4	I'll lay a hearty welcome out on the table for this burger chain coming to the Queen City. I've been a fan of these guys since my first visit a few years ago in Tampa. Unique and decent variety of menu items, of which the stars are the burgers (obviously) and even pays homage to some old school joints of olde. You're bound to land on a burger that you'll like under this roof. My favorite is definitely the Tuna Burger. Though, anything with rare tuna is going to be a hit with me. I will note that the TexMex Stack Burger was good, but lacked structure. The burger artist who assembled my most recent mess decided to put the lettuce and tomato on the bottom. Not sure if that's the Burger21 doctrine, but it made for some slippery handling. Not a fan. Biggest aspect to approach for you first-timers? The sauce bar. Do yourself a favor and order the good ol' NC favorite -- sweet potato fries, and try out the Toasted Marshmallow sauce. Yep. You read that correctly. Others of note are the Thai Ketchup and Chipotle Mayo. Both a nice touch. Prices are decent, though you'll probably pay a little bit more for a full meal. Have to say it's a big positive for Ballantyne Village. This place will do just fine in the 28277.
3	I dare you to try to find the shrimp taste in the shrimp burger. There is no flavor at all (of any kind) in the shrimp burger. Half way through my tasteless shrimp burger, I ordered a bacon cheese burger that was generic. Not bad not great.The fries were excellent. Some of the best I've come across in years!
5	I've been to Burger 21 twice now for dinner in the past week.  I guess it's safe to say that I love it.  Five Guys?  Meh.  Give Burger 21 a try.When you first walk in, you grab a paper menu and study it intensely.  There are so many choices that I think they need a better system so the doorway doesn't get clogged, but maybe that's just me because everything sounds so good that it's hard to narrow my selection down to just one.  You order and pay at the counter.  Now, here's the part I don't really like:  on your charge slip you're given to sign, there's an OBVIOUS place there for gratuity.  I can either (a) leave a tip at a "fast food" restaurant in advance, hoping I get what I paid for or (b) not leave a tip and look like a total dork and run the risk of my food being tainted.  Can I just say how much I hate the expectation of a tip at anything other than a full-service restaurant?  If you're making more than $2/hour like a server does, then you're already getting paid to do your job!!!  Okay, I'll get off my soapbox about that ridiculousness and, yes, I have left gratuity both times in advance I've dined there this week, most likely so I didn't look like a big d-bag at the counter.  The decor inside is fresh and modern.  The outside patio offers a lot of seating to enjoy the nice summer weather (there's even an awning over it in case of rain/heat/what-have-you). While you're waiting for someone to bring out your food to you, you can stock up on a variety of dips from their condiment bar.  They have so many unique offerings.  By far, my favorite is the Ragin' Cajun to dip my french fries in, although I have trouble distinguishing between the Ragin Cajun and the Chipotle Mayo.   I'm not a big fan of ketchup, but I tried the Thai Ketchup, hoping it would be something special and tangy that didn't resemble ketchup.  Nope.  It tasted like regular ketchup to me.  I thought the Apple Cider was going to be a vinegar for my fries, but it ended up being a creamy dip.  It was good, but tasted almost like Honey Mustard to me.  The first night we dined there, I tried the Mediterranean Chicken Burger.  It was really tasty, but probably could have used more of everything on top, especially feta cheese and grilled red peppers.  We shared a big basket of "Cheese & Ale Fries topped with bacon & scallions."  It's really a basket of fries (plenty to share) with a cup of hot soupy beer cheese with bacon and scallions mixed in.   It was good, but after discovering the condiment bar with its multitude of free sauces, you don't really need the cheese.  Maybe if it was melted over a mound of fries it would make more sense.  The second night this week we visited, I opted for a regular beef burger, and went with the Philly Cheese burger.  Wow--GOOD CHOICE.  It was cooked to my liking, very juicy, and the beef was extremely flavorful and well-seasoned.  Combine that with the gooey cheese and pepper and onions, and I was more than satisfied.  It was definitely one of the best burgers I've ever had.  Obviously, I'm going back.  The only question is...when?
4	I eat a lot of veggie burgers. It's a thing. I love burger joints, especially the recent trend of quick casual spots popping up left and right. For me, it's always a challenge to find a veggie burger that is more than a Morningstar Farms patty that's overcooked.Search no further. Burger 21's Black Bean Burger is a game changer. I ordered mine sans red onion and substituted their utterly perfect brioche for the whole wheat bun that comes standard. I devoured every morsel happily. So, so good. I'll easily recommend this place to meat and veggie lovers alike.They also have banging fries, of  both the regular and sweet potato variety. And a plethora of dipping sauces ranging from toasted marshmallow (you either love it or hate it) to thai ketchup.The burgers are thick and juicy, and there is no end to the number of combinations you can try. The Mr recently ordered the tuna burger, while friends went with The Skinny (turkey burger). I think this chain is doing things right, and I have no doubt that Burger21 will be successful in this new Ballantyne location.
4	Gluten free buns for the burgers, great fries,   And outdoor seating. Prices are fair and on the 21st of each moth they donate a percentage of their take to a local charity.
2	I wanted to like this place!! It is very clean and the customer service was outstanding. But, the food didn't do it for me or my boyfriend. Very fast food like.
5	Food, service and milkshakes were amazing!!! Staff was extremely helpful! We walked in about 45 minutes before they closed and they welcomed us with smiles and fresh food!!! We will be back!
4	Burgers in Ballantyne.  It's not an original concept - you don't have to look very far in Ballantyne to find place for a burger and a shake.  But what's different about Burger 21 - located in Ballantyne Village - is that, not only do you get a wide variety of patties to choose from, you can also choose from a wide variety of sauces to with your meal.  Patties range from beef to turkey to black bean to tuna to shrimp!  The sauces ranged from a Thai ketchup (yum) to toasted marshmallow (interesting). My hubby and I decided on Burger 21 for a late Sunday lunch. When we arrived, we were greeted immediately and the cashier offered to walk us through the burgers and the point out the sauce bar.  We decided on the Half & Half basket of fries (potato and sweet potato), so in my carb-loving guilt, I ordered a salad - the Black & Blue Wedge.  I thought it might have been a mistake on my part but I was pleasantly surprised.  It's a HUGE wedge covered in blue cheese, dressing and bacon - topped off with 3 beef slider patties.  I found it very good. The patties did get cold quicker than I would've liked, but it was on top of an iceberg (lettuce, that is).  Back to the fries, we definitely had some fun with the fry/sauce combos. My favorites were the sweet potato fries with the apple cider sauce and the potato with the Thai ketchup. YUM. We both said we'd definitely be back - maybe to try something else. They do have chicken tenders --- Can you imagine how much fun chicken tenders and all those dipping sauces would be?
2	We decided to try this place after seeing a review on here.  We had not heard of Burger 21, but decided let's give it a go because we are a little mad with another burger joint and their recent changes.I was excited to try some of their burgers as they had quite a few different options and what looked like fun burgers.  I tried the Philly Burger and Kevin had some mexican burger, can't recall the name, but it had salsa, guac, etc. on it.  The burgers came out a little on the cold side, and they lacked flavor.  They are nice thick burger, but they were too greasy and dripped way too much for my liking.I'm glad we had a coupon as they are on the pricier side compared to other burger joints.  Probably will not return.
3	Ballantyne has no shortage of burger Joints, so I was a little shocked to see another one had opened, but I had to try it (because who doesn't loooove a good juicy burger?).  Immediately in looking at the menu I noticed right away that they were priced lower (for the most part) compared to its nearby competitors. I feel they have a variety of burgers to choose from so one can definitely find something. If you can't, there is no "build your burger" option but I am sure they can substitute if needed (most places can). I ordered the 'shroom and my husband ordered the black & bleu. I ordered mine medium because I noticed that medium here is closer to medium rare, and indeed it was, which is how I prefer it. The burgers aren't overly big 6.2 oz before cooking so I don't feel as guilty about eating it. We both enjoyed them. The sauce bar is also unique, but the marshmallow one  was very sweet and I am unsure why you would add that to a burger, but then again I am more of a traditionalist.  Overall it was good, we will be back.
2	I hit this place for lunch, I was expecting so much more. I ordered a burger and drink my bill was already at 11 dollars, I ask does that by any chance come with fries. The girl who was very nice was like no its an add on. Looked at the menu almost 3 bucks to add fries. Would have put me close to 15 bucks for a burger and fry lunch ughhhhh. Well the burger comes out, It looks ok nothing mind blowing, I did notice looked alittle greasy which another reviewer said something. I eat it again it was fine Ive had better and for almost half the cost. Probably wont be back
5	The entrance/register layout was a little confusing but overall a very fun, fresh atmosphere. Burger sliders were delightful, juicy little beef patties on sweet hawaiian rolls - yum! What really sold me was the variety of sauces for the burgers and fries! A whole Sauce Bar with tons of choices. So fun! Join their email club and get a free milkshake on your birthday too. :) Will definitely be back.
5	First of all, the staff here is SO nice. Second, they offer a number of gluten-free options (*not* just salads), and all their delicious sauces are gluten-free.The first time I visited, as soon as I mentioned I wanted a gluten-free bun, the staff was quick to let me know what was and wasn't gluten-free on the menu, down to the seasoning on the sweet potato fries. The second time I visited, I found the staff just as knowledgeable and helpful. The staff is very hospitable - they check on you without being obtrusive, and no request is too small or too silly. The second time I visited, my best friend from college had come down to see me after more than a decade of not seeing each other, and when the manager came over to check on us he asked if the music could possibly be turned down a bit. (Since we were early and the first ones there, it seemed louder than it would have otherwise.) The manager immediately turned it down and soon after, came out to check to see if the new volume was as my friend hoped. So nice!Another thoughtful touch: the hand-washing sink near the back entrance. The prices are a tad high for burgers and fries but not more than other local places, and their sauces are amazing, especially the honey mustard and apple cider sauces. (Try the toasted marshmallow sauce at least once!) And you can use your Ballantyne card to get a discount.My one wish: if you have a gluten allergy and you also don't eat beef, there are no burger options for you. The turkey and veggie burgers are made with bread crumbs. During my second visit I ended up just getting a basket of sweet potato fries since I really don't eat beef, and the staff obviously felt terrible. They kept asking if there was anything else they could possibly get me. Again, so nice.
5	Let me just tell you.....not many places get Five stars from me....but this is a rare exception!At first I thought, great ANOTHER burger place (since that is all the rage right now).  Boy, didn't take long to figure out this was no ordinary burger joint.The location is awesome of course being at the village.  The interior is bright, modern, clean, and cheery.  There is also a huge covered patio outside that is really fun.The staff is amazing.  High-end restaurant service at a burger place.....unheard of!  They are all friendly, fun, energetic, and really helpful!  They suggest things for you, answer questions, come by the table several times while you are eating, etc.  A manager usually comes by at least once, and is always super friendly.When you walk in, you mosey up to the counter where you are warmly welcomed.  They have menus all over the place, and eagerly await your questions (which there always are).  The have tons of burgers, and they even have "real" chicken burgers...not just a breast or a ground up mess, but a unique textured patty that is lightly browned on the outside, and juicy on the inside.  There yummy sides...but the best are the skinny crunchy sweet potato fries!Did I mention they have a hand-crafted milkshake bar???  OMG is all I can say about that!!!After that, you pick a great table or booth, then you get to browse the dipping sauce bar!  That's right, a row of awesome dipping sauces like toasted marshmellow or thai ketchup.  They are incredible!Finally, a fresh and friendly take on a greasy burger joint....simply put, delicious.One of my favorite places in Ballantyne now...I am addicted and go pretty much once a week!!  Everyone enjoy, and to the employees, managers, and owners...BRAVO!
1	We were craving for burgers so instead of having five guys I said I'll try this new Burger 21. We ordered to-go one cheesy bacon and the other philly cheesesteak burger. The cheese steak was a little bit salty and the cheesy bacon was OK. Not really something to rave about but they were decent burgers. I like the sweet potato fries but the french fries tasted like they were fried on a-million-times used oil. Now here's the punch. After eating our tummy became bloated. And then the nightmare began. I got diarrhea and was up all night going back and forth to the bathroom. My partner who had the cheese steak was throwing up. That burger made us sick and I'm sure it's something from the meat. So no more Burger 21 for me and maybe for you, too. Think twice.
5	Excellent food and service! I had the mushroom burger and sweet potato fries. Very juicy with a nice thick burger patty. Decor is nice too. Excellent place to grab lunch. We'll be back!
5	My 10 year old has a wheat allergy and he loves this place! He was all smiles and definitely NOT missing those fast food places (I can't bear to call that crap food).
5	went this weekend after someone recommended it. Very good! We enjoyed the black and bleu sliders with sweet potato fries. I liked that the fries were very thin. Their milkshakes are amazing. My kids had the chocolate peanut butter and malted milk ball and they LOVED them. The staff was very friendly and helpful.
3	Another burger place in the Ballantine area... Great!Unfortunately there is limited street parking in front of the building, so be prepared for a walk from the nearby parking deck during busy times of the day. Walking into Burger21 you are greeted by a PPP predominantly white & open space that is somewhat on the small side. Everything is clean, but the lack of color makes things look a bit hospital-like. Everything is ordered a LA carte. Choose from 19 different Angus beef burgers, two seafood, four chicken or two vegetarian option. This is a fast-casual design, so you order at the counter, get a number, and the food is brought out to you. The lack of a large wall mounted menu means you are scrambling for the paper menus. The burgers themselves are nice and juicy, but I found them to be lacking in flavor. Some additional seasoning would really help with the flavor. The fries on the other hand were excellent. Thinly sliced and nice and crispy. These were some of the best fries I have had in a long time. Burger21 also has a large selection of different types of ketchup, so you can flavor tour fries to your liking. Prices were in line with what you would pay at a full service sit down restaurant (at least as far as lunch prices are concerned). Overall Burger 21 is not a bad option, but it is nothing special either. There are better options for burgers in this area.
4	First time at this burger joint and if there was one in Raleigh I would be back sooner.  Had the bleu cheese burger & the bacon cheesey buger and they were well worth the calories and the $8.  The French fries are thin like mcdonalds which just happen to be my favorite kind.  The sauce bar is so good, the apple cider sauce with the salty fries is a match made in heaven.  What really impressed me was that we saw the manager making sure all was clean, little things like that go a long way, especially at a chain.  The 4 out of 5 is because my husband had a bowl of chili which he said had no flavor at all.  Regardless of that fact I will be back for a burger next time I come across another of these.
4	I consider Burger 21 to be a close competitor of Smashburger.  However, I would say that Burger 21 is a bit more refined or less fast-foody than Smashburger.  The burgers are very good and I like that Burger 21 has some unique "burgers" on their menu.  Their shrimp burger is an interesting feature.  I thought it would be whole shrimp sort of like a shrimp po'boy.  Instead, it's ground shrimp in a patty form...with a lot of spice!  Quite interesting.  Be sure to brace yourself for the heat if you get it.  Burger 21 also has awesome shakes.  But you could get on serious calorie overload if you get a burger, fries, and shake.  But what the heck, right?Overall, I like Burger 21.  Keep it on your short list for a more refined, "faster food", burger.
4	This review is for their to-go orders only.. although inside looked really cute and clean. Great looking shakes and everything was really fresh!Their online ordering was a snap -- really easy, and great to customize your burgers. Lots of options.. fancy and the classics. They use toasted brioche which is incredible and just perfect. The burger was juicy.. even with transit (but not soggy). We got the basket of sweet potato fries for the 3 of us (and it may have been too much, but I have no self control when it comes to these things), which were shoestring cut and just absolutely delicious.. perfectly salted. I didn't get a chance to try anything too fancy or "artisan" if you will.. that night I was just in the mood for a classic cheeseburger with carmelized onions done right, and they delivered. Next time I'm in town and I'm craving a burger, I think I'll come in and sit for a while.. and even have a milkshake.
5	A bit pricy, but truly a fantastic burger spot for a casual counter service place. I got the Texas burger which comes with a multitude of premium toppings like avocado, deep fried onion strings and gouda cheese.  I knew I was about to become a fan when the guy said I could have it cooked rare if I wanted. I opted for med rare and it came out perfectly cooked. We got a pound of sweet potato fries to share.A perfect accompaniment to the fries was a huge sauce counter with a dozen or so choices including some bizarre ones like toasted marshmallow and apple cider. I enjoyed the Chipotle mayo, Thai ketchup, and ragin' cajun. The apple was surprisingly good as well. Fries themselves were thinner than I prefer but decent enough. As for the burger,  outstanding! Easily the best I've had from a casual joint and rivaled the best from a high end restaurant. It's worth the 8 dollar price tag, but when you add $3 for 1 order of sweet potato fries and $2.19 for a drink, you're talking $14 per person with tax.  Another downside  is they don't have any grilled chicken sandwiches on the menu, which is basically all my mom orders at these places. They also have veggie, ground chicken and turkey patties if red meat isn't your thing. I tried a bite of my brother's chicken parm burger which was quite yummy.  But ground beef is the way to go if you ask me.Other than the price and somewhat limited options,  I can't really complain about anything. Will definitely make it back when I return to Charlotte.
3	I met some friends at Burger 21 for lunch. All the staff was very friendly, they made a point to make it feel like a normal sit-down restaurant despite the fact that you order your food at a counter. They bring you and pick up your food when you're done. They have a large menu, including several burgers, chicken sandwiches, turkey and veggie burgers, sweet potato, regular, and cheese fries. For a healthier option, they have a few salads. However, it gets a little pricey when ordering because fries are not included in a combo price. They also have many delicious milkshakes that add to your overall bill. A sauce bar adds some uniqueness to burger 21- they have around 10 different sauces you can dip your fries in or add to your burger. Overall, I enjoyed Burger 21, but I wouldn't be able to eat there very often considering it is pretty unhealthy. I mean, how can you go to a burger place and not indulge in a burger, fries, AND a shake?
4	The fast-casual burger joint invasion has been hitting Charlotte for the last few years.  Versions of every shape and size popping up offering their versions of the American classic.  And mostly, they've been disappointing.  Until now...Burger21 is less than 1/4 of a mile from where I work, so I decided to hop in and check it out one day for lunch.  My expectations were fairly low (based on past experiences), but the results totally blew me out of the water!  The meat on the burger was thick, juicy, and full of flavor.  There are a variety of burgers available (along with the required "build your own") to cater to all tastes!  And if you want to take your burger creation just a little bit further, a sauce/topping bar with a number of available sauces is available for your perusal.  Price-wise?  A little bit on the high side, but I don't mind paying for good quality.  Atmosphere?  Very clean, with a variety of tables and high-tops.  Bar seating (at the milkshake making station) is also available.The one thing that didn't really impress me?  The fries.  Meh... take 'em or leave 'em.  But that burger will be bringing me back again and again!
5	Great burgers! The Turkey burger was the best I have ever had. No hormones just organic and tasty !
5	Was pleasantly surprised. The decor was modern and inviting. The service was fast and friendly. Tad bit pricey but I feel like the quality of the food is worth it. I'll have to try a shake next time.
4	21 different burgers with a variety of protein choices, fries, and milk shakes what could go wrong. On my first trip not much. I had the bacon cheesy burger and fries. My daughter had the grilled cheese off the kids menu which used slider buns for the bread and it was delicious! There are a number of dipping sauces to choose from for the fries or to add to your burger. Next time I'll get the sweet potato fries so I can try the toasted marshmallow sauce with them. The kids lived their shakes too. Service was quick. Of course with all these fast casual places where you order at the counter and pay, get your own drink etc what the heck do you tip?
5	Food here is great. By far, the skinny is the best turkey burger I've ever had. It is so flavorful and far from dry. I like the different sauces they have available. My favorites are the Thai ketchup and the Cajun sauce. My husband orders regular beef hamburgers and loves them. We order the chicken strips for my son. They're really good! The restaurant is clean and aesthetically pleasing. The staff is attentive and very helpful in getting us settled at our table with our son.
2	It was a disappointing dinner as I expected more.  You enter and everyone is very friendly and the decor is bright and clean.  I ordered a burger and a beer, my wife ordered the chicken tender basket  We were told to take a seat and they would bring our food out to us in ~8 minutes.  We stocked up on sauces and sat down, unfortunately I finished my beer in 15 minutes, but still didn't have our food.  So we people watched, and watched the people coming in after us get served when we did.  The burger was bland and boring, just skillet cooked and not very good beef.  The side order of sweet potato fries I got were shoestring thin and wonderful though.  My wife liked her chicken tenders, which might have been the reason for the delay, but the extremely large order of regular fries that came with her tenders were plain jane.  The Sauces bar was a disappointment - the marshmallow dip was gross but worth a try, but didn't really go with anything.  The tai ketchup was the best, but was not spicy enough.  The BBQ sauce tasted like cheap kraft BBQ sauce.  Just a letdown really, I am not a big fan of five guys, but I would have rather brought a five guys burger and eaten it there.
2	Eh...not impressed. Over priced for just average burgers. Went with my husband & 2 kids age 10 & 7. Wasn't impressed with the chicken as it is not a whole breast of chicken but ground chicken. French fries had a weird after taste and were overly-thin. Probably won't go back, unless I get a gift certificate.
4	The staff does a great job of staying pleasant while being swamped and dealing with families. The food is very tasty - the BBQ bacon burger really hit the spot. The burgers are roughly a half pound, the applewood-smoked bacon is cooked just right, and the BBQ sauce is sweet. The fries and onion strings are not really seasoned but there is a sauce bar with a wide range of selections to make them tastier. There is currently a special shake: the kitchen sink. Highly recommend it as it tastes like every candy bar you want to have in your pantry was put in the blender. If it's just you and one other person, consider sharing a large side as it's enough to enjoy but too much to fill up on and miss out on the shakes, floats, sundaes! Seating can be tricky on colder days as there are a few tables and booths inside and they are placed close together for maximum possible occupancy. There is a sizable outdoor patio for outdoor seating. We will definitely be returning to this place for burgers, fries, and shakes.
5	Best burger i had in months.try the thai , apple cider and barbeque sauces next time you go there!
3	Burgers and shakes with a condiment bar where you can do it yourself.  So a self-serve, 1950s decor burger joint.  That just about describes it.They bring your order to the table and the fries, sweet or regular potato, come in a paper cone wrapper in a stand.  Then you troop to the condiments to doctor your burger and choose some dippings for your fries..Meat is good quality and I think the burgers are at least a third pound or more.  Nice size.  Shakes come in a lot of flavors and they are very good for sharing.The burgers are offered in 21 varieties but you can make changes.It was not crowded when we went and the wait for our order was long.  Maybe it was recovery break time post-lunch.  Worth a repeat visit...or more.
3	We had a great experience at Burger 21 last summer while vacationing in Orlando, so we were thrilled to see one open up not far from us in Charlotte. As with the Florida location, the burgers were terrific, and a great selection of local beers (NoDa Ramble On Red ... awesome!) was a big plus. And don't get me started on the delicious desserts ...But as good as the meal was, the wait time was HORRIBLE. Our burgers were delivered in fairly short order, but after we went back to the counter to order ice cream, it took nearly 30 MINUTES for three sundaes to make it to our table. And THAT was only after we pestered the waiter to check on them before our kids started having a meltdown. From our vantage point, it looked like they had ONE guy making all the ice cream AND answering the phone to deal with take-out orders. Not really his fault, but management needs to figure that one out ... FAST.So, Burger 21 COULD be one of the best burger/beer/sundae joints in Charlotte. If they can just get the service issues worked out. Until then, I'm docking them a star.
2	I had such a bad experience with the Ahi Tuna burger. I wish I could say I want to go back and try something else but I don't!
4	Good Cinco burger and Vanilla shake. Some good sauces to try with fries. Will be back...
4	We got a coupon in the mail & gave this place a try.  Absolutely loved the burgers!  I got a Marsala Chicken & my husband got the Tex-Mex burger.  Both were super good.  Bonus - they have a ton of fun condiments to go with the fries and burgers. Decor was nice & service was even better :-)  Will def be coming here more often for my burger cravings.  Next time, I will definitely give the shrimp burger a try :-)
4	Pros:  - Best chicken tenders I have ever had. Hands down!  They just melt in your mouth.- They offer sweet potato fries.- The shakes are delicious.Cons:- Regular French fries are not fresh cut.  I'm kind of a stickler for this at places that are burger joints. Take the extra time to make an awesome fry!- Condiments are plentiful, but none are fresh or homemade. Again, the devil is in the details. If they took the time to make their own honey mustard, ranch, etc. it would move Burger 21 from good to gotta have!
5	My husband and I grabbed a late dinner here last night and couldn't have been happier!  I ordered the black & bleu burger and he got the philly cheesesteak one.  I also had the chocolate peanut butter shake and we split a basket of the half & half fries (1/2 - regular & 1/2 - sweet potato).  My burger was amazing! It was topped with bleu cheese, bacon, fresh lettuce & some kind of delicious sauce.  My husband loved his burger, too! And the milkshake was simply amazing - it was the perfect consistency & flavor.  The fries were delicious as well.  The staff is all so friendly and helpful.  They have a ton of really good burger combos/choices on the menu or you can build your own if you don't like their combos.  The also have a decent selection of milkshakes and different fries & fry toppings!  Also! there are 10-15 different sauces to choose from to dip fries in besides ketchup.  This place is awesome!
3	First, I must start out by saying that I am extremely critical of Burger spots.  It feels like there are a million burger joints and I really think you need to stand out to get a 4 or 5 star review.  Having said that, allow me to tell you about my two trips to Burger 21.First trip --  If you have a Tex/Mex Burger with onion rings, bacon, and bbq sauce... I am going to order it.  Period.  The picture of the Tex/Mex in the gallery is spot on.  They do an excellent job with cooking it as ordered and using nice and fresh buns.  The bun is half the burger and crucial. Overall, I would give this Tex/Mex burger a 6.9 out of 10.  The 6.9 is overwhelmingly decided on due to comparison with other burgers.  The burger at Bad Daddys and Cowbell Uptown blow this out of the water.  I was rather disappointed with the fries.  Now this may be just because I generally like more of a steak cut type of fry (or at least some body to the fry) but B21's were shoe string and rather plain.  To their credit, they do have a sauce stations and you can load up on variety of flavors.  I would suggest the rajin cajun sauce.  It's good!  Although, I couldnt get myself to order one of the milkshakes or floats, they looked BANGIN!  I would imagine it would rather difficult to not enjoy one of those.  Second trip --  I got the Tex/Mex burger another go around.  Hahaha.  What can I say.. I like bacon and bbq on my burger.. Sue me!  Overall, same review.  I wouldn't go as far as to say that I will definitely go back but if they keep sending me a buy one get one free burger coupon.. I will probably venture that way again.  Enjoy!-Ian M.
2	First time visitor. Enticed by a flier for a bogo burger. Service was excellent. Very friendly and welcoming order taker  Ambiance is quite nice.  Now on to the reason for visiting this establishment... FOOD: Very underwhelmed. If they are competing with Wendy's, Burger King, and such they win on most counts except price of course. But if their true competition is Red Robin, Bad Daddy's even Five Guys they lose on all counts.  I ordered the Bacon Cheesy and found the dominate taste was bun. Burger was very undersized for the bun. Bun was so coated on the top I had to put a napkin over the bun prior to cutting the sandwich in half. Tasted no cheese... little bacon. I accepted all standard accompaniments offered, i.e. mustard, catsup, mayo... it they were present they were the blandest versions of these products I've ever tasted...or not. Ordered the large fries which comes in the small size cup. Mostly full of 3/4 to 1" size fries. Not the best for catsup dipping unless you require your fingers to be a part of each bite. Bottom line... way overpriced...far too many much better places to dine in the same neighborhood. Thank God I had the coupon!
4	Really good , loved all the dips , my kids scarfed the chicken tenders down :) wish we would of found this place before we move .
4	Tried the ahi tuna burger today and was impressed with how it was cooked. Lightly fried and still a little raw on the inside. PERFECT! The sauce bar was a fun addition to my fries however I indulged and ordered the cheese and ale sauce which was so good that I easily could have eaten that as a side of soup. I will be back to try the other burgers. The staff was very accommodating and helpful. Great place. Hope it lasts in that spot.
5	My boyfriend and I went here for lunch on a Saturday afternoon. The restaurant wasn't overcrowded. The staff was extremely friendly. As first timers we asked for suggestions. The guy was eager top tell is about his best sellers. My boyfriend got the tex mex and I ordered the bacon cheese burger. The guys also told me I could add and egg to any burger on the menu. So I did! We ordered fries with a side of the cheese ale sauce. We made great choices! Everything was amazing! The sauce bar is what makes this place stand out. They have close to 10 different sauces and you can try them all!One other key ticket for me was that they had local beer on tap. I picked up a JAM session from Noda Brewery. All I can say is go here asap!!
4	I have been here a few times, usually getting the turkey burger and customizing it to my liking. I have always been completely satisfied as the ingredients taste fresh and delicious. Love their sweet potato fries and love how they have all of their many condiments out for you to take as much of as you wish. Never eaten in, but it seems like a cute litte place to grab some quick food. Oh, and they always have a smile on their face, great service.
5	Let's just say this place is perfection. Burgers are well made and cooked to perfection. Do not skip out on the fries and milkshake because you'll regret it. The bacon and ales 1lb fries are delicious and more than enough for 2 people. The food in general is kinda pricey but well worth it.
5	I am such a fan of this place! I got the haystack burger both times I've been there and it's just killer. The burger is so juicy, the brioche buns are killer and best of all--the sauce bar with like 12 unique sauces! Thank you Jesus, I love sauce bars. Service is good and quick and the ambience is modern and clean. Great for a quick lunch.
5	Awesome tex mex burger. Have to get the cheese and ale fries too. Good atmosphere and kid friendly.
4	The black bean veggie burger, as ubiquitous as it is, is very good here. The chipotle mayo and the addition of the avocado and salsa send this burger over the top. The fries, either regular or sweet potato, are superb--nice and thin so they get really crispy. Although oddly enough the regular fries taste a lot like McDonald's fries. Hmmm... :-) I've also had their strawberry milkshake. I swear I could drink one everyday they are that good.I've gone to this place as much as twice a week, so this has become my new go-to place when I'm too lazy to pack my lunch. The staff is ALWAYS super nice and get my order right every time. A great place to visit!!!
4	What a nice addition to our neighborhood eateries. Burger 21 is a short walk from our condo nestled in Ballantyne Village and just the place to visit for to get your burger fix. This is like an upscale fast food burger joint. Kind of an oxymoron but no better way to describe it. The menu is filled with gourmet burgers or you can craft your own. Also chicken, turkey, fish or veggie burgers are available. You can even order a salad, but the burgers are their main thing. You order at the counter and they deliver your food to the table. We've stopped in several times before for a shake or snack before so this wasn't our first visit. We stopped in again on July 4th because 1. you have to have a burger 2. you must watch fireworks and 3. 'Merica. We both ordered the BBQ burger - with bacon, onion straws and BBQ sauce. The burger was cooked perfectly and the bun was beautiful. We also shared a basket of fries. Thin crispy fries reminiscent of the days when I used to frequent the ol' Golden Arches. Everyone loves fries. Seriously. What's not to love about these were the perfect fix for a McDonalds style fry without the shame if actually going to a McDonalds.We've tried the multitudes of sauces. Some are just weird. Like toasted marshmallow. I get the idea behind it, but still, it's just weird. We've stopped in several times for burgers, shakes, dine in and carry out, and each time the service is efficient, our orders are accurate and the facility is clean. These are things that make for an overall excellent visit. Can't wait to visit again!
5	I absolutely love this area! We needed something good but quick to eat between soccer games & this was great! The Black Bean Burger was juicy & cooked to perfection! The kids loved their salads & hubby enjoyed his burger!
5	Burger 21 is a great burger place. I always get a different burger I go, and I never am disappointed by them. The black and blue burger is my favorite burger and the sweet potato fries are delicious. Their homemade shakes are amazing as well and if you need them to split the shake for two they will. Every month they have a special burger as well as shakes. I would recommend this if you want a good burger and fries.
4	The milkshakes are sooo good! I got the chocolate malted milk ball...now I want to go back and try them all! The black and bleu burger was a bit too salty for me but good. My mom got the black bean burger and said it was great.  Great fries. I got sooo full. Both Regular and sweet potato and good selection of burgers. . . will return!
4	The owners, Steven Tyler and Mick Jagger, sure know what they're doing when they make a burger!The burgers here are great!  There aren't many burger joints that manage such a perfectly cooked and dressed burger.  So good!The prices are what you'd expect to pay in Ballantyne... and not what you'd expect to pay at burger joints outside of the area.There is an abundance of sauces to put on your burger or dip your fries in.  Very nice!Try:  Dipping your sweet potato fries into their marshmallow dipAvoid:  Unhinging your jaw to fit that burger in your mouth
3	I got a coupon in the mail for being a new resident of the area, it was for getting a free milkshake with the purchase of a burger.  I looked on their menu and was really impressed with their options, they have 2 vegetarian options, and a couple seafood and turkey burgers besides their beef options.  I chose the black bean burger, which had salsa, avocado, aoili, lettuce, and tomato on a whole wheat bun (it also comes with sourcream, but I didn't want that).  It was what you would call an upscale stacked burger, delicious!  The price was steep for a burger.. with tax it came to about $7 and some cents, I thought it would have came with fries, but you have to pay extra for those.  I wanted fries but they were an extra $3, so I declined.  I ate part of it while it was hot and the other half after work when it was cold, and the burger was excellent both hot/warm and cold.  Next for the milkshake I selected the seasonal Pumpkin or Pumpkin Pie milkshake, it was good also, but didn't taste much like pumpkin.. it tasted more like eggnog.. but it was good nonetheless.  The staff was friendly.  The food was good.  I would go back, especially if I had another coupon.
4	Burger 21 always does right by us! The owner that we met is awesome and the food & customer service is great! We've been here several times and love this establishment. It's always clean and they have a "no touch required" hand wash station behind the dining area that is very convenient. The BBQ Bacon Burger is sooooo delicious! I've tried the Cinco de Mayo and Tex-Mex Haystack & wasn't a fan of them but the owner/manager on duty definitely made up for it (another reason we love this place). He personally came by to see how we were doing and offered to give us a new order (but we were a little full from the fries and what we had eaten of the burgers already) - so instead gave us vouchers to come back and order something else AND free cookies lol!So yes, we love Burger 21. Next on the "to try" list are the milkshakes and some non-beef items. Oh and the basket of fries are always hot, fresh & delicious. There are a ton of sauces at the condiment bar. Definitely can't forget about alllll of the sauces, thai ketchup being a favorite! This place is a must try for a great burger day or night. Hopefully I'll be able to move this to five stars once I try some of their other menu items :)  #NoMoreFiveGuysAfterThisPlace
5	Great burger selection... Freshly made, not pre-fab frozen food service patties... The buns are excellentMilk shakes are great
4	Had the Bacon Cheesy burger - good, but the bun was a bit greasy.   My friend had the Philly Cheese burger - too many sauces mixed together, so she didn't finish it.  She has a vanilla shake, good, like a Fribble.  We got fries & the onion strings as a side.  They aren't on the menu, but you can ask for them.
5	Price is on point for the area, quality and temp of food, timely service and recommendations from the staff!The strawberry milkshake is #1. You can taste the chunks of strawberries throughout the shake.The OMG!! Burger cannot be conquered in one sitting.. get a box. The Chicken Marsala burger was recommended and stood up the expectation of excellence.  The sauce poured over made it simply amazing and is comparable to Marsala sauce in an Italian restaurant.
5	Best burger in CLT. No contest. Cowfish, Bang Bang, Bad Daddy's - none hold a candle to the meat in this burger. The fries are just okay- coated like those at BK, but with several fun dipping sauces. Shakes are better than average. The real star here is the burger meat, so keep that in mind with your ordering strategy; next time I would get a double burger, skip the fries, and convince my BF to split a shake.
4	Yummy, yummy in my tummy! Went with a friend today to check out Burger 21 & upon entering, I love the layout & all the marketing. Very clean! They have a very full menu full of burger offerings, which made it very hard for me to decide. Always a favorite at other burger joints, I decided on the black & bleu burger - with bacon, bleu cheese crumbles, tomato & onion. You are able to choose how you want your burger cooked. I chose medium well. And of course, I had to have fries. We chose our sauces at the "sauce bar" - there was favored mayos & other dipping/topping sauces to choose from.While we waited, I went to the restroom - very clean AND they have the Dyson airblade drying system! I LOOOOVE Dyson products, so I was so excited to see this in the restroom. After I came back out, only a few minutes later our food arrived. Presentation was neat (check my picture). Burger & fries were cooked to perfection & they were oh so tasty. I had a fountain drink of Barg's Root Beer & it was deliciously refreshing. Prices are pretty steep, but the burger was pretty big & the fries were a plenty.Parking can be an issue, since they share space with many other businesses & restaurants. I'm pleased & so was my belly!
4	When walked in we were greeted with a smile and bright interior decor. We ordered two chicken burgers with a side of sweet potatoe fries. They also have one of the updated soda machines.While we waited there was a large selection of dipping sauces which impressed. Including some off the wall ones which went great with the fries.Our food came out quickly and I reallllly enjoyed my experience here.
