5	The JCC has a great gym. I highly recommend going to Lyn's zumba classes, which are free to all members. She has a strong dance background and she's very energetic and easy to follow.
4	Played a recent tennis match here and the place is really nice. I would dare say is a massive complex behind the trees off Providence Road. Open for membership to everyone of culture and faith, the facility is really cool. Has indoor/outdoor workout areas as well as a school, etc. The well-lit courts (we played at night) outdoor tennis courts are all clay and in great shape. There is a viewing area with tables and chairs surrounded by landscaping, so if you're there to play or watch, you'll be impressed. When I got home I went on to their website and checked out the membership rates and they are very reasonable. I'm in Uptown, so this is a little out of the way, but for those of you in the South Charlotte area, I would check it out!
4	I went as a guest with a member to a series of yoga classes and they were the best yoga classes I've taken!  The facilities were outstanding and the instructor was terrific! If you are looking for a really nice gym to join that offers a variety of classes and excercise equipment, the JCC is an excellent choice!
5	A wonderful place to workout and swim - a true vibrant center of culture and Jewish life in Charlotte.
4	I've found a new home, I thought when my wife and I were on our tour of the facility.I've been a member of nearly all the gyms that have been or are in the Charlotte area. ZX, Peak, Golds, YMCA.  Now that I have a family, including a small 6mo old, I wanted to return to something that had a bit more family orientation to it and not just a lot of weights for the lug in me.The facility is very clean and rather high end. Many aerobic machines you can dock your iDevice into and use their screens as your own. Pretty nice for watching all those TED talks when you're jogging.The weight area is limited but the free weights go to around 125+# so you can get all your "RARRR" out too if you desired.  Otherwise from general observation and usage it looks to be about 2 circuits worth of training gear for the non-free-weight oriented individuals. There is also a nice mirrored stretch area for warm-up or cool-down.Towel service for gym goers, yeppers--and their not small either--large and rather fluffy. Ooh-la-la.The gym space is rather small (not real small, but not huge either), so during peak times you may wait for a machine of one type or another.  The way my schedule work this rarely is a problem, for yours--ask for the week guest pass and see if it will crimp your style too much.Tennis courts, check.Basketball courts, check.Pingpong on weekends, check.Lots and lots of classes from the Zen Yogi's to the Kettleballers, check.Intense in-house bootcamp room, check.Pilates room and equipment, check.Indoor track, check.Multiple pools, woo--check!The changing rooms are important to me, you have to feel comfortable in these environments and I was very pleased by how well they are designed and good upkeep.  The lockers are split into the monthly owned and the general use--even some full height ones for those of us who change into Mr or Ms. Business afterwards and need the hanging room.  Lots of private shower stalls with soap.  A whirlpool, steam, and sauna.  Woot.  I love me a steam room and they even provide the eucalyptus oil in a bottle--my airways rejoice.They also offer a quaint little adult lobby which I see many co-working individuals from day to day.  I'm finding it nice to get a good workout in, clean up, then go cool down/recover while handling some work/email/etc before packing it all in to my next destination.I mean seriously, for a family membership of around $100 a month, that's a lot of gas.  Then you can stack on all their community classes from pottery to painting?! [Note many extra classes will have a fee but it's nominal and fits]  Man this place gets better and better.Lastly for the parents they have a really nice baby sitting service.  It costs around $4 an hour and has some really nice ladies running the room.  It's split by age and they are very attentive to you and your childs needs.  We're still getting our son used to the new environment but can already see when it will be fantastic for us to drop him off for a quick spell while keep ourselves in good shape.Quite a lot right?  And I'm new, like a few weeks old here.  I can't wait to continue to explore the facility and the great members we've already met.  It's good to find someplace that really makes you feel welcome.
5	My family and I love everything the JCC has to offer. I use the gym, pool, and basketball courts quite often and they are always clean and very well maintained.
