5	What a legacy!  An amazing architectural icon, activity centre and biodome.
3	Like a 60s architectural icon from space this place is a bizarre mix of dusty, cavernous, vintage and Barbarella-style futuristic. It's labyrinthine and difficult to navigate and designed to suddenly lead you up to views of... pretty much nothing. The fact that it's crumbling is just a bonus!
4	One of my favorite tourist destinations in the entire city! Great views from atop the observatory, awesome walk through the biodome, plus I had the opportunity to swim in the olympic pool and jump off the diving boards the last time I was there. Great place to bring your family, but be prepared to pay for everything!
4	The architecture is really impressive! I really enjoyed walking through this amazing space, my only problem with it is that I got lost a couple of times, they need to signalize the things a bit better.
2	November - very cold. Made walking around roughDid biodome, insectarium and indoor botanical gardens while there but this review is for the whole park not those specific attractions.This place is under construction which makes it even harder and colder to get from place to place. It has a very run down feel to it. The tower is expensive on its own 15$ a person or so. Couldn't justify going to the top just for a view of a city not really known for its skyline...It's free and it's cool to see how much money was put into hosting the Olympics but there's not a ton here outside of the biodome experience which is awesome.
2	This visit was disappointing, to be truthful. As excited as I was to be on the stomping grounds of the 1976 Olympics, I was sorely disappointed by the lack of, well, excitement. The entire place seemed desolate and abandoned, and while I tried hard to imagine what it must have been like during the Olympics, I just couldn't get passed the eerie silence that enveloped the entire attraction. What blew my mind, too, were the prices to do anything here! My friend and I were able to get student tickets that brought us to the top of the tower, but it was not worth it...at all. While you could see all of Montreal from the top, I couldn't enjoy it completely because I was so agitated for spending so much money on nothing.If you do visit the Parc Olympique, go into it with an open and very creative mind. I would suggest that you don't spend the money on going to the top of the tower. Walking through the park would be quite enough.
4	It's hard to imagine that this Olympic Park was built in 1976 for the Summer Olympics since it was still in great condition.  It is now turned into a tourist attraction- Biodome, Insectarium, and Planetarium.  If my hotel was not located right next to it, I doubt I would venture there, but I'm glad I did.My friends and I did not go into any of the buildings, but walked around instead.  We saw a whole bunch of people standing by the ramp of the Olympic Stadium and was told that the first Friday of every month, they have a street food festival with food trucks so we checked it out.  There were plenty of food trucks with amazing food.  I was surprised at how organized this was compared to the food truckeroo back home in Washington D.C.If I return to Montreal, I'd like to check out the tower and Biodome.
