2	Average flavour with little selection.  Minimal seafood, which was not not the situation when I was in Barcelona at tapas restaurants.  Generally over priced given the market, 18$ for 6 shrimp and 4$ for 3 1x3 pieces of bread.
4	Lots of good food. Croquettes were amazing.  Service was good.
1	Pass by this one. Worst experience of our trip to beautiful Montreal. Incompetent staff, mediocre food, high prices. It looks very inviting from the street with a lively crowd (not sure why they're there) and lovely decor, but we waited endlessly once seated and ended up getting food before any drinks. We ordered a margarita and were delivered some sort of martini, and the waiter was quite miffed that we were sending it back. We asked for recommendations for wine by the glass and after a long struggle to extract some information, were delivered something quite weak and thin, instead of the bold red we were looking for. The waiter actually started arguing with us. In a city with such amazing restaurant choices, this one should not be on anyone's list.
1	Before you read my review, you should know that when I went to Barcelona, this was my favorite restaurant... So my expectations were high and I was highly disappointed. Food is just not good. There are no other words. I tried more than half the menu... nothing was good. Even the patatas bravas, which could have been good, were a complete salt bomb... and I like salty. We were 3 and we were unable to finish that plate. Every dish was one noted. Nothing special. The paella was also a disappointment. The saffron tasted off to say the least... maybe it was burnt or a kind that I don't know. This is much more a bar than it is a restaurant.I must say our waitress was very nice. So nothing bad to say about the service.Basically, I am very sad that I didn't like it... I really wanted to love it.
1	I live a couple blocks from this place and decided to take my wife for our 5th wedding anniversary, so made a reservation for a thursday 2 weeks in advance. When we arrived they gave us the one table that is not really part of the dining room, but rather in the corner right next to the door to the kitchen that the staff keeps walking through. I politely asked the hostess for a different table (even playing the wedding anniversary card, and explaining I had reserved well it advance). Instead of finding me another table, or asking us if we didn't mind waiting until another table would free up, she just flat out refused without even looking around the room; so we just left and went elsewhere.
2	Nothing like the food at Tapas 24 in Barcelona.We were at tapas 24 yesterday for Barcelona chef Carles Abellan.Service: Very poor. No water. The sommelier removed our glass of wine when empty without even offering another glass or bottle...(We had planned for another bottle but when we were able to talk to someone, we were done eating)Seems like the staff was inexperienced.Entire service was rushed as if they wanted us out for a specific time.(2nd service)Food: ok but expensive for what we had. Nothing fabulous. Paella extremely saltyAtmosphere: good! Nice restaurant.
3	This place is a good venue if you're celebrating a birthday with friends. Great decor and lively ambiance. While there was potential with the patatas bravas, the foie gras mini burger and the paella rice, the rest of the menu is a pale imitation of any Barcelona tapas bar. All the seafood and ceviche without excpetion were underseasoned. Wine selection was fair.
5	I'm not sure if the individuals giving negative reviews were there when it first opened four months ago, but my boyfriend and I vehemently disagree with them. We were there tonight, and sat at the bar. Not only was the food amazing, the product knowledge of the staff was incredible, Danny was our bartender, and handled all of our questions easily and with passion. We had the oysters with ponzu and caviar, and the grilled cheese with iberian ham and truffle puree, the grilled cheese was so good that we ordered two more, and they were equally delicious. We highly recommend this excellent restaurant to everyone, and we will revisit it every time that we are in Montreal.
4	A year ago I heard about how Chef Carles Abellan and his Tapas 24 concept was coming to Montreal. I didn't get a chance to visit any of his restaurants while in Spain so the notion of trying his cuisine at home was quite appealing. Finally, for the occasion of my grandfather's birthday, I found a good reason to head over.Being a restaurant in Old Montreal, Tapas 24 certainly tries to make a impressive visually. With the front of the restaurant being entirely windowed, the major use of natural coloured wood on the walls and at the first floor bar makes the whole restaurant pop from the outside. The noise level was relatively loud but nothing abnormal for an Old Montreal restaurant. The service was pretty good for us throughout the night unlike some of what you can read elsewhere so I guess this can be hit or miss. In our case, we had absolutely no complaints.Foodwise, we had originally planned to go for the MTL a table menu but decided instead to simply order from the regular menu and share everything in order to enjoy a greater variety of dishes. These are the perks of being a larger group in this instance. First up, a few staple items of Spanish tapas. There was the Coca con Tomato. Simple but oh so good. We then had the Iberian chorizo - freshly sliced and a perfect compliment to the bread dish. A spicy kick on top of the usual fattiness. The last of the staple trio was the patatas bravas. The fries themselves were nice and crispy but the key was the combination between the heat of the brava sauce and the creaminess of the aioli. These were so good that we had 3 separate orders over the course of the evening!The next set of dish were a little more unique. First up, la bomb de Barceloneta - a potato and meat croquette topped with the same aioli and brava sauce as before. Pretty good overall. Each individual croquette was rather big - lots of potato and meat stuffed inside. Great crunch on the outside without losing any moisture inside.Next up were the garlic shrimps with hot peppers. A solid dish but one that, compared to the rest, lacked any real punch or spark. Enough so that I even forgot to take a picture, so there you go. We also have the strangely named Bikini Comerc 24 which essentially are mini grilled sandwiches of tramezzini, Iberian ham, mozzarella di buffalo and truffles. Extremely delicious - the combination of iberian ham and cheese is always a winner... and that is even before we add the truffles. The only complaints are these were how small they were.The tuna with ponzu sauce was a hit at our table. The tuna was beautiful - nice sized pieces well seasoned also. The ponzu added a nice hint of citrus to mix with the sweetness of the tomato. A light but well executed dish.Next were the boneless chicken wings with alegre sauce. Here, my camera failed me due to poor lighting but take my word for it, they are worth ordering next time you visit. The chicken was wonderfully moist and tender - simply fell apart using a fork. Great dish.The final main tapas was actually a main that we added - oxtail stew with potato puree. The oxtail was amazing. The meat and fat was so cooked down that the two bones in the plate appeared to have never had any meat on them once we pulled the meat off them. Beautifully meaty and fatty goodness.Now, after all of the food, we may think that we were too full for dessert... and you would be wrong. There is always room for dessert, especially these ones. We went with three to share amongst the group. First, we had the molten chocolate fritters. Hot dark chocolate in a fried ball with some powdered sugar... what is there not to like!? They may be too tart for some as it is dark chocolate but delicious nevertheless.The second option was fresh ricotta and honey- a huge contrast when compared to the previous dish. Personally I loved the combination - a fresh and light alternative to standard dessert options. The sweetness of the honey worked very well with the creaminess of the ricotta. May not be everyone's jam from a texture point of view but it worked for me.Lastly, we have in my opinion the best of the group - chocolate, bread, olive oil and fleur de sel. Milk chocolate mousse with a hint of olive oil, a touch of salt and a crunchy crouton. Simple but so wonderful in execution. Loved every bit of this one.All in all, with all the food and a few good bottles of wine, we left full and very satisfied of our experience at Tapas 24. The one stickler would be price point as this definitely wasn't a cheap evening. Be prepared to pay more than you probably expect. I saw a lot of negative reviews for this restaurant early on... other than the overpriced issue, I experienced none of what others have apparently faced here. In my eyes, Tapas 24 is definitely a worthwhile visit. It may not be Barcelona but I'll take it. I suppose that your mileage may vary however.Cheers!
5	So I'd say 4.5 is more accurate, but overall great food, great atmosphere, and great serviceI saw the negative reviews, so was reluctant to try it. Keep in mind I've never been to Barcelona location. After arriving, to my surprise it was packed. Very trendy and hip kind of place. Kind of reminds me of a LA or Manhattan kind of vibeI came for the MAT special, and crazy amounts of food for the price. It's really more like for 2 than for 1.Best dish was the cod with the croquettes a close 2ndIf your used to tapas, the size may be bigger than your expecting
4	El Velodromo is my favorite in Barcelona and many things here taste exactly like they should.  My favorite dish there is huevos estrallados which they have and prepare really well!!!   The wine list is great and cheap for mtl.  But there are some problems.  There were at least 30 minutes before our first and second round of tapas and we were trying to make a show.  We had to RUN to our show.  The menu is not nearly as extensive as Barcelona - but if you want good Catalan tapas in North America this is a good option.  I imagine the kitchen will solve its timing kinks.
1	Where does one begin with this place? It's almost as though they went out of their way to screw up as much as possible. These people are not only incompetent but apathetic too which just adds insult to injury.The service was a fiasco. The food was an absolute let down compared to any tapas you'd get in Barcelona. The portions tiny and the prices audacious considering the almost comical nature of the lack of service and attention. After several mistakes, delayed and haphazard delivery of dishes, wine poured into a glass that was already half full of a different wine etc. management made no effort to offer any kind of concession or even express the slightest concern for our dissatisfaction. We were a very undemanding and reasonable group of people who were just pushed to the brink after a series of disappointments.This place sells image and pretense- they don't know tapas and they're not particularly concerned with what you think either. They are banking on the herd mentality and hoping you're too distracted with your date to notice the level of indifference and disorganization. All that money in decor and location while negating the most crucial aspects of running a successful restaurant won't be enough to salvage Abellan's name. If they stay open be sure it is not a testament to the quality of the restaurant but to the undiscriminating and inexperienced clientele. Shame on management. Get rid of the pretentious children who don't know the first thing about dealing with customers and put some professionals in there.
5	The food was delicious!    Each dish was rich in it's own vibrant flavor.   Cozy with dim lighting.   Great for groups or for a date.   Loved the music playing in the background.
4	Great place for good food n great music. Dimly lit nice atmosphere , the staff are very friendly and courteous to tourists , even help us to Ina a place to hang out after we ate ... Great food, good service and fantastic music !!!!!
