5	Everyone I talked with was friendly and helpful. The wait was short. The care was kind and caring. The process was easy. The parking lot was pretty full so make sure to leave enough time to possibly wait for a spot. Lovely facility.*note for OB/GYN care at this facility: midwives are not allowed. I hear this is not the place to go for a natural childbirth. Although as far as OB/GYNs go, I've found one of the kindest physicians I can imagine here.
4	I've had great experiences at this hospital. The lines are never very long, and the facility is clean. It doesn't even have that creepy hospital smell. I've also found the staff to be really friendly and helpful. I've had some kind of awful experiences at CMC, especially the ones in the heart of town, but Presbyterian is a wonderful alternative for whatever emergencies occur.
3	Unlike the main campus near downtown, this facility is actually very nice.  And they are generally pretty competent, and almost always well-staffed.  I'll also say that the emergency room is typically slow as molasses, unless you have a life-threatening situation, however.Perhaps those who have seen short lines have a more serious complication than we did, and I'll also say that everyone has been very nice during the process, but it's not unusual to have to wait for a very long time if you aren't bleeding profusely or about to have some serious complication.  Still, it's better to do it here than at the main campus.
4	No one ever likes going to a hospital [in my opinion]... it's usually of necessity, but I'm glad this one is close by in Matthews.  Had a recent visit to the ER late at night for one of my family members here so I spent a lot of time in the waiting room.  Luckily it was just a gash that needed stitches.... but based on my family member's experience this is a good place to go.  The doctors were very nice and thorough.Most of my experience was in the waiting room, which was kept clean... but had public access cable on the tv (strange, but I guess it was late night anyway).
4	I really did not plan on writing this review as soon as this but it was inevitable after the folks at CMC - Pineville, just did not have a clue.2 Emergency room visits later, I had enough of the lack of knowledge and concern for the patient, we had no other choice but to give these folks a try.We made an emergency room visit approx midnight.....unlike the CMC experience our wait time was only an hour.I will provide a timeline for the events:Arrived approx 12:15 am - signed in.I took 2 pictures of the lobby, which is very nice, spacious, and I noticed that every table had a package of Kleenex. I took a small tour of the lobby in a quest to locate the drink machine.  Unfortunately, the soda machine, was out of order, however I did notice the most unusual vending machine I have ever seen.  It was a Tombstone Pizza Vending Machine. (I have added a picture, but it also was not working)  Imagine that, they serve a pizza in a vending machine that actually cooks itself and comes out smoking hot. ( I have to imagine it, because it was not working and it did not have the prices listed)  Would be kinda cool to have one, even just for the heck of it.(kinda star trekkish)Approx 1:00 am my daughter was taken back into the patients room.Dr came in, having a few test done that should have been done at CMC- PinevilleIts 2:47 am now, had a few more tests done, and appears that we are still a few hours ahead  of the "competition".  I feel like this should have been the first place we visited.It is now 6am - just getting out of the hospital. overall a lot more care, attention, and service come to mind when evaluating this visit.  The staff was very friendly, and the doctors took a lot more test to decipher the issue, instead of just prescribing medication.NCFoodGuy
4	Unfortunately, no one likes being at the hospital for any reason other than maybe a quick check-up or some volunteer work.If you are needing to stay at a hospital, this one is a good option.  It tends to be a bit busy (unfortunately) but had a pretty decent experience here the last week or so after my mom had to spend a couple days being monitored.The nurses and doctors were very nice... with exception to one... let's just call her "eccentric"  but it was okay in the end.  The room was modern and clean and there was a window seat that let someone sleep in the room while having to stay in there.Granted I plan on not going back here in the near future, but definitely a good option for Matthews residents and the surround... not having to drive downtown for any area hospital.
3	I was there a few months ago in the middle of the night for a broken elbow and spent 4 hours there. The experience was mostly good. The intake nurse was rushed but ok and the nurses I dealt with after being taken back were kind and empathetic. It's clear everyone there is overworked and rushed, which is of course, not their fault. The tech ladies were nice and sympathetic. However, I had to wait 1 hr (at 3am mind you, so I'm kinda over this at this pt, lol) for the head nurse to give the "Ok" on the bandage used to wrap my arm. I do understand policy and wasn't upset about that, but the nurse who came in who was apparently "the best" at wrapping arms, grumbled the entire time about the bureaucracy of the system and asked me what she was supposed to do to my arm. Seriously. I said, "welp, I broke my left elbow, beyond that I'm unsure what you're supposed to do..." She then busted out a mini cheat sheet for HOW TO WRAP and mumbled several times, "what am I supposed to do?" She then went on to complain about how she only had cheap equipment to work with and that it sucked. As someone who was in physical pain, this person was not helpful or reassuring, and frankly unprofessional. Aside from her, the experience was "ok." The place was reasonably clean.
5	I've been to PHM several times and every time I received the same compassionate care.  We are so fortunate to have such a great hospital in Matthews.
1	This ER is HORRIBLE! I'd give it negative 5 stars if I could. My daughter had a weird episode of high blood pressure, dizziness and chest pain while at cheer practice, she's 10 and very fit. I brought her at 8pm on a Monday night. It took 4 and 1/2 hours before a doctor saw her. That is ridiculous! The staff was unfriendly, not helpful & just horrible. I wouldn't come here again if my life depended on it...literally!!
5	As new grandparents we would like to offer our heartfelt thanks and appreciation to the wonderful caring maternity staff for the safe arrival of a beautiful long awaited grandchild.From entering the hospital to coming home our daughter  was treated with kindness and experienced  excellent care  from Doctors, Nurses and Housekeeping.The premises inside and out were a credit to all concerned.We are fortunate in Matthews to have such high class facilities.I was tempted to stand by the pianist in the lobby and sing so loud they could hear me in Pineville. Maybe next time.
