4	This place is pretty reasonable.  Manicures are $10, Spa pedicures $18, for french tips (just the painting, not the fake type) add $5.There is usually no wait and they are quite efficient.  The paint job they do is pretty good too.  I suggest waiting a little longer than they tell you for your nails to dry - but I think that's a continual problem.Every time I have gone in the place is always clean.  It's nothing fancy inside, but that's not what matters.  I'd suggest it if you're looking for a place to stop in and get your nails done!
5	I usually call ahead and am always told to come right  over. I never have to wait. Everyone is very friendly and the male manager does the best pedicure and french. Spa pedicures are $18 with $5 extra for french.  The polish usually lasts until your next pedi (which for me is 4-6 weeks).
5	They are so welcoming! They did an amazing job on my pedicure. I work on my feet all day and needed a pedi really bad. They hooked me up very well. I would definitely recommend this nail shop to everyone. The only downfall they have is not enough coverage. It is a longer wait but it's worth it in the end!!
4	They're very nice and do a good job! The only thing is we showed up at 4 and since there were not enough workers they told us to leave and come back, I thought that wasn't very good customer service.
5	This place was fabulous. I had a manicure and a pedicure. They took their time, and that never happens now a days. I will recommend this place to all of my family and friends. :)The gentleman (manicure) gave me tips on how to keep my nails and skin healthy which was very much appreciated. I do not have my nails done as often as I should. So, anything I can do in between trips to the salon is great!The woman did a wonderful job on my pedicure. The French tips look amazing just like she promised considering I have one of my big toenails growing back in. I'll be back!!!
2	This place was not great.  They weren't busy so I got in right away, but that's about it.  The towels used were dingy and had holes in them.  The place looked and felt dirty. When the guy was cleaning my toes, he would wipe his tools on my feet instead of the towel. I wasn't impressed and will continue looking for a good spot near my house (have a great one near my office).
