1	I live in Denver and have a home in Suprise, AZ that I hired Northpoint to manage for me.  At first, my contact there was great but she left and they transferred me to a man (Shaun R) who I was not happy with.  My renter moved out June 30th and has been vacant ever since.  They claimed that they listed the house on a number of rental websites but I could not find it on any of them when I looked.  In addition, I thought maybe our house was priced too high (thus why it did not rent for 3 full months).  When I asked Shaun about the websites he told me Northpoint has an autogenerator that reposts the ads every few days but I still couldn't find them.  He ignored my question about rental prices all together.  After 3 months of feeling ignored (and having my house vacant) and two consecutive weeks of no email responses from Shaun, I called the office and complained to the manager.  I was assured that they would look into it and either the manager or the company VP would return my call.  Needless to say, neither one did.  Approximately two weeks later I got an email from Shaun saying that Northpoint was no longer going to service my area where should they send the keys.  So, three months of lost income, exceedingly crappy service from my contact and the manager of the Phoenix office, and then dropped.  After getting a new property manager, I've since learned that the carpet was not cleaned when the tenant moved out (there were food and other gross stains on it), the tenant left a non-working fridge in the garage that I had to pay to have removed and there had been homeless people living in the backyard since shortly after the house was vacated.  Very, very unimpressive.  I also have other rental properties and have never had service this bad.
1	I would have given Northpoint negative stars if it was possible.I wished have reviewed Anne H. posting before signing up with Northpoint. What she experienced was a tip-of-an-iceberg compare to us. We have similar experiences as Anne and more. Our company resides outside Arizona and have many homes Phoenix metropolitan area. We hired Northpoint based on their website claims and telephone interviews, which they made many promises. Good sales, but worst execution. - Extremely unorganized. Every properties we have ended up with tenant problems, extensive repairs, un-reconcilable charges, unjustified charges, and/or falsified issues. Yes, they falsified claims, invoices, and correspondences.- They lied to us constantly. We only found out after months of probing their claims.- They falsified repairs with duplicate invoices of SAME NUMBERS and SAME PROPERTIES (plural intended) and charge us month-over-month. Only after we questioned them, they removed some of the charges.- They failed to disclose that they were using their own employees to conduct repairs. Hence, constant repairs and claims were experienced by us. Of course they over-charged us as well. Worst yet, they would falsify claims, repairs, and created invoices, and charge us. We caught them do it.- In the aftermath, we found many repairs that Northpoint claimed were created to keep  their  repair crew busy.- Due to these falsified repairs and claims, they were having hard time producing proper records that we need for our bookkeeping. Months have passed since we terminated them. They still were unable to produce records for our bookkeeping.There were so many illegal and/or unethical practices by them, we finally gave up using them. We lost thousands of dollars using them. We would have filed a claim against them if the lost (time and money) justifies it. Just like Anne, we also have many rental properties in Phoenix and other states. We had some bad experiences with some property managers, but this is beyond words. We have never experienced this type of negligent and crooked practices.DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY FOR YOUR PROPERTY NEEDS. YOU WILL REGRET IT.
5	Shaun is my go-to guy whenever repairs are needed at my rental property. Because I don't live in the same city where my rental unit is located, I usually need to review options/repairs in a minimal amount of time. Since he has so many relationships with different vendors in the area, we can often find the best price to get my house in tip-top shape quickly.
