5	I have been going here for like 10 years and have never had a bad experience.  I see dr. Barb and she is very caring and you can tell she loves helping make you feel better.  The receptionists are always very nice and helpful.
5	I love this place! I have been able to get into them the same day every single time. They have appointments in the morning and evening. Prescriptions and tests are easy. They send them electronically so I do not have to carry all that paper. I have never waited more than 5 minutes to be seen. I am never rushed. I asked that I not be called in for an appointment for test results unless it is serious and cannot be told over the phone. They have accommodated that request every time. The first time they called with tests results and asked me to come in. I did. I let them know my preference again, concerned they would not accommodate, but she promptly apologized, and this has not been an issue since. The only reason it happened that time was lack of communication. The nurse had been so prompt at reaching me that the doc had not yet had the chance to tell her I could be told over the phone. I was impressed that this was the reason. They obviously care. Everyone smiles and laughs with me. They even joke once they realize they can joke with me. It feels fun, friendly, and kind of caring like family. I hope they stick around. I have been looking for a good doctor, and I think I have found one here. If you see a review I wrote about another practice in Maricopa, you will understand this next part better. I had a bad experience with the other practice. I left there and came here. Renaissance was wonderful. They saw us same day and quickly. There was no hassle at all!
5	I have been seeing these Dr's for years now.  I was tired of feeling like a number at my old Dr's office.  They are warm freindly and were very helpful when i got diagnosed with cancer.  Barb sat down and talked to me answered all my questions.  She made sure I was in a good place.  I took my husband in with me a few weeks ago and he was so impressed with the level of attention that he is switching.
1	After being a long time patient of this practice I felt I needed to write a review.  The doctors and PA's treat us like a number.  There is no real concern or care.  The office staff at first was great but they have gotten progressively worse.  It is very difficult to get information from them or to create any dialogue outside of making a doctor appointment. I am very disappointed.  If you are shopping for a doctor keep on shopping.
5	This office is amazing! I have complete confidence in everyone in the office to take care of me and my family's needs. They are very thorough and patient with me and answer all my question and concerns that I have. I see Barb but would see anyone if she was not available.
5	I've definitely tried my fair share of doctors, and this office is by far one of the best I've been to. Minimal wait times, caring and informative doctors, and the front desk ladies are nice too!
5	I have been a patient of this Medical Group for over  10 years.   The doctors and PA's are the best anywhere.   I had a heart problem diagnosed due to the PA remembering that heart issues were in my family.  It was all taken care of within one month.I am ever so grateful.  I think they are the best and would not go anywhere else.
5	They are not taking new patients.  :(
5	They are accepting new patients now and I had my first appnt.  They were kind, on time, got me in within 1 day, very thorough, really took the time to listen and address all health concerns.  I'm so pleased to have such a wonderful family practice to care for my family in Chandler now.
5	I've been a patient here for over a year now, and I've never seen a medical practice go as far as Renaissance goes to make their patients happy. Dr. Carroll and Dr. Regis are great! Very compassionate, knowledgable, and they will go the extra distance to do right by their patients.If you're looking for a new doctor, call Renaissance. They will take care of you!
