4	I actually find myself driving out to this BJs instead of going to the one in Chandler. It's more of a trek, but I don't have to deal with crappy mall parking.Ok, this one is next to a PF Chang's (don't get me started on that...I HATE that place), Chipotle, Red Robin and a very defunct Krispy Kreme (*cries*...maybe it's best that it's closed).The reason I always go to this BJs is...the salad. The BJs at the Chandler Mall makes me angry. Very angry. If I am going to fork (no pun intended) over $10+ for a salad, you had damn well better give me more friggin lettuce. I've been to the one in Chandler a few times and will write a review on their beer.I'm also a fan of their regular pub fare-ish food - burgers, chicken wings, fries, etc.But it's their salads that keep me coming back. I'm a huge lover of their Garden Medley with grilled chicken and Field of Greens.This BJ's can't go wrong!
1	What the h*ll?We had just finished up a conference in the Mesa area and with few dining options available at 11:00 pm, other than Denny's, and that was NOT going to happen, we opted for BJ's Brew House.  As a adamant hater of chain restaurants, I did not have high expectations of this establishment and, well, still don't.  Yes, it's cheap, the food offerings mediocre and boring and the service disinterested, but when the choices are between Denny's and BJ's, I'll opt to fast for the evening next time.  Really, it is a small wonder why those who live in the suburbs are so overweight with so few healthy dining options.
2	They can't seem to get anything right.  Even dessert, a pizzokie they screwed up.  Then it took 15 minutes to get the correct dessert out!  Poor service, way too long of a wait for food, drinks and refills.  Go elsewhere, you'll be happier.
4	Well, wow this place is getting slammed!!! maybe rightfully so, but I have never had a problem with their desserts, my girlfriend and I will sometimes go there just for dessert and that is it. We ate there once and they did take a few more minutes than I thought they should have, but wouldn't stop me from going back again.
2	This place does not need to exist.Period.
5	BJ's is one of my favorite restaurants in the east valley (and I'm shocked to read the negative reviews done before mine). Over the last 2 years, I've probably been there for a few dozen visits with my biggest complaint being that they are extremely busy during your common weekend meal hours. The servers have always been more than attentive and will even offer free samples of their made-in-house microbrews if you seem unsure of your beer selection. Personally, I get excited each fall for their seasonal selection called "nitwit"- it's a wheat beer, similar to a hef, with a hint of orange just gives it a unique coloring and taste. They have many options for meals, with some of my favorites being their salads (very large size, I have yet to finish one), their baked potatoes (over a pound, then stuffed with your favorites), chicago-style stuffed pizza, and signaure sandwiches (the crispy chicken is my favorite, by far). And, of course, you can't pass up dessert at BJ's- they have pizzookies. For anyone who might not have already been introduced, a pizzookie is a big cookie (in a personal pizza sized pan), baked to be slightly gooey with a couple scoops of ice cream on top.
3	On our way out the the mall we were trying to decide where to stop and eat when we spotted this place and decided to stop in and check it out. They were pretty busy but we found a both in the bar area with no problems. Nice open space in the restaurant but it does get pretty loud. I had the Parmesan crusted chicken which came with cheddar mashed potatoes and broccoli and my boyfriend had the french dip with fries. His french dip was good, nothing special about it. My chicken was good although the mashed potatoes could have been creamier and I could have used some more of the lemon Chardonnay butter sauce with my chicken, but overall the meal was good. Didn't have enough room for dessert, maybe next time.
3	My brother taught me a very valuable lesson. When you don't want to take the left overs home with you but you don't want to be rude, ask for a box and then "forget" the box on the table. There's a chance they'll run after you; there's a chance you'll escape free of leftovers. Thankfully, I escaped. What did I leave behind? Their meatloaf. It wasn't the actual meatloaf that was gross. It was the gross sauce they drowned it in. Seriously, it was nasty. I ate one piece of the loaf and gave up, my stomach grouchy from the determined attempt to eat. The veggies were great, as were their mashed potatoes. But the main course, the meat and its loaf, were not. Too bad, for that's what I wanted to like so badly.What I did like was their nut brown beer. It's the only one I can tell that's worth ordering. Don't bother with their porter. Ick. BJ's could be a cool place to watch a game, if you don't get distracted by all the other TV's with different games on. I watched Superbowl highlights, a Suns game and a KU game all at the same time. This might've been overwhelming, if I were normal and didn't suffer from ADHD. (I kid...I think)Anyway, don't come for the food. Most of it is topped with fried onion rings. Don't believe me? Take a look at the menu. Even the salads are tainted.
3	A group of us went during the work day in between meetings. We were a group of 6 and were quickly seated in a very comfortable booth. It was 11:45 and busy so the getting a large booth right away was nice. Very pleasing ambience, and yummy smells were noticeable on the way to our booth. Our waiter was nice, but a little condescending. We ordered drinks, and he eventually got it right. Our food came and all were satisfied! I had the fish tacos and they were divine with a little avocado and salsa on the side. Very ,very nice, and very ,very tasty. Others had the giant stuffed potato-they were giant, and loved them. The 2 salads that arrived were so fresh and crisp. The people that ate them said they were delish. It took a little while to get our bill, and then to get the change. At lunch, I'd like to see that happen a little faster as we were almost late back to work. All in all, a nice experience with really good food.
5	BJ's is one of my favorite places to eat.  Their pizza, sandwiches, and pasta dishes are all awesome.  The drink selection is great.  I've never had bad service here.
2	why does bj's leave me cold ???? they have a cool name.....they have beer.......i had a hefe the other day I guess it's there version  it was cold  and flavorless like water. There apps are decent and we have had lunch there before it was good sometimes the service is good other times just mediocre ........oh bj's I may return someday but your not high on my list
5	Loved it!  This was my first time to this location and they did not let me down.  If you ever go here - GET THE avocado egg rolls!!  WOW amazing, and they give you this sauce that is like candy.  My niece went with me and she does not like to try anything so I got to eat all them suckers by myself!!!  haha..I had the sliders and wedge fries and there was so much food I had lunch to bring home to my wife too.  Great service and friendly cool environment!  I will be back to try other stuff - their pasta looked delish so I wanna try that!!
3	Hey, a restaurant that sells food and brews their own beer. What a novel concept! Not. BJ's is a chain and they do pretty good by their patrons. I can never go to a restaurant that serves fish and chips and not order it, so that's all I've ever had at BJ's. It pales in comparison to places that fry fresh fish, but it's passable.The beers are decent. Then again, so is Newcastle and Blue Moon and Bud that you can get on tap anywhere. The real opportunity for BJ's is to put together interesting pairings and make it a real brewhouse. They do have pairings suggested in their menu, but most of them fall flat. A blonde ale with fish and chips? No, sir. I don't care that you breaded the fish with the same ale. Do you think your average Brit would be caught dead drinking "blonde ale", with or without fish and chips? Hells no. Stouts and porters, man.It would be better if the waitstaff were a bit hip to the beers and could speak about them intelligently. As it is, they can regurgitate what's already written in the menu and that's about it. Most of them clearly have not even tried all the beers served there. That should be Day 1 of new hire training at BJ's. Get sloshed and take a cab home. They need a sommelier, except for beer. Does that exist?
5	BJs food is always worth the wait. Our server wasn't excellent, but the food was hot and tasty. I had the chips n salsa to start. Love their salsa and the chips are thick, warm, and crunchy. I think they are made from tortillas instead of actual chips. The chicken tenders were very juicy and cooked just right. My husband had the peperoni mini deep dish, his favorite, and the broccoli cheddar soup. The pizzas speak for themselves, always thick and crunchy on the outside, warm and chewy on the inside. The soup was thick and creamy, good consistency. Match it with the Pale Ale and you've got quite the meal :)
1	Ahh BJ's... 6 months ago you were one of my favorites in the East Valley. Now, not so much. In fact, I may never go back. Always enjoyed the atmosphere which has not changed, usually the wait staff is competant, but the food was always great.  Good portions and quality ingredients, but not anymore. Server was very mechanical and short. Since others bring the food, what else dies she have to do except check on us and keep our drinks filled? Sad.We ordered the Italian Market Salad which we usually split. It used to be a very finely chopped mountain of lettuce with great veggies, Garbanzo beans, cheese, meat etc. Now it has a small handful of white, droopy iceberg lettuce, tons of dressing and lots of white cheese balls. I could not finish my half (I was starving buy it was too gross) so we quickly paid and left. At this point even Taco Bell or Chipotle sounded good!  So sad..
2	They are getting 2 stars only because the beer was decent. The food was okay, but the service was absolutely horrible.
2	A little behind on my reviews.... Went here for lunch on 5/5/10. This was a lunch with family/friends. We were there at about 11:30. Only a few other tables were occupied. We were seated pretty quickly. Then had to wait about 5-10 minutes before waitress showed up. Another 5 minutes to return with simple soda and lemonade orders. Lunch orders included two salads, chicken tenders and fries, chicken sandwich and fries, angel hair pasta dish, and personal deep dish pizza. Salads are a Little hard to screw up. Pizza was only warm. Some bites tasted like not yet cooked yet. Both orders with fries, the fries were cold as well as the pasta dish. Of course, waitress never came back to check on our orders after a few minutes. So probably 10-15 minutes went by before she came visible to waiver her over. When we told her food was cold, she was clearly confused and unsure what to do. She said she would be back in a minute. Manager too sounded confused and surprised... "Don't know why food would be cold?" He offered to bring out new order of fries, which he did fairly quickly.. No offer to discount meal ticket, no offer of free dessert, just apology and fresh basket of fries... Would love to go back to this place to try the beer and maybe appetizers. Being a huge beer drinker, would love to try the different brews. The appetizer menu looked pretty good too. I realize that any place can have a bad day. But first impressions are critical. Especially for food and restaurants. This will not be a place I would consider again unless the timing for Happy Hour presents itself...
4	We don't eat at many national chain restaurants.  But when we do, we prefer BJ's.
4	We've been going to BJ's for years. Since the first on opened in AZ. This one just happens to be a little closer to where we live now so we go to this one more often than not.There is some good and some bad here. Good: The food is usually pretty solid. Havent really had anything here that I was unhappy with. The menu is huge so if you come with a med-large party, theres going to be something for everyone. They have a good selection of beer and a full bar. They have a great Raspberry Cider that my wife loves! The bar area is great for happy hour and a game.Bad: They call this a brewery...and it isnt. Its a restaurant that serves beer that the OTHER BJ's makes. This might not matter to you but it does to me. Weak! Because they're not an actual brewery, their liquor license is different and they cant fill the BJ's growler that I bought. Oh well, I'll use it to hold my change and I'll get my other growlers filled at real breweries. We've also experienced "Dirty Lines" here before. They should have their beer lines cleaned more often or more thoroughly or both. Best part of the menu: Do not leave without having the Pizookie for dessert. It is one of the best things you can put in your mouth!
2	I had almost forgot I tried BJ's when I first moved to the valley some 8 years ago and was not impressed. Although the atmosphere was good the food just did not match. I did not return until yesterday when a coworkers birthday came up and so off to BJ's I go. I was really hoping after all this time maybe I misjudged this place. I have to say that the service was excellent. Our waiter, although very busy on a Friday afternoon, was attentive and friendly. The first misstep was when I unwrapped my silverware and one of my forks had dried food stuck to it, gross. Oh well this can happen I guess so I order a chicken sandwich with a wedge salad and side of shoestring frys. The blue cheese dressing on my salad was runny and tasted sour. The sandwich was OK and my frys were cold. So overall it was a fail, I guess I will give BJ's another 8 years and try again.
5	I've been to this BJ's many times and I have gotten great service & food every time.  They often have a wait to get a seat which is never a problem because it is never really long, they get you sat pretty quickly.  Clean restrooms and restaurant overall very sanitary (one little pet peeve).  The management team is also very helpful to their employees and are constantly walking around to make sure everything is going well.  The bussers are right on taking plates and breaking down the tables and the food runners are quick and like assisting
5	I have visited this location many times and the food and service is always excellent. I have only ever ordered their Buffalo Chicken Pizza but the company I have visited with have ordered their salads and they said they were great! Plus you get plenty of food for your money. For an added bonus their pizookie's are awesome!
4	The first time I went here years ago, I did not like it. I would not recommend their pasta dishes. However, the pizza's, salads, and sandwiches are all fantastic. The pozookies are one of the best desserts around! Service is always good, atmosphere is great! The Santa Fe salad and the Italian chopped salad are great choices and huge.
4	BJ's is a chain, but as far as chains go, they are better than most.  They have a huge menu, and I've never had a bad meal.  My favorites are the flat bread pizzas, bread bowl soups, and the sandwiches.  The large selection continues with the beer, including a BJ's "brand".  I'm not sure where they are brewed, but it is not on the premises.  Some are better than others, and I prefer the Nutty Brewnette and the porter.I've never had a real problem with the service, but with any chain it can be hit or miss.  Also, they are often very busy, especially Friday and Saturday nights, and you may experience slightly slower service due to the volume of patrons.  To avoid the wait time to be seated, you can call ahead and they will put your name on the seating list.The happy hour is excellent, 3-7 on weekdays, cheap-er appetizers that are all pretty solid, and discounted BJ's beer.  The only problem is that you have to sit in the bar area, which can fill up quickly.The take out service is very good, which is a plus since the restaurant can be so busy.  Little touches go a long way such as keeping warm food warm, not adding fries to the order until you arrive, and keeping the soup in a separate container from the bread bowl so you can combine them when you are ready to eat.  They also go over your entire order to ensure that it is exactly what you asked for.
2	BJ's...what has happened to you?I always thought you were above average, but today was a terrible experience.  We arrived after the regular lunch crowd and had to take a buzze and waitr.  At least half of the tables were empty, so we assumed maybe some of the staff had called in sick.We waited almost 20 minutes and were finallly buzzed.  Our waiter was way out in lala land.  He took our drink orders and brought have of them and then told the rest of us, "I had forgot what your ordered."  We both ordered...ice tea!  He was very unattentive.  We had to get up and find our own napkins and flatware.  After a hamburger was brought, we had to find our own ketchup and mustard.  We were brought wrong orders and were never offered refills on our drinks.We were very disappointed in our service and the food was just OK.
4	Overall this was a pleasant dining experience.  The staff was friendly and frequently checked on us to make sure we were taken care of.  The establishment is clean and had a very casual, relaxed feel.Our party of four were able to share a single large pizza, which tasted very good.  Although the meal was somewhat heavy, that's what you get when you order gormet pizza.  Okay, onto dessert: we ordered a Pizookie.  It's a cookie baked in a large dish with ice cream on top and it was delicious!  Eating here wasn't the healthiest choice but it sure was satisfying.  Would I eat here again?  Yes!  Will I go to the gym afterward?  Yes!
3	The interior is impressive and this might be great place to watch a game and grab a brew. However, the food quality is less than impressive. I will not come here again to dine. It is a waste of money for the bland please-everyone generic style of food they serve. No surprise that the menu has everything from salmon to corn dogs to spaghetti.
2	I've been there with my wife 3 times in the past 5 months. Every time we go, the food is amazing, however the service has been unsatisfactory all 3 times as well. They really need to improve their service. We went there tonight at 8pm and the service was acting as though it was 3am...like he was tired and just didn't care.
5	One of my local favorites.  Avocado rolls are delicious and the selection of micro-brews should satisfy any beer aficionado's taste.  Love the atmosphere and the service is generally top notch.  (We had one experience where a waitress in the bar/booth section could have used a little more training is customer service and attentiveness)Food selection and quality/taste was superb.  If you time it during their lunch specials and/or happy hours you can save some money.
4	Pizookie!
2	Pretty middling.  The Black and Bleu burger was a respectable middle-tier burger.  It came with "seasoned fries," but I'm pretty sure the only thing on them was salt.  I guess salt is technically a seasoning...I had their on-tap root beer, which they tout as having a slight toffee and vanilla taste.  I would've liked to taste more toffee (hardly noticeable) and less vanilla.  I'm not a fan of vanilla; it makes a root beer taste a little too weak.  Give me more sassafras, maybe a touch more wintergreen, and drop the vanilla.  Overall, it's not a bad meal for the money, but it's pretty unspectacular.  I guess you can't expect a whole lot from a pizza chain...
5	Never had a bad meal here.  The selection is great and the drink menu is much, much, much improved!
3	Elizabeth and I came over to BJ's after being thoroughly disgusted with PF Chang's next door... BJ has pretty good food, fairly good service and they seated us right away... There is not much that i would consider exceptional about BJ's except perhaps their extensive menu and the variety of choices provided.  There are plenty of Televisions and the selection of beer is great.  All in all "A-OK" is a bulls eye for rating this establishment... I had the Bleu Burger and it was very good.  My wife had the Miso Salmon over Japanese rice and she really liked her meal a lot.  The refills are sparse and you prctically have to throw a fit to get a glass of water, but this restaurant is a safe bet for a good meal at a fair price.
5	Great food and beer are a great combo!!Best chicken dish I have ever had is their parm crusted chicken!! Caesar salad is always fresh and huge portionPair it with a Piranha Ale!!We go atleast once a month!
4	A friend recommended this place to me I went in for lunch and had the fish tacos which you can have grilled or fried i had fried and it was delicious they had a number of dishes for lunch I will recommend this place to everyone the atmosphere is nice
4	I had dinner here a couple of weeks ago and it was good. Service was fine, food portions were huge, nice selection of drinks and food! My friend ordered a side salad that she returned because it tasted like the refrigerator.  Overall, the place was pretty good.
1	Cool concept and good customer service, but for the prices the food is not tastey.  My brothers chicken was dry and my salmon had no flavor.
4	BJ's is a regular haunt for my husband and I.  They have great selections of beer.  My favorite is the PM Porter.  The food is consistently good and they have an extensive menu.  My favorite is the shrimp tacos and my husband loves the french dip, their pizzas are also very good.  We always sit in the bar section, that eliminates the children, which can be noisy if you end up getting a table next to them.  The atmosphere is great, and the bar area has TV's with current sporting events playing.The only downside is that the service isn't always great.  Also, I've witness the staff using the parking spots in the front for themselves.  This says to me the restaurant is poorly managed.  Fix that and you'd probably have a 5 star restaurant.
3	We've eaten here a couple of times, so this review is a summation of those visits. I have tried a couple of things from the light menu and a couple of salads not on the light menu. The light deep dish pizza is OK. It's an individual size pizza with grilled veggies. It's just OK. They don't smother the thing in cheese, which is probably the easiest way to keep the calories on this item under 600. I've also tried a chicken dish from the light menu. It was unremarkable. As far as regular salads go, the steak salad is OK, as is the seared ahi salad. The ahi salad is probably the best thing I've tried. My wife has been more diverse: she's had one of the baked potatoes (meh) and the spaghetti (also meh). It's not that the food is bad here, it's just unremarkable. We'll go back. My kid likes the place and there are plenty of things I haven't tried yet. One of these days I will actually try one of their beers (hard to mess that up).
2	This review is based on JUST the Superstition Springs location:My favorite kind of pizza is from BJ's. My husband and I usually get half pepperoni and half buffalo chicken as toppings. Other than a Caesar salad and a pazookie, I have not tried anything else... so this review is based on just these foods alone. The pizza is extraordinary and just one slice will make you feel full! We tried the pazookie (ice cream with a cookie) a couple of times here, but I have had better elsewhere. Actually, their pazookie makes me a little sick. Their ice-cream tastes cheap and frothy. Normally, I would give BJs a 4.5 star review, but because of my most recent experience at the Superstition Springs location, I am going to bring my starred review a couple notches. We invited some friends to BJs and advised them they could not go wrong with the pizza! My husband has a fatal allergic reaction to olives, so we always make sure to tell the waiter to NOT put olives on anything he eats. BJs has usually accommodated this request, and I appreciate that. However, I feel that our waitress at Superstition was largely incompetent. Well, I was correct! While we waited for our pizza (which took an hour-- it has never taken an hour, okay?) our water glasses remained empty (for an hour people!) The waitress never came to refill our glasses. We were annoyed by it, and even a little embarrassed that we had raved so much to our good friends we had invited about the restaurant. When our pizza finally came, there were OLIVES on the pizza!
1	I've been here on three different occasions. I usually enjoy in-house, micro-brew so that was the draw for me. However, I'd rate their beer better then an average tap bar but for a micro-brewery, it has pretty low points. In fact I wouldn't go out of my way to come here for the beer again. This place is kinda a bar/restaurant, trying to appeal to beer drinkers and family diners at the same time.It's a large, high ceiling dining area that does not distinguish restaurant from bar.  The result is a large, noisy, brightly lit cavern that I found too busy and over-stimulating. While there, my friend and I ordered drinks but we were coerced into a meal, mostly because the staff was constantly on us to order some food. On our last visit, the waiter asked us every 5 minutes if we wanted something to eat, no joke. When we finally ordered, he let up just until we finished our food. Then it was a constant interruption from him asking if we want anything else, sort of making us feel like we should not take up a table any longer if we're done eating. This was not one time, this is every time I've been there. Even sitting at the bar we got continually pestered into getting something more. The staff seems to be very high strung, sort of  like they drank 5 cups of coffee. As for the food, I found it highly forgettable, in fact, I don't even remember what I ate. It's just as all well because I won't be going back again.
5	The pizza is amazing and pretty much everything else, me and my boyfriend go here at least twice/ three time a month! :) service is a little slow but I've only been there when they're really busy
4	I kinda feel like BJ's is the working mans CheeseCake Factory. HaHa.Favorite Appetizer is the Stuffed Mushrooms and their brewed root beer is pretty good. I like how there is refills on the brewed root beer. I've yet to get something there I haven't liked. I love the blonde shrimp and can't ever go wrong with their BBQ chicken salad.The pizza cookie is pretty good. Service has yet to be sub par. I frequent about once a month. And its always what I expect.
4	Great portions, best dessert pazookie: cookie/ice cream. Always fast and friendly service.
2	First off  I been here a lot but first time I wrote a review,  The Service was good. The atmosphere is really nice and the Food was just Ok I tried The "Gourmet Five Meat" Mini Pizza. The oven roasted ham made it to salty other then that it was Ok. Like I said I been here a lot but have not been awhile it seems like they're going down hill on the the food hints the reason why I don't go often.
4	I am always pleased when I go to BJ's. Food and service is always excellent. I gave it a four star instead of a five star because of the way they changed how they bring the pizza out. It used to come out in a pan but now comes out on a plate. The result being it not as hot and crispy, still good but not as great as it used to be.
5	It has been 2 years since my initial review and I still faithfully visit here. My current favorites are the jalapeno burger (they fry the jalapenos and they are amazing), the 5 meat pizza, and the oreo pazookie. They also added some new pazookies to the menu and the white chocolate raspberry is amazing. The service is always fantastic, love the atmosphere, and they always have a new list of seasonal brews.They just started a loyalty card and I am saving up for the free $25 gift card. It is easy to use and I can check my balance on line. I am halfway there!
4	It's always a happy surprise when coming here , either in the way of a seasonal beer or a employee who hates their job. Either way the food is always what I expect And tastes the way I remember. If I want a sure bet I come here. Love the soups and pizza lunch specials and the to go service to your car.
3	Staff was not too helpful when I called to ask if they had found my debit card. Eat there but make sure you don't need anything from these guys cause they are not too helpful.
1	This review is for the food only.  Not good.  I chose the avocado egg rolls for dinner, one of the more popular items reviewed here and the waitress noted that they were a favorite as well.  I love avocado on practically anything and I hated these.  The texture I think is what got to me - the overly creamy middle of avocado and cream cheese with the greasy roll was just a fail.  I really wanted to enjoy these, in fact I kept trying to give it another chance with one more bite.   But it just wasn't gonna happen.
4	We are frequent flyers to BJs and have been for years!  I really like the food and my & I both enjoy their beer.  I have had a couple of experiences over the years where I have had an issue with the food not being cooked enough, or the seared ahi not being what it usually is, but they always correct it for us when we mention it.  This doesn't happen that frequently though.  We also have a favorite waitress here, but won't mention her name because she happens to be everyone's favorite and her section gets full with all of her following.  Most of the other staff is friendly and efficient as well.  It is very busy there especially during snowbird season.  So either call ahead to put your name on the list or get over 1000 points on your rewards card so you can call and make reservations.  :-)
5	Pizookies & killer rootbeer!!! The foods good too btw....
4	My wife and I were searching for somewhere to have lunch on this side of the valley. We decided on BJs considering we had been there before and enjoyed our time.We were greeted by the rudest hostess I've ever come across. At first we were ignored. When she finally greeted us her back turned to us and she was talking over her shoulder at us. She then sat us.Our server was great!! She was very informative and gave us the perfect amount of time to look over the menu.The food was good too. We had the mini bruchetta for an app. My wife order the mahi mahi tacos and I ordered chicken tenders. The price was just right for the amount. The reason this place did not get 5 stars was their rude hostess. Thankfully the service and good came through.
1	Worst service I have ever received
4	Love the Buffalo Chicken Pizza! I don't recall ever having anything that I didn't like at this restaurant though!
1	I do not get the draw.  Always packed, mediocre food and service.  Are we THAT desperate for a decent restaurant in the East Valley that we have to resort to this place?
4	I've been to the BJ's in Chandler (which I'm definitely not a fan of), but this one really surprised me.  The service was fast, the food tasted great, and everyone was really friendly.  Or basically the complete opposite of the Chandler BJ's in every way :)  It also wasn't too busy and was a great spot to watch the preseason game.  I'll be back for sure...
4	From what I could tell this restaurant is amazing. I chose a Cheese Burger with the Steak Fries and the Brewhouse Porter Beer. All that is left to say about this place is the food is great and the Beer amazing!
4	BJ's started a rewards program recently on a visit. This is a nice addition to an already really good restaurant. The salad portions have gone down which for $12 for a salad, cutting out the lettuce probably isn't a good idea! The pizza's are really good. They also have a really good fried jalapeno burger. They started a lower calorie menu as well and I was really suprised that they have a pizza on there which actually was good for so few calories. Still find their pazookie's the best dessert. The white chocolate macadamian is amazing and I want one just thinking about it!
4	My husband and I have eaten here a few times and not been disappointed...  we'll keep coming back ;o)
5	Very nice place. The burger I had was amazingly good. The place was very busy and the service was good.
2	I am a long time patron of BJ's -- absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE this restaurant!!! I've been to many in Colorado and Arizona, and I do have to admit this one particular location consistently, time after time, gets my order wrong. I've sent back more dishes brought to me here than any other restaurant in Arizona.If you order anything, be sure you want your  dish exactly how it's stated on the menu otherwise they will most likely get it wrong...Food - greatService - okay at bestQuality - okay at bestWait-time to get your order - atrocious!!
4	This place is one of my guilty pleasures!  In my opinion, they have the best deep dish style pizza around.  Even though the menu offers a broad range of dining options (from Mexican to Asian fare -- good for picky eaters or big groups with diverse tastes), I'm always drawn back to the pizza. I also like the minestrone soup (a tad on the salty side though) and their wedge salad is really good -- also pretty decadent, drenched in blue cheese and dressing.  They make their own root beer which is amazing!  For dessert, you HAVE to go with the Pizookie!  They expanded their flavor list so there are even more tempting choices.  If you're dining alone or feeling bad about all the fatty pizza you scarfed down, they have a smaller/personal size Pizookie AND if you can't decide on one flavor, you can do halfsies.  Pretty great!Definitely recommend...if you're not on a diet  ;)
1	For my birthday every year, my parents come down from Payson to take me to lunch. We try to coordinate where to meet, and since I have a client in Gilbert, my boyfriend suggested this. Oh, and they wanted to go to Winco right after, so this seemed like a good spot. I had never in my life heard of the place. Sometimes, that's a good thing.Today, though, it wasn't. Turns out, it's just a huge room with an even bigger menu. I chose the Cobb salad. Now, let me make one thing clear: If I am going to have a salad, I always get a Cobb salad. The Vig Uptown has my favorite one. I *know* a Cobb salad. The menu said it came with feta. F. E. T. A. on a Cobb salad. I asked the waitress to substitute the feta for blue cheese, remove the bacon (I knew it wouldn't be real bacon, and I hate bacon bits), and keep the dressing on the side. It also came with "turkey."Never in my life have I sent anything back to a kitchen. Ever. But there was no way I was going to let this pass. I've seen enough Kitchen Nightmares to know that Gordon would have told the server to have the chef eat that salad, just to see how horrible their food was. And that's exactly what I told her. The "turkey" were a bunch of cubes of white stuff on my plate, that had obviously been frozen, and had as much flavor as the iceberg lettuce. There were chopped tomatoes all over the place, and my "cucumber" was a tiny slice off the end of the cucumber. (see photo)She offered to bring me something else, and I declined. I didn't even want the free *$&#*$&# pizookie, that's how angry and disappointed I was. They took the "Cobb salad" off our bill, and we went on our merry way. My stomach was rumbling on my way home. I fear it's going to be a looooooooooong night. From a salad. The worst salad in all the land.I will never, ever eat at any location of this hole again. I had no idea it was a chain, or I would have picked something else.I've never cried during a birthday lunch with my parents, but I was mighty close today.
5	Very good service. ..food was outstanding. ..love it...A very memorable experience. ..and I'm in the restaurant industry. .exceptional service. ..very impressed...Veronica. ..was very professional at her execution and timing of our various dishes....I'm 1 happy customer:)
1	Bad night for service at BJ's. I ate here with 6 of my friends after they all got their food mine did not come out.  I figured it would be out in a sec... But no after 20 min of waiting I had to track down my waiter to ask about my food.  Only to be told by her I did not order anything.  Me and everyone I was with we're 100 percent positive I did order. The waitress was rude and not helpful and tried to make me feel dumb. Nothing worse than being treated like that in front of all my friends.  Once again horrible night for BJ's
2	Fettuccine Alfredo beyond belief dry and tasteless.  Grilled chicken dry and tasteless.  Prices way too high for quality of food. Beer was good though. Can't understand how this place is so busy.  Much better options available with local businesses. Avoid this chain.
4	My husband and I frequent this establishment often. The staff is always very friendly and quick, which we like. We love their Bacon Cheeseburger Pizza, but they've taken it off the menu. Most of the time they'll make it for us anyways, but a couple times, when ordering via phone we were denied our special request.
4	Very good beer selection, with rotating seasonal selections, with most going for $5.50.  A bit on the high side for me.  We ordered a vegetarian pizza with extra ham on half and the stuffed mushrooms.  The mushrooms were very tasty, came 6 to a plate, and were gone in a short amount of time.  The server in training put in the original pizza order in wrong, putting just ham on half.  They brought out this pizza already aware it was wrong, and brought another one out to make the order right.  Two pizzas for the price of one, good deal!! The pizza was very good, the sauce was sweet and the crust nice and crunchy.
4	Great service sitting at the bar for Happy Hour...cold drink after a long day and yummy app and pizza!
2	This location has really odd customer service. My group had three adults and a baby. The hostess tried to seat us in a 2-person booth. I strongly doubted that we could fit and, sure enough, when we all sat down, I could not sit entirely on the side I shared with another person. I couldn't see how even our plates would all fit together. The hostess was annoyed when we asked for another table, even though we clearly could not eat there and even though there were other tables available. The food was fine--exactly like every other BJ's I've been to. I'm just going to go to another location when I decide to go again.
5	Response to Don M on 4/28. I was in BJ's that day with my wife, had a great meal and service, only problem was  4 drunk nurses ( 2 male/ 2 female).  I complained and you were nicely asked to leave.  You were Nasty. Just FYI, while you were busy yelling at an employee out front, my wife took down both of your license plates and turned them into Mesa, Gilbert and Chandler police departments for their BOLO (be on the lookout) listings. You will be picked up in the future being the drunks you are. There were only 4 of you, not 5, unless your patient was imaginary.
4	I AM a fan of BJ's Restaurant.  This is a go-to place for me as I eat alone many nights and as a woman, always feel comfortable sitting at the bar.  The bar tenders are all very nice and engage in conversation when they can.  The food is always great and very tasty...they've perfected the signature dishes.  The flatbreads are to die for and the burgers just could not get any better.  Salads ( fav: honey-crisp chicken) are the best.Thanks to the staff for all you do!
5	I love this place. Great beer. Must try the sampler if it's your first time. I love the Jeremiah red. The avocado egg rolls are another must have. Yum. The menu is quite extensive with a new lower calorie fare as well. I had the salmon with couscous. Desserts ...The pazooki is a must. It's a fresh baked cookie the size of a personal pizza with a scoop of ice cream.
3	Went here for the first time a few weeks ago. Got seated promptly, hostesses were friendly and the atmosphere was nice. Our server was Aimee. She was personable. However, we got there just as her section seemed to be filling up. She started looking overwhelmed. I ordered a small deep dish, it came out as a mini. I was disappointed but tried to let it go. Then we started seeing less of her. Our drinks stayed empty, some random server came over and took our dessert order. I asked for chocolate ice cream instead of vanilla and she said sure, but when it came out it still had vanilla. I don't know what happened there but it was still annoying. She brought me a water out with dessert even though that's not what I had been drinking. She brought my boyfriend refills the entire dinner but always seemed to forget mine. I had to actually correct her and tell her I still wanted refills on the drink I payed for. It sucks that our experience was sacrificed because she was overloaded and being seated with multiple tables at a time. Food was yummy, people were nice, but smaller sections to focus on quality of service or a better way of pacing the seating is needed.
4	I would give five stars. ..but I usually do carry out service here which is fantastic.  Amazing food and the cashier is so friendly and goes above and beyond. However with dining in experience the service I've had has always just been average and the prices are very high. Great upscale sports bar for the guys to take their ladies if they want something nicer than your typical bdubs experience.
4	Okay finally a review.  Typically I am in this place once a week, why?For me two reasons.  Food quality & beer selection.  In the past few months they have paired back the menu thank god it was like the Cheesecake Factory way to many choices.  They have healthy choices for us actually looking for smaller portions and the ability to substitute vegetables for starches without an up-charge or making you fell guilty because they may have to write something down.Unlike other places in the area they have there own craft beers, but actually carry selections that would compete with there own so as consumers we have excellent choices here.  I personally like the Parana Pale Ale which is there own.  My wife and I sit in the bar area so are adopted (not really she's a Gator Fan... Roll Tide) daughter can wait on us.  Rebecca is by far the best ambassador for BJ's.  While she pretty much runs the bar (never stops) she also takes the time to greet each and everyone who sits at the bar, answers any questions and makes you feel like you are her only customer. While in the background you can see the drink orders pile up. So if you are in East Mesa and are looking for reasonable priced food, and a great beer selection, go in Wednesday - Saturday sit at the bar, yell out loud "Roll Tide" and the bartender who turns and gives you a dirty look is the one you want to wait on you.
1	A French Dip that's twice the price and half the size of Arbys, and almost not as good.
1	An absolute disappointment. We came here for the beer tasting/dinner and it was sub par. $30 per person for one slice of pizza, half a chicken entree and 5 shots of beer. Overall, our group of 6 spent upwards of $180 and we left feeling like we needed to go somewhere else for dinner and a beer.  We were told prior to the event that we would leave happy but we definitely left the feeling the opposite! Avoid this at all costs!
5	Yes yes yes! I would be lying if I said BJs didn't provide excellent service an were excellent food every time I visited. The staff is friendly and I've never had a waiter or waitress that was impolite, or didn't visit my table often. I constantly had my drinks re-filled. The root beer that they create themselves is fantastic!  The deep dish pizza is easily in my top 3 pizzas in mesa. The price is reasonable, especially considering what you're getting for the money nepeta every cent and I would recommend to anyone looking for a great place to bring your friends or family!
3	The menu had many great options and the pricing was fair. We enjoyed the craft beer and appetizers. However, the service was slow and almost nonexistent.
5	We had a great experience here tonight. I ordered a coffee and surprisingly they have a nice flavored coffee, was fresh. Went at night too, I thought it would be an old pot, but she said they make it fresh each time.Ordered pizza which was great and an appetizer. It was really busy tonight but the service was still excellent. Last, we had the warm cookie and ice cream for desert. So amazing, you have to order this for sure. Perfect!! I liked it with my coffee, good combo.
4	Loved the food. .. loved the service.  I only gave 4 stars because they forgot to give us silverware even when they brought my husband's salad. So the salad sat there until they brought our food about 5 minutes later. The manager apologized and asked how long the salad sat there but my husband told them not to worry about it. We will definitely be back. The chicken parm was soooo good. The mashed potatoes too. Mozzarella sticks could have come with more marinara but they were crispy and gooey. Yummy! My husband had a steak and really enjoyed it. He asked for a 1 sauce before he got it but after the first bite said it didn't need sauce. Overall....yum!!!
5	Excellent service, excellent food. Their pizza is excellent and their blackened salmon is amazing. I have been several times and wait times are usually very short. Also save room for their pizookie, delicious. They even have a gluten free pizookie that I think tastes better than the other. Overall a very solid place to eat.
1	I give BJ's ONE star because every time I order something from the bar it's 99% ice and 1% liquor. I asked for a Long Island Ice Tea and I already know that restaurants fill a tall glass with ice and add as little alcohol as possible. But this last time was ridiculous!!! I couldn't even get my lips to the beverage because the ice was pouring out of the top of the glass. I ordered another one and asked the waiter to have the bartender go "easy on the ice"...I got the same thing!!! CONSIDERING BJ'S HAS NO HAPPY HOUR, $10+ FOR A GLASS OF ICE IS OUTRAGEOUS.
2	Here now for lunch. Cesar salad was a bit wilted. Potato wedges were underwhelming. California chicken sandwich was just ok. I'd give 2.5 stars if I could. Gordon Beirsch kills this place. Service was fast and friendly so there's that.
1	Horrible service!!!! I don't even think they deserve 1 star.. Waited 15 minutes for a server to come to our table, 20 minutes for drinks, 45 minutes for just an appetizer... Then another 30 minutes for my food, when they finally brought out the food you could tell that the food had been sitting under a heater or as the manager called it a "hot line." The there was hair in my food and all the manager did was say sorry. Said he would take care of it. Serious lack of communication because my server comes back and says oh did you still want that bread bowl!? Really?? Horrible
3	Food is ok typical chain type food.  Servers and bar tenders were good.  We went here like everyday, because it was next to our hotel.  Lots of beers to choose from.  The beers were better than the food.
4	I think the calamari is some of the best I've had and the fish and chips is pretty good too.
