5	My female cat needed to be spayed. She had developed pyrometra, which can be fatal. These folks jumped right in and scheduled an emergency surgery and saved my baby's life. In at 7:30 AM, picked her up same afternoon, at 3:00 PM. Cost was hundreds of dollars less than what a veterinary clinic would have charged. The staff was genuine in their caring and friendliness. I had priced an ordinary spay at over $300. That didn't include the extra steps to treat pyrometra. All in all, surgery, shots, medicine and follow up care was $100. AWESOME!!!. I highly recommend this clinic. They are fabulous!
5	Wonderful price and great staff. Only $75 here versus the $375 from Petsmart! I feel like they cared about my puppy as he received his neuter. It healed perfectly and the vet was "on call" via email if I needed assistance. I emailed her on day 3 and she responded within a couple hours.
4	We recently and unexpectedly ended up with a foster dog. He was not neutered and had never been to a vet before. Due to a variety of reasons we just didn't have the money to pay our regular vet to get him up to date. After significant searching around I found out about Spay Neuter Charlotte. On Wednesdays they have "Wellness Wednesdays" where you can schedule your more routine vet visits, vaccines, etc. We did this first to get Fred the Foster up to date on shots. He was a holy terror. For a dog that had been so sweet at ,my house he turned into Cujo on steroids once they tried to exam him (after urinating on the front desk!). It was a little dicey as they tried to figure out how to give him shots but they finally got them done. And... he's heartworm positive. Awesome. Poor guy. Poor pocketbook. The vet on duty explained the different treatment options and told me what they could do for me there versus what a regular vet office could do. About two weeks later we scheduled his neuter. I was INCREDIBLY nervous as he was heartworm positive and Cryptorchid meaning a more extensive surgery. and just overall more risks.  I asked about a zillion questions before the surgery and they answered all professionally and I didn't feel rushed at all. The surgery went well. Once we got home it was a long night and he was still acting a bit "off" (to me, the neurotic one). I called up and the medial director again took a long time to talk me through what he was doing and seemed genuinely concerned that both Fred and I were ok. He's still healing up a bit and wearing the cone of shame but overall he's doing extremely well now. The only reason I can't give five stars is just due to the waiting room. It's a clinic so let me preface this with I completely understand. I just want to caution others that might have Cujos in disguise. The waiting room is hectic on the Wellness Wednesdays with a lot of people and all sizes, shapes, different levels of socialization, unaltered animals. It's a bit much for some dogs and you might just want to consider that before making an appointment or at the least be prepared. In hindsight I wish I'd checked in and then waited outside until they were ready for us. Maybe Mr. Cujo would have stayed Mr. Sweetie even for the vet! Spay Neuter Charlotte is providing an amazing service for the dogs, cats and owners in our area and I'm so grateful they're around. Also, anyone need a lab mix pup!?
5	Great low cost pet clinic! Very clean and friendly atmosphere and I loved the sitting room decor, especially the chalk board doors to the exam rooms!  They also run monthly specials so keep up on those! Awesome!
5	Very professional, polite, sincere, and informative staff. Will take the time to answer ALL your questions, regardless of how many there are or what time of day/night you ask them. After the surgery you're given a packet with a care instruction sheet and an email address. Dr. Welch returned my late-night emails in less than 30 minutes every time (because for some reason all of my urgent questions come up after 11pm). I figured the emails may be some generic copy-paste statement, but each one was genuine and tailored to exactly what the situation was. Then the next morning as soon as the office opened, the staff gave me a courtesy phone call to talk through what was going on with my dog. The day of surgery was easy and calm. I took my dog (Zoey) in at 730 and I filled out some paperwork while Zoey waited in the car.  Everyone brings their animal in at 730 so be prepared for a room full of people, but the line moves fast so don't worry. After turning in my paperwork I brought Zoey in. The Dr. did a quick exam and cleared her for the spay surgery. At 3:30 I returned to the clinic, sat and listened to a brief 5-10 minute lesson on how to care for my animal post-op. They were informative and pointed out specific examples of what to do and what to not do. Then I paid, they brought out Zoey and we headed home. The cost at this clinic was ultra-competitive. They knocked the competition out of the water with their prices. The price wasn't the only great thing, usually people say you get what you pay for.... at Spay Neuter Charlotte you get a lot more than you pay for, their great customer service is priceless.  I recommend this clinic to anyone and everyone having their animal spayed or neutered. Absolutely a 5 Star experience.
5	Had my dog neutered there and not only was it a great price they took excellent care of my dog. Drop off at 730 am and pick up at 330 pm.
