5	This is the Haagen Dazs located in the MGM Grand so if you ever want to see Floyd Mayweather Sr. eating ice cream... well.  Here you go!
3	I enjoy coupons, I like the buy one get one free coupons, and I love the rare coupons for stuff that's free, period. I happened to receive one of the latter category from Haagen Dazs and I made it a point to stop here at the end of an afternoon on the Strip because there apparently are no locations in Henderson.I like the relative ease of access of this place. It's in the food court, which is just a minute away from the lobby, and a set of escalators/stairs on the opposite end of the lobby provides access to a walkway to the parking garage. I was appreciative of the customer service as well. They allowed me to substitute my own custom sundae because they hadn't started to carry the new promotional varieties yet.However, I was very disappointed in the lack of my favorite rum raisin flavor, and I was puzzled by the warmness of the whipped cream. I wouldn't guess that this is the best Haagen Dazs around (it's in a food court, after all), but it's not that bad since I did get some free ice cream out of my coupon. Still, you won't see me here too often judging from the regular prices. I'd rather hit a frozen yogurt or frozen custard place off the Strip.
3	We had a buy one ice cream, get one free. So, yeahhh... we used it! We asked for both to be in waffle cones. I wanted strawberry. He wanted brownie something. I asked for one of each, and the girl put strawberry and brownie in one cone. I told her I was sorry, but I wanted one cone with strawberry and one with brownie. What did she end up doing? She just scraped the brownie ice cream from the cone back into the run. You could see the strawberry on it! She put more strawberry on top of mine, and when she went to get the brownie ice cream... guess what? She used the ice cream with the strawberry on it! She's lucky my boyfriend doesn't really care, because if it was mine, I would've been sooo upset. I understand that there was some miscommunication, but... to not just start over and discard a scoop of ice cream that customers are already over charged for? Really? I'm happy I had a coupon.
