5	My kids were terrified of any one and every one they met! They would cry to the point the babysitter would call and say no more! Jackie was great she helped me out last minute and i couldnt believe how much my kids loved her! I have a hard time trusting people in my home and with my children but i would %100 reccomend her or even shamrock sitters to everyone! Thanks Jackie! I finally dont have to go out and worry any more! So if you are in henderson and need a great sitter look no more!
5	We got referred to the $45 an hour, 4 hour minimum nanny service that all casino hotels in Vegas seems to prefer (Thanks, Excalibur).  With a little bit of research, we found Shamrock Sitters and Jacky O'Brien.  She was patient, professional and *gasp* affordable.  Thanks to Jacky, we were able to enjoy Vegas worry-free with our newborn daughter in her hands.  It was priceless.
5	Based on the previous reviews we booked Jackie and it's all true.Prompt, professional, prepared (she brought her bathing suit and swam with the kids!) and all had a great time. And not to forget a very reasonable pricing schedule.The only problem is she's a one Jackie band so book early.
5	Jackie's service was above and beyond our expectations! We felt so comfortable using her that we had her come two nights a row on fairly short notice!  She did a wonderful job with our one year old and he loved her!!! Based on these yelp reviews we used her and will continue to use her every time we go there now! And her pricing was very fair! Especially versus the services the Concierge recommended! 5 STARS!
5	Came into town for a wedding and wanted to have some "adult" outings as well. Called the agency and once I was done hyperventilating from the $45/hr and 4 hour minimum price tag, I called Jackie at Shamrock Sitters. Not only did she show up with a suitcase full of toys and books but also a big warm smile. The kids (and I) fell instantly in love with her. Don't hesitate to call Jackie or send me a message for a reference! Turns out not all of Vegas is a big expensive, ripoff. She was worth every penny.
5	My kids had a great time. Very pleased. Thank you Jackie. See you next time.
5	Booked Jackie based on Yelp reviews and talking with her on the phone. We knew we made the right choice as soon as she arrived at our hotel room and our 20-month-old's face lit up with a big grin upon meeting her! She is prompt, friendly, professional and reasonably priced ... and it's obvious she has done this many times and knows what to do. She arrived with a big suitcase full of age-appropriate toys and I believe she was probably one of the highlights of our daughter's stay in Vegas! We felt completely comfortable with our daughter in her care for the two nights we booked her and I would gladly recommend her without any hesitation whatsoever. We are already looking forward to our next visit to Vegas knowing that we'll be able to enjoy a "date night" or two if Jackie is available then.
5	ANOTHER home run for jackie!!!! we hired her on pattys day ironic huh?! My kids had not seen her in a while and fell in love all over again ..our night was amazing and unforgetable thanks to you JACKIE thanks again!
5	We went to Vegas for 13 days back in June/July & I desperately needed a babysitter for adult time/me time. I researched for a nanny and found Jackie. OMG...what a diamond in the rough! Jackie is the BEST nanny in Vegas!! It's scary leaving your child with just anybody. Our 2 1/2 yr old son doesn't like anybody but she came in and immediately started playing with him and he fell in love with her. She is so loving, caring, fun, and responsible. He just loved her! He kept asking every day if Jackie was coming to play. :)  I'm so glad that we found her.
