4	This is a relatively new Chinese place in downtown Kitchener. It mostly features Cantonese dishes. Nice decor for a Chinese place. Modern, simple, clean, and spacious. It kinda gives the same vibe as Benh Than (the one near Conestoga mall after renovation). Food was not particularly memorable. The bbq duck was quite good, everything else was pretty average. Don't bother with the Hong Kong style tea, it's really bad. 4 star for the ambience, service and adding more variety to Kitchener's food selections, 3 star for the food.
4	This place is definitely a refreshing spin on Chinese dinning where the focus is on good food, lovely decor and GOOD service. I emphasize the latter. It is very rare for friendly attentive service at Chinese restaurants.We ordered the lunch combo of orange beef with fried rice and a crispy cheese wonton which came with a choice of soup or salad (we got the wonton soup) and satay beef rice noodle. Everything that came out was good. Only problem I had with this experience is that my boyfriends food was out long before I even got mine. However, I will definitely be coming .
4	First visit here during lunch.  Great lunch menu with a mixture of deep fried plates and stir fry plates.  Great portion for their reasonable prices.  Tried the honey chicken with rice.  Kick ass.  Will come back to try their dinner menu. Friendly staff.  Comfortable seating. Soft classical tunes.
4	Went here for a late dinner with some girlfriends. Very nice inside for a Chinese food restaurant. The service was excellent and the food was delicious. The server even knew what to recommend because I can't have gluten.Portions were very good and the food was really tasty. I will definitely be back
3	Friendly staff, decent food. A wide selection of foods. Wouldn't say it's the best place in town, but if you're up for some adequate Chinese food near downtown, this place isn't too bad. They say they're Chinese fusion, but I don't remember seeing anything that seemed out of the ordinary.
5	-Excellent service -excellent atmosphere-delicious food-reasonable price - delightful experienceI got chicken balls in sweet and sour sauce with fried rice. It was super good. The location is only a block or two from downtown and is currently the only chinese good restaurant I have discovered in kitchener downtown by city hall.
