4	This is a younger crowd (20-30's) for the most part, with emphasis on the twenty-somethings.  The food is very good, and the service was great.  Have been there for lunch and in the evening.  It can get pretty packed at night.
4	Nothing beats going to a bar when you can sit outside comfortably in the middle of December!
4	There is great live music here and it's a good setup. There is a bar/dancefloor area, a chill lounge room, and it opens up to a wide open area with tables and another DJ and floor outside. The crowd can be touch and go here, but more often than not, I find I have a good time gettin' down at Sugar D's.
4	Let's See Here...  my 1st encounter was after a nice long Sunday morning ride with a crew of motorcyclist for the buffet breakfast of $10 between 8am-1pm.with a rather interesting schmorgasboard of breakfast ingredients from chunks of fruit to odd yogurt parfaits into omelette's & french toast sticks. it wasn't half bad with all its open air patio out front. plus, the view from where we sat was incredible with the 300+ bikes parked just to the North of the building.     my 2nd visit. yielded a Friday Night definetly worth going back for more if you were interested in singles speed dating with a mix of DJ house music & live performances on stage with a house band between sets. good mixed crowd of both characters & those worthy of a glance.  my 3rd visit. was during an interesting stage of "am i in Tempe?"confuscious says. Saturday nights, are Hip-Hop/Rap & R with B styles. And unless you are sporting 22's on Pirelli's with the chrome &  or gold stretched across your neck. or possibly you are an up-in-coming future hall-of-music, yo MTV raps or some other prospective lover of everything which has become American G-Rap... this is the spot to show your shoes. i give Sugar & the Daddy's an A++ for the Bouncer's Decorative T-shirts, their wise-cracking staff & the overall appeal.i give its buffett a three thumbs down & go find a La Peep breakfast restaurant instead. and its Friday Nights a gotta give it a go kind of attitude.but showcase them shoes on Saturday's...   or be thumped out with a West Valley Vibe.peace-ices
3	Sugar Daddy's is a great place to spend a Sunday when you need to soak up the alchol from the previous night . The 5,000-square-foot patio bar, which is a popular daytime drinking destination, boasts an all-you-can-eat brunch for around $9 on Sundays with live music on the patio. I had the most amazing french toast here a couple months ago.For those wanting a little hair of the dog, there's also a make-your-own-Bloody-Mary bar ($4) from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.
2	Let me set the mood for you: It's the first cool night in Phoenix in 17 years (at least it seems that way) cool breezes blow across the desert landscape, dry air has set in, The Redsox, Indians, and D'backs all have a 2 to 0 lead in their respective series, Manny Ramirez Just hit a 3 run walk off home run in the bottom of the 9th to win the Redsox play-off game, the Yankees lost in 11 innings!! I don't think I could ask for a more perfect night, like God came down for 1 second and said "Hey, I'll make all your dreams come true buddy."Enter Sugar Daddy's....A few ex-coworkers invited me here, and since it was close I head over after the Sox game concluded. I am not  a big fan of Scottsdale bars in general, but went to see some friends. I even brought a sweatshirt for a friend per her request, who was "chilly" (see the above description of the weather)First let me say,  the patio is pretty cool, you can sit outside and enjoy the weather, being next to Scottsdale Rd, isn't so great, as wanna-be Hell's Angels cruise by on their bikes, buzzing the place like Tom Cruise in Top Gun. All that aside they had live music, basically A Dashboard Confessionals style, emo-acoustic  band. They were entertaining. The drink prices are reasonable, though a friend of mine (a girl) was billed for 21 miller Lites, which she claimed, "was impossible to drink in 4 hours" I said, "well it is Miller Lite, which is basically seltzer water, with a splash of hops and barely, so you really could of had 21 beers" She proceeded to drive herself home, you do the math. For the crowd, it would be what you'd expect, but a little better than what you see in old town Scottsdale, people were more down to Earth here, and pretty cool and laid back. I had no problem with the crowd, it was mellow. So as my friends decided to leave I ventured into the "labyrinth  inside, and let me say this place is huge. The decor is like something out  of a Robert Rodriguez movie (insert from Dusk Till Dawn) and The set of The Munsters.  To me it had no real identity and conflicted completely with the patio style of Mexican Cantina. Inside there are many areas to get lost in, and dark corners were I could imagine horny Scottsdalians making out, and participating in heavy petting. After locating the bathroom, using my onboard GPS system, I decided to sit at the patio bar to finish my drink. I struck up a conversation with 2 of the female bartenders, as they were attractive, and emo/punk/tatoo'd/angst looking. (I can't help myself with girls like this sometimes) So one of The Donnas (reference to the rock-band of all girls that look the same) started to explain to me she spoke sign language, and could communicate this way. As we were talking she became more and more annoying, it is hard to believe that someone could sign, and be annoying, but it happened. I spoke to her, and found her to be rude, and somewhat obnoxious, it really just solidified my opinion of this place and left me with a bad taste in my mouth, like waking up in the morning after you had some cool-ranch Dorititos before bed. You try hard to remove the taste, brushing, mouth-wash, flossing, etc, but it just stays with you until you eat lunch.....Unfortunately  I haven't eaten lunch yet.
3	Sugar Daddy's is one of those situations where you have a recipe for awesome that is completely squandered. This place just oozes atmosphere and cool. Unfortunately, it's just not cool. I don't know if it's the patrons or the staff, but there's something about this place that just sucks. Could it be the name? Is it just too 1990s? It does feel a bit off somehow, yet you can't help but wander around the various rooms and notice some of the great things this joint has going for it. So why does it suck then?They've recently moved the pool tables outside and have gotten rid of the wooden bench style outdoor seating in favor of granite countertops they probably salvaged from a Paradise Valley remodel (well, most likely not salvaged - but that's too bad since the ugly-ass granite tables look like shit yet likely cost a pretty penny). I miss the old set-up - while it wasn't quite working, it was better than this. They also aren't using the awesome back parlor anymore apparently... For a Friday night, the place was practically empty. I don't think it's the location - sure, it's not walking distance from the rest of the downtown scene, but it's near enough. I've never been impressed with the service here at all either - they're often assholes unless you're getting food and sitting down - then they're just fine. The food is greasy and disgusting to be honest, but I've had worse. They do have a few items that are pretty tasty (but still greasy). It could be an awesome venue for music, but they have the oddest acts ever. They just haven't found a good niche I guess. Oddly enough, it's a good place to go for a quiet night. That's probably not a good thing for a place with so much real estate - this place should be buzzing at all times. People are content to slum it up at Loco Patron where the atmosphere screams Taco Bell and the crowd screams $300 Jean Cockers I guess.If any place needs to be reinvented, this is it - both in name and in style. They wouldn't have to change too much. There's always at least a handful of people here and you could always use this place to meet someone on a blind date or whatever... aside from that though, this place serves no real purpose other than just being there. If you drive by and the patio looks full, check it out sometime... you won't have a bad time here, I just can't promise it'll be good.
2	This place seems to be on its last leg.  I heard they were going to revamp it within the year but I don't know what they can do to change the image.  Its a nice place but people just don't go there.  Even when its packed it doesn't boast the fun loving atmosphere it has the potential to.  Its tough to describe..........Outside patio is nice.
2	Nothing here to get excited about. Not sure if the place has changed hands recently, but I remember a lot of people telling me this was a hot spot a few years ago.Anyway, headed over on a Friday night about a year ago and the scene was pathetic. It had a low life gangster vibe to it, and it just felt dirty overall. The crowd was mostly punks.The service was atrocious.
1	If this place doesn't serve as a case study of what "wasted opportunity" and "terrible management" looks like, then show me another place like Sugar Daddy's that frighteningly resembles Chernobyl 1986.I chuckle now because several times, years ago, I would wait in a line to get into this place -- not on my own accord, mind you -- but because some of my buddies thought this place was the killer.  In fact, this place would be freaking AWESOME if it was plopped down on 3rd Street and Roosevelt.  But it had two major things working against it: 1) Their kickarse patio faces the lame part of Scottsdale Road, and 2) Their kickarse property is in the lame part of Scottsdale Road.Granted, I still wouldn't go if this place was set in Old Town, but at least they wouldn't be gasping for air while the distant, populated beach of Goldwater shrugs a casual shoulder.This place just takes 'whats wrong with the Scottsdale bar scene' to another level.  They actually started this genus of bars and moved it further along the street to Loco Patron, which, conveniently enough for those vertical-striped sharks without a tank, is the slightly less crippled version of Sugar Daddy's.
1	THIS PLACE IS HORRIBLE!! I wish I had found this website BEFORE wasting our time and money on this dive!!! I can't believe they have the nerve to charge $10 to get into this pathetic dump... and the worse part is... we paid it!!  We, like the others on who commented on this bar, were told this was a great place. A live band, awesome patio, a cool place to hang-out. Maybe once it was, some time long ago, but not anymore. There's nothing cool or fun about it. And whatever you do, don't forget to close your tab!! They'll hold your card for ransom and charge you 20% gratuity to get it back!
1	Poor Sugar Daddy's......... :( This place used to be a cool place to go in south Scottsdale that wasn't THAT far for us that live in the east valley. But ever since CBNC closed after that shooting, the crowd that went there to cause trouble and not just have a good time started going to Sugar Daddy's. And then Sugar Daddy's went from a cool bar to  Daddy's Ghetto House of Horrors! Tax problems, and then stabbing, after stabbing, after stabbing. WTF!?!?!?! You would think after the first stabbing they would have clean it up but it seems they haven't. Which sucks cuz the place can be really cool place to go and hang outside and party. I guess if you ever want to go to Sugar Daddy's it better be during the day light hours and make sure you have on your full body armour. Sugar Daddy's.........needs a Sugar Daddy, or a Voodoo Dr cuz there is some major bad MoJo going on at that place.
1	Have you ever had the feeling like your wife might be slipped something while ordering a drink, or molested on the way to the can? That is how I felt while celebrating a birthday here. The place was down right creepy. Don't get me wrong, I love me a dive bar. I can eat on the curb in Mexico. I am a very trusting person. I hated this place. The drinks were ok, ther servers were not attentive, the decor and outside sitting area was cool.
1	more like sugar deaddy's.this place slid and slid fast. when i moved here 5 years ago, it was a great place to grab some beers outside on the patio. on a thursday thru saturday night, you'd actually have a hard time finding a parking spot.now, it's like driving by a cemetery. after the tax deal, then all the fights that happen there, you couldn't pay me to go to that place. ghost town would be how i'd describe it. so, i will. it's a ghost town.total waste of a great place. put a fork in it.
3	I guess this place used to be cool to hang out, but something changed. A friend who was a former ARZ resident took us here on a Saturday night and for the most part, it wasn't that bad. It's a huge place and with a great outdoor patio and bar. Best part, $1 beers from 10pm- Midnight! We stayed here for awhile until the demographics drastically changed to a point where we felt.. hmmm.. maybe we should go. They had a group put a "VIP" banner in the patio for "pictures"... we all thought this was very strange, but you can't beat $1 beers!
