5	I never thought I could be in this kind of shape. For my entire life I've been struggling with my weight, trying everything to get in decent shape. Chain gyms, Thai Boxing, Grappling, Cycling, Yoga, all of those were great but left me with injuries, temporary gains and medicore results. What I've found at CrossFit Infernal has CHANGED MY LIFE! I'm the leanest, strongest and most confident I've ever been. I've literally gotten in better shape that I thought my body was was capable of in my wildest dreams (dropped 60lbs and gotten stronger than I ever imagined). After seeing the results my wife, sister, mother (60yrs old), and 3 other friends have signed up and can't believe they didn't start sooner. I can't thank Chuck, Greg and the other traininers enough.
5	I found Crossfit infernal about 8 mo.  I was looking to get stronger to improve my marathon time.  What I found was home!  I have been involved in the fitness industry for over 15 years and have been doing body work for 12.  I love the instruction and review.  Not many places care as much as Crossfit infernal or form.  Good form ='s less injury!  The coaching staff is amazing and the members are gold!!!  So what I have after 8 months is faster running times from the mile up to the marathon and everything in-between, I'm  in the best shape of my life, and i have great new friends!I am forever grateful for Crossfit!!
5	Love this gym everybody makes you feel so welcome. And no one judges you on how fit you are or not. Highly recommend
5	HOLY KETTLE BELLS BATMAN! This is the greatest box ever!!!I remember the first time I came to the box, I was automatically greeted by the coaches and members...SUPER friendly and supportive! First timer will do an introductory WOD (a CrossFit term that stands for "workout of the day") with one of the awesome coaches to show you the basics. This box emphasis in good form because they want to see their member reach their full potential without causing injuries. During a WOD, the members and coaches cheer you on to complete your WOD and it does not matter if your first or last. At the end, everyone is exhausted, in pain and happy.I have tried numerous gyms and combative in my lifetime (Pure Fitness, Gold's Gym, LA Fitness, Fitness Works, Sitan Gym...etc) and CrossFit Infernal is the best. I have been a member with CrossFit Infernal for over two years (I think 3...time flies when you are having fun) and I'm still addicted to the friendly atmosphere and camaraderie amongst the members and coaches...a box family. You MOST DEFINITELY need to try them out! In fact, you can try them out for a week for FREE!!! So what are you waiting for? Good luck and hope you see you soon!WARNING! There is a very high probability you will get addicted to this new life change...I did :)
5	I dropped into this gym while traveling for work. The staff was amazingly inviting and friendly.  The facilities were spacious and new.  The workout was rewardingly tough.  I can't say enough good things about this gym.  If you are contemplating joining a cross-fit gym, I highly recommend.
5	A couple years ago I lived in Oregon, weighed 200 lbs and spent a lot of my time on the couch. Drinking wine and eating crap. A friend encouraged me to try CrossFit, which seemed absurd for someone as decidedly un-CrossFit-ish as I was. But eventually, in order to shut her up, I did it . . . and quickly fell in love with the program, my gym buddies, eating well, and transforming my life in every way. I felt better and could do more at 50 than I did at 40, or even 30. Then, last June, we moved to Chandler.Eeeeeek!I was scared to death to start at a new gym . . . with new people . . . who didn't know my story. But I was quickly welcomed by coaches and athletes alike. Although I'm plodding and slow, have physical limitations,  scale/modify just about everything and rarely Rx a workout, no one ever makes me feel less than or like I don't belong. There's excellent instruction/coaching, encouragement, and camaraderie to be found for everyone. Literally everyone. Not many places, especially gyms can make that claim. CrossFit Infernal can . . . though you're not likely to see or hear them sitting around bragging about how great they are. Infernal owners and coaches will be far too busy doing what they do day in and day out to make themselves, their business, and everyone who walks through the door the best they can be.
5	I've been to a couple local crossfit gyms and this has the best staff of trainers I've seen. The group vibe is great for all levels of crossfit athletes
5	My brother goes to this box and has been doing Crossfit for a while.  I was in town visiting and went to a class with him.  Now while he is one of the Crossfit faithful this was my first official Crossfit experience and while I am not stranger to working out or intense workouts I have always been leery of Crossfit.  Well I am very happy to say it was a good very good experience.The trainer for the class Josh was very good about talking me through the workouts and he also gave me some one on one attention as I really need help improving my squats so he gave me some stretches I could do to help.  The WOD was a simpler one but it was more than a challenge and I felt spent by the end (my abs still hurt from the Russian Twists we did).  In the end it was a fun workout and everyone in the class was nice and helpful.  I never felt that I was being told to do something I didn't feel comfortable with.  While I still don't think I will be joining a box here in Seattle I will say if you are thinking of trying Crossfit this is the box to go to.
5	I was visiting a friend and just googled a nearby CrossFit and was glad this one showed up! I emailed beforehand and Bonnie was extremely nice and accommodating! The facility is huge and the equipment is well taken care of. I was doing my own WOD but was able to witness 2 classes. Both coaches we amazing! They had some fun warm ups and we're walking around giving each athlete the attention they needed. I coach myself and travel a lot, so I have seen  my fair share of boxes and this one is definitely up at the top!
5	In town on vacation and wanted to get a WOD in while I was here.  CrossFit Infernal let me drop in, for no drop in fee!  Great facility, supportive and welcoming members, and Bonnie was a great coach!  I will be back next time I'm in town.  Check out this box, it's awesome!
5	I love this box! My husband and I were visiting from Canada and we do crossfit at home so we contacted crossfit infernal and asked if we could attend for a week and if we needed to show skills or anything. They welcomed us to just come by and workout as long as we let them know what class. They were very accommodating and their classes were very well run--I had some of my best workouts there and they treated us just like their regulars. I highly recommend crossfit infernal if you are visiting or looking for a place to workout--their training is excellent.
5	I want to give a big shout out for CrossFit Infernal!!  In town from Texas visiting family and did a drop in at CrossFit Infernal.  My sister and bro-in-law both go to this box.  I am a "newbie" to CrossFit and this was only my second experience.  Bonnie was very welcoming and friendly as were all the other coaches and people i met while i was there.  Like i said I am crossfit newbie and unfamiliar with a few things we had to do.  It was no problem, coach would take the time to explain, educate and help correct my form.  The box was very spacious and clean with fantastic equipment (loved the pink kettlebells!)  and has well educated coaches.  Today's WOD was killer, but i loved every second of it, actually every second of 19:47!!  Two thumbs up and 5 stars for Crossfit Infernal!!  I hope to drop in next time I am in town from TX but if you are thinking about giving CrossFit Infernal a go you will NOT be disappointed!!
5	I have been going here for a year now and I cannot say enough positive things about the place. It was a little intimidating at first as I was new to CrossFit and had never done most of the movements and lifts. I was perpetually sore for the first 6 weeks but I stuck with it and the coaches and other members helped me every step of the way. Now I am in the best shape of my life and I feel great. The coaching staff is very knowledgeable and they take the time to explain the movements and proper form every workout. They provide great one-on-one time with folks that are new and scale the workouts according to every individual's capability. My kids, aged 5 and 7, do the CrossFit kids workout twice a week. I realize that CrossFit is not for everyone but it has changed my life and it is something that I love doing. I highly recommend coming down to Infernal and giving it a try for a month and see if it's for you.
5	I have been crossfitting in Phoenix for a few years now and I wanted to try a gym in the East Valley. Dropped in and the people at CrossFit Inernal were very friendly and the owner/coach Bonnie is awesome and very encouraging. I also noticed that her regulars there had great form during kettlebell swings which isn't the case at many gyms. Overall had a great time and I would definitely recommend them when you're in the Chandler/Gilbert area.
5	Amazing staff. Kick-ass training. We were there for 10 days and visited 3-4 times. Super friendly owner, great team environment, very nice facilities. We felt right at home. The perfect local box!
5	This box came highly recommended and lived up to the billing. I visited while on a business and will have no trouble sleeping on my flight out, thanks to the great programming. the facility was huge - well appointed and gorgeous, coaches were welcoming and motivating. Great focus on movement standards. I'll be back!
5	Dropped in during vacation for my first crossfit workout and they were awesome! Dave was a great coach, they made a newbie feel welcome! Highly recommend this place!
