3	Struggling to find the words......liked it, did not love it.  The menu has a nice variety...a little something for everyone.  Was there for lunch and it was packed!  We waited to be seated but were served quickly.  I had the turkey burger...wasn't bad but I was underwhelmed.  The vibe in this place is good.  Nice outdoor seating.  Perfect for a casual happy hour.
3	It's so exciting to see another locally owned addition to Market Square!  I thought it was going to be bigger when I started watching the place being remodeled, but I'd say it's a mid size place.  Not as small as Winghart's but not nearly as big as NOLA.  The atmosphere is very all American.  Lots of TV's for sports (Stillerz of course) and old pics of Market Square adorning the walls.  It's like it almost wants to be an English pub but wants to lean towards a sports bar with all the TV's.  Everything on the menu looked good and I was going to go for the healthy salad option, but thought I'd be cheating myself by not trying something else tasty on the menu!  So I opted for the portobello burger.  At first I thought this was a veggie option, since some places call them a "burger" but it's really a big porto cap in the middle of a bun.  Maybe I should also read the description before I order, oh well, I got excited!  This was a very large cap over a burger in a bun.  Toss in some melted swiss cheese and canalized onions and there you go!  The only thing that disappointed me was that I asked for it a bit of pink and it came completely cooked, so the burger itself didn't have much taste.  The porto was seasoned and marinated very well and I loved the carm onions.  The fries were skinny, not necessarily shoe string (which I hate), and ended up being really crisp and seasoned well.  The slaw, not a winner.  I'm a harsh judge of slaw and this just didn't hold up.  If you're gonna be a vinegar slaw, I want to taste it, and I didn't really.I have a lot of  hope I'll have a really awesome meal here at some point.  I kinda want to come back to order a dinner option or come for their Happy Hour (the REAL test to a great bar/restaurant).  HH specials were advertised, and I like a special, so I'll be back!
2	Not a huge fan and probably won't be going here for lunch anytime soon.  I came here with a friend and we both ordered burgers.  The burgers can be ordered "Pink" or "No Pink" - simple enough.  She ordered the Steak Burger - Pink and I ordered the XXX Burger - No Pink.  We got our food quickly which was a plus.  But when we each bit into our burgers we noticed that they had switched our Pinknesses (is that even a word?!?!).  Mine was "Pink" and her's was "No Pink".  She was still able to enjoy hers to an extent, but I had to bite around mine until I got tired of eating the edges and told the waiter who can I mention didn't check up on us after taking our order.  We saw everyone else's waiter much more.  Finally after flagging him down I let him know the issue and he apologized and told the kitchen to cook another one.  By this point, I was already fairly full, b/c the burger edges and the heaping amount of fries was more than enough to fill my tummy.  I will say that the fries were very good - I'd probably rate them 4 stars.  So all pinkness aside, the actual taste of the XXX wasn't all that great.  It had jalapenos (fresh not pickled); pepper jack cheese, and this mango chutney.  So it's touted to be spicy, but I couldn't discern any real spiciness - the burger was just blah (even after it was cooked to "no pink").  I feel like the actual burger should have some flavor to it, not just the condiments.  Condiments should be there to enhance the flavor, not just mask a mediocre main attraction.  So while I can forgive Diamond for switching our pinknesses - I can't get past the lackluster service and taste.  Also random little pigeon was walking around in the restaurant - it was both amusing and disturbing.
3	Nice to see another option in Market Square. After dinner here with colleagues, I was pleased, but not bowled over. Among the things in the "plus" column: good range on the menu- something for everyone- a tasty beer list, and a small but cozy patio (with heat for those chilly nights). My dining companions and I were generally pleased with our fare. I had salmon with mashed potato and veggies; also on the table were barbecued brisket, the pork chop, and a burger. All were solid, although my potatoes were a tad dry. More dairy, please. In the "minus" column: sometimes scattered service (I asked a couple of times for a second beer- don't delay my beer consumption after a long workday, damnit), and some order confusion. My salmon initially came out with a side salad. Do I look like an Atkins follower? No, I look like the carb addict that I am. I need my mashers. The atmosphere inside is welcoming, but it seems to be suffering an identity crisis, as Rachel C. mentions. Sports bar? Pub? Dunno. This establishment is pretty new, so I'll cut them some slack. I hope they've ironed out their issues when I take my next business trip to Pittsburgh. I'm definitely willing to try it again.
4	Prior to the show we decided to try Diamond Market based on the recent review in the Post-Gazette.  We parked close by and entered through the enclosed patio (very nice).  The young man at the door was pleasant and hospitible, even though he hadn't shaved (this is a pet peeve of mine, as my wife will attest to).The atmosphere is casual and warm.  I especially loved the light fixtures.  The manager was nice enough to direct us to the restaurant's designer and he WILL be getting a call.Since we were going to the theater, we didn't want to eat too much so we decided to share some appetizers.  I ordered the "Pittsburgh Made Potato and Feta Pierogies" and my wife decided on the "Engagement Grilled Cheese" (their take on Engagement Chicken I guess).Well, both dishes are (use your best Charlie Sheen impression here) WINNERS .  The pierogies were perfectly browned while still soft in the center.  They are garnished with olives, cabbage and onions.  Perfect.  I'll be back to order these again.The grilled cheese was a meal in itself.  Creamy and flavorful.  Three types of cheeses including Cambozola which I know isn't cheap.  I use this for my steak sandwiches at home.  Kudo's to Diamond Market for intruducing Pittsburgher's to this wonderful cheese that is much better known in more food-centric cities.We will return, but the question is...will we venture off the appetizer menu?!
2	After spending some time walking around in downtown Pittsburgh, a few friends and I found ourselves in Market Square, and in a very hungry state. Seeing that our first choice of restaurant was closed, we decided to give Diamond Market Bar & Grill a chance despite the less than stellar reviews.Upon entering the restaurant, I was first impressed at how clean the place was, and our server initially seemed very friendly and helpful. However, as the meal progressed, it became evident that she would only return to the table if you blatantly called for her across the restaurant, something that quickly became annoying.The food here isn't cheap, but it isn't super expensive either. I think I got away with ordering a burger and fries for about $10-12. However, Diamond Market definitely does not have the best food you will ever taste. On the other hand, it isn't the worst either. It's just very, very, bland. On top of this, our server did not give my sisters order right, which I know happens, but we were the only people in the restaurant so its not like she was too busy to take the extra second and pay more attention.When all is said and done, I would not personally return to Diamond Market, but I suppose it could do in a pinch.
5	Stephanie the bartender makes a damn tasty Moscow Mule. Delicious wings and gravy fries! Good stuff!
2	Nice to have another addition to Market Square with outside seating.  You don't go there for quality food. I have had the burgers and barbecue sandwiches.  They are average at best and that's being generous.  In addition everything is fairly pricey.
4	This is a great neighborhood place in Market Square .  A friend and I went for lunch, and I was pleasantly surprised by the menu.  Diamond Market looks sort of like it would be purveying nothing but chicken fingers and jalapeno poppers, but I had a great chicken spinach salad and there were enough other tasty-looking options to keep me coming back in the future.
5	This is a nice bar and restaurant in Pittsburgh's market square. They have both indoor and outdoor seating. Indoors you have the option of sitting at the bar or at the booths and tables inside.Our bartender Stephanie was fantastic while we visited. She was courteous and helpful and provided us with not only a sampling of their drinks, but information for contacting some of the attractions around Pittsburgh.While here we sampled their ginger collins, which was fantastic. Unfortunately, we didn't stay long enough to sample their other drinks, but their cocktail menu is impressive. While here we also sampled their bloody mary mix, which is well spiced for the bloody mary drinker.They have an excellent selection of beers on tap and in bottles, including an excellent array of IPAs (bonus points since I am a lover of anything hoppy).The bar and restaurant are clean and welcoming, based on our recent experience we will return again in the future!
2	This place wasn't so great. I know I won't be back and I think I can say the same for the people I was with. I ordered the California Burger with the sweet potato fries. It was o.k., nothing special. My b/f ordered a beef and cheddar and the diamond fries. He couldn't even pick the sandwich up because of how messy it was, he ended up eating the meat with a fork. The diamond fries were gross. Way overcooked, with no flavor and considering the small array of items they dress it up with, cilantro, parmesan and truffle oil, we expected it to be good. The server was loud and clear with us but apparently lacked listening skills. Not great..maybe better left to the after-work, beer drink in' crowd.
4	Interesting and varied menu with a large selection of beers on tap. I recommend trying the bourbon skirt steak sandwich. The apple pie milkshake is also a must try item.
5	We were in Pittsburgh to see a Pirates game and stopped in the Diamond Market Bar & Grill as we walked through Market Square on the way to PNC Park. It was just what we wanted: local, interesting and inexpensive with regional flavors. Just as important, the waitress understood our hurry to get to the ballpark and expedited our orders. The pulled pork sandwich I selected was tasty and large. The atmosphere was fun. What more could we want?
1	Had dinner here while in town. Horrible food. Started with onion rings...why the "balsamic reduction" drizzled on them?? Why do the cooks in back think they can take such liberties?? The kids wouldn't even eat them. I ordered the BBQ pulled chicken. Just chicken pieces with barbecue sauce poured on top, on a bun. Tasteless. Asked what I could substitute the fries with- waitress gave me some choices- decided on cole slaw. Cole slaw was just shredded cabbage in vinegar- and when the bill came I was charged $3.25. The worst part about this place is they actually ask if u want your burger "pink."  Seriously, don't they know you ALWAYS cook ground beef thoroughly due to the bacteria on the meat being "ground" or mixed into it?? I explained this to my son, who ordered a burger, and again, made it clear to the waitress. The burger was served and after a few bites, my son showed me the light pink meat. We just about got sick right at the table, let alone possibly becoming violently ill later from potential e coli poisoning! The waitress removed it from the bill, as well as the $3.25 charge for the cole slaw, and was apologetic. However, I do hope this place gets shut down before some innocent customer becomes seriously ill.Added note to comment I received about the "source" of hamburger meat at this establishment being "known," therefore ok to consume if cooked any other way than well...the interior of raw hamburger is almost ALWAYS contaminated with bacteria and is SAFEST if cooked well done. This holds especially true for the elderly, immuno-compromised & for children. The practice of asking a child how they want their burger cooked, as was the case with my son, is totally irresponsible & dangerous.
2	I was rushed the moment I got in the door. I ordered a BBQ Beef Brisket sandwich, which was good, but the fries which were skinny and crispy had potential, but were cold and overcooked. The waitress definitely wanted to be somewhere else, was not inviting environment, so will definitely shoot for another place next time in Pittsburgh, although the city as a whole is awesome!
1	Disappointed. The menu is heavy, very limited choices for small meals to soak up a few suds and enjoy watching a game. I settled for white bean/ham soup that was good, but unfulfilling. Why not compliment it with a slice of bread to soak up the savory liquid?! I will pay higher prices when worthwhile, but not willingly with my experience.The wait staff was less than average. The bartender had to repeatedly remind staff to do their jobs, e.g., greet arriving customers, while they chit-chatted and watched the Steelers game, for one - note the tables were nearly empty. The temp outside was 49 degrees; staff repeatedly opened the front door to air the room, apparently, forcing me to put on my jacket - feeling uncomfortable. When the bartender beginning to talk about other workers,I chugged my beer and headed to the door. I wont be back the next time I visit the fun and small big city.
4	I spend a lot of time seated at the bar and a great bar tender really means a lot to me. And I had a great bar tender. She  was kind enough to advise me to drink all my water and eat all my food, since I was drinking beers.  I thought that was kind and maternal.  The bartender gave me  a couple of samples of the beers they had on tap and was patient while I made my selection.For lunch I ordered the steakhouse burger.  The Diamond Market serves their burgers two ways, pink or no pink.  I got the no pink. My burger had just about every thing on it, blue cheese,  bacon , lettuce and a tomato chutney and balsamic. I would have liked a little more blue cheese. I hardly ever eat burgers...so I really don't have much to compare my burger to...but for me the burger was yummy and well put together and was served with a pickle and fries.  I was also given just a tiny bit of slaw which was very yummy and even had jalapeno and red pepper in it that really stood out to me in a good way. I enjoyed my lone lunch at Diamond Market Bar and Grill....side bar I couldn't help  but think about when this location use to be a Jenny Lee's bakery.
2	After an evening of great entertainment with the Capitol Steps at the Byham, we needed to find dinner, and were getting a little bored with some of our regular haunts. Our number one choice was closed for renovations, so instead of revisiting our usual Mexican or Indian friends downtown, we decided to try something we'd not tried, and opted for the Diamond Market. We should have stuck with Hola or Namaste instead of 'hah yinz doin?'We went in, and there was a very light crowd, but all eyes were glued to the six big screen TVs blasting 'em Stillers ad-nauseum.  Apparently, this included the few wait staff on hand. They seated us, and after ten to fifteen minutes glancing over the menu, and having made up our minds, with no visit at all from a wait person, I decided to make a phone call. I called the number listed for the restaurant on the bottom of the menu, and the hostess, who had been standing and chatting with one of the waitresses by the front door, answered the phone."Good evening, Diamond Market, can I help you?"I replied: "Yes, hi...we're seated here at the back corner table, and were wondering if we might be able to order a waitress?"The hostess looked in our direction, and I waved and she waved back and said "Oh my god! I'm sorry! One moment!"So our waitress appeared within a minute, and we placed our order. Two brewed iced teas (they're Pepsi people, dammit), a 'Colossal' Fish Sandwich with fries for me and an Open Faced Meatloaf sandwich with mashed potatoes for my friend.The menu we'd looked over was a little on the outrageously priced side. Many of the dishes, regardless of how commonplace and 'diner' they seemed, easily ranged between $15 and $30. For our choices, from the 'sandwich' category, mine was actually the cheapest item on the menu at $9+, and the open faced meatloaf was somewhere between $12 and $15. The meal actually arrived very quickly, and our waitress was as sweet and attentive as could be...once the call had been made.First, the meatloaf. One piece of average sized white bread, with what looked like two strips of meatloaf, doused with gravy, and on the other side of the plate, an average scoop of mashed potatoes with brown gravy. Looked like standard diner fare, priced like bistroid art projects on a plate. I took a nibble of the meatloaf on my friend's cue, and it was...well...meatloaf. Decent meatloaf, but...meatloaf. And not very much of it.Now, on to the fish. 'Colossal'? Um, not quite. Let me give Pittsburghers a quick lesson on fish and fish sandwiches. Fish, the actual creatures, are long and thin. Contrary to the standard possibly set by Mcdonald's, they are NOT the shape of the average hamburger bun, and they are not little squares. One thing I have noticed from several famous-fish-boasting eateries in da burgh is that it seems common practice to take an entire fish, normal size, and ram it all onto...a hamburger bun.  And this seems very odd to me in the land of 'hoagies', which are stuffed into buns that are fit for...a fish.However, my 'Colossal' ten-buck fish sandwich came on...a hamburger bun...and it fit perfectly. The fish WAS tasty, as was the batter, and the toppings that came with it (lettuce, tomato, cheese, tartar sauce and banana peppers), but when you're two doors down from the Original Oyster House, with monster fish, don't you feel just a little silly bragging about your 'colossal' fish that...isn't? There wasn't even a fish 'overhang' protrusion from the bun. It was just plain ol' hamburger bun sized.The fries were actually pretty good, crispy and real, and there was also a pickle and a tiny cup of cole slaw. The slaw was weird though. Frankly, it tasted like cabbage sitting in apple juice. Not cider vinegar, but actual apple juice.The brewed tea from Nicholas was good.But truly, meatloaf and a fish sandwich were just that, average and not hefty in portion, and the bill was $30. This was another experiment that failed, and another FTLT visit. We'll stick with the Mexican's upstairs, or walk fewer blocks and stick to Indian Spices...at least until Winghart's finishes their renovations.And if you do decide to visit, and you sit there forever - the phone number for the restaurant is at the very bottom of the back page of the menu - just pull out your cell and order a waitress.
1	No Bloody Mary Mix + plastic cups + grouchy bartender= 1 beer and gone.  Sorry my business imposed upon the staff.  Not worth my $$$
4	Food and service was very good. The waitress and hostesses were all very nice. Plus the wait was not too bad considering it was light up night.  However, the manager/owner (we think we heard someone call him Jimmy) needs to stop micromanaging his employees.  He was basically following his staff around barking at them. While we were waiting for our table the hostess was telling us how much longer and the owner actually grabbed her by the arm and yanked her away while she was talking to us and barked more orders at her, meanwhile there were plenty of customers observing. His worst action of the night was when he called our waitress over to the table right next to us and reprimanded her in front of the customers.  We felt so awful for her, she was visibly upset when she came to take our drink orders. We actually heard him tell her to let someone else carry her drinks from now on.  Besides the manager making us feel uncomfortable with the way he treated his employees our experience was good. Hopefully this guy learns how to properly run a restaurant before his staff decides to work somewhere else where they will be treated respectfully.
3	I stopped by here a few Mondays ago for a snack with my girlfriend and two other dining companions after being in the city later in the night.   We were looking for a place to eat after we found out that Taste of Dahntahn was not open and remembered that this place was in Market Square.  The restaurant is pretty much divided evenly into two distinct parts even though there is no real divider between the two.  On one side is the bar with high top tables befitting it as well as some TV's and on the other side are booths and tables for your normal dining room atmosphere.  I can't say that I was too impressed with the menu whenever I sat down although I did enjoy the fact that they had an item called Pittsburgh Poutine since I am a sucker for it.  Unfortunately I did not think that poutine alone would fill me up and so I ended up going with the BBQ Angus burger which came topped with pulled pork, onion straws, cheddar cheese and BBQ sauce.  My choices for how the burger was to be cooked seemed odd to me as I could have "pink or no pink" and so I went with the no pink option.  The burger itself tasted pretty good as the combination of pulled pork, BBQ and cheddar created something that I really enjoyed.  My only complaint with it was how messy it was.  Now don't get me wrong, sometime I like a lot of toppings on my food just like the next guy, however I also like to be able to pick up my sandwich and eat it without my hands getting incredibly sticky.  It was also served with some fresh cut French fries which were pretty good.  My girlfriend ended up having the soup of the day which was some sort of chicken soup that I found to be somewhat uninspiring.The bottom line for me is that I do not think that I would come back here for dinner in the future.  While my food was good, I don't think that anything was particularly special although I do see this place as somewhere that I could have a drink and an appetizer.
3	Not a bad place for a quick meal. While wandering downtown the other night looking for a place to grab a light meal, my friends and I decided to try Diamond Market bar and Grill. The place doesn't look like much from the outside, or inside for that matter. There is a bar area and a restaurat area. There were several televisions that could be seen on both sides. The menu consistented of some typical bar type foods with a few stand outs. I decided to go with a bowl of their chicken dumpling soup to warm me up on a cold night while my husband went with the burger sliders with fries. The soup was excellent! I actually wish I had some of it right now. I could tell that it was home made by the chunks of white meat and some dark meat chicken. The dumplings were sooo soft and fluffy! I also had the opportunity to nibble on some of my husbands fries which were thin and crispy, just how i like 'em. He also thought his sliders were juicy which seems to be difficult for most places. All in all, worth a try if you are looking for a quick meal downtown.
4	I just had the funnest night - went to Market Square to shop and see the lights and had a great time at this place!  Sat at the bar - drank some great beer.  We ordered appetizers - smoked meatballs and pierogies - both were fantastic and hung out with a great bartender!  Thanks for the fun time Diamond Market!
5	Both my wife and I's burgers we had were great, had a great selection on tap and friendly service.  What more could you ask for?
3	I enjoyed Diamond Market, but had a sense it didn't know what kind of restaurant it was trying to be.  It has $30 entrees and truffle Mac and cheese, but also had pulled pork, burgers and typical pub food.That being said, all of the food was tasty.  I had the veggie burger which was made in house.  Very tasty, but very messy.  If I were to order it again, I would get it without the bun and eat it with a fork and knife.  It came with fresh cut fries that were crisp and tasty. My biggest complaint was how close tables and seats were to each other.  Our chairs and the chairs of the people behind us were literally touching.Would I try it again?  Probably.  But I won't be a regular.
5	I've stopped here multiple times and each time has been a great experience. Some co-workers and I stop after work and on the weekends for a bite to eat and a few drinks. I've only tried the burgers here, and they are good and filling. They have a nice selection of drafts (macro,micro,craft). Always a great seasonal selection.
3	Outstanding service: we were seated immediately and within a minute of requesting that the bar tune-in to a specific basketball game, the game was on the television in our direct sight; the food was served hot, and we received filled soft drink glasses before we finished the glasses before us.The burgers we ordered were at the quality that I would expect at a chain restaurant. I had a mushroom and onion burger cooked to medium rare with a mustard sauce; the mustard sauce added an interesting flavor to the typical mushroom onion pairing. It was interesting, but if I were to order the burger again then I would probably order it without mustard as fair portion of mushrooms and onions were served on the burger. The burger was also served with a fair portion of french fries and a small cup of cole slaw; the cole slaw had peppers and an oil base instead of mayo which was another interesting twist.If you appreciate good service, then the Diamond Market at Market Square may be your sort of establishment.
3	I stopped her for dinner one night while I was in Pittsburgh for business. I was actually looking for a different restaurant but couldn't find it so I ended up here. The service was awesome. I was greeted and seated promptly. The server was great. She met my needs, but wasn't hovering. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich. The bottom bun was so soggy that I couldn't eat it like a sandwich. So I had to use a fork and knife. The paper on the bottom of the plate was so saturated I ended up cutting through it many time. The top of the bun was fine. I had the Sorbet for dessert, which was tasty and covered in whipped cream. So, the service would have gotten a 5 star, and food 2 or 3.
3	My boyfriend and I often find ourselves here. We've always had excellent service! A few days after he had 4 teeth pulled, we were here. We small chatted with the server who revealed that she actually had mouth problems of her own. My boyfriend smiled with his self conscious smile he has. She made him feel good.Anyways, the food is good as well. I ALWAYS choose the meatloaf (it's just too good to try something else!) & my boyfriend chose the mussels that night- the appetizer but ordered 2 of them -_-one bone i do have to pick though is that she automatically brought him a 4th shot a patron when he never asked. We were ready to leave and here comes a 4th shot and $10 added to the bill. I was confused?
3	I've been here many times, mostly for happy hour.  Their beer selection is good; however, NOLA right across market square is better.  The food is definitely good.  I enjoy the "Engagement Grilled Cheese" which comes with a side of tomato soup for dipping.  The black bean burger was great.  The only thing I'm not a fan of is the preparation of their sweet potato fries.  Personally, I'm a sucker for sweet potato fries, the thinly sliced, salty kind.  These are huge wedges with sugar on them.  Not appetizing at all.  Overall, I'd recommend you give this place a try.  I've alrways had great service.
3	We were in town to watch a hockey tournament and we stopped in before a hockey game and had great service.  There is an excellent selection of craft beer on tap, good televisions for watching sports at the bar, and decent appetizers - we split an order of chili-cheese fries - quite tasty.  We tried to go back another night, but the kitchen closed at 10pm on a Saturday according to the sign on the door, so we picked another spot right on Market Square.
3	Visiting Pittsburgh this week and the DMBG on Market Street seemed a good place to refuel for a couple of hours. Service was friendly and speedy and there was a good selection of local beers. Menu was typical for this type of bar and I settled on a steak. It arrived cooked as asked (medium rare) although the promised Cajun spicing was hard to detect. All in all a decent bar, with good atmosphere, good beer selection and pretty reasonable food.
3	We went on a Friday night for dinner and the first thing I noticed is the noise! It gets really loud in there so if you're looking for a place where you can have a good conversation, this probably isn't it. It's a small place so when it's crowded, the noise can get kind of intense.I had the roast beef and cheddar sandwich and it was pretty good! I had sweet potato fries as a side and they were a little sweeter than I expected. They tasted like they were seasoned with sugar/cinnamon. It was an unexpected flavor, but I didn't mind it.We got the onion rings as an appetizer and they were huge! The batter tasted a lot like a funnel cake which was also an unexpected flavor, but it worked. The rings also had a drizzle of what I think was a balsamic glaze. The menu had a lot of good American dishes and I'd definitely come back again to try something else they offer.
2	Very disappointing.  I saw that there was something new and wanted to give it a try.  (I used to live in Pgh and am now visiting so I'm not sure how new it is)I ordered the pulled chicken sandwich.  It was very dry and not very flavorful at all.  The fries that came with it were okay but nothing special.  It is very apparent that this place is capitalizing on the their location in Market Square.We did however sit outside and had a great view of PPG Place and Market Square.
2	"The food was not good at all and was way overpriced for the quality of food we received. The waiter was friendly though. Very disappointing, would not recommend, and will not be going back"
2	Overpriced. Food was just ok.  8.95 for a small bowl of pasta with butter for my daughter. No kids menu.
4	Even though I've been here before, Diamond Market never really struck me until I tried one of their burgers.  When I was there for the arts festival, my boyfriend and I went, and I had the California burger. He had just the regular cheese burger, since he has simple tastes. I asked my burger to be "pink" since my normal go to is medium rare.  This burger hit the spot. I think the prices are very reasonable for the quality of food.  I'm looking forward to trying more of their burgers soon!
3	This place getslost in the midst of all of the more trendy spots in Market Square but food was very good and service was very fast and super friendly.  I had the BBQ brisket which could have used a little less sauce but everything tasted great.  My son h the burger and loved.  One of the better mojitos I've had is some time as well.
3	Mediocre at best. Service was so-so, food was alright. Nothing stood out, but it wasn't the worst either. We ordered:Ginger Collins- regular drinkMoscow Mule- nothing special eitherLamb sliders- the lamb was on the dry sideCole slaw- not your traditional cole slaw. Instead of mayonnaise, they use a vinaigrette. I wasn't a fan of the soaked up, limp cabbage, it seemed as if they made it the day before. I did enjoy the outside seating.
1	Tourist trap. Deafening din, drunken patrons, disappointing food.
4	The food has always been very good here. I got a burger the other day from here and it was excellent.
4	Amazing server that answered questions and made the meal fun!  Loud atmosphere so be ready to shout.  Based on my personal experience I'd go back for sure and would stick with their more complex offerings.  Reason being is that the bar food my companions ordered was just ok...burger, pork, cold fries...that will only hit the spot if your half-in-the-bag already.  If you want to dine...go for their dinner offerings.  I had the simply grilled salmon and it was excellent.  Left off the chutney because I was told it was sweet, but, the horseradish mash were freakin' killer and the sauteed spinach was drowned in just the right amount of garlic/oil.  Never would have thought I'd get an awesome meal given the appearance.  Looks like a Dick's Resort but has minus the rude service and bad bar food.  Give it a shot!
4	Had a half dozen co-workers go there for lunch today to wish someone luck on a new job.The service was fast and friendly.The food was good.  The winning dishes were the Steakhouse Burgers.  The lamb sliders were good, but a little bit dry.This place is your typical downtown $10-$12 burger/sandwich place with slightly above average food and decent service.I wouldn't go out of my way to go here, but I can't easily find fault with it either.Ehhh.  4 Stars, but I can see why people might give it 3!
5	I don't pass out 5 star reviews that easily, but these guys definitely earned it!!Went here with visiting relatives, and from the second we walked in the door the staff was friendly, professional, and accommodating.  We had questions concerning the beer selection, and out waiter went out of his way to provide us with concise information.  Their beer selection isn't the same old tired beers you can get anywhere, but if tired, tried, and true is your thing ..... They got it!The appetizers were freaking awesome!!  The bruschetta and the grilled cheese appetizers were at least.I can't attest for the taste of everyone's meal but from the looks and sounds of it, everyone's fare was just as awesome as the turkey burger.  Replace the fries with their freshly made coleslaw and you have just a wonderful meal!!Market Square is not the Market Square of yesteryear.  It's new face is refreshing, and places like the Diamond Market make it a place I will definitely frequent on. Regular basis.  They've officially just entered my Fab Five in Pittsburgh.Do yourself a favor ..... Check this place out.  You won't be disappointed!!
4	In the past week I've done both lunch and dinner at Diamond Market Bar & Grill, so now I feel ready to write about it.  On both ocassions the place was indeed busy and jam-packed with people, so if you don't enjoy loud-ish venues this is not the place for you during high traffic.Both times I had burgers, during my lunch foray I had the BBQ Pulled pork burger which was delightful and prepared as requested.  For dinner I had the Deluxe (or was it Royal?, either way it had an egg in it) burger which was GREAT except for there was too much pink in the burger that I ordered with no pink.  The fries were great on both occasions and I'm a sucker for fries.Based on my experiences, the quality of the food, the good prices and the decent drink selection (didn't go into it since no one ordered any) I can certainly see myself returning to this venue.  :-)
4	Love this place!  Friendly wait staff, nice selection of craft brews and wine, sports on TVs, and good vibe.  Burgers and fries are very good, although oil used in fries tasted a little stale one time I was in there.  Salads also very good.  I really like the liver and onions, but was a little too salty as was spinach (actually, spinach was so salty it really was inedible).  So, hold back on the salt.  Other than that...awesome baby!
3	Yesterday while at the Warhol Museum with Bobby & a new friend we had met at church last month, all of our stomachs were speaking to us. I found out Wednesday was my friends bday, so we offered to take her to dinner. I pulled out my phone & trusty Yelp app to find a place on North Shore to indulge. No luck... Nothing really spoke out to me so I asked my friend for suggestions. She brought up Diamond Market & we all agreed. We ordered the mussels as an appetizer. My friend, Carlene, never tried mussels but really enjoyed them. For dinner I ordered the Barbecue burger.. burger, bbq sauce, pulled pork, cheddar cheese & onion straws. The sandwich was huge! Def a two hander. Also comes with fries.Carlene ordered the ultimate market burger.. Burger, cajun fries, Cole slaw, cheese, fried egg & possibly onion? As stated on the menu, thing is piled high.  Bobby had the Mediterranean chicken. I don't really know what's on it but he enjoyed it :) all sandwiches come with fries.Service was good but I think they took meatloaf off the menu. overall the meal was good & I'm glad to have experienced their burgers.
5	Outdoor patio is really nice. Overhead heaters are a nice touch. Pricing not bad, a lil more expensive given the items on the menu but good. Friendly staff, tasty food, & really awesome shakes!! :-) :-) Definitely a place to go when you wanna get out. Did I mention that their mojitos are bomb?! :-)
4	This is one of the better places to go for lunch downtown. Not too cheap or casual, but not like Ruth's Chris or Capital Grill either. Most selections are between $10-13 which isn't bad. I would recommend going before 12:00 if you go for lunch because going between 12-1, seating is impossible. The place isn't that big to begin with, but they do have inside and outside seating and there are televisions that usually have hockey, golf or basketball on.I usually always get the Steakhouse burger which is a mammoth burger that comes with bacon and blue cheese crubmles. Definetly one of the top 3 burgers I have ever had. The fries are delicious as well and they give you a ton. It is def woth the price. I also like the taste of their ranch dressing.Service is average. The servers are usually in a hurry and are not the friendliest, but the food is usually cooked at a reasonable time.Try this place out sometime.
1	Super salty mashed potatoes were horrible. Roast beef was sandwich type meat. Very disappointing.
4	Decent taps, great atmosphere with the large open doors bringing outside indoors, and best of all, a really friendly staff team - Took our request to watch the draft on one of the many big screens AND let us use their iPhone charger :)
3	Dinner around 7 on a Monday night was fairly crowded and loud. The atmosphere isn't the greatest, but it's clean and there are TVs with sports on to watch so it can serve as a fun night out with friends.The burgers and fries are quite delicious; this is the place to go classic. The fries are so deliciously seasoned with just a hint of sweetness, and you get a ton of em.The California burger is excellent - very juicy and smothered in healthy green sprouts and guacamole. It also comes with a side of green aioli of some sort. Highly recommend.Overall, a good, classic grille with satisfactory food, though the prices seem a bit steep at about $11 a burger (with fries so I guess not too bad). Don't go if you're hoping for a quiet, peaceful atmosphere.
3	I ate at the Diamond Market Bar & Grill, with my brother, after last Sunday's Pirates Game.  It was my first time eating at this restaurant but my brother said that I would absolutely love it.  He didn't steer me wrong.We started with The Pierogies, which were crispy style with feta, cabbage, onions, and olive sour cream.  They were amazing!  I've tried a lot of pierogies around the city and these were by far my favorite I've ever had.My main dish was The Diamond Burger which was topped with melted mozzarella curd, smothered with caramelized onions, roasted red peppers, and herb mix. With a truffle Worcestershire aioli.  It was easily one of the top 5 best burgers I've ever had in my life!!  It was amazing.So why after eating some awesome food would I give this place a mediocre rating?  Because we had a super crappy/lazy waitress.  We planned to order drinks with our meal but she took the drink menu away as soon as we ordered.  She never asked if we wanted dessert.  She never came to refill our glasses and we ended up waiting around 10 minutes for her to pick up our bill while she stood at the bar watching TV.  (I posted a picture.)Great food.  Lazy waitress. Can't say whether I'll return.Update:  My photo of the waitress watching TV was removed by Yelp.  Bummer!
2	My last review was accurate. 17 bucks for a burger fries tea and tip is too high for lunch. They must expect convention people. Surprised how packed it was.
5	We came in at about 6:30 pm tonight (Sunday). Party of 15 without reservations. The hostess setup tables and sat us in about 3 minutes. Our server (Lauren) was a rock star. Food came fast, drinks stayed full, she pre-bussed and boxed food to keep the table orderly. Mussels were good, onion rings were amazing. Hot beef was good, Diamond Burger was good, Mac n cheese was good. I highly recommend based on this experience!
1	This used to be one of my favorite places downtown, but my last two visits have been less than desirable. I decided to give it another chance after my last visit, which I did not review (rotten avocado on my $15 grilled chicken salad).This time we waited 15 minutes for the server to visit the table. It seemed as if there was a bit of a miscommunication with who was supposed to be waiting on us. If it were busy, I would've been more understanding, but since the inside of the restaurant was nearly empty my patience was running thin.I ordered the black bean burger, which is supposed to come on a brioche bun with guacamole. Instead I received a stale corn-dusted bun with a slight avocado smear. The burger was decent, but not up to the quality that I had previously been served ( this used to be my favorite veggie burger in the city). Also, a $1.50 upcharge for a "salad" that consisted of a small side of lettuce with balsamic seemed a bit steep.I'll be dining elsewhere next time!
2	I had the blackened mahi sandwich, there was an upcharge of like $2 for the salad instead of fries, so I went with the slaw instead, but I soon found out that the sandwich already came with slaw on the side so I had an excesive amount of slaw to deal with. The sandwich was good and the slaw was average. it was very loud inside but not from patrons, it was the kitchen staff . Our table had a bit of a tacky film on it, which grossed me out. Our waitress wasn't very good, Olga or something was her name. She didn't tell of any food specials or that there were seasonal drafts on tap. We only happened to find out from another customer. When we asked her what beers were on tap she said  "It's on the card" when in reality none of the 10 or so seasonals were on the card...sigh she must not be working for tips or the alcohol sales. There was nothing at diamond market that made me want to go back again.
4	Diamond is located on Market Square in downtown Pittsburgh. It's a very nice area albeit too many pigeons lol. Good amount of outdoor seating. The food is very good; I had the Mango Salmon, which is why I rated them "spendy", although there are plenty of less pricey options making it affordable. They also have a great draft selection, including a personal favorite "Franziskaner Hefeweizen". Two people in my party had the big cod sandwich; it was huge and according to them tasty.
4	The best thing was the potatoes- just like my Grandma's - just a little lumpy so you know they're real! Mediteranean chicken was very good also. My husband didn't care much for his Simply Grilled chicken, kind if boring, but you get what you ask for.
5	Love the food here! I always have the home style hot open turkey sandwich! It is absolutely delicious! The mashed potatoes are super creamy and yummy! The second time at the restaurant, our waitress wasn't very attentive nor present when taking our order. My friend is gluten free and specifically asked for no bun with her burger and the waitress didn't really understand. When the food came, the burger still had a bun and the waitress still was confused. Other than that, I love this place!
4	My fiance and I came here yesterday before going to a musical downtown.  The food here is incredible as well as the service and the drinks.  Their happy hour is $1 off everything which is pretty great.  The only negative part about this place is the menu options are kind of limited but what is on the menu is all excellent.  Their fresh cut fries are incredible.  I would definitely suggest this place and I will be coming back!
1	Atmosphere was crowded and poor. staff was appalled when we said we were going to switch to a table in the bar area from the bar itself. Ordered A bbq burger which came burnt and flavorless, they have an open kitchen and food saftey seemed non existent. No hair protection, gloves few and far between cooks wiping their faces adjusting hats(tree was one wearing a hat the rest had no hair protection) without changing gloves. Seriously reconsider before eating here.
4	Cool place in market square, downtown Pittsburgh. Parking is tricky but we took the shuttle from the hotel. Place was packed even on the patio so we knew it must be good. We got right in with our table of two. Good selection of craft beers. Would have liked to see a description of them though because you can't always trust the name for choosing to your taste. We had a burger, perogies, and homemade beef veggie soup. Awesome taste and presentation. Service was good, our drinks never ran dry. They had TVs throughout. If you come to market square I would stop here.
2	5 people at the bar, 5 waiters hangin out in kitchen area chatting it up. Finally bar tender waits on us. She was great. Obviously no manager on duty at 9pm on Wednesday.
3	This is a good restaurant in Marketsquare Pittsburgh. Nothing is too over the top about this establishment but if you are looking for good food, this is a great choice. There may be some more higher end restaurants to choose from in this area but if you're looking for some bang for your buck, this is a great selection.The engagement grilled cheese is popular and it did not disappoint. My burger was very well prepared. Overall, I would certainly dine at this restaurant again.
2	Not very impressed.  The server station at the front door made it so busy and nowhere to stand coming in.   The food was bland. The fries weren't  great.  They were shoestring.   The waiter never came to the table.  We had to flag one down.  Finally a guy stopped just to get us drinks then nobody ever came back.  Had to again flag a waitress who finally got us a server.  Then towards the end the server seemed like he was pushing us out.
4	I really like this place. It's not a chain restaurant and serves up some simple fare...which is a breath of fresh air - given the number of restaurant chains seemingly continuing to sneak in to the Market Square area. The place isn't big, by any means, but is lively and vibrant with a cozy bar area with plenty of spirits, should you be so inclined. As for the food, it's salads, sandwiches, burgers, and fries...with some good entrees sprinkled in the mix as well.  The fries are certainly worthy of a try...though they can be difficult to share because they're pretty, darn good. Good for lunch...good for dinner...this place is a good stop if you're in the downtown area looking for a place that could accommodate almost everyone's palate.  Good eats!
