5	So far a good experience. Highly excellerated learning environment.
1	I did not like this school,they do not have any kind of sports at the school, also they took 100 $ from my money for activity fees and they asked me to pay for the lunch and the principle and the assistant TOOK my son money and they refused to give him the LUNCH or refund the MONEY even though I wrote that with a CHECK???All what the school care is the money NOT the kids or their reputation!!DO not through your kid there it is a BAD school!!!  They do not at all care about their reputation!!!!
1	I can't believe I didn't review this school after my son having wasted 3 precious yrs.This school has no academic standards and principal is an extremely rude woman.She treats parents as her students . My son never brought any Reading homework in his entire 3rd yr.My son's first grade teacher, Mrs cote brought the worst out of him and he dreaded going to school every day.2nd grade tracher,Ms Stephens had hard time understanding that when parents email with a question,she should reply.Parents are informed at very last min of important changes.On first day of this school yr,we got email from Mrs. Edris -the horrible principal that they couldn't find anyone for catering lunch and also there will be no after care on part time basis .This school is such a rip off that last yr they charged 15$/hr for after care.Thank god my son is now thriving at New  vista .i wish I moved him out of this school early on.
1	This school is for-profit, and proudly NON-PLAY based. People here will say any school that IS play based is a "daycare". From what I learned about this school, there is a lot of super-structured worksheet and ditto-based learning -- really boring stuff for kids as young as 4 or 5. There seems to be a lot of squabbling between the children instead of proper conflict resolution due to limited toys and resources.Adults are always trying to turn children into small grown ups. We want kids to grow up so quickly and be the best at everything, instead of loving our children for who they are. Children need support, love, room to grow and fail, as well as PLAY TIME! Just like we work for part of the day and have other aspects of our life, a child's day can't be ENTIRELY play based. However, play should be valued and supported.For parents who I know work at Intel, or other places nearby, this is not the school for your bright, intelligent or gifted children -- especially if you want your child's intelligence and creativity fostered! Plus, the owner of the school is a businesswoman. She doesn't really seem to have any passion or interest in education or its merits whatsoever.Be warned!
