5	THE BEST! If you're looking for an amazing makeup partner for a special event, look no further than Bryanna Casey Makeup!!!In addition to having killer instincts of what works best on her clients, she is a complete pleasure to work with. She is doing my makeup for my June wedding, and I couldn't be more excited. She recently devoted an afternoon to my makeup trial, where she walked me through every step of the way and made sure I was feeling comfortable and glam throughout the entire process. I especially loved how flawless the airbrush application made my skin look. She was really able to create a look that was "me" - just the best version of me!Her diverse background (New York fashion week, special effects, etc) ensures she is up on all the makeup trends, including lash application. I can't wait to get my set in a few short months and look -- and more importantly, feel -- my best for my big day.  I would wholeheartedly recommend Bryanna for any job.
5	Bryanna is pure MAGIC.She did my hair and makeup for my wedding last June and I could not have been happier with the results. She devoted an entire evening to the trial a few weeks before the wedding. On the day of she spent as much time with me as I needed making everything look perfect, and she even did touch-ups right after the ceremony so my post-ceremony pictures with my husband were gorgeous.She is a total natural, she knows exactly what she's doing and she will make you feel SO beautiful on your big day. And, bonus, she's a rad person to hang out with, so you will be having a fabulous time, and will look runway ready at the end of it!LOVE you, Bryanna Casey!!
5	Not only is Bryanna an extremely talented makeup artist, but she is also an absolute pleasure to work with! I couldn't have asked for a more perfect experience for my wedding, from my makeup trial to the actual day of the wedding she made me feel at ease and beautiful! During my trail when I was trying to figure out exactly what I wanted, her instinct on what would work for me was amazing and I was completely wowed by the final product! Another great thing about Bryanna is that she is easy to talk to and is understanding about any changes that you want to be made. Her desire to make you feel comfortable, confident, and happy with your makeup is what makes her the best.  I greatly appreciated her professionalism, the day of the wedding she was prompt and had an exact timeline in order to get my whole wedding party done in time. She made the experience fun while keeping everyone on track. This was such a relief as the bride! I received so many rave reviews from my wedding party about how great Bryanna was; she made everyone feel absolutely gorgeous! I would without a doubt recommend Bryanna Casey Makeup for any special event.
5	They say what you see is what you get and after seeing her amazing hair and makeup I knew I had to have her do my makeup/hair for my wedding. She was absolutely amazing!!!
5	AHHMAZING!!! Bryanna does my eyelash extensions on a regular basis and I am truly addicted! She is the best! If you are looking for an amazing make up artist, look no further! Bryanna did my make up for a black tie event and it was my first experience with airbrushing...I AM ADDICTED! She does flawless work and is such a pleasure to work with!
5	There's people who do makeup, and then there's makeup ARTISTS. Bryanna is an AMAZING artist!! She is not only the most talented makeup artist I have seen (if you don't believe me, take a look at her site), she has been doing my eyelash extensions for a couple months and I absolutely love them. At first I was pretty reluctant because I didn't want to worry about the time or investment, but they are worth every minute and every penny. She's incredibly professional and the whole process is pretty easy. I have gotten tons of compliments and was surprised that people don't automatically realize I have them! So glad I don't have to worry about mascara or taking off eye makeup, either. Makes a huge difference in saving time for me. Thanks Bry!!!
5	New York City lost an amazingly talented artist when Bryanna moved to AZ! She did makeup and hair for my cousins wedding and everyone never looked better! She is extremely professional and makes everyone comfortable immediately in her presence. My cousins wedding was at 9am which meant the girls had to start getting ready at 4am and Bryanna was not only on time but super cheerful and ready for the day. She has a colorful array of makeup and gives her clients a look that is uniquely them. No request goes unheard and she is very patient and kind. I would only hire if I could and am very jealous of everyone in AZ that gets to have her be apart of their special day.
