1	Terrible customer service.  Watch out!  I agree they are an unethical company.  I was with them for 10 years. I called to cancel my service months before the actual cancel date and the not so friendly customer service rep said I owe 90 days per an agreement back in 2002.  They dismissed my original cancel notice and said I have to pay at least 30 days more!!!  And she was doing me a favor and hung up on me!!!
1	I inherited a Muzak account from the previous business owner.  I couldn't believe that anyone would pay over $100 a month for this crappy service.  Every time the wind would blow we would lose the connection to the dish on the roof.  $300+ service fee for some guy to drive 4 hours to fix it.  Unbelievably poor service and super expensive on top of that.   I immediately canceled the service only to to told that there was some 60 month contract of  which I or the previous owner had never seen..........I'll let my lawyer handle that one.  If you are using Muzak, I recommend you get out ASAP.   Sirius satellite service is only $25 a month and even better is their internet radio for $35 a month and both have much better selection, and you can make the changes on the fly.  An even better option and the one I went with was Pandora DMX business service.  It is only $25 a month and you can tailor make the music to suit your needs, changing the stations is easy, and the system is programmable to allow you to set schedules, etc..  Much more feature reach than anything that crappy Muzak offers and less than 25% of the cost for me.
1	Please business owner, stay away from Muzak , I had a really bad e experience with this company, first is very expensive , second when u have a problem you have to wait 40 minutes or more for somebody respond , after you wait so long their customer services is horrible , they cant help you,  and they told you somebody going to call u back because we don't know how to help you, after that no body call you back after they told you.  I called another company and I find the same service for 56.00 a month and I was paying to Muzak 250.00 a month the is a big difference , after that a traying to cancel my contract with muzak, And the was very rude with me, And after that they send me a email, that said they i have to pay them 6900.00 for the next 38 month , they loose their mind , they want me to pay for nothing , they service is horrible and rude people, and very expensive they only reason they a stay with them because the prior owner have a contract with the but I can keep paying so much for a poor service and very expensive month fee , I have to send my case to my lawyer ..Please , please stay away from Muzak you can find a better company and service for a LESS  money.  One start because I don't have choice, I would give them cero start if a could..
5	I have used Muzak for 2 years and am always complimented by my customers on the music we use.  Whenever there has been a reception problem, which is rare, I call them and they have a service person right out.  I pay $40 a month, which is comparative with other satellite services, and am very satisfied with the service.  Yes, there are other satellite services out there but none that can offer in house customer service like Muzak.  Why people are paying over $100/mo for there service is beyond me.
1	This company's contract is very frustrating to work with. I signed a 60 month (5Year) contract and in their fine print, if you don't notify them within 90 days of the end of the 60 month contract, they automatically re-sign you for another 60 months.  I have used them for 8 years but they still want more money out of me.  I pay $71.28 for a cassette tape player. I can not speak directly with my sales rep, at least she is willing to send me an email. I did get her name from someone on the 800 number I was directed to call if I had questions about the "nominal rate increase"...again. I am still working on canceling service.
1	You should check out PlayNetwork.com.  Great customer service with a ton of service options that won't break the bank.
1	I have been working with Muzak for nearly 7 years, and just his year their service has went from amazing to crap.At the resort where I work we had some construction going on starting in May.  Due to the construction the satellite for our Muzak player was obstructed so we could not get signal.  We were aware that this was the issue and were notified by the tech that once the construction was over he could come back out and get us back up and running.  I called on 7/16 to get a tech to come back out as our work was over and we were starting to get busy again and needed the lobby music and the ambient music to begin working again.  The girl on the phone said it would be 24-48 hours and someone would call us to let us know an ETA.  No call came.  Given that was a Thursday I realized that because it stretched into the weekend we may not get our service until Monday.  Monday came and went and still nothing.  I called back a few days later and was told that our area was backed up and it would be taken care of on 7/25.  The day came and went and still no tech.  Not even a follow up call as to why.  I called back 7/26 and was told by Chris that he would reach out to the tech to see why he never showed up and that someone would call me to update me.  Still nothing.  I called back this morning and was told that since it was the weekend the tech isn't working, which is completely different than what Chris told me the day prior, and that he felt like someone would definitely be here tomorrow, Monday.  I'm understanding that things happen, but it seems like they would be willing at least to give us a call and keep us in the loop as to why it has now been 12 whole days since my first service call and they can't get someone out here.  If I had to recommend any music service at all for your business it would definitely not be this one.
