4	This place is great. Food is generally inexpensive and their food does not drip with grease like many other Mexican taco shops do.  I ordered the fish burrito ($4). The way they do their fish is a little different that I'm accustomed to. They seem to just grill their fish (tilapia), instead of using the deep fried battered fish that I usually see. Also, it seems like no sour cream, tar tar sauce or guacamole has been added. I'm not sure if you can order the stuff optionally. Definitely a much healthier tasting burrito than the nearby Roberto's though, which I'm happy about. I'm definitely coming back to try their other stuff.
5	After coming home from California I thought I would never find tacos that would match the ones from a taco truck. I've been on a journey going place to place to satisfy my taco cravings. I went to places like Robertos, Amigos, and even Mexican cuisine restaurants. I was on the verge of giving up until I came across this cozy little beach-feel taco shop. The owners are super friendly and have to say THE BEST tacos in Vegas hands down. The tacos aren't the traditional Mexican tacos, more like island-inspired tacos. Fish tacos are to die for, but you also have to try the potato tacos. Sounds awkward but it's delicious. My favorite thing about the restaurant? They have over 30-40 different hot sauces ranging from mild to the adventurous super hot. Located pratically on the UNLV campus for convenience and the prices? it's cheap! 3 tacos and a drink is like 4.99$If you're driving by this place make sure you stop by and try it!
4	I'd heard good things about the potato tacos so I made it over one night.  He also had potato taquitos and when I couldn't decide he offered me a free potato taco so I could try both.  And then they made me two free potato tacos.  The potatoes had a great flavor- they were crispy, not greasy at all.   Excellent fresh salsa and guacamole.  Kind of a hole in wall place, but overall a great place to hang out near campus.  Good prices and free wi-fi.
5	Randomly came here for lunch and it was SICK.  Not only was the price $, but the beer was a $.  Happy hour here put a smile on my face.  I would careless if there was a golden taco on the strip.   Give this place some love and you'll never believe it.  One of the best fish tacos. I left full and buzz for 20 bucks!
3	I am a frequent customer at Baja Bar & Grill because it is a perfect place to stop for a bite to eat when leaving UNLV.  It is located on the west side of Maryland, so it's easy to get to if you park on UNLV's campus.  It's even a good place to go instead of the library because they have free wi-fi!The ambience is exactly what you want from a Baja style grill.  There is a selection of about 50 different types of salsas and hot sauces, and there are smart-ass stickers and signs on the wall that say stuff like, "Pleas be patient, I only have two speeds, and I don't think you will like the other", and "Wife and dog missing: reward for dog".  There are about 5 tables and a small little bar to sit at, so it's pretty small.  The food is solid and consistent.  I've never been blown away by anything on the menu, and I've never been disappointed by anything, either.  I usually get the fish tacos, which are grilled rather than fried, and the carne asada tacos.  The tacos are all served on small corn tortillas with cabbage, tomato, onion, cilantro, and cotija cheese.  The fish usually gets overpowered by the other flavors, but the overall flavor of the tacos are good, and the fish is Tilapia so it doesn't have much flavor to begin with.  I like to use a mix of their house green salsa and a little habanero salsa on the tacos, but you have a variety to choose from with all of their hot sauces.  The Burritos are also pretty good, my favorite being the fish burrito.  They are a pretty good size and are only around 5 bucks.  The key at a place like this is to enjoy your food with a Mexican beer.  They have a selection of mexican beers that really change the entire meal.  Fish tacos are great and all, but fish tacos with a cerveza is what life is all about!The service is friendly, courteous, and perfect for a baja style grill.  The guys behind the counter are always very entertaining, as they love talking to the customers about whatever is going on.  You know the place is gonna be good when you notice a lot of regulars walk in talking to the customers.If you go on a Monday you can get really cheep beer, if you go on Tuesday you get all tacos for a buck, and if you come on fridays you will get a combination of cheep beer and tacos for a buck.
2	Baja offers so-so tacos, but the establishment is plagued by lack of cleanliness. Ambiance has this hole-in-the-wall feel. Decked out in wood paneling, aluminum ceiling, and brown (faux?) leather seating, they really strive for this beach and laid back atmosphere. But I was little grossed out (as Misti remarked) about the stained trashcan right next to the tables and bar stools. The fountain station was leaking and the cup covers were not replenished. The area was also littered with boxes and dirty straw covers. That aside, the owner was really nice and explained the menu and recommended the fish, and notified me the 3 tacos + drink= $4.99 deal. So I ordered the chicken, pork, and fish taco.Tacos are served on foam plates and they're a bit small and kinda skimpy on the meat portions. My favorite was the chicken taco. It had the best flavor and it wasn't oily. Pork (I don't know why they don't just call it carnitas) was fine, nothing special. The fish is grilled which I loved. But it was actually disappointing. Instead of a nice and firm filet, the fish was masticated to bits. The flavor tasted liked old bay seasoning and where was my citrus lime? Even though they had a massive selection of hot sauces, I grabbed one that was already expired. Ugh. I prefer a smaller selection of freshly made salsas and hot sauces over this massive collection. Quality over quantity, man.  With a little scrub down and a better fish taco, Baja could be a college staple. In the meantime, I'll stick to Yayo.
5	I have to admit, I was slightly hesitant to go here since they totally replaced one of my favorite after-class lunch spots, East Boy, BUT they made really good food and I'm so glad my friend convinced me to give them a chance.Atmosphere was like what any typically college student would enjoy.  Place was well-kept and clean, yet it still has an urban feel to it.  If you ever get bored, take some time to read their bumper stickers/decorations.  You'll get a kick out of the sarcasm.The staff was really friendly and took the time to explain how their menu and specials worked when they learned we were mostly first-timers.  Food came out pretty quickly and we got exactly what we asked for. :-)I loved that they also carried about 100 different bottles of hot sauces.  For those of you who love spicy food, this would probably be like heaven for you.We weren't there for happy hour, but the deals looked pretty awesome.  Great quality food for cheap, and cheap booze to go along with it!Would definitely make frequent trips back and try out the rest of their menu!
5	Awesome people and yummy food. I always get the fish potato burrito! If I'm ever craving for Mexican food this is the place to come NO MATTER HOW FAR THE DRIVE! :]
4	Get their 3 tacos deal with a drink for $4.99.They have happy hour on Tuesdays after 2pm.This place has friendly service.. very friendly, imo :).Potato's not bad. I like their fish and beef tacos.
4	I really liked it and it's become a new place on my list of places to go around campus.The owner and staff is friendly and helpful.The food, price and specials are good.Nice, personal vibe, I love the atmosphere, great hole in the wall place that makes you feel like you're not in Vegas anymore (or in a cookie cutter corporate chain- yay for variety).Tried the steak, fish and potato tacos, all good. Rice and beans are quite good too (for just being rice and beans).Yum :)
2	I had their special 3 tacos and drink for 3.99 I tried the fish, steak, and potato tacos with their homemade salsa. I liked the potato taco not a fan of the fish. The customer service was amazing and I could not have meet better people.
5	$4.99 -3 mix and match tacos!I VERY much enjoyed how these tacos! I tried the Shrimp, Fish, and Potatoe tacos- ALL DELICIOUS but specifically the fish and potatoe tacos. The fish taco is made with grilled talapia (not fried or battered like most baja fish tacos). The tacos come with a HUGE load of the basic mix of pico de gallo, cabbage/lettuce, onion, and QUESO fresco which I absolutely LOVE! I mean really, they are loaded. They use the small local brought YELLOW corn tortillas- which held very well!! (The cook would not tell me the brand for some reason :( )Did I mention a fantasitc array of HOT SAUCES available at the counter to add to the already delicious tacos?? I recommmend using BLUE WARES hot sauce with the shrimp tacos- it's a great taste! The cook threw in their own house sauce which had a blended baja flavor- not bad at all! Note: the house sauce is SPICY FOR THE WIMPS and JUST RIGHT FOR THE PROS!! :DOn top of that, the owner and cook were very polite and more than happy to help me out with the menu on my first visit here. This joint is located right next to UNLV, it's small, and not at all fancy. The have a bar, cheap beer, and happy hour (Mon & Tues starting at 2pm) during the week also!
5	Service is what gives this place five stars. The guy at the register the day I walked in (presuming he's the owner but I could be wrong) instantly started up a conversation with me like we were best buddies for years. The entire staff there was talkative and engaging, truly getting to know who you were as a person instead of a standard customer. It made it seem like this was a family owned business of some sort by the service, and I have to say with personalization like that... this place is a neighborhood favorite!Tried the three tacos for $4.99... great deal! You can mix and match, and they offer you a seasoned corn cob with it. The french fries are amazing (not greasy and actually taste/look like they're real potatoes!), also might I mention the alcohol and the enormous selection of hot sauces to choose from? If you're a fan of spicy, and you want to sample an array of different sauces... this would be the place to check out. This has rated one of my favorite hole-in-the-wall restaurants around UNLV/in Las Vegas!
5	I love it here. End of story. I was hooked on their chicken quesadilla's when they first opened about a year ago. I probably ate there once or twice a week. I've always been a fan of local eats but with the surrounding corporate mexican options in the neighborhood, it can get easily overlooked. Now that I'm older and wiser I've explored the rest of their menu, I can still say this is my favorite mexican joint in the area. There potato tacos are unique and to absolutely tasty. They say they're known for their fish taco, but in my opinion, their potato taco has NOTHING on their fish taco. They have taco Tuesdays which makes the tacos affordable for the typical college student, AND they have happy hour on their beer. Now really, let's think this through here, a local mexican place for dollar tacos and happy hour on beer?! HOW IS A COLLEGE STUDENT TO TURN THIS DEAL DOWN?! Exactly. The owner's a laugh and super laid back. I love all the fun signs they use for decoration, it adds to the local feel with tons of character. Next time you're at UNLV between classes, you have to check this place out.
5	I love their tacos, esp. the fish and potato. Their chips and salsa was HUGE for one person (bring a friend).I tried fried oreos for the first time here. They were drizzled in chocolate sauce and fresh from the fryer!The owner and employees are really nice guys and make the dining experience that much better :)
3	Wasn't expecting too much for a joint near campus and I didn't get disappointed. I was looking for something quick, tasty, and cheap so I decided to try baja out. The interior is cool, plenty of table space and seats so not too shabby if you're having a working lunch or supper. The dude at the front was nice and polite. He explained the menu more or less; although, I could have inferred that their main items were tacos and burritos on my own.I did not like the fact that he charged more for hard-shell tacos, I don't think they're really unique and the incremental cost of producing them over soft-shell is marginal. Furthermore, the hard-shells were opened too far wide so it was difficult to bite into them. The beef was excellent though, juicy, marinated, and tender. The taco was also far too small, about the size of the palm of my hand. The rice and beans were delicious, very flavorful.The taste was good, but the pricing and quantity weren't completely there.
5	After a day of meetings and a pretty unappealing boxed lunch, I decided to stop by Baja Bar & Grill for a late lunch/early dinner.Fortunately for me, it was happy hour.  Three tacos and a beer cost me just under $5.00.  I thought to myself, wow, am I really in Vegas?  I had a shrimp, a fish and a chicken taco.  All three were nicely done.  I really enjoyed the chicken.  It had a nice crispy consistency.  Very good.The staff was helpful and friendly and seemed genuinely happy that I was dining with them. Stop by, it is worth a visit!
5	I actually come to this place maybe once a week!  It's one of my favorite local hangouts. The food is really good and the interior has a comforting factor.  The employees that work there are friendly and give the restaurant some character.  It makes this great local joint to grab a quick bite to eat!Whenever I eat there I generally get a chicken burrito or fish tacos (and potato tacos).  The fish tacos are extremely delicious! I would highly recommend this place for anyone who has not been there!Friendly, quick, and delicious.  Yum, yum, burritos and fish tacos!! I highly recommend for convenient, delicious food.  A MUST TRY!!!
3	They don't clean the grill here.  However, that's a good thing.  The flavors created by the crusty sear on that filthy grill are delicious.I ordered the three taco combo meal, without the beans and rice.  I think it's the #4 if you're ordering the McDonald's way.  The good thing about this deal is that you get to mix and match your tacos.  So I got the shrimp, carne asada, and their famous tilapia.  Served with a soda for $5.99 and it's a great deal for a lighter lunch.  Very delicious tacos loaded with shredded cabbage and sharp Mexican cheese, accompanied some fresh radish, cucumber, and homemade salsa.The hot sauce bar is pretty cool.  They serve about 50 different bottled hot sauces; I tried about 5 different ones that I thought were crazier looking.  I was hoping the flavor of the crazy looking hot sauce bottles would match their packaging, however each one disappointed.  The homemade salsa served with the tacos is fantastic.  Skip the bottled gimmicky stuff and stick with the sauce they put on the plate for you, just ask for an extra side. The grill at the Baja Bar and Grill wasn't the only thing that hasn't been cleaned in a while; the entire restaurant seemed just as dirty.  From the sticky, self-serve soda station covered with trash, to the overly stocked hot sauce buffet where each bottle was filthy and crusty by the 67 other people that used the bottle before you.  This place is kind of a dirty dive.  Did I mention the help yourself, complimentary licorice they offer to everyone?  Just think how many grubby hands dig their way into the tub o' twizzlers, right after they lick their fingers clean from the delicious tacos offered here.  I'm not a germaphobe, but there are a few things I would definitely stay away from at this restaurant. I'll come back to this place.  The tacos are amazing.  This place lost a star, maybe even two for cleanliness.  But like the saying goes, what doesn't kill you only makes you stronger.
5	Like the decor- it's fun and has all these little humorous signs posted for your entertainment.  It has been newly renovated to expand the front area to include more seating.  I like that there are many different selections of hot sauces for your enjoyment.  That was unique.  The food is good and the prices are awesome!! I went in on a Friday afternoon when there was $1 Fish tacos.  Tacos were delicious. It's the more authentic flour tortilla rounds and comes with an abundant helping of the condiments of onions, cilantro, cheese, lettuce, etc.  I also tried the potato taco which was hearty but really delicious.  For the price and being located near UNLV,  I was surprised not to have to wait for service.  The food is made as you order- but it didn't take that long to get my food and there was not a line. I would definitely recommend going there, especially if you need to use the internet as well. There's free wi-fi!! Doesn't get better than that!! They serve some beers as well!!
4	I love fish tacos. When I don't feel like driving out to henderson. I will stop here. I love the mango soda with 1 fish taco,1 shrimp taco, and 1 chicken taco. The fish is the best and I will stick with that and just order chips and dip. The prices are reasonable/cheap and it is located right beside the college. Yes, they have my favorite hot sauce Texas pete:)
4	the guys that run this place are really sweet, and their food is very good.  not your typical mexican slop.  it may take a minute for them to make it (mostly because they are usually busy), but it is worth it and they have free wifi and it is a fun atmosphere to relax in.  fresh food and good times
5	I love this place! On my last visit I got the fish and chips. -The "chips" were sliced thin enough to have crunch, but thick enough to have potato flavor. -The fish was not dry and evenly breaded. -They ran out of tartar sauce but who need's tartar sauce with all the sauces on display? I poured myself some green salsa (tomatillo?) and cilantro red sauce into little cups and dipped and dunked my fish. Yum! My own little twist on a U.K. classic. Without a doubt I will keep returning :)
5	My girlfriend and I have been going to Baja for happy hour for well over a year now and we'll continue to go--we've never left disappointed!The carnitas, chicken, and fish tacos are all great, but we're completely hooked on the potato tacos. I know it sounds weird, but their seasoned hash brown style potatoes make for awesome tacos. They run daily specials often, we're so hooked on the cheap beer and dollar tacos that we rarely stray, but I've never seen anyone order anything that doesn't look delicious.
4	like this place a lot. i rotate Baja and Yayo's (across the street from each other)  both have good food and beer!  Baja is much mellower as yayos gets loud with music and live bands/poetry etc, so if your not in the mood for that ,but still want some great tacos and beer, goto Baja!
5	So delicious, fresh and inexpensive what more can you say or ask for.
4	Potato Taco!!!! I feel as though I am addicted. It is an amazing taco. However, so are all their other tacos. They make it to order and the beans and rice are absolutely delicious. At work we usually have Cafe Rio Fridays, but now, we have to add Baja into the rotation. The atmosphere is really laid back and I enjoy reading all the signs they have up. There is always this guy sitting behind the counter when I come, not sure if he is the owner or not, but he is funny. He makes suggestions for me every time I come in. Trying something new each time. The potato taco is something I will get with every order though. It is that good to me. Happy hour is from 5-7 I think, $1 tacos and cheap beer, and every Friday is Fish Taco Friday which is $1 for fish tacos ALL day Friday. I do not like fish, but if you do, go for it. Lots of choices for hot sauce, drink selection is pretty decent, and their raspberry tea is pretty good. So far I like this place, especially the food I have had so far. I am happy that my co-worker and I have yummy Fridays!
4	Ive been feeling seafood recently and once again, Yelp to the Rescue! I've gone to Aloha Kitchen (same complex) a few times but never noticed this place. I walk-in and was immediately greeted by a very friendly and enthusiastic man.. I was looking through their menu for a while.. He told me their ingredients are fresh the fish is a big seller and the potato taco.. Then he told me about their special: 3 Tacos and a Drink for $4.99 (excluding the shrimp). Heck, that sounds good to me and throw in a 4th taco, make it the shrimp.*All the tacos were served in 2 mini corn tortillas, a slice of lime and they're own hot sauce/salsaBeef Taco: tiny diced pieces of steak, with the typical pico del gallo topping and some queso. barely any meat and barely any flavor.. Just a Filler.Fish Taco: tiny diced pieces of grilled Tilapia, topped with queso, pico de gallo but instead of lettuce, they used cabbage. Wasn't soaring with flavor but just right. The cabbage gave it a nice little snap to every bite.Potato Taco: stuffed with chunks of potato and also had the pico de gallo topping, queso plus some white and yellow shredded cheese. The potato was ridiculously tasty! The cheese was shredded cheese was went with the potatoes like bread and butter! Shrimp Taco: small pieces of shrimp that were soft not chewy,  pico de gallo and the crumbled queso went well with it. It was ok.*Fascinating amount of Hot Sauces to choose from! Im talkin' about  pushin'  about a 100 Different types! I wanted to taste my food, maybe next time I'll be daring and try some of them fire sauces! Cool Staff and Service, Good Prices and Food. Place was Bahafied!!
5	The owner and employees are super friendly.The food is always fresh and made to order. Their homemade salsa is great.They aim to be known as "Home of the Fish Taco," but their potato taco really gives them a unique and unbelievably delicious edge.Their biggest weakness is their marketing, because if the rest of Las Vegas really knew how great they were, this restaurant would be packed all day, everyday.They are very cheap and the beers beat any bar's happy hour out there.
4	Another great hidden restaurant in the college corridor. You know you're in for some cheap eats when there's a place around the college. The food here is really good and seasoned just right. Everyone is friendly and treat you like family (good side of the family, not the cousin in prison side). I highly recommend coming here, shrimp burrito, super chicken burrito, carne asada taco, potatoe taco, fish taco, chicken nachos, and fish n chips washed down with deep fried Oreos. Everyone here all thumbs up from the crew. Highly recommend!!
4	A great lunch stop. The food was very good. Try the carne its very good. The staff was very friendly I will be back in very soon.
5	Well, where do I start? I have been coming here for almost two years now and have tried almost everything. I love the fish tacos, potato tacos, chicken taco, and the surf and turf burrito. Their prices of food and beer is spot on!    The staff is excellent. I am always greeted with friendly demeanor and have growing to enjoy coming here even when I'm not working. This place will always be a prime spot for me when I want some great food, cheap beer, and laughs.
4	i ordered their Beef Super Burrito, and it was decently yummy.  The guys who work there are super nice! I will definitely go back since it's so close to UNLV.
5	Happy Hour 4-7?! $1.00 tacos?! Great service?! Nice portion size?!This place is great! We have been three times now, and have not been disappointed on any visit! Despite arriving 5 minutes to 7 our first visit, the staff said not to rush,they would honor the happy hour special priced tacos when we were ready. I joked with the staff that they boast great fish tacos, and the last great fish tacos that I consumed were just off of the beach in San Felipe, where I watched the fisherman bring the catch in, clean, prep, cook and serve them all with the fish being under an hour old. That was their competition.WOW! They did not disappoint. The fish was flaky, flavorful and normal sized for soft tacos.With each visit, we have tried to change our orders up some, to taste more of their wares. This last time, the photo of the nacho plate on the wall caught my attention. Asking what was on the nachos, they listed off all of the ingredients, I made my customization and sat down to watch a basketball game on the TV while the food was being prepared.Unfortunately, their list of nacho toppings did not include the beans that were included. Picky palette over here, so we asked if we could get another plate, without beans, which we were going to pay for and take the first plate home for the wife to have lunch the following day. They had no part of it. Apologizing for leaving that bit out, they whipped up another plate for me quickly, and made sure they had the order right.The staff is friendly and inviting, fun to joke around or converse with while enjoying some inexpensive and tasty food!
5	Have been here twice now.  Stopped in first for lunch and got their 3 tacos lunch special.  The tacos were great.  The owner is super friendly and enthusiastic.   A few days later I stopped by for their happy hour special -- $1 tacos and $2 beers.  Tacos were great again and the staff was friendly.I will definitely be back to this place.  You should stop by, too!
5	Came here for the famous potato taco. Was not disappointed. The man at the counter, presumably the owner, was very nice. He asked if I had ever been there before and explained all of the deals and menu items when he figured this was my first time. I had the 3 tacos and a drink deal. Such a great deal! I got 2 potato tacos and a veggie one. While I was waiting for my food, I was looking at the variety of hot sauces they had. I randomly chose mango hot sauce, chipotle hot sauce, and tapatio (not so randomly). When my food came out, it was hot and fresh. These were some of the best tacos I've ever had. They were not what I expected. The potato tacos were served on two 4-inch corn tortillas, insert potato, shredded cheese, lettuce, and pico de gallo. The veggie taco was the same thing, but with beans. I will soon be a regular of this place. Taco Tuesday may be my new thing. These tacos for 99 cents?! Yes!
4	One of those hole in the wall places, or like hole near unlv. it's very nice environment i ll give it that. Funny stickers and Art and weirdness ora going on in this place. food is tasty, affordable, and not so common. cool spot to just kick it, meet friends, and grab a bite. I know they have some kind of happy hour but i m not really much of a drinker so i m quite unsure how good of the deals are, but i m sure you wont be disappointed
5	Baja always has great food and great service and the owner is always friendly!  Try the potato tacos, its sliced potatoes pan fried with cheese served taco style.  They also have a ton of hot sauce that is always fun to grab a few and try them on different tacos.  My only complaint is their fountain drink machine, granted they did fix the ice machine, but sometimes the drinks are flat.  Just need to tune up the carbonation and it will be great!
4	This place is not your normal taco place, this place serves street tacos like you'll find in LA and San Diego when you're wandering around.  I'm a fan of this place obviously, and it's super convenient located a quick walk from campus, and the free wifi is a bonus too.I'm a fan of the chicken tacos, but really, all of the tacos are good, and I was even pleasantly surprised by the potato taco the first time I tried it.  The toppings are traditional, and definitely need to be spiced up for my taste, but lo and behold, there are like 20 different hot sauces to try.  You can ask the owner or cooks for suggestions, they know all the sauces they have.  Also, how can you not love a place that does a great taco Tuesday and have great beer prices?
5	I love this place! You cant beat the prices and the food is sooooo delicious. They have a lot of options and can accommodate anyone - meat lovers, vegetarians and I even heard vegans. They have a fun drink and hot sauce selection. Awesome place between classes or on a lunch break.... quick, reliable and super friendly! Make sure to enjoy the daily drink or food specials.
4	Good food, great prices. Worth the drive away from the strip. Cool guy runs the place.
5	Outstanding little restaurant. Service was prompt and the food was delicious! If your in the area, you should definitely try it out.
5	Inexpensive Food and great taste
4	Great taco's, that are nice and cheap. Plus I love the all the hot sauces.
5	Stumbled upon this place when i was driving down maryland pkwy. Tacos are good, sopes are legit and the fired oreos are to die for. believe me! #foodiehuxstable out!!
4	Good, cheap tacos on tuesday but outdated specials on yelp and outside. Not so big on the snarky bumper stickers inside, but can't really complain about dollar tacos.
3	Not a bad taco place. We tried the potato, chicken, beef, pork and fish tacos. The chicken and potato taco were the best out of the selection. What was really good was their salsa. The inside of the restaurant is small and cute- a good college hangout place. The restaurant is in a sketchy neighborhood though... Good thing they don't stay open late.
5	Great place to eat if you are tired of the expensive joints on the strip. The Potato Taco is outstanding.  Since the food seems to be cooked to order, and service is a bit slow, make sure you order all of the food for the happy hour special up front because you may not get a chance to get in a second or third order.  The owner was friendly.  The food was good. They even had food for my vegetarian.  Win all around
5	During a girls' weekend in Vegas, we got tired of the continuous gluttony of the buffets and the fake-ness of the strip and decided to try some 'local' place.  We somehow found ourselves in the parking lot of the strip mall where this hole in the wall joint in located.  From the outside, it didn't look like much.  But when 2 cop cars pulled up next to us and entered this place for lunch, we were sold.  Hey, the whole point was to see where the locals were!We had a great time talking with the staff and just hanging out in the place.The potato tacos were fantastic!  Must try!
3	The inside is decorated really divy by in a nice way. It kind of reminded me of a place on the island of Hawaii. The tacos were good. I ordered the $4.99 special of 3 tacos and a drink. We ordered the steak, chicken, fish, potato and carnitas tacos. The steak being our least favorite. Not very flavorful but the carnitas was good and the potato taco was different. The owner was extremely nice and very helpful. They have a TON of hot sauces to chose from (all bottled).  PROS: Good prices and specials that included a beverage. CONS: Tacos were smaller than we expected (like street tacos in Mexico). Therefore the filling was a small portion.
4	My friend found this place on Yelp and dragged me here after I picked her up from the airport. We got fish tacos and potato tacos. The fish tacos were awesome! At most places, the fish tacos consist of fried fish and you would judge them on how much they don't taste like fish sticks. Here, the fish tacos are made with GRILLED TILAPIA. It's a nice change and it tastes fantastic!The potato tacos are also awesome! The shell reminds you of a soft bird nest that holds the flavorful potato together. We went on Friday and there was no one there (apparently UNLV doesn't have classes on Fridays?). The owners were very friendly and even threw in some fried oreos for us. They're pretty good. Not too different from the county fair staple, but who can hate county fair fried food :)Definitely coming back here on my next Vegas trip!My recommendations:- Potato taco- Fish taco
4	Good food and service.  You can't beat the price.  Reminds me of Paquito Mas in L.A.
4	very tasty.  potato tacos are shablamtastic.    this will be our go-to taco place now.  (sorry chipotle)
4	I recommend trying the chicken tacos but you must have their potato specialty, pretty unique. The regular fish taco wasn't a knock out, the shrimp might be the way to go, either wasn't expensive . Lots of different hot sauces to try. Lighthearted beach decor.  Owner cares about his food. Bargain overall.
2	I took a friend here thinking maybe she would like it because of the high rating. I thought maybe I just had a average run there (giving it a 3 star rating). The food wasn't anything to return to and the owner didn't really want to honor the free Yelp check in. He said it was an older offer. My friend who is new to Yelp was excited to try it but wasn't blown away like the high star rating claims. I wasn't either. Fool me twice. . . .
4	The tacos here take a while to be prepared but are worth the wait. Went with a friend that's short on praise and even he thought it was great.
5	So so so so good. Check out the potato tacos so crunchy and unique. I love them! I will be back a million times. The owner is a complete doll and so friendly and helpful. The food is delicious and happy hour can't be beat!
3	Solid burrito spot at very reasonable prices, especially at happy hour ($1 tacos and $2 beers...felt like being back in college). The potato tacos are indeed quite interesting, so be sure to try at least one. Service was above average. Overall, nothing blew me away but I absolutely left full and happy and with hardly a dent in my wallet.
3	Riding around in Vegas, looking for a cheap lunch....decided to stop in. Pleasantly surprised. Excellent burritos, clean. If you want to get away from the strip for a few minutes or you get a hankering for a burrito, you could do worse.
5	Fantastic! We were looking for another taco spot but stumbled upon this place and I'm glad we did! Fish tacos are grilled and amazing. Potato taco was different, but oddly enough good! I don't live near unlv. But I would drive all the way here for the tacos again!
4	Casual and comfortable atmosphere. Excellent and friendly service... I tried the beef, chicken, fish, and potato tacos. They're not 1.00 during happy hour they're 1.25. The beef tacos were by far the best. The potato taco came in second. The chicken was bland and fish taco a little too fishy. I showed my yelp check in but instead of one full order of fried Oreos they gave us literally one Oreo. Overall happy with our experience.
4	Love this place! Their fish tacos are delicious. Plus they do a great happy hour later in the day (I think it goes from about 4-7) Shrimp and fish is always fresh and when you add avocado it's perfection. Their shrimp tacos are fantastic! I go here all the time and have never been disappointed.I just wish they were open a little later!
4	Wow, what a great Mexican place! The most amazing collection of sauces I've ever seen. Their homemade sauce was enough though, the food is very tasty, and the price is certainly right. Fish tacos FTW!
5	Incredibly fresh food with some great hospitality and friendliness. Definitely worth a regular visit!
5	Delicious and flavorful food at a great price. Loved the hospitality and coziness of it and the salsa was amazing!
5	Outstanding shrimp tacos! Like others said, staff is friendly and had several suggestions. I will be bringing friends and family back!
2	It wasn't what I was hoping for.  It was Tuesday so naturally I wanted tacos and chips with guacamole. Pretty disappointed with them. When I walked in there was a guy sitting on the bench watching TV and reading a newspaper. Two guys were out front chatting about whatever. Not a single person was in there during the 25 minutes were in the place. After a few minutes of looking at a menu at the counter the bench guy got up and asked if we found them on yelp.  We said yes. Took our order. Then the outside guy came in to cook our food. Bench guy talked to us like we were stupid.   I ordered two tacos one potato,  one veggie. Come to find out its the same just veggie has beans on top of the potato. My husband got a fish taco (which he said was the worst one,  even though it is their specialty), chicken and pork taco. He said the chicken and pork tasted the same. Maybe we missed what the hype is.  My guess is since the guacamole was out, it must have been the magic we were missing.
5	Great Food in a nice little Spot. Lots of parking and cheap taco. It's like Mexico in the states, the tacos are made the same way great place to grab a beer and a taco. Great prices and good food
5	This is my favorite taco shop in Vegas! Everything is a home run...1) Food...the tacos are GREAT! The potato and the pork are my personal favs! 2) Prices...the owner strives to keep the prices as low as possible without jeopardizing the quality of the food! Myself and a friend ordered 8 tacos and 2 beers...our bill...$14!!! 3) The Service...awesome! Super laid back and always helpful! If you're in the UNLV area you owe it to yourself to stop in...PS...the new Spam taco (aloha taco) is BOMB! Oh and make sure to load up on the salsa! It's so damn tasty!
4	Great tacos. Love the price. Only thing I'd say is that it took awhile to get my food with me being the only customer in there. other than that, they rock.
5	The potatos and veggie tacos were the best! Love all the sauces. The guys are so friendly and fun to talk to.
2	Wasn't too impressed.Pros: Free wifiClose to UNLVHas TV for entertainment while eatingShrimp cocktail was goodCons:Ice machine was broken, but they still were serving drinks from the machine.Also, there was no syrup in the soda machine, they should have placed a "not in service" sign and only sold bottled drinks instead of wasting people's money.Air conditioning didn't seem to be working, it was very hot in there.There was a junk mess where the seating area was.Honestly, we probably won't return here, I think I'm being generous with the stars.
5	I went here for $1.25 taco Tuesday with a friend and I am so glad I did. I had 2 beef (steak) tacos with lettuce and cheese but they will make anyway you want. The meat was well seasoned and vary tasty. They have a big selection of hot sauces and the beer was cheap. Coors light for $2.50. Great place to go on a little budged. I will go again.
4	Baja Bar & Grill has become my new favorite University restaurant. Located in the Smash Burger parking lot, Baja is just down the street from UNLV. The prices are definitely agreeable, particularly for the specials. A number 1 for example, includes 3 tacos of your choice with a drink for $5.50. The manager informed that Baja's specialty are fish tacos, but alas, I will never enjoy them because I'm a hardcore vegetarian.I settled instead for 3 potato tacos, which were quite delectable by the way. I was pleased with the presentation but even more so by the taste. Baja's potato tacos are probably the most unique and creative tacos I've ever had. Everything from the corn tortilla to the last bit of cilantro was perfection. I even got to sample a fried oreo for dessert with the Yelp check-in. And of course it was delicious. The atmosphere at Baja screams University friendly. The manager is decked out in red clothes and Rebel gear and the restaurant is plastered with bottle caps spelling out UNLV in large letters. He's a friendly dude. I have to acknowledge some of the other Yelpers complaints - yes, the place needs a facelift and for some that's unacceptable. But if you like hole in the wall restaurants and are looking for some good food, you won't mind.
5	Stopped in before dropping the parents off at the airport.Greeted by the owner as we walked in, he was super friendly, and talked us through the menu.We decided on a variety of tacos, all were amazing.Prices were great as well.
4	Great selection of foods ... especially the street tacos. The owner and staff use quality food and it's very flavorful. Good value as well!
5	Best Mexican food near UNLV and in Las Vegas. The prices are great! 3 tacos and a drink for $5. Can't beat that! And the workers are really cool and funny.
5	Stopped in for some chips and salsa and to kill some time, best decision we made! Chips were warm and freshly made- salsa was also from scratch the way it should be and so tasty with the perfect amount of spice.The owner was in and able to recommend the fish tacos, amazing! We had a nice mix of fish, beef and potato all of which were off the hook! To make everything even better it was happy hour and we didn't even know it! Ended up feeding 4 of us for $14! Honestly one of the best values I've ever received for quality made to order food! Highly recommended if you are in the area! (It's probably relevant to mention that we are from Arizona where good Mexican food is easy to find, this is some of the best we've had!) Enjoy
5	I accidentally wrote a review for this place instead of who it was meant for. Yelp won't let me delete it so I'm updating it.
5	I adore this establishment. The owner and lead chef are 2 of the most welcoming men I have ever met. Food is always on point. Flavors perfect. Never a bad meal! Plus you can beat the prices! UNLV game night specials, taco Tuesdays and a weekly happy hour!!! I'd eat here daily!!!
