2	I was excited to see another Chinese place open where Jade Fine Dining used to be.  The fact that the previous placed closed was not a surprise as I once had a bad experience with its not-nice owner.  Plus, the odd wall motif of tiny flip-flop sandals painted with odd still-lifes and landscapes put an air of doom around the place.The outdoor sign for Tao Kitchen Asian Bistro #2 gives the appearance that the owners actually take the endeavor seriously.  Professionally designed, with the appetizing colors of red and yellow (ala McDonalds) informed me that market positioning was not an afterthought.  If the owners cared enough to commission a handsome sign, well, they HAD to give a rip about the food and service. Right?Upon being seated I noticed a big teevee facing me, radiating football.  Ugh.  "Taoism advocates a life of complete simplicity and naturalness and of noninterference with the course of natural events, in order to attain a happy existence in harmony with the Tao." False advertising!I was presented with an almost-tiny bowl of fried wonton as a "gimme" appetizer, but missing was the expected sweet and sour sauce.  Not a problem, as manufactured goop sauce is not my thing.  But I wished I had it, as the wonton tasted like ... like ... hey, remember when Mexican restaurants used lard and the refried beans had that thick-yet-slippery feeling?  Same with these flavorless wontons.  Not good, kimosabe.Upon arrival, my parents asked for an iced tea and a hot tea.  The hot tea arrived lukewarm and, even after refreshing with hotter water, flavor just never developed.  Mom basically had hot water in a generic, ceramic teapot. Dad DID get his reqeusted extra lemon.We discussed our options from a menu with a decent variety.  I was attracted to this place solely because of the gustatory possibilities of Broccolini in Ginger Sauce.Anyway...Hot & Sour soup -- It's not easy to find a good one (Sesame Inn's is excellent) but, still, if you can't do something right ... this soup was too corn starchy and just plain lacked flavor.  Not enough vinegar, among other things.Fried Shrimp appetizer - More oddness as this arrived at the same time as our meal.  "Uhm, can we have some cocktail sauce?"  After waiting about four minutes a bowl of gunky, standard-issue sweet and sour sauce was haphazardly dropped on our laminate-surfaced table (hey, I miss Jade's white table cloths!)  On first bite: 1) The same "lardy" taste / feel as the fried wontons / refried beans. What the heck are they frying with?  2) The shrimp was obviously pre-cooked and then frozen (rather than frozen from raw) -- no flavor.Fried rice -- Dad actually *struggled* with the plastic Suzie Homemaker toy serving paddle.  The rice was completely clumped together.  Somehow, we eventually scooped rice chunks onto our plates by sliding them out of the serving bowl.  I must say that these rice balls *were entertaining* as they fell from above and then rolled around on our plates. Nevertheless, these unappealing brown masses had only tiny bits of egg and cabbage in them.  No peas, carrots, onions or mushrooms to add just a little color / variety.  A Chinese restaurant that can't make rice?  What duh?  Kung Pao Seafood 2 - After ordering, the staff person shuffled back and asked "Kung Pao Seafood 2?"  We didn't know.  He ran (ALL the staff was *always* running around in a sort of panicked way) to grab a menu.  We identified our dish, indeed, as Kung Pao Seafood 2 ... but there was no K.P. Seafood 1!  Ours was the only one.  Odd.  The scallops were tasteless blobs of mushiness but I truly appreciated this dish's vegetable variety and that they were cooked just so.  The brown sauce was undistinguished.  Broccolini in Ginger Sauce - The crisp broccolini was served in pieces that were 12" - 18" long.  Given that knives (and chopsticks) were not part of our place settings, we had no choice but to fork these annonyingly drippy (yet crunchy!) spears into our oral cavities with little dignity.  I tasted no ginger at all and the veggies seemed to be drenched in the same generic brown spooge as the K.P. Seafood 2.In general, the staff is so preoccupied with the doings of their job that they don't know customers are their priority.  Dishes often crashed and banged throughout the room (and at the edge of our table) and my water glass was rudely snatched from my own hand when it was decided I required a refill.  We were in the way.  We DID get the standard "How is everything?" but the question came out of obligation, as the server hastily blurted it out while simultaneously glancing about the room.TKAB#2 is clean and didn't make us sick.  But the false advertising thing and lack of a caring staff makes me say "never again."
5	Well, I disagree with the previous reviewer.  We love Tao Kitchen.  We've only sat down and eaten there once, but order take out a lot now.  The time we ate there, the service was fine, the won ton's were fine, I didn't care for the soup, but i don't really like soup anyway.  The orange chicken is the absolute best and we had the orange beef this week and it was very good too - not overbreaded, just darn good!  Their egg rolls are great and their crab puffs are mighty tasty as well.  Their lunch specials are a fantastic deal.  You get the same amount as you do at dinner, for a lot cheaper and lunch specials run until 4.  We sometimes go before 4 and just pick up dinner early to save a few bucks.  i welcome this gem to the neighborhood and hope they do well - we'll be crushed if they don't!
1	We had high hopes.  But it's just as bad as The place it replace.  Is it the same cook and owners with just a new name?We ordered 4 meals.  2 Familystyle Tofu..which was a horrible spices sauce over Tofu. A green bean with black bean sauce, that was mushy and bland. And something they think is Gen Tso's chicken that was beyond bad.  Some fried strips of chicken in a bitter sauce and a few peppers. Probably that same sauce used on the Tofu. BTW the fried rice was nothing more than rice and bits of egg clumped with soy sauce, really bad. They might want to travel to a few other Chinese restaurants to see how it's done.  For the price I could have gone to PeiWei and at least gotten something worth eating.  Not that PeiWei is Chinese , but it is at least edible.
5	I also disagree with the first reviewer. After seeing that Suzanne C wrote a nice review my husband and I decided to give TKAB#2 a try. Being that we live just down the street from them (and I couldn't find the phone #: here it 623.516.8886, plus the website for the menu www.tao-kitchen.com)...I drove down there to get some take-out. I asked the waitress what she suggested and she said the garlic eggplant and orange chicken. I went with her suggestion with fried rice with the orange chicken. As I waited, she offered me some fried wontons with sweet and sour sauce and hot mustard. A nice gesture as I waited. The wontons were good..I mean I'm not sure what Greg B. expected from just tiny pieces of fried dough...but they were a nice little crunchy snack.The waitress that was behind the bar was very nice to me, made small talk and was nice to other customers as I observed her interactions. Sitting there for about 15 minutes or so, I notice that MANY take-out orders came in over the phone...and many individuals walked in to pick up as I was there (many of them ordered General Tso's Chicken...maybe we will get that another time). Onto the food...I TOTALLY agree with Suzanne...the Orange Chicken was GREAT! Very lightly breaded...all white meat and just really really tasty! The Garlic Eggplant was also super great especially over brown rice YUM! My husband and I would for sure go back there! I hope that they have a longer survival than the previous restaurant b/c we truly lack in decent eateries in this part of town.
5	Fresh food, great flavors! We went in for take out and the entire staff was so nice.  Gave us water and noodles while we waited.  I have found my new favorite chinese place!!
4	Good food. Fast service. Much better than the old restaurant here.
5	We've only been once, but I give this a 5 star for it's category of absolutely savory Chinese food at a medium price range and wide range of tastes. Excellent service as well. Lived in Asia for 3 1/2 years. The Happy House specialty is one of the best Chinese sauces I've ever tasted. My wife was a caterer and was really impressed with the presentation. They brought it out on a sizzling iron skillet. Got a window seat and enjoyed a classic Arizona sunset. Really happy all around and will come back often.
2	Food was mediocre at best and a bit pricey. I live only a few blocks from here and there aren't too many restaurants off carefree. Service was horrible! Took forever to get our drinks and after searching for a waitress for several minutes I got up and had to ask for silverware. After we got our food our waitress didn't come for Over 30 minutes and I eventually walked up to counter to ask for bill
3	Called in for take out. The food was pretty good and the prices were fair.
4	The food is very good. First Chinese food place in Phoenix I really like.
3	I live nearby the #2 location near Carefree Hwy and have eaten in the place several times since it opened last fall.   Not as busy inside with diners as it used to be when it first opened but they do a fair amount of carry out orders.  The restaurant is clean but the place is kind of weird with too many TV's and just one big space.  The wall appliques of various people are strange too, rather stereotypical, if you ask me.Now to the food, it's good and you get a lot for your $.  I would actually rate it 3 1/2 stars but Yelp won't let you do 1/2 stars. Not the best Chinese I have ever had but reliable and the wait staff is attentive and the food comes out quick  They were smart to open where they did because there is a lack of Asian choices in the area.  They even wrap up your leftovers for you, which is a nice touch. Ordered carryout last night and got the Gen. Taos Chicken and Orange Beef, good tastes and the food held up well getting home (not too soggy!).  Like most Chinese food it was too salty.Looks like a new Chinese place is coming near the Albertson's on Carefree Hwy.. Moon something?, So let's see what a little competition does.  Maybe one of them will start delivery (hint, hint!)I will return!
2	Inconsistent.  Two months ago, disappointed.  Last month and two weeks ago the food was great.  Yesterday, Hot and Sour soup was basically sour soy sauce.  No mushrooms or bamboo shoots.  Sweet and sour sauce was watery and not the excellent thick version a couple of weeks ago.  Kung Pao chicken didn't taste like Kung Pao.  Having peanuts does not constitute being Kung Pao.  I just wish the backup cook would cook the same as the primary cook.Just because we live in the foothills should not be a reason to make Chinese food expensive $9-$12 a plate.  A new place (Hong Kong Asian Cuisine) opened up down the road and it's unfortunately charging the same prices with almost the same menu.
4	Tried this place on a whim & boy i wished we had tried this place sooner. Quality of food was better than most places. Up here in North Phx there isn't many food of this type/quality. Agreed with some of the reviewer about Orange Chicken. It was the best! Seafood Bird Nest was delicious. In fact. Pei Wei, PF Chang will lose my patron.
5	Stopped in on way back home from Prescott. Wanted takeout and Was super hungry 10 min before they closed on a Sunday night. They treated me like I was their first customer of the day. Sat me down at bar while I waited. Served me water and snacks. Food came up quick and away I went. First rate for service and attitude.  I have had the food before so I know it's great.
5	And Barbara is outstanding!!!!
5	The food is consistently great.  Ask for the banana pastry :)
4	OMG, I'm converted!  Please ignore my review of 10/2011 as this place has become much better.  Service? Check.  Lard-tasting food?  Gone.  Quality and value?  You bet!  I'm so glad to know there is a reasonably priced QUALITY Asian place in the neighborhood.
3	Good food and good service. I would try it again.
1	we ordered take out cashew nut chicken. my wife and i got diarrhea. we will never order food here again. i hope the AZ food inspector reads this and pays them a visit.
4	This place is getting better and better. The food is really good and the prices are pretty fair. The Chicken Teriyaki is great!
4	This place is really underrated. If you get there before 4pm you can get the lunch portion... It's a lot of food! The banana treats they give you after your meal are delish!
5	As a fellow Asian American.  I always would have to go to the east side to get great authentic Chinese food.  Many individuals will probably go for the orange chicken and kung pao chicken.  I have to tell you that the duck here is one of the best that i have ever had.  The meat is tender and it is not all greasy and oily.  I have also had a the green beans and beef.  The green beans were still fresh tasting and the beef is very tender.  We also had the napa tofu which is a vegetarian dish that is very tasty.  At first I was going to give them 4 stars, but the more that I eat there the more I love this place.  Take it from a traditional Asian couple this place is well worth the try,
5	The current owners are not the original owners (they sucked).  The people running the place now are great!  The food is wonderful - my husband and I are addicted to their War Won Ton soup and everything else we've tried has been great.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant!
4	This place is so much better since they changed owners.My wife and I went when it was the old owners, it was terrible.  We waited forever and the food never came before we walked out.  People were served before us that walked in after and my wife actually got her soup before me and I sat and waited while they "made more".It was horrible.Now its much better.  The staff are very friendly, they treat their customers very well and I have nothing but positive things to now say about this place.  Its much better with the new owners.
5	I've always wanted to try this place but I always just drive by it on the way home. Finally, I decided to try it and I have probably made the best decision doing so. The staff here are nice and when I came through the door I was greeted and seated. I ordered takeout orange chicken with rice. The food was made to order and delicious.  Food tastes authentic and comes in great portions. Definitely will be coming back soon.
5	I recently moved here from the east coast and, because this restaurant happened to be next door to Orange Julius/Dairy Queen, I decided to give it a try.  I was shocked at how plentiful and delicious the food was.  Their walnut shrimp dish is the best Asian dish I have ever tasted!!  Everything there is delicious and the service is also really good.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!
2	After reading some positive reviews on this place, we decided to stop in and give it a go.  We were the only diners in the entire restaurant, during dinner hours, not a good sign.  All of the food was very greasy and tasteless.  We ordered cashew nut chicken, after being told it was all white meat, and we were very underwhelmed.  It was sticky, tasteless, and the chicken was very chewy.  The spring roll and crab puffs were very oily.  The egg drop soup had formerly dried chicken that had been reconstituted.  Everything we ordered missed the mark.The staff was very nice, and the service was prompt, but we won't be returning.
5	Awesome! Try the orange chicken, it is the best I have ever had. Their dinner deal is also a good deal for the amount you get. And this place is always nice and quiet! There's never a ton of noise, even though it is rather small. This is my go-to spot for Asian food on the north side.
2	Came here tonight since my wife is traveling to see what the place is like. I really wanted to like this place, very close to my house. I would like to echo that the service and people are fantastic. However, the food is a 4 on a 10 scale. The Generals's chicken was heavily breaded, made of chicken parts and very salty. I am a bit of a health nut so I was hoping for more white chicken than bread. Fried rice was nice and so was the hot and sour soup. Would be nice to have some healthy options on the menu. I would pay an up charge for chicken breast not breaded.
4	Growing up in the San Francisco bay area I have enjoyed good, authentic Asian cuisine all my life.  I was very surprised to find this excellent restaurant right in our backyard.  The Honey Walnut Shrimp is delicious, as is their Mu Shu pork and my hubby, who is not crazy about Chinese food, loves the Mongolian Beef.  We're big fans--take out is easy and fast.  Price is a bit high, but when you're fiending for good Chinese food, it's worth it!
4	Their crab puffs are excellent, as is there chicken fried rice (which they prepare fresh as demonstrated by the fact that you can ask them to leave out the peas for example (a friend of mine does this) and they do it, no problem. Several other dishes are good too, the only thing I was underwhelmed with was the curry - nowhere near enough spice for me, very bland.
4	Mm mm mm! I miss Chinese Food takeout/delivery from NYC. I was a bit skeptical when the suggestion came up for "good chinese". But heck, I'll try anything once.I didn't spend much time looking at the menu. I figured there had to be an option for "broccoli chicken" and... there was! Adding brown rice for two meals cost $1. (I did look to see if they had a "healthy menu". Alas, no. There didn't seem to be steamed options for veges or chicken.)We called and were told "fifteen minutes". True to their word our food was waiting for us on time. The restaurant was brightly lit and the employees were super, duper chipper. (No time to check out the bar!)The portion sizes for a meal are enormous. It's quite possible to have two serving sizes (at least for a woman) out of a meal. I thoroughly enjoyed my broccoli chicken, as well as the "two twin flavor chicken" I fork sampled. In addition for the usual fortune cookies Dao Kitchen threw in something unusual. I'll have to return to update this. I have a photo but not the name. It was a a room temperature fried wonton covered with honey. Inside was something sweet. I still don't know what to make of it, but I ate it!Our two meals with tax came to $24.59I enjoyed this experience and food. Unbelievable customer service with plenty of smiles.
4	Amazing food, price is even more amazing! It is fancy enough for a date night, but cheap enough to bring your whole extended family! I recommend the orange beef! Amazing!
5	Awesome food and really good service! Average prices but the portions are HUGE! Will definitely be going there again!
5	Ordered the chx fried rice and orange chicken to go, which turned out to be great!  But while I was waiting, they brought me some tasty chips and sweet/sour sauce and a glass of water, none of which I had asked for.  I love this place!
5	Been here twice now...super yummy!I'm tried their garlic eggplant - added chicken, orange chicken and fried rice... can't remember what my friends had but they all enjoyed their meals!Definitely worth the drive :)
4	My first visit here I wasn't impressed. I tried to order white rice, and the waiter couldn't understand me after repeating myself 3 times so he brought me fried rice. It was just okay. However, the second time my boyfriend and I came here we were quite impressed. We walked in at 7:45 PM on a Monday night and the place was empty. We were the only ones there. The waiter this time spoke and understood good English, which was nice, but he was a tad bit awkward. But that's OK. Every meal service starts out with complimentary wonton chips and sweet and sour sauce. We ask for a side of spicy mustard with them. Try it- it makes them taste a lot better! We ordered some crab puffs to start. Six of them come per order for around 5/6 dollars. They are quite small, so the price for the value is just alright. Otherwise, they're pretty good and are not overly cream-cheesy like the ones you'll find at other Chinese places. For dinner I ordered the string bean beef and my boyfriend ordered the orange chicken both with white rice. My string bean beef was exceptional. Not to mention the portion was HUGE (like 2 meals worth and I can eat a lot!) which made the price of around $12 worth it. I'm not a huge fan of orange chicken so I didn't try his, but my boyfriend really seems to like it and he is the pickiest of picky eaters. They also give you a really nice portion of rice which is cooked really well. Altogether, the meal with two drinks came to about $35, which isn't bad considering the portion sizes. Much better than Panda Express value. Perhaps my favorite part of the meal are the complimentary banana desserts that they give you that are wrapped in wonton paper and coated in a crunchy caramel like sauce. SO good!
4	My kids LOVE the Orange chicken!The owners are very nice! It is a fun place to go with the family that doesn't break my budget!  Portions are great!  Enough to share!  The banana won tons are a great touch!  Nice to have good old Chinese food instead of all that over rated "Asian Fusion" hype!
4	Orange chicken is delicious! Seriously... Get the orange chicken. I have tried other things on the menu and have never been disappointed. The staff are really friendly which is a nice change compared to other places in the anthem/north phoenix area. If your looking for good take out this is the best place around.
5	I ate inside the restaurant once and ordered take out many times. Each time the food is fresh and tasty. I recommend Beef Chow Fun, it's really yummy (if you like noodles)!
4	Excellent food; the orange chicken is great, very different to the stereotypical (Panda Express) orange chicken. The plate is well served and the food feels fresh. I recommend take out as the place lacks the right ambiance and and the service is average.. But at the end of the day is about the food...
4	Rating A inspection. Fast, fresh, hot food for $7.50 lunch specials. Good choice if you are in the area!
5	We've been driving past this place for years, finally tried it tonight. Food was great, service was excellent, and the restaurant was very clean and inviting. Will definitely be back!
5	The food is fantastic and the service was even better.   This is my second visit to the restaurant,  both times getting the Kung Pao Chicken and the Pork Lo Mein.  First visit was take out, the order was perfect. Second time was dine in and we were not disappointed.   The Chicken Egg Rolls were excellent and the Crab Puffs are wonderful.
2	Chinese food is definitely individual specific.  While I loved the people and the place... had a glass of wine while awaiting my order, I was not really impressed with the food.  The General Tso Chicken was not very crispy or have much spice.  The Sweet & Sour Chicken was over-cooked and tough.  The Lo Mein noodles were thick and too soft.  The crab puffs were pretty greasy and the pastry was a bit tough.  The Egg Drop soup was pretty runny also.  I felt it was very expensive and in need of a better chef.  The people at the front made it a very pleasant experience.
