4	These guys have been in Edinburgh for over ten years! The number of long established stores in this city never ceases to surprise me.As the name suggests, they sell persian rugs, which everyone knows don't come cheap! However, I was browsing rather than actually contemplating buying one (give me five years or so!) so I can't honestly comment on the prices of the rugs. I do know the one I want on my bedroom floor right now; there's a blue and cream one (I've put up a picture!), stretching the whole length of the high walls, and it's the first one you see the moment you walk in the door! So intricately designed, so soft... I WANT IT, I WANT IT!So childish tantrums aside, the ground floor carpets are all authentic persian rugs, hand made and they just scream quality. I also noticed some were made in Afghanistan, and others in Turkey...A trip downstairs led to the more affordable rugs, equal in design but inferior in quality. Aside from rugs, they sell other house decor, such as some brass trinkets in the basement!
5	What a cute store! The Persian Rug Village sells every type of rug imaginable - amazing! It is an Aladdin's Cave for anything rug related. The store is situated in the busy and bustling Morningside Road and it is just a short walk from the city centre so it is easy to get to this shop. The Persian Rug Village are specialists in oriental rugs, all of which are utterly gorgeous, but quite pricey which is to be expected considering they are Persian. Decorative carpets are also sold in this store too and they offer a wide selection of different designs and colours of carpets which are sooo soft! The staff in the Persian Rug Village are very friendly and highly knowledgeable about their stock and they are always happy to order in a certain style of rug if it is not available in their store. As well as selling rugs, the Persian Rug Village also offers a cleaning and repair service for rugs which may be stained or damaged. I can't wait to come back to this store when I am older and have money to burn so that I can buy one of their gorgeously soft rugs.
3	During my third year at university I had the pleasure of driving a van for a Persian rug shop, so I learnt a little about the trade. This place has a fair stock of Persian and Oriental rugs and the staff are extremely knowledgeable, if a little aloof.Persian rugs certainly aren't to everyone's taste. No doubt they're exquisitely made, by hand, using extremely intricate weaving patterns.  I just find them a bit gaudy. And I don't think this place, good as it is, is helped by the tacky window displays of little brass trinkets, shisha pipes and all things Arabic.Still, if Persian rugs are your bag, this is, as Lauren G. says,  a veritable Aladdin's cave for rugs. They also offer a professional cleaning and repair service, essential to keep your expensive rugs pristine.
