5	awesome clothes great prices and customer service!!! very clean elegant setting check it out!! i find all the clothes i cant find anywhere else and even my dog got a juicy sweater!!
5	Still five all around now all my dogs have sweaters lol and still the best clothes for me!!!! They have everything and such steals go check it out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	A fun place to shop or sell with GREAT customer service!! A wonderful selection of hidden treasures of the fashion world. Buy or sell...you will enjoy your visit at Trading Labels!!  It is difficult to walk out empty handed!!
5	I love this consignment store. It's really more of an upscale boutique with fabulous merchandise!!! Great couture pieces in all categories of clothing, handbags, shoes and accessories. They even have some very nice candles they sell. Natasha & Marlina, the owners are always so friendly, courteous, and most of all their customer service is awesome!!! A "must" to add on your list of places to shop at great prices too!
5	This store had a lot of great designer clothes at good prices. The ladies were very helpful. I got several great items that I can wear for work! I highly recommend it!
5	Got a beautiful very lightly used mint condition Coach purse last night!The price was awesome and the owners Natasha and Marlina were stellar!!!My lady absolutely loves it!! But she doesn't need to know I got it for a fraction of retail or even eBay! If your in the market for high end boutique couture this is the place for you. Great selection awesome prices and great customer service!!
5	Seriously I almost feel like im stalking this place everytime I go in here I walk out spending money and not feeling bad at all my purses rock and everytime I wear any clothes or accessories from here I get tons of compliments
4	This boutique reminds me of a Francesca's because it is well organized, has nice displays, and is clean yet it also has an at home feeling. Very cute. The employees were very friendly too. As for the clothing, of course it is hit or miss, but when I was there I did not find a lot of high end designer pieces ( like Dior, Fendi, Chanel). Again, hit or miss I may have been there on the wrong day, but I did buy something!The only thing I did notice was that the handbags were sort of "grungy" and yes I know they are used, but they need to be in better condition or at least cleaned. I can go to the Coach outlet and get brand new for just a few pennies more.
1	I saw nothing at all that appealed to me. Most of the clothes were the kind that women over 50 wear. The incense was also appalling. The reek gave me a headache.
5	Absolutely adore this shop.Super cute displays that you aren't afraid to touch or handle.Natasha is one of the nicest and most helpful business owners I have ever met.I find something I like with each visit and turning in clothes for consignment is a breeze.If you are into buying used clothes, designer or not you should definitely put Trading Labels on your list of must do's.
3	Nice clerks, but like Anita W stated, most of the offerings are geared towards 50+ women.  There was a goodly amount of "designer" clothing (Armani, Prada, etc.), but they looked "old."  I'm sure there are some hidden treasures in here, if one looks long enough, but I didn't have the time that day nor the energy!  Those wanting trendier items would do well elsewhere, IMO.
5	Dang! Coming from southern Cali I have been to a lot of great consignment shops, both to check out the items and to consign when I decide it's time to clear out my closet.Trading labels is easily the most organized, offers the most current higher end fashions and is reasonably priced. The previous post of the clothing being outdated makes zero sense to me, I am 27 and didn't even remotely think that. Whether you are looking for a strappy sexy cocktail dress, an evening gown, professional clothing, super sexy heels or boots this is the spot. With jewelry, hand bags and everything you need to complete an outfit, I love this store. Consignment process is super easy and convenient. Owner and her staff are warm and helpful and overall the vibe just rocks in there! You're missing out if you don't stop by this great little shop!
5	Love this store! The owner is so nice! Plus they have a wonderful selection of designer goods! Greatest selection and prices in Vegas! Worth the stop in! Trust me you will not be disappointed! Best shop in town and trust me I have hit every one!
