5	I really liked this place.  The food was great, the service was great, what more could you want.  The waiter I had was very friendly and attentive and gave some really good suggestions.  He talked me into getting the wings with their hot and honey garlic sauces mixed together.  Let me tell you, I'm not usually a fan of hot stuff but these were really good.  Very messy of course, as wings usually are, but well worth it.  The whole place just had a really nice atmosphere, and the wings are very good.  I'll have to go back and try the other things on the menu.
4	I never thought I was a wing fan until my friend dragged me to a wing place back home in Athens, GA. I'm still hoping someone will open up one here in Charlotte (if you find a WOW let me know!), but since that day I have been on a mission to find a similar experience. Buffalo's has become my place here in Charlotte. I used to frequent the Buffalo's back in GA, before I ate wings and I always enjoyed my meal and service. Here in Charlotte I ordered half Teriyaki and half Lemon Garlic Pepper. My mission was to find a decent Teriyaki wing. Others that I have tried have been waaaaay too salty. Buffalo's Teriyaki wings were excellent! However, the Lemon Garlic Pepper ones were too salty for my taste. Now that I know the Teriyaki is good I will order a full order of just Teriyaki. I dined with a "wing expert" and he was pleased with his wings too. We ordered the wing dinner which came with 12 wings, corn on the cob, garlic bread, and a side (I had fries). It was a very filling meal. There are a ton of TVs in the bar area, so you have a very good chance of finding the game you want to watch on one of the many screens. They also had Blue Moon on tap, which made my day. The service was fast and friendly. FYI: Order the fried cheesecake if you have room for dessert! It's pretty fabulous!
5	All alone in the shiny new Ballantyne office park area, I sought this place out because it looked like a good bite. And I was not disappointed! Hot crispy wings with a mix of Scorching plus Honey Garlic was just the ticket at the end of a long day full of business meetings. The wait staff was friendly and helpful. The beers on tap are amazingly numerous. A local brew was my pick. I will come back here for sure.
5	I was really surprised by this place! I thought it would be another average chain restaurant with ok food but this place exceeded my expectations. I went because they had a $10 off $25 purchase coupon  (Which they regularly offer in the Clipper) and it went a long way. We started with drinks-they had a better beer and wine list than I thought they were going to have. We feasted on spinach and artichoke dip , which was rich and flavorful. I loved that the dip was in a mini tortilla bowl as well since I like edible dishware.Our entrees came out quickly after that-I had the Apache Chicken Sandwich (grilled chicken breast topped with pepper-jack cheese, chipotle ranch, and onion straws, in a tortilla wrap with lettuce and tomato) which was super tasty and would order again. We had great service along with a stop by the manager to see if everything was ok. I'm kinda bummed I don't live in Ballantyne anymore b/c this place isn't as accessible to me as it was before, if you're near there and want great food at reasonable prices along with terrific service--check this place out!
2	Bar food. Not the best. If you think this place is good(why?) try Hickory Tavern. Food is better and the people are great.
