5	Vicki is a master groomer both in her ability to style and fully groom as well as handling dogs in such a way that they are comfortable letting her do her job. She is a dog lover who has always owned and trained dogs and can also give great advise to new owners.Vicki has been grroming at this location for 39 or 40 years. I was referred to her by 2 different DVMs. My puppy hates taking a bath, but loves the jacuzzi bath at Puppy Love. He also is very happy to go there every time I take him, unlike when he goes to the vet or another groomer I tried.They have this plan where if you take your pouch 2x a month, you get a discount on their services and they keep puppy looking his best.They do ask you to get your dog in by noon, but have been able to assist w=me on a couple of occasions when I arrived later.I love puppy love and so does puppy!
3	I found this place a couple years ago when I moved to Vegas it was close to my house and lucked up and really liked the place. I travel for work so I've been gone a few months and was sad to learn Vicky (my pet groomer) had retired. The new staff were very nice and asked specifics on how I wanted my baby groomed they were fast and professional
1	My dog Sydney and I are currently new to the Las Vegas area. We have been going to Puppy Love  prior to miss Vicky retirement. I recently got Sydney groomed and had an unpleasant experience. I dropped my Yorkshire Terrier off in good health and he was returned with swollen red eyes. The groomer advised me to bring him back that shampoo and or hair may have gotten into his eyes. The next day when I brought syd back with the veterinarian bills it was a new story. That they couldn't say that the irritation was from the shampoo and or hair and I had left their facility. Sydney has been groomed his whole life with no issues. Throughout the whole process puppy love has been very professional. The point is brought in my dog with no problems in came out with a problem. Highest grooming bill yet $315
