5	After a very comfortable conversation with Dr. Robison, I found he is also a board member and active participant of a non-profit organization, Smile Back foundation, that offers Dental Care for children in need who other wise could not afford it.  I just can't say enough about Dr Robison, his compassion and community involvement span over 25 years in Mesa.
1	I really wanted to like this place. I hate the dentist and have had horrible experiences with pain so I am hesitant any time I try a new place. Now I will start off by saying that my husband and I had gone without dental insurance for a couple of years so when we went in the first time to get cleanings I expected to hear that there were some things that needed done (ie: cavities, etc). On top of that, I knew going in that I need 2 crowns done for prior root canals that were done. The ONLY redeeming quality of this place was the hygenist. She was friendly, thurough and not judgemental at all. Dr. Robison though is another story. The guy should have been a used car salesman instead of a dentist. The whole "consultation" part of the visit was uncomfortable and offensive. Here's the thing, sure I'd LOVE to have the perfect smile. I'd love to get veneers and teeth whitening and all that other jazz that you can get now a days. But I don't have $10k+ to drop on dental work right now. So I made that very clear to him and he still proceeded to focus on the stuff that wasn't necessary vs the stuff that NEEDS to be done. I felt horrible when I left. BUT I am big on second chances so I scheduled my husband as well and he went in only to experience the same thing and he again reiterated to Dr. Robison that our primary goal right now was to get done what NEEDED to be done and then we could discuss other things. It got to the point that he was so pushy with everything that when I found out that they have a financing program you can use, I entertained the idea of getting into debt just to fix all this cosmetic stuff that he was making such a big deal out of. I had a friggin' complex after visiting him! And I might have actually gone thru with the financing had his assistant not been so incompetant herself or if she knew how to follow up with people. While I was waiting (and still waiting btw) for the insurance approvals to come in, we went ahead and scheduled my husband for a tooth extraction that needed to be done. Dr. Robison did the extraction and then sent my husband on his way. No antibiotics prescribed and no pain medication. He was told to take some advil if it became painful. Now, I know I am not a dentist but I know that anytime an extraction is done an antibiotic is prescribed to prevent infection. Well sure enough, two days later of excruciating pain I finally tracked the Dr down at his house and had him call in an antibiotic and pain medication because it had become infected. My immediate thought was, maybe if he hadn't been SO consumed with trying to upsell me on everything else that wasn't necessary he would have remembered the basics of dentistry and the infection could have been prevented. So needless to say, I am no longer a patient there and I still need my crowns. Onto a different dentist that hopefully gets it.
5	I don't know what that chick's been smoking, but I've been coming to see Dr. Robison for 9 years and he's hands down the best dentist I've ever had. I grind and clinch my teeth, which causes a ton of problems, so I need a good dentist. Dr. Robison has gone above and beyond to fix my cracked, chipped, or broken teeth. He's also been great about making guards that have helped me (almost!) kick this bad habit. If there's ever an issue, he's quick to address it and very, very fair on payment. If there's any doubt as to how much I love Dr. Robison and his staff, just know that I live in Virginia. I schedule my dental appointments when I come home to visit family here in Mesa - he's just that good.
5	Great dentist, the staff is super nice too. Thanks for helping me with my fillings in a gentle and caring way!
5	I have been going to Robison Dental since I was 8 years old.  Always the best care.  They do a great job of not keeping you waiting so you can be in and out.  I didn't realize how good of a dentist he was until I went away to college and the dentist there was positive about the fillings and the other work that had been done.  After having a cavity or other work, I would always get a call at night asking how I was doing with pain and how I was feeling. My kids love the staff and treat box with goodies.Now that I am back in Arizona with my kids, I continue to go to Robison Dental.  I will not go anywhere else!! Highly recommended! ~ Happy patient :)
5	I am insanely dental phobic. Been seeing Dr. Robison for over 20 years. Will not go anywhere else. He is highly skilled and I've been through the gamut with him, fillings, crowns, implant, the dreaded root canal. Survived it all. He is very patient. I don't know if I'd put up with me......I also think the fact that the same staff have been with him all these years speaks volumes as well. During the recession, seems like he kept everyone on. Economic downturns=teeth don't get priority. He successfully brought his practice through all that. Not all dentists can say that. Speaks to skill and patient loyalty, I think. Oh, and he calls in the evening when he's done extensive work, e.g. Root canal to see how you're doing. He really is committed.
5	Service was great, everyone here conducts themselves very professionally. I would recommend anyone who needs dentures to come here. Thank you
