5	Hoi..1st to Review!Give Manila's Best - A Taste of Home some lovin'!  It's a brand spankin' new place for some delicious Filipino eats!  Just opened about a week and a half ago.  Please check it out!I'm a new fan because:1) The owner is a cool dude!2) The restaurant is clean!  The bathrooms are clean!3) The food is good!I cannot tell you how much a clean restaurant does for its reputation.  Being brand new you would expect cleanliness and Manila's Best has it in spades.  Let's hope they can keep it up this way, I feel much better eating in a place that pays attention to proper hygiene.Like Filipino food from the Homeland? Manila's Best is the newest, tastiest place to go!  Seriously, the food here is down-home country, not pretentious, and tasty.  Yes, Filipino food tends to be heavy, but the folks here at Manila's Best keep the greasiness to a minimum.  Nothing on the line was sitting for too long or drowning in its own grease.Here's some of the tender vittles on their menu:-Rice (lots and lots of white rice)-Bistek-Pork Adobo-Chicken Adobo-Beef Afritada-Grilled Pork Belly (damn delicious)-Pancit-Pork Sinigang (mmmm....sour)-Chicken Tinola-Fried Tilapia-Fried Chicken SkinI ate all of it...and loved it!  For me, I'm an Americanized Filipino and I noticed their food is lighter on the bagoong/patis side of the palette.  Which is a plus for me because DAMN sometimes my Nanay & Tatay are a bit heavy-handed on the fermented fish stuff!  But for you old skool' Filipinos I'm sure Manila's Best has some bagoong or patis on the side they can give you in case you're looking for that fishy feeling.Manila's Best is really the best of both worlds, you can either enjoy a 2 or 3 item combo which includes rice and soup for under $7.  Or you can be a lechon like me and go all out for their special BUFFET....all-you-can-eat gloriousness for only $7.99 total!  Soft drink and tax already included!  Plus they give real plates, bowls, and silverware so you can feel like you're having a meal at home.  Things like that really add up to a great experience here.I really enjoyed Manila's Best, and they are looking for customers!  It was lunch rush today (on a Payday Friday) and the place was near empty.  So sad, poor thing!  These folks need a push from some social media.  And I am here to help with my outstanding review!So you like-a-da Filipino food, please visit Manila's Best!  Your belly and your wallet won't be sorry!  Best price of $7.99 for their lunch and dinner buffet!  You go now!I think I will be going there again tonight.MASARAP!
5	Great food and customer service.  Definitely will come back here every time we visit Las Vegas from California.
5	Awesome food, exceptional service, clean environment plus friendly staff makes this place our next go to spot for Filipino food cravings while in Vegas. Owner, Glen, is very accommodating that he even offered our family barbecues as part of the buffet price. We will definitely be back!!
5	Hhhhmmm yummmy.......Love love the food especially "pork sinigang". The place is so cozy simple and employees are friendly.
5	I walked in and I was blown away!!!  great service and amazing food!!! Decent price for all you can eat buffet. Will recommend to my friends and family!!  what I notice the most is they always make sure the place is clean and all the foods are good.  The restaurant looks modern design unlike nanay Gloria or joys buffet it's crowded and hot!  You can't even eat right. This Places is cool and good atmosphere, they also have TV that is playing some movie to enjoy your meal.
4	The place is meticulously clean, food was tasty and included presentation of everyday home cooked Filipino food. Service was excellent and the owner, Glenn was very helpful and friendly.
4	Good food, highly recommended. I got here early, I was the first person. Judging by the quality of the  buffet they taste fresh, this are not like those typical filipino buffet. I really like the crispy chicken skin perfectly cook and melt in your mouth. The staff are very friendly, I will for sure come back for more.
5	Driving thru Vegas, and on a budget. We ended up here and we were not disappointed! Can't beat the price! 7.99, tax included, all you can eat buffet with a drink. The owner is super friendly and helpful. On yeah, and no MSG. Very rare find and worth the stop.
2	It's okay... Everything was pretty mediocre.
4	Cleanliness: 5 starsIt's a new restaurant. Compared to most of the Filipino restaurants I've eaten at, this one is above the cleanliness meter. We even saw the owner organizing, constanly cleaning whatever mess he could find. Taste Quality: 4 starsI wasn't really able to taste everything. They only offered meat selections. I'm a pescetarian so there wasn't a lot for me to eat. They completely had no seafood in their buffet selections. I did try one selection which was purely made with vegetables (mushrooms, zucchini, stringbeans, etc.). I don't think it's really an authentic Filipino dish but it tasted pretty good. Additionally, the chef and his co-owner were really nice; they offered to make me a tuna sandwich on a croissant bun. It tasted ok. Just needed a pinch of sugar. The other dishes they offered like kaldereta, fried chicken, etc. all looked good. I'm not sure about the taste. Unlike most Filipino a la carte style restaurants, the dishes in this restaurant weren't soaking in their own oil. I think that's a plus. However, though understandable, because they are a new resto, I think they need to expand their selections to at least include some sort of fish and a "to order" dessert like halo halo (which is a Filipino resto staple). Furthermore, they need to make sure to regulate the food temperature. The food I ate wasn't as warm. It should be kept warm or cold depending on the type of dish.Customer Service: 5 starsCustomer service is exceptional. The owners were really nice. It was just the chef and his co-owner when we visited. They were attentive; asking us if there was something else we wanted etc. They even offered to make me a tuna sandwich because there wasn't anything else I could eat. The owner was even nice enough not to charge me buffet price because I didn't really eat anything else except one vegetable dish. Price: $Pricing is also exceptional at $7.99 for buffet; which already includes drinks. For meat eaters, it's worth it. Recommend: YesYes, I'd recommend people to try it. It's worth a try. For me, however, because of the distance from my home and the lack of pescetarian selections, it's just not a convenient place to go to. Additional comment:They really need to trim that tree which was blocking their name logo. We had to go around and around at the center looking for their resto sign.
5	Still like eating at Manila's Best even with all the low star ratings.  Went again yesterday and it was yummy.  Only downer now - THEY CHARGE TAX.  Yep, it's $7.99 with drink still included but now they added tax to the mix.  No biggie to me as long as food is good and hot.  Don't hesitate to ask for a pan change if food on line looks like it's been sitting, they will gladly whip up a refreshed batch.Plus, now there's Netflix on rotation.  Still masarap!
4	This is my go-to place for a home cooked Filipino meal.  It's a buffet, $7.99 and includes a soft drink.  There is always a nice variety of hot dishes, but my fav is still the pinakbet with an assortment of vegetables, squash, bitter melon, eggplant and beans.  Restaurant is open and bright, always clean. Good tunes in the background and friendly staff.
3	They're open for lunch and dinner. I got there at 12:30 for lunch. Half the food was gone or half way gone. I was disappointed that they didn't have kare kare, polabok, or menudo. The pancit needed more vegetables and meat and definitely more soy sauce because I was pretty much eating plain noodles. They don't have food labels either.
1	I went here after reading the reviews here but my visit was disappointing. Maybe it was because I went when it was slow but the food tasted old and the sinigang was way too salty.
5	I love Manila's Best!!! The food is really good!!!! Binagoongan, pinakbit, ginataang gulay, lechon, bistek, paksiw, kaldaretang kambing and dinuguan... really yummy!!!! I appreciate the fact that they have different menus everyday.... making this comment is making me hungry all over again.... we keep finding ourselves eating 3 or 4 timea a week there.... Masarap talaga!!!! we are getting the satisfaction of our cravings for really good Filipino food!!!! You should all try it and make it your own favorite spot to eat and hang out!!!! Don't forget!!!! Manila's Best!!!! It's a taste of home!!!!!
4	This is a good place to eat home cooked Filipino food at the heart of Las Vegas. The taste is reminiscent of the lutong Bahay all pinoys know and love. We'll be back Manila' s Best!
5	This place is awesome
1	Pretty disappointing that we arrived 40 min before closing, & they informed us they were closed already, except for special orders..
