4	So this was my first of probably many times to this restaurant, so I'll try and keep it brief.PROS:- The food.  I got a black & blue burger, medium, with fries.  The fries were crunchy and not over done, and the burger was a large 10oz. burger done perfectly.  Served with curly onion straws and crumbled bleu cheese topping.  Win.  Oh, and the selection isn't bad either.- The talent.  Obviously, this is why many guys go down there.  Regardless, most of the girls were A-team caliber.CONS:- Still a little pricey, especially for lunch.  If they don't cut their prices soon, this isn't going to go over well on the North Shore.  I mentioned this to the GM, and he seemed seriously interested in the idea.OVERALL: I give it an A-minus.  Good food, fast service, but due to the prices I don't give it overall highest marks.
2	I know being a girl this may seem biased, but this food was terrible. I work in construction and went in with about 20 upper management guys and myself ( I am management). I have a good sense of humor and can hang with the best of them, I go to places all the time with barely clad girls due to the industry I work in...The table I was sitting at hardly touched their food and they were not at all impressed with the "atmosphere". I can see where the draw is....I was not at all impressed either were most of the guys I was with. The talent was not that great. I would say C-team.Our waitress was not all that intelligent either, she messd up our order and we had to remind her to get our drinks...
4	Although we were planning on going to the Pirates game, which we found out was sold out when we arrived. . .Bill and I decided our night would then consist of dinner and gambling so we picked the Tilted Kilt!First of all, just being blunt. . .if your a girl and your taking your man here and your the insecure type. . .pick somewhere else.  The girls here are scantily clad and attractive.  However, they were all super nice and helpful.  Im pretty unfazed by that type of atmosphere so it was easy for me to be relaxed and just enjoy the time with my man.  Its a cool place because like Mel said there are TV's everywhere and although we couldn't get into the game we were able to watch baseball right above us and keep current on the score.Onto the food, in my opinion. . .it was above average.  I had the fried chicken salad which was huge.  The lettuce was crisp romaine (my favorite!) and the honey mustard dressing was perfect.  The only downside to my meal was that they put mandarin oranges in my salad...just not my thing but oh well! Bill ordered the Irish Stew and he loved it!I would return to the Tilted Kilt again definitely. . .it is a little on the pricier side but, I think it will do well in Pittsburgh especially on the North Side!
2	Surprisingly good food, not-so-surprisingly bad service.I ate lunch here a week ago, and I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food. I ordered a chicken tender wrap with buffalo sauce, and fries on the side. The sauce was good and the fries were nicely seasoned, the menu has plenty of pub fare to choose from, and the prices are reasonable. I can't speak to the beer selection since I was there for a business lunch.The service, however, was miserable. I walked in with another person at 12:15 which, although it's peak lunch time, the place was not very crowded. We were seated right away, but after 15 minutes of no one coming over to our table, we had to go back to the hostess stand to ask that a waitress be sent over. After 5 more minutes of waiting, we finally had a waitress and we gave her our order. Over the next 35 minutes, our waitress had zero interaction with us whatsoever, despite the fact that both of our drinks were empty within 5-10 minutes of placing our order.We finally were able to flag down our waitress, and as it turns out, she never actually put in our food order. The manager eventually came over and apologized, and also picked up the tab, which was nice. As I said before, the food was good, but it was too much of a hassle and there are too many other options nearby, so I don't anticipate returning to this restaurant.I think part of the reason that the service was so bad is because the waitresses here are taught to do so many other things than just be a server... they have to sit down and mingle with their tables, ask a certain number of questions, be flirty, etc. It's part of the business model, and I get that, but it's no excuse for terrible service.
4	I went to the Tilted Kilt last week for lunch and enjoyed the place so much that I went back that same night for drinks with some friends.  The waitresses are smoking hot and the food is great.  I recommend the Chicken Cesar Wrap!  Our waitress was very personable as well.  The drink prices are high, but was to be expected and was on par with every other pub/restaurant in downtown Pittsburgh.
3	Not for families, unless you want your kids staring at your waitresses' breasts bouncing all over the place....the beer and bar was good, a little expensive so they can pay for the overhead, I guess.
1	I went here over an hour before a Pirates game I was going to.  The waitresses are friendly, although not wearing much.  Some were very pretty and the outfits worked for them.  Others looked awful.Waitress got our orders quickly, and then we waited 30-45 minutes before she came to our table to tell us our food should be out shortly.  Another 15 minutes passed before she came and asked us if we were going to the game (which then started in 5 minutes) and asked if we wanted to cancel our order and just leave.  No manager came over, and there was only a meek apology from the waitress.  It wasn't her fault though.  The restaurant was packed when we got there, but by the time we left, there was just a few tables.  We did not order anything elaborate either (a burger and a chicken wrap).  So I have no idea what the issue was.I can not comment on the quality of the food because I didn't get to eat it, but it seemed pretty generic and probably a little overpriced.  They did seem to have a decent beer selection, but not anything you couldn't find somewhere else.
1	The Tilted Kilt.  The Irish Hooters....Please don't misunderstand....I love me some chain restaurants.  Cheesecake Factory, that's my ish.  This place...not so much.Maybe it's the boobalicious, scantily clad waitresses that turns me off.  Or perhaps maybe it was the terribly slow service we received ($2 cans of Yuengling really take 15 minutes to deliver?!).  Or maybe it was the mediocre to tasteless food we received.  Regardless, this place just left a bad taste in my mouth.  Even after 3 beers.  I'll stick to Jerome Bettis down the street.  At least they have a massive Carrot Cake waiting for me and not massive boobies.
2	Sadly - I went on a Wednesday and it seemed pretty quiet.    This is not like the one in Columbus.   I met some folks after work and everyone who worked there looked tired.    There was a Pirates Game but that did not really draw a crowd.   I saw more people further North of the Pirates Stadium than this location.I will give another chance but my first impression after being at other Kilts was not a good one.
3	Had the Irish nachos, fantastic twist on nachos.  The cheesesteak had a good flavor but too much bun.   Our server Madison was great, took real great care of our party
1	Ok...maybe it was silly for me to go to this place with ANY expectations. I'll break it down for you...if you have a penis you will be taken care of. I guess I was too naive to realize that these chicks aren't here to entertain nor take care of females who walk through their door. My friend and I went on a Friday after work (5pmish) for just a couple drinks. It wasn't super busy, but they had over a handful of people surrounding the bar area. We chose 2 seats at the bar closest to the river side. What I could view out of my periph were 3 small groups of older gentleman and at least 1 lady accompanying each. We were served within 5 minutes of sitting down by one of the scantily clad bartenders. She was as cordial as a porcupine.Both my friend & I ordered a martini, which cost from $8-9 per drink. The quantity was HORRIBLE. My friend's order came in a martini glass which barely filled the halfway point and mine came in a small glass (not martini) which had BARELY A SHOT in it. We finished those in a swig, and decided to order from another bartender who asked if we needed anything. This chick knew what was up. She gave us the exact amount expected. However, the next time she asked us if we needed anything, I sensed a bitchy vibe from her, which is how she acted the remainder of our time there. I don't recall ever complaining aloud to my friend nor coming off in a snobby way. Who knows what her problem was. Good grief.Bottom line: I have been treated 10xs better @ a strip club.
1	If it were possible to give this pace ZERO stars, that's what I'd do. AWFUL. OK, it looks like a nice place from the outside. I noticed it from a couple visits to Rivertowne Northshore (separate review) and when the Groupon offer came, I snagged it. I am not a Hooters fan at all and don't like the food there. This place makes Hooters look like a gourmet restaurant. Food is terrible. Service is even worse. Took 20 minutes to get a beer and THERE WAS LESS THAN 10 people in the place. No one cleaned the obvious mess on the counter in front of me - even after I asked. We had to move to even get someplace that didn't look like some moron drooled all over it. Disgusting.And don't tell me you'd be willing to go there to check out the ladies that work there. If that's the best Pittsburgh has to offer, we need to just call it quits now. Ditzy, nasty, inattentive, and not good looking? And bad food? OK, they have tons of TV and they do have beer. In my book, that's not enough.The Groupon made it a half-price visit. I wouldn't set foot in there again if it were free.
1	The other reviews mentioned poor service. They were right to mention it and so will I. Our server did Get to our table in a timely manner but that was all she did correctly. The wrap I got was good, the fries were frozen sweet potato fries and very bland. The server had one other table than ours but disappeared after delivering our food. My drink went dry after my second bite and since our server was doing something other than serving I had to choke the rest of my food down. Barely dressed servers work at hooters, here not so much. Never again.
4	This is a cool place to stop on the North Shore. They have a nice sized bar, large seating indoors, and seating outdoors. Their outdoor seating also includes a nice view of the rivers, that is sometimes obstructed by some of the growth along the river.They have live music. They had a DJ when we visited on a Saturday night.This was an excellent place to stop for some drinks after a ball game at PNC. Unfortunately, I didn't dine here, so can not speak to the quality of the food.
3	The only reason I'm giving Tilted Kilt 3 stars is because I am a man, and men like sports, scantily clothed women, and alcohol. The Tilted Kilt offers all of necessities to me as a man, and that's about it.In reality, The Tilted Kilt is expensive, the service is iffy, and the food is slightly above average. But, for a place to tailgate before a game, it can be very clutch. They have TV's everywhere and a lot to offer when it comes to Craft Beers. So when it's nice outside, and the Bucco's are attempting to raise the jolly roger, you might find me sitting at a table outside watching the game, drinking a Jameson and Ginger ale and/or a Belle's Oberon, and enjoying manly activities.
1	If I could give zero stars I would. Terrible food and terrible service.  Greasy fish,onion rings and the fries were cold, and don't get me started on something that was ordered at our table called.  "chicken fried chicken"  Just yuck. When my husband doesn't even finish 1/2 of his meal, you know it's bad. Service was joke. It's rude for the waitress to sit at one end of the table and expect the customer to yell their order across the table. Trust me, I get the appeal, but at least back it up with edible food.  There are way too many other options are out there on North Shore.  Don't waste your money, I know we won't.
2	I like how every girl on here gives this place 1 star, and the guys usually give it 3 stars.That says a lot, bc if there is one hting i know about guys it is that they freaking love boobs.  The Tilted Kilt has boobs everywhere.  More than a strip club.  So many boobs I wondered if it was a health code violation.  So it having 3 or 4 star reviews from dudes tells you this is a 1 star restaurant.It should be no surprise that I was out with a guy and I did NOT pick this place.  In fact, I'm pretty sure no girl in the history of girls has ever said, "I want a fish sandwich and to stare at tits."  Our waitress was very nice, and I've got to say that if my body looked like hers, I'd be wearing the Tilted Kilt uniform daily, whether i worked there or not.We had hamburgers.  They were standard hamburgers.  WHAT IS IT WITH RESTAURANT HAMBURGER BUNS????  Once again, the bun was MASSIVE nad htat drives me crazy.  However, the hambuger was so greasy the bun immediately became full of oil and shrank down.  Kinda gross, but also kind of impressive.  That was an absorbent bun!The place was wildly over priced and I don't know how anyone could sit there and watch an entire game and drink all night.  If you want to piss your wife off, do that.  Go to the Tilted Kilt and drink all night, then tell her that's where you were all night and that your bar tab was $150.I think it might be less expensive to go to a strip club.  Go to one with a buffet, and save some money.The food was meh, the waitress was ok, the tits were large, the drinks were expensive.   -Fin-
1	So of course by now everyone knows that the Titled Kilt is like Hooters and all those other chain restaurants where the female waitresses and bartenders are dressed in skimpy clothing. That really doesn't bother me. I have a close friend who works at a Titled Kilt in Orlando (never visited that one).What does bother me is the absolutely terrible service and the ridiculous prices. The first time I visited was during a Steelers game with my bf, his friend from work, and his friend's two sons. Thought this place was spot-on for some game watching and beer chugging. Our first waitress was great: friendly, knowledgable, and came back to check on us often enough. Well, her shift ended well before we were done so she introduced us to the girl taking over. That was the last time we saw her. Seriously. We'd drained our beers, the kids had polished off their meals and nothing. A half hour later, still nothing. It was busy, yes, as to be expected during football Sunday, but seriously? My bf finally had to get up and track her down to get our check. What a horrible experience.My next visit was on St. Patrick's Day. It blows my mind that more restaurants and bars downtown and on the North Shore didn't have specials. $5 Bud Light - I guess. $10 Jager bombs - WTF. 2 beers and 2 jager bombs cost us over $30. That should NEVER happen, I don't care how nice the place is - and this place isn't that nice, it's just a regular sports bar. Also, the bartender serving us was less than attentive, though she sure overcompensated for it with the bro-y dudes to our left who were catcalling her like mad. I swore then that was the last time I would be back. As mentioned in other reviews, I'd rather go to Bettis two doors down.
3	My best man took me, my wedding party,friends, and some family out to Tilted Kilt in June for my bachelor party. My best man made reservations, but after arriving are table wasn't ready yet. They ended up giving us to choices on were to sit. After everyone got seated we ordered are drinks. At first are waitress got confused but after repeating the order she got it right. It took along time to get are drink but in time we did get them. Later we ordered are food. We got the food in a timely manor plus the food was pretty good (least what i remembered). Through out the night we ordered more drinks and had a good time. Because it was my bachelor party they gave me a drink with a drinking i had to do which was fun. Later I over heard that they charged my party for the drink. Overall the main reason I gave it 3 stars instead of 2 stars. The eye candy was nice and the food was pretty good. I will give Tilted Kilt another chance next time I am out this way. If your planning a bachelor party, you may like this place, then again you may not. Either way I still had a good time along with most of my party.
3	Stopped here right after the Pitt - Rutgers game. The bar area was pretty packed but there were plenty of tables available in the back.  Lots of tv's and they also had a DJ playing music.  I'm not sure if he's quiet during a Pitt / Steelers game (hopefully).  We got a couple of tall boys and stood near the bar.  We did not try any of the food.Yes the staff dresses "down" and depending on your group that's a good or bad thing.  I'd try it again before or after a game.
4	Saturday evening dinner with wife and somehow ended up here! Served by Clara who was very attentive and friendly. Fun for me and my wife still felt very comfortable here too.   Now the food... Started with the onion rings which were average, not great. Then the Irish Dip sandwich which was VERY GOOD. The au jus was some of the best I've had. Then the reason to go back... Tilted Guilt macadamia nut cookie and ice cream desert! Just wow!!    Also the floor manager Katelynn went out of her way to be sure all was right and enjoyed our meal.  All in all we found that there is no reason to wait over an hour plus for the place down the block.
4	I confess, everything I heard or read about this place really made me nervous.  But I saw a Groupon-type deal last year and weighed the pros and cons: Pros: It's on the North Shore (where I was quite often last year for Pirates games), the menu looked good, the Groupon-type deal might make it worth it Cons: It's the Irish Hooters, service might suck, service might be slow if it's busyI decided I could suffer through what might be a disappointing dining experience in an effort to mix things up from my usual game day meal of hot dogs and nachos at PNC Park.  I could not have had lower expectations going in.I was so nervous to try it in fact that my gift certificate was near expiring when I finally used it.  And I was pleasantly surprised.  It might be because I sat at the bar and not at a table.  But if that is the case, then the bar is the place to be.  I was greeted immediately and all my needs (refills, extra napkins, to go order) were filled with efficiency.  The bartenders were friendly and engaging, and not in that annoying way like they're working for tips.  And they were not all women.  The bartenders were both men and women so I didn't have to worry about too many boobies.  It was not too busy when I got there but did get more crowded as I left.I ordered Maggie Mae's Fish and Chips.  It was good pub fare that came out of the kitchen quickly.  So quickly that I think the bartender may have grabbed someone else's order by mistake.  But I wasn't complaining.  I also ordered Fat Bastard's Meatloaf Sandwich with garlic mashed potatoes to go because I was by myself and wanted to use the full value of the gift certificate.  It was perfect when I enjoyed it for lunch then next day.  I can understand what some other Yelp reviewers have said.  But boobies aside, the service and attention was way above par and the food was good in my experience.  I would not hesitate to go back (and sit at the bar).  Let's go Bucs!
3	Dart boards and filled with other fun venues. Great beer selection. Good service. Worth stopping by before or after a game.
2	Went to Tilted Kilt while the Pirates were playing on the weekend. First time there and it was okay. Nothing special and the food was just alright. The service was fine but I would prefer Bettis Grille. Not that it wasn't to be expected but it was about 99% men.
2	If being served cold beer and sub-standard food by legal aged young ladies dressed up like Braveheart Schoolgirls has always been your idea of a perfect bar experience, the Tilted Kilt won't disappoint.  I'd recommend eating somewhere else prior to coming here if you're hungry, though.  ('Twas a very odd choice for a work event....)
5	Let me start by saying the people who gave this place a low rating obviously didn't try the food!  I've been here twice now and have absolutely loved the food both times.  I decided to give this place a try because my sister raved about the burgers.  Let me tell you, the place did not disappoint!  The burgers were handmade and cooked to perfection.  This place has an array of yummy fried things like beer battered onion rings, homemade chips, and nachos that will make you wish you had more room in your stomach.  The beer selection is also really good.  In general all of the ingredients seem to be fairly high quality.With all of that said, some dolt of a marketing person decided that the waitresses should be dressed in skimpy outfits.  They wear only slightly more cloths than Hooter's Girls.  The BIG difference is that Hooter's food can't stand on its own.  They need another attraction to keep the doors open.  This place has excellent food.  If you are looking for an outstanding burger, be a grown-up, ignore the gals if you like, and eat here.  You won't regret it.  I'd probably leave the kids at home...
4	I've seen their ads in the Southwest Air "Spirit" magazine.  It looked like a mash-up of Hooters and Brigadoon.  So on our cross-country trip stopover in Pittsburgh, my son and I ended up here after getting the boot from The Rivers Casino (Junior is 18).  I was quite happy with Tilted Kilt.  They had nice 18-ounce glasses of Yuengling that allowed me to assuage my ire of getting tossed out of the casino.  There were TVs everywhere and all the games were airing.Junior and I started off with Buffalo Wings.  The wings were just as good as Hooters, if not better.  For entrees, I had the Fish and Chips, which was quite good.  Junior liked his Reuben sandwich.  There was a lot of diverse selection in the British/Irish food persuasion.And then there's the servers.  While Hooter's Girls have to pack all their "assets" into a very tight and skanty pair of orange nylon shorts, the Tilted Kilt wenches are in an equally provocative outfit -- short kilts and midriff tartan tops.  But while the majority of Hooters Girls are not particularly friendly, our server was friendly, intelligent, and was a highly competent server.I like the Tilted Kilt franchise.  I hope we get one in my area. But as soon as I say that, 3 more Subways and 6 more Papa Johns just opened up in Hampton Roads, VA.
1	We stopped in here for a drink when we were strolling around the North Shore. Now I know to keep walking and go somewhere else! Having my server be objectified in basically a bra and mini-skirt is not my thing. Maybe the fact that I have boobs gives me a bias...I'm also assuming they are not technically an equal opportunity employer due to the specifics of the uniform. I can just picture their hiring ad now..."Wanted: Attractive, big-breasted, small waisted women. All others need not apply." Ugh.Besides disliking the male chauvinist ambiance, this place is expensive to drink. Not sure what it's like during happy hour, but the only special they had when we were there was a bucket of 5 Yuengling bottles bottles for $15. Our server told us it's a great deal because none of the other drinks were less than $6.50, not even any shots.If your computer isn't cutting  it anymore and you're desperate for some real-life boobs crammed into a 2 sizes too small push-up bra, you'll love this place! I'll take a fully-clothed server and some craft beer elsewhere.
1	After reading reviews my expectations weren't very high, and that thought was confirmed.  The only reason we ended up coming here was that Rivertowne was insane.  Although our server was very nice, she was pretty much non-existent the entire time.  We order two beers and waters with our food.  45 min later our food came out and we still didn't get our beers. The food runner corrected the situation for her, but it was irritating.  Food wasn't too bad.  Would have been nice if it didn't take 45 min to get to our table. I understand that they are busy before a game, but 45 min for 2 sandwiches.  That's excessive.We ended up being late for the game because we couldn't find our server. I ended up asking the bartender and she responded that she was so sorry, and that our server was new. That's ok, but if she's new where's the support to help her? Oh wait, I know. They (seemed like every manager) were standing and joking at the host stand. Are you serious? Here are all these servers and bartenders struggling to keep up and their managers are standing around chatting. If I worked there, I would be livid.I will never go back here. I don't care if Rivertowne is bursting at the seams. I'll wait.
4	Good selection of drafts - bartender was great and have me 3 samples to try! - we did not try the food though
4	Had the shepherds pie and it was quite good. Nice salad to start. I did not realize how the waitresses dressed however our server was very nice and chatted with me and my wife. Just be prepared for young girls in tiny outfits. Some may like that and some may want to avoid it. But don't let the food and beer be why you don't go.
3	Like many other reviews, we were disappointed in the wait for service.   People walking up to the outdoor serving windows were getting served before those of us inside the bar waiting our turn.  When we did get service, the Long Island Iced Teas were very good and at the best price we found all day.   The wife only had one statement regarding the female bartenders and their outfits......."holy boobs"........but that isn't necessarily a bad thing.   Only complaint beside service was music was WAY TOO LOUD to have a conversation.
4	Although I was reluctant after reading other reviews, we had already planned to eat here prior to a baseball game. When we walked in at 4:30, there were only about 5 tables with patrons, and the bar was almost empty. Our waitress was pleasant and knowledgeable, and our only disappointment was that, because of the ball game, they had only a limited "event day" menu. We had the stew and a French "Irish" dip sandwich. The food came quickly,was a perfect temperature and was really delicious. The stew had a base of Guiness, and it was the tastiest I have ever had. The meat was quite tender, and the garlic mashed potatoes on top were delicious. The veggies, while hot, were reminiscent of a bag of frozen mixed carrots and peas, but it was a great dish that I'd definitely try again. The sandwich was large and very good. Our waitress was appropriately attentive and we were out with plenty of time to get to the baseball game, less than a block away. By the time we left, the crowd was still small,and we were set off with a pleasant goodbye by several staff members. I was very pleasantly surprised!
2	Ack! Bad service and skanky, ditzy girls already get a 3 star deduction from me. The food isn't bad though, and they have many beers on tap. I wouldn't come here again though due to the service and the rowdy, sleazy atmosphere.
4	Short walk from our hotel. Was busy after a Pirates game, but once the game was over, it took them quite a while to turn on the FREE UFC fights. Instead, had on Cops. REALLY?They had the completely wrong city for a beer that is brewed in my hometown of San Diego. It can't be that hard to find that information out!Despite the above, our food and service was excellent!!!
1	If you don't care that your money is buying really plain and boring food, and want to drown in jiggly tits, this is the place for you.Our main reason for going here was that every other place on the North Shore had long waits and although we could have traveled to another nearby area, we figured that the food had to be at least something worthwhile given this was a sit down restaurant with a full menu. Some would say that a short wait for a table would warrant a good rating, but since every other place had a huge wait, that is really not a good aspect by comparison. It's kinda like saying "Wow you're so luck you don't have to listen to Katy Perry sing!" to a deaf person.The food was really bland, boring and nothing special. Boring food is OK if you're not paying a lot at a drive thru or you make it at home with no culinary skills, but a sit down restaurant should actually have something to it for taste. As for drinks, two of the four of us had alcohol. My sister-in-law's Long Island was injected with more liquor than Billy Joel on a drive home. My "Lynchburg Lemonade" tasted like nothing. It was almost just a flat soda, though I'd be willing to wager that I could drink actual flat soda and get more wasted.While our server was nice, she was barely existent (I believe most of them hang out with the bartenders and forget they have tables . . . and possibly standards). I had an easier time believing Denise Richards as a Nuclear Physicist in that Bond movie than I did believing that the women here were waitresses.If the food had some substance and quality to it, I don't think this would be a horrible place to go. I just don't see spending the money on bland food and drinks. Since I have to give it at least one star, I'd justify it with the fact that they do make the male workers wear kilts (so kudos on consistency for them) and because we had fun making lots of "Tilted Klit" jokes.
1	Someone needs to alert corporate.  I show up on a Friday 6pm. 3 guys, yes I said 3 guys, are working the bar.  Not a tilted Kilt girl can be found behind the bar.  So many other options in Pitt for a good bar.
2	The only reason I didn't give the Kilt one star is because they have a decent beer selection. This is your basic sports/ "lets meet here before the game"/ "hey check out the rack on that one" (and I don't mean ribs!) kind of place. Lots of burgers and sandwiches on the menu, being a health conscious eater it was hard to find something I was in the mood for and settled on a salad, meh. Not something that goes good with an IPA. Me thinks not as a true Yelper might say. I could return if every other bar on the north shore boards up and closes.
2	Only deserves two stars because our waitress was classy and well kept unlike some of them that work here. The food was horrendous and absolutely over priced. I ordered the hot wings and they came out an hour later cold and tasted as if they were microwaved. The slimy texture was so off putting I sent them back without hesitation. This place is not for the faint of heart when it comes to good looking women and good food. Just a knock off of hooters.
1	No, no, no. I have been to this spot on multiple occassions. I wanted to give it the benefit of the doubt as the outdoor seating area has a beautiful view of the city, however, never again.TERRIBLE service everytime, mediocre food at best and corny-wanna be Scottish-decor.
4	Okay, let's get this out there and over with...there are buxom young women working here; and although they never look as good as the marketing campaign, they are indeed a distraction.  If you're uptight in any way about women being objectified for pure profit, good luck finding a restaurant in the Pittsburgh area outside of Denny's, Eat 'n Park, or Kings that DOESN'T engage in this behavior to some degree.   Now that THAT'S out of the way...it IS essentially Hooters with a Scottish tilt (see what I did there?), even though the food is Irish-flavored.  And delicious.  I had the Irish stew (yum!)on the advice of our waitress, Sam, who was incredibly cute, and incredibly young; and my wife had the Shepherd's pie, which was also to die for.  They had a  nice variety of beers both bottled and on tap (I opted for Angry Orchard on tap; liked it a lot); and the service was great (caveat:  we were there early on a Saturday evening with no Pirate game or Stage AE event); the girls were incredibly nice (given that my wife and I and one other married couple in our party were all in our late forties and early fifties greatly reduced the potential for perviness).  I could find nothing to really nit-pick about; and I didn't have ANY of the service issues that other yelpers mentioned in their reviews.  In closing, I hope to make it a regular stop when the North Shore isn't busting at the seams.  I'm sure the service could be quite a bit different after a Pirate or Steeler game.
5	The people who say the food is bad, obviously never really tried it.   The people who complain about the price of beer, it is average for the city.  The people who complain about the skantly clad beautiful young waitresses and bartenders, get over yourselves you stuck up prudes.  Went here for beers before the Pirate game and had a blast.  Both the server and manager were top notch.  I have eaten here before and have always really enjoyed the food.  Keep in mind it is bar food and not $100 a plate fine French cousine.
2	The staff and management here are great. Very attentive and nice. The food was mediocre. The biggest issue was the screw that I bit into in my burger. The management handled it well so I have nothing bad to say about the staff but I probably won't return.
2	$5.75 yuengling draught. Boobs I can't touch aren't worth that much to me. Only the aesthetics bumped this place to two stars.
1	I can't say I have anything good to say about this place. Food was awful and service was sub-par. We ordered 4 meals and not one was good. The plates looked dirty. I wouldn't recommend it.
3	I swear I've written a review on this place but I could be wrong. We had a groupon and decided to venture out to the area. Unknown to us until we looked at the menu it was shortened. This was due to a game that day. That upset the other half because they didn't have what he wanted on the shortened menu. With that said the service was good and the food was piping hot and fresh. So much so that my son had to wait a bit to eat his fish and chips so they could cool down enough that he could eat it. I'm not complaining about this. I would take fresh hot food over cold sitting around food any day. I think the outfits are cute and the girls loved my boy. This wouldn't be my first choice in the area for a dinner but it was a nice meal and the service was good.
2	The place is A-OK but the food in my opinion is very bland.  I would not eat here again.  If you are not eating there is a good beer selection and the bar is nice.  They also have outside seating and it is located close to Heinz field and PNC park.   There are girls (and guys) in kilts if that is your thing.
1	Horrible service after the electro dash.  Promised a table at 930. We left at 11with no table and the kitchen was closed.
1	Oh, my first '1 star rating' review. Lucky me!Such a horrid place! Sad, really sad on how these girls had to dress themselves in order to get by!While my 'friend of honor' and the one who chose this place went out for a smoke, our table was cleared out. Seriously, how hard is it to see that the beers aren't finished and there is no paid check on the table. Still, we got replacements, quickly gulped down new cold ones and got out. Would rather go to Applebee's!
1	Wondering if anyone else here had a very nasty experience with Nick, the general manager.My idea of a general manager is that their goal is customer care and service above all else. I was honestly (and I am not being dramatic here) appalled at how I was treated by this General Manager. Verbally disrespected is a good way of putting it. I wanted to pull up an open table on the patio next to a friends' table as more folks were coming. The waitress, extremely kind and helpful (here name was Elizabeth or Libby), said she had to check at the hostess stand and asked me to come with her. I agreed as she was so sweet, I wanted to do what I could to make things easier for her. Upon our arrival at the hostess stand, where the GM was standing, she explained the situation. He immediately barked something at her about having "no idea what she was talking about" (Which made sense as he barely listened to her before he cut her off) and to take him out there and show him. We go back out to the patio, and I promptly explain I just want to take the open table next to my friends' table and sit next to them. I say I don't even need to push the tables together. Nick, the GM, then says "You can have a chair." I instantly think he's being sarcastic as not only is that table wide open, there are--NO LIE--more than a dozen open tables on the patio. It was 90+ degrees outside so no one wanted to be seated out there. Thinking he's joking I respond something like "Oh, just a chair? I can't have the table?" and he goes "NO and if you keep talking to me like that (Mind you, I do not speak disrespectfully to people so I have no idea what set him off), you're not even going to get a chair." At this point, I realize he is NOT kidding and I say "But you have all these open tables out here" and he responds "I have over a 40 minute wait, you're not on that list" and I say "But what about all these open tables?!" to which he says "you can forget that chair" and storms off.Not only did I leave immediately, my friends who were already sitting and eating were so disgusted by how he (a man) treated me (a woman) that they promptly paid their bill and left. As long as he is working here, I won't be making any visits. I've also contacted corporate.
1	Horrible service. Incompetent wait staff. Food was nothing to talk about. Definitely won't be back or recommend to anyone.   Here's a photo of the staff. During their shift.
1	Grossly understaffed. Waited 2 hours. While waiting for a table, we saw a half drank Gatorade bottle in the ice container where they would get ice for the cocktails. At one point the bartender scooped the container up with the ice and just moved it to the side and proceeded to scoop more ice from the same spot to make someone's drink.  Food wasn't worth the money and it was cold by the time we got silverware and napkins.
4	always stop in and have a drink while im in da burgh...never disappoints
