5	This is one of my favorite Mexican fast food restaurants. It's clean and cool in the summer. It's neal the theater and my house. You can alway ask for more meat without extra charge. Of course, they will charge you if you ask two spoun more. :-)The parking space is not as big as the store and it's crowed over the weekend.
5	Excellent food. I think I am going to have to go there once I complete this review. Place is very clean and extremely welcoming. The staff are very friendly and efficient. Food is well priced and very pleasing to the taste buds. The burritos are fantastic especially with steak and the burrito bols are great too. Oh and you get get beer here and margaritas too . I am absolutely in love with this place and can't get enough. Chipotle can get crowded on the weekends and during lunch hours but you can still go in and and get your food in under 15 minutes.
5	I love Chipotle.  They offer huge burritos as well as you can skip the tortilla and get a bowl.  They also will make cheese crisps for children.  Prices are $5.50-$6.00.  You can have anything made into a salad for an additional $0.50.  They can get crowded on the weekends, but you can also fax or do your order online and just pick it up.We love going to Chandler Mall and get the kids a meal inside and we get Chipotle for us.  Best bargain there!
5	I completely agree with Sarah's review.  What I also love is they have huge cheese crisps - great for kids.  Their burritos are huge!  I also enjoy their atmosphere.  If you go to their website, it tells you alot about what their restaurant is like.  Very eclectic with corregated metal and birch wood.  Very clean atmosphere.  One of my favorite Mexican restaurants!
4	Location, location, location.This Chipotle is in a great location, seeing as the Wallace Theater (or now its something like Hollywood Theater) is minutes away (by electric wheelchair).The staff has ALWAYS been friendly.  The dining area is always clean.I'm not a big 'salad' kind of guy, but I'll take the Chipotle chicken salad with rice and pinto any day.  Their medium salsa is my idea of a perfect salad dressing, but if you are more traditional, you can get their house dressing.  I like to top off my salad (or as Sponge Bob would say: "sahh lahd") with a dollop of freshly made guacamole.When you go to a chain like Chipotle, you know what kind of food you're going to get.  When you come to this location,  you also get great ambiance.-Swoop
1	I really dislike this entire chain.  I have eaten a few and have not been impressed.  They make these burritos look huge by packing them in flavorless overcooked rice then put a few ingredients on.  They have additional items that you can buy a la carte to put on your burrito to add flavor, but you'd think they would be included.  This is Tex-Mex cafeteria food.
2	So here is the deal with Chipotle.  Every once in a while I forget why I don't like coming here and then *poof*. I magically find myself in line, looking at that damned Aztec art thingy, wondering what a plywood and sheet metal Montezuma has to do with the comically overstuffed burrito I am doomed to regret eating.  The food does not taste horrible.  It is decent.  I really enjoy their fountain soda, I don't know why.  Their are a few places that just have amazing fountain soda.  QT for one and Chipotle for two.  (That reminds me, I am going to yelp QT next.  I have some shit to say about those Mo-Fo's.)So here is why Chipotle gets two stars. Every time I eat there, I get about halfway through my giant tube filled with meat, beans, and rice when Ol' buzz kill Chipotle shows up in my gut, like the cops coming to a party.  Chipotle barges in and yells "Chipotles here, everybody OUT!".  That is when all of the drunken teenagers inside me make haste for the nearest exit. Yes, I did just make a diarrhea euphemism, relating Chipotle to the cops and my poop to drunken teenagers.  I am not proud.Why do I repeatedly torture myself for mediocre food?Although, I do expect mad props for not going with a Montezuma's Revenge joke.
5	I love Chipotle and this location carries on the great tradition!
2	If you are hungry and you want to get what you pay for...don't stop here. This is one of the only Chipotles where I get the stink-eye if I ask for a little more rice/beans/meat (not that I'm asking for mounds of food, but at least enough to fill my burrito) The burritos here are way to small to be paying almost $8 bucks for a burrito (I don't usually get extras like a drink or chips).
3	Oh Chipotle. You give me a stomach ache half the time I eat your burrito bol, yet I can't stop going. Thank you for being open late and for being so close to my apartment. You were my only dinner option at 10pm on moving-in day and you get an extra star just for that. You'll be seeing a lot more of me - even though you have the most uncomfortable seating of any Chipotle I have been inside.
4	OMG Burrito the size of my arm! This is a great location, and the staff is amazing.  Everyone is always so friendly and nice.  I love the cilantro lime rice Chipoltle offers, and when I want something filling but not *terribly* bad for me, this is a great option.  I usually get my order to go, and they are always super nice about adding extra layers of foil to keep my burrito at optimum munching temperature.   All I can really say is YAY BURRITOS!
5	Chipotle is dependable. I can always count on them to give me a great, delicious and fulfilling meal at a good price.
5	I love this place!  And so does my family!  It's so cool that you can order your dinner on the Internet or on your iPhone, bypass the line and eat a great and healthy meal.  The kids love the build your own tacos.  The burritos are so huge, I usually get one to split with my wife.  So, I can feed the whole family of 6 for less than $25--which is a deal these days for this quality of food.  Again, if you haven't tried ordering online or on your phone--you've gotta try it!  Great food!  Great service!  A+
5	One of my fav places to eat. I go there so often i get embarrassed!! haha sit outside if you want to feed the birds. lol
4	Oh, Chipotle. So delicious, yet so punishing later. I'm all for giant burritos, but damn. Chicken is win. Also, how come guacamole is extra? Are avocados really that expensive? I didn't think so last time I bought some. And didn't I just pay like $9 for a burrito and drink? Meh.
5	The Absolute Burrito!  No other burrito company like it and they just started offering brown rice.  I'm officially a life long customer.  Wow, I actually said that!
3	Standard Chipotle fare - consistently good; not bad for corporate food - if you have a few minutes, there are a number of good local offerings within walking distance.
4	Unless it's a chain restaurant with crappy food to begin with, I generally start my base rating of chains with 3 stars and then add or subtract depending on various factors such as cleanliness, service, etc.  I like Chipotle because they focus on getting their meat from sources that place an emphasis on the welfare of the animals.  I feel that when the animals are treated humanely during their life (not stuffed in a tiny box all their lives and walking around in their own waste) it reflects upon the taste of the meat.  As a result, I'm a big fan of their carnitas.  I feel you can really taste the difference, and if it's a few dollars more for it, it's worth it to me.  When I went here they really loaded up my burrito so I got a lot for my money, and everyone was very friendly and provided great service.  Would go here again!
4	It may be one of those "Chain Restaurants" but does it fall under a "Fast Food Restaurant"? It's Fast but its Quality... and its Damn Delish... at least I think it is. Was happy to see that they have FINALLY added Brown Rice to the line up when I went in recently! Everything I've ever had its been great, not fantastic... but Fantastic is hard to find these days. The chips freaking rock... not so much for the waist line but who counts calories at Chipotle? NOT ME!  Love that they have Green Tabasco Sauce... If they didn't... it wouldn't be a 4.5 Star. If they would add some Local Hot Sauce to the line up that would ROCK. It may be a "Fast Food" Restaurant but its a billion times better than 99% of those other "Restaurants" that serve crap. Plus... they have a great concept and I love this commercial of theirs: http://youtu.be/aMfSGt6rHosMy Recommendation: Burritio, Brown Rice, Black Beans, Barbacoa, Fajita Vegetables, Tomatillo-Green Chili Salsa, Corn, Romaine Lettuce & Cheese. Chips w/ a Sids of the Tomatillo-Green Chili Salsa & Tomatillo- Red Chili Salsa. YUM!
5	We LOVE Chipotle. Eat at this one all the time. The staff is very friendly and usually gives out generous portion sizes. Love the food and the fresh ingredients. Obviously not authentic mexican, but still delicious!
2	Let me just say, I love the taste of a Chipotle Burrito when everything is done right.When the rice is cooked all the way through and has enough cilantro, it's awesome. When the black beans are cooked all the way through, it is awesome.  But it is impossible to pick off or pick out a bad element.  This location is a hit or miss, usually a miss.  Sometimes the beans are crunchy, sometimes the rice is crunchy or under seasoned.  And if one element is bad, the whole burrito sucks and is a waste of money.  Sick of wasting money here, just need to find a better location.
1	This chipotles is very sloppy and has major issues with customer service. The short female manger is a bitch and doesn't have a clue on what customer service is.... I have never seen so much turn over in an establishment. Watch the grill guy when he make rice...... he puts his bare hands in it..... gross.
5	MMMMMM we love Chipotle.
5	The staff at this location are friendly and accommodating! They are very accurate with phone in orders and online orders and the line moves fast when its busy. Highly recommend.
4	This Chipotle is sort of tucked into the shopping area.  Easy to see if you are in the right place, but otherwise a bit of a hunt.  It has the some format as every other Chipotle we've been to.  Burrito prepared quickly.  It was very tasty, as usual.  Seemed a bit smaller (I usually can't finish one in a single sitting).  But I can't be sure about that.As fast food goes, this is some if the better stuff.
4	I love that you can buy a single taco!
4	Love Chipotle! It isn't always the best on your stomach, but taste so good.
3	Every time I've ever eaten here I've gotten grizzly pieces of steak in a Steak Burrito. When you are paying double the price of Filibertos to come here it is pretty frustrating to bite into that. The price is competitive with other major chains. The environment inside is very nice and minimalistic. The chips are delicious but are caked in salt. The salsa is good. Look up the secret menu.
5	I love the food here the only thing is it can get pricey.  The burritos are huge and come with rice, beans, meat, salsa, lettuce, sour cream and other options. You can also choose a bowl instead of burrito the has all the same choices like a taco salad. They have a few things for the kids to get also.
5	It's a good thing that Chipotle warms my soul, because they had the A/C set to 60*... But if you're the type that likes that thermostat setting AND burritos/salads/tacos, you my friend have found your home. Stopping for dinner after the gym in damp clothes wasn't the best idea, and cause us to inhale our food so we could escape to warmer pastures. This Chipotle is just like the others. They're all nearly identical and produce equal product. That's a good thing. Burrito/Bowl/Taco/Salad - I love them all. But their guacamole, is the opus of avocado. Nothing compares. With their citrus infused tortilla chips. I die. Truly one of my favorite nosh choices around.
4	Very quick service! The three workers greeted me right as I was walking in. Not something I am used too. The portions are smaller than at other chipotles, the rice and chicken in particular. Overall a good experience. I was in and out in no time.
2	The employees here are unbelievable.  Literally watched one wrap up my burrito by squeezing out all of the sour cream then rolling it in it...plus my friends margarita took seriously 5 minutes to make.
4	Sofritas, black beans and pico, Oh my!Seriously, love the chipotle concept, and love even more that they offer shredded, mouth watering, pepper infused, juicy tofu.This location is great because they are quick and easy to get in and out of...(kinda wish this shopping center would take off a little more though).The staff was really friendly and helpful and moved the long line  of customers quickly through the process and on to the every wonderful tasty chipotle goodness. I will be back soon!
1	Seriously they need to figure out how to follow instructions. Every time I order online, it is completely wrong.
1	I love chipotle and go at least once a week and usually more. I always get the exact same thing....bowl with brown rice, lettuce and steak or a three point meal they ALWAYS say, as this is a little cheaper than the regular bowl.  Today the girl at the register and I believe the manager were so rude. They told me all the other Chipotle's haven't been charging me enough and basically arguing with me in front of everyone.  I can't believe the service at this place, it was so bad. I will never go back to this Chipotle.
2	My husband and I go to Chipotle at least once a week for their grilled steak salad.  For us it is a satisfying meal, especially if you ask for extra lettuce.   Here's the problem with this particular Chipotle location and if it happened just once or twice, I wouldn't say anything but it is EVERY SINGLE TIME.   There are very few ingredients to manage, a few meats, a few bean choices, two rice choices, fajita, and a few toppings.  Every time we go there they are behind on keeping up with refilling their trays.  So, you get started making a salad and they are almost done and bingo - sorry, they are out of steak or sorry we are out of fajita.  Or sorry - we are out of dressing we will make some.  True they always say, no worries it's on the way, and you wait and wait while your salad gets cold and soggy.  (It's supposed to be a warm salad).  This time, they were out of fajita and they just pushed our salads aside and said the fajita would be right up.  That was odd because there was literally no one in the cooking station behind them and certainly no fajita being fried up.  When I mentioned it to the server, she looked at me sort of annoyed and went back herself to start making it.  I just said "look" at this point you really need to remake the salads because they are ruined.  So after she finally came out with fajita (barely cooked), she willing remade the salads.  Fine.  Now it's time to go through the salsa, sour cream, etc. section as you make your way to the cash register.   My husband said, salsa, corn and light sour cream.  So what happened?  The server put a huge ladel full of sour cream on top of his salad.   My husband said, why did you do that?  I said "light" sour cream.   We asked for the manager.  Trouble was, the kid that made the sour cream error was the manager!   They offered to remake our salads and we just walked out.  They don't listen, they don't stay on top of keeping their ingredients filled.  They weren't understaffed either.   It's just this location.  We went to another Chipotle in Mesa and it was just fine.  Everyone listened to the customer.  They didn't rush you.  Heck the Gilbert location wasn't even crowded so you can't say, the kids were stressed.  They just don't listen and push you through the line too quickly.  The whole point of this place is supposed to be the ability to customize your meal.  Oh - and by the way, most of the Chipotle locations we go to keep their A/C turned down way too low.   Big waste of energy and most of the people I know who go here agree!
4	I see a couple recent negative reviews and I'm surprised.  My family and I eat here quite a lot.  There is always a long but fast-moving line.  We worry about having an available table but there's always one available by the time our food is done.  The food is reliably good and our orders accurate.  The employees are always really friendly, yet fast - they work together like a well-oiled machine.  I have yet to have a bad experience.
2	Got a burrito and they had to change tortillas because there was so much liquid in it. I even had to wring it out when I sat down. Ultimately I couldn't eat the soaked and soggy concoction. So disappointed because I like Chipotle
