3	There's nothing like an old-school hotel lobby bar for people watching and feeling like a perverted traveling salesman! Lobby bars are the crossroads of the hotel, and usually a great place to chill and watch the neverending Vegas tragedy. The lobby bar at the Trump is more tragic than fun, though...kind of like sitting at a lobby bar on a Sunday night in Moldova, three days after the apocalypse, when the liquor supply's running low and the few surviving hookers are glowing with radioactivity.I was here on a Saturday night, on a very busy weekend, so the place should have been jamming. Instead, I found a cavernous, bedazzled lobby strewn with a few tired married couples sitting in shitty, flimsy banquet hall chairs, sipping coffee from paper cups, listening to the creepy lounge duo croon adult contemporary schlock.I sat at the bar proper (no shitty banquet chair for me) and ordered a $9 vodka cranberry. The other bar customers included a few cognac-swirling, cardigan-wearing, eerily sedate Irish bachelor party-goers, and one crazy New Age prostitute who was boring the bartender with talk of astrophysics, positive thinking, and the Tibetan Book of the Dead, which she was allegedly reading. Neither one seemed interested in starting up a conversation... so I finished my drink and bailed. Verdict: maybe I just hit it on a bad night, but it wasn't much fun. Better hotel lobby bars are to be found at MGM Grand (Zuri), Caesars Palace (Galleria), and my favorite, the Petrossian Bar at Bellagio.
2	A really terrible bar, with $9 miller lites and lots of people waiting around for someplace better to be.We sat at the bar and had a couple of beers as we waited for our gang to get together. the bar staff were friendly but they gave us a dog of a recommendation to go an eat somewhere.
4	Why the poor reviews? This bar isn't anybody's destination. If you're sitting at this bar, you're not here because you're looking for action. You're here because you're probably waiting for everybody else in your group to hurry the fuck up so you can get out of the terrible casino-less hotel it's located in and go somewhere better. And as a killing-time type of spot, it delivers and then some. There's live music playing (and they're surprisingly good), you won't struggle to grab a seat, the bartenders are all laid-back smiles, and their signature drinks are surprisingly damn good. I can't comment on the food, but I had maybe 4-5 of the signature cocktails, and I was pleasantly surprised with each one. If this was located in another hotel, with a nearby casino floor, I'd be all over it.
1	So slow, took over 50 minutes both times when told about time crunch. Never again. Food was decent
