5	I was surprised to see that Tom Ford a store in Las Vegas before Beverly Hills, but was thrilled nonetheless when I visited Crystals last week after Christmas. I didn't even bother looking at the clothes and went straight to the back to the sunglasses and fragrances, and boy, was that an experience. I was planning on buying a bottle of Grey Vetiver from Bloomingdale's but since this store was here, I figured I might as well get it straight from Tom Ford.A sales associate came up to me and recommended some other fragrances from the private blend collection, but at $180 a bottle, I decided to just stick with the Grey Vetiver. Strangely, the sales associate was very friendly and not pushy at all which is rare for Las Vegas, especially in such an upscale store. I wasn't treated like somehow who only bought a fragrance because that's all I could afford, even though that was me exactly. I was treated like any other customer, even the security at the front wished me a happy new year. That's called customer service.The store itself was beyond what I imagined. the architecture was brilliant and everything was displayed so beautifully. It was hard to miss, since the store is a big black box with an illuminated "TOM FORD" sign. It's wedged right in between the Luis Vuitton flagship and the Lanvin store.I am definitely returning later this year, and I'm stopping by the Lanvin store next door when that opens too.
5	It's about time men get treated to some elegance and luxury. I visited the Tom Ford store at Crystals with my husband, who hates shopping. But he fell in love with the Tom Ford store. The service is impeccable without being pushy. The sales staff know their Tom Ford, and they can fill you in with interesting trivia, such as the fact that the store's interior design was inspired by Tom's Ford apartment. We left with a bottle of Tom Ford Black Orchid cologne. Now, I already love my husband to pieces, but I LOVE him that much more when he's wearing the cologne. Yummy.Even if Tom Ford apparel, accessories and fragrance are beyond your budget, you should still stop by. The window shopping alone is beyond inspiring, leaving men with the strong desire to take their look and confidence up a notch.
5	Ooh-la-la! I love Tom Ford's sunglasses! I bought an amazing pair at this particular location and was helped by a few amazing salesmen who helped me make the decision between two pairs(one in particular an MSU alumni- very friendly). I will be paying this location a visit next time I'm in the city hands-down.
5	Sexy. Elegant. Masculine. Expensive. Timeless.My visit at Tom Ford was very enjoyable -- an opportunity to see and feel some beautiful fashion up close. I love Ford's aesthetic, and I appreciated the attention to detail in all aspects of the in-store experience -- including the modern and orderly display, as well as the friendly and laid back conversation with our knowledgeable and well-dressed sales associate.
5	I went in here and tried on a $7000 leather jacket. Best jacket I had ever put on. I felt like the king of the world for about 273 seconds...and then I took it off and hung it back up on the rack :( All the sales people were really accommodating. Cologne room was really cool. Definitely a great place to blow stacks of cash!!
5	This store is superior to any store on Rodeo Drive.Do yourself a favor and treat yourself to something nice here.
5	My love of Tom Ford started when I first watched "A Single Man," his directorial debut.  Not only was the film intriguing, well-written, and well-acted (seriously, Colin Firth should have gotten the Oscar for this film, instead) but it's visually hypnotic.  From the sets to the costumes to the lighting, it's the work of a visionary.  Clothes are so much a part of the characters in the film, why can't it be the same real life?My boyfriend and I ventured in while strolling along the Strip earlier this year.  It was more like looking at art than actually shopping.  The sales staff is laid-back, but quick to offer help.  One saleswoman took the time to give us rundown of all the colognes.  Now, I have a very sensitive sense of smell, so I HATE most perfumes and colognes of any kind, but I must say there were a couple in there that even I loved.  The Cologne Room itself is a sight to see--circular and lined with glass shelves, it has the feel of a turn-of-the-century conservatory.   The store is the epitome of Ford's aesthetic: elegant and classic, yet modern.  Gentlemen, if you're looking to impress the ladies (or other gentlemen), you've found your brand.
1	It pains me to write this review as I am a fan of Tom Ford's work and regard him as a true modern master.  However, this review is solely based upon my experience at the Las Vegas boutique...I excitedly walked into the store and began browsing.  Two male sales associates were standing in the front room talking to one another.  Neither one of them acknowledged me.  I immediately noticed a soft leather briefcase on a top-shelf and turned to ask one of the salesmen for assistance.  However, they could not be bothored since their pending lunch was quite the important topic.  I stood there for a good 20 seconds and finally managed an "excuse me." One walked away, and the other slowly turned his head, gave me a blank stare, followed by "yessss..."  I pointed and asked him if he knew the price of the briefcase off the top of his head.  He then ROLLED HIS EYES, walked and stood in front of the briefcase, and said something like "it's around $3,000 I think" and just continued to stare at me.  I thanked him and left the store.
2	The clothes themselves were great.  I love Tom Ford's designs, so clean and slick.  Attitude of the salesmen were NOT.  Good God, why does this boutique the size of a matchbox need six people on the floor?  The sheer coldness and disinterest of the salesman, along with a good pinch of rudeness drove us to go give our money to Zegna, (who was really super friendly and chill and we had a blast shopping there!)  Oh, hey, my shopping partner in jeans and a shirt that doesn't fit?  He's my best friend.  Owns a private jet.  Whatever amount of cars.  He loves clothes, especially since he dropped eighty pounds and was so proud to shop in the small section.  He loves to fly to new places in ONE set of clothes, namely, whatever he's wearing on the plane, and an empty suitcase and shop, buy all the clothes he needs for the trip there, and go back with them (yeah, I know, how nice.)  I spent a good half hour over dinner talking about how awesome the Tom Ford boutique is and what a legend the man is in the world of fashion and the utter snark of the salesman sent us packing pretty quick and made me look like a fool.  And if I say I work for a particular company, don't openly trash one of our productions to me.  Social Grace 101, bro.
5	I've purchased from Tom Ford boutiques at Neiman Marcus in San Francisco and Las Vegas and even with an expectation going in, I was surprised by the elegance and attention to detail in the store.  The front of the store was designed for gentlemen and it shows -- It's what we all wish our closets looked like.Zac was extremely helpful and since I had no particular item I planned on buying, I was open to trying on quite a few things.  Some were good, some were great and some were shock-inducing (not only in price, but also quality.)  Nothing felt mediocre.I walked out of the store a little lighter in the pocket but very happy with what I picked up.  This is my reason for coming to Vegas.
5	Although I wear primarily Zegna Suits, I just love Tom Ford Suits!I always stop by this LV Store at least three times a year and check out all their new suits.........the cut and the overly large lapels are truly unique.The sales peolpe always rock and I always leave as a happy customer.
3	What a difference a year makes.  Re-visited this store recently and found the sales staff (mostly new faces) to be friendlier, more at ease, and engaging.  However, there was a group of 3  that were standing in front of the store just chatting and giggling away, mindless of potential customers waiting to be helped.  Also, the woman that eventually helped me seemed to be supervising rather than assisting. She did attempt a joke though at some point....  Kudos for the improvement, but the sales team still has a long way to go!
4	I came here to check out all of the fragrances. I adore all of the Tom Fords colognes and perfumes. They are so rich and decadant. The staff here was super friendly and engaging. What a fabulous shopping experience!
5	Great clothes and great service.  Nicholas was extremely knowledgable and helpful with outstanding sense of style.  Picked up two suits, pair of pants, and several sides.  Would highly recommend.  Call ahead and they will set everything up for you!
5	You probably already knew that Tom Ford does gorgeous clothing - smartly updating the classics - and amazing fragrances.  Five stars for the staff at this location - very friendly and polished - especially Byron, who helped me on my last visit.
5	Three words: Uh May Zing.Best shopping experience in my 40 years to day, not only because of the richness of the fabrics and scents, but equally because of the non-judgmental, accommodating staff. I was admittedly fearful of shopping in a Tom Ford store because I wouldn't meet some pre-determined prejudiced "she looks like she can afford it" criteria. Thankfully no one treated us like that, despite I confess walking into the store with plastic beer cups (we asked if we should leave them outside before we entered). Vinny in womens was so fun! Ladies - trust his opinion. He knows what he's talking about. And Nick in menswear - absolutely outstanding. I wish I could take him everywhere I shopped. Stylish, personable, patient. He spent two hours dressing my husband and we didn't buy anything, at least not yet. We will. Just trying to decide what to start with.I hope Tom himself walks into this store and thanks these guys for being everything in a staff he could hope for. They are as much as a part of his brand as the clothes themselves, and the experience lives up to the brand.
5	If you want the entire Tom Ford experience go see Nick - he's knowledgeable, professional and very accommodating. This is truly a great luxury shopping experience. Highly recommended.
5	Expensive as hell but the customer service... AMAZING!Sis got a couple of ties for the bro-in-law ... while she got a pair of eye glasses... and her BFF bought a pair of eye glasses as well... while I just stared at how nice and friendly their customer service were... sadly... money does talk... hard truth.
1	I was almost positive I had the worst customer experience I've ever had in Las Vegas here at this store... until a few days later when I experienced worse (if it's even possible) at the Louboutin boutique in Forum shops. I'll start off by saying yes, I'm a young guy and I was dressed down in just a t-shirt, camo shorts, and gym shoes from flying in an hour before but I am still a customer no matter what. I told the associate who I finally stopped to help me that I was getting married next year and I wanted to purchase a suit for the wedding. The experience was basically "here try this on.." and a roll of the eyes. I wasn't really flattered by the fit and instead of offering to show me different ones, he suggested that I just go try other retailers assuming I knew nothing about their suits nor could I afford them. Being in Las Vegas there are a lot of tourist, but you should never treat someone so inferior to yourself nor speak to them in a condescending tone. I am glad I took all the money I was ready to spend at this poor serviced establishment elsewhere. Don't judge somebody on what they wear into the store.. I had the money to purchase what I needed but in the end customer service is what lost my business. Maybe the associates here should stop by the Dor boutique in the mall and learn a thing or two about how to treat customers.
1	I was very excited about going to Tom Ford. I was looking to get a couple suits. It was one of my main objectives on this trip. But from the minute i walked in I was disappointed. The customer service I received was by far the worst from any of the boutiques in Vegas(almost outlet level service). I was on vaca middle of the day in Vegas so I was not dressed the part when I walked in, so I was immediately dismissed. You would think they understand people are on Vacation and dressed at such during the day. I basically had to beg for help. After a few minutes of awkwardness. I just walked out. Very disappointed.
5	Although I can't afford much of what is for sale, I do try to buy smaller items such as a wallet or cologne for gifts and such when I go. The clothes are beyond beautiful. I admit I love the fragrances most and have purchased Black Orchid for myself and gifts. The service and gift wrapping was absolutely exceptional.
4	Here's a little advice... act like you belong, and you're in.I spent quite a bit of money during my Vegas visit, but Tom Ford is still out of my price range. Thankfully the store carries the entire line of fragrance, skincare, and beauty for those who are less flush with benjamins. While the service was somewhat intimidating when I walked in, the moment I displayed any sort of interest or knowledge with the brand was the moment my sales associate realized I meant business. From then on, it was smooth sailing. I gawked at gorgeous scarves, fanboyed over the very VERY popular sneakers (they come in size thirteen? oh lucky me), and admired the store's design before settling with my more frugal skincare and fragrance purchases. The moment I've got the $$$ to drop, i'll be back for those sneakers.
5	I absolutely love this place and had one of the best shoe shopping experience ever!  I had called the store a few weeks prior to going there (for one of our quarterly Vegas get away trips with my man and friends), in search for the strappy padlock sandals. Gena one of their sales reps answered and was the sweetest thing ever! They didn't have the shoe in store but she was willing to get them sent in so I can try it on when we got to Vegas. We exchanged numbers and became texting shoe buddies. I ended up buying a pair at Neiman Marcus that the Tom Ford store did not have (patent leather pump with padlock and ankle strap) prior to the trip. The strappy sandals I wanted weren't available any more before we arrived to Vegas and Gena was super sorry :( Gena still wanted to meet me and I'm glad I visited the store! I was brought into the shoe room and was surrounded by many gorgeous sandals, pumps and boots. I was in shoe heaven. We were offered water and I tried on a few shoes for fun! Of course fun leads to want... And I fell in love with their metallic leather silver pumps (tom ford special edition). Gena explained that Tom Ford is usually all about gold so this is part of the few silver shoe collection he did make. All though it would be my second tom ford pump that month, my man loved the shoe and because Gena was such a doll, we just had to purchase the silver pumps from her! Gena was some of the best customer service I've had and it was way more fun getting shoes from the Tom Ford store then it is getting a CL pump at the Christian Louboutin store... and I've gotten quite a few. We will definitely be getting all our Tom Ford through Gena! Love her! I also tried on stretch leather over the knee metal stiletto boots which my man loved. They were fabulous but they were a size 9. Way to big... I'm a 5.5. The crazy thing... Gena told me Bruno Mars bought the same pair I tried on for his Gf the next day. He has good taste.I left happy.. And again because of the best customer service I have ever had.. We are definitely coming back for more!
5	Love absolutely everything here. Beautiful store, gorgeous layout, luggage, purses, shoes, sunglasses, & cosmetics. One room leads to another.
5	Yes this place is extremely expensive and can be intimidating but Tom Ford's clothing cannot be matched by any other designers for men's clothing. I bought my wedding tuxedo here and have never felt more confident in my entire life. The fit and quality of the clothing blew me away. I own a dolce and gabbana tuxedo as well and it doesn't even come close to my TF. I'm not lucky enough to own more than 4-5 pieces of Tom Ford clothing but if I could I would buy every piece in their store. I plan to slowly keep adding his items to my wardrobe. Go see Gini Kim if you end up going there. She is extremely professional and knowledgeable of the products. She never made me feel pressured and was very patient.
4	Tom Ford is located on the first floor of Crystals and next to LV. Out of all stores in Vegas, my fiancee was infatuated in coming to Tom Ford to look at suits. I'm still a little confused as to if he wanted me to buy him a suit as a gift or if he was planning on wearing this suit for our wedding... Beats me, but when he tried on the 3 piece, his eyes just sparkled. Just like when I put my engagement ring on for the first time. As we left the store and I asked him if he liked it, all he whispered to me was 5290. Whether that was the price of the suit or the style number, I will never know...#fianceeproblems...
