3	This shop has a large selection of cigars and probably the best prices in town. Don't expect a lot of help from the staff. You are lucky if they know what they have, let alone advising you on anything to buy. I overheard a staff person tell an obvious novice looking to buy cigars for a bachelor party, "They're all good. It just depends on what you want to spend" - a useless response. I talked to him afterward and after getting a little information about the people he was buying for I made two or three suggestions.A good place to go - if you know what you're after. I have also noticed a significant jump in their prices over the past year or so. Now I usually only shop at Paiute when they offer discount coupons. Even then Paiute is not always a good deal, as they often exclude many of the most popular brands in their coupon offerings, or confine them to bundled cigars or blends that aren't selling.There is no smoking lounge here, so you have to take your sticks off the premises to enjoy them. The humidification system in their walk-in humidor isn't very sophisticated. They use a humidifier like something you would buy at Wal-Mart.
4	At one time, Paiute was hands-down the best place in town to buy cigars. These days, things aren't quite as grand, but not all is lost. They still have the lowest prices in town (usually comparable to what you would pay online), but the prices aren't as great as they used to be, and there's a couple of caveats. The first issue, and easiest to get over, is the location. It's a bit of a hike from almost anywhere in town, and there's always gonna be some kinda traffic during their business hours. Their bigger issue, however, is their humidity control. For whatever reason, they simply keep the humidity too high in the humidor. The result, if you don't already know, is that cigars fresh out of the store don't smoke perfectly. But that's not a deal breaker either. Many people can't even tell the difference, but for those of us who can, it's simple to remedy by storing the sticks in your own humidor for a few weeks. Past all that, their selection is wide, but nothing spectacular. One kinda nice thing is that it doesn't change very much, so if you find something you like their, odds are it'll be there next time. They carry also carry a small amount of accessories (lighters, cases, butane, etc) and semi-exotic cigarettes (Dunhill, Nat Sherman, Du Maurier, etc) at pretty good, but not always great prices. Service is generally amicable enough, but cigar knowledge is non-existant, so treat it like self-service in that regards. And they are strictly a store...no lounge or even a place to sit.So I like Paiute enough. When I need domestic cigars, it's where I go.
3	I write this review with mixed feelings.  I wish we didn't have to go there.  My wife is still an addicted smoker.  This the trek to this store periodically to replenish her supply.I have mot found service to be an issue.  They offer off brands at more reasonable price than the name brands.
3	Cigar selection is good and prices are ok, but good luck finding a cigar that is labeled with a price. I find it annoying to pick up a few cigars and then go to the register to have it scanned only to find out its 10 dollars more than I imagines. This place would be perfect if they could  just LABEL things with a price. I mean, isn't that what most businesses selling a product do?
5	best place to get cigars in town. best prices. no tax. wide selection. room is always properly humidified. watch out for zombies in the area though...
3	Paiute is in a shady area with the tent shanty alley close by, but it's a place to get deals. They sell smoke items for cheap and no tax since it's Indian ran. My MIL goes here for her smokes and we often just do the drive thru service than go inside when I happen to be with her. I didn't even know what it was like inside for years. A friend of ours said that there was a cigar humidor in there and so we trekked there to see what they have. It's maybe a good thing to try inexpensive cigars and sometimes you find some items worth the trip, but don't expect any real rarities being stocked here. This may be a place to find your "everyday" box over your splurge box. My one big thing with them is their humidor was a bit too moist this time around. It lead to some cracking of items that went into a home humidor kept at what I think is "ideal" levels. With some we kept them in bags with just a humidity pouch and slowly let it get dry before putting it into a humidor. Apparently sometimes they hold little events and cook up something of a Indian "taco" - made out of fry bread. I've yet to go during a time where this is happening, but may sweeten the deal to make it out here at the lure of smokes AND a something different food offering. Nothing too crazy, just decent deals but between the humidity issue and it being out of the way, it just gets a A-OK 3 star rating from me.
4	This place has the best prices in town for cigarettes and also has a great selection of cigars.  I smoke benson and hedges and the prices are better than what I can get at Costco or SAMs. I usually buy cartons so I won't have to make the trip to this part of town because its a bit shady.
5	I don't smoke, but I come here once every few months for my mom. She smokes virginia slims and said this is the cheapest place she's found now that you can't buy it off the internet. Think it's $52/carton vs $90/carton in Hawaii + about $16 for a large flat rate priority usps box that perfectly fits 8 cartons. It's also tax free and be sure to sign up on their website - they email coupons for $2-4 off each carton w/ no limit. Yes I'm totally enabling my mom's habit, but she's going to do it whether she saves money or not. So it's in a totally shady area of town, but I feel safe since there's a very nice security guard w/ a gun, and there's a little police station literally around the corner. The employees may seem a little trashy, but they're all extremely nice and helpful everytime I've needed more from the back.  The one thing that sucks is that they close pretty early at 7pm, so I have to speed down there after work to make it in time.
5	Smoke shop! Ya Hoo! "Cigars, Cigarettes!"So, so many cigars! Prices are way reasonable, a must visit in Vegas.Clean, and beautiful, well laid out, it is small (you might have to go outside to change your mind) but the staff is so helpful, and everything is set up really nice. Some pretty nice cigars in there!The cigarette shop is a bit larger and separate from the cigar shop, cartons of cigarettes await.Ya, ya smoking is bad for you, go read another review already.Easy to get to, helpful staff, reasonable prices (this is Vegas people)...
3	Cigar smoker. Been meaning to visit this place for a number of years, and finally had some "me time" to make a visit.The cigar shop is on the north end of the building, so, don't make my mistake and initially walk into the cigarette part of the building.First I've ever seen: drive-through lanes to pick up your carton of cigs.Decent selection, some sneaky good options, at decent price (read: prices you probably pay at home, no Vegas "vig" added to the price). Nothing on this visit was must have (decent selection of mid-tier, $7-10), especially since I came out with a fair amount of smokes I had at home.Other Vegas shops (off the usual tourist paths) have better selections at a slightly bigger markup, but nice option if you have a rental car and need to get some ropes for your visit.
5	Really good selection of cigars, at a decent price.  Apparently, I'm not the only person who wandered around the Cigarette Side fire realizing the CIGAR shop was right next door...  LOL.
5	Decent selection, well stocked humidor and good prices. The location of this place is it's only drawback. But it is what it is. The reason for 5 stars? Service, service service. I've been to allot of cigar stores, but have yet to encounter the super friendly and helpful folks here. Worth the stop.
