5	I'm very surprised I'm the first to review this awesome West Valley spot.  I went with a big (14 people) group after a movie last Saturday.  The service was about at full capacity and therefore my drink laid empty a little longer than it should have, but it's not as if anyone was slacking by any means.With such a big group I was able to sample many dishes and there wasn't a loser in the bunch.  My chicken zingarella was fantastic, as were the stuffed mushrooms.  I must go back to try the gnocchi!
5	I agree with Tracy, my wife and I are big fans of Fiorella's. Definitely a treasure for the northwest valley. The service is great and the food is delicious. Prices are a bit higher than other dining options in the area, but the friendly people and yummy food are worth it.
4	It's nice to see an Italian place actually being run by an Italian.  We came here with a group of 14 for a birthday and they had everything ready for us when we got there.  The owner/namesake introduced herself to us and she was sweet as can be and really seemed to love what she was doing.As far as the food goes, this is what we ordered: Calamari and Stuffed Mushrooms as apps, and I got the special Filet Mignon Red Wine Risotto.  The free bread that sits on the table is deliciously buttery, crusty, and garlicky.  I enjoyed a few too many.  The calamari was good, and I especially liked that they were only rings and none of those nasty baby shaped ones.  The stuffed mushrooms looked less appetizing than they tasted and earned the name monkey brains from a few of our diners.  My risotto was not a very attractive dish.  The plate was piled high with a strange purple colored mass of rice.  Luckily I don't care too much about appearance because I gave it a shot and enjoyed it.  The steak could have been cooked less though.  I also tried the husbands eggplant parmigiana and it was really tasty.  Service was lackluster and from what I hear from those who are regular guests, the younger gal who works there is much much better.  My main irritation was the fact that the birthday boy was served last, and to make things worse, about 5 minutes after the last person was served.  All in all though, I had a good time, I enjoyed good food, and there was a ton of stuff on the menu that would bring me back.
3	This is my best friend's family's favorite place to go.  They go for every birthday or holiday or any event.  I've been here a dozen times, easily.  My friend's family is all from Sicily and so is my family.  We like to think we know good Italian food and, for what it is worth, they keep going back.As for me, this place drives me crazy.  Any time I order anything, it is wrong.  They have screwed up my order every single freaking time that I have gone.  The side is wrong, the preparation is wrong, the whole dish is wrong - it doesn't matter.  They screw it up.  We usually go with a group of at least 6, usually 12 or more.  I swear they just bring whatever they felt like making!  People will get things not even remotely close to what they ordered.  It drives me mad.  I hate bad service and there is no excuse for screwing up a simple order.  You are writing it down, for God's sake!Other than that, the food is pretty good.  Some things are better than the others.  The "specials" never really seem to be all that "special" and I wish they would use more local ingredients.  It is pretty traditional southern Italian fare and it is enjoyable.  Your odds are probably better if you go as just a couple than as a giant group but damn this place just bugs me.
4	So far my favorite for Italian food in the valley.  And I mean "Italian" food not commerical, overly processed "italian" food.  Every time I've been in we've been visited by the owner who is super friendly and, here's a novel idea, Italian.  They have wine tasting events too where they pair the different tastes with appetizers...a ton of fun for a group or just a couple.
3	Okay....the place is very attractive - we need more neighborhood places like this.  Tables may be a little close together, but ok.  Fiorella herself seems to do most of the cooking, which is fine - very good menu.  Wine list is small and varied.  And the young, definitely Italian waitress is a whiz!   MG, she moves!Food, not bad and I'll definitely try again.  But there was way too much pepper in the carbonara.  Ask for less pepper and it will be good.  And they've got veal...gotta try that.  So I'll be back.Right now, they've got a $4.99 lunch special.  I should have asked about that.
2	We really were excited when we saw a family owned neighborhood restaurant near by.  The first few times we came here the food was great and the service was too.  So when we had an opportunity to bring another neighbor to introduce them we were excited to take her here.  We were big time disappointed.They had a skeleton crew on and we waited quite some time to just be acknowledged for wanting a table and there were many available.  Then when seated another long wait and no apologies and a bit of an attitude.Well our appetizer ravioli was great so we were ready to forgive the service and the wait.  You never know they may have had wait staff no shows so we thought we would give them a break.Our "FRESH" scallops though were awful.  Gritty and mushy and just didn't taste good.  When we told the waitress she was less than friendly. She did get the owner who stopped at the table next to us as loudly asked how their scallops were.  When the owner came to our table she flat out told us there was nothing wrong with the scallops she bought them herself FROZEN at costco earlier that day and that the another customer said they were fine.  Hmmm then why did the menu say they were fresh?  Oh well she basically told us we were wrong and was quite rude.  We asked her to taste them but she didn't feel the need.  I have since heard friends and neighbors that were thrilled to have a local restaurant but they also said it has gone downhill and they won't go back.  Unfortunately, neither will we.  Sad because we don't have much out this way and really wanted to love this place.
4	So we went back for the Veal.  Very good - could have been worked on a bit more - there was a bit of chewiness throughout.  But the Sauce was really good.  I'd have said a three again, if it wasn't for the sauce and that incredible waitress!!!  And I found out she's not Italian - hope Fiorella pays her well, I tipped her well, she's absolutely unbelieveable and never acts flustered.And I love the neighborhood atmosphere!
5	You can't beat the prices and the great food at Fiorella's! I love diving into a plate of authentic italian food served at this place.  But it's not just the food that keeps us coming back to Fiorella's it's the wine too! Fiorella herself hosts monthly wine tastings!  If you haven't been before put it on your list:) you won't be disappointed!
1	My husband and I decided to try this restaurant last week with our two children. It appeared to be" family friendly" as it sits in a strip mall next to a Fry's, but it was absolutely NOT. They served my (thankfully very well mannered) three and four year olds huge open water glasses. There is no child menu, but our waiter was kind enough to give my son half a portion. I ordered the cheese ravioli and my husband, the lasagna. We are not picky people at all, and those would seem like safe dishes, but they were awful. My husband swears this is the Costco lasagna we purchased a while back.. and based on a previous review, it is from Costco. The bruschetta was not worth ordering, either. We tried hard to find something to like, but it just didn't happen.The service was decent, but we will not return.
4	I don't normally try new restaurants without a referral - just hate to spend the money and then be disappointed if I didn't like the food.  I had a coupon so I decided to try Fiorella's.  When we walked in to for a late lunch at 1:30 PM there was no one there, which was a big surprise.  When I inquired about the "Lunch Special" which was not listed on the menu I discovered there was only one choice for the advertised special of $4.99 (spaghetti with maranara sauce).  However, since I had a a coupon for a buy one get one free it didn't really matter.The food was delicious!   We had bruchesetta for an appetiter, a chicken sandwich with tomatoes & pesto sauce and a crepe with veal, cheese & something else that was out of this world delicious.  The hot bread was divine!I ordered ice tea which tasted like instant tea - would not recommend.  Was surprised that it was still on my bill since I had asked them to get me water instead of the tea since it didn't taste very good.Desert was a warm brownie with ice-cream and chocolate syrup that was a special left over from their Valentine's Day menu.  It was still really  good.Beaufifully decorated.  I would definitely try this place again.
4	I pass by this restaurant everyday and never thought of trying it since it's in a grocery store strip mall.  I had a 1/2 half Groupon special and decided to stop in for our family of 3.  So glad we did.  At 6:30 pm got a table quickly on a Sat, but then it started to fill up with other Groupon patrons.  Service was top-notch.  The salads were cold, fresh, and crispy.  Highly recommend their homemade italian dressing.  Just the right blend of vinegar to oil and seasonings.  I had the Pasta trio which was lasagna, canneloni (with spinach) and fettucine alfredo.  Loved all three, but not enough leftovers for my doggie bag.  My daughter had the spaghetti with meatballs.  Meatballs were tender and the best we've had in the valley.  The pasta sauce was a bit salty and tart for my tastes.  My husband had the seafood pasta which was also a winner.  Both of their entrees were huge and plenty of food for another lunch the next day.  No room for dessert.  Prices were reasonable and would definately go back.
5	As long as I've lived in Arizona, since 2004, I've had the pleasure of knowing about this hidden gem. Fiorella's ristorante is a hidden italian restaurant in the back corner of the Fry's Food Store shopping center on the south east corner of 67th avenue and Happy Valley Road. I've been there many times and can't seem to ever find anything wrong with the place, except that not enough people eat there. Authentic Italian food, fast, exceedingly well-made, and not too pricey. They accommodate holidays, and make your experience worthwhile. The majority of the time the owner, Fiorella is in there working harder than anybody else in there. It has a real italian restaurant feel, with a small town restaurant experience since it is such a little known restaurant. Their food is nothing but awesome! Also great for romantic dates, took my girlfriend there and she's begging me to take her back there!
1	we tried this restaurant on Valentine's Day, and I really regret coming here.  First of all, we keep getting coupons for this place from the circulars, and decided to go ahead and try it since we both love Italian food.  When we walked in, there was a sign that said "Seat Yourself" so we did.  The place wasn't very busy.. with about 1/3 of the 15 or so tables available.  It took around 10 minutes for a waitress to come by, and without even saying hello or introducing herself, she asked what we wanted to order.  I was a waitress for years, and thought it was very strange that she didn't even ask for our drink order.  We said we'd have some wine, and a couple waters first, then order.  Well that was a big mistake because it took her nearly 20 minutes to come back.  At this point, I was still pretty forgiving, since I figured another server must have called out sick or something, or this lady was pissed that she had to work on Valentine's Day.  When she finally returned, she didn't apologize, or explain what took so long.  We both ordered a ravioli dish that was okay, and very small, it was almost like a kid's dish.  We're not big eaters, and even still the food portion was tiny.  I would rate the food 6 out of 10.  I would NOT recommend this place if you value good customer service.  Go to Bamboo Grille next door, much better food, and great customer service.
5	Had an awesome dinner at Fiorella's tonight. Great bottle of wine, so reasonably priced. I had soup (homemade, full of fresh veggies and white beans), he had the house salad (both come with the meal), also warm focaccia bread dripping with garlic butter. Seconds? Yes, please.Entrees were delicious; I always try to take half home for the next day, but it was a losing battle. We both cleaned our plates, and went back for dessert (homemade tiramisu). All entrees are made "a la minute"  - in the pan, no Olive Garden steam table sauces here. Service was excellent, ambiance great (sat outside, beautiful night).I am a reformed chef from Philadelphia, home of fabulous Italian food. He is from Boston -North End, no less. Fiorella's rivaled both hometowns for food and service. There is nothing as good as a chef owned restaurant.  We'll be back for sure!
5	We did a google search to find an italian restaurant near my mother's house.  What a find!!!  The service was AMAZING!!!  the staff so friendly and helpful.  The food was amazing and filling.  Prices were great too.  Definitely will revisit and recommend to friends!!!
5	Had a terrific dinner last night. The food was hot and fresh, the service was friendly, and I can't really complain about a thing. We'll definitely be back again.
5	A hidden Gem.  Highly recommend.  Diverse menu nice wine selection and prices are right for the family.  Owner is friendly
3	I was not overly impressed with my food. I called in an order of Chicken Parm with pasta and a small salad for pickup. I was quoted a half an hour.By the time I got it home, the food wasn't even close to warm. The sauce was minimal on the pasta and the bread was clearly stale and super salty. I really wanted to like my meal, but it's hard to when it's not hot and not made with love. I think they overestimated the time and it then sat there getting cold. I might try them again, but I'm not in any hurry.
5	A very intimate and enjoyable place to have great italian food and good wine. Fiorella and her staff are wonderful people and the service is quick. I'm an Italian from NY so it is hard to find a very good italian restaurant outside of my "realm".  Fiorella makes the grade.
4	Great place good food
2	In a sea of Italian restaurants around town, I don't think I'd necessarily go out of my way for this one.  The good:  The owner was warm & friendly and made us feel welcome.  The bad:  Our waitress was cold, crabby and the opposite of the owner.  The good:  My dinner was yummy.  The bad:  The Margherita Pizza.  It was like bland cheese pizza.  Nothing on it...just cheese.  The prices were decent and so was the 1/2 price bottle of wine that was on special.  But...I'd rather go somewhere else.
1	There was nothing about this place that would make us want to return. Barely cold beer, $8 sandwiches that were bland, and 2 things we ordered they didn't have. The meatballs were a strange consistency, doubtful that they were home made. The tables had a waxy/greasy film and didn't really feel clean. Very disappointing to say the least.
1	My girlfriend and I went here on Saturday night around 7:15 PM.  It was nearly full.  Here are my impressions.1) Service : dreadful.  It took literally 20 minutes for someone to take our drink orders and another 20 minutes to receive them and bread.  There was only one server for the entire restaurant, including the outside patio.  Another 15 minutes later we received the caprese which was adequate.  Water glasses and drinks remained empty far too long.  Waitress was snippy at times, too.2) Food: I had the chicken saporito which was marginal.  The chicken was a bit rubbery but the sauce was okay.  The pasta was done well, however.  My girlfriend had shrimp fra diablo which was bland and not spicy in the least.  The sauce was watery and lukewarm.3) Ambience:  Tense, people all over the restaurant were annoyed at the wait for service.  It's in a strip mall.  It's a hole in the wall.4) Overall:  Stay away.  Poor food, dreadful service, we wasted $50.
5	We went because we had a coupon for buy one get one free, which was for a nine dollar value. I had the sampler, the boyfriend had the veal. Let me say that it started off with some of the best foccacia bread we have ever had and a salad with chickpeas and the best homemade creamy italian. Everyone in the restaurant was very nice and greeted us immediately. It was around 9 pm so we were there with only another table who knew the owners that were there. As far as our meals, they were fantastic! The sauces and noodles were perfect, the best we have found in town and especially in the north valley. We will definetely go back and cannot wait to try the cannoli next time.
3	Really nice people.  The food is ok.  I thought it would be better.  Everyone's taste in Italian food is different though
5	If only more restaurants could be like this! Looking for all things homemade Italian? Check out Fiorella's. The atmosphere is awesome and the prices are perfect!  Now can you open one in Ahwatukee? :)  We visited your restaurant with friends but we live on the other side of town. We will gladly be back.. it is well worth the drive.
5	Amazing authentic Italian food! Fiorella is very welcoming and makes you feel like you're being welcomed into her home! The lasagna is delicious!
5	Five Stars IS A LIE. but what difference does it make since they are closed now. I feel terrible I never told the owner that people (the cook)  she trusted did horrible in her absence. The food really was better when SHE was cooking.. I liked her chicken  cacciatore  that she took off the menu years ago. Her eggplant was light and never greasy. My husband liked her braciole. I should have told her what  was best she done. I feel sick to my stomach that her place is gone since I had many good memories here. I went there with friends.She made buttered noodles for my hard to please niece and my my nephew really liked the food.Not to mention my in laws. It was a neighborhood kind of place.
