5	Not only is Studio 212 a convenient and affordable place to get your hair cut and styled, but Yvonne Curtis, the owner of Studio 212, is also a very talented stylist whose attention to detail, friendly personality, and care for her clients keep you coming back.  As someone who is extremely particular about my haircuts, I would highly recommend Yvonne and Studio 212!
5	This is a hidden gem, downstairs in an historic building. Yvonne is the artist/proprietor and the Studio is unpretentious and friendly, like a neighborhood salon should feel. She is exceptionally good at color, prices are good, and the place is usually full of uptown regulars. She will take walk-ins and fit you in without a month's wait, too. Call her! Tell her Charlotte sent you ;)
5	Woo hoo I agree!  So convenient..I go on my lunch hour and don't have to book weeks ahead of time or worry about trying to schedule after work.  Yvonne is great!!
5	THEY HAVE MOVED TO A NEW LOCATION! Call to make an appointment and they will give you the new address. I'm from Miami and my fiance and I are relocating to Charlotte. While visiting the city, I was in desperate need of a haircut after about 3 years and very long unruly hair. I called and spoke to Yvonne, very sweet lady! I got there and was introduced to my stylist, Latitia. It was her first day at Studio 212 and she gave me the best haircut I've ever had in my life! No hair in my face, no burned scalp by the hairdryer. She is very friendly and so is the rest of the staff at Studio 212. They are affordable and that is very nice especially coming from Miami where everything is overpriced. This is my go-to salon for when I move to Charlotte! They're amazing!
5	Before heading back home I came here this morning as a walk-in to have my long straight hair cut. I was treated by Mallory and she cut off about 20cm from my hair. Not only did she do very well with shampooing, the haircut itself and the blowdry, but she was also a funny and charming person herself and I felt refreshed and relaxed after my hair was done! A very good place to get your hair cut and done and in addition for a great price as well.
5	I stopped in for some fresh color and a haircut when in the area.  Mitchell took great care of me. I loved my color and cut.  I would recommend without hesitation.
5	Had a fabulous experience at Salon 212 with stylist Mitchell Cockerham. He was very friendly and knowledgeable. He listened to what I wanted, but also made suggestions. I got a great cut for a reasonable price! I'll definitely go back!!
