5	Best massage I have ever had! Mary knows what she is doing and will give you exactly what your body needs. Love this place and highly recommend it!
5	Small mom and pop operation.  Went here for a reflexology with Harold.  Very comfortable atmosphere.  As soon as I sat in the chair and was covered in towels, I promptly fell asleep which is always a good sign.And another good sign is the next day, I felt physically better, not just at my feet but overall sense of good health.Best 80 mins ever spent!
2	I recently purchased and redeemed a voucher for 80-Minute Reflexology Massage from Mary's Shiatsu from Living Social.  I had a really difficult time getting in touch with anyone at the business to make an appointment.  When I was finally able to schedule one, I was pleasantly greeted by a man and filled out some paperwork.  I was then introduced to Mary, who I believe is the owner of the salon.  She then started to make comments about the type of paper that I used to print my voucher out and was pretty condescending (which is weird, I know because it was about paper, but I felt like I was being judged because of my paper choice).  I was then introduced to my masseuse, who had her purse tucked under her arm and seemed to be under the impression that her last client was her last client for the day because when the man at the desk told her I had arrived she looked at me, rolled her eyes, grunted, and literally stomped away to the back of the business.  No hi, no handshakes, nothing.  Clearly the man felt the tension and said, with a forced smile, that she would be right with me.  After another 10 minutes or so, she came back up to get me.  The reflexology massage itself was okay.  My masseuse CONSTANTLY coughed during the entire massage and twice had to leave the room for a few minutes to regain her composure.  I hadn't brought cash for a tip and I asked the man at the counter when I got there if I should run and grab some cash since I had arrived a bit early and he said it was no big deal, I could put the tip on my debit card.  When I handed my card to Mary on my way out, she asked me for cash and when I said I had none, she said it was inconvenient for her to run the card, but she did it any way and told me that next time I needed to bring cash. For the next several days I was getting calls from Mary's Shiatsu telling me, not asking me, to schedule an appointment for a full body massage.  I actually had a message from Mary left on my phone while I was in getting the reflexology massage.  I was really excited about the massage, but sadly, I won't be back.
5	I just came back from my 80 min reflexology massage at Mary's.  I found a great deal off of Living Social ($25 for a $60 treatment!).  After being pleasantly greeted by Mary and her daughter, I filled out some paperwork.  My masseuse Jason took me into the room to begin.  After a 10 min foot soak and shoulder massage, I was led to the table for the rest of the treatment.  What was so cool about this treatment, was that it was a reflexology-massage combo.  Some reflexology places just do your hands and/or feet.  I never got rubbed, kneaded, patted, and rolled like that in my life! lol.  I don't think he missed a spot!  Ummm...I never realized how much I like my feet touched (TMI).  So 80 min or so later, when he was done, he was like "ok, finished!"  So what.. like now I have to go???  Like how do you do all that and just leave a girl hanging? I felt like I got kicked out of bed!  I did NOT want to leave.  Oh no, I can't be that girl!  I felt like I was in a drunken stupor.  It was amazingly delicious.  Jason has hands from God.   Anyway, I reluctantly got up and was led out of the room, where Mary had the "I told you so" look on her face.  She handed me a bottle of water (whew!) while we had a nice little chat about naturopathic medicine, chinese medicine and reflexology.If I could, I would come here every week! (Looking out for another Groupon/Living Social deal in my email inbox...)
3	The price was great, $25 for a $60 coupon off Living Social. But when I see "reflexology" I was expecting 80 minutes of "reflexology." It started out with a 10-15 minute foot soak with shoulder massage. Then up on the massage table for 15-20 minutes of quick repetitive rubbing on each foot. The rest was a full body massage over my clothing. This was no different than the other Asian-inspired foot rubbing places that have recently come into business; I wouldn't consider this the ancient practice of reflexology. I moved here from Seattle where I regularly received reflexology and it is slow, calm, methodical, and relaxing. This was a nice rub down for a good price, but I wanted 80 minutes of pressure point rubbing on my feet and hands. I'll keep looking, but Mary and her staff were nice and the place was clean.
5	What a total hidden gem!  I went in today for a reflexology treatment and one hour massage (based off the glowing yelp reviews!).  I was pleasantly greeted by a young woman (she must get worked over daily with massages, as she was ridiculously nice), asked to fill out a brief form, and even though I was pretty early for my appointment, Jason took me right away.  Which was awesome.  I hate to wait, even  when I'm way early.We started with the reflexology treatment, and WOW.  I have had what spas and clinics call "reflexology", but this was the real deal.  You sit in a chair to start with your feet soaking, while getting a shoulder, neck, arm and hand massage.  I was zoned at this point.  The pressure was perfect (meaning very firm).  Jason really knows body work, as he honed in on my rough spots without me having to mention it.  Which was also fabulous, since I was quickly losing the ability to speak.  lolThen, you lie on the table, fully clothed with your pants rolled up to your knees (SO happy I wore sweats), with a nice warm towel covering your torso.  The reflexology massage was AMAZING.  Jason also massaged my legs up to my knees AND, did head, face, ears...  Pure bliss.  Honestly, at the end, I realized my respiration and heart rate were super low, as I was soooo insanely relaxed.  This rarely (ok, never) happens for me, as I tend to be rather, ahem, high energy.   I don't think I'm even this mellow when sleeping and dreaming of kittens and rainbows.At this point, a massage was probably overkill, or so I thought.  At the end of the second hour, I thought I was on the moon, and could have been, for all I knew.  The massage was totally solid.The owner (Mary) spoke to me when I was leaving, and what a sweet, charming, and smart lady!If you want to support our local small businesses, get an incredible reflexology massage and most excellent body massage, go to Mary's.  You won't be disappointed.
1	Worst massage experience in the US.  In brief, I bought a Living Social deal for an 80 minute reflexology massage.  I checked the reviews and the website of the company first before buying and was expecting to have a massage from Mary.Instead, I received a massage from a guy who recently arrived from China.  My massage was not 80 minutes, it was about 65 minutes.  Unfortunately, I happened to open my eyes during the massage to find the man was picking his nose while massaging my feet.  He also burped loudly during the massage.  He used his nails when massaging my feet, and I have never had reflexology before so maybe it is normal, but I doubt it and it was very uncomfortable.Of course he asked me for a tip when he was done.  And to make it all worse, I told the girl at the front desk what happened, about the time, the nose picking, the burping, etc, and all she asked me was "Is it okay?" and she told me that he was not going to be there much longer.  She did not offer any compensation even for the missing time.My guess is they hired this guy just to massage the living social customers.  However, it is very bad for the company's reputation - I would not return- and when there is a problem I have very little respect for companies that do not set it right.
5	Came here after reading the reviews here on yelp. Love this place. Mary was so nice, informed and gave me exactly what I needed!!! She really was concerned with the issues I had and did what needed to be done despite the fact that as a first timer I was using a coupon that did not cover the extra combo massage I received and she felt I needed... Which I did! Thank you so much Mary
1	I received a groupon for a 90 minute massage at marys shiatsu as a gift. When I called to schedule a massage, I left a voice mail that I'd like to schedule a massage. I did not mention the groupon with the intent to let them know I have a groupon when I spoke with them in person.They called back and left me a voice mail of about 4 different times that they had available right away. I called them back and let them know I had a groupon and suddenly they had no times available. I could hear them turning the pages of their paper calendar over and over again and finally the woman suggested I should call groupon and ask for a refund. She had no appointments over the next four weeks when just the day before they provided 4 appointments by voice mail within a two day period.If they don't want groupon clients, they should not sell in groupon. It's fast money to sell on groupon, not free money. You actually have to provide the services Mary. After reading another reviewers experience when she went in with a groupon like voucher, I'm glad I won't be going in at all.
