3	Bravo!  We need this type of trendy restaurant in the area. Service is good. The decor is ok, the noise level is LOUD. No nibbles or appetizers to order....hmmm The oven baked pizza was pretty good. Burned at the edges, but I know some like it that way.  The salad was mediocre and swimming in oil. Make sure you tell them to relax. Coke is reasonable but they give you a thimble-full at a time. Probably will go back.
2	Nice decor, friendly service, good but far from great or unique pizzas; much neededsort of place in the area; BUT the noise level is beyond ridiculous. Was there for lunch at 1 pm mid-week, and sat at the bar with a friend. We were the only one's at the bar, and could barely hear ourselves speak. Anywhere else was much worse
1	Just terrible. The food wasn't bad, but for the price we paid - about 85 for two glasses of wine, two pizzas, and a salad, it didn't satisfy. The restaurant was much too noisy (they should have used acoustic tile!), but we made do. The service was lovely - they have an excellent set of waiters and waitresses who all had a great attitude, which is a rare find in Montreal!I genuinely felt bad for our waitress - she was clearly doing all she could to make sure that we were happy, but her manager (some fat, grumpy Italian guy) kept screaming at her and the other front of house staff. We just felt so terrible for all of them! It made for a rather uncomfortable meal.When our pizza arrived, we asked for fresh ground pepper. Turns out they don't have any. Our waitress said it was a decision of the management, which based on the rudeness we saw isn't at all surprising. Back to the food--- the wine selection was excellent, and we were mostly satisfied with our pizza. I ordered a primavera without cheese (vegan), and they were happy to accommodate. He had the margharita and said it wasn't bad, but wasn't the best he's had. As another reviewer said, nothing to write home about. Overall, it was ok, but I'd only recommend for people who are happy to spend upwards of $50 a person for a casual dining restaurant, and who don't mind witnessing a grown man throwing a tantrum.
3	Overall this restaurant is okay, perfect for lunch, but don't fear to dish out some money for pizza.Food : the pizzas were actually very good. Originally seasoned and nicely flavoured (and I'm a girl who loves her pizza!). I asked the waitress for the most popular dessert and she suggested the Nutella doughnut holes. They were good, but tasted exactly like you'd expect them to taste.Service : although the wait staff is very friendly, the service is quite long, considering the menu options. Don't be too much of in a hurry.Decor : simple but nice. the TVs are a little distracting considering the place isn't that big. The bathrooms are VERY small - I know this doesn't affect the restaurants quality, but it was worth the mention.
3	This review is my opinion only, in case that wasn't clear.First things first: the pizza. Decent. Nice crust (though our table's 4 pizzas were cooked inconsistently), lots of cheese (more than other italian-style thin crusts - good or bad is up to you). I thought they skimped a little on the meat, but it's a minor quable for an overal good product. It's a pricey for what it is however; Bottega isn't much higher price-wise, but the dinning experience there is far superior.My side-salad (italian) was large, fresh and crisp.The hazlenut/chocolate sauce poured over cinamon/sugar dough balls for desert was simple and delicious. It also would suit 3 people for just $7. We (half) jokingly said we'd return just for these.The din is, well, din-like; unpleasant. It's loud and the place is a bit obnoxious with the sports-bar style TV in your face in the dining area. This isn't to my liking, but again a personal feeling.The service was, unfortuantely quite poor. Friendly for sure, but slow when it mattered and fast when it was innapropriate. For example, I called it quits after two of my four slices. My pizza was boxed and returned to me while two members of our party were still eating theirs. Another minor quable, but a quable nontheless. Also, being asked if we wanted desert and then slightly annoyed we said yes was an unfortunate slip for our server. Maybe we're reading too much into it. The bathrooms are form over function. Enjoy the confusion. Paper towel is above the mirror and out-of-reach for below-average height humans and those who fail to "look up."Would we return; not unless invited there - but my partner was adament that she'd order take-out pizza from Bocaro in a heartbeat over other options like F+F and I can't say that I'd complain.The one thing I would complain about is the ridiculous "respect the menu and don't change anything notice." This is not a michelin star sporting restaurant; get over yourselves - otherwise it's a cheap ploy to force you to "make your own pizza" with one different ingredient for a much higher price.I'd give it a C overall. Pizza-only a B+.
1	SUCH a DISAPOINTMENT.  I wanted SO badly to love this place  as a local and pizza lover!!!!! This is my 2nd time eating here.  We went in yesterday with our 3 year old- sat down and asked for pasta w/ butter and or parmesean cheese.  The answer was NO. ZERO kid friendly options in Westmount which has a lot of families makes no sense.  How can you not have pasta w/ simple parm cheese or butter? Thats nuts. Moving past that- we ordered the same soup as our first visit and salads. Taste just OK.Service:As we finish the salads, a server comes over and askes "Would you now like some dessert or coffee"? She obviously had no idea those are not main courses and no idea what we had ordered. I had ordered (just like our 1st visit) my pizza well done crispy. This didnt happen (same issue on our first visit) - The pizza came out soggy.  I literally took it to the oven myself where they fixed the problem.  Taste: Again, just "Eh".  How can oven pizza not be amazing (none the less a margarita simple one) ? Such a shame.ON THE TABLE displayed was  a picture of Nutella and Strawberries.  My 3 yr old said she would like that- i kindly asked for what was in the picture and the reply was that they do not sell strawberries and Nutella. OK so why picture it? Check comes: Total 2 salads, 2 soups, 1 pizza (single sized), 1 Soda. Total $75. Overpriced. Side note- when you do get your act together- offer local delivery within a few blocks to get more business.
