4	A bit small and crowded, but you can get a really good workout here.On the other hand, I've terminated my membership effective 8/30, and moving on to Urban Fitness, so there ya go.
1	I lived in Charlotte for a few months and joined this gym primarily to take some group fitness classes. It was cheap, and I enjoyed the classes, but the facilities are just OK. I might have been spoiled from my previous gym with personal TVs attached to each cardio machine, but something that really bothered me about this place is that they don't have towels! I found this kind of odd and disgusting since it didn't exactly seem sanitary! I'm not a germaphobe, but watching people lift and then leave sweat marks on equipment didn't exactly motivate me to follow their lead. I'm used to putting a towel down while using machines and then wiping them off afterward. The club does have paper towels and spray cleaner, but people pretty much only use them on the cardio machines. I ended up bringing my own towel, but it was inconvenient and created more dirty laundry for me!In terms of membership, it was easy to sign up, but it has been a headache to cancel. I moved back to CA for work at the end of January and in order to cancel I had to prove that I was moving more than 30 miles away. Before I moved, I provided them with copies of my employment letter, intent to vacate from my Charlotte apartment, and a copy of my plane ticket. However these documents were apparently not enough to "prove" to them that I was moving out of the area. What's worse is that the girl at the front desk told me it was sufficient, and nobody from Sports & Fitness or ABC Financial (the company that deals with all their billing) contacted me to let me know. So after not getting a cancellation confirmation, I called them in February to only find out that those documents were not valid. I had to fax over a copy of my bank statement showing my address change. I finally got a letter from ABC last week saying that they will cancel my membership, but it will not go into effect until the end of March. I tried calling ABC, reasoning that I sent in my intent to cancel in January, and with their 30 day cancellation notice policy I should only have to pay for February because it was THEIR communication failure. Nonetheless they refused to budge and were completely unhelpful, even after speaking to a manager. Seriously poor customer service! They claim they sent me an email notifying me that I needed to submit another form of proof, but I checked my trash, spam, inbox, everywhere and there's nothing! I even asked the supervisor if she could forward the original email to prove to me that they sent it and she said that was not possible! So now I have no choice but to pay for 2 months of gym membership while I'm thousands of miles away.
2	Arrogant "customer service."  Monthly billing is via an outside company, which is intended to earn them more $$ by complicating the cancellation process.  Each party, coincidentally, blames the other for not receiving proper "notices," etc.  Either make money the honest way or not at all.
5	I've been a member of this gym for the last two years and I haven't had any issues or problems. This location is very big and spacious, compared to the other five. I got the membership that I can go to all six locations for 19.95 a month (I believe it's 14.95 a month if you choose to have a membership at just one location), since I go to 4 out of the 6 locations, depending on what side of town i'm on. This location has PLENTY of equipment from an iron set of dumbbells and a new set of rubber hex dumbbells, two stations to do seated rows/lat pulldowns/cable flyes/bicep curls, pulldowns/pushdowns, several incline benches, two squat racks, two smith machines, a really nice set of fixed barbells, two racks to do rack pulls, several elipticals, treadmills, bikes, and stairmasters. This location is also open 24 hours (well Monday 5am until Saturday 5pm and Sunday from 10-5), so that's pretty great for when I want to avoid the rush hour crowd and get a late night/early morning workout in without many people there. You'd begin to know who the regulars are there b/c they seem to ALWAYS be there....I wanna do what they do for a living, sheesh....haha. The facility is always clean and there are towel stations everywhere with a bottle of sanitizer to wipe down equipment. I love my gym and will continue to keep my membership here.
1	After years of working out at various area YMCAs, I cancelled my Y membership and thought I would give this place a try. Bissell has set up a special discount card for tennants of the Ballantyne Corporate Park.  This BCP discount card is for use at local businesses that have signed up to participate in the program. So, before I went over, I checked the terms of the deal on the BCP website and the Ballantyne branch of Sports and Fitness Clubs was offering (and I quote directly from the website) "$17.99/month membership includes (no start-up fee!), two free sessions with a trainer, one free nutrition session and one free consultation with chiropractor."   So, when I get to the gym to talk to them about signing up, they tell me that is not the deal they were offering. Basically, they would charge a $29 start up fee and waive the first $17.99 month's dues.  I told them that was not acceptable to me based on the terms of the deal that I had seen on the BCP website, and pulled out my cell phone to show them the exact deal. At that point, the first guy handed me off to the manager.   The manager basically argued with me about the terms of the deal and when I showed him the published deal, he said that they have not honored that deal since March.  He basically just offered me the same "deal" as the first guy - $29 start up fee and waive the first payment of $17.99 month , then the charge would be $17.99 a month for a year contract. Um, no thanks.  He then told me that "most people" are ok with that and just go ahead and sign up. Whatever. I am not "most people" and I can tell that if they are going to be this difficult to deal with before you sign up, their customer service sure isn't going to be any better once they have you locked into a year contract.  At that point, I told the guy that I'd like to get a guest pass to try it out before I signed up.  Once again, I got nothing but hassels from the front desk. Finally, the manager told the guy to let me "try" them out for one visit. So, I went back to change.  The changing rooms are ok, but not quite as nice as some of the local Ys. They have a decent amount of treadmills, bikes, and other cardio machines but nothing special here.  If you are into strength-training machines & free weights, there seemd to be plenty of options. One negative about the layout of the gym is that the stretching area is rather small for the number of people who work out here. I am very disappointed because I had really high expectations for this place. But, it left a really bad taste in my mouth.  I think I'll just go back to the Y where they are more expensive, but facilities are nicer overall and there are no hassels with bad management or poor customer service.
2	This gym is a no-frills type environment - small space, all the free weights and machines you could need, treadmills with a number of flat screen TVs mounted on the wall in front.  However, I wish this gym offered more - i.e., no swimming pool, no basketball or racquetball court, no indoor track, etc.I've been to Urban Fitness several times using their free "try me first" promo.  I must say, I absolutely loved that gym.  Great layout, plenty of open space.  All the amentities I wish Sports and Fitness offered.  Only difference was price - I guess you get what you pay for.For the time being, S&F will work for me since it's affordable.  But if personal finances change a hair, then I'm switching in a heartbeat.
1	Staff:I stopped by with a guest pass, and right off the bat the manager tried to finagle a long-term commitment out of me. I was reluctant, and he launched into an interrogation that was simultaneously dripping with condescension and seething with impatience. The questions exuded an inability to understand his client base; he started with, "Well, is this the closest gym to your house?" in a disdainful tone coupled with a patronizing eyebrow raise.A gym manager should believe in his product enough to think that his gym has some sort of competitive advantage, some differentiating property beyond proximity to a member's house. Lack thereof demonstrates either poor fit with regard to staffing or an absence of said distinguishing attribute.Facility:I didn't venture into the gym after that extraordinarily negative experience, but it looked crowded.
4	The gym is reasonably large and still feels very new. It can get crowded during busy hours but never to the point where everything is taken. The locker room is extremely clean which is definitely a big plus.My two critical comments are both minor. There is no wifi here. That has been standard at every gym I have been a member of previously,Second, they have large flat panel high def televisions all over the gym. The cardio area has 11 alone. Curiously, they shelled out all this cash for nice TVs but none have HD programming.
1	First off I joined the University Area gym but I can't find a page for it but it's still the same organization.  When I got in there to check out the payment option they began to preach how everything was geared towards students and how we could freeze our membership at anytime.  Also if we chose to pay the huge joining fee (ridiculous compared to other gyms I've been too) we didn't have to be in a contract and could cancel our membership ANYTIME we wanted to.  Well I moved back home for the summer and no longer needed my membership so I call to have it canceled.  This is where the fun began I was sent on a mission just to get a chance to cancel, I was told I couldn't cancel through the gym unless I came up there apparently they wanted to try to talk me out of it.  Next I was given a number to call and after taking forever to get to what I was after I was told I had to send an email for consideration. CONSIDERATION I paid the extra money to not have a contract so I could cancel at ANYTIME.  Well they considered it and I could cancel but not immediately I had to pay another month worth to be able to cancel when I'm no longer in town.  I am EXTREMELY unhappy with my experience with this gym which was completely overpacked Monday through Wednesday and apparently everyone lost interest by Thursday.  I wouldn't recommend this gym to anyone especially now that it's under new management and the joining fees and monthly prices have went up even more.  Terrible gym there much better gyms around for much more reasonable prices.
5	This is the former Sports and Fitness gym. It's a huge space with lots of equipment. Mornings are the best time for me to go. From what I understand it gets very crowded around 5pm, which makes sense.
1	HORRIBLE STAFF. ATTENTION LADIES: I was stalked by a member of their "training program" which led to me being stuck in a one year contract to a gym I wasn't comfortable with going. Member of the training program do and deal steroids, cocaine, and one has a recent assault against a female charge. Tons of women have stopped going to this gym due to the way these trainers make them feel. They run their mouths to their clients so it feels like you're being judged the second you walk in the door.
3	I have heard horrible things about this gym.  Some of my fellow Yelpers give it horrible reviews.  I'm a member, and I've never had an issue.  The space is not super welcoming, it's not very friendly or warm, it's more of a get in, workout, go home, kind of feel.  I've heard that the sales/training staff is rude and short with you - besides joining, I haven't had any need to talk to them, so I can't review that.  What I can review is the classes.  I come here a few times a week to take some type of class, as they offer a little bit of everything.  I 100% recommend Stephanie as a fitness instructor.  She is a fabulous teacher, has a great body, and is very nice.  I've taken her kickboxing class and Group Power (similar to Body Pump).  While some of the instructors are hit and miss (I've left a few classes early, when they're not for me) when they hit - they rock!  The gym itself is nothing special, I like the classes, and I like $10/month.
5	Hey it's a great place to work out. It's big and open with a lot of equipment and since I've been going there for the past few months there never has been a time where I had to wait to for someone else to be finished with a piece of equipment. AND if you're not tired after your workout you can go around the corner (without leaving the building) and go bowling! Such a deal!
1	I hate to give this place one star, I had a great personal trainer (Johnny) whom I would recommend to any of my friends and family.  The reason I am rating this place a 1 is because of their misleading messaging around "contracts."  They talked me into a 1 year contract although I informed them I could possibly be relocating with my husband.  They told me not to worry that I could cancel within 30 days.  When the move was planned I gave a 30 day notice and received a letter stating my services had been cancelled. I later received a call from Karen in financing stating that my training secessions had not been cancelled.  I was never informed that I needed to complete two cancelation request.  She was very unprofessional and did not apologize for the poor messaging around contract cancellations and tried to finagle her way around the misleading information rather than taking care of the situation for the customer.  Again, I would highly recommend the personal trainers but unfortunately due to the misleading messaging and the unprofessionalism of their "finance" associate I cannot recommend this gym going forward and I would not go back.  Maybe their trainers should look for employment at other gyms where the clients are valued so they can create lasting partnerships.
1	I have had a terrible experience with this gym.  While it was under different management a few years back, I cancelled my membership due to my experience with the gym.  Once I cancelled, my card was still charged and it was a major hassle to get anything resolved.  When they changed names, I signed up again a year back and started personal training sessions 6 months ago.  The gym is overcrowded and I was behind 20 sessions with my trainer so I knew it wasn't for me now either.  I tried calling to cancel and they said I owed them another month of service and 25% of my remaining contract.  I told them I was behind 20+ sessions and have been paying for them, can they not just forward the balance and not pay the 25%.  They said that is not possible, I have to do 20 some sessions in the next 30 days, pay for the month, and the 25%.  So I have to pay them $400 for not getting what I already paid for? It was an OK gym with good rates, but the customer service is terrible and if you want to cancel your membership, I hope you have $400 saved up.
1	This gym is an absolute joke!! Costumer service is the WORST I have ever experienced at ANY business! I was told to call the costumer service line and they told me they were going to call back.  NEVER got a call back.  This happened TWICE!!! I went into the gym to tell them what happened and said they could not help.   The reason for me calling was I was billed after my account was supposed to be frozen.  When I joined I knew I had to have it frozen with the 30 day notice ahead of time and "Sarah" who worked there at the time told me she was going to freeze the account.  However,  She NEVER froze the account and I was billed well over $120 for the time that was supposed to be frozen.  I wanted it frozen because I could only use the first month on my membership before going to college.  After playing phone tag when I found out about the unjust charges I had to prove the verbal conversation that "Sarah" and I had.  NOT POSSIBLE!!! If you are reading this I HIGHLY ADVISE YOU TO GO ELSEWHERE!!!!!  LEARN FROM MY MISTAKE AND SAVE HUNDREDS!!! POOREST COSTUMER SERVICE I HAVE EVER RECEIVED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2	I'm member for two years.  Lately me and my wife we do not have the time to drive to the fitness because of the kids practise every other day.  We decide to cancel the Month to Month contract.  First takes over 20 minutes on the phone.  Second they will charge you for the next Month fee because they need 30 days notice.  Third they will charge you a yearly fee.  So it may looks affordable but if you decide to cancel does not look that audible anymore.
2	Today (and it wasn't the first time) I arrived at Fitness Connection on the dot of 9am along with at least three dozen other members. Opening "bell" on Sundays is 9am. You would assume that means they are ready to do business at 9am. At 9:13am someone strolled in with a very unhappy face, didn't bother to greet anyone or bother to apologize for the fact that the facility was opening almost 15 minutes late.It took until 9:33am for the first tv to be put on. Bottles to clean machines were empty. Garbage was strewn all over.I started going to this facility when it first opened some 8 years ago and it doesn't improve with age. The late openings, the lack of cleanliness don't seem to stop.
1	The only reason I am giving it one star is because I like how open the gym is but let me tell you all that the personal training they offer is, 100%, a scam. On October 24th I signed up for a year contract at 160 a month. FINE they offer nutrition etc etc. I go and work out the next day, didn't like it. I called the club on the 27th to try and cancel, cant get a hold of anyone and they ask to leave a message. Now it is December 4th and I still haven't cancelled. I tried calling, emailing without a response for nearly 3 weeks. I finally get a hold of the guy who signed me up (Mr. AJ Saldana) after calls back and forth for a week. He tries to convince me to stick with it but at that point ive been trying to cancel for weeks now. Then he tells me the contract states you can only cancel within 3 days and that there was a 25% buyout fee. It would have been nice if he had stated that on the day I signed up which really had me fuming, then he proceeds to tell me that he can't help me cancel and that id have to go to corporate. Not to mention that I had already called and emailed corporate with no response. (oh and by the way Mr. Saldana's email is "disconnected" so that's why he couldn't get a hold of me)Finally get a response from Ms. Cindy Gwin who let me tell you, is not the best communicator. Like I said, its December 4th and I still haven't cancelled because I refuse to do the buyout. I have already paid for 2 months and have worked out a total of 1 time!!! There is something about fitness connection where they don't want to respond or help to upset customers. Ms Gwin doesn't like to respond to my emails either because it takes her atleast a week to respond cause she was trying to "gather more information about what was going on" like i'm lying to her or something.Being in the food service industry, I know 1 or 2 things about how important communication and customer service is to a company. Fitness connection has by far the worst customer service in the ballantyne area. they are rude, inconsiderate and they just want to steal your money. The only reason i'd stick around is for the $10/month membership. Maybe if everyone avoids AJ Saldana and Cindy Gwin they would have a better experience, I just don't see it. This place needs a huge revamp. Poor employee training, poor service, poor communication.
