4	Summary: Good quality burgers and fries. Wish the burger held together a bit better and a bit pricey for the student part of town (since when could students afford a $12 for a burger combo?!) but all in all, one of the better burgers in Waterloo.The long review:This burger and bar joint opened up earlier in 2011, and I'm surprised that it hasn't been reviewed given the number of students who frequent it. The concept of Frat Burger is fresh ground beef with patties made daily, fresh cut fries, fresh fresh fresh is the key, and from what I can tell, they're doing a pretty good job of it, and students are loving it.It's not your typical student type atmosphere (which is to say, a complete dive) and when you walk in you actually feel like you're in a decent establishment, with prices to match. I'm not sure when students were able to afford $12 meals (if you're eating in, with tip you're looking at $15), I know I certainly couldn't nowadays. And silly me, here I thought the world economy was in the gutters. But the prices are what one's used to if you're looking for a decent quality burger in Toronto, and McD's is like $8 for a combo nowadays, so relatively, I guess it's not too bad.The burger:The have several options, with your regular/classic with lettuce and tomatoes starting at $5, and speciality burgers adding a bit to that. I had the California something or other, which was the burger of the day for $6, and it came with guac, salsa and texmex cheese (noteably, NO tomatoes and lettuce, much to my dismay).  They say you can ask for the burger pink, right on the menu, which is nice, and I did so, 'cause there's nothing worse than an overdone burger.  Burger came out, it was fresh, pink to order, and pretty darn good.  My only complaints, to be nit picky, is the bun could actually be a bit bigger, because I ran into burger spillage (when the burger comes out the backside of the bun) and the burger didn't hold together that well.  Whether that's the recipe, or because it was cooked pink, or because the bun was a tad too small, I'm not sure, but parts of my burger were falling apart, so I needed a fork to pick it up. Another important point, it's cooked on a flattop, which I prefer, so it had that nice crust I love and crave on my burgers. Final verdict: good burger, I think my favorite burger in Waterloo now. I'll be back next time I'm here for work!Fries:If you order fries with your burger, it's $2, sans burger, $3.  Claiming they are fresh cut and double fried, I expect greatness, and for the most part, they're pretty good. A bit softer than I tend to like, I love crisp fries like the ones found @ Stockyards in TO, but that's just personal preference. Again, probably some of the better fries in Waterloo. Underseasoned, but nothing that extra salt and a bit of vinegar won't solve.
5	This place is the king of burgers in Waterloo. There is no comparator. The burger of the day is always great. I have had:The picnic burger which includes potato salad as a toppingThe Thanksgiving burger which is turkey with cranberry sauce and stuffing as toppings.The Hangover burger which includes peameal bacon, regular bacon, cheese and a fried egg as toppings.The only downside to this restaurant is the parking. The parking at this mall sucks.
5	friendly service, best veggie poutine i've never had, the burger was fresh and juicy. one of the best places around the universities. only downside was that the service was rather slow..plus they offered to split bills evenly! great if you are sharing a dish with a friend.
2	Not sure why all the glowing reviews. The burger tasted funny. The toppings were so cold they robbed the warm joy from the patty so it was like eating a cold leftover burger from your Uncle's BBQ. The fries were tasty but limp. The interior was well designed and with plenty of TV's and would be a great place to hang and watch a game. I'd take Harvey's or BK over this burger. Sorry to be so negative but I am sure I can't be the only one.
2	Maybe I just don't like burgers. I came here one night with a bunch of friends and I was starving. I had a veggie burger with beer combo, and I was still hungry by the end. The peanut sauce was somewhat interesting, but I'm the type of person to eat hot peppers with oatmeal, so it wasn't that amazing. For the ~$15 I paid for dinner, I could have gotten a much better deal at any Chinese fast food place.
4	Decent all around. Occasionally bad service but that depends when you go
5	Walking out the door with my $8 burger (that's right: no fries, no drink), I had to wonder if my take-out lunch was really a good idea. I'm happy to report, it was one of the best burger decisions I've made. Most importantly, these mid-sized burgers are the real deal - locally sourced ingredients, cooked to juicy perfection. I topped my beef burger simply, with just guacamole and grilled pineapple. As someone with a decent list of food intolerances, their build-your-own burger menu makes ordering nice and easy for me. Choose your toppings wisely, or the price gets a little out of hand - but I see that as a good excuse to come back to try out a few different combinations.
1	BUMMER.This place blows. The service was crap! I asked my server to bring me a take out container for my poutine, she didn't, but she did come and take it off my table and throw it out! How sweet. My portebello mushroom burger was so soggy it was like mushroom soup. The gravy on the poutine was like brown water and my guests said their meat burgers were dry as bone (should have used the liquid off the mushroom burger) We went for the $8 burger and Pabst pint special. I was up charged $3 for the vegetarian option, making it not a good deal. The meat burgers have no toppings as they are an extra charge. So if you wanted toppings it's probably not a good deal.What a crap place. I saw some high school kids in the kitchen cooking. I imagine they make a low income. This place is a great example of getting what you pay for.See ya never, Frat Burger.
3	Frat Burger is one of those guilty pleasures for me after a long night out on the town or just when I feel like rewarding myself with a treat and it has nothing to do with being in a fraternity I swear! Their burgers are fantastic with a diverse selection of meats and veggie options for the patty, I recommend the lamb. Toppings are limited unless you're willing to pay extra for premium toppings but that's to be expected. Additionally they serve the BEST poutine in town, waaaay better than competing poutine places in town. Make sure you get the Frat Sauce on your burger IT IS TO DIE FOR!!! I often end up getting extra on the side because I love it that much.As for the location itself it really try's to play up the 'frat' theme even though sometimes I'm not sure they even know what that means. Frat Burger is also conveniently located right across from Wilfrid Laurier University so it's just a hop, skip and jump from campus for students. The interior of this place looks like it's something out of animal house or something similar I suppose which I dig. There is a large dining area inside as well as a large bar. They serve booze here and I believe Thursday nights they have a great burger and PBR deal for $10. Now on to what I don't like. Unfortunately the burgers, although very delicious, are TINY and often leave you wanting more. On top of the already gouging price for 'premium' toppings the flat price point for a burger seems way too high for what you are getting. Consequently I recommend getting the burger of the day deal to get the best food for money exchange. When dinning in I find the wait staff are hit and miss some are great while others need improvement in their customer service skills to say the least.Over all I love this place but it's too expensive for what you're getting, give it a shot if you love good burgers!
3	I like the atmosphere. There is a lot going on inside with some old school memorabilia and pictures. The turkey burger I had was good, not the best I've had, but definitely filled my belly. They have poutine fries (if you're into that) and also custom burgers that their staff have picked as their favorites. It's a good place to go for a drink and a hangout. Their salad is very good!
3	Frat Burger isn't a bad burger place, but I wasn't blown away. They try to keep things interesting with an assortment of toppings, but sadly the burger needs that assortment of toppings to help put it over the edge. The big plus about Frat Burger is that they have totally reasonable prices, and this place is definitely a great hangout for university students, and high school students alike. Unless you are a university student looking to down some beers, and down some burgers, I wouldn't go out of my way to go here. But I'd rather go here than McDonald's any day.
3	3.5/5I finally decided to try out Frat Burger last night, as I needed some munchies for final exams throughout this week. After hearing a lot about it, I thought "eh, why don't I give it a shot".The menu looks huge, as there are a good amount of toppings variety available. Warning though: The toppings span across two boards. I accidentally looked at only one board, and only realized the other board after I got my order (I was wondering for a while why I didn't see any cheese options...).Anyway, I ordered a Frat Burger with carmelized onions, sauteed mushrooms, and BBQ sauce. They were very generous with the BBQ sauce and the onions, so much that it was flowing out of the burger! The mushrooms were not so plentiful, with only a few pieces stuffed underneath the onions. The beef itself was decent, but a little bit dry. I probably should've requested pink next time.For $8, this burger wasn't bad! I've had better burgers elsewhere, but in terms of the price, portion, and tasty-ness this place is just about right.
4	This is my favourite burger joint in town. I can order my burger rare and I can get a runny egg on it with their in-house aioli mayo and spicy Frat sauce and it's messy juicy bliss. (Their peameal bacon is nice and thick for when I want a heart-stopper.) Any time I've tried to get more fancy with the ingredients or tried the specials, I'm not as satisfied.  They have great specials every day and several decent beers (though nothing exciting on tap). Their onion rings are a guilty pleasure. I'm always up for a burger here.
2	I was excited to see that they were opening a burger place thats less then a 5 minute walk. The first burger I tried here was very disappointing. The burger was way too small for the price. The meat was grey and didnt look like beef at all. I would definitely stick with johnny frescos and the grill as those burgers actually fill you up and give you really good beef.
4	Great burgers! Ate there yesterday, had 2 "pinks" which are medium rare because it's ground on sight. I'm a minimalist, double hot peppers no fries. Fantastic!Dunno about this Belinda and her food poisoning. I think it's a total lie as I was there yesterday and feel great. P.S. Had a Pabst Blue Ribbon on tap too. Perfect match.
4	I can't say much about frat burger since the only thing I have had here is well... the frat burger. But from what I did have, I like!It's one of those snack eats that brings you simple pleasures and so you crave it randomly in the middle of the night. I say snack eats because the burger is very small... before you know it, you are done, and you want more, but you can't justify getting another one, so you wait until next time, thus the uncalled-for midnight cravings.I also say simple pleasures because the toppings are all add-ons so to save my wallet (and the hassle of looking through the cramped and exotic menu), I usually go with the standard (don't forget the frat sauce though). My dad once got one of the daily specials. I thought it had a funky taste but he seriously thought it was the best thing ever. The few times I went, the patties were always juicy and texture-filled. So there you go, a simple and hearty bite of goodness. May be back to try other things, but I'm not too impressed with the decor or the service, so I feel reluctant to sit through a meal at this frat house.
5	This is by far the best best burger place in town. It definitely beats "the works". They cook the burger to your liking and the menu options are awesome. Great place and great hangout atmosphere.
3	I got a turkey burger, which was really juicy and tasted delicious! They have a couple good looking topping combo suggestions on their special menu, but for my first time I picked my own toppings. SO good! I would recommend the turkey patty to anyone.Unfortunately, my boyfriend and I tried each others' burgers, and his beef burger tasted extremely bland despite some awesome toppings. We also ordered the cheesy chili fries to split, and they came out cold and the cheese wasn't melted at all- it was just a pile of shredded cheese on top of cold chili. Edible and still tasted pretty good, but we barely ate half of a 'regular' sized portion.Our waitress was sweet and I wish I could remember her name so I could at least give her a shout out. I would definitely return for a burger, but I would probably stick to the turkey since I already know it's the bomb and I personally wasn't a fan of the beef burger, which is supposed to be the 'main event' of this restaurant.The price was pretty good. I ended up paying around $15 after tip, which I can't complain about at all.
4	Amazing Burgers! Such good late night or hangover food.
