3	This place is very good, the food is authentic, service was great. If you want real mexican food, this is your place!
4	Im like an alley cat in heat when it comes to sea food, & the shrimp a la diabla was all that I hoped for. Me likey it hot. The restaurent is quaint & utterly adorable. Its tucked in the middle of no where & is definetly locally owned. Im a practitioner of supporting local business's, I only eat @ corporate restareunts when treatened w/bodily  harm. They also serve that yummy starter soup here. The only reason this endearing little hole in the wall is not getting 5 stars is, im not sure if everything is from scratch. Either way, I could give a flying fluff, the food is great. It put a cat that swallowed a canary grin on my face.
4	Thank goodness for this restaurant. Above average mexican food and spectacular salsa
1	I was looking to get away from the WSOP last night for awhile and stopped by this little Mexican restaurant up the street. What a mistake. I do not like to post terrible reviews unless they are truly warranted. This was my experience. When I arrived there was one other table occupied and that should have been a clue. I sat down and after asking for water a gruff man (the owner?)  came back with a water and chips/salsa. The red salsa was the one good part of the night while the green salsa was bland and tasteless. I asked to place my order right away.  I ordered a burrito with green chile(pork) as I usually use this basic dish to judge Mexican restaurants. It was $9.  First I received some starter soup that was was overly salty and plain. Then,  I sat there for about 20 minute in which one additional party arrived and my water ran out. My waiter never came back once during this time. When this other party got their food first(after ordering 10 minutes after me) I began to hope the food would be special to make up for it.My food finally arrived and that forced the waiter to finally acknowledge the lack of water. My immediate impression was that it looked great, a wet burrito with cheese and green sauce that came with rice/beans. I started on the sides and they were basic and satisfactory. Then I made the mistake of eating the main course. I cut into the burrito and immediately saw it was filled with little cubes of waxy meat. The first taste wasn't any better. It wasn't like any chile verde or green chile I've ever had. There was the hideous meat, overcooked tough chunks of pork. I've never had stewed or marinated pork with this texture/consistency. A few pieces of onion and chiles was also inside but nothing else and there was very little green chile flavor. My initial thought was to ask for a refund but I don't like to do that so I literally picked out the meat and ate most of the wet tortilla and cheese only. That's how bad it was, and I still tipped around 15% against my better judgment. I just don't understand how they can serve meat/food this terrible. I've yet to find decent Mexican food in Las Vegas but even this was the bottom of the barrel. The lack of any discernible service was the icing on the fail cake.. Do yourself a favor and avoid this restaurant. I'd rate it a zero if I could.
5	Great, Authentic Mexican food.  Found this place on Yelp and it was great!  Home cooked food with home/family feeling.  Would have never stopped at this place just by looking at the outside.  Well worth it
2	Checked out the reviews on yelp so decided to give this spot a try since I live close by. Drove into an empty parking lot. That was a bad sign but decided to give it a try anyway. The restaurant was dark and the service was ok. I ordered camarones rancheros. The shrimp was overcooked... Rice and beans were ok... Overall not impressed. Wont be coming back.
4	Good, tastee, Mexican.  reasonable price.  Don't let the fact it is in a strip shopping center put you off.  Owner served me.  Surprised that I liked hot, spicy foods.  The food was spicy, but I added a rockin hot habinero sauce.  my only criticism if that there could be a little more flavoring such as cilantro.  This restauraunt is within walking distance to the hotel Rio down Valley View blvd.
4	Very tasty!  Loved the chile relleni. So delish! The beans were also great but the rice wasn't my fave. Otherwise would have given 4 stars. The service is a little slow but very very nice.
4	Ordered the Enchiladas Susias came with two sides..refried beans & Mexican rice..you get a cup of conchita soup & basket of tostada chips with two salsas..all for under $10 add a Corona & iced tea (free refills on the iced tea) for another $5..food looked appetizing, tasted good & service was decent. Music was what's expected for a Mexican restaurant however a bit too loud at times so trying to carry on a conversation was a bit difficult. Overall I'd recommend giving this little family owned restaurant a go.
3	I come here atleat once a week to satisfy my seafood cravings and can honestly say, it's amazing. I always have ceviche on tostadas, shrimp coctail, and at times a sea food stew. Atmosphere is relaxing, employees are friendly and very attentive. Only major problem I had,  was the drinks. You get no free refills on sodas. Other than that,  its a great place.
