5	If you ever need to go to Verizon, its best to deal directly with a corporate store. Thank god this is a corporate store and the best Verizon store we've been to in Las Vegas. We've been to about 5 or 6 other Verizon stores in Vegas, and they all give us a hard time about everything and never solve any issue. We came here today to upgrade my hubbies phone. We were in there for about an hour and a half to 2 hours, but I cant complain because the lady that helped us was very friendly. We carried conversation and talked about random things which made the time go by faster while  we waited on the phone. They have separate military prices and store prices, but on the particular phone hubby selected, it was cheaper to get the store price. The lady explained everything in depth and was very informative and helpful to answer any questions we had. Out of all of the Verizon stores we've been to, this has been the best and friendliest. 5 Star... if I could, I'd give it more stars :)
5	For a Verizon store, this is the best... Customer Service is something that's shown they take pride in...
3	Felt like I was in the dmv for a day. A hour and not one person name called.. omg!!!! I'm here cause my bill keeps getting bigger when I don't go over mins or data. Thinking about T-mobile..
1	The worst experience I have ever had at a verizon store.  I was in there to upgrade my phone and tablet, I was informed that they could not upgrade from my tablet to another tablet and keep the same number. So they opened a new line for me, then refused to close out the old line. so not only was I having to get a new line open but now I have an unused and unneeded line that I had to pay for because if she would have closed it she would have to prorate me and " I don't feel like doing that." instead she tried selling me yet another tablet, which I told her I don't need and it wouldn't get used.  I ended up calling customer service who informed me that she lied and costed me the activation fees. I will not recommend this store for anyone EVER, nor will I be going back.
