4	This one is located alongside Terrible's Gas Station, and the Albertson's Shopping Center/strip mall. We go to this one the most (though we really don't eat fast food on  a large scale anyway, ever since, our lifestyle changes), the Drive-Thru window mostly, and on occasion, inside too (clean, locals). This one is about the same distance from our home, as the one at Paradise/Sahara (way more tourists and way more cars at the Drive-Thru too), but this one is less crowded. Inside is a little smaller, than most locations, since it's sharing space with the Terrible's Gas Station and Convenience Mart.Since we only get three items on the menu, our order's pretty easy (cone sundae, or sandwich), so it's usually right. There are usually a few cars in the Drive-Thru window too, BTW. But it's never too long of a wait. The gas station/mini-mart and the whole shopping center is relatively busy during the day.
4	A McDonalds review? Yep. Because when all else fails it's really hard for someone to mess up a Big Mac. This location has a drive through that's not that bad to get through and usually moves fast at peak times. If you look through the drive through window or walk inside you'll notice it's kept clean. This McDonalds has kept me from being hungry when Lotus of Siam and Komol messed up my lunch more than once. And to be honest this review is just my way of saying thank you for being there as I know with a quick run through the drive through I won't be going back to work hungry.
3	Between two shows last night, I had about 45 minutes to kill so I drove the short distance here to get a McFlurry.  For me, McDonald's has become a place to get a  side salad or a quick dessert.  Dessert it was.The drive through was packed, so I parked at the convenience store parking and went inside.  The staff was very friendly.  The only issue I had was with adding to my Arch card account.  They couldn't remember how to do it.  After awhile, a light bulb went off and I had some money loaded on the card.I got my Oreo McFlurry and I sat in the restaurant to enjoy it.  It was good--typical McDonald's--it's the same at each location.  The restaurant was relatively clean.  There was a table that needed clearing but other than that, it was neat.  There's also free wifi which made checking my email a breeze.  It was very snappy.There are some pictures on the walls that look like they are made of jigsaw puzzle pieces. One was of Ray Croc.  I couldn't tell if they were real puzzle pieces or if the art had been designed to just look that way.I'll be back when I'm in the area of Commercial Center and need a soft ice cream fix.
1	The night employees from this particular mcdonalds are VERY RUDE!! I feel they don't care about the customers! And not only they make you wait a ridiculous amount of time but also are very careless! I don't recommend this mcdonalds! !!!
1	Ordered McFlurrys through the drive thru. Paid at the window and was handed the McFlurrys not mixed. I handed them back to the guy and said they need to be mixed. He said they couldn't mix it. Really mcdonalds??? Why even sell them? Or why not tell the person at the order point about it. Major fail. Get your poop in a group McDonalds
