3	It's always a risk to my waistline when a Chick-Fil-A opens up near my house, and when I saw this one going up so close by I was filled with both excitement and and a little dread.I've visited this Chick-Fil-A five times since it opened in July. Most of my trips have been quick jaunts through the drive-thru. This location makes an exceptional traditional Chick-Fil-A chicken sandwich, and service at the window is always quick and polite.So yesterday, when I had an hour to spare, I decided to park and go into the actual restaurant to eat lunch and read a book. After my experience inside the restaurant, I'll be sticking with the drive-thru window from now on.Why? Because while the food was still stellar, the service was lousy. In this particular restaurant, you're given a number to take to your table to wait for your meal, which keeps people from lurking at the counter. It's a sound idea, but I think that the lack of patrons lurking around the registers makes service slower. It took upwards of 10 minutes for my lunch to come out, which is ridiculous for a classic "fast food" restaurant. The staff behind the counter was SLOW in everything they did. I've worked fast food before (and one of my stints was at a Chick-Fil-A in Atlanta no less). The key to being successful behind the counter in a fast food restaurant is to "hustle"... There was zero hustle in this team. They meandered about like lost Sims characters.I made the mistake of drinking my soda a little too quickly while I waited for my meal, such that I ran out by the time I was halfway through my meal. No biggie - CFA has always offered free drink refills and it usually only takes a moment to get one.I went up to the side of the counter, which is where I've always gone for drink refills, and I was studiously ignored for several minutes by the cashier working the front, and the three other employees hanging out chatting at the drive-thru window. It takes ten seconds to refill a soda cup - but the cashier wasn't about to do it. A woman in front of me had also come to the side of the counter and asked for an extra nugget because her kid dropped one. The three girls hanging out by the drive-thru window were debating how to package that nugget, and it took all three of them several minutes to figure out a solution. With my meal getting cold I finally spoke up and said, "All I need is a drink refill, can someone help me out?" This caused the cashier to finally grab my cup and refill it, muttering a brief apology about the wait.If you visit this Chick-Fil-A, stick to the drive-thru. The staff can manage that, but when it comes to multitasking, or speed, or any sort of other customer service, they are sorely lacking. This staff did not know how to work effectively in a fast food restaurant. I've never seen people as slow as this team in a Chick-Fil-A before.
4	This is a great Chick-Fil-A.  The employees are so nice, the management is always out on the floor assisting customers and cleaning tables.  They will bring your food to you which is nice when you are with small kids.  The food is standard so no variation from the norm.  And its pretty much the only Chick-Fil-A in the area so they have that advantage, which means it can get busy, but they handle it well.
3	I usually like Chick-fil-a, but my experiences at this one have been very lackluster. The food is usually moderately warm, and the french fries are okay, not great. It can get very busy, but there's a modest amount of seating so it's not a really big deal. I'd avoid this CFA and go to the one in Stonecrest instead.
3	It's hard to rate a Chick-Fil-A poorly because they have such a good quality product. However, this new location in front of Walmart has yet to get it's footing. I went here on a rainy day to pick up food for dinner and was greeted by a nice young cashier.  She took my order, but when I asked for my Chargrilled Chicken Sandwich plain she took off lettuce and tomato only. When I asked if it comes with pickles, she said she didn't know and would just press the "no pickles" button just in case. I'm pretty sure that all Chick-Fil-A sandwiches come with pickles. It's just their thing. The food also took a while to get for a to go order. They weren't that busy, and when I did get the food it wasn't that hot. My husband is also convinced they don't put salt on their fries, which I think taste good, but he has to add extra salt. Not a bad fast food place by far, but not yet up to the normal Chick-Fil-A standards I'm used to.
1	Customer special request for food due to allergies denied!
