5	I've done business with other places in the past but never again. These guys here are honest and fair. We're having several things done right now and it brings a comforting feeling to feel I am dealing with honest people. I will update with details when we get the car back.
5	I've done business with other places in the past but never again. These guys here are honest and fair. We're having several things done right now and it brings a comforting feeling to feel I am dealing with honest people. I will update with details when we get the car back.UPDATE: jeep is back and running great! Doug is a very fair and friendly guy. Thank you for all you did to help us. He went above and beyond. That's an awesome feeling! Hopefully, we won't need him before our oil needs to be changed again, but if we do, this is where we'll go!
5	Mid-summer AC issues in Arizona are not fun!  Greulichs gave me a quote that was substantially lower than the other shop I took it to first. They started the repair and it ended up being a much more expensive fix then they originally thought. But they stood by their word and fixed it for what I already paid them even though it cost them more. They also paid for a rental car since the fix took longer than expected. These days it is hard to find a place whose word you can count on, greulichs is a rare find in that aspect. Customer satisfaction is clearly a priority. They come highly recommended by me!
5	Josh and Tyler do amazing work and they are some of the nicest mechanics you'll ever meet! As a woman I've experienced my fair share of condescending and manipulative behavior from other auto shops and I am so grateful to have found a shop that is honest and fair. I highly recommend this Greulich's location and their mechanics.
5	Josh has taken great care of my Kia, which I am trying to drive until the wheels fall off.  Honest and fast service.  We won't take our vehicles anywhere else.
3	Even with appointment you still have to wait! I made a appointment the day before for a oil change for my lunch break, they promised to have me done in 30 min. It took over a hour and I was late getting back to work. The people were nice. Just be prepared to wait.
1	2 words -RIDICULOUSLY EXPENSIVE!! I just had to get a light bulb replaced and they quoted 60$ just for labor, as they thought it might take an hour to fix it. Apparently he was cribbing about the fact that he had to remove the carpet in the trunk to get to the light -what else was he expecting, to get to light with a mere stretch of an hand. Wouldn't I do it myself if it was that easy and didn't need any tools! I got it replaced at pep boys for a mere 10$. The guy there did it in under 10 mins. Not even sure why people would even go there. If you have that kind of 'super' excess money, might as well go to the dealer!
3	Let me begin by saying that I am just a teenager and most businesses will try to take advantage of me because they think I am too ignorant to call them out on their dishonesty. They quoted me an hourly rate $20 more than their competitors and twice the time. They match prices though and I talked them down to a more reasonable rate, however they lied about the time it took to finish the work. Bolting an exhaust onto a car takes 30 minutes max. Not 1 hour. The work they did was fine but the prices are steep and the quotes are dishonest.
5	Just want to say how good we feel having found this HONEST auto service.  We can't emphasize enough how much we trust Stan and David and their crew of technicians.  It's hard to find a business that will level with you from the beginning and let you know the facts in order to make an informed decision.
1	It should be an option review a place with no stars. There are no excuses for me to pay over $100 for a transmission flush and 3 weeks later when I get an oil change somewhere else and they tell me I need to get my transmission flushed ASAP .. So what were they doing while I sat in the waiting room for over an hour, waiting for my car to have it's transmission flushed ?
