3	The unfortunate thing about living in Surprise is that you're usually the youngest one in the place.  Okay, there was a baby there one night. Pshaw.The complimentary bruschetta that comes to the table is the best I've ever had.  Just the right amount of garlic and tomatoes, and really fresh.  They have good specials and a tasty meat sauce.  My item of choice is the lasagna.  Saucy!The atmosphere leaves something to be desired, what with the pastel pink walls, mirrors everywhere, and a retired guy singing old Frank Sinatra songs and cliche Italian ballads.  The hostest greets you at the door in a sequinned dress like you're going to a banquet, while all of the patrons are in golf shirts and shorts.  Wicked.  It's not the most happenin' place, for sure.Decent food for a really good price.  I don't mind going  once in awhile, but as a young person you will expect to be given 'the eye' by a retired person here and there.  Maybe they're expecting me to get drunk and dance on the tables?Geeze, you do that once and they never let you forget!
4	Being from out of town each time I visit Surprise Portofino is a must stop. The decor could use some sprucing up but over all it's neat and clean. The service is excellent. The staff is very attentive. Always willing to bring you another plate of wonderful bruschetta (and it's free!). If you go an a weekend in the evening you get to hear the sounds of Buddy Raymond. His tunes add to the ambiance. He is very entertaining. My family has actually become fans of Buddy and look forward to his oldies. We only visit Portofino on nights that he will be in attendance. I had the pleasure of visiting Portofino last weekend and can't wait till the next time!
3	The bread they serve here prior to dinner is some of the best I've ever had.  The perfect combination of garlic, olive oil and tomatoes. Food is very tasty, and the daily specials are always right on the money.  I'd give this place 4 stars, but the ambiance is terrible.4 star food-1 star ambiance3 stars!Note: if you can wait to eat until around 7pm, most of the "early bird specials" have cleared out, and it will be much less busy.  Coming at 4:30 or 5:00?  Be prepared to wait behind your grandparents...
4	Upon first appearances I was skeptical.  IT is in a strip mall next to a peter piper pizza.... No good can come of this but hey, we drove all the way out here sooo..  Upon entering the atmosphere is a bit dated, like the 50's but in an old kinda rat pack kinda way.   We were promptly acknowlowled by the lounge singer who was taking a break.. Again no good can come of this but we were immediately seated so there was no escaping now.   The wait staff was prompt, worked toegther as a team and my concerns went out the window when the Bruschetta was served.  EXCELLENT.  My hubby brave soul that he is felt a little conspicuous to be the youngest in the room but it is in Suprise, so what was he thinking.   We ordered the Calimari,  it can only go two ways, it is good or it isn't.  While waiting, the lounge singer was doing his thing and quielty belting out Italian tunes with his own particular flair.  Before I knew it I was swaying along to Dean Martin songs and enjoying the atmosphere.... oh no did I just say that ?  By now the Calimari had arrived and been tasted and  I was wrong, there was a third option, EXCELLENT.  Our glasses never went empty and the staff were all quick to ask if everythng was going well.  I had the chicken PIcatta and Hubby had the Manicotti but  instead of pasta on the manicotta they use the lighest crepes I have ever seen or tasted.  Both entrees were delicious and we finsished up with the Tiramasou. If they were in a more upscale location, they wouldnt be able to keep the prices so reasonable.  I am glad their priority the quality of the food and service.   The important thing to take away from this is that we will be back !!  And recommend that you give them a try, you wont be dissapointed.    I had to lose the one star for location cause it so dang blasted far away from me or I would be there 5 times a week.
2	Not really good Italian food but it's a great place to pick up a date if your 80 years old.
1	Unfortunately this place did not have the best food. I do not recommend the shrimp pasta, it came with super tiny canned shrimp for salads and not very many of them. I was wanting a seafood meal and this was not it. We were the youngest group in the whole restaurant but it was picked as an overall middle of the road place for a large group of people driving from all around town. The service was ok. I did not pay for the pasta dish as it was not good at all but I definitely paid $6 for the super small side salad that came with the meal. Overall I do not recommend this place although as stated in another post they have the best bread ever and the rest of the guests at our table seemed to enjoy their meals. I tasted my husband's food and it was way better than mine.
3	I realize that declaring Portofino the best Italian  restaurant in Surprise isn't much of a compliment. It's only competition are the franchise joints and a few mom and pop pizzerias. Nicks Diner? Let's not even go there. But despite the tacky pink and gold 1950's decor, and the musty  odor, there are some very good aspects to this place. Lets begin with the service. Always excellent. The staff works together seamlessly. The bruschetta that comes to the table quickly and in nearly infinite amounts, is really good. The stuffed tilapia special, is a creamy crabmeat filled delight and available almost every weekend. The veal parm, yes veal parm, where else in Surprise can you order it, is tender and generous with tasty breading, cooked perfectly in olive oil. The seafood combinations are small portions and just OK . The accompanying pasta portions are also kind of small and the marinara is sweet and lifeless.  But the menu here is way above average for this area.OK, so the abundance of old people does not make this place an option for a first date, unless you're 70.  Hell, I'm 57. When I walk through the door I feel like I'm crashing my parents new years eve party.  You may even trip over a walker or two on the way to your table. The lounge singer croons the latest Perry Como tunes. But, he's good at it, the food is relatively decent, the house wines are serviceable, and prices reasonable.  I can deal with the atmosphere and I enjoy coming here.
4	Portofino is a quaint little place who's owners are hands-on and it shows in the food and service. We stop every time we can when we are in town. Bruschetta is great, calamari is light and crispy, salads are tasty too. I love the entrees- eggplant parm is great, clams and linguine is yummy too.My Dad was a regular here and the entire staff treated him like a king. I love this place!
3	Man this place is really a mixed bag.   The pros:Service is excellent.  Bruschetta is really good, and the dishes I have tried have all been from good to great.  Good specials and very reasonable prices.The cons (and unfortunately they are SO con they bring it to 3 stars):If you have ever seen the show restaurant impossible and the big muscle man walks into a place for the first time and is stunned by the decor that is this place!  This is definitely your grandma's house with less character.  Stuff everywhere, no consistent theme, pastels, dark corners, and the list goes on.  As others have said, Surprise is a mix of young families and retirees/snowbirds.  If you go to this place during snowbird season and you are under 60, you are GOING to be the youngest person there.  I can deal with that, living here you get used to it from Nov-April.  What I do not like is what seems to be a constant attitude by the clientele of this particular restaurant.   I do not see this at other establishment in Surprise that the snowbirds frequent.  Another review said you will get "the eye".  I get more like the evil eye!   I have 8 & 10 year old kids who we have taken here and that mere act gets you dirty looks like you just invaded their personal space by entering the door.  I cant quite put my finger on why THIS restaurant seem so much more intensely snowbird driven than others, but it is enough to keep from going back more a few times a year.
5	Absolutely love this place.  The food is great, as is the service.  I also greatly appreciate the class and manners of the people who dine here.  An all around wonderful dining experience.
3	Kinda like a family Italian joint but too bright inside. Food is good enough for what it is and service is sufficient. Food is a 6 on a scale of 1 to 10. Not great not bad. Cutesy place with an "almost" feel. Experience it for yourself. You will understand what I mean.
1	So the history of my reviews will show I typically do not write reviews like this.My girlfriend and I arrived and were promptly seated. It was about 7pm and not crowded. We ordered the Escargot, Oso Buco, and Fettuccine with Mushrooms and Shrimp. I had the spinach and egg drop soup, her the salad.The Escargot was very good and we asked for bread. Specifically asked for plain bread (should have been brought out with Escargot due to the large amount of garlic butter that usually accompanies it. Took a long time as for some reason they assumed I wanted it toasted. Not a biggie. Escargot tasted great.This is where it got bizarre. My girlfriend liked the shells and wanted to keep them for a decoration. Assuming we owned the Escargot we just ate, we asked for a box for the shells. The server stuttered quite a bit trying to tell us the shells weren't for sale. What?? Essentially you RENT the shells and they are reused for other patrons! The manager came over to see if she could address the issue. I told her we'd like to take the shells and she said it was not possible that they reuse them for other guests. I was so surprised at this and questioned her reusing something like that. It's not a fork. I asked her if they were allowed to do that? In my opinion it's disgusting.The manager was entirely rude and wouldn't discuss it further. One of the worst encounters with a manager I've ever had in my dining experience. She walked off and would not answer me. So much so, I just had to ask for my bill to leave.The Oso Buco and Fettuccine just arrived at that moment as we told our server (very nice girl who we did tip) we were done and leaving. The manager still refused to speak to me upon departing.So for the $3.00 likely cost for six Escargot shells, the manager easily lost $40 for the meal, possible returning customers and possible future customers who will read this review. Not a bright business person at all.The food was good, but due to the attitude of the management, I would never step foot in this restaurant again. They get 1 star....because I have to.
3	Chicken piccata was tasty but veal parmigiana was tough. It's nice to have the option of crisp-tender veggies on the side instead of pasta. We like the garlic toasts.
4	We go here on a pretty regular basis and have never been disappointed with the food.  They do a terrific job with pasta, seafood and fish.  The bruschetta is the best in the valley.  Prices are reasonable and the atmosphere is nice.  This is one of the few places in the west valley where you have white table clothes and napkins.
