4	I really enjoy this salon. I'm more of a "do-it-yourselfer" kinda gal but even I don't feel comfortable cutting my own hair. They are fast and polite. The young lady that cut my hair was thrown a curve-ball, I showed her a picture and then completely made it into my own style. She completely understood what I wanted and did an amazing job making my hair into a personal masterpiece. I love this location as well. It is very close to my house and easy to get to, only a couple blocks away from the freeway. The ladies here keep this salon very clean as well, always taking turns sweeping the floors between customers. This is the best Supercuts in town. I'll be back.
5	So I checked in at the front desk... And the girl had a customer in the chair already.... She asked if I was on the list and told me it would be just a little but.... Got me in the chair and had me ship shape in no time.... Talked about cars... She did great !! Her name is Brie come in and see her!!
4	Whenever I end up in a Supercuts things are always so simple. The locations are all similar, 4 chairs with 2 people working, and can provide you with a quick trim at a decent price. The stylist tend to be friendly and /or cute and sometimes you want to ask them out to a steak dinner... until they start talking about their boyfriends. Any who, here's the story of my visit to this location, written caveman style, bc it was just that simple...Hair. Fluffy. Sides. Me. Need. Fade. Oh. Look. Supercuts. Name. On. List. That's. My. Name.I. Want. Fade. Wow. Good. Fade.Take. Money. Bye.
3	My BF's jew-fro reached "out of control" proportions a few weeks ago, so I finally intervened and hooked up him with an appointment here last week. A quick search on Yelped turned this place up nearby, called and was immediately put down for an appointment within the half-hour.BF arrived, waited shortly and was helped by a nice Asian lady who take his hair down from caveman to practically-a-buzz-cut in a clean and organized fashion. She use clippers for the majority of his cut, which is quick and convenient for her but not really to his liking. The final product however, pleases everyone. I do like that she cut it so short- usually stylists shy away from putting a significant dent in men's hair length (or so I've surmised from my experiences with BF's cuts), and I can't figure out why. Maybe they feel that if the regrowth happens fast, they'll just come back to the last place that cut it? I think we'd all rather go longer times between cuts, and doing it this short makes it easier.Decent and predictable pricing on par with other locations for this chain. Clean and organized, with plenty of reading materials while waiting- and most of them are fairly current, unlike your doctor's office.
4	I have always trusted going to super cuts. The one time I didn't when I lived in Utah for a year the bitch butchered it. So I swore to never 1 get my hair cut in the state of utah and 2 go anywhere but super cuts.Anyway, so I read the few reviews on here and decided to go since I know they're decently priced. I love it. My hair was close to my butt and I wanted to chop it all off.. New state new me. She did an awesome job and was very friendly. I only didn't do 5 stars because there was a language barrier and I wanted to donate my hair... I probably got 12 or more inches chopped off. I would Def say come here.
5	Been going to this place for years. Every time I come to get a hair cut it's usually when I am starting to look like a homeless guy. Once again that time had come and so Supercuts here I go. The stylists are professional and patient. I have also been getting my facial hair taken care off there and it's never an issue. $7 to get my red and unkept beard issue resolved. 15$ for a haircut. $tip. In and out, affordable and satisfactory. Homeless to probably not homeless.
