3	Located on the lovely stretch of road known as Boulder Hwy., this Denny's is fondly known to my friends and I as Beer Denny's.  If we're feeling' especially white trash, we'll show up here for a 3 PM breakfast accompanied by a Bud Light. The service is usually slow, the food is just Denny's food, but the fact that this is a Beer Denny's makes it win just a little.
3	Pretty ordinary Dennys, didnt make it to the pancake special though dang it.Quite convenient to where we stayed at, motel 6.Not good nor bad, just Dennys.
3	Yep , I went to Denny's and it was a pleasant surprise. I was happy to see the build your own grand slam on the menu. If your on a low carb diet this is perfect.  You have 4 choices i chose two orders of eggs and 2 orders of sausage.  There are about 8 choices to select  pancakes, bacon , hash ,grits , toast etc can't remember them all.      Anyway it was nice to just pick and chose instead of the usual , playing the substituiton game.   I gave it the third star for the build your own slam option, ok .  It made me happy that's what counts , Thank you
1	This restaurant has had its share of problems. It was boarded up for so long; I finally decided to give it a try once more. Stepping inside took me back, it hadn't changed much from years gone by, I almost turned around expecting to see the old Nevada Palace behind me. After a moment or two I was seated, and a waitress came over to take my drink order. I had hot chocolate with the whipped cream; the whipped cream had all but disappeared by the time it was served. She came to get my order only to discover she had forgotten to give me a menu card.She ran off and retrieved one off another table.  I sat back and talked with the lady at another table who sat down about the same time as me, she was just laid off from Station Casino's coffee shop, at 78 years old was afraid she wasn't going to be able to get another job. We both commented on the poor service and how things are not as they used to be. My food finally came and I pointed out they lady had been seated about as long as I and hadn't been served.I had the bacon, eggs, hash browns and toast. It was a new memory in the making; the food was cold, except for the bacon, which dripped of grease. I eat at Denny's, when every my grandson is with me, he just loves the place, just not this place! It wasn't inexpensive, almost $10.00 including a $2.00 tip. I walked out the doors, looking around, I realized it had changed; the sign was the same, the interior the same but that is where it all ended. I won't be back at that Denny's again. East Side Cannery across the street might be a better bet.
3	Breakfast early this am, going to the range to do some shooting and it's not open until 7am, but today I needed fasting lab work and we went 5am to get it done and this was our next stop, breakfast.You build your own glam slam and if you are good you can stick with the low carb version.  Of course if you want pancakes they got that too, but eggs scrambled with s a side of bacon and sausage is perfect for me.  Good service, quick, clean place, not much of a crowd at this time of morning.
1	This is the worst Denny's I have ever been to.  I asked for a booth away from other people as I was refunding money (large sum) to a client and they refused.  Then a waitress came to take our order and when I asked for salad instead of fries she said I would get the fries and have to pay for the salad too.  First time ever.  She got all huffy and said loudly that she refused to serve us!  Her manager was there and just as rude!  Don't ever go there!
1	I was very disappointed.  I usualy like Denny's but this one was kind of dirty and the service was slow.  Going to avoid this one
1	Horrible franchise, it's a disgrace for this place to even be able to carry the name and the menu. They ruin old favorites with subpar ingredients and have no idea of the core values that Denny's was built upon. They don't even purchase the proper ingredients to make what's supposed to be 'Denny's' food. They use shredded lettuce on burgers, sandwiches and elsewhere. This is a cheep Mexican restaurant cloaked as a classic diner,  that is, again, ruining the Denny's brand completely. What is more sad is that with all the bad reviews of the craphole that someone from corporate is doing nothing about it. Sad.
1	Not the best of attitudes, I thought this place might be under staffed but realized there weren't a lot of customers there. Nearly a 40 minute wait for a cheeseburger. I was  told that medium well done was my only option for the burger, no mediam rare. I never experienced that at any other Denny's locations. Milkshake normally comes with a full glass plus what's left over in the the tin. The menu even says extra is in the tin. I had to ask for the remaining shake in the tin and the waitress thought that was a joke and went back to the kitchen area complaining that I actually wanted what I was paying for.Manager appeared stressed but did a good job of keeping a happy face and was actually working hard to keep customers happy. Waitress, named Dawn did not do a good job of appearing to give a damn. Slow waitres who did not appear to want to be there. For $10 burger and a $4 milkshake go to Johnny Rockets.. I will never make the mistake of returning to this location again in this lifetime - Go to Eastern and Flamingo location for a better experience.
1	Three of us went in for breakfast. waitress takes our order and nothing happens for 20 minutes. O I forgot to mention there were only 3 other tables with customers. So she decides to show up and mention !/2 of my order is out of stock.  REALLY! 20 minutes! So I ask for a menu and she never returns, so I go off to the kitchen myself and tell the cook what I want instead.Another 15 minutes and I call the manager over who tells me they are having trouble with the waffle machine. REALLY! 15 minutes and no one can tell us this.So 2 of us change our order again. If it hadn't been for the manager comping the entire meal I would have camped in the parking lot and bad mouthed the place. They need to train the servers better, she could have handled the whole thing so much better. I understand shit happens, but it can't be ignored. need I say she didn't get a penny from our table.
3	Id give the food a star, maybe 2 stars but the service, probably closer to 4 stars.  Which is why im leveling it at 3 stars. We went in very late like...2-3am late on a saturday night. It was fairly slow and only one server but our server, Bart, was rushing around from table to table and more then friendly. Most people working graveyards at places have the attitude like they dont want to be there, but he was energetic and happy which made up for the shitty food (we didnt even complain). He works there most nights apparently so chances are you won't be too disappointed if its a late night Dennys stop. Now as for the food...we got the bacon and cheddar fries...and there was barely enough cheese on them to taste, then they forgot the tomatoes on my sandwich, but my friend did enjoy her burger, I just don't know if its enough to ever order the same things from here. Next time, I think breakfast may be the better option.
1	Food and service OK, but this was the filthiest Denny's we've seen. We were one of only two parties seated at dinnertime on a Sunday night. There must have been 6 un-bussed un-cleaned tables. The bathrooms (mens, womens) obviously had not been cleaned or attended to all day as there was trash all over the floor. The toilet paper roll was on the floor (the roll holder was broken), and there was no soap or hot water available (we reported this to the health dept.)Do yourself a favor and eat at the 4* Chuck Wagon Restaurant in the Longhorn Casino 100 yards to the north. The only reason we visited this Denny's was that the Longhorn was crowded.
3	It good for breakfast. Waitress says they been thru some changes and hope they are done!  Food is always dependable is why we stop on our travels.
2	Definitely not the cleanest Denny's I've ever eaten at.Rather than being greeted when I walk in like I experience at most Denny's I was pretty much ignored for 5 minutes.We were finally shown to a table and ignored again for awhile. Ignored again for awhile until they remembered to ask us if we'd like something to drink.Are you getting the picture? Very slow service here? The food and service was very below average for Denny's .
4	Came on tonight and upfront we were told by the manager that there was a backup in the kitchen and gave us an estimate time of 30 min.  Well it did take longer (thank God I brought cards to occupy our time) but I do have to say that our server, Oscar, was super nice and came by to check on us every so often when he wasn't trying to assist in the kitchen. We did get discount for our extra long wait and felt valued and appreciated the entire time.  As we were paying our bill, the manager expressed his apologies too.  Their smiles and appreciation made up for the delay.  I would eat here again :D
4	Eating with my youngest breakfast :) just mommy & isaiah  !! Great service yummy food !! My son got a cupcake cup yo take home he is so happy :)
5	I had breakfast for dinner today!  I've been going here for several years now.  I still remembered when they closed it down and boarded it up.........then several weeks later it was back open again.  Made me think I was in the twilight zone.  Today I just had the basic eggs sausage and bacon today.  It would be pretty hard to mess this up.  It was only two servers working and the cook and it wasn't that busy at all.  I took my father and he had the steak and eggs and it looked pretty good as well.  The server came and checked on us several times and it honestly was a good experience.
2	Food is just...OK. Service is as expected at Denny's - friendly but glacial. Was there for two hours, finally gave up on ordering something else and went to see a movie. Had to have the manager chase down the waitress to get my check. I was in the first booth by the checkstand and it was not a busy day. Hmph.
