5	This place has great service, and the best selection of gifts to add to your flowers. I think its one of the better florists. One of the only florists in Henderson I think, too.
5	I recently had a wonderful experience at Springtime Floral and feel that 5 stars were easily earned. I called in from Reno to have flowers delivered to my friend's birthday party in Henderson. The service over the phone was extremely friendly and professional. The floral arrangement was gorgeous. I have been in this shop several times prior to moving to Reno and have always had a great experience. They carry unique gifts and balloons in addition to flowers. The store has a room with a table to discuss wedding flowers and such. I love this place and it is my go-to florist for Henderson/Las Vegas.
3	I gave them a 3 because for so many years, my husband has been using them to send me flowers for Valentines Day, Mothers Day, and my Birthday. For those years they deserve at least the 3 stars because they were efficient in the delivery time and the flowers were always so fresh and beautiful. Although this years Valentines Day, the flowers were super horrible, and when I say horrible, all my Lillie's were DEAD, and all the greens were already wilting. That said, I was embarrassed that my whole office had to see the kind of flowers that were sent to me. Obviously try Weren't fresh. Not only were the flowers horrible, but my husband called them and let them know about the flowers and they said to come in an they will replace them. Of course they replaced them with more wilted flowers and didn't even arrange the rest and just left it that way. Overall was pretty upset that I will not be using them again.
1	Hours of operation for Sunday are posted as 10-2 . Went by at eleven and they were closed. If you're scheduled to be opened, please be open.
5	This place did a absolutely amazing job on my bouquets for my wedding. The ladies are very nice and even gave me ideas that I haven't thought of. The flowers were beautiful and fresh. Thanks again Springtime!!!
5	I ordered flowers from Springtime Floral for our 25th Vow Renewal. I orderd  Bouquets, Boutanaires. Centerpiece, Beautiful Room Flowers and Cake Flowers . The Ladies at Springtime Floral did a Beautiful job. It was beyond my expectations. Beautiful colors of flowers  and orchids. They stayed and decorated the room with Beautiful center pieces. And decorated my cake. The Bouqets were brought to us and the boutainares pined on. Our day was perfect  We had nothing to worry about.I will use Springtime Floral for all My FLower needs. Love the Ladies there and I can trust them with making my Flower Dreams come true :)
4	Needed a last second arrangement for a special occasion today and was surprised to see several bouquets all set and ready to go. Thank you to Missy and of course the awesome dogs for the great service, constant smile and pleasant attitude. Will definitely use them again. 4 out of 5 due to being the first time. Will update as service is used more and more. Thanks again
