3	Great store, but I'm only giving out a 3 here because... Well, I question the quality of some of their products. This is a great store for bargains, and 99% of the stuff I've bought here has been just fine: neon colored extension cords, heat gun, power strips, chisels, sanders, etc. etc. Great place for inexpensive tools. However, 3 times I've purchased a product (an on/off electrical pedal), and had to return 3 of the 5, exchanged them for new ones. No hassle, had the receipt each time, but its still a pain in the ass to drive from N Scottsdale over there to return an item. 3 stars is all you're gettin' from me, Pal! :)
5	The map showing where this place is located is way off.  Its on the South East corner of 51st Ave and Bell Rd.The apparent quality of some of the items sold here may not be up to par with the big name brand items that you might buy at large home improvement stores, but the prices are incredible in comparison and sometimes you just don't need that level of quality in things that you might be using only once.  If you're buying something that you for some reason need a very high quality version of, then maybe you should shop around a bit, as you may not get that level of quality every single time.  I personally have a good feel for the quality of goods that I'm looking for and normally the price is right here for what I assume I'm getting.The service is very good here and I rarely have to look around for more than a moment to find someone to help me.A lot of thier items come with a warranty.  I bought a ratchet here and it stopped ratcheting after a couple months.  I brought it back without a receipt and after verifying that it was broken they let me grab a new one off the shelf.They specialize in tools, so don't expect to come for lumber or other building materials.  They have stuff to help you fix your car as well as your home.
4	This establishment is a handyman's go-to place and a gadget freak's toy store. While not as big as a Home Depot, it nevertheless offers a wide array of items for home improvement, crafts, even recreation. And the prices are great! I've also found the personnel to be helpful and friendly, which makes my shopping experience here quite pleasant.
4	Great Prices! Forget about Home Depot or Lowes stores. They are over rated. With the coupons they send they send to the house we have saved over $100 on tools that we would have bought from Home Depot. The tools are better then WALMART brand and with great prices. The store is stocked but the cashiers are a bit slow.
4	Cheap tools! I love this place since they carry things that most places don't.  I came here for some ramps to drive my quad onto my truck.  They had 4-5 sets to choose from.  The only complaint I would say is they get busy and they cant always get to everyone right away but it's probably because they pass the savings onto the customer by not having tons of employees.  The tools aren't craftsman so don't expect a lifetime warranty but I don't always need that kind of tool.  I hardly use tools!
5	Boy do I hate this place. Every single time I go in I end up spending $40+. Why do I keep going back? Oh yeah... Cheap tools... Keep it up HF!
4	Make sure to print out a 20% off coupon!I checked in here because my husband had to make his weekly trip there to get tools, and now yelp is telling me to leave a review. I am not really a harbor freight shopper, but he loves it. He loves all the tools he can get and always prints out a 20% coupon. I am giving this place a good rating because he likes it and doesn't spend too much money there.
4	I find it hard to believe how much stuff I've bought here in the last couple of years.  The quality isn't always there (what do you expect for the prices, right?), so I recommend thoroughly testing stuff before you need to use it in the field.  I've had to return a water pump (started smoking when plugged in, didn't pump), an auger (leaked oil like a 1973 Vega), and a solar inverter (didn't invert).  But it's always an easy and painless process to return stuff, so I really can't complain.  The staff always handles returns professionally and quickly.  The other 10,000 items I've bought there have been just fine.  I'll keep buying more stuff as fast as I can print out the 20% off coupons!  It's cheaper and lower quality stuff than you'll get from Home Depot or Lowe's, but for the price, who the hell cares?  I could literally buy 3 of some tools at HF for the price of 1 at HD or Lowe's.
4	Hey- it's Harbor Freight.  As long as you don't buy anything that might be life threatening you should be good.  MAKE SURE YOU USE THE 20% off coupon that you find about everywhere!  It helps although without it, things are still cheap.  We bought hammers, a grinder, etc. there.  I think if I really needed a drill, saw, etc.  I might spend the extra bucks and go to Sears, but all the other stuff seems OK.  It's not going to last a lifetime, but it will get you job done.
2	Like every other Harbor Freight store, they're loaded with cheap Chinese crap tools, with a few gems in the mix.  I've been going here on and off for years to load up on things like nitrile and mechanics gloves (I love their leather palm version, much more so than the real mechanics gloves).  Occasionally I've found tooling that is made in Germany, or Spain, and is of very good quality.  Still not quite professional/industrial grade (and I mean actual industrial, not someone slapping "Industrial" into the name of an otherwise cruddy product), but quite good for home use.  But lately the service side has been getting worse and worse, especially when checking out.  This morning I got to stand in line for nearly 30 minutes before getting frustrated, tossing my arm full of stuff on a display, and walking out.  There was one register open, about a dozen customers in the store, ten of which were standing in line.  The cashier needed a void, which needed a manager code.  Took five minutes to get a manager up there.  30 seconds later she needed to break a hundred.  Yep, another five minutes for the manager.  Next customer questioned a coupon, and wanted to speak to a manager...yay.  Every time a manager needed to be summoned, all transactions came to a halt.  Every time the manager came, he gives change or keys in a code and instantly disappears.  This was the proverbial last straw....I've gotten used to waiting in line 10 or 15 minutes when they're busy, and the lines are long on 3 of the 4 registers, but 30 mins on one single line early on a Saturday morning?  That was also 30 minutes of waiting, and there were still a couple customers ahead of me...who knows how long it would have been before I actually got to a register...Do they really only have one person capable of running a register? Is the stuff cheap?  Sure.  But considering nearly everyone sells cheap Chinese tools now, the savings are typically only a few bucks here and there, and frankly not worth the frustration to me.
2	I'm not impressed that it always takes longer to stand in line than it takes to shop there. Especially at lunch time. It's like the cashier sees the line has 10 people in it and says, oh, I better help this customer go through the newspaper and find a coupon for their affordably priced, cheaply made products.I don't understand why I'm asked if I'm paying debit or credit when the machine asks me if to choose debit or credit anyway.Streamline the checkout process and this place would be good-to-go.
2	I've been going to this location for years, but recently it just takes way too long to check out. Stand in one line that could wrap around the back end of the store at anytime. In the last three months it's just been so bad I've decided to just spend the extra coin somewhere else.
3	Love the prices, check their website and flyers for coupons. HF has a fantastic selection of general hardware, tools and auto accessories. Lots of other gadgets, too, such as welders, air tools, torque wrenches and generators. The problem with specialty tools is that unless you use them every day, it doesn't make sense to pay top dollar for a Snap-On or Hilti. Although I'm not sure I'd bother with their cordless tools as you really can't beat the performance and reliability of Dewalt and Makita. I also like their towing and trailer accessories, it's nice to have a backup place besides Walmart for miscellaneous things which can break. My lone complaint is the lines at this location. You sometimes end up waiting 10-15 minutes and maybe more. The only time I've not seen long lines here was at 8am. They really need to have 3 cashiers - having 2 cashiers and one of them being new, you're going to end up with problems. Today, June 6th, they're having a sidewalk sale, which makes sense - until about noon when the temps cross 100 en route to 108 degrees. I'm not sure why you'd even bother as it would make much more sense to have one of those workers inside manning a register. This franchise would benefit greatly from a POS/checkout system overhaul.
4	Harbor Freight is a lot like Walmart. It always has exactly what you need even when you don't know you need it. And for cheap! Plus you can always find a 20% off coupon in the mail. Usually with a deal for a free flashlight, tape measure, or a pair of scissors. Bargain!The staff is pretty friendly and familiar with their inventory. If they don't have it at their, store they'll gladly let you know which store has it in stock and tell you how to get there. New stores are springing up all over the country, so between the retail sites and the website, you can get whatever you need quickly and easily. The tools are somewhere between entry level and mid-grade, nothing too fancy. If you're a contractor by profession, go to Home Depot. But for the average homeowner/weekend handyman, the price is always right. And if it breaks, they'll replace it, so who cares? They have a decent selection and stuff often goes on sale so it's worth checking out every few weeks.In the past four years I've had to return only three items. Three out of possibly 100 items purchased. And whenever I did take something back, they replaced it no problem. Even after I had beaten the hell out of it! Who else does that? The only con is the check-out lines. Be prepared to wait in line about 5 minutes. Longer if it's a Saturday. Seems they need to hire more cashiers, but perhaps that's how they keep the prices so low. At any rate, I've never had a bad experience here so I would definitely recommend it.I must admit, whenever I get a Harbor Freight coupon in the mail, I get all excited. Yay! Another free tape measure! Seriously. You can never have too many.
2	This is the wal mart of tools. Things are cheap but low quality.  I'm writing this as I stand in line with one register open and 15 people ahead of me in line.
5	Awesome place. This is my Disneyland. I could spend hours just looking around. If they had one of these at the mall, or outlet stores, I would gladly go shopping with my wife. Who cares about the line. Talking with the old guy behind you is part of the fun. Would you rather be looking at purses and shoes?
2	Absolutely appalling customer service. I waited almost a half as hour to exchange a tool and EVERY one they had in stock was also broken. Complete garbage. The staff seems completely uninterested in long wait and lines. I watched other customers stand and wait equally long for tools from the back warehouse. If you go, don't be in a hurry and fully expect to return half of what you buy.
4	It's a Harbor Freight store, which means it is a lot like most of the others.  However this one is particularly clean and well managed, which makes it one of my favorites.  Stock is good, shelves are kept organized, and even though it's always busy there are rarely any lines at the register.  I think one day I'll ask for the manager and say thanks.
