5	This is a great outdoor mall that is perfect for walking around during the 7 months of awesome weather that we have here in AZ.  Lots of full service restaurants (i.e. Grimaldi's, Gordon Biersch, The Keg), a handful of fast-food type restaurants (i.e. Chipotle, Paradise Bakery), and a few snack-type places (i.e. Auntie Anne's and Dairy Queen).  Unfortunately, there is no true food court anymore, which really bums me out because I was a fan of Hot Dog on a Stick.There are two children's play areas - one for toddlers and smaller, and one for bigger kids.  There is also a splash pad during the hot summer months.  These areas seem to be well-maintained and are even closed everyday sometime between 2-3 for cleaning.There are a lot of good stores, but still missing are the Gap and H&M.
4	For an outdoors mall, it's not too bad. They offer a variety of stores, but I wish they offered more. Only one story which makes it more spread out; covers more area. For summer, make sure you stay under the sprinklers or inside a store. For winter, wear more layers and uh, move from store to store more quickly.
5	Great mall lots of choices!  Great play area and always a pleasure to walk around here
4	Love San Tan Village. It's conveniently located close to me. I like the layout and how you can just drive and park near a certain store that you want to visit. But it's also all close enough together that it's not a hassle if you are wanting to shop in multiple stores. I would love it even more if they had an Express & H&M store, though. Only thing is that during the AZ hot summer, it's not really ideal for me to want to go shop here being that it's outdoors and all. But at the same time, I guess I can go cool down with some Frost gelato! Yum, yum, yum!
5	My boyfriend and I just love this place!  Part of the reason may be because of Cantina Laredo, which is our favorite Happy Hour spot ever....but it's still a great little outdoor shopping mall.  Not a huge variety of stores, but it's great for us who live in the East Valley.
