3	Well I went back again and there was a serious and hard to forgive lack of consistency. This time the burger was overcooked, the meat chewy and greyish. The onion rings were soggy with grease. And I tried the Mac n Cheese which left me wondering, who stole my cheese? Therefore I must downgrade my rating. Consistency is a key element in restoration.
4	Even though it's not listed on their menu, they will substitute a delicious homemade veggie burger for their beef burger. There are lots of creative burgers to choose from. I had a absolutely delicious veggie burger with babaganoush, portobello, and grilled onions. My tablemates loved their poutine, mac and cheese, and burger with smoked meat. Waitstaff was very friendly and attentive, but didn't hover. Prices were very reasonable, especially for a hip place on Crescent.
3	This place is for sure over priced and the plating is not well figured out. Me and the BF got the popcorn chicken poutine. The chunks of cheese were cut so large that the gravy BARELY even softened them, i had to cut them up into smaller chunks so so i could get even bits of cheese to fries. And not to mention there were peas in them (did not state on the menu) and that was not good in the poutine, very bad texture and flavour with the rest of the food. Ive worked in restaurants and i know when its time to change your cooking oil, and they clearly do not. The popcorn chicken looked almost burnt and the fried were looking a little on the black side too. But the insides were fine, this means your oil is dirty and the crumbs and bits from other foods are refrying on your fresh food. NOT GOOD cause it ruins the texture and flavours. I was not down for the, mind you the portion sizes are good, i was def full after eating it (minus those peas)
4	Came here on a Sunday afternoon and was seated upon arrival (we were the only ones there for awhile, but it filled up eventually). There are 2 floors to Burger Bar, the first being the main reception area and the second I imagine opens up later on in the night as Crescent fills up with party-goers and clubbers.The menu is pretty extensive, but none of the burgers scream excitement or exoticism. We ordered the wild mushroom burger and the super sonic burger, accompanied with onion rings and sweet potato fries. The burgers  themselves were pretty good. The buns however, made them. A woman actually came into the restaurant and asked the they sell the buns! The onion rings were cut thick, and wasn't all batter- a good thing! For vegetarians, the option to swap out the meat burger for a black bean veggie patty is available, or there is a grilled veggie portabello sandwich available on the menu. The docked star is for the staff. They were scantily clad (it's a Sunday afternoon, not a Friday night...please put some pants on, or shorts that actually fit you) and friendly, almost too friendly, it was overbearing. Our server explained it was his first day, so I guess he was trying to impress.
5	Loved this place! The minimalist decor reminds me of a New York city type eatery. They have beer on tap or bottle, and quite an interesting variety of burgers. My burger was AMAZING!!! I asked for a side of guacamole and mayo and they had no problem accommodating my request. The sweet potato fries were incredibly good. The service was attentive and friendly. If you're really in the mood for dessert, try the chocolate shake--it's perfect!
4	We had a nice meal here sitting out on a small deck overlooking the scene on Crescent St. (which I liked a lot as opposed to being right on the street like some of the other places).  The food took awhile, which we were warned may be the case due to a private party upstairs.  We really didn't mind so much though because it was a nice night to be outside and the waitress kept checking on us to make sure we had whatever we needed.   There were a few specifically vegetarian items on the menu, one of which we ordered (the grilled portobello sandwich with grilled veggies).  Any of the burgers can be made with a veggie black bean patty instead, so we did that for another entree.  We had sweet potato fries with both which were great.  There was no kids menu per se, but they offered to make a small version of the mac and cheese.   I wouldn't say it's a great place to dine with kids because it's rather small and seemed quiet inside, but it worked out well for us being on the deck.
4	Totally surprised by this place (in a good way)
3	Super-cramped. A nice variety of interesting sounding burgers made it difficult to narrow down choices for lunch.  Everything was pretty good.
5	Hello, my name is Loli and I believe I have fallen in love with the Burger Bar. It all started one afternoon when my dear lumberjack and I had a lovely time walking through Mont Royal. We mainly stopped for a drink and a quick snack before hopping on the Metro.Once inside, I knew we had chosen well. The background music was just that- background music, the decor was simple but trendy, and I saw the food being served at another table. (Only my sternly engraved manners kept me from helping myself to their food. The burgers looked fantastic!)Since we were only there for a snack- we ordered the soup du jour (an onion soup) and a grilled chorizo potato salad to share. The soup was fantastic! It was everything that a french onion soup should be and proved to be very difficult to share. The grilled chorizo potato salad with corn was a delightful mix of tastes. I am not ashamed to admit how giddy I was to feel the crunch of green onions in my bites. Green onions + potatoes+ chorizo = lots of Loli's mouth happinessI am only sorry that I live so far away and that the Burger Bar and I cannot be married. I would be such a happy Loli if I could enjoy this much goodness everyday- but alas, it cannot be. I will miss you, Burger Bar :,(
4	I went there with low expectations given there is a new trendy burger place popping up every 2 minutes in Montreal. Boy was I wrong the menu really is amazing and original!!!! I had the Sicilian burger it was quite special and went back the very next week. For the price I would say it is in the top 3 best burger places in Montreal, what makes it stand out really is the well thought menu it is not just a damn good beef burger
4	Burgers were great and the sweet potato fries were fabulous also! Waitress was fast and friendly.
4	A group of 10 of us came here for a birthday on Friday evening.  The decor is nice - pleather booths, exposed brick walls.  The table was ready when we arrived, but it was pretty drafty being seated next to the door. We ordered our drinks (crescent pair was good - pear vodka, mango puree, club soda..) and then our meals.  I had the supersonic, with hot peppers (yay!), pickles (double yay!), jarlsberg,  and bacon, topped with three crispy onion rings. It was delicious.  The meat the juicy (but not undercooked) and the bacon was nice and crisp. The fries were good, but not exceptional.  My boyfriend had the smoked meat burger, which comes topped with swiss cheese, pickles and mustard - it was also very good. The side salad comes with mixed greens and a nice vinaigrette - delicious! My friend has the sicilian burger which I think was the best one (of the three I tried). The burger is made of ground beef and sausage, which makes it very moist and flavourful.  It's topped with roasted peppers, mozzarella,  black olives, arugula and basil.  To make it gluten free-friendly, they wrapped it in lettuce.  The sweet potato fries were pretty good too.  Whole wheat buns are also available if you're not into white bread. Everyone at the table really enjoyed their meals.  The only issue was the slow service  - it took an hour after ordering to receive our meals.  Tables of two who ordered after us were served much more quickly.
3	The Burger Bar has a rather extensive menu, which appealed to our group. We were seated immediately in their upstairs area, even though the restaurant wasn't very full. Unfortunately, that was about the last we saw of the wait staff. It took nearly 10 minutes for someone to take our drink order and almost another 10 before we received our drinks. In the 40 minutes it took to bring our food, our waitress never once came to check on us. When our food did come, it was delicious. Great sized portions, and perfectly cooked meat. I had the Babba Burger, and thoroughly enjoyed the stacked grilled veggies in my burger. I also appreciated that you are able to have a green salad, rather than fries. I usually don't care for hamburger buns, but these were delicious. Very hearty, and also grilled. Also a plus, I was very full after I finished. Poor service aside, I would say this is a good choice for dinner.
3	Burgers are on order ~ this place does well on the Atmosphere, Service, Food scale.Atmosphere:  Two floors, comfy casual seating, and very touristy.  Burger Bar is as its name implies, works towards being a "bar" that serves up shots of burgers.  The experiment fails at time due to the plethora of other "upper-end" burger-centric establishments in Montreal, but given that Burger Bar is on Crescent street, one of the prime destination for tourists in Montreal, the hope is that it will catch on well enough to survive.Service:  Service is ok, but then again given the location it almost has to be.  THe staff is pleasant, but often busy and the owners / partners of the place are often on hand to engage patrons and regale them with tales of hockey and business ventures - Sam Malone of Cheers would be proud.Food:  The food at Burger Bar is actually very good (well ... it may not exactly be good FOR you but it's good none the less!).  Given that there are several other restaurants that follow a similar business plan to Burger Bar, it loses points on originality - but this doesn't detract too much for the offerings on hand.  A big minus is the price:  the orders are a little on the small side, but the price is definitely on the high end.It's a good place to share a meal
4	Until stopping in at Burger Bar, I was under the impression that meal times in Montreal were lingering ordeals where waiters/waitresses served at a leisurely pace. Frankly, it was getting on my nerves. Here at Burger Bar, service was speedy, getting me and my friend fed and out the door for more sight seeing in a timely manner. The food at Burger Bar is great too, nice and fresh and huge portions. Burger Bar gave me my first (and only) experience with poutine. I have to say I still would prefer cheese fries, but I was happy with this Canadian staple. Served in a bowl and slopping with gravy, the bottom got pretty soggy, but I guess that is the nature of the dish. When it came to choosing an entree, the menu was good size and there are a few chicken options for those who don't want/eat red meat and some salad options for those who refrain from animals of any sort. The side salad I got in place of fries was just a bowl of lettuce which I found a bit strange. No carrots, cucumbers, tomatoes.. ya know, the usual veggies you would find in a salad. Didn't matter much though because the main event was huge and stacked high with yummy goodness. My friend's side fries were a heaping portion, enough for me to steal a few. For about $15, I walked out stuffed.
4	You need to try the burgers.
4	Good quality for Crescent street, the burger varieties are well thought out.  I had the supersonic burger and it was delicious. Also the poutine burger is worth getting just to be able to look at it! it is about 12inches tall, good service and prices were really reasonable.
4	So many things to love about this place! Great atmosphere, great service and most importantly great food.It was really hard to decide what to order here because everything on the menu sounded very well thought out and original. I went with the BigBlue Burger which was so different and delicious. I had coleslaw on the side.Everything is made in house and it shows. I will be back there again to try everything on the menu!
4	Trendy hipster upscale burger place.  Waitress spent most of the time at the bar talking to her friends.  My burger was a little over cooked but still very good.  I would recommend the burger bar, but I don't think I would go out of my way to go back.
4	The food is pretty good. I had the surf and turf burger which was much bigger than i expected (extra points for that) and i also had a pulled pork poutine which was very tasty but had very little cheese. That was disappointing to me because not only do i love cheese but asks yourself this : what's a poutine if not gravy with a lot of cheese? That was disappointing. I guess next time I'll request extra cheese...
5	Just go.  Right now.  Seriously. It's amazing.I had not eaten meat in three months and although I planned on ending my meat fast across the street at Dundees (see my review on them for why that did not happen), luckily the food gods intervened and my friend and I found our way to Burger Bar.  I welcome myself back into the meat world with a Bacon Cheeseburger and it was amazing.The meat was perfectly cooked and the buns were delicious.  Even the side salad that comes with it is perfectly dressed with an AWESOME dressing (orange honey vinaigrette maybe?) and some very fresh mixed greens.The ambience is perfect, the servers are great and the food is simply spectacular.  The menu is completely in French (which I think is awesome) and the poutine is phenomenal (the best I tasted in Montreal-the cheese curds are super fresh). They also have a cool bar and a small outdoor area.  DO yourself a favor and go now!
4	Strong drinks, great burgers.  'nuff said.
3	A solid lunch choice on Crescent. It certainly isn't a fast lunch venue, but that is to be expected for the street. The burgers themselves, are well cooked and seasoned. Great flavor, the fries solid. I have no real complaints to levy the food, but I also lack a glowing praise of it. It has a similar vibe to the other restaurants in Las Vegas and San Francisco which share the same name, and does them credit in its execution of the burgers. If you're craving a large, juicy, tasty burger served with a pint of beer. (Something I often do at lunch!) This is a fantastic choice for that. Also, the Poutine Burger is something to see, I still don't know how to attack that one without making a mess!
4	There are a lot of burger places to choose from in town and I had yet to try Burger Bar.  I made my way down there with a couple of friends to check it out.The ambiance of the place was nice, great looking bar (although small), and cool decor.  It is a bit small though.  The food was definitely good.  I tried my friends goat cheese and vegetable salad and I had to say it had a lot of flavor.For the burgers there is a great list to choose from (lots of variety). I ended up getting the Supersonic Burger, which comes with three onion rings on top of the bun and jarlsberg cheese, bacon, banana peppers.  The portion was decent, plus you can choose a side salad or fries.  I chose the salad, and it was a healthy size as well.  Overall, the food is worth coming back for.As for drinks they have a great list of classic cocktails.  However, I ordered the Dark 'n Stormy, but they were out or ginger beer :(.  I had to settle for a Negroni which was very good, but strong (the way I like it).Service was good too.
5	Enormous burgers are eye popping, but how do they actually TASTE? That's what's important. Well, mine was amazing.I got the spicy burger with peppers, bacon, cheese... it was just insane.  I  thought about that burger for days after.  Juicy, great flavor, then peppers were a great touch.  Service was a little slow, but then again, restaurants move at a slower pace in Canada than they do in the States.Wasn't crazy about the accompanying salad I chose over the fries. I just felt obliged to go the salad route knowing this burger would put me at risk for clogged arteries as it is.Only annoying thing about the place... there were hornets flying around us constantly on the patio.  When the weather is nice in Montreal, you want to be outside, but it really was a nuisance.
5	On our second night on Montreal, we tried the Burger Bar. Camelia, our waitress rocked! She was very knowledgeable about the menu, fast and very friendly.The food was superb, one of the best burgers I've ever tried. The hamburger patty was very flavorful.Drinks. I had the beer LA FIN DU MONDE, it's actually good, first it feels like rotten but then it get's better, I am pretty sure after 3 beers you forget about the rotten aftertaste.   Overall, my really picky wife said going back is a no brainer.
4	Friendly staff and a great taste!We choose this place because they were advertising NFL football, we wanted to watch the Giants play, and they were eager to accommodate us.We sat at the bar and the staff was very friendly, gave us our space, never pressured us and allowed us to chose the football game to watch.By 2pm the place was getting crowded and the owner came over and started chatting with us about NFL football and suggested a few burgers to have.We started with their Cheese Sticks, a simple appetizer yet was very satisfying as far as Cheese Sticks go.At half time we ordered a the SuperSonic Burger  to split as we saw they had large portions.  It was a great burger; cooked to perfection and topped just right.  We got the Sweet Potato Fries and they were a little soggy rather than crispy, I wasn't thrilled with them but my wife enjoyed them.Overall, I found it to be a little pricey, but if you are looking for a great burger in Montreal this is the place to go.
3	Having been seated near the kitchen, you could see and hear that the cooks know what they're doing when it comes to grilling meat. That being said, this is a far cry from being my favorite burger, let alone a place I'd return to.The problem is the burgers are EXPENSIVE. When I dish out $15+ for a burger, it had better be a Lark Creek steakburger, or something like one. These burgers are good, but the quality toppings mask what is essentially just generic beef with too little seasoning. I expect more for this price.Beside the burgers, the cheese sticks are fantastic. Panko-breaded with salsa for dipping; they're a perfect appetizer. They also have some choice beers on tap, including a few Keith's like the Blond and IPA.I liked Burger Bar, but I really wanted to like it more. When your bill comes out to $60 though and you don't feel like you've been blown away by the meat, you've got to call a spade a spade and move on.
4	Ginormous burgers!  Such a cute place.... love the vibe and atmosphere.  Seriously, they have such a wide array of burgers to choose from.  My friend had the special that day, Shepard's Pie.  We were thinking it would be a Shepard's pie, as in the pie.  But it was a Shepard's Pie burger.... burger with the Shepard's Pie ingredients.  So good! Also ordered the HOT buffalo wings.  Wasn't hot enough for this Korean girl.  Tasty though.   It is a little pricey for burgers, but....they are good juicy burgers.  Service, a little slow because there was only one server taking care of about 7 parties.  She was a gem!
3	Although I'd been here before, and enjoyed my meal, this is my first review. I came here for lunch with a couple of girls from work. We walked in and the place was pretty much empty, which we were happy about because we didn't want to be too long. After being seated, we were given adequate time to look over the menu and make our decision. The waitress finally came over to get our orders; I went with the Jack Daniels BBQ burger with sweet potato fries. One of the previous times I had been, my boyfriend raved about the Jack Daniels burger, so I thought I'd give it a go. When we got our food, I was excited to dive in because I had been craving a burger all day. The burger was pretty good, however there was a flavour I couldn't pinpoint that I could've done without. The patty was cooked very well and was nice and juicy. I didn't taste much of the BBQ sauce which was a let-down, because if you're going to call it a Jack Daniels BBQ burger, make sure to load on the Jack Daniels BBQ sauce. The sweet potato fries were a tad dry, but they were served with a delicious spicy mayo that I couldn't get enough of. I piled it onto the fries and the burger. The meal itself was decent; it hit the spot, but the burger did leave something to be desired in that it lacked said Jack Daniels BBQ sauce.As for the service, our waitress seemed to have an attitude problem; when we were ready to pay and get back to work, she brought over our bills and as soon as one of my companions put down a debit card (without knowing they do NOT take interac), she made a snotty remark that "Oh we don't take debit here. That's why there's an ATM in the front". I should've offered her a napkin for the attitude dripping from her lip. After she got money from the ATM, we had to wait around for an additional 5 minutes, standing around the table, with our coats on, waiting for her to come back. If any of you have ever been, you will know that on the first floor, all tables are visible from behind the bar. She easily saw us waiting, and waiting, and waiting, but neglected to come over. We eventually just went to her and then left. She unfortunately left a bad taste in my mouth.
4	Liked it a lot.  We went here for burgers and beers for dinner and would come back here again.  The beer selection is sparse but the burgers are huge and perfectly cooked and accompanied with equally large sides.
4	Big and tasty! That's all i can say. The burgers are BIG, really BIG! But so so goooood! The wings are well marinated (both spicy and non spicy). Deserts are really tasty! I recommend the french toast, deep fried mars bar! They are too good! The burgers are a bit on the pricey side but they are good so I wouldn't mind paying a bit more. Service were great! Everytime I went, they were always super nice to me! (And I've been there a bunch of time!)
5	After a disappointing dinner the prior night  at a Chinese joint we were ready for some real meat. BB didn't disappoint. Seated promptly without reservations on a Saturday night at 5 PM. Started with some big beers, great burgers and a bottle of red wine to go down with the meat. Our first try of poutine. ( Fries with gravy and cheese. Otherwise known as the Montreal blood vessel clogger).  Best burgers we've had in years. We'll back next time we're in the area.
5	As good as it gets!  I got the Blue and it was the best burger that I've ever had.  Amazing service, food, and atmosphere... the patio is terrific too!Ask for Ben.  He gave us really good service....
2	The service was AWFUL!! let me elaborate: 1. we tried to use Groupon we had by showing it via our smart phone. They said we needed it printed out or they won't accept it. so the suggestion was 'either give them the printed version or COME BACK OTHER TIME'2. the server spilled my coke all over the table and never give me another bottle or any refill3. our Groupon promotion states that we are supposed to get 12 chicken wings. Only 9 were served. When we asked the server, she said that they 'go by pounds, not numbers' Seriously? how should we believe that? 4. It took a long time to get a check even though there were enough servers that we almost missed our movie5. Unsatisfied with the service, we barely left any tips. When the server saw that, she said 'DON'T COME BACK' to our face. FYI, I will NOT BE GOING BACK THERE. Never mind the food.
4	Recently was on vacation in Montreal, and enjoyed my burger experience here... considering I've ate burgers from all over the place.  I went with the Hangover Burger and was more than delighted with the amount of food!  Loved the poutine!  Paired off my meal with a bottle of La Fin Du Monde.  Definitely worth the visit!Thanks to Nastassia for serving us Americans... (i hope i remembered how to spell her name right!)
1	I joined Yelp just to give this dump a bad review. What horrible service. Ate there mid-afternoon during grand prix weekend. The restaurant was maybe half full, yet it still took a solid hour to get our less-than-mediocre burgers, which were dry and over compensated with crap toppings. Fries were cold & mushy and cooked in old/dirty oil . When issues were brought to managers attention (mostly related to time), she basically told us to F off. I only started feeling better about the situation after lingering around the entrance to point would-be-patrons away. If you read a positive review of this place, immediately write-off all other opinions of that individual.
4	Jai esseye se resto durant le burger week. Le grand gagant le burger avec poutine et oeuf mirroir cetais magique difficile a manger se qui agremente lexperience !
2	This place is pretty bad.  The waitresses are hot, but that's about all it has going for it.Some of the burgers are really gross, particularly the Hangover.  They are very tall and topped with all kind of fattening and high cholesterol toppings that don't really go properly on a hamburger.The drink service is also pretty bad, to the point where I re-ordered it because I assumed my waitress had forgotten.  Granted, I got a mixed drink, but 15 minutes is a little excessive.
1	Very bad experience.  Never go there again!!!!  We were 3 adults and 3 kids on a Monday night in July.  The restaurant was half full.  As we walked in, we did not feel welcomed.  We sat down and gave them two Tuango coupons which allowed us to 4 main courses up to a value of 20$ each according to the fine prints on the coupons. The waiter told us that we were only allowed to 4 burgers excluding tge foie gras burger at 25$ no matter what the coupon said.  Only one burger was priced at 20$.  If we changed the side dish, we had to pay extra even if the burger was at 13$ and the side dish at 2,95$.  We waited an hour to get our food.  I got mad when a group of 9 next to us ordered 10 minutes after us and got their food 15 minutes before us.  My kids got hungry and very impatient which is very normal.  When I complained to the waiter, he did not apologize and found stupid excuses that did not make sense.  The food is awful.  The meat had too much pepper.  I took the big one with the egg, bacon and poutine inside.  The burger was so tall that the waiter dropped it on the table and simply put it back.  I didn't want to wait for another hour for a new burger so I ate it. The fun experience of eating a burger is to be able yo hold it in your hands.  if yiou want to eat your burger here, you need a fork and a knife because it is very tall.  At the end, it took another 20 minutes to get the bill and he even overcharged for a side dish.  It is very expensive.  The mensrooms are horrible.  I went in to wash my hands regretted after.  Trying a new restaurant should be a very pleasant experience. Not a nightmare like we had.  By the way, most people around us left aver half of their burgers.  They merely touched their fries which are not fresh.  Overall, a burger McD would have been better, cheaper, more friendly and a lot faster!!!  We were there at 8 pm and left st 10:30 pm.  We did not take any dessert nor coffee.  If you can't give a decent service or honor your coupons, you should close your "shop"!!
4	If I could bring back one thing from my friend's bachelor party besides the gorgeous ladies, it would be this.  This may be one of, if not, the best burger I've ever had.  Before I begin, Burger Bar Crescent isn't for dainty little individuals or fussy health freaks who worry about the slight ounce of "oil" dripping from their burger.First off, these burgers are diesel.  The burger patty is thick, juicy, well-seasoned with a kick of pepper, and always cooked medium.  I got the "Goliath"  which came with TWO flavorful patties, bacon, cheese, topped off with lettuce and tomatoes and a side of fries.  The burger was almost the height of my head- I didn't know how to begin eating it.  A friend who also ordered it had to take one whole patty out because the burger was simply too big.  However you decide to eat it (as long as you aren't dissecting the burger) will not matter because these burgers are the real deal.   Even after drooling on my keyboard from just writing this review, I can only give this 4 stars simply because of the service.  The waitress, who was also quite attractive like most of Montreal, was rather inattentive and had some attitude problem.  Nonetheless, these burgers are amazing.  It's a bit pricey ($12-$18) but definitely worth it.  The atmosphere of the place was very nice as well so that was a plus.  Good place, great burgers, beautiful people- just try to get on the good side of the waitress and enjoy.
4	Delicious wholesome burgers, just be ready for the quantity that comes with the quality!
2	the place certainly has potential, i will give it that. I went on a Thursday night which seems to be a popular night of the week (my guess is happy hours?) anywho, we sat outside on the small patio that overlooked Crescent Street which was awesome aside from the fact that i had monstrous amounts of smoke billowing up my nose from the patrons down below (this is certainly not the restaurants fault but more of a little warning for people who want to sit outside)Service is awful. Our waitress was not friendly AT ALL and made us wait a good 25 minutes before she asked us what we would like to order (when we told her we only needed a few). As we were very patiently waiting, I was watching her pick her wedgie, constantly check her facebook on her cell phone, and towel slapping the bartender. Not once did she check on any of us outside until i aggressively tapped on the glass to motion her outside.Food was OK. It came out in good time however the burger and fries were cold. It was tasty ,as I ate the entire thing, but the fries were over salted and very mooshy. Like i said earlier, the place definitely has great potential. im hoping i just caught them on a bad night but be forewarned yelpers.
4	Amazing burgers and poutine! Would definitely go back.
4	Went on a busy Friday. Nice service and good food. Service was better than food....Montreal? Enjoy, but the area is for people in their twenties. Early twenties.
1	Waited about 1 hour to get food. The menu is the same as the 3 brewers. I would recommend going there instead.
4	Friends and I came here as a backup for dinner on Saturday night - heard the burgers were good so we were pretty excited. I ordered the original "mr personality" burger with no cheese, one friend the "baba" one the "jack Daniels burger" and one the wild shroom (veggie) burger. First let me say that the waiter was a beautiful man who was quite charming Next, the portions were HUMONGOUS   The burgers were so big you could not fit your mouth around it. The fries were fresh cut and delicious. The burger meat was to die for - definitely amazing. All my girlfriends liked their burger (although lots were left because it was so filling) but my veggie friend said her shroom burger was loose and fell apart and was too messy I do recommend this place but please go on an EMPTY stomach and don't try to eat politely haha All in all yum but I felt like a beached whale coming home - hence 4 stars.
5	Excellent! Great place! Goliath the best!, also great prices
4	Very tasty Jack Daniel's burger after conquering Mont Royal!!!  Good wings as well.
5	Awesome burgers, I would return if I ever went back to Montreal
2	Burger Bar scores very high on good ideas, but sadly, there's a lot of room for improvement comes execution time. That pretty much sums up my dinner experience there recently.All four of us were so excited about the menu and had a hard time deciding which burger to pick. Indeed everything sounded so adventurous and delicious!  I was particularly attracted by the `Supersonic` which promised onion rings on top of the burger, although in the end settled for the Jack Daniel`s BBQ burger (what can I say... I love dem bacon strips). The others picked the Wild `Shrooms, Bison and Sicilian. My BBQ burger was not great and I believe it may have to do with the fact that it was served lukewarm (though we were seated right in front of the kitchen and could see the lineup of burgers waiting to be distributed to the tables). The cheese was melted, but it was no longer hot. The beef patty, which should be a burger's centre of attention, could barely hold its own taste.  The sauce was alright, but could be a little sweeter (I realize this is totally a personal taste thing). The buns... did nothing to improve the overall taste. The only silver lining in the cloud was the bacon strip, which was appropriately crispy and juicy at the same time. After we finished our respective burgers, I made a comment, as politely as possible, `Well, my burger was alright, but... ` Two of them quickly chimed in with similar comments. At least one of us really liked their dinner - that's the one who ordered the bison burger.The fries were alright, certainly not memorable. The chicken wings with bbq sauce were unforgiveably bland.  The mixed green salad, on the other hand, was fresh and bountiful.  I was disappointed with the food, but we still had a decent time there. The place was comfortable, the servers were friendly and the washroom clean. Oh well... nobody's perfect, and Burger Bar is definitely one of them.
5	This place has fantastic ambiance, way more classy than you would expect from a burger joint. It has a great bar with a good selection of cocktails and drinks.The selection and quality of burgers is amazing! They are so creative with their toppings/fillings, ranging from classic comfort goodies all the way to high-end gormet ingredients.The poutine could be the gravy though (pun intended), the flavours and consistency are perfect to me.I'm thoroughly impressed and will come back here every time I'm visiting Montreal.
5	best burgers ive had period! ate twice here back to back when i was in montreal im from ny! (goliath is OMG!)
3	Went her before a Pink concert. I had the BabaGanoush burger, roasted pepper, portobello mushroom & eggplant. It had a great taste but be cause the burger was so high I had to eat it deconstructed. I wished I could taste all the flavours in one bite. My sister had the pulled pork, I would pass on that one, it was staked but it wasn't something I would crave or go out to get. We shared the poutine, it was a good side to our meal but wasn't the best I had and was pretty expensive for such a plain poutine. I know this will sound silly but the coleslaw was to die for! I seriously would order a plate of the slaw and be content. All in all a good meal but I wouldn't say it's the BEST burger in town. Try it out, rate or yourself:)
5	I'm always thinking about food but this place came to mind after a friend mentioned that she would be going up to Montreal. One of the first places I recommended was the Burger Bar. I distinctly remember the great experience I had here. I ordered the Jack Daniels BBQ burger and an order the grilled vegetable with chorizo poutine and split it with a friend. I can't even begin to describe the great flavor everything had. I stayed at this establishment for probably ... 5 hours. After the food and 2 pitchers of sangria later, we both felt like it was time well spent. If anyone is in that area, this place offers great service, great food, great sangria... A definite 5 star rating. The only recommendation would be, stick with the red sangria. The white sangria was good too but it felt too light and citrus-y. It would definitely make a good brunch drink. However the red sangria is a solid and delicious beverage.I will definitely visit this establishment again
4	Love the burgers, they have vegeterian option for almost all the burgers which is very rare in most of the restaurants. the best burger in montreal
4	Supersonic burger was great I recommend choosing the coleslaw as sidedish.  Service was fast
4	Great place for a burger, good service! The place is nice and clean and they have a big menu. Certainly will go back!!!! One of the nicest burger place downton.
4	I really really love Burger Bar Crescent. I'm a vegetarian and have often been dissatisfied with the soy based veggie burgers at other restaurants. Burger Bar makes their own veggie burger and it's delicious. I also love their sweet potato fries, although find that an extra $4 to replace the regular fries by them is a bit steep.I knocked off one star because of their food delivery. When you order a burger from Burger Bar it costs the same price and they don't give you any fries. I think they should either reduce the price or add fries, as most burger places send fries with their burger.Beyond that I would recommend this place, it's a great atmosphere (just a fun place for young people to hang out) in a great location and the staff is always very friendly.
5	Upscale burger joint,with a full bar, 2 storeys, on busy Crescent club/bar strip. All kinds of burgers including chicken,bison,your standard beef,dressed up,and my fave: the Samorai...spicy salmon,Japanese -style.  The noise level here is average earlier in the afternoon, but can quickly escalate to deafening as the place fills and livens up. Prices are quite reasonable,without drinks,otherwise add $10.00 more,per drink.
3	Perfectly located. Serves good burgers and reasonable prices. It's good food in a chill atmosphere. 4 or 5 stars are reserved for truly great restaurants, this place is definitely above average but nothing to be wowed. Food : the food is nothing short of satisfying. You have the simple burgers or the outstandingly American style over the top burgers, which are also awesome. Good selection of cocktails.Service : lots of flare, very nice and fast. KudosDecor/ambiance : nothing crazy, but you definitely do get the "bar" vibe. Very cool.
4	Amazing burgers.  The hangover is a monster: fried egg and poutine and a juicy thick beef patty.  I don't even know how to start with this burger... Staff was amazing and jokes with us.  Came to check up on us all night and refilling water/bringing us napkins.
5	BEST PLACE EVER. Service was amazing!! and the food was even better! Great prices! We went on a bachelorette night and the bride got a free drink!  going back asap
4	impressed with the great tasting burgers which are literally sky tall....to the extent that we couldnt figure out how to start working on our burgers....i had a Baba burger which is really really good!!! theres roasted red pepper, grilled portabello & eggplant & zucchini with balsamic reduction.patty was cooked to med rare, juicy and very flavorfulservice was slow on that night.. we were waiting for the food for more than half an hr.. servers are never to be seen around our table.appetizers are not recommended .. portions are too small to share and not very well presented .but the calamari with spicy mayo is kinda good...
5	Hands down the best burger I had! It was so big I didn't know how to eat the whole thing. But I did! :D I had the boss burger after the server recommended it to me for a first timer. They have a very nice patio. On a sunny day in Montreal go have a cold beer ad enjoy a burger on the patio :)
4	Ended up here two nights in a row. The first night, the kitchen had closed so we got a few drinks, all of which were great. The second night, we got there about 10 minutes before the kitchen closed and managed to order some food. Though we only got two orders of sweet potato fries. The fries were pretty good and the drinks were also well made.
4	This place is amazing! The burgers are so tall, so surprised. I took the Hangover Burger, which contained a mini poutine, onions, a fried egg and bacon in it. It was probably the best burger I ever had. I did not dare to touch the lower bread bun, since it was all soggy due to the caramelized onions. The ambiance is great, this burger would be something to take once in a while only, because it is so heavy.One advice, go there when very hungry! Because it will fill you up like crazy. My friend took the Quebecois burger with a side of sweet potato fries + a very spicy mayonnaise, which were delicious! I recommend this place to anyone who loves big fat juicy hamburgers :D
4	I've now been 4 times and I know I'll keeping coming back.The service is excellent, the food great & mom & I love the casual atmosphere. We've enjoyed everything we've ordered.
4	Happy hour is 4-7. I had the Mr Personality burger with sweet potato fries..my FAV!!  Was good in da belly!
4	Service was really great, the waiter recommended the big blue which was DELISH. I personally like blue cheese with my meat so this was to die for. I wish they had put just a tad bit more blue cheese sauce but no complaints there. I ordered it with mixed greens, which was alright, it balanced the meal out for me. For desert I had the deep fried mars bars which also tasted yummy :) I wish they would update the menu as often as they would take items off because I wanted to try the brownie which unfortunately they did not have.Other than that, service was decent , water was always full and staff was very personable. Location is great, right in downtown and there are plenty of pubs or restaurants around. Parking is fairly hard to find, you would have to pay by the hour if wanted close by the place.
4	First time in Montreal and it was over the Burger week so decided to have one there while passing by... And absolutely loved the bison burger!! I'maddicted to truffle and like mushrooms a lot so that was the perfect combination... Can only recommend it! I had a salad with it, which was OK however my friend had the coleslaw and that was yummy!!! Friendly staff! Wasn't too keen on decoration-layout of the restaurant hence the 4 stars.
4	Decent burgers with a modern interior located on one of Montreal's nicer streets- Rue Crescent. Great for big groups or even an intimate dinner. Waiters are friendly and helpful. It's always been packed every time I've gone so be sure to reserve if you're with a larger group. Also- Get the sweet potato fries. You won't regret it!
4	The burgers were delicious and service was great. I had the hangover burger and I definitely understand why. Egg, poutine, bacon, foir gras, and Quebec cheese curds, how can you go wrong?!
3	The burgers here were average. I tried the veggie burger and found the consistency to be a little too soft and quite difficult to eat with how highly piled the other toppings were. Then saving grace were the fiery peppers and sauce that came in my burger and really added the flavour. My tablemate enjoyed the beef burger with wild mushrooms but also felt that it was nothing special. The service was fantastic and all of the staff was extremely friendly! I wouldn't go out of my way to go again but maybe if I'm around crescent I'd pop in!
5	Service is good. Food is good. We had a great evening there. Perfect please to eat a great burger and to drink a good beer. The place won the prize of the best burger in town last year and it definitely deserves it! The Foie Gras burger is delicious. Maybe slightly overpriced but it worth it.
4	This was a great burger. Went here for dinner on a Friday night and got a table right away. I had a Philly Burger with poutine and husband had a Mr Personality with fries. The burgers, the fries, and the poutine were great! (Only time I've had poutine, so nothing to compare it to.)  The service was great, our waitress was so nice and made suggestions based on the most popular and her personal favorites.
5	Love it here!! The owner, manager, staff...all great people!! The atmosphere is great! Its really cool and relaxed. You feel really comfortable, the food is amazing!! My favorite burger and I tried near all of them is the firestorm! If you like spicy, you'll love it! It really is one of Montreal's premire burger spots! Enjoy!!
5	An amazing restaurant if you are a burger fan. Their appetizers are pretty awesome (beer battered onion rings)...drool. Their staff are very friendly, know the menu really well and are good at giving suggestions. They have interesting drinks and some insany burgers! If you have a big appetite like me, try the poutine burger..yup you heard right..poutine burger. The firestorm burger is awesome if you like spicy, but not so spicy that its not edible.
2	Overall my experience at Burger Bar was VERY disappointing. I had called to make reservations for a Saturday night. Without knowing there was going to be a hockey night that same night. So with that in mind, I knew it was going to be busy and loud. Yet not poorly managed! It started off bad by them not being able to find our reservation. I mentioned when I called and who I spoke with. Which those details made little to no difference to the careless hostess. So we had to sit at a table which the music was blasting in our ears and the door kept opening and closing letting the cold air in. Eventually we were moved to a slightly better table. When ordering our meals at 8:30pm, one of our burgers weren't available. Ok, so we chose something else. When both of our meals arrived, they were well prepared, good and hot. So no complaints there.When we decided to order dessert, out of the 7 things they have in their menu, again three choices weren't available. One being a strawberry cheesecake and the other a Ben&Jerry's ice cream sundae. So we ordered the fried Mars bars. Which were good, but not great. They were clearly made in a rush. Again, disappointing! Especially on something so simple to make such as a fried Mars bar. My overall suggestion, DO NOT go on a very busy night. Such as a night when there's a hockey game or any type of show at the Bell Centre. This restaurant clearly cannot seem to handle large crowds very well. Not to mention that their floors both upstairs and downstairs were dangerously slippery!! Kindly dry or mop your floors and get a carpet for snowy/icy weather days.
5	My first experience at burger bar wasn't memorable. I gave it a second chance and boy it did not disappoint. My entire meal was great. Started with the onions rings, then took the boss burger. Bacon and egg on a burger cooked to perfection. The other highlight were the drinks. The barmaid made an excellent mojito and long island ice tea. Great job Camelia.
