1	Long story short: This company and their owner are very rude, disrespectful and insult their customers They do not follow through with the agreements set forth. Buyer beware, do not trust this company unless you want to be burned. Full Story: Called my home insurance company about a problem with my dishwasher. Tech came out in a couple of days. Upon the tech arriving I asked the tech to remove their shoes (or use booties) because we just had brand new carpet installed. The woman tech immediately copped an attitude with me and huffed and puffed and said "Well, I cant and won't do my job if I have to work with a dishwasher and no shoes. No way." all, while huffing and puffing. Ok, not off to a good start. She then inspected the dishwasher with an attitude, banging stuff around. Finally found the issue - bad control board. She ordered the board and said the office would call back when she found the availability of the board that afternoon or the next day. A week later WE have to hunt them down and ask them the status of the control board. They finally got the board and scheduled a time to install from 8am-12pm on a Saturday. 12:15pm rolls around and we call them and then ask for "Dave"  the owner. A male answers and says "WHOS THIS?!?!" - what a nice way to answer your business phone, buddy. After some back and forth he says that they never stated 8am-12pm and that its going to be between 12pm-5pm and that they're backed up (did not say sorry, or anything). He then gets an attitude with my wife because he informs her that it's our fault for not listening correctly to his rep the day before. Seriously, who says that to a customer? She informs him that we had cancelled our morning plans to account for the service tech and now this completely ruins our plans for today as we have to cancel afternoon plans as well. Connection gets muffled and my wife cant hear anything, she hangs up. He calls back in about 2 minutes and I pick up. He immediately asks me if my wife always hangs up on service technicians. WOW, really? Did he just say that? I inform him that she's frustrated because no one called and we were given the wrong information so now we have wasted our day waiting for service. He didnt care and said "well thats not our fault, we said 12pm-5pm". I informed him that that is not what she heard and she is very precise. He then tells me to stop insulting his wife because thats who my wife spoke to last night to confirm the appointment and he was apparently sitting there next to her. I pause, wait, and then ask ... "well, ok, whats the next step I need to get this fixed." He says "Well I dont appreciate being hung up on and having my wife treated this way." I inform him that we simply dont like the way he's treating us and informed him that if he wanted to keep it up I'd call the insurance company and complain about his company (which would give him a lower ranking on service calls). He says "Go ahead, they wont do nothing, I've been with them for 30 years, they wont do nothing." Me: "Hmmm, ok, whatever, I need to get this fixed, whats the next step." Him: "Well, if your doing with this man to man pissing match, then maybe we can do it." Again I inform him he has a terrible attitude and I just want to get it fixed. He then says: "You know what, call the insurance company we're not doing anything for you." I tell him to take a flying leap. Thats the end of it. DO NOT EVER USE THIS COMPANY. No one should use a company who treats their customers like absolute garbage. Terrible Service. Terrible Attitude. Terrible all around.
1	This company is very rude. They will not even consider working with anyone on times and dates. Victoria, the gal that answers phones is very rude. I had set up an appointment. Told her there would be no verification call as I would be on a flight home. To send them regardless and I would be there. Got a call that appointment was canceled die to lack of verification call. Was told they were with BBB. Could not find them.  If you have a choice do not use them.
1	Unfortunately if you have a home warranty you are going to be forced to at least start with this company-BEWARE! I do not believe they are competent and have zero accountability or follow through with their clients. They know how to play the game with the home warranty company by periodically logging onto their computer and entering a note in the system to show they are still doing something. We had a burner go out on our Wolf Electric Stove; Dave came out with his wife. (October 24, 2014) They never looked underneath or preformed any test just said they would have to order a part from Wolf and it is shipped from CA and would call us within 2-3 days to schedule an installation.  Of course they wanted their $65.00 service fee right then. After a week had gone by I called them several times and only received an answering machine, despite leaving multiple messages no one returned my call. I even sent multiple emails to them and only when I called our Home Warranty Company to ask for a different contractor did I receive a return call on November 18th-one month since they first came out. He informed me that he would be out on November 20th to install the part and repair the cooktop. On November 20th he calls to say he just opened the box and the part was broken and would have to order it again, another 3 days from CA-sorry you won't have it fixed for Thanksgiving. Again, one week goes by and I again leave several messages with no reply or response. I call my Home Warranty Company again requesting another contractor and because they then call him he calls me back at 8pm on Sunday, December 10th. They were very surprised I answered the phone and stumbled around a lot finally saying they would be out the next morning between 8-12pm. I informed them the earliest I could be home would be 12:00pm-they informed me they couldn't be at my house at noon, what was my availability the rest of the week. They informed me then it would have to be December 13th....I was home when they arrived and Dave handed  me a refund check for my $65.00 stating that they didn't feel they could satisfy me and would not work on our claim.  I was actually relieved by this because  I had serious doubts and reservations on this companies  integrity or competency in even completing the work correctly.  They obviously do the majority of their business with home warranty companies because otherwise they would never be in business. If you are assigned this contractor just know you have recourse and should document everything.  This is a shady unprofessional company.
