5	Love this park, came upon it by accident looking for somewhere great to see fireworks! This will be our go to place every year while we live in NV
5	This is gonna be a short review. I guess I like this park a lot because it's my usual place to come to do sprints and various conditioning exercises. It's located right next to the Lone Mountain Trail, and across the street from a Metro Police Station. It is the in the Summerlin/NW area so it's a little more of an upscale area than most. The best thing about this park is that they have a staircase that has about 106 steps(I counted them the other night). There is nothing more difficult than doing sprints up this endless staircase. I really recommend this place to anyone who get's sick of the gym from time to time.
5	For the last 3 years, this park has been a huge part of my life. They got a massive staircase here that has exactly 106 steps. You will find me doing sprints up those steps all year round. During the summer I'll do them in 120 degree heat. During the winter I'll still be running up these steps even when they are covered in ice. During the flash floods, this place fills up real fast. So, try to avoid this place during the monsoon season. Also, after the monsoons end, you will see a lot of brown recluse spiders. I've never seen a scorpion here though, even though the guys who live in the apartments across the street complain about them all the time. The marshall is usually parked in the upper parking lot for the majority of the night. So, you got some security here. The restrooms are generally clean because no one ever uses them. I'm telling you, no one ever comes here for some reason unless they got an event going on. During summer months, it gets really hot and the heat gets trapped in this park due to it's crater-like shape. This place becomes a complete sauna, which may create opportunity for dehydration, and heat stroke. There are drinking fountains all over, but during the summer even the water that comes out is boiling hot. It's not pretty at all. Don't work out here, or do any high intensity conditioning unless you are in supreme shape. During my teenage years, I was an Olympic-Style Boxer and had to cut weight every single week. I used to have to wear those plastic sauna suits and sweat off 10-15 lbs a day. There was even some really awful times when I had to sweat off an excess of 25lbs. I gotta assume that all those years of abuse on my body somehow conditioned myself to be able to withstand heat and dehydration. Last summer I came here to run with a couple of my friends and they immediately started overheating and getting really dizzy. But, I was fine for some reason. So, I guess unless you are a boxer, wrestler, Bjj, or mma fighter I wouldn't recommend training here during summer. And believe me, during the summer I am always the only guy here. Nobody comes here until the 4th of July. That's the day when all the parking spaces are taken, and people start checking in on their yelp app. After that date, nobody comes here but me and the softball chicks. I guess because this park is located at the very top of the city, it is the ideal place to watch the fireworks. When I lived in California, we used to have local 4th of July events held by the city at big public parks like this one. I really wanna try to propose to the city that we could have an event here next 4th. Hopefully, I can get some support from the locals.
5	This is a fabulous park with, yes, majestic views of the valley.  I discovered it recently by accident after cycling in the neighborhood, trying to avoid the traffic going downhill Cheyenne after I rode it uphill to get some carbs at my favorite doughnut shop.  The park is located at Alexander and Hualapai Way, but basically takes up the block from Alexander to Gowan.  There are several baseball fields as well as playgrounds and a walking/running trail. *Training tip for cyclists/runners/walkers who want some hills:  Start as far east as you want, e.g. Cimarron, Buffalo, Durango, and go west, my friends. Gowan Rd. has well-marked bike lanes for you to travel on and the park's views when you get to the top are worth it.
4	My friends and I decided to meet here extremely early in the freezing cold and run and train like we had a marathon. (We didn't.) We ran around the neighborhood for 3 miles (usually 8-11 miles other mornings) then do many bootcamp-like drills involving the stairs and hills that surround the park. When I arrived it was still pitch black and this Poltergeist looking man in a truck was eyeing me like I was a victim. IMMEDIATELY I regretted checking in on Yelp and realized it was probably best if I check in AFTER, next time. Luckily he continued to drive and not stop to assault me and I was able to find my friends who were there earlier than our meet up time. PHEW!After running up and down those stairs and up the hills, I felt like I was going to throw up! Feeling like a weenie, I didn't tell anyone until a few others admitted that they wanted to throw up as well. Breathing heavy and dry heaving, I thought about what this stand up comedian said,"So listen to this. I'm at the gym. I'm looking around and everyone has their headphones on working out. One guy is struggling to bench this heavy ass weight. A woman is running on the treadmill sweating like crazy and I just stopped. I put down my weights and I just looked around and thought, 'Why are we doing this? Majority of us aren't pro athletes. We have no game, championship, or tournament approaching. What are we killing ourselves for?' Then I realized----it's to get through THE NEXT workout!" ---LOL--everyone in the audience laughed.But--its so true. I was thinking--why do I get up at 5am to torture myself to the point I wanna barf my wild apple pre-workout???? As I ran up my 7th hill, I looked at my shadow and my legs looked GREAT! "That's why!" I thought to myself, "So I can look hot!"
