5	Love this place! Awesome clothes. Washing them isn't always easy. Staff is ever so friendly and will even help you find their sale stuff if you let them know what you are looking for.
4	Francesca's is a fun store that is great to browse through.  They have lots of different clothing and accessories for women, along with lots of items that would be great as gifts.  The retail price of the clothing is reasonable although some items aren't of the best quality.  During some of their sales I have scored some very cute dresses!  I just recently wore one of them for new years eve.  Their shoes and bags aren't of the best quality so I tend to steer away from them.  The entire store is stocked to the brim with dresses, skirts, blouses, shoes, bags, jewelry, cute sentimental cards, and many things that would be cute gifts.  Even if you don't buy anything it is fun to walk around the store and look at their wares.  Its also on walnut street in shadyside where there is lots of other shopping.
4	I came to my first Francesca's when I was on shadyside at Pittsburgh during a short vacation. Once I walked in, I found a bunch of clothes and accessories that I wish I can own. If i could, I would love to buy the WHOLE store down! Even better, I found out while I was there that they had a chain back in where I lived (Cleveland, OH). That totally excited me!But as an FYI -- the pittsburgh shop had much much better style than the cleveland shop. Also, this is a boutique shop so it is not a very cheap store to shop at if you're hoping for some good steals.
4	Want fabulous costume jewelry for a fabulous price? Then Francesca's is where it's at. I love that the store organizes the jewelry by color, so I can easily head right to the racks with the hues I'm interested in that day. Everything is adorable, fashion forward and right on trend -- and sure to garner compliments whenever you wear it! Plus, the staff is always friendly and helpful. The clothing is cute too though I must admit I always go explicitly for the jewels!
4	This was one of the original - if not, the original! - Francesca's Collections in Pittsburgh. Compared to some of the newer locations, I like that this store is larger and has a lot more product. I always make a beeline to the jewelry section, and this location has a great selection. If you're an Anthropologie fan, make sure to check out Francesca's selection first! I bet you'll likely find something you love for a much cheaper price.
