5	This is a nice place to have in little Maricopa.  Its the only sushi option we've got, and luckily, it does not disappoint.  Let me say right away that I have only had the rolls.  The raw stuff has eluded me, so if you're wondering about how that is, sorry...I visit this place whenever I'm in a down mood, because the service and food here is excellent.  The prices are normal I guess for sushi places...I haven't been to any other so I don't really know.  The inside is quaint, not too frilly.  Comfortable for a meal alone or with folks.Every roll that I have had has been above expectations.  Absolutely excellent.  I never know what to order, so I tell the guy behind the counter what I'm in the mood for and he makes several suggestions.  He has been on point each time.  Every employee there has been awesome.  The cook always smiles and waves when you come in - makes you feel very welcome.I recommend the Maricopa roll (yup that's the name), the Dragon Roll, Killer Shrimp Roll, and the Dynamite roll.  Those are all the ones I've had so far and they are all especially tasty.  Fresh ingredients, well prepared, and great flavors.  The portion sizes are typical I suppose.  You might not get full, so you might want an appetizer.  Of these, I have only had the potstickers, which are one of the top 3 potstickers I've had.Their menu looks plentiful, so I'm sure you could find your favorite sushi here.  If you're a Maricopan and you like Sushi, do not be afraid to go here.  Its a great place where you will feel welcome and have an awesome meal.  Zero complaints equals five stars.
2	We were really excited that Say Sushi re-opened, but after we came by on a Sunday and they were closed we were disappointed. We wanted to support our small town and have dinner in town so we decided to try again. Tonight the place was busy with only one server. He was running around like crazy trying to help as best he could. We ordered a dinner salad and didn't finish half. The old dressing was rememberable, this was week and dry. Our sushi came and it wasn't horrible, but the rice was a little dry. When I went to the bathroom, the sink did not have hot water and was a little dirty.This place used to be a inexpensive choice with great quality food. Now their prices are the same as going to RA but without the atmosphere.I don't know if we will be back!
4	Re-opened under new management after being closed for approx. 6 months.  Larger portions of rolls, more fish, a little less pricey.  Vast improvement .
1	I've been here twice since the new management took over. I had an issue the second time, which unfortunately ruined my experience here. On their menu they have a vegetable roll at a certain price (I believe it was $4). I didn't want most of the ingredients in the roll, and just wanted the avocado. The food was decent, but my trouble started after I got the bill. They charged my almost $9 per roll. When I asked about this, they said there was an "extra charge" for avocado only. I asked them why they didn't tell me that when I placed my order since the extra charge wasn't on the menu. They replied by telling me they could comp my drinks to "help out". I told them it was offensive to suggest I couldn't afford the meal, paid the bill, and left. Good riddance to that place. I'd rather drive into town than deal with that BS.
3	I have been waiting to go here since I moved to Maricopa almost a year ago but it seemed like every time I stopped by they were closed.  Finally they got new management and somewhat normal hours so I was able to try it.  My first impression wasn't as great as I was expecting though.  I ordered a Sprite and when it came out it was just carbonation which, if you haven't tasted before, is pretty gross.  When the watiress came by again I asked for a different soda which she did bring but there was no apology for the carbonation.I ordered the Crunch Roll and my friend ordered the Flaming Lobster Roll and the Monkey Balls as an appetizer.  My roll came out first and it was actually really good.  A few minutes later the other roll came out and it was actually on fire which was pretty cool.  Then when we were about finished with everything the "appetizer" came out.  At this point we were full so we had one and then got a to go box to take the rest.Due to the fact that this is the only sushi place in town I'll go back for the rolls but I'll probably consider brining my own drink and appetizer if I want it to taste right and be there quickly.
4	Alright...  So when this place first opened it was mediocre at best.With some new management direction and a good Sushi chef (Manny)behind the counter, it has improved vastly.  What has changed...Hours... It is open from lunch on....Roll sizes... They are more manageable in size (around)Menu... Better selections and alphabetized!!!!Presentation... Proper plating is important!!And the most important part.... The SUSHI.Turnover is key to fresh fish and they see more of this now.The dragon roll and the fire lobster roll are favorites...The ingredients seem far better than before....Well worth a try if you are local....
5	We are from Philadelphia and, having moved to Maricopa,  were looking for good food choices. We stumbled upon Say Sushi and were very pleasantly surprised!  Great prices and service but more importantly very good food and portions!  We can't wait to go back!
1	It is official. Say Sushi in Maricopa has begun it's final death throes. No longer serving sushi or sashimi to order. Say WHAT? There is a buffet rack of mostly COOKED items and 3 low grade rolls where the bar used to be. $12 for all you can eat. So 3 months ago they fired a GREAT sushi chef who was the reason i kept coming back and seemed to have talent and vision. Now they have gone to a lackluster buffet style. Too bad. They almost turned it around.
4	Ok, another new owner!!!  I've been going here for 5 years and Say Sushi has had at least 3 that I know of.  This time I think they got it right.  New and larger rolls.  Plenty of hired help.  I hope the new owners stay.  This is the best place in Maricopa by far.
4	I'm not a sushi expert, but this was pretty good, and the price was reasonable.
4	I travel to Maricopa a few times a year to look at houses. The last time in town when we came for a closing settlement, which was a few days ago, my wife and I were looking for a sit-down place to eat, and my Real Estate agent recommended us Say Sushi. My first impression before going inside is that it's supposed to be a large restaurant, but once we walked in, we were warmly greeted by the friendly Japanese waitress, and the place is not as big as we expected, but it's just the right size with a comfortable feeling. We ordered the box lunches, and we were surprised about the portion and the freshness of the sashimi. Driving into town from LA, there are plenty of good Japanese restaurants there, but not the prices of Say Sushi. So very pleasantly surprised that this restaurant is smacked right in the middle of Maricopa. We will sure come back the next time we vist Maricopa.
4	So happy with our decision to come here this evening. Sushi in Maricopa made me a bit skeptical, but the food and service were amazing!! Strongly suggest the monkey balls.
4	This is one of our favorite places to eat in Maricopa. Always fresh, great quality sushi, friendly staff, and enjoyable experience overall.
4	We just moved out here to Maricopa and the food here is mostly mediocre, lots of fast food so when we walked into Say Sushi, we had low expectations. This place is incredible! Great sushi, and the staff is very friendly. They have great daily happy hour specials and all day HH on Tues, Thurs, and Sat. This is by far the best place to eat in Maricopa and is easily comparable to sushi places back home in San Diego! We look forward to becoming regulars here.
4	really good sushi, good customer service and speedy. rolls are good and decent price, they do need to add more rolls to their happy hour menu. been here several times and never dissapoints. i'm a happy customer
5	Awesome !
4	Okay food, but really only place in Maricopa so for what you get it is fine.  Wish it were a little cheaper though, but Sushi usually is expensive.
4	This place has some good sushi. Happen to see it driving back from the casino. I wish it was located in Phoenix.
4	I was a little apprehensive about ordering sushi in the absolute middle of the desert but they were actually good. The rolls were wrapped well and neatly presented.  They even have a loyalty punch card. I can't remember the name of that fried jalapeno roll that I had but it was amazing. Decent Nigiri. Good prices too!
5	Very nice staff, GREAT food! Try the Monkey Balls!
5	Great EVERYTHING!!! we ordered the California rolls, lettuce wraps, spring rolls and the Teriyaki beef dinner LOVED everything will be back for sure!
4	Say Sushi at least appears to have changed ownership several times since they opened. While the food was good, when they first opened the interior decor was similar to what you would expect at an airport. Sparse and uninviting. I understand there was even a buffet there for awhile? Well, the buffet is long gone and they have upgraded the decor vastly since the early days. The interior is now inviting and cozy. The food is good and the service as well. The udon soup is great, the rolls are always well prepared, the salads and bowls are good choices, and the sushi itself is tasty.
4	Always good and fresh. Great prices during happy hour. better and bigger selection of happy hour menu has been added, great little sushi joint, one of the best I have been to.
5	Great food great service clean environment hands down best place to eat in Maricopa
4	Really fresh sushi, and nicely priced during happy hour- which is when I came in to try this place. The staff is friendly and efficient and the sushi chef really knows his stuff; the sushi I had here are some of the best I've had in a very long time!
5	We Love say sushi! They never fail us! We have been going here for years and will continue too until we move out of maricopa.
3	I want to love this place, I do.  I want to love them because they are a small business, and they have a great lettuce wrap.  (It's really, really good.)  But I struggle, because of the service.My first time in, I called in a to-go order about 8:30 and was told they close at nine I have to be sure to be there.  I was there.  But really?  You are getting an order from a first time customer?  Isn't that worth staying a bit late for?Then, we went in and my family had sushi, I again, had lettuce wraps.  I ordered a salad, and not caring for seafood and having kids who are allergic, I was shocked that when I asked is it just cucumber and onion, and was given affirmation this is so, when it arrived with crab in it.REALLY?  If that had been for one of my kids, you could have killed them.I asked them to make a new one with no crab.  No can do.  WHAT?  You can't mix cucumbers and onions with a dressing?  No, because it has to "marinate".  Welll....okay.The green tea is ...ummmm....green alright.  Tastes like motor oil, but it is the color green.The fried rice is NOT fried, it is...just not.  nope.  No flavor.We asked for some things to come out as appetizers, they didn't.  We asked for dishes that never arrived.  Everything you ask special is met with "no we can't."  Hmmm...  isn't the customer always right?Then I asked if they make their own desserts...no, they microwave them.  Not at all what I wanted to hear.My husband loves some of the sushi, so the food is not terrible for the most part.  But if you want service...you are so in the wrong place.
5	Love, love, love this place! Great happy hour specials and the food is very good quality and delicious!
3	Tasty. Best in Maricopa, ha ha.  Good for take away, but the dinning room smells and has for awhile. If they fix that it would help a lot!
3	I mean, it's sushi in the middle of Arizona so one can't expect much. Everything is as I would expect. But I recommend it because it's a local small business, and they do their best to give the market a unique product.
4	I love sushi and have eaten all over the country but here in a little nothing town Maricopa,  AZ is this awesome hole in the wall with great people. Great delicious fresh food with great service.  My favorite is on daily special "spicy tuna", it is a must try.  If you have people who think sushi is gross then their spicy or teriyaki chicken bowls are  fantastic.. Enjoy.
5	Been here a couple of times now and have no complaints at all. The service has been above average and the food is excellent. The prices are cheaper than I am used to paying for quality sushi. I wish the dining area was a little larger, but hey, you can't have everything. Every time I am in Maricopa, I know where I will be eating.
5	It is a great sushi restaurant no matter where  you go. It's just good with great service. Everything is fresh with great taste. The test for me at any sushi place is spicy tuna - simple it tells you if the chef knows what they are doing. Sean, the chef is fantastic.
5	I was so impressed by the quality and presentation of the food and large portions!  The service was also excellent!  I live near San Diego and this ranks up there to the likes of Nobu!  Definitely a great find in the middle of nowhere while on business travels!
5	Never disappointed with Say Sushi! Great food every time I come here. Delicious happy hour specials. The servers always have a nice welcoming smile. Very clean environment. We always look forward to coming back for more!
4	We love Say Sushi! The staff is generally very welcoming, and even the chefs greet us as if we're old friends. Happy hour is the way to go for our family, and you get very inexpensive appetizers with sake bombers!
4	Been here multiple times, sushi is great, never leaves me looking for more.  Would love to see them expand their drink menu beyond saki, beer and wine, but very happy to have food options other then pizza, Mexican and fast food in Maricopa!
5	The best sushi we have ever had.  One of our favorite restaurants. Basically I don't like sushi any other place now.
4	Best sushi I have ever had. I highly recommend the crab delight roll & the monkey balls.
5	Let me just say WOW! I was introduced to this place with the chicken teriyaki.  SOOO GOOD and you totally get your money's worth. After several trips and much information I decided to try sushi here for the first time ever, like in my life, and was SOO SURPRISED! the tootsie rolls are amazing the las vegas rolls are to die for! Will go back every chance I get!
4	Nice little Sushi spot in Copa. The California Rolls and the Insanity Rolls are bomb. Had the Gyoza and Beef Bowl also. Both were excellent. Got to come back and try more stuff on the menu. The customer service could have been better, but overall this place is little hidden gem in Copa.
4	We ordered the Insanity Sushi Rolls and California Rolls. Both were very good for my first time eating sushi. Loved the Spicy Chicken bowl and the gyoza. Highly recommend this restaurant.  The food is delicious and artistic.  The only thing that wasn't so good was the waiter.  He never came back to see if we needed anything or if everything was okay.
4	A solid 4 stars, they are usually pretty good but occasionally have an off day. This is my go-to for sushi and I love their all day Happy Hour on Tuesday, Thursday, and Sundays. The sashimi is usually fresh and tasty, and I'm a fan of Barefoot - their house wine.
4	My wife and I decided to give this place a go for my belated birthday. Admittedly we have avoided this place because Maricopa resturants typically leave a lot to be desired.Much to my pleasant suprise Just Say Sushi was not a letdown. We ordered the 15 piece sashimi plate, a spicy tuna roll and a dragon roll with cucumber salad as a starter. Everything was quite good and the sashimi had really large cuts. My only complaint was with as busy as it was, with people waiting for tables and getting pickup non stop, a larger space would be of value.All in all Just Say Sushi was quite good. Not the best sushi in AZ but a very good option if you don't feel like trekking to Chandler.
4	I will be perfectly honest, I had really low expectations. Unfortunately Maricopa isn't really known for its amazing restaurants. Thankfully, I was very pleasantly surprised!    It's a small location and since it was Friday night, it was very busy. But we had some pretty good service and the staff was very nice.   We ordered their 15 piece sashimi plate and it was fresh and tasty. The slices were nice and thick. The tuna was a bit on the tough side, but that's a minor complaint.   The dragon roll was tasty. I could have done with the actual rice/crab part being so large though. It made the amount of eel seem small-ish. Which it wasnt. I just wanted less of the other stuff so I could enjoy the eel more.   Their spicy tuna and spicy crab rolls were delicious! The tuna had a really good kick to it, which I loooove. Their tempura shrimp roll was tasty too. Again, I wish there was less of everything else so I could enjoy the shrimp more.    The prices were very reasonable and they have happy hour specials as well. So we were able to stuff out faces without breaking the bank. Always a bonus.   This isn't the BEST sushi out there. But for a small little hole in the wall, it certainly is worth trying it out. We'll be back for sure! It's nice having a good place to eat so close to home.
5	We love Say Sushi!! Food is excellent! My husband loves the Chicken Katsu and the sashimi. I love the teriyaki chicken and the tempura. Everything is fresh.The decor and atmosphere is exactly like a typical restaurant in Japan which makes us feel like we stepped back in time to when we lived in Japan.This is a weekly stop for us!!
4	Cheap and really good.  It's not one of the elite best but really darn good, and a hundred times cheaper, and it's in Maricopa of all places.  Not worth a seep rate tripFrom out of town just for this, but worth regular stops when you're here.
5	The quality of the sushi at this place rivals some of the best places in Phoenix.  We're very lucky to have this here in Maricopa.  I eat here at least weekly.
5	Wonderful and fresh sushi. Great staff. Order the Chef special and you won't be sorry
5	We went to Say Sushi for happy hour and everything was wonderful!  The seaweed salad was fresh and tasty, the calamari was wonderful and the sushi rolls (spicy tuna and spicy salmon) were very good.  The service was excellent, too!  We will definitely return for dinner soon!
4	I love the Bento Box lunches, such a steal and always amazing!! The sashimi is always fresh, the green tea is wonderful, and recently they have hired more staff that are familiar with the food!
5	I am so amazed at how good this place is!  I have driven by it so many times and never even gave it a chance, because I've had so many bad food experiences in Maricopa.  One night we thought we would try it for happy hour.  It was amazing!  We have been back 3 times since then and will continue to go regularly.  The sushi is fresh and tastes great!  Everything we have had here from the sushi to sashimi to the monkey balls is delicious!  I like how you can see them making the sushi at the bar.  The service is always very good and they have good happy hour deals!  So glad to have a good restaurant in Maricopa!  Keep up the good work!
5	It's a nice small little place. The staff was very friendly they greet you when you walk in. It is very clean. They are always adding new things to their menu. I enjoy going there and eating whenever I get a chance.
1	I REALLY want to recommend this place. If you could figure out a way to just get their delicious food with no issues or dealings with the ownership, I say go for it. However, they happen to have the *worst* service I have ever seen. While the servers themselves have always treated me with respect and have been quick to get the right food, the owner is definitely *not* customer-minded.I regularly go here with my brother for lunch and on occasion with my wife. There have been a few occasions -- out of 20+ visits to this place -- where there was some kind of problem and we were treated with complete disrespect.Case in point: today, my brother took someone out here for their birthday. As he went to eat his last piece of sushi, he found a big, long jet-black hair. His server was there and he politely asked for a replacement piece. She agreed and apologetically left him. After several minutes, my brother threw in some money in the tip jar and noticed his server near the back by -- presumably -- the owner.He mentioned the piece he was waiting for and the server said she wouldn't be able to replace it. Surprised, he tried appealing to the owner and she spat back: "You can't eat your food and then ask me to replace it". An argument ensued where he defended his right to hair-free sushi and told her that the server saw it (removed the hair for him... a health-code violation perhaps?). The owner then yelled at the server for "not telling [her]" to which the server responded "well it could have been his hair"!This continued while in front of the birthday guest as they flat-out refused to replace the piece the server took with something fresh (and hair-free). I have to say I was completely floored that this kind of experience exists anywhere in this country with litigation, health departments and in the online world we live in.Clearly this is ABSOLUTELY ATROCIOUS customer service (this wasn't the first time). They are the only Japanese/sushi restaurant in town and again the food is -- for the price -- absolutely fantastic. However, until they up their service game, I can't recommend the place. These guys owe my brother big. I've also recommended he put in a complaint with the local health department.
