5	You like Thai? What's the best Thai restaurant in the city, Chao Phraya? Phaya Thai? Thai Grill? WRONG!!! It's THIS little hole in the wall on Cote des Neiges and Cote St. Catherine.I've dragged dozens of people in there, daring them to NOT call it the best Thai they've had in the city, and they universally come out agreeing with me. It's f---g delicious. Go try it.
2	I fully agree with D D.FAR FAR FAR from best Thai in Montreal..We ate there a while ago, we each had a basic main dish, it came with a soup that was too salty and tasted kinda old. The main dish didn't taste that good, wasn't impressed at all.The service was OK, felt a bit forced.The price was TOO MUCH, for 2 people I paid close to $40 without ordering drinks or dessert. Too bad for them Pho Lien is right down stairs, there's absolutely no reason for us to return to Talay Thai.However I have to say the decorations are pretty cool.
3	I came to Talay Thai on a Thursday night. There was only one server who was efficient and polite. Theres not much to really talk about the decor. They have only one big room that seats not more then a 100 people even. And they a have left some thai touches on the decor here and there. There were mostly couples seated that day so I guess the place does have a warm initimate feel to it. However the air was really damp and humid. I belive its probably not as big of a problem when in the summer they have windows and doors open. Anyway you should be a bit careful if your nose is congested. Anywhooo...Heres the main part. The Food: Average! I had fried chicken with veggies and Red curry. Werent as spicy they quality just average. The mango salad was my first try so I was quite delighted. It was soury and sweet and I liked it. They seemed to have beer and wine and a full bar too. Didnt try any of the drinks so cant comment. Definitely not THE BEST Thai restaurant in Montreal.
4	The plan tonight was to go to Pho Lien a good Vietnamese place which is right next door, but it was packed and my sister in law had a bit of a look of panic that she was only going to have soup to choose from.We took a chance and went to Talay Thai and WOW very good.  Having been to Thailand recently I must say the recipe's used tasted traditional and very flavorful.  We ordered about 5 dishes in total that we shared family style, and I only have great things to say about each of them.  The decor wasn't that authentic, but in the end we're there for the food right.A definite  repeat visit the next time I want to get my Thai on.
5	Amazing service!!! Amazing food!!! A must for all Thai food lovers!!!
4	When I was living in Montreal for slightly over a year, this restaurant was my go-to restaurant to get my South East Asian fix. I say "south east asian" because I grew up in Malaysia and could not find any Malaysian or Singaporean restaurants in Montreal.  This place is pure awesomeness. Serving size is huge. I often get the pad thai. I have had takeaways and eat-ins. Service is great. I miss this place.
3	Nothing special,ordinary decor, with some standard Eastern statuary thrown in.  Service is VERY slow, mainly due to the fact that there is only ONE server! As for the food, I'm not an expert, but, overall, it was OK, not great. The tum yum had a very distinct under taste of Heinz ketchup, and the mango, in the mango salad, was sour. As for the main dish, shrimp in coconut milk, it was more soup than  main course. Jasmine tea was served afterwards, and this was all part of a table d'hote for $17.95, before tax & tip. Not bad, but do not come here for a gourmet or expedient service , especially during busy lunch times or weekends.
4	Delicious food, poor serviceI came for lunch, and this place was packed!! I ordered lunch special #1- chicken red curry, which was delicious! The curry was great, lots of flavour, the mango salad was awesome and tangy and the spring roll was great. However, the service was horrible. There were 4 ppl in our group but they brought out the food for 3 while the 4th had to wait about 20 mins before their food came out. If you are not in a rush, this is a great place to eat, otherwise be warned.
4	Very good beef salad and sticky rice. I tend to order those two the most and of course together. Their beef with white wine sauce is very good too. My boyfriend loves their curry. I think it's pretty good but I just don't like curry. Service is fast and sometimes friendly. But Iits not an expensive resto so I don't expect fancy service. I care a lot more abou the food and I think this place is great.
3	I was craving for pad thai and this is the nearest thai restaurant in the neighbourhood here in Montreal. I got pad thai and its good. And the place you would feel the asian ambience. Its nice to come if you would go at night. Staff was really nice and friendly.
5	Very polite and nice service. My first time thai foods experience so can't judge too much but ok.
4	As a lover of Asian cuisine, I was delighted by the authenticity of this restaurant.The server was incredibly kind and very polite. He recommended the aneng curry w/ fried spring roll as I had expressed that I wanted a dish that was unlike the commonly popular Thai dishes. The meal consisted of red cury pastes, lime leaves, coconut milk, green beans, ground peanuts and chicken breast. The entree that was brought was delicious, with portions that were sizeable enough to enjoy but small enough to leave room for the main course. The aneng curry arrived just in time and was nothing short of pleasant. The flavours blended very well together and went well with what was left of the entree. My vegan friend enjoyed his Pad Thai and noted that it was some of the best thai food he has tried. The restaurant has a nice Asian ambience and I really enjoyed seeing one of the ladies on staff hand rolling the egg rolls at one of the tables behind us, it gave off a very authentic feel.
