4	The room itself is decent and was a last minute stay due to how late our flight got in. The hotel clerk was helpful in providing some food delivery options for us. The continental breakfast that was pretty good. It had way more options that just a danish and coffee.Another benefit, FREE WI-FI! Not a bad place to stay if around the airport.
5	Fantastic crew! I went to the wrong hotel, and the Shuttle guy and front desk were very kind, patient and helpful in figuring out where I was and where I needed to be.
3	Bed was awesome! Lots of pillows! Bathroom was kinda dingy with the caulking peeling and what looked like dry rot around the floor. Complimentary breakfast was decent. Little disappointed the shuttle only went to the airport and not to local restaurants.
4	Nice hotel staff. The cleaning crew comes early so be sure to set up an appointment to have room done so you don't miss an opportunity to have a clean room! I heard that they are going to remodel this year it would probably raise my review. Good free breakfast! Love the extras like walnuts, raisins, hard-boiled eggs. Gym is way way small so go early otherwise you will be crunched in.
5	We found ourselves stranded in Phoenix on our way to Dallas for Christmas, and instead of waiting 4 hours on hold, I dialed up Marriott, my favorite hotel chain (well, other than the Four Seasons, but let's be reasonable).  Phil was super friendly, gave me a great rate, even got the shuttle driver to head our way immediately.  He was kind and upgraded us, even though we were only there for a few hours to sleep.  The hotel was clean and comfortable, and it was just what we weary travelers needed.  Marriott never disappoints me!
1	The front desk called my room at 3 A.M. and woke me from a deep sleep and asked me to quiet down....they said a guest in an adjoining room complained, so they called rather then come by and check for the,selves.  The next morning I complained at the front desk and got a tepid, "I'm sorry!" unacceptable!! I travel for business all then time and this was not handled correctly. There was a woman's hair in the bathroom too when I checked in!
4	Located very close to Arizona State University, since you're so close to the college there are many bars and restaurants to choose from. If you fancy sports, you can visit the US airways arena and catch the Phoenix Suns basketball game and when in season go to Chase field to catch a game of baseball with the Diamondbacks.The downtown area is also only a few miles away. Now back to the hotel review. The rooms and clean and comfortable and as always the staff (Tim) are super friendly and do an awesome job greeting you and checking you in. The complimentary breakfast is simple yet filling and they always have coffee and tea available 24 hours. I didn't use the gym or pool this visit so I can't comment on it. I do enjoy the copies of USA today they provide in the morning, though it's not the wall street journal, its better than nothing.My only criticisms would be the indoor HVAC unit and LCD television. The HVACS are pretty noisy, but they do the job keeping the temperature just right. The television remote is slow to respond to channel changes.  Overall a pleasant experience and I would stay here again without hesitation
4	I stayed one night, due to a cancelled flight. I chose this hotel, amongst their suburban franchised homologues, cause it seemed to be the one that reunited the more, and the better, of their typical features (exercise room, pool, breakfast times ...).The room was all right, big for European standards and standard for a US hotel, with plenty of electrical sockets and even a "media hub" with plenty of connectors to hook your gadgets to the room TV. I only have two complaints. One is that a couple of HVAC units were right outside my window, I could sleep well but I would have preferred to do without the noise. Second, every time I went to the reception desk there was only one person there and they seem to have a lot of long phone calls so I always had to wait.
4	If you're looking for a hotel close to the airport, then this is a solid pick. To be totally honest, I never saw the hotel in the light of day - by the time we arrived it was already dark and we had to catch the 4am shuttle the next morning due to an early flight. The location is definitely industrial, which is typically to be expected of an area surrounding an airport, so don't expect a scenic paradise. Check in was a breeze, and the hotel offers all the standard amenities you would expect. Our room was a standard king, with a fairly spacious bathroom and a very dreamy bed. I seriously felt like I was sleeping on a cloud. To be fair, part of my bed infatuation might be attributed to my exhaustion from hiking in the Grand Canyon for a week. But either way, I will always have fond, fond memories of that Phoenix Airport Fairfield Inn bed.The hotel offers a free airport shuttle for guests, for which you sign up at the front desk. I believe it's every half hour, but double check with the staff to be sure. This was part of the hotel draw for us, since we had five in our party, three different flights, and only one rental car. I wouldn't choose this as a vacation spot, but it certainly served it's purpose for a clean place to lay my head with easy access to the Phoenix airport.
4	I review on multiple things including the room and the staff.  We stayed for a night traveling through Phoenix. The staff was super helpful and courteous. We've had some unfortunate events in or life and they softened the troubles with the willingness to help!! I could not connect to the internet at all even when I tried to pay so that was a bit of a bummer. Other than that, this hotel deserves every bit of a 5-star. The rooms were clean, the beds were comfortable.
4	Ended up here around 1:00 am last month with a hotel voucher from US Airways. PHX was a complete mess that night due to the rainstorms! There were multiple people in the same situation, and the staff member at the front desk remained jovial throughout the line of check-ins. Very important when travelers are super tired and impatient after experiencing delays and cancellations. I only stayed here a few hours, but it is better than camping out in the airport. Checked out early in the morning and the same staff member was still at the front desk on his shift, he was still energetic at that time!Very boring looking and basic hotel, both the exterior and guest rooms. Smallest hotel lobby I've ever seen. Overall this Fairfield is a decent hotel, but I would consider it on the lower end of the spectrum of what one expects from Marriott standards.Complimentary breakfast and airport shuttle (available 24/7).
1	Horrible front desk. Was given an accessible room (when I did not want or need one) for booking 3 months in advance. False claims of the shuttles to downtown. Horrible horrible.
