5	I was referred to Edgewood Dental Associates by a friend (who happens to be a doctor). My experience was so positive I feel compelled to pass on this great find. The staff is professional and friendly - they looked up what my insurance covered before I sat down.  They keep digital records (vs. old skewl film x-rays) and you can book your appointment online and do your paperwork in advance.  The office is clean and up-to-date. Plus, the reception area has nice amenities - espresso, current magazines etc.http://www.edgewooddentalassociates.com/
5	So random to review a dentist but I was blown away by how nice the staff was here, how easily it was to book an appointment and finally how NICE and MODERN the office was. If you hate the dentist like me but are looking for a trustworthy and knowledgable team this is your place!
5	I usually dread going to the dentist, but I had a really positive experience at Edgewood Dental Associates! It was easy to book the appointment and I was in and out quickly. The staff was friendly and the dentist was great! If you are looking for a dentist, I highly recommend checking them out!
5	I never write these reviews but I feel like this place should be noted. The people there are always extremely friendly, the office is clean and comfortable, and the experience was very enjoyable (and that's talking about going to the dentist). They even send you Christmas and birthday cards, just for going there. I really love it.
5	Who likes going to the dentist? Let's face it, no one. It had been so long...way too long since I had been to the dentist. I called to make an appt and the front staff was so accommodating and friendly, which immediately put me at ease. Before I continue, I have to say that I think our own energy has so much to do with our experience. I made sure to try my very best to be calm and relaxed when I went in. When you put off good vibes, it helps the people that are working with you feel calm too, which helps everything go more smoothly. I was so glad to find that they had BOSE headphones with Pandora for patients to use while getting their dental work. Once I realized I was in good hands I zoned out to my happy place with my favorite music. The dental work flew by. They numbed me up so well and kept checking in with me to make sure I was ok, which I really appreciated. Definitely glad I found Edgewood Dental!
5	I am so amazed at how amazing this dental office is!  They are so nice and professional and the office is immaculate!  The staff explained everything (including insurance coverage) thoroughly.  I didn't need to come back for a second appointment - they took care of my cavity on that same day.  In the past, I've had an examination and then another appointment in a week or two to get the tooth fixed.  I am very pleased that I switched to Edgewood Dental.
1	Let me start off by saying, I HATE the dentist.  It is my worst fear.  I came to Edgewood Dental after stellar reviews.. and let me tell you my first impression was amazing.  They were professional, so nice, easily scheduled me in and numbed me so much that I didn't feel a thing.  Although I had 7 cavities filled (my teeth are horrible) I felt good that they did a good job.  Flash forward 3 months later, I received a bill in the mail because my insurance downgraded and no longer covered white fillings.  First, I was very upset that I was never told of this downgrade.  I was given an estimate and paid on time in full - not sure when this changed or why I was never told by the office or insurance company.  Regardless, I called over 5 times to discuss a payment plan with the office.  When I first emailed them, I was told I could choose the amount with which I wanted to pay to cover the amount owed.  Then, I was told my amount was too low and would get a call back.  NEVER HEARD FROM THEM AGAIN.  I was very upset.  I emailed, and called so many times.  Meanwhile, I have always paid everything on time and as an upstanding person would never not pay a bill.  I have been sending them checks and they are cashing them and just not even saying a word.  Jerks.
5	Best dentist ever!!I had a stretch of maybe five years where I didn't go to the dentist at all. I was pretty anxious about going since it had been quite some time. My first time going to Edgewood Dental, everyone was really nice, respectful, and professional. No one criticized me or made me feel bad that I hadn't gone for awhile. The staff is also very knowledgeable and very open to any questions you have or anything you'd like to discuss with them.I now have been going twice a year, and it's pleasant experience (never thought I'd say that about the dentist!).  The office is very nice, clean, and modern. There are many nice "extras" such as free beverages (water, etc) in the lobby and I was even offered an iPod to listen to music when I had a filling done. They also have very flexible hours - open pretty early as well as late some evenings.I will most definitely keep going to Edgewood  Dental as long as I live in this area.
