5	Since, there isn't exactly a farmer's market in Las Vegas this is THE place to get great produce at albeit higher prices, but that's why you came here.. you didn't want hormone-injected and weird gas exposed food.
5	Convenient to this side of Vegas and while more expensive then the ubiquitous Albertson's, less expensive than Whole Foods.  I only wish we had some in the Bay Area to offer a little competition.
4	I only had to deduct a star for the prices and convenience, which I will explain. Now, not all of the store is overpriced, and the Wild Oats brand items are just as tasty and wholesome as the other, top-name products they sell. Wild Oats only carries items that are either organic or all-natural. Organic foods are certified that there are no fertilizers, pesticides, antibiotics, food additives, etc. This even extends so far as to what things end up in the soil the food grows in, or what feeds on the grass that grows from that soil, due to runoff. Certification is quite costly, though. Many farmers, though their foods are certifiable, simply cannot afford the documentation. Wow. Back on track here, sorry. Part of the reason organic foods are more expensive is because the farmers need to cover the costs from the foods they lost because their foods aren't pumped full of hormones and pesticies. And the convenience thing I promised to explain: due to the fact Wild Oats is strict on the wholesomeness of the items they carry, this is not one-stop shopping. For instance, you won't find Crisco here.But enough about all of that. I love this place. First of all, whenever you walk through the doors, you're greeted with the aromas of fresh fruits, handcrafted soaps, incense, and the floral department. Which makes me a happy shopper. They carry a wide variety of artisan breads, vegan cookies (they're actually good!), coffees, fruit & veggies, and meats, fish, and poultry. This is the best place to find fresh, not frozen, ground bison. They have a bulk food section, and the unsulfured, dried papaya strips they carry are awesome.The cafe is a fun, unique way to enjoy a wide variety of items, from pizza to curried chicken salad to stuffed grape leaves. The coffees they serve are excellent (Frank Sumatra!), and their smoothies are the best. The "Velvet Papaya" is my favorite.They carry a lot of cool soaps, too. And the people who work the natural living section are always friendly and knowledgeable.
3	This Wild Oats has actually been here for a while, a little bit before the Whole Foods craze hit.  I've stopped by to pick up vitamins and produce from time to time as they're the only place to carry a lot of items - or, rather, they were.  This location is out of the way and, seriously, if there's one thing that Sunflower Market taught us it was that one does not have to jack up the price of produce just because it' good produce.  Wild Oats would have gotten  much better review out of me if Sunflower hadn't have popped up.  It's a little too pretentious and pricey to warrant the drive.
4	i heart wild oats.  they have great fresh produce considering the fact that we're in vegas.  you can find some really great food here.  i shop at tj's more though, because the prices are better for things that i buy more often.  they have good fresh fish...but you will spend a good amount of money on it!
