5	The new Arcadia Crossing location in Phoenix is in the old Ultimate Electronics store. The new location is very impressive. The store inventory is not as heavy as the two other locations, however the store is neat and well stocked. There is something for everyone (men, women, girls, boys, toddler and infants). There is a baby depot department for the young ones. It is easy to walk around the store because the aisles are neat and organized. Dress sizes are in order to find your selection with no problems. There is plenty of cashier help to avoid the long lines. This location is smaller then AZ Mills but it is a perfect fit for the area as this area needed a department store. Price point is perfect to gather name brand shoes, clothes and other items to fit all budgets. The customer service is impressive. I was very happy with the level of customer service from the floor staff who greeted me and made me feel welcome.There is plenty of parking because this is location is near a shopping center that includes a Costco, Fry's Grocery Store, Target and Ross.
1	It was nice to see something open in the storefront that has been vacant for years, but the store was so disappointing.  We went twice since it opened and didn't even feel tempted by anything in the whole store.
1	It is what it is....an off-price retailer of outerwear in the desert. Good prices for mediocre goods. I'd go to Ross first folks!
2	This is a new store in my favorite local shopping mall so I had high hopes. Annoying: The clothes racks are all over filled and hard to browse through without two free hands. I broke a few coat hangers trying to push clothes apart. The clothes selection is not really my style. I find a lot more next door at Ross. Customer service? None- not one person came up to me in the entire two hours I shopped. Fitting room experience- (Me with a cart filled with clothes)- "How many items can I bring in?" Employee- "I don't know. I think 9?"  (Well could you find out?!) After trying on the first nine items and showing the fitting room employee that the rest were all bathing suits, she didn't say a word. I grabbed the handfull of bathing suits and soon discovered that the top and bottoms are connected with security tags so you can't try them on!!! What????? I was getting really frustrated because there was NO air in the fitting room and it was hot!! I tried on a few bathing suit tops with the stupid bottoms and tags hanging from them and then tried on the bottoms with the tops and tags hanging. I have NEVER experienced this nonsense in all my shopping. When I walked out of the fitting room and handed the four young employees, who were just standing there, my unwanted bathing suits, I told them I couldn't even try them on. One girl said, "You have to ask one of us for the key to take off the tags." NOW you tell me??!! Overall this was NOT a good first shopping experience.
