3	First, I will say that the store itself was nice and had a great selection as usual with any H&M. My one and only complaint are the employees. Damn, did you all share a puppy that got ran over right before you all got to work??? Terrible customer service, no one even acknowledged any of the shoppers in store, and we had to listen to one of the employees trying to rap one of Nicki Minaj's verses from whatever song that was playing. She obviously didn't know the whole song because only random words were being shouted out... anyway, not the point. Finally, when I was done I took my items to the counter and another shopper and I (out of the total 5 people in the store) had to wait a while for a guy that forced himself to speak. "SIIIIIIIIGH, did you find everything you were looking for?". Pretty much the only thing I couldn't find was customer service.
1	Lousiest  H&M customer service i've ever experienced! Picked out some grey outfit & i was looking for a tie that's close to grey. I asked an employee by the name of Jaclyn where the ties were. All she said was ties  would be in the suit area & all they have is maroon & black. She didn't bother showing me exactly where they were as she was too busy lollygagging with another employee. I went to the suit area & it turns out they have a bunch of grey shaded ties hanging across from the black & maroons. So disappointed with the service at this H & M. By the way, none of the employees ever smiled nor greeted their customers...Horrible service!
2	Love H&M but hate the costumer service, or rather lack there of, at the Mill Mall store.  If you want to go to H&M and actually enjoy shopping there I recommend going up to the one at the Scottsdale Mall.
1	Do not come here unless you are 100% positive you will not need any assistance. Also expect to wait at least 10 minutes in line at the check out. I used to work here and many times we were so short staffed that there was literally no one available to help anyone because we were all so busy with tasks. They are always (I repeat ALWAYS) short staffed and the store is usually a mess. The selection at this location is not the same as the others- AZ Mills is an outlet mall so many times we would get things way later, if at all. If you really want to go to a good H&M I suggest any other location besides this one.Also. Don't ever work here. Don't even think about it. I have had plenty of jobs and this is by far the worst. Staying until 1am on a slow Sunday when the mall closed at 7? Ridiculous.
2	I said it once and I'll say it a million times more. HM has one of the worst costumer service out there, but I guess it matches the low quality of product.  I only shop here on emergencies.
