4	Man, this place takes me back to the times when sandwich shops were family owned and weren't part of some kinda chain. The place is small, but the food is excellent, served on bread or focaccia. The ingredients taste quite fresh, not broken out of deep freeze like a lot of sub places, although no subs here, which is nice for a change. For a nice treat, there is Baklava available for desert.The Greek owner/manager is very friendly, and there is cafe seating out on the street, although like most places out here, I wonder why anyone wants to sit by a huge street or parking lot!! My only complaint is the rather unpredictable closing hours. Thanks for adding some local flavor to the area, Sidewalk Cafe.
5	For sandwiches and salad-fare this place is affordable, fresh, delicious and one-of-a-kind - a must try for anyone in the 'hood or interested in trying something new.  The Veggie Kookoo is excellent and something new in my fairly large vegetarian repetoire of dishes.  Likewise, the Cutlets (beef, peas...chickpeas, i think, potato, onion) is also very flavorful, impressive, and a new discovery in my world of food, which obviously hasn't included much Iranian food.  I have also sampled the Chicken Pesto, which is tender and flavorful, though less intriguing to the tastebuds as the other two sandwiches and the Olovie (a shredded chicken salad mixed with kalamata olives and a bunch of other goodies), also good.  My boyfriend tells me the hummus here is the best he's ever had, but I've yet to try it.  Oh, wait, the coffee is also excellent, no burnt Starbucks taste here.  One last thing, I enjoy the congruity in design between the interior and exterior.  Have I mentioned, I like the place?As mentioned in the previous review, the only downer are the unreliable hours of operation.  And I am predicting that once this place catches on, a future downer might be the wait and the limited seating (I have no idea what it's like for lunch).  Get ready to hire more staff, Mike!
4	The restaurant was great!  I ate there for lunch today with a colleague.  I order the veggie kookoo and was very pleased!  My colleague had a chicken pesto sandwich, and she was also happy.  The baklava she ordered was microwaved on the spot, so it was served warm.  There is a nice array of bottled beverages to choose from, including diet iced teas, sparkling juices, and yogurt drinks.  The cook also offered us a variety of healthy chips.  The place is small, and it looks pretty inside, especially the flat screen tv with CNN showing.  I will definitely be back!
5	Yum, this place is great! I get the pesto chicken on a pita with cheese and roasted red peppers and it's awesome. Not to mention the owner is super nice, I just wish there was one of these closer to my house in Mesa
4	I'm just finishing up eating as I write this.Let me start by saying that this place is tiny, and I mean TINY. 3 tables and 6 bar stools tiny. But the food is GOOD.I had the Gyro (a usual safe bet and item to judge by) and was very happy to see the meat carved right off the spit in the kitchen.  Wrapped in a nice fresh pita, with an nice tangy tatziki that was enough to get some in every bite, but not overpowering. The gyro was topped off with some chopped lettuce (not iceburg) and to my suprize pickle halves. Yummm.The fries were cooked to order, but needed salt and un remarkable.The menu offers breakfast all day and one of the lunch items is Beef Tongue (that Jeff wants to go try).
5	Great. Great. Great.This place is sparkling clean, friendly and convenient.  It is a little hard to notice from a drive down Uni but do yourself the favor.When I went in, the owner, Merlin, was making fresh tzatziki sauce by hand from fresh cucs.  He explained that most of their dressings and sauces they make by hand, including the garlicky and delicious pesto.Their menu is a cross between deli and Greek, which serves many lunch tastes.  They also have an excellent selection of sodas and sides to satisfy.Next time I'm getting the veggie kookoo, a garden patty that he makes by hand which sounds delicious.
5	Lil' update:  The veggie koo koo is amazing, kind of like an Iranian quiche or frittata, less eggy though and more herby.  Delicious and healthy.  The hummus is also made by hand and is wonderful.When I walked in there were 5 Tempe cops finishing up their lunch.  You know a place is good if cops eat there in groups.  Perfect for lunch.
5	I love this place. I was in Tempe a few weeks ago and I saw the reviews on Yelp. I ended up eating there twice in 4 days and taking a friend, who confirmed my love for the place. Excellent food. I tried the veggie koo koo and gyro sandwich and devoured both with plenty of oohs and ahhs. I took hummus and pita home for later. It was awesome, and I'm quite a hummus snob. The owner was so nice. He gave me yummy fresh cantaloupe slices both times, which tasted wonderful after the flavorful sandwiches. He also gave me a sample of the saffron ice cream. Yum, yum, yum. I left my water bottle there the second time I went, and my friend in Tempe just went in and retrieved it for me. Someone tried to claim it, but he remembered me and didn't give it to her. I love that man. Seriously, I want him to be my grandpa. I would be so fat and happy. It's probably good that I don't live there.
5	I found a new place to stuff myself silly.  Seriously, the portions are huge, fresh, and filling.  I walked in and right away the owner made me feel welcome.  He cares and you can tell.  I love that.  I also love the modern feel of the whole building that houses Sidewalk Cafe.  There are only a couple tables inside in addition to counter seating, so it's a quaint little operation.  There's also a couple small round tables outside, which I would love to see more of in this city- oh, I just got it, SIDEWALK Cafe.  I'm perceptive. Anyway, now for the good stuff.  I had the falafel sandwich.  It was full of huge pieces of falafel.  I kept thinking it was going to be over and every time I peeled back some more paper there was more freakin' sandwich.  I didn't want to be wasteful, but I was going to explode if I didn't get a to-go box for later.  If you're a big eater, this is your spot.
1	This place is closed...and there is a for sale sign in the window...just when i was going to try this place.
