5	Best breakfast in Tempe by far! Great quality food and friendly service will definitely keep me coming back! This breakfast spot is  family owned and they are amazing people. You'll probably see the owner Craig in there running around with lots of energy. EXTREMELY nice guy. This place is definitely what Tempe needed and I can't wait to make this my weekly spot!
5	I love Orange table I am so happy they made the move to tempe. The food and drinks are amazing very unique menu. Its a feel good family owed restaurant.  Service is very friendly. John makes the best chai latte.
5	Been going to The Orange Table for years and I couldn't be happier that they're now close enough to walk! NCOUNTER CAN SUCK IT. This will be my breakfast spot from now on. Sunday Funday anyone?
5	The only bad thing about one of my favorite restaurants was that it was too far away from me. Tempe is a much better place for this hip breakfast lunch bar. Some of the best breakfast around. The green flannel is phenomenal.
5	The old best brunch place is Scottsdale is now the new best brunch place in Tempe. Try one of the Hashes or Flannels or whatever the hell you want. You really can't go wrong.
5	The jalapeno pecan pancakes are unreal!! The environment and service are great. Just make to get there early on the weekeneds. This place is always  packed.
5	I LOVE this place! I am so glad they are in Tempe.
5	I live and work in the area and I'm so glad that Orange Table is now in Tempe instead of Scottsdale. My favorite breakfast is the Green Flannel. It's sort of a corned beef hash on steroids. They have full table service and the staff is super friendly. The patrons are an even mix of ASU students, faculty, locals and tourists. You can go wrong with this restaurant!
5	This was my first experience at Orange Table and I found it delightful. There was plenty of seating for groups of all sizes, $1 coffee and $2 latte specials and it had a business casual atmostphere. I had the hatch omelette. It was delicious and if you like spicy food this is the meal for you. They aren't kidding around with the hatch green chiles. In AZ i.am used to mild green chile so i was a bit taken aback but the chicken and sweet onions counter balanced beautifully. What will.make.me want to come in everyday though, is the bacon!! I ordered a side of bacon and OMG it practically melted in my mouth. It was perfectly cooked and crunchy and felt like a treat. I think I have found my new breakfast-as-lunch spot. There was a diverse breakfast/lunch menu and you could tell they were excited to be near campus because they had created (or renamed) a few menu items to show off their Sun Devil pride. This is a create addition to the Downtown Tempe District and students, staff, families and tourists will all enjoy Orange Table
5	I have a new favorite in my yelp profile, it is the corned beef hash with chimichurri sauce at the new location of Orange Table in Tempe. I had heard about their hash for years but had not wanted to brave the legendary crowd of people at their Scottsdale location, now I know, I missed out.  I talked with John, the GM for this location, and he told me the hash was made from scratch - generally, I like the stuff from the can better but not now, their hash here is the best, and this is coming from a hash hound (and that is not meant as a drug reference, though I do live in Tempe). I got the sourdough toast and the bread they use is a cut above - nice and crispy and thick and you get several types of jam to go with your toast, just ask. As for what is chimichurri sauce, it is a sauce of fresh herbs, olive oil and vinegar that comes from Argentina and is generally slathered on steaks - who knew this cross-cultural mash-up of my beloved hash and this sauce would be so off the hook, certainly not I! John (the GM) noted that one of the guys from the Pig and Pickle comes every week for this dish so give it a try - oh, they do add some jalapeno to it so it has a slight kick but nothing too much - just gives it that Arizona swing, you know? As for cost, the hash, with two eggs and toast is $11.75 - and the various coffee drinks are reasonable but expect about $15 to $20 for breakfast - not bad for a good breakfast. John noted that Saturday was still slow so hey yelpers, get out their and give it a try if your someone like me not willing to brave the old town Scottsdale region for a better than average breakfast - better yet, you can easily walk to here from the light rail - get off at the Transportation center by the Sun Devil. stadium and it is like a 3 minute walk. :-)
5	This place recently moved from Scottsdale to Tempe. This is my first visit here. The food is really good. My omelette was one of the best I ever had.  The place is bustling with people - testimony to how good it is.  The bf had the Greek omelette and he said "it was a substantial and satisfying meal." Now that we are all fueled up, we are ready to tackle the day.
5	We had 4 delicious meals at Orange Table Tempe today. The food was fresh and the service was outstanding. We are so happy you are close to ASU campus and will definitely be back for more great breakfasts /brunches lunches.
5	This will be an as served review. Just received my giant cup of coffee and it's great. My wife is enjoying a morning mimosa. Very quaint restaurant, really convenient to the Residence Inn and ASU for an early breakfast. Service has been real pleasant. Next....the meal. Ok....did you feel the 20 minute delay? I was enjoying a great breakfast with a surprisingly good tasting Schreiders sausage (I never had these before). Wife is having these 2 huge banana nut pancakes and loving them. This is really good chinch!!! The breakfast potatoes are well worth ordering with breakfast.
3	I'm rather asunder about Orange Table, but truthfully could be easily swayed to give 5 stars.  First, the people here have a rather eccentric air about them, not in a bad way but more like they're more concerned about operating the restaurant than they are about their customers.  Secondly, I can't give 5 stars to any restaurant whom only has artificial sweeteners and sugar, it's 2014 everyone save for Circle K and Taco Bell should have stevia or monk fruit that's all there is to it.  Third, the menu has all of the pieces but the execution isn't there, I received cold partial raw potatoes and the manager said he get he new ones and never did.  Lastly, the seating in every facet is awkward, not terribly comfortable, arranged in an uncomfortable manor where you feel either in the way or like your having a meal with the person at the next table just awkward.  On to the positive, televisions are a plus, latte is great, eggs are brilliant, decor is refreshing, local amazing, parking great.  Like I said, this place is a few alterations away from 5 stars.
4	Really liked this place when they were in Scottsdale and we would go in occasionally.  Thought they sold and closed but realized one of the owners reopened in Tempe.  Went in for eggs and bacon and berry waffles.  Also, the mushroom omelet, mimosa, and Americano.  Everything was good.  I think it will get more refined as they work out the kinks.  The staff is great and look forward to going back.
5	The other reviewers weren't messing around. This place is awesome. I had the Greek omelet with egg whites, a mimosa, and a coffee, all of which were delish. I especially liked that the mimosa was made with both orange juice and grapefruit juice to  lessen the overall sweetness of the drink. Great brunch.
5	We're always looking for great new breakfast places and this one didn't disappoint. I had the corned beef hash and it was yummy. They have wonderful adult beverages if you like to enjoy those during brunch. The owners are great and treat you like family. It happened to be ASU homecoming weekend and we appreciated that they played the ASU fight song over the restaurant speakers. We'll definitely be back.
5	When it was in Scottsdale, "Orange Table" was our favorite brunch spot.Now that it's in Tempe ... it's still our favorite brunch spot.Man my wife and I love this place.  We went on an ASU game day, and it's right near the stadium so it was very busy, but the manager helped us find parking and even saved us a table on the patio so we could bring our dog.Then when we ordered two sides of bacon, he brought us a third one on the house!The food is extraordinarily good.  The Wildberry Pancakes, the Brunch Burger, the Veggie Hash...all of it is amazing.  Definitely give this place a try.  I'd be shocked if you are disappointed.
2	Service was slow, food was not well-cooked, and the prices were too high for the food we received and ambiance we experienced. The wait staff was pleasant and the menu was promising, but everything just felt disorganized and not quite put-together. I feel that maybe in a few months they'll have their "stuff" together a little better, but as of today I feel they charged far too much for the experience they were offering.
1	We came here on a busy Sunday and grabbed a seat at the bar.  We got our drinks and placed our food order soon after.  After waiting for our food for over an hour and seeing people who had arrived after us get their food, we stopped the bartender to ask about our order.  He acted defensive and said he would check on it.  Turns out the kitchen never got our order.  He didn't offer an apology and seemed to have an ambivalent attitude about the situation.  As a result we decided just to leave.
1	I wanted to like this place.  I cruised the menu a few times and was excited to give this place a try. So after being seated we sat unattended for more than 10 minutes. We were looking around trying to make eye contact with the wait staff, nothing. There was no obvious reason for this. There was plenty of wait staff and it wasn't a full house by any measure.  I walked up to a waitress and asked if your table had a waiter.  I few minutes later the same waitress came and took our order with apologies. At this point it's still all good. I ordered the garlic mushroom omelette and the Mexican mocha latte. The omelette was plated on top of the garlic sauce. As soon as I touched the sauce with my fork I knew by the skin on the surface that the food was cold. The side of potatoes were unimpressive as well - looked liked the portion was scrapped together and included inedible pieces of potatoes and what I think were onions. My friend really liked her sandwich. I was disappointed enough for the both of us.     So would I eat here again? The short answer is no thanks. If a friend suggested it and I couldn't talked them out of it I'd give it another try.
5	Excellent experience! Very friendly staff, lively atmosphere, amazing food-get the jalepeno pancakes and Mexican Latte; very unique and delicious. For lunch, get one of their chicken salads, but be prepared to take 1/2 back to the office...they are generous portions.  Another time I had their egg white omelet for lunch and it was light and I felt good going back to work. In short, if you are in the ASU/Tempe area, you must check out this place!
1	This was my first and last time at Orange Table. I showed up a minute or two after my friends only for the server to pay little to no attention to me, I was never given a menu to look at, never got to order a drink and when I did got the wrong thing, ordered the stake & eggs that should have come with chimichurri as it said on the menu in the name of the dish but got none. The server never asked how I wanted my steak cooked and I was given a raw slab of meat I wouldn't feed my dog. To try and get some attention from my server who spent most of her time in the kitchen I cut my steak in half and left one half on top of the other to show the very uncooked state of my meat, and with no question if we needed anything else or asking how the meal was our checks where on the table and she was gone again. Worst service and kitchen staff of anywhere I have ever been!
1	Started with the host, she told us that it will take more than 25 minutes to get a table and she kind off told us to go somewhere else instead of waiting. Well, we decided to give it a try. After along wait we got the table and sat for over 15 minutes till I asked where is my server. I had table next to me they left because they didn't get served. The server have no clue what's on the menu. Food took over 15 minutes and my gf's brunch burger was really good but my omelet which I asked twice no onions and I end up getting extra onions. I will never come back.
5	My favorite new breakfast place in downtown Tempe. Great menu, friendly people and a cool  space for breakfast and for lunch.The sandwiches are amazing, the breakfast is to die for and the salads and burgers are tough to beat. Some of my favorites have been the green flannel, the hash plates, the granola yogi, the french toast, coffee drinks and the green cheddar melt just to name a few. SO good!Be sure to add this place to your Tempe breakfast and lunch list.
5	First time visiting Orange Table today was just before the ASU football game. The staff was able to handle the crowd very well. The food was tasty, I had the corn beef hash and scrambled eggs. I really liked the fresh squeezed orange juice. Our server was courteous and prompt even considering of the place was packed. Will definitely come back and recommend it if you're in Tempe.
4	First time here was earlier today before the ASU game to have breakfast.   It was crazy busy and we had to wait about 30 min.  Once we were inside, I really enjoyed my garlic mushroom omelette but instead of Swiss cheese I did cheddar.  And thanks to Orange Table I have found my new favorite morning cocktail called Breakfast at Tiffany's.  I am telling you it is yummy.  I look forward to coming in when I am not in a rush to watch the football game and relax and also I would like to try their lunch.
5	Went with the corned beef hash and eggs! Excellent and the coffee was great too! Will definitely come back
5	The food is great (try the chimichurri sauce!) and the coffee drinks are even better. The service can be slow if they're busy but the staff is friendly and the atmosphere is welcoming.
2	If you are looking for a classic breakfast that you can get at Ihop this is the place for you. Service was ok, food was ok, and the fresh squeezed juice had huge chunks in it that you could not drink. We are big foodies that love breakfast and were so excited to try a new local spot and were very unimpressed. They still have a lot of kinks to work out. We wish them the best but probably won't be back. Good thing we used a groupon.
5	I really enjoyed visiting this place - in fact, I was there twice in the same weekend as it's a great spot for pre-ASU events too!  Great menu, friendly people and a cool  space for breakfast/lunch.  I also like that they support local artists by displaying their art throughout - great vibe! My food was fantastic - I had the Chicken Salad Sandwich and really liked the kick they put in it to make it unique.  The service was great as well and I can't wait until they get their patio!
2	My boyfriend and I saw there was a Groupon for the restaurant, so we decided to give it a shot. We've been here twice and both times have been unimpressed. The first time we came for lunch. It was around noon and there were only two other couples in the  restaurant. We were seated quickly and water was brought out promptly, but it took an unreasonable amount of time to get our order taken. We sat there trying to make eye contact with the waitress who didn't seem to be interested. Finally, the hostess came and took our order after about 15 minutes. I got a sandwich and my boyfriend got the breakfast burger. The maple mayonnaise was good on the burger, but the rest of the food was just okay. The chicken on my sandwich was overcooked and a bit dry. On our second visit we decided to go for breakfast. It was definitely busier, but we were seated quickly. Our waiter was friendly and took our orders quickly. We ordered chai drinks which were more milk than actual chai. We mentioned it to the waiter who brought out more chai which helped a little. It still tasted more like watered down milk than chai. As for our food, I got the monkey cakes and the boyfriend got the white flannel. The flannel had a big glob of sour cream on top which seemed to have taken over the flannel. He was disappointed that there were so much big strips of onions and minimal amount of actual potatoes and corned beef. On the menu it said that the monkey cakes had bananas, almonds and coconut. When I got my cakes the first cake had bananas and almonds, but the second cake only had walnuts. Not anymore on the menu did it say walnuts. If they ran out, it would be nice to have been told so. What if I didn't like walnuts? Also, the second cake that had the walnuts was placed under the first cake which seemed like they knew they were in the wrong so they were trying to cover it up.The service isn't terrible and for the most part the staff is friendly. However, the food didn't seem as good as most of the reviews are raving about. Would we come back? Probably not.
3	The service here is friendly enough, pretty small area with a small bar area.The Mexican hot chocolate latte is pretty good! No fancy latte art here, but the drinks overall seem tasty.The food, however, wasn't that impressive. A friend and I split the French toast plate and it came out fifteen minutes later soggy and seemingly undercooked. I'll definitely come again but maybe order something different and see if they deliver, but I was hoping that since they opened their plates would be on point.
4	Great breakfast spot. The Mexican Chocolate Latte is great, and the food is very good as well.
1	OMG. Hit the restroom prior to ordering. It smelled so bad from long term lack of cleaning that I was afraid to order food. I mentioned it to my husband, who had  just returned from the men's room. He said the same thing. We left....feared that the kitchen cleanliness was of the same caliber. Come on guys...a little Lysol and elbow grease  goes a long way.
5	Orange Table Tempe is the best! The staff is so friendly and the food is amazing! I'm in love with the Smocha Mocha and could eat the banana fosters French toast everyday. But I really like their lighter fare! Great options if you are trying to be mindful of your eating or want to indulge. A must stop for anyone visiting Tempe!
4	Great food, awesome bloody Maria, and amazing service. This was my first time here and I really liked it.  The waiter was great to me kids.
