4	I have torn ligaments in both knees and can not get on my knees to clean anymore so I decided to hire a cleaning service.  I found Carnation through 2fixit.com.  I chose them because they are close by, send in the same team at each cleaning and they are licensed and bonded.   They sent in a team of 3 for 6 hours of straight work!  THEY NEVER STOPPED!  They brought all their own cleaning supplies ... even the vacuums.  The staff wore blue booties over their shoes the whole time.  My house hasn't looked this good since I moved in 10 years ago.  My Mom who lives with us (she is 92) was thrilled with the results.  She loves how clean her bathroom is.I am going to be a regular from now on!
1	This service came recommended, as I haven't used a cleaning service before. I am very disappointed. One person came to clean and was there for 9 hours. I needed a move out cleaning. When we arrived the next day and we found it clean, but not move out clean. Some of the cupboards and shelves were still dirty, doors were scuffed, cobwebs found and what was wiped down was smeary. Worst of all, we found cigarette butts in both the front and backyards. As the  property was vacant and locked, the butts had to have come from an employee of the cleaning service.I emailed Mary Ann ( lady who arranged my cleaning) to share my issues, she never got back to me. Very disappointed that she didn't at least get back to me with and explanation or apology.
5	I have used Carnation twice & am booked for my 3rd visit.I am pretty clean, often doing sinks, toilets, floors, hand smudges etc as things get dirty. But sometimes I just want it ALL CLEAN AT ONCE, which is something I frankly never do. So about once a quarter I want this plus the things done that I don't like to do, such as scrubbing the shower walls, dusting ceiling fans, etc. I pick up all clutter before they arrive, as I want to make the most of my time/money with them CLEANING not picking up stuff in the way. (frankly I'm surprised at the posted photos, I had no idea people leave their house so exploded with their personal crap when cleaning crews come... You're paying good money for someone to throw away your old fast food bags & fold your couch blanket, really?? -shrug-)I have used various cleaning people (individuals) & discounted "services" from Groupon, etc, and all those experiences drove me to simply call Carnation. I'm tired of individuals having car trouble, not bringing their own supplies, kid-problem cancellations, no call/no shows, telling me their life problems on my cleaning "clock," = lack of professionalism. The experience with the coupon businesses has been AWFUL - I was lucky to get my money back from one that turned into a big scam that even made the news last year. I was trying to save money in both cases; "I can get it for cheaper." I gave that up, called Carnation, willing to pay more for quality/professionalism. I have known Eugena, the owner, for many years, knew what she did & that they were a final-cleaning provider to a big home-builder for many years. You can't hold an account like that without providing consistent professionalism.Both times Carnation has been here it has been the same delightful experience. They are a system, the individual employees can have car trouble, kid issues, etc but it doesn't affect me as the customer - I'm now willing to pay Carnation more to deal with those hassles & just CLEAN MY HOUSE. I have had a different cleaning crew both times, which is fine with me. They came in a team of 2 in a car with the company name on it, uniforms, blue booties on their shoes. After a quick intro and tour of the house, they verified what I had said I wanted done per the phone setup, and got to work. They bring EVERYTHING they need to do the job. They worked fast, clearly had their duties split already (no confusion between them), and only talked to me when they had clarification questions. Everything was PERFECT. They did the extras I asked for (cleaning the fans & baseboards), they did all of the basics (like scrubbing shower walls), and then they approached me at the 2-hour mark I had set up on the phone, and gave me an option - there was still one thing to complete on the list. Did I want to buy more time for that or leave it?  That was GREAT with me, as I saw them working fast & hard all 2 hours - my requests simply added up to more than 4 (wo)man-hours. So yes I happily agreed to add on 15 more mins. The office called to verify it with me (no opportunity for employees to scam). My final amount was charged to my card by the office - no awkward paying the people who just cleaned.I am sorry to hear that the other reviewer had a poor experience and "emailed" ... makes me wonder if Mary Ann ever saw it?  I'd suggest if there's any problem at all, CALL (as in pick up the phone) IMMEDIATELY - this is not the sort of biz that will ignore dissatisfaction!!
