3	The french version of a carnival donut.  A large beaver tail of delicious dough fried and sweetened with maple butter or nutella or a combination of all of the above.  There is often a line up on summer days because of its proximity to the science centre. A once in a very long while treat. Too sweet for most adult tastes.  Split one or share one with a kid who will be ecstatic and jumping around afterward.
2	I didn't have beavertails at this particular stand, but I can't find the name of the stand I did have it in (inside the Complex Desjardins).  Fried dough with nutella or maple butter sounds great, and I was pretty excited for it, but it just tasted like warm, thin whole-wheat bread with far too much maple butter and chocolate drizzled on top.  I agree with Kat T., far too sweet for adults.
3	beavertails are supposedly originally from ottawa but if you're only in montreal you gotta swing by here! prices were a touch less expensive than the original spot in ottawa but same offerings with a lot less friendliness. a bored high school student was manning the place who did her job (collected money, gave us our beavertails) but nothing much else. we did appreciate that our beavertails were cooked fresh and there were 3 stools in the corner to sit down and devour our tails which are kind of like a churro in idea (fried dough covered in sugar and cinnamon) but are chewy only on the outside and crispy towards the center. were tried the original, lemon (unique but only recommended if you love lemon like me), and apple (kind of tasted like a hot apple pie) but they also have maple butter covered and various chocolate-accompanied (nutella, chocolate pieces, oreos) beavertails.
3	3.5 starsHer: I gotta get you a beavertail! Now if we can only find parking...Me: Beavertail?? Um do I want one of those, doesn't sound appealing at all......We illegally park our vehicle along old port/ old montreal, across from where a lineful of horse carriages where parked. Def initely minus a star for not having sufficient parking round this part of MTL.So basically, a beavertail is a sweet, flaky pastry formed in the shape of a, well, a beavertail. Its sweet treat that was typically served during carnivals and festivals, but obviously now available any damn time you want. Mmmmmmmmmmm Think an upgraded version of cinnabon cinnastix, that would the closest comparison I can think of to american fare.Anyway, they can top your beavertail (that just sounds wrong) with all the great things they throw into a dessert crepe. This time, we tried two; the banana chocolate and killaloe (sugar and lemon). Both were mouth wateringly delicious, so flaky and perfect bite per bite.  In hindsight, I should've gotten nutella, but that would be way too predictable lol..Staff here was nice and suggestive. Pricing was ok. Overall, my first beavertail experience (again, still sounds wrong) was nothing short of great, followed by a stroll led us to the inevitable parking ticket lol. Sigh.
3	So much better than I expected!I've been subjected to fried doughs of many names and the results were usually the same...A quick second of sweet gooey pleasure, and at least an hour of heavy, sluggish follow-up. The dough was similar to your usual yeast leavened doughnut, just more tender, less salty and about a quarter of an inch thick. I took mine with hazelnut spread (which was lightly applied) and powdered sugar...not the traditional way, but the intense sweetness of the spread and sugar worked well against the unflavored dough. If you're a fan of fried doughs and ever in the area, definitely check it out.
4	This was my first beavertail experience.  My wife and I decided to split one which probably made it even messier. We ordered the beavertail with maple.  I think with fried dough and maple butter, you really can't go wrong.   We sat on a bench outside of the place and had several little birds a few inches away from our feet waiting for any crumbs to fall.  At the end, we didn't give any of our crumbs to the birds, but they had the last laugh.  As we were getting ready to get up, a bird left some droppings on my wife's shoulder.  So I think in the future, I would either eat inside or closer to the building in order to not deal with the wrath of the small birds.
3	Came here a few times. It's located right in the middle of Old Port near the river. The beavertail is definitely a special treat (local flavor). The first time I heard the name I was quite silly and thought the delicacy is really a beaver's tail. But it's actually fried dough in shape of a beavertail topped with other yumminess of your choosing. (e.g. Cinnamon Apple, Chocolate Nutella, Hazelnut) We got Banana & Nutella chocolate Beavertail, the dough was warm and soft, with melted chocolate. Deliciously sinful experience. The second time was very crowded, since it's right after the fireworks festival (be prepared to sweat waiting for the order). After purchasing the tail, there are plenty of places to sit next to the river and enjoy. The place also sells ice cream as well as smoothies.I would recommend sharing one with your loved ones - tasty it may be, it is a very heavy type of sweet treat.
4	Gotta love me some beavertails. Location seems to keep moving but wherever it is, it is all good.
3	What is a Beaver Tail?  It's like a flattened doughnut that's like a foot long and about 4 inches wide.  They are made fresh to order so you will have to wait for it but because it's nice and hot it's worth it.These things are anything but good for you but who cares?  You only live once and as long as it's not your staple, once in a while won't hurt as long as they are only a treat and not a way of life.What topping would you like for your tail?  Well have a look at the menu.  Yes, those prices are in Canadian dollars.  These things are not cheap and you are not at a fair.  For what it's worth they are generous with the toppings but ya these things cost like you are buying a submarine except that there is no meat and they are about a quarter as filling.  They are a little expensive for the amount of food you get but they are good.I just like them plain really, but the Nutella would be nice too.
