5	My wife and I loved the show.  Laughed/smiled through the whole performance.very talented singers and dancers and extremely creative producers.A very different kind of burlesque show.  Definitely sexy, but also kinda kinky, weird, and humorous.
1	Saw Zombie Burlesque opening night. We found  a Groupon that had two tickets for $50 and we definitely paid too much. The show is set in a zombie club and run by a zombie host. There are multiple  short skits featuring zombies and 2 humans over two hours. The skits have little-to-nothing to do with each other and there are  some that don't have any real point. There is a Black comedian that makes horrible jokes about Black people throughout his set (he comes on multiple times).The GoodThe aerial artist is very talented (but the song she performs to about girls being stupid was NOT okay). The contortionist was bananas! He did things with his body (and torso specifically) that made me want to look and, alternately, vomit. One of the zombies had a GREAT body. One of the zombies was very into the burlesque aspect of the performance.The BadMost of the performances weren't funny. There was  little-to-no sexiness. The "comedy" made fun of  women (usage  of the term "fish") and Black people (the whole first set). The theater is tiny. The seats are all on the floor so if you're short you don't have a chance in hell of  seeing most of the show. There was no line to get in and we all had to crowd around the doorway jockeying for position. It was waaaaay too long.
4	I think this is a great show for the money. It was only $27. The singing and dancing were great and I laughed a lot. My main complaint was the seating. It was hard to see at times since everyone was on the same level.
4	Zombie Burlesque is a new show in Last Vegas Nevada. First time seeing a burlesque show and this one was good. It was entertaining to watch. Not recommended for teens or kids but is a good show to watch with a date or friends. As the name of the show suggest, all the actors and actresses are zombies and they tell a story. Lots of singing and dancing. You even get a free jelly shot during the middle of the show.
5	Yes the stage is small, but I feel it gives a bit of an up close and personal feel.Don't let the intro fool you, the opening act makes it feel kinda strange but it picks up quickly. This show isn't for a prudeYes. I would go again.
2	Was a spur of the moment decision to see this, they had some "VIP" seats left for same day and they gave us a bit of a discount (matching some online coupons that we didn't possess at the time). VIP seats are assigned and the first 10 or so rows, the rest are first come first serve. First, an "8:30" show that we were told to arrive by 8:20 for to be seated. At 8:50, as we were on our 30th minute of being crammed together with a couple hundred of our new closest friends in the undersized bar/waiting area, I wasn't feeling too VIPish, and my mood was pre-soured.Once finally allowed into the theatre, it was like "wow". They clearly spared no expense in constructing this modern masterpiece that could easily make Shakesphere feel at home. Wait, no, sorry got confused. I could replicate the entire theatre, seats, stage, and all, with a $100 Home Depot gift card. It clearly was shoehorned into a spare room. Maybe that was the point, but as others have said, the entire seating area is at the same level, so even with decent VIP 5th row seats it was hard to see everything, back of the theatre to me would be unwatchable.The show itself was fairly entertaining. Not memorable but not bad. The performers were enthusiastic.I'd say worth it if you can get decent seats at a discount and drink ahead of time so you aren't perturbed by the shortcomings of the theatre and process to get in, and zombies are your thing.For our performance there wasn't any racial jokes as others have said, and certainly nothing offensive for an adult crowd in Vegas.
1	Horrible, this is the most unorganized theatre show ever! I wouldn't waste $10 on an event like this. Put it this way a high school production has a better set up and organization than this.
4	My boyfriend and I purchased two general tickets on Groupon for $49 then paid an additional $59 for an upgrade to VIP seating and two alcoholic beverages with a souvenir cup.The Bar:I honestly don't think getting the drinks was worth it.  They don't check you for food or drink so you could easily brink in your own can of soda or water if you think you will get thirsty.  My boyfriend ordered a Pina Colada and it was the worst I have ever tasted.  I got the Tropical Bay Breeze which was weak but very tasty.  I had to pay another dollar for it though because it has Malibu in it.  Refills are $10 except mine which was $11.  They have you wait in this tiny bar area until the doors to the theater open, (which they did not open until 10 minutes past the start of the show time which was 830 pm)The Theater: It is VERY small but functional for it's purpose.  General seating is on a first come first serve basis.  If you arrive too late you will be stuck sitting on folding chairs in the back.  Early arrivers get the comfy padded benches.  I recommend paying the extra money for VIP seating because you get to sit in the first 5 rows.  (We sat in the first row, which i do not recommend because you have the stage lights shining in your face and you are right next to the bass which is annoying during some parts of the show.  Try and get the second or third row if possible.)  Even though the tickets have seat numbers on them it is a lie they make you basically make you sit in a strangers lap and pack you in like a cow.  Everyone in our row was average weight and managed to be comfortable and still have some space between us.The Show:The show was very funny.  It had a great storyline that really immersed you into the setting.  Each performer has their own special talent that they showcase at the zombie club from singing, to ballet, to pole dancing, ect.  The women are just beautiful and our host was crazy funny!  They did have a technical issue the last half of the show where their background lost input so it was black the rest of show but we didn't even care because the performers are what made the show!After the show:There is an opportunity to meet and greet with the cast and take pictures!Even though I already know what the show is like.  I would pay to see it again.SPOILER:  ********** Men in the front rows get chosen to be volunteers.  So be willing to be a good sport if you sit in VIP.
4	So I bought a VIP ticket with the Yelp promo. It was worth the extra money because I sat in the second row and got a free drink in a souvenir cup. The show was funny and silly but not for the PC crowd. If you are easily offended then pass. This is a burlesque show so keep in mind there is nudity and sexual jokes, common sense but sometimes you have to spell it out. Just a word of advice male or female if you sit in the first three rows there is a good chance you could be made to participate. I know this because the host jumped on my lap and rubbed my head with a fake hand. While I probably looked all doe eyed and uncomfortable. I'm guessing I was not as uncomfortable as the guy behind me that was pulled on stage strapped down and had his nipples pinched. All in all I would go again especially with the discount
5	Funny, sexy, talent-filled. My boyfriend and I thoroughly enjoyed this show. Highly underrated.
4	My husband and I came a few weeks ago on a Monday night using a 50% off coupon. Like other reviewers have mentioned, the waiting area is cramped and the theater is very small. The size of the theater works, though, because it makes the show more intimate. From start to finish, I was wowed. The performers singing had fantastic voices and the numbers were so much fun and enjoyable. Several times, my husband was laughing very loudly which was a good sign. For one of the numbers, jello shots were brought out for everyone...how much fun is that? We had such a blast.
5	We really enjoyed this show. It probably helped that we got a great deal on Groupon and that because we purchased these tickets we had the opportunity to purchase tickets to any other shows at Planet Hollywood at 50% off. But even at full price we would've been glad to see this show. It was easily one of the better ones we saw on our entire trip. Very talented dancers and singers. The emcee was really good and had everyone laughing, and the aerial act in particular was very good.
5	Such a good show! We got half price tickets through tix4tonight and paid the extra money to sit closer to the front. There was tons of audience participation, so if you don't want to be involved sit farther back. The show deffinately had some sexual content, so if you are easily offended don't see this show. It was super fun and they give everyone a free Jell-O shot!
3	I bought my tickets on Vegas.com, so I paid more than I should have, apparently!!! Dammit!I also thought this was a burlesque show, not a musical comedy. I hate musicals. I have to say, I was disappointed overall, because I was thinking this would be less of a stage show and more of a casual lounge-type environment... instead it was bench seating in a narrow theater. It was also lots of singing and barely any boobs. Moral of this yelp story: If you, like other yelpers, apparently, know what to expect (comedy, singing, very little boobies and very few glimpses of them) and you still want to attend this show, you will like it more than I did.
4	This was a great show. We sat in the front row and it was not too close despite our worries. The theater is small but perfect for the type of show. The seats in the VIP section are long pews that look considerably more comfortable than the other chairs. It is worth the upgrade. The show itself was entertaining. Their singing voices were all very good. And the different acts were varied and all well done. On top of which, it was funny.
5	I did not expect the show to be that good.. It was funny and sexy and great interaction with the crowd. The host is awesome..i was so happy to hear all the music was done by the performers and the band.. I would recommend this show to people who love zombies...AWESOME!!!!!!
5	Zombie Burlesque, what a sexy, hilarious, crass, fun surprise you were! I can't wait to go back!So, what the heck is this show. Here's the premise. Zombies invite humans to their ultra hip hangout, Club Z! How do they refrain from eating us, they are vigilantly Zombies, they eat prisoners!I'm not going to go much further than that, but the show had a wide variety of acts. Comedy, live band, live singing, sexy dancers, original songs, acrobatics, audience participation, and cool visual effects. A little bit of everything!I smiled and laughed the whole time. I would say this show is PG-13/R-lite. Definitely great to see with your friends or a lover. Pro Tip: Upgrade to VIP, the seating is all one level and theater space is awkward. It's best to be up close up and not stuck behind a Shaq.ProTip 2: Locals have a 50% discount.
4	I had a great time at the show, it was my first one ever in Vegas and it was good. The theater room was smaller and intimate though that didnt affect the performance at all. All the performers were in incredible and they would interact w/ the crowd for a couple diff segments. They had a contortionist as well and he was just amazing twisting his arms and shoulders like I had never seen. The ladies on stage were all beautiful and in incredible shape. Check this show out if you can, the comedy is a bit crass for some but that I prefer.
5	I very much enjoyed this show. Seating is all one level and I went on a sold out night with no seating available for an upgrade so I was seated towards the back. Thankfully I was behind a rather short person so I had a fairly good view throughout the entire show. Next time I'll be sure to buy tickets in advance to get a closer spot.The host was funny, the dancing and music was fun and catchy. I'd love to get a soundtrack. The show itself isn't actual burlesque that you'd expect from a lounge setting so the name is a little misleading BUT, it's still worth a visit. The actors have great comedic timing and will interact with you on and off the stage; they hand out free jello shots during the show, and it's just a fun night out for everyone. I'll definitely go again.
4	The show was awesome. The small theatre and all level seating made it really feel like a place these types of shows would have been at one point in our history.Performers were awesome!, Funny, Talented it was a great time.Be warned it hardly does any good to show up early. There is no line. You are directed to have a seat in the bar area and wait until they say they are ready to let you in. If you do go stand over on the wall next to the waitress station, between there and the pass thru to get in first. Several rows are blocked off for the upgraded seating.
3	The show was good and funny but SUPER strange. If you aren't comfortable with girls stripping down to nothing but a thong and tassels (and in one instance, only tassels!), then DO NOT see this show! The main 'zombie' announcer was super funny and made everyone feel included. I'm taking away stars because the V Theater staff were HORRIBLE! We had tickets for row C but they gave us row D tickets... They never explained why they switched the rows, but it was rude. I told the lady we had row C, and she blew me off and asked for the next customer. It was insanely rude and I wanted to almost shove the tickets back in her face! Good show, but weird and horrible customer service from Planet Hollywood.Also: GET BENCH SEATS!
2	We had a coupon for $20 each ticket for this show, and I think it was still too much.We saw this show on a whim, not really knowing what to expect. But it seems pretty straightforward, right? Zombies. Burlesque. Cool.Out of the 75 minute show, I think we got about 15 minutes of actual burlesque. The rest of the show was the unfunny host talking... and talking... and making crappy jokes... and let me tell you, I am ALL about offensive jokes, but these ones were just tasteless and fell completely flat. I just wanted the host to shut up. They REALLY did not make it clear anywhere that this show is more of a musical and an ATTEMPT at a comedy. Even the burlesque we got was a little disappointing, because the girls were hardly made up as zombies, if at all! I didn't expect full body paint or anything (despite the banner for the show), but most of the girls just had some white paint on their faces and nowhere else on them, no blood, and one girl had NO zombie makeup at all!The stage is TINY, and all of the seats are on one level. Unless you paid extra for bench seats, you're screwed. At least we got free jello shots... good thing they were strong, because it was about a teaspoon of jello.
1	This was terrible. The only part I enjoyed was the live band. V Theater could use a serious face lift. The chairs were all at the same level, and towards the back you could not see over the twelve benches in front of you. Oh, by the way, these are benches. Let's get cozy with each other folks. No, thanks. If I had been towards the front of the stage, it became possible that I would've been a part of this gigantic audience participation piece of the show. Again, no, thanks.
4	We saw the show last night using the Living Social deal we got. It was $49 for two tickets (or $28 for one), and all you have to do is go day of to the theater to pick up your actual tickets. They'll try to upgrade your tickets to VIP for $20 each. If you want to increase your chances of being part of the show, it's worth it... or if you want to be closer to the action. The theater isn't raised seating, so you got to cross your fingers that you don't get someone too tall in front of you. Also, it's under construction. There are tarps up everywhere, and the ground is broken up in places. They have caution tape up. I guess it adds to the theme...?The show itself is pretty good. It was a lot better than expected. Most of it is quite cheesy, but I'm a sucker for cheesy. The only part I really didn't care for was when it got quite preachy towards the end... making it awkward. They have different acts, like most Las Vegas shows... singing, ballet, acrobatics, contortionist, etc.During the show, they hand out jello shots, which is a nice touch. At the beginning of the show, a lady comes around asking if you want to buy drinks.I'd say it was a good show, but I'm good with just seeing it once.
4	Great great show! Get there early! Get up front at the waiting line by the bar. Line up starts at 8pm right by the 2nd floor entrance. you don't wanna be at the back of the theater. its a flat level theater so general admission means 1st come 1st serve if you don't upgrade you will be sitting at the rear half. Show is great with a GREAT live band and the best version of Bjork's "Oh so quiet.....sh sh" (other than Bjork's, of course) Singing, dancing, contortionists, acrobatics and even burlesque....... all awesome.
5	We went this past weekend and had an amazing time! What a show! We had VIP seats and were in the 3rd row. I would only recommend VIP seats, as the seating is flat, so if you are in the back I think it would be really hard to see. My husband and I were chosen to play the couples game up on the stage and that was AMAZING!!The show is super funny with lots of dirty jokes and the burlesque dancers were great.
5	A lot of fun, lots of laughs, great music. I recommend you splurge for up front tickets, not a big theatre but much better to sit up front
5	This show is phenomenal!!! The musical is so well put together and the cast is wonderful!!! It was not what I was expecting at all (in a good way) and I will definitely say that anyone who is planning on going to Vegas absolutely needs to see this musical!
5	5 Stars for the performers and negative 5 stars for customer service!!! Entire experience started out awful from the lines to pick up tickets from Will Call (45 minutes and there was only 4 people in front of us) to no one knowing what they were doing.  I was over the entire experience before it even started.  Seats in general admission were raised in the theater we were in tonight, but were really tiny.  The performers "Zombies" were talented and hilarious!  I rated show 5 stars because  I wouldn't want anyone to miss out on the show.  Would highly suggest providing more training to staff who are not performers.
5	Very fun! We went last night to celebrate my 30th bday! 3 girls and 3 very manly men who got lots of surprises while there. It was hilarious. They involve the audience, the drinks are stout, and they make the whole show lively. Hoping next time we come something similar is showing, so we can go see it at the V theatre.
5	WHAT a FUN show! The acts were entertaining and the storyline was funny and well put together. Even a heckler in the front row couldn't stop the MC from rocking the crowd. Wild fun, great interaction with the audience, jello shots and more!I highly recommend checking this show out. The intimate setting, live band and great atmosphere are well worth it. Laughter, excitement and Zombies, what else could you ask for in Vegas?!?!?
5	i F@$#in love this show. It's fresh, funny, and completely original. It takes you back in time in the 50s during an atomic blast where Zombies live with us. The Zombies are the sexiest girls though. My favorite show on the strip. Good to take a fun date!
5	Went to Club Z for my birthday and it was a blast!! We purchased discounted tickets on livingsocial and it was super affordable. Once there, we upgraded to VIP & I'm so happy we did! The show has such a fun story line and variety. We were laughing the entire time, the host is magnificent and does a sexy rendition of "I Put a Spell on You." The burlesque dancers manage to be enticing and classy all at the same time! (I came with my Husband and didn't once feel uncomfortable). The comedy is genius and you'll wish it never ends.  I left feeling super upbeat and even ran into some cast members after and took pictures together. The drinks are strong and oh so yummy! I suggest you purchase a $10 drink voucher , it will save you about $5 off of your first drink.I only wish there was a zombie burlesque in LA so I can go again.
1	I upgraded our 6 tickets to VIP for $116 dollars. It was my bachelorette party and I wanted to treat my girls.  I was told that my whole party would sit together, and also we would get half off our first round of drinks. BIG rip off....we did not get what we were promised. One person had to sit in a different row and we did not get half off drinks.The management refused to refund my money. The show was great but the rest of the experience was awful.
5	Wow what an amazing and fun show!  Witty, sexy, edgy with terrific bits of audience participation.  I usually can't wait for Vegas shows to be over- this one I wish was longer! Catch it before the price goes up; IMO the VIP tickets are worth the premium.  I would watch it again, which I cannot honestly say for any other Vegas show currently.
4	I had the best time at this show. My sister and I purchased a groupon. The irritation on the night was that in order to go with out a reservation that night, we had to pay an extra $20 each. The theater was tiny :(Ask for the show, I loved it. Excellent actors and dancing. The host was funny, plus they handed out free Jell-O shots. I had fun!
5	Really really fun!!
5	My wife and I saw the Zombie Burlesque for our anniversary. We are both fans of the campy fun that burlesque can provide. Having said that, what is there to add about Zombie Burlesque? I doubt that George Romero himself could have imagined zombies in such a sexy, fun environment. Its worth getting tickets early and up front. The performers are amazing (and flexible :)) This show is perhaps one of the best we've seen in Vegas over the years.Please believe me that I'm not just saying this because I had a lovely young zombie splayed across my lap, tearing out my throat and enjoying a repast on my brains. (the sequin imprints on my cheek was well worth it) The musical numbers were outstanding. The dancers amazing. The aerilist gave two performances worthy of some of the higher end shows in Vegas.It would be an understatement to say I'm a Zombie Burlesque fan. After one show I believe I'm a devotee. I have tickets a few months from now to be up front again, to experience it all again, to have another night with my wife worthy of remembering again.If you're visiting Vegas, get tickets as far in advance and as up close as you can, and if you live here what are you waiting for? These Zombies are the sexiest, funniest, and most amazing attraction in Vegas.
5	Show was funny and entertaining.   I went in with mid range expectations but they where all met.   The venue is a bit strange which I was apprehensive when we where sat, but it ended up being very entertaining.  If you are looking for a out of the ordinary good time, do this!  If you are uncomfortable with getting out of yourself and want to see singing and dancing and not off color humor, do not go.
5	Went for a friends birthday and had a blast! The show was fantastic and the people in the show even came out after to take pics with everyone! I would see it again.
4	We had a great time.  Funny and entertaining from the start.  The singing was pretty good and the routines were a lot of fun.  The vip tickets were worth it to us, you can pick them up later, you get an assigned seat with more of a chance for audience participation, and you get to go in early.  I used the yelp coupon code and got half off so it came out to about 45 each, definitely worth it.  They give out free jello shots also.  The only thing I would have liked better is more nudity, for our particular show the girls went to pasties, and one girl gave a quick glimpse of her butt.
5	Zombie Burlesque was amazing!! Everyone should go see it!! Super sexy and funny!! Just the right amount of cheesy! The actors were awesome! The songs and dances were great! They even gave out vodka lime Jell-O shots! How awesome?!?! They had this guy who had been on Americas got Talent!! His performance was freakishly cool!! I definitely recommend going to see it! Not too expensive and the drinks are huge!! :)
4	Very fun show! Probably would've even been better if I'd had a few drinks before/during the show. Good mix of adult humor, excellent dancing, clever storytelling, filthy jokes, audience participation, and some excellent live music.
5	I bought this off of groupon because this was one of the cheapest shows I could find.  My expectations were low because of the price.  I had not read a single review or even read what this is about.I was wrong!  this show is so good!Now I love Zombies.  Hot, near naked, an foul mouth zombies?  Yes!This is a 50 styles show.  There was a lot of funny jokes and topless scenes!  The show is about an hour long and everyone danced and sang well!I also like seeing "Turf" from America's Got Talent!  His performance was amazing!Seriously, so many shows are near the $100.00 range.  This cost me less then $20 a person plus I got a jello shot!If you love zombies, bad jokes, titties, and on a budget this show is for you!
4	Amazing from start to finish. Zach at the box office was super helpful and extremely polite.The theater is a very small and in your face theater, which is a nice change from some of the ginormous theaters. We were in the very front row, I would recommend going from seat two and up. In the first row you just get blinded by the lights and have to crane your neck a little.The show was amazing. The host, the cast, tiny bubbles and turf. They were all amazing and obviously talented. I laughed from start to finish of the show. After you get to meet some of the cast. They were amazing and still continued the laughs even after the show was over.Big bonus, military discount!
5	Hilarious, sexy, and Jell-O shots! Very cute production, the host had us laughing the entire time.
5	It seems like there have been some big changes since the original yelp reviews.  The seating is no longer all one level.  The theater slopes towards the front, so there's not a bad seat in the house.  There are also no benches.  It's basically like a tiny movie theater.The show itself was awesome!  It definitely erred on the side of raunchy, but that's to be expected at a Burlesque show.  The host was hilarious, the female singer was amazing, and the talent portions were very entertaining.A few notes for the audience:Seating is supposedly "first come first serve"; HOWEVER, no matter what time you get there, you'll end up sitting in the upstairs bar area until they open the doors 30 minutes before the show.  Then it's a free-for-all.  We wanted "good" seats, so we got there an hour early as recommended.  Not worth it!  Just show up 30 minutes ahead of time and you'll be fine.Also, VIP is not worth it.  We didn't do it, and we were literally seated one row behind the VIP people.  There are lots of 50% off tickets available (including via Yelp), so definitely check it out!
5	One of my favorite shows I've seen in vegas yet.Small Venue, a REAL band with a terrific performance. A little crowd participation too. Lots of fun, will go back for the Evil Dead show!
4	We bought tickets to this on groupon. It was pretty fun. I think I expected a little more or maybe a bigger auditorium? Despite my expectations we had a good time. i just dont think I'd buy this at regular price. Our favorite performance was the contortionist.  That was pretty impressive!
5	Outstanding entertainment.  Our party of six sat in the second row and practically fell over each other to avoid being in the vulnerable aisle seat... my wife lost, and was duly eaten by a female zombie at the end of the show (though a very attractive one, so she didnt mind).  The MC is superb, and the rest of the cast gifted athletes and dancers.  The jokes are predictably groan-worthy and deliciously tasteless.  A great way to spend an evening.... it was a highlight of our trip to Sin City.
5	This show was amazingly fun. It really has everything you'd want to see in a Vegas show- it's scandalous, bawdy, campy and sexy. What elevates it is a fantastic big live band and actually talented cast. The emcee is hilarious and the dancers are stunning! Absolutely worth seeing if you're searching for a fun night.
5	I wasn't expecting such a great show, but I'm very afraid of Zombies so I dragged all of my friends here for my birthday. We were pleasantly surprised by how great the show was. Live music (no tapes or CDs here) and the dancing and skits were funny and very talented. The MC was funny and the singer had a powerful voice and was wonderful. There was also a super scary contortionist (scary because I didn't think the body could contort that way!) but he was super nice and even kissed me on the hand to wish me happy birthday. A must-see!
5	Let me start off by saying I have seen musicals, plays and mixed media events from "O" at the Belagio, "Ovo" in LA, "Avenue Q" and this is by far the most fun and funniest of them all!The 7 man live band, the high energy, intimate venue, great voices, amazing cast are all lead by a main zombie M C who is hilarious and very talented. If I had to sum it up in a few words:Ave Q+Rocky Horror Show.... Sprinkled with sexy zombies and tons of great jokes.It's amazing how creative and how much they could fit on stage! Can't wait to come back with a group of friends!!!!
5	Such a great show. They gave free Jell-O shots. It was very funny and sexy. Definitely a must watch.
5	My friends and I just got home from Vegas and I decided to read the reviews on this show and see if everyone else thought the same way I did about it.When we walked into Planet Hollywood, we were headed straight to Fat Tuesdays but we saw this poster at the info booth that read "Zombie Burlesque!" Uhm... Yes please!! We decided to look into it and found some cheaper tickets through one of those "hey! 75% off tickets here" hockers that you just can't seem to NOT get used to in Vegas. When we got to the show we really didn't expect TOO much. To be honest once we sat down in the long but slightly narrow theater, I'd already had it in my mind that this show may be a little cheesy and actually I was expecting it to suck... Bite my tongue!!! Because this show blew my flipping mind! I admit fully that my initial thoughts on the show was mostly due to me judging the book by it's cover. However, once it started I realized that I was SO wrong. The host had us rolling all night AND his singing voice was PHENOMENAL. Every single act showed so much dang talent that I wanted it to just keep going and never end. The talents that most stood out to me were the... Wait I can't even pick. From Sophia (?) the singer, the contortionist, the ballet dancers, tap dancers, all the dancers!! You see what I'm getting at? Each moment blew me away. And I PROMISE, I am an extremely tough critic when it comes to stage shows. This one won't disappoint you. Regular ticket prices are steep and while I agree that it's WORTH it, I understand the hesitation. But really, I would have paid full price on this if I knew then what I know now.Thank you, Zombie Burlesque for making my trip so unforgettable. -Dayna
5	It was hilarious! It's very sexy & super naughty. The crowd was shouting the entire time & the performers are exceptionally talented. The host of the show was incredible! It's a very intimate space & it works perfectly well. There was a 7 piece band on stage playing live music the entire time & the sound was fantastic! It really had us laughing pretty much the entire time & the contortionist blew my mind! I also really enjoyed a very romantic scene of zombie ballet to the most perfect song! The crowd started singing along to it! Honestly this was one of the best shows! I recommend it to anyone looking to have fun!
5	Free Jello Shots For Everybody.  Outstanding show where all the singers sing and no lip syncing unlike the other zombie down the hall. The 7 piece band is fabulous and solid.  IMHO this show is a must see.
5	Great performance..  Slightly raunchy comedy but a great live performance in a small theater.
5	Really enjoyed it.  Especially the variety.  I think it takes more creative talent to pull off this kind of show as opposed to just a blatantly sexy burlesque.  Sure this was sexy but it was also witty.  Kind of like a girl that's pretty and has brains ;). Audience participation was high and the energy was contagious.  All singing was live as well, no lip syncing.  I was thinking about trying aerial silks and possibly taking another pole dancing class...would probably take awhile to get as good as the performers here :p.
5	What a delightful show. It is certainly more comedic than erotic by design. The songs are clever and well sung. The host is a hoot. The dancers are beautiful and acrobatic (if that makes any sense for a zombie).The audience participation is always a hit or miss proposition. Luckily, it was a hit on our night. Be aware that sitting in the front or along the right side aisle puts you at risk of being part of the show.The only negative is that we were called after making our reservations and offered for $10 a 22 oz. souvenir cup that could be filled up with anything at the bar before the show. (A $15 value we were told)Well, the cup was generic with just the name of the theater and not the show written on the side. You did not get the cup filled with your choice of beverage. You were allowed a bottle of beer, one glass of wine or one well drink which was served in a seperate glass. There was no 22 oz of anything offered. The offer was also available for $10 on site. Don't do it ahead of time.Overall, that was a minor hiccup in an otherwise fun experience.
5	Absolutely loved this show! It was a little raunchy (as any burlesque show should be), ferociously funny, wonderfully weird, and thoroughly entertaining. The whole cast was super talented. The host was terrific, and his finale was very sweet (which is an odd word to use when describing a show called Zombie Burlesque!). I took my 21-year-old daughter and we both thought it was terrific. We saw a lot of shows during our trip and this was our favorite. I recommend it highly.
5	The theater for Zombie Burlesque is odd. It is very narrow and very deep, so those without great seats are pretty far from the stage. We were seated in the middle, so it wasn't bad. The show was really really fun. They were naughty without being gross, campy without being lame, and talented! The music and singing were all done live, and the dancing was fun! The audience our night was the perfect kind of rowdy; screaming stuff out without really interrupting, hooting and hollering at the right moments. We had a great time!
5	Awesome show!! I took my boyfriend here for his birthday and he LOVED it. It was sexy, crude, funny, great music and amazingly inappropriate. The jokes are dirty and awesome. Go on to groupon to get cheap tickets, no need for VIP treatment, sit back and enjoy.-Btw, some are wondering if it's a nude show. It's more rated R, the boobs are covered with pasties.
5	Since reviews are the reason I decided to see this show, I figured Id return the favor and cover all the questions I had myself.Dont Zombie walk but run to see Zombie Burlesque at the V3 theater. This in indeed a variety show, one that will keep you entertained from start to finish. Not a dull moment or lull at all.The show is a mixture of comedy, musical numbers, audience participation related skits (3 total), storytelling, and some sexy burlesque performances. The humor is both crude and tasteful at the same time. Nothing offensive at all, just adult themed. The music is all live and there is a band above the stage for the entire show. A few of the performers sing and they all do one hell of a job. Sophia Monica was absolutely amazing, what a voice. Enoch, is your zombie master of ceremonies and is hysterical. He keeps the audience going for the entire show and feeds off of what the audience will sometimes yell back at him. There is no audience heckling here, Its all in good wholesome zombie fun.The burlesque acts are done incredibly well. Oozing sex appeal without seeming dirty or crude in the least. Pasties are worn so no nudity here but Lora Kelsey or Lora Gangrene as she is know in her zombie state is ridiculously hot and you will not complain about the lack of seeing a nipple.The audience participation is not as extensive as the other reviews make you think. Three skits will involve actual audience members (a couple will be chosen and two male audience members for various skits) and the rest of the participation is based off you and the host Enoch. We sat front row center and werent bothered by it one bit. You will have more fun if you clap, cheer, holler, and hoot with the rest of the audience, but if thats not your style it wont affect your enjoyment one bit. I dont want to spoil the show by giving away plot and such or too many of the acts but lets just say you probably havent seen anything like what you will see during this show. The cast is hilarious, the women are all beautiful and sexy, and there is some eye candy for the ladies too. So before you judge your husband or boyfriend from choosing this show, give them the benefit of the doubt. My wife was laughing harder than I have ever seen her laugh before and I think she even purred at one of the male cast members.There are promo codes online and groupons often. We got our tickets a month out in the VIP seating and saved half price. The theater is no longer flat like a lot of the pictures, it is on an incline so everyone can see. But keep in mind, if you dont do VIP seating it is first come first serve with where you will sit. With the VIP seating we were put into the exact seats we purchased. Dont worry, the lights up front will turn towards the stage and will not blind you as some others had mentioned. The theater is located in the miracle mile shops and so is the box office. About a 3 minute walk from planet hollywood. If you dont want to wait in line get your tickets a few hours before the show. You will also be given the option for a souvenir drink. This is basically a Saxe theatre clear plastic cup and you get to choose wine, a well drink, or an import or domestic beer. The cups are to take home, not use. But for $9 each, it was cheaper to order the cups and get the drink then buy drinks from the bar straight up. If my review didnt cover enough click here: http://www.zombieburlesqueshow.com/castNow go and buy your tickets if you want to be entertained....and eaten alive!
5	Zombie Burlesque is an excellent show.  From beginning to end this show was entertaining.  I would say the writing is clever and crude at the same time.  Each act was great, but I believe the host made the show shine.   If you want a show in Vegas that won't break the bank and is really entertaining, Zombie Burlesque is it.
5	I must admit that I had low expectations for this show, especially since I saw the very disappointing "Living Dead Musical" in this very same venue.   However, as you can tell from my rating, I really liked the show.  The props were great, the choreography was fantastic, the performers had charisma & the music was good.  I really can't find anything I disliked about this show.  Well done, guys!
5	Great show. It is a very fun show and it is truly very interactive!!! It is definitely for adults and if you get offended easily then don't go. It is definitely a bargain and a great time. As far as the seating I would definitely do more towards the front. It is a better view and a lot more fun to see everything up close. Grab a drink and have a fun time!!!
5	Just left the show, it was hysterically great. I enjoyed every single performance and how interactive the performers were with the audience. The music, the dancing, the jokes, the raunchiness was more than I hoped for. Oh yea, & at the end my girlfriends and I got to take a few crazy pics with the cast. For me this is a Vegas must see. However, I DO NOT recommend doing the $20 upgrade for dinner. They give you a list of restaurants to eat from for a flat rate of $20 but there's a prefixed menu. You can only use that dinner voucher the night of the show. We were told we can use the voucher after the show which ended at 10:00 but they failed to tell us that 3 out of the 4 restaurants close at 10:00 leaving us stuck but overall I had a great night. Thank You Zombies!
5	best best best burlesque w/ comedythe routines are originalthe jokes were funnythere is crowd interactionit was cheap(cost) showlocation was greatnice lounge when your are waiting for the showassign seatingonly con is the size of the theatre and the seating was on a flat surface, thus if someone tall sits in front of you...game overonly rank #2 to The Peep Show, but that show is gone...sadly
5	Excellent show ! Funny, raunchy and best of all ... boobs !It had great energy, cast was phenomenal, along w/ great looking set of girls. Highly recommended show. I used a promo-code which gave me 50% off on my tickets (SMARTER50) so it came down to about $32/pp. There is a slight incline in the GA section so we had a great view. Arrive early (around 7-7:30pm) if you get GA b/c they seat you by sections. And have a great time !
5	Great show! I bought my tickets on goldstar which were about $24.99 I believe per tix. I had price matched over plum benefits, livingsocial and groupon and found that gold star had the best pricing.The main host/actor was a lot of joy. The theater is not big and even though the cashier tried to get us to upgrade, it wasn't needed we were in group c and had perfect sitting. Also mind you the map she showed us made it look like we were going to be in the nosebleed section but we were like two rows from the main floor. Also  VIP seating is all on the same level so hope that no one with a big head sits in front of you. Looks like group b and up had stadium seating, no big head concerns here!The show had phenomenal actors and actresses, see a bit of boobies but it's Janet Jackson rated. Also a lot of audience participation, beyond a delight!While I was in Vegas we saw MJ Live and mystere by cirque du soleil and I gotta say my boyfriend and I found this one the most enjoyable.You really can't go wrong with watching this show! A must see!
4	Funny show, great cast. The theater is very small and cramped. Get your ticket from the box office early unless you want to be sitting up the back.
5	Got BOGO VIP seats from the internet and it was well worth it! The show is interactive and the Emcee is hilarious! It incorporates a lot of different aspects of dance, comedy and is just a really good show! My husband and I really enjoyed it! And you get a free Jell-O shot! Haha
2	You get what you pay for... cheap show... crude humor probably aiming for nonsense comedy... funny in spurts.. over all WAY TOO LOUD! Skip if you can! Not worth a night in vegas sorry
1	BEYOND HORRIBLE-DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEYIf you have the IQ of a rock then this is the show for you. I never take the time to review anything, but I am still angry that I wasted a night in Vegas and $34/ticket on this piece of sh** so I wanted to warn anyone who would listen.Hack comedy with emphasis on dildos and erections appealing to the lowest common denominator. The jokes sound like they were written by sex crazed 17 year olds. The 'sexy' aspect, if you could call it that, hits you over the head in a desperate attempt to compensate for how uninspired it is.As if this train wreck could get any more obnoxious, the volume was painfully loud.. And the theatre is claustrophobicAt the risk of coming across as a snob, I am accustomed to Cirque Du Soleil caliber shows so perhaps I am spoiled. I was only able to force myself to sit through 10 minutes.
5	Went with my boyfriend during my first trip to Vegas and had a blast!  Hilarious and sexxay at the same time.  Would definitely recommend (as long as you don't mind d*** humor, lol).
5	Saw this show on 9/30/2014. I enjoyed it very much. The comedy was pretty good and the dancing and variety acts were up to expectations. The dancers were a lot of fun to watch. The humor is definitely low-brow and sexual but they carry it off with energy and style. The contortionist will give you the creeps! The zombie theme is just a way to carry off the humor with a mock-horror format instead of in-your-face crudity.
5	Where do I begin! I had to convince my roommate to come with me to see this show, as it wasn't something she was interested in. She and I both loved it. It exceeded our expectations. Non stop laughter. There isn't a dull moment in the show. The cast is all worthy of Broadway. Hands down the best show on the Las Vegas strip!
5	Surprisingly hilarious with catchy tunes, great singing, amazing dancing and titillating tassels. When I heard of Zombie burlesque, I thought the show was going to be D-list camp.  But we had free passes to a V theater show, and this one sounded like the show with the best potential.  With low or high expectations, this show will blow your mind. It's that good.The music is lively, loud, and hilarious. The jokes are insane, dirty, hilarious, but are never heavy handed or too much. The makeup is very zombieriffic. It's just an awesome show with a clever story and a super talented cast.  There is T&A to mix with the comedy, which was fun. They have an insanely talented hip hop dance routine toward the end of the show that is not for the faint of heart... let's just say there is a lot of dislocating going on in the routine.I highly recommend going to this show. You will not regret it and you also get a free jello shot!
4	Raunchy and funny. A year earlier my friends and I saw Absinthe and were looking for something similar. I gave absinthe five stars and this gets four. It's very entertaining. Lots if dirty jokes. An insane contortionist hip hop dancer named turf. And some good dancing, singing , vaudevillian routines. Live music. Small theatre. Audience participation. A good show for adults not for kids.
5	This show is one word. . .FUN! This is definitely a must see if you're visiting or a local (which I am). My husband and I didn't really know what to expect, but we were pleasantly surprised and had a blast. The music is great, the host is a riot and the performers are truly talented. If you're easily offended, you might want to skip this but I thought there was just the right amount of raunchiness without being totally cheap and tasteless. We've seen a lot of shows since moving here 4 months ago and this is hands down at the top of the list. As I said we're locals; that being said, we'd go see this show at least once a month. . .it's that good!
5	This show is HYSTERICAL! Enoch is phenomenal and the whole cast ROCKS. The long haired male dancer is ridiculous and fantastic. So funny, talented, great to watch. This show is a steal, too. You get a huge bang for your buck plus Jell-O shots. Just. Go. Go!!!! GOOOO!
5	Perfect for a bachelor or bachelorette gathering or just to watch something you won't get anywhere else. Rated X yet with it never seems too much.  Small theater and you expect a small theater show but the show is figuratively too big for its' size.  The entire cast is overwhelmingly talented.  I can't get this enthusiasm from a Cirque show.  There is an insane mix that never leaves you bored.  Ballet couple performance with instrumental Cranberries song, aerial performance, pole dancing, tap dancing, show tunes, live band, live singing, amazing contortionist with dub playing in the background, etc. etc.
5	This show was great. Just enough raunch to keep it interesting, but not too much to feel like you are in the wrong place. The host was hilarious and kept the crowd involved. The dancers were awesome and hilarious. The music was great and loud. We sat in the front row and it was amazing! Also, free jello shots!!!
5	The worst part of the show was the walk up those stairs in heels... LOL ok really high heels, but the show was amazing. Its fun, a unique twist on burlesque and you can still tell the performance is done by classically trained artists w/ a sense of humor, wit, and sarcasm. I laughed so hard. Very interactive! 5 stars but I would honestly give more.
5	Funny, entertaining and the performers are very talented.  There's no crazy stripping just fun humor and fast paced.  The performance is not your basic speak easy feeling, it has a definite vibe that you will enjoy.   Plan on audience participation.  Hope to see the show expand so it can reach its full potential.   I recommend this affordable show located planet Hollywood.
5	Very fun !! AwesomeMusic and a whole lot of zombie tits and booty.  Get ur tickets on group on, half off!!!  Call in and reserve seats over the phone and get to the show about 30 mins early.Lots of good dancing and funny music, free Jell-O shot too!!
4	Something to do, inexpensive and after a few drinks you probably would like it!! A show not for the right wing Republican staunch Fxxxx Fatheads. Small theater personal people and just a diversion from the gambling, drinking and debauchery of Las Vegas!!
5	I was very pleased with show!!! Very sexy and entertaining I totally felt the Vegas Atmosphere while watching this show!!! You definitely get to see zombie booty and bobbies :) my husband and I had a GREAT TIME!!! I bought my tickets thru groupon didn't want to spend  a whole lot of money for a Vegas show so I went on Yelp look at the reviews before I purchased tickets and I'm glad I did!!!
3	Ah brings me back to when I thirteen and the low brow humor that I appreciated at that age! Nice to see some T&A by the dancers, however they look like they are teenagers, not zombies or burlesque women. Did not know why they had a black male contortionist in the show, it had nothing to do with burlesque. (We saw him the next night as a street performer at Freemont Experience doing the same act)  One of the audience members they brought up on stage was so drunk he had pissed his pants - so that was good for a laugh.Here are some hints:1. Bring ear plugs2. Stand near the stage door as you wait in the bar area to get good seats during open seating3. Drinks lots of booze because you will laugh more4. Pass if you are religious or easily offended by sexual and racial humor5. Again - Bring ear plugs6. Bring an extra pair of ear plugs for your date7. Drink even more booze8. Don't expect too much from the show and you'll say "that was fun"
3	Good show, lots of energy. We did enjoy it a lot, even though calling it a "burlesque" was quite a stretch. That part of the show was very tame. I'd give it a PG-13 at most. Is Sin City totally "family friendly" now? Sad.
4	For those who read my reviews know that I love saving money and groupon is the way to go. On groupon right now these tix are $69 for two however, I got two tix for $39! (On certain days they have discounts and on top of that there's coupon codes!!) . . . Anyway, $19.50 for a show in vegas is already outstanding! We sat with group A, which means your seats are infront of the stage. We sat 6 rows from the stage to be exact and they were perfect seats. I do not recommend VIP seating!! You are basically almost laying down with the lights of the stage hitting you in the face. The show was entertaining. There was a live band playing and the zombie ladies were great singers. Some acts were funny, a couple had a chance to go on stage to participate in a game, & they gave green jello shots. . .it was worth $19.50. . .
5	Who doesn't enjoy a good laugh? I sure do!!!!!!I love the jokes and craziness in this show because I can't help myself and Crack up! The host is so funny and there is so much eye candy for guys and gals.One of my favorite bits is the couples game as a random couple goes on stage and has to answer some racy questions, the cast has so much fun with these guys and they even win a prize! So funny and clever! Let's not forget the crazy contortionist! My entire body was hurting just watching him, WOW!!!! I love this show!
5	It was an unexpected zombie experience. It definitely exceeded my expectations. It had a variety of entertainment including comedy, singing, dancing, a live band and a mini game show. They gave free Jell-O shots!
3	For the price the show was decent, raunchy humor and half naked girls. Very small venue, doesn't really matter too much on where you sit. Located on the upper part of the theater, if there is another show going on, you can kind of hear the music from the other performance.Free Jell-O shots in the middle of the show. :) Funny and silly show, it's just one of those shows that you just got to try at least once!
4	Had a great time at this off beat fun show. TIP don't  sit in the first  few rows is is murder on your neck
5	Excellent show! I went with a group of bachelors who are really into this stuff. I was worried I wasn't going to like the show since I never got into the whole zombie scene. I was very pleasantly surprised. It was one of the best shows we have seen on the strip.Fairly small auditorium. There are no 'bad seats'.I would definitely recommend the show to someone else.
3	Too much talking. Not enough dancing. Ther r 4 girls dancing and perhaps only 1 was hot. The guys doing the dancing messed up the burlesque. The host needs to talk less and let the girls do a better job. The girls r not dancing sexy enough for it to be a burlesque.
5	Awesome show, laughed the whole time, great audience participation and wasn't as raunchy as some might fear. Would go again, good for a date night if a sense of humor is present.
3	We came to see this show pretty much because we had nothing better to do on the Friday night and we were able to get some Groupon tickets that made it worthwhile. For what you pay I guess it's not a bad hour and a half of entertainment but the show is kind of cheesy and not really that funny. And as a burlesque show I expected to see some boobs but there really were not any nudity. The most nudity they displayed was topless performers but they had large pasties on their boobs. They do get the audience involved and get some of them up on stage and also interact with the people in the first couple of rows. If you can find a cheap deal and have nothing better to do and it's really cold outside and you are really really bored you can check that show out. Nothing I would call back for...
