1	One star for not breaking a $100 bill if total is $20 bucks.
2	The pizza was warm well I would say almost cold, It looked like it had been sitting in someone's counter. Just Gross
4	3.5 stars rounded up to 4. Come one people! Either you like it or you don't! In my case, I like it because of the fact that it's only 5 bucks for a large cheese or pepperoni pizza! My kids love this stuff and it's easy on my wallet. The pizza itself is not the best but good enough for me and my family! The first paragraph pretty much sums up the 4 stars. I would of gave them 5 stars not too long ago. Why? Because before the crazy bread was only 99 cents and it automatically came with marinara sauce to dip it in. Now it costs 2.50 and the marinara sauce is extra now. Their wings are pretty good too which used to be 5 bucks for an order of 6. Now it's 6 bucks. Really? A dollar a wing? The wings and breadsticks alone would satisfy me. Now that luxury is gone and we just have the 5 dollar pizzas to go by. As for service, sometimes it hit or miss. Often times its a miss when they have the lunch and dinner rush. You cant blame them for being really busy those times because like I said, its hard to beat a large 5 dollar pizza that is ready to go as soon as you pay. The misses are usually if you call for take out and order some of the other pizzas that are not pre made. Since they are constantly pumping out 5 dollar large cheese and pepperoni pizzas, regular orders get mixed up, which happened to me a couple times. They would forget a topping or put a topping I didn't want.So hate these guys all you want. Bottom line is, their 5 dollar pizzas are hard to beat especially when you have kids and want to save money. It's a win win for both parties. I would say enjoy this deal while it is still good because my assumption is that it will go up to 6 bucks as well eventually.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #67
5	The pizza is so fresh and the crust is very soft and crunchy where it needs to be. They are such a great price for the product. We use them all the time.
4	They had a lunch deal with 4 slices and a drink but I didn't mind paying a buck more for a whole pizza. This meant if have leftovers anyway so it worked out. I've been by for lunch a couple times now and the pizza has been fresh, hot, and most important it tasted good. You can't beat a pizza for $5 that actually tastes decent. The crazy bread is always a plus too. The girl working behind the counter was nice and inside was clean. The parking lot can be crazy at certain times. Call your order in if you want a certain pizza to avoid any wait.
1	Well at first glance the pizza was burnt but look alright. A few slices in my friend found a huge black hair BAKED INTO the pizza. Disgusting. Will not be going back.
3	During Sunday Night Football, I shimmied on over to Little Caesars during half-time. Surprise, surprise, the line was out the door. I didn't mind though because I was expecting to walk into a madhouse. The line whittled down pretty quickly and I ordered my $5 hot-n-ready cheese pizza. The cashier was friendly and told me she was sorry but there would be a wait for my pizza. No worries! I swooped up an empty seat and 5 minutes later, BAM, my pizza was ready. You could say that since I had to wait, my pizza technically was not "hot and ready" as advertised. The upside was that my pizza was super fresh and hot right out of the oven.  Yeah Little Caesars doesn't have the best pizza, but for $5 for a large pizza, there's really no room to complain. To boot, this Little Caesars has a great location. It's right next to a Baskin Robbins and a Starbucks across from the Smith's shopping center on Ann and Camino El Norte.
