4	If you want Mexican food in this area, do not make the mistake of going to the nearby Hal-O-Penos Mexican Cafe for "microwaved mexican food" and instead get some more authentic Mexican food from Los Armandos.  You can't have a bad Mexican place and start your restaurant name with "Los", huh?Any of their burritos should be superb but the pollo asado burrito is a staple for me when I go to taqueria burrito places so please take this advice if you're in the area.
3	Not a bad place. Plenty of menu choices, and the food was better than I would have expected. I had a couple tacos, topped with sauce from the salsa bar. Pretty good meats, decent toppings, and I'd say above average rice.
4	Excellent cheap, authentic Mexican. I have been coming here since 2003.  As a vegetarian I usually get the vegetarian burrito.  A great deal ($4-$5)! I also enjoy the potato and cheese burrito ordered off menu ($3). The chips, quacumole and cheese are made with quality ingredients and I never skip the amazing salsa bar. I decided to be adventurous recently and get the cheese enchilidas with rice and beans. The sauce was tasty but the rest fell short. I'll stick to the burrito.It helps if you or your dining buddy speak basic spanish. The staff always enjoys my friend's spanglish when attempting to ensure "no carne" is in our food.As a 24 hour joint, I usually stop by in the wee hours.  However, I had lunch the other day with the same great quality! A relief to know my intoxication was not the sole reason for my love of the place.
4	When we don't feel like driving to Fiesta Burrito, our next best place for "OS" food is Los Armandos. Descent food, descent prices. Our favorites - Adobada burrito or Adobada plate (plate comes with beans, rice, and a tortilla)Don't forget the green sauce!
4	Late one night, compelled by hunger and a dwindling bank account my boyfriend and I decided to try Los Armandos on a dare. While we are not picky eaters caution is the watch word when considering a place to grab a late night nosh.To our surprise, we quickly discovered two things: #1) exceedingly low prices and #2) and after midnight no one in the joint speaks English.On our first trip we ordered Carne Asada for me and a #6 combo platter for my other half. Upon arriving at our mutual dwellings, we both crossed ourselves and said a prayer, then when at it.The Carne Asada fries filled the styrofoam container to the breaking point; the meat was very tender, very flavorful and very plentiful and the fries were freshly 'Frenched.'My boyfriend's #6 combo platter taco/beef burrito with rice and beans left him hovering 18" above the floor for several hours after he consumed the food.In all, we have become true devotees of this well-lit hole in the wall little patch of Mexico!We highly recommend to this place anyone who happens to be low on cash, big on appetite and in the general vicinity.
4	Adobado burrito. Five bucks. Open 24 hours. 'Nuff said!
1	I would absolutely love to tell you that I discovered a gem on Thomas Road. I would love to be able to write how magnificent this place was but alas, I can't. I never got to taste anything. I never got to order anything. I walked into this dirt hole, holding my breath and tongue, and willing to order something in the hope that I could find some good Mexican food (good Mexican food is actually an oxymoron), anyway, I stood where it said "order here." I stood, and stood, I looked around, it appeared there was still business being conducted. A couple were eating in a booth. Hmmm....I stood. Waiting. No one came out from the back to acknowledge me, or take my order.Now this isn't Pizzeria Bianco where if you ignore me I will wait. If you spit on me I will wipe it off and take the abuse to be able to experience the pizza. No, this is a dirty, disgusting Mexican dump situated a few feet across from an hourly motel and down the street from a strip club. This place should be lucky anyone has walked in and kiss my feet. Well, I gave up, I started to walk out and just as I was heading to the door, some "person" walked out from the back. I left.If the service is that bad, I can't believe the food is going to sway me otherwise. In fact, I feel like I was saved from a case of botulism or diphtheria.
3	The food here was good! I had chorizo with scrambled eggs. It was good although I wished I had gotten the carne asada; that is one of my favorites.My friend and I saw some characters at this place. I think they come out late at night.1) A couple walked in and the lady yelled "ya'll busy" - if she looked, she would have noticed that we were the only [two] people in the restaurant besides them. #facepalm2) A few minutes before we were about to leave two guys walked in with a 12 pack of beer!? I think they left the beer inside while they went out to smoke a cigarette.
3	I like this place. great beef taco plate
4	i thought it was good and it's cheap mexican. just dont expect anything fancy-don't know that i would actually eat inside.
1	Food is eh. Service is TERRIBLE! They are rude and don't care about customers. Asked if they had more carrots because they were out in the front the lady went in the back and came out 15 minutes later because another employee told her I was there. I asked again about the carrots and she just said "we don't have any" she didn't even look!! Thanks for telling me and wasting my time! The armados a few blocks down is so much better!! I don't know how this place stays open for business.
4	How to tell a good hole in the wall mexican place: they have horchata, and it doesn't come from a fountain. This place has horchata, and while they don't have one of those horchata-mixer things on display, it tasted pretty fresh. They also have a menu completely full of things that sound tasty - in fact, they seemed to have run out of space for tastiness on their menu, cause there was a second overflow menu under it, also full of things that sounded tasty. Though they realized they were out of sopes after ringing one up, and had to give me a taco instead, but oh well. If you're staying at one of the hotels around here, and you want cheap food, this is the place to go. Service is pretty terrible (mostly because it's a tossup whether anyone will speak enough English to be useful), but do you really care at a place like this? Note: I came back the next year, I dunno what it was, the food wasn't as good this year as last year. Still good, though.
5	They very helpful and very friendly....went twice in one day ...both time employees were very friendly...best burrito I have eaten in a while!!!
1	On 4/21/14 at around 7:43PM i tried to order two 99 cent burritos and add cheese. The cashier rung up the charge to a total of $7.  :(   The cashier is a moron who can't add math.    I informed him that it is Monday and on Monday there is 99 cent special for bean burritos.   He told me no, we no longer offer that.  Then i said" Just for today or for now on?   He said" Yes, no longer offer that for now on".    I looked at the table nearby and the 99 cent special is still on the coupon.    I walked out before i could start cussing him out. Description of cashier: Hispanic man Wearing a apron, hat and reading glasses hanging from his neck. No name tag on his shirt.  Very bad customer service..  This same Cashier 4 weeks ago overcharged me by $3. i asked for the correct change and he gave me $2 more back.  I was so pissed at this point i just left.  I'm calling the manager of this restaurant to complain about this man. The manager should tell the man to change his ways or get fired.  Simple as that. As long as that cashier is still working at this restaurant i will not buy anything from them.
4	I love this place!!! Better than the other huge franchise in the valley. The cashier is so sweet and the food is always great. I hesitated going for awhile, because from the street it's not that impressive and if you're from here you know that getting good food here is a crap shoot. But I was running late one day so gave it a shot. The carne asada burrito is so good and the rolled taco supreme is just beyond words. Tricky to eat, but amazing. Wasn't crazy about their milk cake though, it was soggy, like it had been frozen and defrosted
2	Went through the drive thru, the chef I'm assuming came out and said hi and went back in. 15 mins later a different guy can to take my order. I almost thought they were closed? I just got three rolled tacos with rice and beans for 4.20$. Rang up to 5.50$? Guy didn't give me a fork so I had to eat with my salsa lid. The rice was hard halfway in, probably old, I did come at 830am. Rolled tacos were decent, can't really mess that up. This place was a bunch of disappointments one after the other. I won't be back.
4	This place is delicious. For my meal I got a carne asada chimichanga and shrimp chiveche. It was so good. Definitely will come back again. The guy at the counter who served us was very nice as well.
1	Becareful of this place""""
2	The only reason I go to this place is because it's across the street from the hotel I stay at when I'm in town. Normally the service is ok, but today was different. Waited 5+ minutes for somebody to finally come out of the back and take my order. When he did it really didn't seem like he was paying attention. Maybe it was the cigarette tucked behind his ear. I walk back to my room and nothing on my order was correct. I went back and returned it and asked for my money back. Guess I won't be supporting this business during my future trips!
