3	Italian Eatery? What? I thought this was just a pizza place. Oh  yeah, they do offer baked ziti and salads and lasagna, so I guess it is an eatery. I like Sbarros for two reasons. When I lived in Dallas, this was my place to stop by at the mall and watch all the ice skaters on the ice rink, fall, break their bones, noses etc. It reminds me of the good ol times when I didn't have all the worries of the world and actually had time to have a good laugh. Sigh~. The second reason I like Sbarros is because of their Mushroom Pizza! Yum. The taste is completely different than any other mushroom pizza I have ever eaten but having said, it has a nice buttery aftertaste which is what I look forward to each time I bite into that thing and it never disappoints. The pizza slices itself are pretty large for me to handle so I always ask for them to slice'em in half. I know, such a girl!The baked ziti is good too. You can order the baked ziti as a side or as an entree. Okay, so here comes the minus two stars part. The last time I went to this place, there were three servers working behind the counter. All I wanted was a slice of mushroom pizza and a little baked ziti for my little'un. Well, they wouldn't have any of it. I felt like I was seriously trying to be up sold for the entree, and then the salad, and then the large drink and then the combo. It kept going on and on from all three of the servers. I think one of them was the boss and they were seriously trying to reel me in. I really don't like that feeling and hey, all I wanted was a slice of pizza. I felt like i was at a car dealership for a second there. Will I go back here for another slice? Sure. If they try to up sell me again, probably not the next time.
1	as a kid, i remember going to sbarro in the malls back in illinois. even as a teenager, we would still hit up sbarro. i remember the pizza being huge slices of super thin, delicious, greasy pizza.i dont know what happened. the gf and i were at fashion square and i thought i could relive my youth.i could not have been more wrong. talk about garbage pizza. i had a slice of cheese and a slice of pepperoni. the pizza tasted and looked like it was just a reheated, frozen pizza. the crust sucked, the slice was small with a thicker crust, the sauce tasted like sweet artificiality. and not "sweet" as in "good," "sweet" as in too much sugar." and the cheese congealed in about 30 secs to a weird, fake cheese consistency.they also had other italian entrees sitting in the trays, but these looked like they had been sitting in the same spot since the mall opened that morning.the gf made fun of me when i said i was going to yelp the sbarros at the mall . . . but i want to save anyone else from having their teenage mall memories drowned in gross tomato sauce and crappy crust.
1	I new this place sucked from the last time I ate here but for some odd reason I was tempted to eat here again well I was right it still sucks I had a hankering for spagetti and meatballs first I will say the sauce was watery and had very little flavor the meat balls tasted like a lot of filler and also had a strange flavor the bread stick was ok ...
1	Dreadful food ( have not tried their pizza). The lemon chicken and the Greek salad were tolerable, but the spaghetti and sauce, plus the chicken parmigiana, we're tasteless. I would suggest, if you want Italian, go to a real Italian eatery ( Uncle Sals comes to mind)! This is warmed over food at its worst. Spaghetti on ice heated by immersing in hot water is unacceptable. Food should be fresh at the very least.
2	I swear the pizza was better before.  =(  It was warm and the cheese was just bearly melting.
2	Is there a Food Court in America that doesn't have a Sbarro's?  I remember when we first stumbled upon Sbarro's on Lexington Avenue and 58th Street, oh so many years ago. I believed this was the family's first store in Manhattan.  The food now, as it was then is somewhat respectable east coast Italian pizza.Don't get me wrong, it's nothing special.  The pasta has been pre-cooked and is just sitting there waiting for it's final watery bath before being served to you.  I have never been a fan of this eeck. But the pizza is not bad for what it is, somewhat above the freezer case variety.
5	I work in the mall and didn't have my debit card one day, so the general manager (I think) gave me a bowl of ziti and told me to pay it when I had a chance. A few weeks later I came by again to pay for the bowl of ziti and I saw a card being ran (not mine) and the guy who gave me the bowl of ziti whispering to the cashier and I was not charged for the ziti and only for the pizza judging off of the price. I'm impressed by this establishment and they have definitely made it on my list of places to go at the mall. Thank you again!
