1	I have only been once, this past Sunday, but left after nearly three hours. It was as if Sanford & Son had taken over an auction house. I kept waiting for TLC to show up with a camera crew; it was such utter chaos.There must have been 600 lots up for auction, ranging from nice Victorian-era furniture to very cheap trinkets you might encounter at Goodwill. Auction lots were hand labeled/numbered with tape, but this soon seemed meaningless as there was no rhyme, reason or order to what lot was auctioned next. Mr. Brunk, the owner, would wander the room picking up pots and pans for the next item, or another painting, while the previous item was being auctioned. And there was no printout or listing. If you came for one specific item, or items, listed on their website, you were liable to be stuck there the entire day waiting, hopeful, that luck would be on your side and your item would be randomly picked next from the dusty hoard.Mind you, just because your item(s) were listed on the website for that day doesn't seem to mean they were going to be actually auctioned off that day. We drove 42 miles from Chandler across the valley to Sun City for this "auction" only to be informed in Mr. Brunk's opening monologue (he should do standup) that they hadn't bothered to unpack or sort all the boxes this week. In short, for us, the items we had planned to bid on but couldn't find on the floor, were apparently still in boxes and would likely (no guarantee) be up for bid next Sunday.Speaking of standing, we arrived to find a large building with easily 100+ seats inside, but most, if not all, were marked with tape, reserving them for "regulars" of the auction. We could understand this practice if, indeed, the regulars would bid on things, but from what we could tell, many of the regulars came for the bar-b-que sandwiches (pretty good), the cameraderie (fine, whatever), and the fun of a day out of the house in dusty, windswept Sun City, AZ. Within minutes of the auction starting, we counted at least six "regulars" already fast asleep in chairs that might have gone to actual bidders who were left standing around the room's edges.After nearly three hours, we'd had enough. Mind you, these folks were pro's at getting people to pay $50 for chipped glass boxes you can get for $5 at the swap meet, which is probably where they found them.If you're looking for "Honey Boo Boo & Family Go to the Auction", you'll find no better place... and the BBQ was decent.
5	I've been to a number of auctions in both Texas and Illinois, and I can say that this is one of the best auction houses I've seen.  Tons of stuff--mostly great with some crap thrown in for diversion I guess--but they run a well-run auction house.I had a license to do auctions in Texas for a part of my life and do have some knowledge of how they should be run and this one is good.Just prepare to spend from 8 am to maybe 3 or 4 pm if you want to see the whole thing.  It makes for a very long day...not that you HAVE to stay all day.  You can just stay for the portion you are interested in and leave or figure out how to time it anyway.The girls who answer the phones and greet you at the window will help you as they are very courteous to all I find and very glad to help.However, a friend who was with me wanted a baby carriage for a doll she had as a child.  She got an antique turn of the Century one for $75, so when I got home priced it for her on the net:  $250.Yes, if you have the patience this is what you can sometimes do at these auctions, so just hang in there and adopt the Patience is a virtue philosophy.
