4	Just finished a year lease here.  I know it's really popular to bag on every apartment complex on Yelp, but this place is solid.Pros:The office staff is excellent, which I can very rarely say - Dan and Robin do an awesome job, have maintenance out immediately after you request it, and will help out it dire circumstances.  I once gave a friend coming into town the wrong key when he dropped by my job across town to pick it up, I called the office and asked them to let them in and they walked down and opened my apartment for my friends (after verifying my identity via email).The community is quiet.Prices are very reasonable.The cons:The apartments were built in the 80's, and look like they were built in the 80's, but have been maintained well.  You get what you pay for, neither super cheap nor luxury.
5	I love living here! It is quiet and the staff is amazing. Anytime I've needed anything, they've taken care of it on the same day. There has been no turnover and it's been great working with the same people consistently since I've lived there. They always go above and beyond; in fact, when I needed a jump for my car, a staff member was right there and ready to help. I would recommend this complex to anyone!
2	I never write reviews but I lived here for almost 5 years ever since I left my home state in Wisconsin! My apartment had multiple leaks through it in the years and the parking lot floods BADLY every time it rains hard!!!!! The parking got so bad with water that it flooded INSIDE my car which the complex dismissed!! Then when I moved out I cleaned the apartment from top to bottom (except the tub that for whatever reason wouldn't get clean) and they charged me up the ass!!!!! The apartments are nice but they are VERY overpriced!!!!
5	I was just there on a one year lease in a two bedroom apartment recently, and I actually really liked it! Maintenance was excellent and timely on requests. Dan and Robin were excellent in the office, always taking care of the residents there. Dan was exceptionally friendly since day one of meeting him and getting a tour of the place. He   had incredible, genuine customer service! (Another rarity to find among apartment complex staff members). There was one incident I had where my apartment flooded a bit because my bathroom sink would not turn off. (It may have been my fault since I could not find the emergency shut off switch... lol) And regardless, they took care of everything and did not charge me at all for it! They were very reasonable about it and fixed it right away. My only complaint is that it may have been a bit overpriced, but it is Scottsdale after all. You pay like $150 more just to live in the city regardless of what apartment complex you are at. It was a very quiet apartment complex and I literally never had a single problem with my neighbors or any suspicious activity going on (which is what you expect from a lot of apartment complexes these days... lol). I would recommend this place to a friend any day!
