1	Don't waste your time or money going here. Absolutely no customer service skills, very rude and absolutely do not stand behind the products they sell. Two weeks ago I purchased a tattoo machine as a spare and a bunch of supplies for my wife who does permanent make up. I spent quite  bit of money and was told that the tattoo machine came with a 30 day warranty. Two days ago my wife was having trouble with her regular machine and decided to give this new one a try, it turned out that she did not like the way the machine performed for permanent make up and brought it home that night for me to exchange it. When I went back to the store today and explained that my wife did not like how the machine worked the manager/owner told me that the machine looked like it had been smashed against a wall.. I told him that was absurd that the machine was not dented or scratched and it looked just as it did when I purchased. I explained that when the sales girl showed it to me it was sitting on a shelf unboxed and unprotected and that she herself said that the box for it had been lost and had to search for another box to put it in for me. I looked at it and since it seemed to be in good shape I purchased it and gave it to my wife. I explained that the problem is not that the machine doesn't work it's just that it doesn't work well for her purposes and I again stressed that it had never even been dropped. The manager/owner then looked at the machine again and now said that it looked like it had been been opened up. I asked him how would we do that if we don't have the tools or the knowledge to that and even if we did why would we do that if we knew we had a 30 day warranty on it and all we had to do was bring it back to the store rather than try and blindly figure out the problem ourselves. He kept accusing me of dropping it and/or opening it. He kept saying that he was not taking it back and that we just had to deal with it. I told him I'm not looking for a refund I just want to exchange it for another machine that might work better for my wife. He said no way that we were stuck and to just deal with it. He was very unprofessional, uncaring and unwilling to help. Do yourself a favor and find another place to get your supplies and spend your hard earned money. This place doesn't deserve your business and I'm sure probably will not be around for long. If I could I would give them 1/2 a star and they don't even deserve that.
5	My boyfriend and I come here for basic supplies, green soap, gloves, etc. We got to know the employees there while they were having a "pound of flesh" event. Really cool people, and it's our go to place for supplies. Not sure how you could negatively rate this place.
5	The only spot I go for supplies!Always stocked up, fair and competitive prices, and the staff is awesome! Super friendly and always willing to order something you need if they don't have it! They even gave me a free RCA conversion to test out on my machine.. Classy folks for sure
