5	I got invited here for a special friends and family only preview tonight (the restaurant will open for the first time to the public tomorrow) and tried the ribs and the tri-tip. The ribs were smoked in a real BBQ and were excellent. They were served without sauce and you can choose the classic or the southwest spicy if you like. The tri-tip was cooked medium rare and very good. I loved the jalapeno beans, they were exceptionally good. The green beans were ok. The jalapeno cornbread was really good.The prices are good, the meal I had would have cost $10 for two meats, two sides, and one cornbread. Today it was free to those who were invited.They will be open tomorrow to the general public but the official grand opening is May 3rd. I'll definitely be back to do another review after they officially open.
4	This place opened up right next to another BBQ joint.  Bad for them, good for me!  First off, it is cafeteria style. That means you don't wait to eat. You go to the counter, point at what you want, and voila! In BBQ Heaven!This isn't the BEST BBQ I have ever had. But for the money you would be hard pressed to find a better value. I didn't try any of the sandwiches, IMO if you're going to a BBQ place for a sandwich you're wasting your time. I tried the brisket, carnitas, baked beans, mac and cheese, corn bread, corn, and iced tea. All that for $10.Brisket was good, would have preferred a little more moist, but that's a personal preference. Carnitas were perfect. Beans and the Jalapeno Cornbread, and corn were great. Mac was lacking a little in the flavor department. I'll definitely be back again, especially since I've only had a small portion of what the menu has to offer.
2	I would have to say the best thing about CSS is the interior.  Very well done and offers a great ambiance.  The food on the other hand was rather disappointing.  I tried the Brisket, Spare Ribs, Sausage, potato salad, mac and cheese and corn bread.  For the most part everything was pretty bland and lacked a good smoke flavor.  The brisket was moist but no ring which leads me to believe it was put on the smoker to give it some color but then was taken off and wrapped and placed in an oven.  The sausage had a good smoky color and flavor but the spices within the sausage were nothing more than you find in a store bought sausage.  My sides were overall bland and the corn bread was very dry.  I was able to try some samples from my friends meals and I would say the beef rib was very well done and tasty.  The pie was also very good.  The food is served cafeteria style which is difficult for me to get past, It lends itself to questioning how long ago the food was prepared.  Also I did not get a strong smell of smoke inside the restaurant.  Overall I think CSS would be a viable BBQ option for the area if they were not located right next to another BBQ joint.  They have stiff competition and currently are lacking in the flavor department by a long way.
5	As a Texan, this is the best BBQ I've had in Arizona!  The food is awesome.  The staff is friendly and eager to serve.  The establishment is beautiful and clean.  I highly recommend this place! Love it!
4	Just had lunch there.  EVERYTHING I had was really good.  The carnitas were wonderful!  The sausage had great flavor.  TriTip could have used a little more flavor (dry rub), but all in all it was good.  Baby back ribs are really good too.  A little smaller than I would like, but they were all meat and no fat (huge plus).  Tried a couple of sides and they were all very good too.  I WILL be going back.  They have a large menu, so there is something for everyone on it.Home run for me was on the way out of the restaurant...they have a small table setup with wooden tokens.  You take one token and put it into one of three bowls.  Each bowl represents a different charity.  They take a percentage from the meal that you just bought and donate it to the charity.  What a great idea.  Not only are you getting some good BBQ, but you are also helping a charity out.
3	Very enthusiastic service, but the spicy pork bbq sandwich that I had was on the bland side, and not very flavorful. The sirloin side was much better. A co-worker had the brisket sandwich, and he really liked it.
3	A friend and I just happened upon this place on it's opening day.  The staff out numbered the patrons by about 3 to 1 which was a bit overwhelming.  Everyone was very nice and helpful but had no less than 3 people come by and check if everything was ok, had too many people giving suggestions on what we should try when we ordered, etc.  Food was good but a bit on the spicy side for me and I prefer a saucy bbq, they use a dry rub.  Overall, not a bad place to grab a bite and staff was very nice.  They need to offer fountain sodas though.
4	(Will probably be a five star when I can get a cold beer to enjoy with my BBQ) First tried their smoked beef jerky at a charity golf tournament before they opened and it was delicious. The interior is beautifully done and a tribute the the owner of this franchise who also builds custom log homes. They are serious about smoked meats as you might derive from the name and it doesn't disappoint. All the meats I have tried (jerky, brisket, tri-tip, baby back ribs & sausage) are smoked perfectly and really did not require any sauce to enhance the flavor. If you prefer sauce on your meats they have you covered as well. Both the regular and the southwest style are very good. I haven't tried to many of the sides yet, but the jalapeno beans and coleslaw were both pretty good. I really love the enthusiasm and knowledge of the GM and the staff. Very friendly and knowledgeable about the food and the history of the restaurant. It has a small family owned feel to the business that I hope they are able to keep as they expand the concept outside of New Mexico and Arizona. Definitely a home run for me and I will make it a regular in the rotation.
1	My friends and I tried LSS for lunch yesterday. I give this restaurant five stars for atmosphere but only on star for food. The food was old and tired. I'm guessing the cooks prepared to much food for lunch and let it sit on the cafeteria line for dinner. We tried to eat the following:Baby back and ST louis ribs, both were dry and tasteless. The pulled pork was not editable. We saw the manager add water to the pan to breath life into the pork. It didn't work. The tri tip was over cooked. The brisket tasted like bad pot roast and it had a green tint to it. The sausage was tasteless. The corn bread muffin was so so. The Mac and cheese was bland. Honestly we had high hopes for this restaurant but after spending $60 for three of us and dumping most of the food in the garbage, we won't be back. My one suggestion to the manager, don't cook so much ahead of time. After the food sits out for hours really how can it be fresh and good.
2	First time we went to Rudy's we spotted this place under construction.  Well, now they're open.  We decided to give it a try.  Tried their pulled pork, their shredded beef, and their sliced brisket.The service was very enthusiastic.  Employees were eager to help and explain stuff.  Also, the ambiance of the place is very nice.  Much better than Rudy's (or Joe's).  it's a much more relaxing environment to eat.  I really liked it.They use a cafeteria/deli approach.  You get in line, walking past the case and pointing at what you want.  Sorta like Joe's, actually.  But they pack it up and label it like the grocery store deli.  Not saying this is a problem.  It's just how they do it.The pulled pork was fine.  Nothing special.  Just OK.  The shredded beef was not as good.  It wasn't bad, but it just didn't taste like barbecue to me.  It tasted like shredded beef.  Which is fine, but where's the BBQ?  Where's the smoke?  Their sliced brisket was moist and tender, and tasted like an oven-roasted brisket.  Basically no smoke flavor at all, and if there was a rub (they said there was), it was very (VERY!!) mild.All in all, disappointing.  It might be fine for people that like bland food (hey, there's nothing wrong with that!), but it wasn't really barbecue, in my opinion.  If their food was like Rudy's or Joe's, combined with their dining room ambiance, we'd have a new barbecue place.  But it wasn't even close.  Again, I'm not saying it was bad.  But it definitely wasn't as bold and flavorful as barbecue is supposed to be.My wife did like their fresh jerky.  So there is that.  But I doubt they will survive long when they are literally across the street from the bold flavors of Rudy's.  Not unless they change their recipes.  Prices are comparable to Rudy's, but not the flavors.(Sorry for mentioning Rudy's so much, but as they are less than 100' apart they are inviting comparisons.)
4	I went there last week for the 1st time. Lovely decor. Food was great' I tried their chopped beef sandwich. The sauce has a sweet BBQ flavor. The meat was tender and very flavor able. sides were good also.
2	To be fair, I did not plan on eating at Can't Stop Smoking BBQ but did not want to wait in line at Rudy's BBQ. Here is my review.First, why open a restaurant with a competing vision and style? Rudy's and Can't Stop Smoking both do the bbq niche with a cafeteria style service, which I am not a big fan of.  The staff was o.k. but when I said something about bbq places in phoenix she said some retort about only one or two "real" bbq joints in town..Seriously I'm not a foodie just hungry and want to eat.  The staff behind the counter were incredibly helpful when it came to meal choices and they were friendlier than the waitstaff.I ordered the 1/2 chicken combo.  The chicken was well cooked and tasty, liked that there was no sauce so I could put as much or not as I wanted later. The jalapeno cornbread muffin was stale and bland.  I had the mac n cheese and garlic potatoes for sides..Not very tasteful and not warm enough! I could have made better macaroni and cheese at home, seriously.  I probably wouldn't set foot in this establishment again until the food gets hot and service gets better.  I should have listened to my instincts and gone to Famous Daves instead, hell Boston market would have been a better choice..
3	For me, a statistical tie to its neighbor, Rudy's.  Neither very impressive.I ate here in early May (a week after Rudy's) and I do not think they were quite ready to open.  The layout and line management are clumsy.  The staff is poorly managed - it felt like watching a ladybugs soccer match (everyone runs toward the ball with nobody sticking to their stations).  And there is no reason I should have to carry a menu through a cafeteria style restaurant, where I am also carrying a bulky food tray (with 2 hands).  Just look at your neighbor - put the menu on the menuboard!Sauce tasted off-the-shelf, but was still better than its neighbor's, Rudys.3-stars are for potential.  The meat is decent.  Work out the kinks on the staff, side dishes and desserts, then do a few more tenant improvements to the menuboard and line management (see Rudy's drink tubs and cold side dish cooler), get some good beer, scrap the heavy cookie sheets used as food trays... and maybe this place can out-last Rudy's.
1	I was really looking forward to this place opening and hoped it would be good but now I'm trying to decide between one and two stars. I think two stars would lead people to believe there's something worth going here for. I've been to the one in Ruidoso and I remember it being a fair bit better. Nothing I've had here really has much flavor. If this is what these guys consider quality BBQ, they either don't have taste buds or have never had real BBQ.The mac & cheese was horrendous. I'll normally put up with weak mac & cheese but this stuff makes Kraft seem gourmet and flavorful. The corn is waterlogged and literally had no flavor. You can get better sausage from the old lady giving out lunch samples at Sam's Club.The tri-tip didn't have any flavor. I expected some kind of spice or beef flavor...or I don't know...maybe some smoke since they claim they can't stop smokin'. It just wasn't good. Save your money and go somewhere else.
3	My wife and I ate here at Can't Stop Smoking BBQ about ten days after eating at the neighbor bbq restaurant Rudy's.  The environment is rustic pleasant.  I have to agree with the review that complained about carrying around the menu and your tray.  Service was efficient and friendly.  Both BBQ sauces on the table were just OK, nothing special.  We had the combo plate, a sandwich, 2 sides and a drink, $9 each.  We chose a combination of beef brisket and pulled pork on large hamburger buns.  The bread was fresh and soft and didn't hold up well to the moist meats.  Their lemonade was good, their side not so!  We had potato salad (little flavor, hard potatoes), cole slaw (crunchy but tasteless), mac n cheese (not much flavor, had better frozen), chipotle beans (not very spicy but very tasty). The meats were quite average, much inferior to Rudy's. You get to take your own chopped onions (dry and a bit bitter), slices of tomato (good), pickle slices and peppers (average).  For $3 you can get a slice of fruit pie (4 of 5). The best I can do with a rating is 3 of 5.
3	Meh.   If this place were as good at having poor reviews hidden away as that over-hyped, over-priced, under-smoked waste of money Rudy's is, it might appear more as Rudy's equal, and to be clear, that's less of an indictment of Can't Stop Smokin's basic mediocrity and more of an indictment of Rudy's flavorless excuse for Texas barbecue and tasteless approach to review sites.I tried the pork spare ribs, Tri-tip, and sausage  ere at Can't Stop Smokin and none of them were anything to write home about or tell friends "hey, ya gotta try this!".  They were just...OK.  At least they had some smoke in them, and they weren't just seasoned with 18 lbs of black pepper, which is more than can be said for anything on the menu across the street.Same thing goes for the sides;  they're just OK.  The mac & cheese was pretty good, but the corn on the cob was mushy, the potatoes were bland,  and the butter they serve is simply butter flavored spread.  The Sauce:  Not bad.  On the sweet/bland side, but not bad.The place was clean, the staff was helpful and nice, and the linemen carefully trimmed the excess fat from the tri-tip before serving it, but between these two joints at this intersection, I've had it up to here with "barbecue" of questionable provenance that comes out of bins wrapped in saran-wrap before it's cut and served.   Phoenix:  Where's the GREAT barbecue?  The real kind that comes out of a real smoker right before it's served?   Is there any in this town?  This intersection here in Chandler sure doesn't have it, and neither do any of the handful of other places I've been here.
2	My order: brisket, smoked sausage, potatoes, jalapeno beans, jalapeno corn bread, berry pie.  Total for order: just over $13. Portions:Small (especially for a bbq place)Sauce: Bland, typical. What you would find in a bottle in a grocery store. Even the spicy was not good at all. The food: The brisket was a complete disaster. I did the pull test to see if it was cooked properly. A properly cooked brisket will be slightly elastic, but will pull apart when pulled. This brisket pulled apart with no give whatsoever. Overcooked. The flavor of the brisket, well, was nowhere to be found. No smoke ring, no smoke flavor, no real seasoning to be tasted. I have had better brisket made in an oven. I wonder if this brisket really spent any significant time in a smoker... The sausage was average, nothing special at all. Again, no smoke flavor to be found.The sides: the potatoes were good. The beans were good. Neither was amazing, but I ate them happily. The jalapeno cornbread was nasty. It lacked any taste besides jalapeno. Very bland. Desert: The pie was actually really good. I would come here to get a whole pie in the future. I am serious, the pie here was quite good. Comments: The staff was really nice and seemed to stand behind their food. However, their positive and welcoming attitude did not make up for the fact that this BBQ is weak. I cannot give them another chance, because for the prices they charge I cannot risk another meal of this caliber. Besides the pie, very disappointed and I would never eat here again. Too bad, their staff was really nice...
1	I almost didn't write this review after I read the others, because I am pretty much just echoing what has been said. I don't mind serve yourself cafeteria style, but we had to lug these huge metal pans along with the menu through the line. Not an easy task. I asked for the brisket  sandwich and the line server asked if I like sauce. I said sure...so he loaded me up with the stuff already swimming in sauce. First big mistake. My sides were coleslaw and mac and cheese (both very bland and not worth more than one taste) My husband looked at the stuff on my tray and went with the tri-tip (no sauce) and beans and garlic potatoes. He was able to eat his sandwich and potatoes at least. I took one bite of the brisket and nearly gagged from the amount of vinegar in the sauce. And the meat had been in the tray so long, it was hard to tell if it really was meat. UGH. No second chances, sorry. Just too much not to like.
4	We recently visited and thought the food was pretty yummy.  We had the brisket and pulled pork.  I also got the pinto beans and green beans. The pulled pork was flavorful and juicy.  The brisket had a pretty good smoke flavor going and was tender, but a little dry.  They need to work on their technique with the brisket. I come from Southern roots and like my pinto's spicy, but not my green beans.That must be a New Mexico thing  But they were both tasty. Hubby got the mustard greens and thought they were good too. For dessert, we had the homemade peach pie - it was heaven!! We were told they are made on the premises and it was delicious.  I am not kidding, the pie is heaven! I didn't mind the cookie sheets for trays and didn't need a menu in line. Unfortunately, Rudy's (had Rudy's in TX and it was okay) opened next door and seems to drawing business away from here (had Rudy's in TX and it was just okay).  I hope Can't Stop Smokin' can hang in there.
3	The food at this place was two stars. As others have mentioned, the meat is dry and lacks flavor. My hubby was very happy to see that they had beef ribs available but the price they charged for one (literally just one rib) was the same as you pay for a half rack everywhere else. I don't mind paying a little more at a full service place like Lucille's but if you are going to do the same cafeteria style no-frills service as the place next door, you better make sure that your food is just as good and your prices are competitive.I see no reason to ever come here again but I added a half star for having a better choice of side dishes than a lot of other BBQ joints. I hate it when BBQ places only have coleslaw and corn, yuck! The mac and cheese and spicy pinto beans I ordered at my sides were nothing special but edible. And plus another half star for offering Left Hand Brewery's milk stout. For those of you who haven't tried it, please do so immediately, it is the most delicious beer you will ever drink. And I found out last week that it goes pretty well with barbeque!
2	I wanted to like this place.. I really did. I was completely underwhelmed with Rudy's across the street so I was hoping CSS would be good enough to be a regular spot to go for BBQ.On the plus side, the staff was very friendly and helpful and the restaurant itself has a nice western feel to it. Unfortunately, for me and my family, the food fell a little short. I should have known when we were there at 6:00pm on Father's Day, and there was no line. I'm not a fan of cafeteria style as there's something completely unappetizing about seeing the food you're about to eat wrapped in plastic wrap. It reminds me of left overs..and I guess that's what it tasted like. But, I decided to make the best of it and give it a shot. I have no idea how long that food was sitting on the line, but I suspect it was there for quite a while.I ordered "Pete's Pick" (at least I think that's what it was called) because I wanted to try a little sampling of the various offerings. Well, that's what I got.. a LITTLE sampling. The plate was literally about 2-3 bites of each meat (Brisket, Sausage, Pulled Pork) and 2 ribs. If there was more than 1/2 lb of meat total, I'd be surprised. I don't think it was worth the $16 they charge for it. I don't mind paying for good food, but I don't like getting small portions of cafeteria grade food for sit down restaurant prices. My wife had the "big" tri-tip sandwich. I come from an area in California where Tri-Tip is religion (Santa Maria style anyone?) so I was looking forward to getting at least a bite of her sandwich. I giggled as I saw them slice off 3-4 really thin slices of beef (probably not even 1/4 lb.) and put it on a monstrous bun then dump sauce on it. The "Big" must be referring to the bun. Unfortunately, the meat was dry. And given my wife's love of tri-tip and her unwillingness to finish the sandwich, I decided to pass on asking for a bite and took her word for it that it wasn't good.My son ordered a two meat combo. I don't know if the guy behind the counter was attempting to be funny or if he was serious, but when my son asked for chicken, while looking at a whole pan full of it, he was told they didn't have any and wouldn't have any for about 30 minutes. I guess they didn't want to cut up any of the whole chickens that were sitting there (must have been at least 4 whole chickens there) My son just shrugged and went with the Baby Back Ribs and Sausage. He's a pretty laid back kid. He ate one rib...he NEVER eats just one rib. Unfortunately, the ribs were dry and tasteless if you didn't add sauce. It's disappointing when I know I make better ribs than the BBQ restaurant does.In general, the meats were dry and/or flavorless. The brisket was moist, but how could it not be with all the fat that was in it? A smoke ring was non-existent. The sausage was bland and completely forgettable. The pulled pork wasn't too bad, but nothing to write home about. The sides were all pretty bland. The baked beans tasted like they came out of a can. Potatoes were bland. Cornbread was dry. I'm not sure if I'll go back to this place or not. I may give them another shot after they've been open long enough to work out the kinks. I hope they see these reviews and make some changes in how they prepare the food. It could go a long way, especially with another BBQ joint just across the street. The food is my only knock on this place, but unfortunately, the food is the biggest reason I go to a restaurant.
4	It's hard to review Can't Stop Smoking BBQ without referencing Rudy's BBQ right across the street.  I give Rudy's the edge on atmosphere, and the meats themselves were juicier and a little more flavorful... but EVERY other possible advantage goes to Can't Stop Smoking (CSS).  The sides, sauces, portions, value, variety, healthiness, accessibility, etc all favor CSS.Upon entering, you grab an impressively heavy aluminum tray and go through a cafeteria line acquiring sliced meats.  I got a 2-meat combo, with a half-ear of corn, 2 sides, cornbread muffin, and a drink for $10.  (They also email coupons and have a stamp card.... which knocked the price down closer to $7.)  The turkey and brisket were both super lean, which I happen to like, even though that made them somewhat dry.  The turkey had a nice smokey flavor, but the dry rub on the brisket was uneven and overly salty/spicy in some bites.  No big deal because I enjoyed both the standard and spicy BBQ sauce options much better than the sauce at Rudy's.The muffin and mac & cheese were both above average.  Amazingly, the corn wasn't totally overcooked like at most places, but I discovered that I hate mustard greens and had wasted one of my choices of sides.  Some of my friends ordered the ribs and said that was the best thing on the menu.So where does that leave us?  Is it possible that I like the meat better at Rudy's and still like CSS better?  Yes, I think so.  I didn't have to wait in a huge line, struggle to find a table, or slice huge hunks of fat off my brisket.  (I also didn't feel gross when I left.)  I was able to order a combo, instead of "decoding" the menu to determine how much meat to order for my Wonderbread.  Can't Stop Smoking is a more commercial, more conventional experience than Rudy's, but I liked it.
2	as a BBQ lover that is fequently in this area I also was SO looking fwd to 2 BBQ places opening!! we tried css bbq first, Ive never done this pay by the pound type of ordering, where did this come from?!?THAT WAS THE 1ST THING THAT THREW ME OFF, THE WEIRD WAY YOUR FORCED TO ORDER THE MEAT. Im sorry I dont get impressed by an aluminum tray!when you exit the line EVERYTHING is right there: drinks, condiments, sides, garbages, girls working, it was very crowded in that little area and  A VERY BAD LAYOUT DESIGN.the food wasnt anything special, the sides werent either.there were girls working right in that area the entire time we ate, it was hard to get back to the drinks.too many flies.1. I HATE THE DELI STYLE ORDERING or whatever its called.2. I WONT BE BACK.
1	Anyone who likes Can't Stop Smokin' doesn't know BBQ. These people are a chain style BBQ joint that is meant to cater to people just wanting to eat out, not anyone looking for good Q. The brisket only has flavor on one edge. They don't prep it so the flavor goes throughout the meat and it sits there precut so it can dry out while it's waiting on you to order it. That's a basic failure in serving this type of food. The sausage is store bought and sits around in a stack waiting for you to order it. The sides are basic. Dried corn on the cob, macaroni and cheese with processed cheese (think Kraft with premade "cheese" in the box with an aftertaste) and the baked beans taste like canned beans with pepper added. The cornbread is God-awful. It's almost as dense as iron and has a really bad taste. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. Even the Arizona Dickie's style BBQ joint is better than this. That, and there is a Ruby's literally just across the street. It's good, and head and shoulders better than this place that won't last long against its neighbor.
2	I'm giving this place two stars because my wife thought her sliders were pretty good.  My meal however was below one star.  I absolutely love Beef Ribs, and as those of you who live in the Phoenix metro area know, they are hard to find here.  I ate at Can't Stop Smokin' on opening day, and the ribs were not bad at all, Expensive, but pretty good.  We ate there again 2 weeks ago, and the ribs were charcoal with absolutely no taste.  Burnt to a crisp!  I should have returned them, but had had a big day and didn't want to cause a scene.  I ate one of the two ribs and threw the second one away.  It was terrible.  I left a review on their web site, but they apparently don't care because I never heard back from them.  I will never eat there again.  Rudy's is out because they don't serve Beef Ribs.  I guess my quest continues.
2	I hate to do this. What's worse, after this I have to write a similar review for Andrew's Barbeque, which I visited a few days prior. But really, the barbeque scene in Phoenix has improved over the years and places need to step up their game to succeed.Most barbeque fans know that Rudy's opened in Chandeler near I-10. The week they opened we excitedly piled in the car and headed down to try it. I noticed this place then. It was about ready to open and I thought to myself, "building a bbq place right next door to Rudy's is either the dumbest thing I have ever seen, or the most brilliant.' Think about it, if a place has good barbeque they could easily steal away some of Rudy's business. Rudy's is, after all, known for its extremely long lines and wait times. The reality is Can't Stop Smokin's just does not taste very good. Bland. No flavor. Their sauces are not even that good. I did like the collard greens, but the rest was about what you would expect if you bought barbeque at a supermarket. I had Pete;s Pick, which includes pulled pork, beef brisket, hot links, and ribs, so I got to hit all of the main items. Maybe I just tried them at a bad time?Service was decent. The place is clean and bright. Lines are not long usually, since everyone is next door at Rudy's. The only thing wrong is the food is not great. But in a restaurant, that is a pretty important factor.
4	On my visit I found both staff & management very helpful in walking me through their set up & cafeteria style service. The food was very good as I had an assortment of meats with the ribs being my favorite. Generous portions of side dishes left full and satisfied making me want to go back for more. I'm looking forward to my next visit.
4	A few weeks ago I headed over the Rudy's I wasn't very in pressed with there food to the point that I didn't finish my tray. Once we left that location I noticed across the street Can't stop smokin, and said I will have to try them....i did and I will definitely go back to Can't Stop Smokin.  Loved that I was all able to taste samples. This way I wasn't paying for something I wouldn't eat.  I had baby back , turkey and tri-tip all very tasty. Staff was very friendly. Clean over all and liked that I didn't feel like I smelled of BBQ after we left.  My kids keep asking to go back too bread and cobbler was a hit.
1	So my husband and I are always on the look out for new BBQ joints, since hes from Memphis TN its always hard to find something decent. HIs parents went to Rudys across the street in the past and said it was terrible, so we thought we'd check out 'cant stop smokin' bbq'. We pulled in to a barely empty parking lot. We went inside and we greeted immediately by the hostess and she explained the style of ordering and seating of the restaurant. We order off a line like cafeteria style - you pick you meat- your sides - your drink, and then you pay at the end and sit wherever you like. I decided I was going to go for the #4 combo with 6 st louis style ribs and i chose macaroni salad and cole slaw, a slice of apple pie  and a lemonade. My husband chose the combo Pete's Pick which comes with 2 baby back ribs, smoked sausage, brisket, pulled pork and he added carnitas and his sides were mac n cheese and cole slaw and a sweet tea.  Both of us also got the jalapeno corn bread. Now my husband and I have had our fair share of BBQ, and i will say that this was by far the one of the worst bbq we have ever had. My meal was absolutely gross. The st louis ribs were clearly not fresh, they were completely falling off the bone and completely fatty and flavorless. The macaroni salad tasted like gross store bought macaroni salad and the cole slaw tasted like a horrible version of the KFC cole slaw. I thought the lemonade was supposed to be fresh they had tropicana lemonade which is nasty so i decided to taste the so called sweet tea.. the tea was watered down and didn't even taste sweet. And the corn bread was dry. My apple pie tasted like store bought apple pie as well. My husbands food was just as bad. Brisket, baby back ribs, pulled pork, and sausage all flavorless. he too thought the cole slaw tasted like a bad version of KFC's and the mac and cheese tasted like it came from their too.If you are looking for a good BBQ place 'cant stop bbq' is not the place for you. And if any of you reading this review thinks that this place is good bbq your crazy and you obviously haven't had the real deal yet. Frankly if you are looking for a great st louis rib check out Loucilles BBQ at Tempe Market Place or even at Dave's BBQ. Also i think its hilarious if you check out their website that all of the reviews are fantastic and they are rated at a 98% by the customers, but if you go to the internet reviews like yelp or urbanspoon you are getting realistic reviews.
3	Still in search of a BBQ place that blows my mind.  In the central coast, they invented the stuff, so a good tri-tip is always on the brain so i decided to stop by (even thought there was another bbq place ironically parked next door). Well, this place was decent and I would go to again. A few of the foods were bland but decent portion sizes for not much coin. What i did enjoy is how everyone, from the front counter to the line cook to the cashier to everyone was absolutely friendly and helpful. Made some of their own choice recommendations. I enjoyed it. Upon leaving, the guy even stopped me to ask me how it was - I let him know what i thought. I think he's book his trip to Santa Maria/San Luis Obispo.
3	So, I decided to stop here after being on some kind of BBQ kick and hitting up Rudy's yesterday. I wanted to give this place a shot since its right next door to Rudy's.  I don't know if its on purpose, but I think its kinda funny that their side by side.  Kind of like a gas station next door to, well, another gas station.I came in and the place was kinda quiet. It's a sweltering Sunday afternoon and I figured people were probably at home abusing their air conditioning.  Clearly, I was the only one not doing so! Place was quiet, with quiet a few older folks eating here ahead of me in line.It's a buffet style setup, where you go and order your food, pay, then go sit down.  They had a really good selection of choices in regards to meat selection, and I'm really happy with their sides.  I went with the brisket sandwich, but wanted garlic mashed potato's,  Me and my mashed potato's dammit!  UGH they were OUT! So, I got potato slices and a thing of corn.  Total bill was just under $10.  But here's the weird thing.  First, at the register, they offered me lemonade or ice tea...or fountain pop for a $1 extra.  I obviously went with the fountain pop for the extra dollar.  Also, kudos to this place for having a variety of sauces available at the tables for BBQ dressings.  Yes!Also, the area where you get your supplies only has room for one tray when you go to get your pop, along with your silverware and everything else. Kind of a tight squeeze of there's other people trying to get stuff at the same time you are. Might as well put your tray down and come back for drinks and everything else.  Place is well decorated and easy to spot from the road.
5	No reason to go to texas bbq doesn't get any better than this and I love rudys too
4	My roommate and I ate here back on the 4th of July for dinner, we couldn't decide what we wanted and it was our first visit so we decided to get a little bit of everything and basically sample as much as we could. We weren't disappointed in any of the food we chose. We got the brisket, ribs, chicken, tips, and it was all tender and flavorful. The corn bread we got had jalapenos in it, and the beans you can get with or without jalapenos I believe, but either way both sides were great. We were absolutely stuffed by the end of our feast, and would definitely return when the opportunity arises.The ordering process was a tad confusing at first, but the hostess did a good job of explaining to us how it worked. It's set up like a buffet in the sense that you get a tray and move through the line telling the servers what you would like. You keep moving down as you pick your meats and sides until you end up at the register where you pay. So it's not the kind of restaurant you go into and sit down while someone takes your order, it's a semi-help-yourself establishment.Pricing was pretty comparable with other BBQ places. I've been to a lot of BBQ places aroud town and I don't feel that the price significantly differed from the others in terms of cheaper or more expensive.
4	Went back  and tried the brisket and the carnitas. Both were very good. The brisket was very tender and flavorful as was the carnitas. Loved the jalapeno beans, the mac and cheese was just ok.
4	I really like the BBQ food here I think the location is kind of strange just because Rudy's is right next door to them and they seem to get better / more business than Can't Stop Smokin' BBQ. But I've tried both places and both are pretty good. They have great BBQ sauce!! (The macaroni and cheese is my favorite).
5	I love this place for business meetings in Chandler. They have great food and free wifi. Very affordable. The ribs are great. I hear they smoked turkeys for Thanksgiving. What a great alternative! Reasonably priced, too.
4	Great bqq good sauce fast service.  Stop in you won't be disappointed
1	Decided to give this place a shot since who doesn't love BBQ.  First off, this place isn't really a restaurant.  It's basically of BBQ cafeteria.  I ordered the brisket which was moist but it didn't blow me away.  Their BBQ sauces on the table were only okay.  Nothing spectacular.  Where I'm really disappointed with this place came to the sides.  I had the worst mac & cheese ever from here!  It had zero flavor whatsoever!!  I also had mashed potatoes with gravy which was also bland as can be.  I will NOT come back here unless they improve and they give me a free meal to give them another chance.  I would NOT recommend this place and I'm going to give Rudy's across the street a chance to see how they compare to this dump.
2	Running errands durring the day and stopped here to grab some lunch.  First impression was it's a clean, nicely designed, restaurant with heavy timber decor and metal baking sheets for trays.  Second impression was "who lets their brisket sit in a steamer pan floating in water??"  Coming from 7 years in OKC and 22 years in Dallas, no self-respecting BBQ vendor presents their brisket floating in water.  Plenty of sides, a'la cafeteria style, and that was cool, but asked the guy behind the counter to lean out the brisket for me, since it had plenty of fat on it, and didn't do a very good job.  You see, I HATE fat.  Anyway, the smoked sausage was pretty good, but they had no fried okra, which where I came from is a BBQ house staple.  They did have sweet tea, which I am fond of.  Anyway, the gal at the cash register was pleasant enough, but it doesn't make up for the flavor of the brisket (interesting, if you let your brisket float in it's own fat juice, it ends up tasting like fat!)  So, for me, this is not a place I will return to . . . just wasn't my cup of tea.
4	I used to lpve rudys but now I have a new love. They do serve pepsi. But have coke cans. The apple cobbbbbbler is the best. Maybe the best desert I ever had. Incredible doesn't do it justice. The guy in front of me had a coupon for a sampler which isn't on the menu. You need coupon to get that. Not sure why the ratings are so low. I like this place.
4	Try the spicy BBQ sauce. Yummy.
1	The girls and I decided to stop by and give this BBQ a try. We walked in and looked at the food, and I turned to them and said, "I think we should turn around, walk out, and go to another restaurant." Being the nice, thoughtful women they are, they decided that we should at least give Can't Stop Smokin' one try. So, we did. I want my lunch hour, money, and palate back, please.1. The turkey was very dry, and there was no flavor of smoke or of the dry rub. Nor was there any hint of a smoke ring. It shattered when touched with a fork. When I smelled it, it smelled like a combination of the hot, cheap plastic wrap it had been wrapped in combined with some sort of slightly off pork product.1a. The turkey was STICKY when chewed. It stuck to my teeth, then turned into some sort of gummy paste with a grainy texture. I ate less than a third of my portion before throwing my hands up in defeat. And it was a struggle to get that far; my friends kept laughing at my facial expressions while I  was trying to choke it down.2. Instant potatoes. Instant. Really? Boil up some suckers and take a masher to them, people! And the gravy from a packet wasn't that great either. Salty, salty, salty. I can feel my cells shriveling up as I type.3. The sweet tea tasted like the container had not been properly cleaned or sanitized. A slightly musty, moldy taste lingered. 4. The hostess was EATING at the entrance and ignoring customers. We did not receive a greeting or farewell.5. The layout is somewhat awkward, but had the food been good, I would have navigated a complex maze. 5. No condiments on the tables...until we left, and the hostess brought them out...and hour after the restaurant opened.6. The checkout attendee was not quite on the ball, causing some confusion with our payment; we requested that two meals be paid for together, and they were rung up as just one meal, causing the her to chase us down for the remainder of the bill.Were there any positives?1. The lemons for the tea were huge, juicy and fresh.2. The barbecue sauces tasted no worse than any generic one out of a bottle...but no better, either.3. The green beans were edible.4. I have a doggy bag full of food for my pup that the humans couldn't manage to choke down.How would I sum up my experience? I'll let my friend's statement do that for me:Her: I have barbecue sauce on my finger.Me: Lick it off.Her: I don't want to put that stuff back in my mouth, once was bad enough.
4	My wife and I have been here twice now.  We always get 2 meats with sides for about $12-13.   The only meat that isn't really good is the turkey, so if your going to try this place stay away from it.  You grab a tray, tell them what you want and eat.  If you don't like simple fast BBQ, then this place won't be for you.
1	The whole-smoked chicken was horrible. Dry, overcooked, no juice...looked nothing like their photo; so far everything else is great & tasty except for the yardbird. Could be done so so SO much better.
3	I really liked the BBQ here.  The first time there I had brisket and carnitas, no sides.  The meat was great.  The next time I had baby back pork ribs.  Again, great stuff.I liked the veggies at the condiment bar.My friends said that the potatoes were fake tasting.  The rest of the sides looked sad.  My friends liked the cobbler.
5	Absolutely the very best BBQ around!  Everything is delicious and priced right.Can't go wrong at Can't Stop Smokin'!
3	Food is good, if you can handle the manager's child running around and acting like a brat... What's up with an owner allowing a manager to bring a child to work and allowing the child to yell and scream in the restuarant, run behind the counter where food is prepped??? Dragging a broom across the front of the soda cabinet.   I complained to an employee and was advised it was the magager's son, she said it doesn't happen all the time, she said only the past week or so???I won't be going back!!! I pay to eat out for a pleasant dining experience and if I wanted to see a child acting like that I would have went to Chucky Cheese.
4	My boss suggested this place for lunch last week and I'm so happy he did! I had never been before and the BBQ was so good! I had the sliders with mashed potatoes and brought home some ribs for my boyfriend. We are definitely keeping this place on our To-Do List!
3	BBQ was ok, nothing outstanding, but the staff is friendly and helpful, next time I'm in Chandler, may have to give it another try.
4	This place is pretty decent! Delicious brisket and generous side portions. For someone who's paleo, having the option of having two heaping sides of collard greens rather than being saddled with french fries and potato salad is a welcomed change. The jerky was meh. My fiance totally dug his cobbler, though. When I'm in the area again, I'll definitely make another stop.
2	I recently decided to give Can't Stop Smokin' a try after hearing good things from a co-worker (and the fact that they were running a Groupon special also helped!). I ordered a family meal to go. The girl who took my order over the phone was pleasant, however she didn't seem very knowledgeable and after I gave her my whole order she said "Let me make sure we have everything you ordered....we've been running out of stuff a lot lately!" I feel like that is a really weird thing to tell a customer, but  ok...thanks for checking! I was placed on a short hold and she returned to tell me that YES! they had the 4 things I ordered in stock! Ok, then!I accidentally pulled into the parking lot of Rudy's barbecue, which is right across the street, and the place was packed! I realized I was in the wrong parking lot and quickly crossed over to Can't Stop Smokin', who's parking lot was completely empty. Bad sign. I entered the restaurant and there was only one other person in there who was placing an order at the meat counter. The man behind the counter seemed bored senseless and was not even attempting to provide any kind of customer service. I stood around for a moment before a girl walked up to a register and asked if she could help me. She was pleasant and quickly went to the back to grab my food. Before she came back, the other customer finished placing his order and his food was brought to the register. The girl subsequently returned with my food but seemed baffled as to why there was someone else's food at the counter. She had to call another worker over to solve the "dilemma" and it took both of them to figure out how to proceed. I was finally able to pay (with my Groupon..if not for the fact that I had already purchased the Groupon, I probably would've just went to Rudy's) and sent on my way. While Can't Stop Smokin' is about 10 minutes from my job, it was a 30 minute drive home. Halfway home I thought "I should probably check to make sure everything I ordered is in this bag!" (my own fault for not checking at the restaurant, I suppose) and I realized one of my sides wasn't there. I didn't feel like going back, and since I paid with a Groupon, I figured "Oh well", but it's a little annoying that I only ordered 4 things and they managed to forget one of them!All of that being said, the food was pretty good. If I had to recommend a place, I would prefer Joe's Real BBQ or even Famous Dave's over this place, but it wasn't bad food. Had it not been for the quality of the food, I would've only given this place 1 star. But I doubt I'll ever go back...
1	Wouldn't eat it if I was on Survivor!!!! Absolutely Horrible. Had to walk out the food was so bad. I did not have a yelp profile until I ate here, this place inspired me to tell others not to eat here. Yes!!! It was that horrific
2	I'm stuck between 2 and 3 stars...2 1/2 stars if I could. We decided to give Can't Stop Smokin a try since I had a gift certificate from work.The atmosphere is actually really comfortable and nicely decorated to go with their BBQ theme. It's sort of cafeteria style; grab a metal tray, place your order and they'll bring it to you at the end of the line where you pay, and seat yourself.We both ordered the #3 combos which comes with two meats, corn on the cob, two sides, dinner rolls and a drink. It's a lot of food! We could have easily shared one plate. I got the pulled pork, and the sausage. He got the brisket and sausage. For our sides we both had the baked beans and the garlic buttered potatoes. I read in other reviews the mashed are box potatoes, so I knew I wouldn't be getting any of that, I can't stand box mashed potatoes with their grainy off texture. Also...when we were looking at the sides they were offering, we saw a hair in their mashed potatoes. Yikes...Service here was really friendly. Everyone seemed helpful and happy to be there.The food was...okay. The sausage was moist and had some flavor, as was the pulled pork and brisket. Their BBQ Sauce I'm not a fan of. I didn't like the spicy one at all it just tasted weird, and the regular one had too much vinegar in it which gives it an almost alcohol taste. The baked beans were eh...not great but ok, just like their other dishes. The garlic potatoes I'm pretty sure are frozen and reheated. They don't taste fresh at all. I had to add a lot of salt and pepper to them to get any flavor. The corn on the cob piece was pretty good. Juicy and they add butter to it. Also their dinner rolls are really good, they're basic but they were fresh, and soft so I really liked them. For dessert we shared the apple cobbler since other Yelpers seemed to enjoy it and it was tasty. We both agreed the best tasting things on our plates were the rolls and apple cobbler.Overall this place is decent enough, but it's overpriced compared to the quality you get. Those sides truly are poor quality, I don't think anything is made fresh, or if it is, they freeze it and reheat which downgrades the food because nothing reheated will ever taste fresh. Like I said, we only came here because we had a $10 off coupon. We're HUGE fans of Rudy's, who is literally right next door, it's a regular place for us so I think we'll stick with them instead but I'm glad we gave this place a try. If you haven't tried Rudy's you should; good prices, flavorful food, excellent BBQ sauce, and much better quality.
2	I would def suggest Rudys next door. As a yelp uses I saw that Rudys had the better reviews so I always have dined there. Love it and never fails. I felt obligated to give this place a try. Other than the more private seating, a very nice staff, it seemed to have more side options and combos......IT JUST WASNT AS GOOD. Quality seemed as if it was frozen food and then heated. Also the sauces arent the best.  Give it a try if there is a wait at rudys
5	Great food, great interior and friendly people!  The best sliders and everything we have ordered was great!  Try this place!
4	We stumbled across this BBQ place while spending the night in the Phoenix area.  We are from Texas so like to think we know BBQ.  This place was fantastic.  The price was good and the food was great And they have pies too.  We got a whole (to go) multi berry pie and it was really good right to the last bite!  I would definitely go there again when in the area. The service is cafeteria style, grab a tray and pick out what you want - typical BBQ.  the decorations were also typical BBQ so it was comfortable. The staff was exceptionally friendly.  The lady was a sweetheart.  I think her enthusiasm made the place that much more enjoyable!
3	In the turf war that is the Chandler Blvd BBQ battle, this place has somethings going for it.First, the service was fast and the restaurant was clean.  The value was good too.  Most of the meats range in the $10-$13/lb range which is fair.  They have a lot of different combos for you to choose from as well.  In terms of the food, there were some ups and downs.  The smoked sausage was really good as were the jalepeno beans.  The brisket was overdone but still pretty tasty.  I look forward to trying it again when it's hopefully having a better day.  The spareribs were also overdone and not very good.  I liked the pulled pork though, it had a nice consistency and flavor to it.  Even with the meats that weren't great they were saved by some really good sauces.  Sauce should be used sparingly but the spicy variety was hard not to chug.  You could put that on a piece of cardboard and it'd be good.Not the best BBQ but pretty decent.  I'll be back for a quick lunch from time to time.
5	This place is so good!  Everything I've had has been just yummy.  So much better then rudys across the street, I think the bad reviews have been from rudys workers.   The inside of this place is awesome, The people are friendly, and the food is great!  Worth going to and trying! The sliders are just the right size and the cobbler is to die for!
1	I went here for lunch with coworkers, and was extremely disappointed.  The staff seemed determined to nickel and dime the customer at every turn, the beef was extremely fatty (about a quarter of the "sandwich" was gristle), and the sides (I got the green beans and carrots) were slathered in some kind of very greasy butter and lard combination
2	It's ooooookay, but I don't think we'll be going back, especially with Rudy's right across the street.  I didn't want to compare the two but it has become our go to for BBQ. No hostess to greet or give direction or guidance to first timers.  Dislike.  It started out a tad confusing.  The method in which you order is almost like a cafeteria.  Kinda like Souper Salad or Bonanza (remember Bonanza?)  Seems awkward.  Maybe that's because of the service that was behind the counter.Came here for linner  (late lunch/early dinner) and we both went with the #3 combo.  Carnitas and tri tip, mustard greens, jalapeno corn bread, corn on the cob, and peach cobbler for me, sausage and Carnitas, green beans, jalapeno corn bread, corn on the cob, and blackberry cobbler for my son.Method used to weigh meat was questionable.  Both Carnitas and tri tip had too much fat on meat.  Corn was soggy.Other veggies were mediocre.Son wanted to leave as soon as we were done eating because he said he smelled formaldehyde.I know a few friends like this place better than the competition across the street but that's fine with me cuz that just means fewer people in line to order -at Rudy's.
2	Hello, does anyone work here? We came in and three people were staring at the menu boards and no one appeared to be working behind the counter. Then a young man comes out with a hot dish for behind the counter. The three people told us to go ahead and even my mother and I were indecisive, being a first time as well. My mom got the Pete's special (one meat, side and chips for $3.99), I said I wanted the same think with the carnitas. He asked me what two sides I wanted and I said, shouldn't it be one side and chips, and he said no it's two. Oh okay, so I got green beans and potato salad. Apparently there is a Pete's Lunch Special for $3.99 and a Lunch Special for $6.99. For the price you do get a large portion, my mom enjoyed her turkey, I wish I felt the same about my carnitas. It was not pulled as I would have expected in a BBQ place, it was cut in hunks. I took a bite and apologized to my mother that I could not eat it. It was tough and fatty. She insisted that I take it back up to the counter and ask for another meat choice. I opted for the brisket which was much better. Two people could definitely share the $6.99 special. There did appear to be a manager there fidgeting with the tvs. I would have expected that he could have walked around asking people how they were doing. Suggestions: Shred up the pork, your customers will be happier! Manager, walk around and greet people, especially when you enter the place or have a host/ess there for some guidance!
1	With two BBQ joints across the street from each other [the other being Rudy's] my curiosity got the best of me.  HUGE mistake!  I should have turned around and left when I saw the ribs were wrapped in plastic sitting in heating trays, along with the other menu items.  But hey, don't judge a book by its cover, right?  WRONG!  The collard greens were overcooked, and so vinegary that they were inedible.  The Mac and Cheese.....well, KRAFT does a better job.  It was watery and bland.  The Tri-Tip was way overcooked, dry and the best thing about it was the fat.  The jalapeno corn muffin was dry, brittle, and did not taste good at all.  The Baby-Back Ribs were edible, barely.  95% of this meal went into the garbage.  As I left there at 1:00pm I noticed there were only 4 other customers seated in the restaurant.  When I drove past Rudy's I could not help notice there was a line out the door.  If the meal was free I would not eat there again.
4	Being from the northwest I absolutely love the atmosphere. Custom Log building with a true unique feeling that reminded me of home. I really was satisfied with the pull pork sandwhich. Slow smoked and served fresh makes it more health without sacrificing taste. Price and portion were also very fair.
5	I Love this place! Very friendly environment with great service! They have delicious brisket and they are very generous with the side portions :)
2	The two and a half stars is about right on this place. The meat was not moist just dry, the corn is left in the water so it's all soggy and when you bite into it, it sprays everyone, the corn bread literally had a taste of dish soap and didn't feel like it was cooked all the way. Overall food was not good.
4	I realize we all have individual experiences, but I can't imagine all the bad reviews. I originally went off of a Groupon, which helped to make it an even better deal! I was greeted upon entering and given a tutorial of all they had to offer. I had purchased the Picnic Meal with 2lbs of meat, 2 large sides, a medium cobbler, cornbread, & an entire bottle of BBQ sauce!! Claimed to be a meal for 4, but fed 5 with a little left over. The meats were cooked well and focused on natural flavors. I can't really compare it with Rudy's across the street because they use a lot of seasonings to alter their meats. I won't lie and claim it to be the best, but we had absolutely no complaints and shall definitely be coming back!
3	The brisket is super tender the ribs are good too and the mustard greens caught me off guard how good they could be
3	Saw it pop up across the street from Rudy's a little while ago,  which I thought was odd to open a BBQ joint right across from another BBQ joint.  I tried Rudy's in the past and thought it was pretty good.  Then I saw a deal chicken for this new place (two meals valued at $24).  Went there for lunch,  got my food,  and at the counter the cashier guys behind the counter realized that my deal chicken was actually for a different restaurant.  I felf like a dumb ass, but they said I was all good, and enjoy the food anyway, on them.   Now that is what I call excellent customer service.   Very nice decor,  definately upscale for a bbq place,  with natural wood tables and TV's in the back room.  Everything was nice and clean.  People there were very friendly.  For the food, I had the hot links,  which smokey, tasty and juicy, and were excellent,  and the brisket,  which was moist and tender, though it did seem to have a spice rub on it which would impart more flavour.    I also had a side of corn on the cob,  which was a little small, but the corn was sweet and tender,  and the potatoes,  which were sliced big like wedge fries,  but tasted more like a baked potatoe in that they were soft and not crispy.    I also had the collard greens and green beans which were very simple, but tasted good. Not spicey or smoky.  They have two sauces,  one that is spicey,  which had a little heat,  and good flavour,  and a plain one that I did not try. Good portions of the meat and sides (except the corn).  There were some smoked turkey legs that looked amazing, that I would like to try on my next visit.   And the pies look like they were made from scratch.  I will have to try those next time as well.Overall,  with the nice decor,  excellect service, and good food and portions,  I will definately be back to try them again.
2	You know that amazing aroma you can smell when you get out of your car at Can't Stop?Well, that bouquet's coming from Rudy's, across the street.Don't be a fool... go across the street.
4	Got there close to closing, the people were super nice! Got the carnitas, and it was awesome, and the brisket wasn't too bad.. They got punch cards for thw combos too which is awesome. $8 for a whole meal. Definitely coming back!
3	Came in for my Mothers Bday because she wanted to try the food.  Between our group we had a good sampling of everything.  All together the meat was good, although the ribs were a tad on the dry side.  The sausage and brisket were very good.  The sides on the other hand left a bit to be desired.  I had the potato's and coleslaw.  The potato's were oily and under seasoned, the coleslaw was alright.  My sister had the green beans and macaroni, the green beans were sub-par and the macaroni was cheap store bought garbage.All together the place was average.  Not bad but not great.
5	I wasn't the biggest fan of BBQ before I tried this place. Hands down, the best BBQ I've ever had. I tried a sample of all the meat, and ended up going with the carnitas meat. They were all delicious, carnitas had so much flavor though. The potatoes were amazing, seasoned perfect. I ended my night with some cobbler, which was the best part. I'm a sucker for sweets and their desserts are delicious!! Their affordable price seals the deal. Under 20 bucks for 2 plates (meat, and 2 sides), 2 drinks and dessert. KILLER!!!
5	This place is awesome!  The food is fantastic.  I really like the tri-tip sandwich, but you can't go wrong with anything here.Everything about this place i superior to Rudy's next door, the food is 10x better, the seating is better, the serving line, the way beverages are served, everything.
1	Well this was not good, not good at all. Would not go back and would not recommend.Go and try it if you want to walk away hungry and feeling like they should have paid  you to eat there. Not sure how this place is going to make it.
5	This place is exactly as advertised, BBQ the way that it should be. The line moved super fast which was great because I was starving when I showed up. I expected decent BBQ when I showed up I didn't expect some of the best green beans I've ever had and the mustard greens, whoo! I've had some good BBQ in my day, the Salt Lick in Austin, Texas even which is some of the best BBQ in the country and I can say the BBQ at Can't Stop stacked up. The Tri Tip was so good with the spicy BBQ sauce it literally made me go cross eyed! If you want mouth watering BBQ check this place out, you won't be disappointed!
4	Love this place. Bring home BBQ when leaving work some days. Pies look great and need to try one.
5	Why so much negative feedback? This place was awesome!I went in this afternoon on a pure whim (I'd passed by it a few times) and I'm really glad I did! From the second you step out of your car you can literally smell the sweet smokiness of the meat being cooked. The atmosphere inside is really nice as well- Very clean establishment.The best part is the ordering system: You step up to the line and order what looks good- You are able to visually pick out what you want which is awesome. And if you're really indecisive (like me) the staff is super friendly and can even make suggestions. (They'll also give you samples, you just gotta ask.)I ended up having a Combo #4 which is St. Louis style ribs, a side of potatoes, chicken salad and a piece of the everything pie. I can honestly say there isn't anything there I didn't like.. Even their sweetened iced tea (which is just lightly sweetened and doesn't taste like corn syrup in a cup) was delicious!The food itself was a hit but I think the most impressive thing about this place was the staff and their exceptional customer service. Nowadays it's rare to see people that are so helpful and
1	Not good cold food, meat potatoes and bread, the cafeteria/ prison style tray and OTC service is slow and annoying
2	Very average BBQ.Sides are not very good, at all:Beans are thick like cement with out-of-the-can flavorRussian Cabbage is WAY too sweet and mushyMashed Potatoes were pretty good, but not specialMeats All WAY too dry.Brisket had good flavor so the moist parts were very good - but most was way too dryChicken had decent flavorTri-Tip might have been OK but it was tough and dryAnd it is pretty expensive.For this kind of scratch Rudy's rules over this place.
4	After hearing good feedback from a colleague, I decided to stop and grab some food to go yesterday.I opted for a sampling of the spare ribs, carnitas and sausage.  The pricing per pound was very reasonable and I left with about two meals worth of food for under $25.  The section where they serve the sides did not seem very appealing.  I got a small container of macaroni and cheese and called it good.  They should really work on keeping this area clean and fresh.  Many of the sides looked as though they had been sitting out for a while.I don't really go to bbq for the side, however, and the meat was absolutely fantastic.  All of the meats were cooked to perfection and had a fantastic flavor.  When offered bbq sauce during my check-out I politely declined and I'm so glad I did, because the flavor of the meat stands on its own.  Sauce may compliment the ribs, but is not required, which most bbq fans will understand is what defines good bbq.  I'm not sure what rub they use, but their website claims that they are New Mexico bbq.  It has more of a pepper based flavor that works very well.  I didn't think to look and see if they sell any rub, but if they do I will definitely be buying some in the future. The only reason I did not give 5 stars is due to unappetizing appearance of the sides, but like I said above, the meat should be the focal point of any bbq and this place did not disappoint.I'm not sure why so many have posted negative reviews, but I could not disagree more with most of them.
4	Great food! Great service!! Brisket was very tender and sauces very flavorful!! You got to try this place!
5	My husband and I have been trying new places every day for lunch in the Ahwatukee/Chandler area and we tried Rudy's across the street one day and we were not impressed by the sauce or the way we were treated. I felt like cattle in a line to get my food. However when we went to Cant stop smoking the chef Allen treated us amazing. He allowed us to try all the different meat and explained everything to us. He was very patient and the food was GREAT!!! The sauce was real BBQ sauce and Allen even came up to us in the end to make sure we enjoyed everything. Loved it and will be back
1	Located in Chandler off Chandler Boulevard close to the i 10. Directly across from Rudy's barbecue I went in here with high expectations but quickly they turn to low expectations. The help wasn't helpful at all in fact I won't return because of the service, the place appeared to be run by a bunch of kids when I walked in , but told the girl behind the front counter that her sign on the front door still said they were closed she just giggled an the guy working behind the counter cutting the meat wasnt helpful or polite and well the food was lets say ive purchased barbecue at the grocery store deli counter that was better. The potato salad was powder'y yuck and the bbq beans well I've had beans from can that were better! The brisket was presliced sitting in a pan with what looked like gravy. personally I'd skip this place
5	This place needs more credit than what it's been given. They have amazing sides and plenty to choose from, the meat was tender, juicy and full of flavor, and service was great. Not to mention the sauce is in a heated dispenser- win! The man working behind the counter who helped us said he was from Georgia... Georgia people! He's gotta know what he's doing lol Rudy's and their paper-lined baskets and weird sides... meh! Come here for a real BBQ meal.
2	Meh. It's ok 2.5 stars really. Pros: Staff is really nice. They also seem to give out a free fountain drink? Been there twice now. Both times, free drink. BBQ sauce is pretty good. Better than Rudy's next door.In between: pulled pork. Meat is ok. Bun is good. BBQ sauce good. I threw some pickles on it, that made it a bit better. Cons: The beef ribs are NOT worth it. $8.99lb. Really tough and way too fatty. Each rib weights about a pound! Beans are bland and just taste like a pinto bean with smoke and black pepper. I know they are can't stop smokin' but everything is suffocated in smoke and black pepper. I haven't had a side dish I've liked. Tried both beans and both potato options.Obviously I haven't tried everything. Only been twice. Both visits I left feeling Indifferent. Probably won't be back.
4	If you want some good barbecue you need to get to can't stop smokin' barbecue. The sausage, brisket, and original baked beans are phenomenal! The first time we went we got Pete's Pick, which is a $15 combo plate. But if you want to try a lot of different choices, this is the item to get on the menu. The staff was very friendly and helpful when trying to choose different items. The only bad thing I have to say about this place is that their bread is not warm, most their food is not piping hot. But if you care about flavor not about the hottest temperature wise food, you can't go wrong here. The second time we went there, my girlfriend and I got the four-person picnic deal. We ate about half the food there, and took the other half home. Which ended up giving us about three more meals when we get home.
5	Love this spot. Reminds me of some favorite bbq spots back home in Colorado. Really good food and a great price. I'm a regular.
5	This place is AHmaZING!!! When we set out to plan our wedding we knew we wanted BBQ. We tried the famous places and the real bbq places and such but nothing, NOTHING compared to their delicious chicken, and mouth watering rolls, brisket and mac and cheese!!! I over ordered because you never want to run out of food.... in the end it was GONE! The food was a major hit! The staff and the service was always on top of things, polite and cordial. My tasting was so welcoming and yummy, they even let me take a sample home to my fiance who couldn't make it. There was never a hesitation in response or communication, they were timely for a walk through and the day of. I highly recommend Can't Stop Smokin BBQ for a dinner, catering or just a quick stop by.Thank you guys for a yummy experience.
4	Went here on my first night in town with my mother and we were both very pleased.  Prices are great, especially considering the large portions!  I got the half chicken meal with baked beans and honey carrots.  The chicken was tender and well spiced and very meaty.  The baked beans had great flavor and weren't too saucy.  The carrots were sweet and a nice addition to the meal.  My mother got the smoked turkey with green beans and spinach mashed potatoes.  The turkey was so tasty and you could really taste the smoked flavor.  She loved the seasonings on the green beans and the mashed potatoes were unique and very yummy.  We both loved the jalepeno corn bread muffins which were sweet but had a nice spicy kick as well.  We tried all of the sauces and the "new" and "original" were our 2 favorites.  Every one working behind the counter were welcoming and helped us out when we explained this was our first visit.  Will definitely be returning here.
3	Good overall BBQ place, surprising that there is a chain from NM. They have good lunch and plates deals that makes it cheaper than Rudys next door. Carnitas were good as well as ribs and pulled pork. Its nice to add a desert as well to a plate to make a well rounded meal. Nothing outstanding but good place. I believe it was a village inn before so not too big.Still think its crazy that they basically opened the same time as Rudys right next door
1	This place was NASTY! Had the half chicken and daughter had the baby back ribs. The sides are awful and look like they had been sitting out all day. The mash potatoes were disgusting. Food is very bland. Tasted worse than hospital cafeteria food! I do not recommend and will never go back!!
5	Excellent food.  Period.  No frills just good barbecue.   The staff if friendly and the service is good.  It's a good value and one of the few places in the valley you can get a beef rib!  Don't confuse "can't stop smokin" with Rudy across the street.  I have eaten at both and this place completely outdoes rudys.
1	Gross, gross, gross. Good if you like your brisket to taste like chemicals.
5	The bomb! Best chicken, brisket and collard greens I EVER HAD!!!!! This is a must try. If you like southern flare check this place out. You gotta try the Blazin Bowl! The meat melts in your mouth. "YUMMY"!!!!!
2	Can't Stop Smokin BBQ is directly across the street from Rudy's BBQ which is really good. Probably one of the best chain BBQ's here in Phx...Not sure if the folks who opened this place knew that was going in there when they opened this place. If they did, then that was a poor marketing decision. Can't Stop's  decor is kinda cool. Has a log cabin/lodge feel to it. The booth I sat in was in need of major repair to the seat cushion. All the wood blinds and light fixtures are looking like they've never seen a duster. The place was not busy and yet almost every table looked like it needed to be cleaned. The employees all seem to be college or high school kids, nothing wrong with that. They were all polite and knew their stuff. After all that, let's get to the food! My husband and I both got the lunch combo special, sandwich, chips or side dish and a drink for 6.99. Not a bad deal. Good portions. However, maybe our choices weren't the best ones. I had the spicy pulled pork... Not sure who they are catering to by calling it spicy... It was not. Their 2 sauces are average at best. My side was the spinach mashed potatoes. I could be wrong, but judging by the taste and texture, they could have easily passed as high school cafeteria boxed potatoes. My husband had the Mac and cheese. He said it was pretty much just pasta smothered in cheese whiz. I had higher hopes for this place. It has potential. Might give it a second try and come back for dinner... Stay tuned!
4	Came in for lunch with my hubby. I had the 2 meat combo with chicken and brisket.  He ordered the same with brisket and carnita. The meats were all fantastic really good flavor.  They offer regular and spicy sauce -both were very tasty.  Employee's were friendly and helpful. The sides I ordered were mashed potatoes and greens. The greens were really good ..the potatoes were so-so. Go to restaurants dot com for offers. I got the 5$ coupon so basically half off of what I ordered. Good food..large portions.
4	We decided to stop in again and glad to report things were definitely better. The meat was great just like last time but the sides were much improved.  Glad to see they stepped it up and as a result my rating increased as well.
2	I walked in the door and had to walk past the front desk to realize we had to grab a metal tray and proceed down the line of food. No one to greet you at the door and for newbies, that didn't go over well for me. I give it 2 stars because the food actually tasted ok...but I'm one that doesn't like to see my food slopped in a large pan- that looked like it had been there all day! I pushed my metal tray down the line almost like prison food delivery - it just wasn't appealing...The people working deserve a star for being so sweet...but I would say Rudy's next door is far better...and the presentation is something this place needs to think about.
2	Walked in and didn't know what to do so we waited a minute until someone noticed us. Very cool environment, both got the petes pick but i left hungry, for 16$ a person that is not cool! Overall taste was ok, and i love bbq so that's kind of a bummer too.
4	Was just here for lunch..  The Brisket had great flavor and was superbly tender (fell apart when a fork touched it).  The service was fast and friendly, I'd be happy coming back!
5	No clue why this place averages three stars, because it is delicious!!! The pulled pork and brisket are some of the best I've had. Also, they let you try anything you want before ordering, so you can be sure to find something you love. Highly recommend you eat here and skip the more commercial Rudy's next door! The staff is super friendly too!
5	This place eats, sleeps and breaths BBQ. CAN'T STOP SMOKIN' is Awesome.... I've had their feasts (a tremendous value), I've had different meals, and I've been there 15 - 20 times - NEVER had a bad experience. I see some of the other lower rated reviews and I have to wonder... There's a Rudy's literally right next door... and they are absolutely disgusting. I went there twice and you'll never find me there again. So I have to wonder if these people with the lower scores actually know where they ate. Everyone's entitled to their opinion but I'd hate to see Can't Stop Smokin' get punished for Rudy's terrible food.
4	Ordered some take out tonight and couldn't have been more pleased. The past few visits to FD left a lot to be desired so decided to change it up and check out "Can't Stop Smokin BBQ"First, walking in the door you are exposed to a tremendously pleasant aroma of BBQ & meat. Moving onto the deli counter to place my order I was greeted by a gentleman who couldn't have been friendlier. One thing that stood out for me was that he wrapped the to go containers nicely in plastic wrap.  I have never had my take out wrapped like that. It was a nice touch that more restaurants should take note of.I ordered the combo #4 - sandwich and chose the brisket for the meat with Elsie's Garlic Potatoes and Smokin Joe's Baked Beans for my sides. Wife had combo #6 - 4 pork ribs; she opted for the baby back style (spare rib is the other option). She went with the mac & cheese and spinach mashed potatoes for her sides.As I mentioned in my intro our past couple of visits to FD were very disappointing. This was the complete opposite. The meat was tender, moist, not fatty and very flavorful.  Both the baked beans and the mac & cheese had great flavor - really nice smoky flavor to the beans. Both the garlic potatoes and spinach mashed potatoes were a little bland. That is the only slight criticism of the meal.I will give Can't Stop Smokin another visit but will probably skip the potatoes as a side. I'll try something else or get a double of the beans.
3	I ended up here by accident since my co-worker picked the place for lunch.We had brisket and pulled pork (both by the pound).The servings are huge and the meat is OK. The best part is the price. Pretty decent spot if you don't have high expectations and your wallet won't suffer.The thing that I disliked of this place is that they still use styrofoam everything. Come on, it's the 21st century and we don't need more trash to inherit to our great great grand children.Not even the public enemy with the golden arches uses styrofoam any longer since the nineties! Cheers
5	BEST BBQ I have had since I moved to Arizona.  I have tried Joe's BBQ, Dickie's and Famous Dave's. Nothing comes close to this place. EVERYTHING was deeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeelicous! I can't wait to go back. The sausage was incredible, the bbq sauces perfect, and the ribs were so tender and tasty. FINALLY found a BBQ place. THANK U!
5	We LOVE Can't Stop Smokin'!  My husband is a professional chef and their BBQ runs neck and neck with his!  I always have the brisket because I'm hooked.  He has tried other meats and says they are all delicious.  Their apple cobbler is yummy, too.How people can rate them less than a 4 or unfavorably is beyond me.  We have been going there since it opened and have never been disappointed with anything.  We go there at least twice a month and look forward to it every time.  Their staff recognizes us and makes us feel very welcome.For those who say Rudy's is better, it may be because it's a chain restaurant and more well-known.  People need to give Can't Stop Smokin' a try.  They'll be pleasantly surprised.  We did, and Can't Stop Smokin' has won us as loyal diners.  We spread the word whenever and wherever.
5	Delicious, good service, cafeteria type service, lunch special was great. Good location right off the I 10.Anxious to try platters to go when family comes to town.
5	Unquestionably, if you want delicious BBQ at a decent price this is the place to visit. Having said that, from the moment you come in to Can't Stop Smoking BBQ you're greeted with a warm welcome from the staff. Furthermore, the food is always excellent and waiting for you, my favorite combo is  # 1 which includes a half chicken with two sides vegetables and a beverage of your choice, at a price of $7.00 without the Jalapeno bread since I'm trying to eat healthier.  Moreover, if you're a repeat costumer make sure to get your discount card, that allows you to get a FREE meal on your 8th visit. Needless to say, we have tried other BBQ's around Phoenix, and for the value and Delicious food this is the one to visit.
2	highly marginalmost of the food was cold and flavorless. the cornbread was like eating sawdusthowever the sauce was pretty good
5	CSS is my favorite barbecue restaurant in the Phoenix metro. I've had nothing but good experiences with the service and the food. The counter employees will let you sample the different menu items to help you decide what you'd like to order and take the time to explain the different options to you. The food itself is very reasonably priced, and the portions are huge-- I always leave stuffed. I frequently hear people rave about how Joe's or Rudy's has the best barbecue, but I've tried Joe's and my husband tried Rudy's, and we weren't impressed. CSS has good meats AND good sides, and in my eyes, if your restaurant doesn't have both, you don't have a leg to stand on. I'll keep coming back to CSS for my barbecue fix.
2	I'm still trying to find an authentic BBQ place in AZ and this place doesn't cut it.  The brisket was soggy, fatty, and lacked any discernable beef or smoke flavor.   The two BBQ sauces were mediocre at best.  They didn't have that addicting "I can't get enough" flavor.  The turkey breast was slightly better but it was very clear it had been brined as the saltiness of the meat was distracting.  There was a hint of pink indicating that smoke is actually used in their cooking although you couldn't taste it.Two stars because the restaurant was very clean and well decorated for a BBQ joint, but that alone is not enough to make me return.
2	Service was outstanding.  Girls at checkout had great customer service skills!  The two young girls were just amazing. The food was not so great.  Turkey and chicken breast seemed very dry.  Macaroni and cheese tasted strange.  There were also male employees standing right outside the entrance door smoking as I entered.   I thought they could have stood elsewhere.
1	I am a professional, I work crazy hours and my family loves to eat out. We eat out all the time, so ordering BBQ is a treat since BBQ delivery is quite unusual.The initial three or four times some things were super tasty while other menu items where questionable, as if it was not cooked all the way, or the thought of "am I even eating a real potato" would be lingering while we ate. My honey loved the tri-tip and brisket, while my cousin would always order the sausage sandwich.Over the last year in a half possibly more there have been times where items from our order would be missing, which was always made right my giving us a free side the next order or what not.But after at least ordering over five times it seemed silly to keep ordering mediocre food if menu items where dissatisfying, or entirely invisible.I'm not sure if it is being managed the same as before but for what we initially paid for, we would have more food, and literally BOTTLES of there  BBQ sauce with our order. The rolls used to be the best part of ordering but now they seem to taste like the bread my grandma would dry out to feed birds at the park.This last time I ordered (THE last time), we ordered two double tri-tip combos, a tri-tip rib combo, and a tri-tip kids meal. There was an additional half rib which was never delivered, the delivery gentleman who I believe was the owner was cordial and pleasent- even delivering the food quickly. We realized we were missing the side of ribs and called, informing them the ribs were missing from our order and were told they would be delivered. Only to be called back minutes later and told the owner packed our order and knew they were in there. This place is either trying to push away customers or they think they only serve certain kinds of customers with respect. Been in customer service for 10 years and that was the most ridiculous excuse for customer service ive ever witnessed. My boyfriend didn't even want to mention it because he was so done. But I called back and let them know that we will not be ordering from them anymore. Our order was $50 and I know for a fact we've ordered over $500 total from this place. Not any more! This is Tempe and is full of other places to blow that money on.Bottomline unprofessional. #byefelicia
2	Had baby backs, brisket, and tri-tip. Brisket was awesome; however, baby backs and tri-tip were way below average. Baby backs were too dry and not cooked slow and long enough; thus, bones would not come off easily. Very disappointing as I was looking forward to trying this place out. Tried tri-tip per employee's recommendation but it was way too dry for my liking. I can cook way better than this place in my Green Egg. If you are a fan of brisket, I would recommend this place. Otherwise, I would not go back.
5	Just finished eating dinner from here for the first time.  A deal on Groupon brought us in, and the food will bring is back!  We had brisket that was cooked to perfection.  The pulled pork was delicious and flavorful.  Everything was moist and tender.  All of our sides were really great as well.  The cobbler was a great ending to our meal.  I have to say, not only was the meat fantastic, but for having lots of young kids working there, the customer service was great!  Everyone working there was helpful and polite.  My family and I will be back again!
5	This place is always soooo good! I mean REAL barbecue and yes they smoke everything to perfection! Customer service is always great probably because the owner has a watchful eye on his staff lol. They are routinely on Groupon too! Even better...for the best BBQ in AZ
5	I went here a few days ago for dinner and have to say I was VERY impressed! It was my first time at this place and I really loved the food, service and atmosphere. I thought the prices were very reasonable as well. I am very picky about BBQ food and I ordered the chicken , which was very good... I liked that the drink was included in the price of the meal. Its cafeteria style and very easy to navigate through. Great portion sizes and there was plenty of seating in the restaurant. Nice casual atmosphere.. very nice employees as well.. I will definitely go back here...
3	.. Food was lukewarm, carnitas meat was prob the best of all the meat we tried. The red potatoes we ok. My hubby says "everything was cold except for the pie which was supposed to be cold..." Considering there is another BBQ place right across the street, we will be going back to them. Always gotta try Something once and in this case this was our 2nd time in many moons. Our 1st experience was when they 1st opened... Again, food wasn't as tasty then either.  Giving them 3 stars for the peach pie, carnitas, and beautiful wood work on the furniture otherwise  it would be 1 or 2 stars.
4	I was on my way to pick up my wife at PHX airport.  On the way up, I was famished, so I pulled off to have some dinner.  Rudy's was closer to the exit, so I ate there and had the most rubbery ribs I can recall eating ever.  Yuk,On the way back to Tucson, I brought my wife to Can't Stop Smokin.  She had the same kind of ribs that I had at Rudy's.  We ordered a large amount so I could try them also.  Can't Stop Smokin's ribs were smoky and tender and delicious.  The sides were pretty good too.Not the best ribs I've ever had (like Coulter's or Dickey's in Dallas) but pretty darned good. Next time I'm in the area, I'll stop here for food.
4	First off, BBQ is about meat and when it comes to smokey, BBQ meat, these guys know what they are doing.  I ordered a combo plate with ribs, because when first visiting any BBQ place, always judge by the ribs.  Ribs are hard to fake, because there isn't much there.  Their ribs are divine.  They don't fall off the bone, which is a sign of overcooking, but they pull away from the bone with gentle ease, which is a mark of a great rib.  They also have the characteristic pink hue to the inner meat, which is another hallmark of proper BBQ.  Now, I'm not a big BBQ sauce person and usually prefer my BBQ with a nice dry rub, and I can't attest to their BBQ sauce, but their meat had a divine smoky quality that was an excellent complement to the baby back ribs natural pork flavor. The dry rub had a nice bit of flavorful spice to it without being more that just a suggestion of heat on the tongue.  The price seems just a tad bit on the high side, but not so that you feel like you were roughed up too much.  This is place has a sort of deli style counter that you walk up to and tell them what you want.  They sell most of their product by the pound (or fractions of), like a deli would of sliced meats, but they do have some pre-designed plates to choose from.  After you get your food, you pay at the register and either take it to go or sit in their very rustic, wood-accented dining room with a reasonable number of TVs on sports.  They have lots of drinks to add to your meal, including sweet tea, and the bottled craft beers (and other mas produced swill) were very reasonably priced. The only negative that I can point out about this place is the sides.  The greens were straight out of a can and very unremarkable and the mashed potatoes (even the loaded version) were straight out of a box (think potato buds).  While the loaded mashed potatoes were accented with some spinach, garlic, and some other flavors, it wasn't enough to hide that instant mashed potato flavor.  However, I stick to my first comment in this review, that BBQ is all about the meat and this place is right on target with that and cooked by an experienced hand.  Go for the meat, have a beer, watch some sports and enjoy!
3	I love BBQ, and this just didn't do it for me. Don't get me wrong, the place is clean and the service, while slow seemed friendly enough. All of the meats and sides are laid out cafeteria sytle over steam tables. We were able to sample a few of the meats (anything without a bone) and to be honest I am glad we tried them out because most were not very good, or fresh for that matter. The brisket was pretty bland and had a weird color to it. My guess would be that it was not fresh. The smoked turkey was dry and bland. The tri tip was tasty, marbled with fat and pretty flavorful. I also had the spare ribs which were tender enough but didn't have a very seasoned dry rub.  Maybe they expect you to drown your food in bbq sauce? I however had the slices of meat with a huge salad from their salad bar.  Way too many BBQ joints out there, tried this one and probably wouldn't go back anytime soon.
1	I have been here a few times over the past year and have noticed that the food and service have steadily gone downhill!  I just saw an online news report about the 8 worst restaurants in Phoenix and they were on the top of the list.  The report was based on restaurant inspections and stated that this restaurant has failed inspection 4 times in a row.  That's pretty scary!  Usually if a restaurant fails inspection you can expect them to clean up their problems rather quickly.  This restaurant does not seem to care that they have a failing rating.  It just gets worse every week.I would like to WARN people that they go there at their own risk!
1	Horrible horrible horrible. Ordered a couple of racks of ribs and took them home. Ribs were dry, sauce didn't even help them. Called to complain and was told there was no way the ribs were that bad.No offer to replace, was told to go elsewhere. Avoid this place.
