4	Small classes, individual attention, and responsive advisors.  I will return for my doctorate!!  The downside is price...it's expensive at just over $600/hour.  However, the attention makes up for the cost!!!
1	I considered going to this school for a doctorate degree in psychology but chose against it based on some information that I learned through online research, internship & employment outcomes from the APA (American Psychological Association), and from speaking with a recruiter. This is a "for-profit" school which always sends up red flags of course, however, the doctoral program in clinical psychology is accredited by the APA, which is why I looked into it. However, the information on their website is very misleading about the program. Basically it is NOT a blended or flexible program but rather you must take 4 classes per semester and the classes are only available during the day. So, if you are a working adult, the program is not set-up for you to be able to keep your job and complete your doctorate. This is perplexing to me, considering that this school does not have the reputation of a good psychology school that can compete with even the most lowly state school (based on opinions I've read online, and the ranking that the APA gives their clinical psychology program), so why not at least make yourself a convenient option v. traditional schools? I wasn't worried about the "rep" of the school in that I would want the degree in order to pursue private practice. However, this brings up another issue. According to information from the APA only about 50% of their doctoral students are able to get into an APA-approved internship. For those that don't know, if you don't get into an APA-approved internship, you basically are not able to get licensed as a psychologist and thus would not be able to do private practice or call yourself a psychologist. That means for about half of their doctoral students the 6-7 years of study and the $100,000 price tag for that degree will be essentially worthless in terms of employment options. If you are looking into a clinical doctorate in psychology, you should look into other options.
1	They don't honor ADA accommodations. Trust me - enroll elsewhere. Also I taught college Psych and knew more than SOME of the instructors. They behave like a cult & it is a sub-standard school. Take the Psych GRE and go to a program that is ranked.
4	So far I really like this school! Very homey, the staff are so welcoming and helpful! I am a single Mom with a full time job so the blended scheduled and night classes work out perfectly!
2	I have been going here for a while now and my opinion has changed quite a bit. I love the scheduling and the small class size, but that is about it. They cost way to much for what you get. Teachers are not that great, no employer I have met so far knows of this school, and the financial aid department is a joke..
3	I am only giving this school a three based on the faculty. I have had some great professor's here and met some great people. The classes are small and it's easy to get one on one attention. My academic advisor is young but she knows her stuff. Now that I have given the good, let's look at "needs improvement" I don't want to use terrible or bad. Financial Aid is a total joke. They give you the run around on your grants in hoping you will forget it. I am a disabled vet and I could have chosen any school (wish I did). They want to keep balances on your account so that they have an excuse to keep your grants. If you have a chance to go anywhere else please do so. These "for profit" schools need to be abolished. So I'm not one to down anyone getting an education I will just say this: they are to expensive to be charging all this money for 5 week classes, they don't own their own building, they try to monitor your printing now, they don't want you to print your book (but you paid for it) AND finally, they can't keep anyone in financial aid to work (go figure)RUN AS FAST AS YOU CAN and DO YOUR RESEARCH FIRST!
