5	Hands down, this is the best tire shop in town.These guy are fast, fair, and friendly. I have used them for years with wonderful results. I highly recommend that you try this locally-owned independent business. Community Tire gives back a lot to the local community too.*I have received appreciative feedback from the friends and family that I have referred.
5	Community Tire takes great car of my vehicles. They are very nice, prompt, honest, keep a clean shop, and do great work. They take the time to explain things, support the community, and actually get to know you as a person! I happily drive out of my way to go here and spend my money!
1	This last June I took my car here to get front brake pads and rotors, as well as a new fuel pump. They quoted me over $1,000 at first, and I had them try to come down off that price. He - this guy Van - got back quickly and brought that quote down by nearly 300, saying "I can shop around for a cheaper distributor". Wow! I thought. These guys are great. Fast forward to the day after getting all that work done and my now squeaky brake problem. Never have my brakes squeaked before - I've always kept the brakes in good condition. So, I call and relate my new problem. Cheaper distributor apparently means faulty product. He says bring it in next Tues. and we'll look at it. I come in Tues. "We can't fit you in." I drove from Mesa, mind you, as my car had broken down in N. Phoenix. Okay, we make an appt. for Thurs. I come in Thurs. They finally drive the car after 45 min.  Long story short, he basically calls me a liar, that my brakes aren't squeaking. I say, "Are new brakes supposed to squeak? Are you calling me a liar? They squeak. I want them replaced, or my money back." So the jerk disappears for 2 or 3 hours, says nothing to me, then hands me my keys and says, "There you go." "What did you guys do?" "You got new pads and rotors, isn't that what you wanted?" he says, all snide. "Yeah, you could tell me what's going on. Thanks." I've never had such poor auto service in my life. I only give them a star for actually doing what they needed to do to make good (even though he was a complete jackass about it) and not totally shirking me. Awful. I'll never go back there.
5	I put off reviewing Community Tire simply because I didn't have a lot to say beyond, "They're good."Well, they're good.They've always been polite with me, timely, reasonably priced, and their waiting room is nice.  I haven't had any issues and have always been satisfied with the automotive service I get from there.   I don't know what more one could ask for.
5	The guys at Community Tire always do a great job at a fair price.  They work with you on what's needed and how much it should cost.  The waitng room is great, the staff friendly, and the quality top-notch.  My son just picked up a new set of tires for his car and he got a great price on his tires.The stadn behind their work and always go the extra mile.
5	After years of taking my car to the dealership, I'm so grateful that I finally listened to my friends and checked out Community Tire. The customer service and professionalism was superior.I know that if I had taken my car into the dealership, I would have spent quite a bit more on things my car "needed." But the guys at Community Tire were honest and did not try to oversell, or overcharge me for the services needed.I went in for an oil change and expected that the original estimated cost to end up being more, because I was just expecting to be told that my car really "needed" XY and Z... but this was not the case. After a complete check, they came back to me and told me that there was no need to replace my air filter, because it was clean, and my tires looked good and did not need rotating. I left having paid the same amount as was originally estimated. This has been rare in my past experience with the dealership.I will definitely be going back to Community Tire and have already touted their fantastic services to any willing audience. Now I understand why my friends have been so intent on getting me to check them out.Great SERVICE!
5	Community Tire is a class act from start to finish. I always feel that I am treated with courtesy and respect, work is done in a timely manner and I am always informed of what is going on with my car at all points in the process.They recently discovered a mistake made on my car by another mechanic at a different shop and fixed it for me on the spot at no charge because they felt it was a safety issue and wanted to ensure I would be okay.Kind, professional, comfortable female friendly surroundings and staff. Highly recommend for any car needs you have- we've gone there for everything from major repairs to wiper blades.
5	I've taken two cars here  for various things and had great experiences each time. The first time, I took my Ridgeline  in for brake work. I wasn't sure if all of them needed done or not, but expected them to be. They did only what needed done (rears), and advised me approximately what I had left on the front brakes. Their prices are fair as well. Feels great knowing I have a place I can take my car and not have to worry about getting scammed.
5	Always extremely friendly. Service and selection is always top notch. Got our car in for the evening, you ordered the tires first thing in the morning, I had my car by 2:00 PM and I was up in the mountains before dinner. Thanks so much!
5	I recently took my vehicle in to Community Tire & Auto to have a coolant leak repaired.  While the coolant leak was fixed my vehicle started leaking oil in the same area the coolant leak was fixed, thus making it necessary to have the original work redone. The staff at the 32nd St location deserve a round of applause for the courtesy and professionalism they demonstrated from start to finish and for a job well done!  oh.. forgot one last note.. I'll be back!
5	I've been coming here for a couple years now for the service on my fleet vehicle. The people here are so flipping nice. They complete service quickly. They've never tried to sell me on something fake I need to have done. I've never gotten the dishonest vibe I get at a lot of other service places. They're lobby/waiting area is fairly cozy as well for being surrounded by tires. I usually use coupons for random other places for the service on my personal vehicle, but am planning on switching to paying full price to come here. There's a reason everyone has rated them 5 stars. Don't get sub-par service or ripped off by going someplace else.
5	I recently received feedback from the owner on my review.  It's not very often I receive feedback from management on reviews I post.  Thank you Mr. Fleischmann
2	This is a review in 2 parts.It's a bit of a journey. I'm reviewing this,which is my old location and will be reviewing my new location.A few years back I was introduced to Community Tire at a festival where they had a booth.Spin the wheel and win a free something or other.well,who doesn't love a spinning wheel,and I won a free oil change.So I go.Great service,friendly staff,incredible management.Have been a customer at this location for almost 4 years.Never had a problem,never had any products or services suggested that weren't neccessary,no hard sell.Fast foward to this year.Got a new to me car.A 2010 american car.From the dealership.where they do all the preventive maintenence stuff before they sell it to you.My first oil change with my new baby.All new staff.No big,same owner,I'm sure I'm good.43,000 miles."Oh,you need a power steering flush.The fluid is dirty".I've owned this car for 3 months...That's a pricey service.Guess where I'm going?Right back to Ford to have them take care of it.Ford shows me and tells me this service wasn't neccessary,however they do the service for me gratis so I can have peace of mind.Next oil change at 46,000 miles."Oh you need new brakes and new tires"WTF????At 46,000 miles?????"Here's the quote"Tires alone were almost 200..EACH!Um...No.I do let them do the brakes as I wanted to upgrade to ceramics anyway,just didn't think I needed them at 46,000 miles...I tell them hell no on the tires.Get the car back,drive for a few days and my tire pressure light comes on.I'm near Discount Tire,so I pull in to have them take a look see.2 tires are fine,one is underinflated(even though Community claimed to check)then the 4th tire is at 51 psi!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!My tire is supposed to be at 32....WTF again????I have sent folks to this location for as long as I've been going.The ex had similar experiences with "needing"services oncethis new team came on board.So have a few other friends who I've sent there.We're all asking each other what the hell happened?So now my car is at a 51,000 mile and guess what,I need an oil change and am dreading going back.I've lost trust,but who can you trust anymore????I Well,all I know is I ain't going back to that location,I will try another to give this family owned business another shot....
4	I got a coupon from them for a free oil change for my birthday. I called on Friday and set an appointment on Saturday for my 2006 Nissan Xterra.We were running a little bit late, and they checked us in just fine. For some reason they set us as a drop off, it wasn't mentioned when I called. The guy was a little grumpy about that.The location was nice, they have a very comfortable sitting area, plasma screen tv, and complimentary coffee. It also doesn't have that stinky auto mechanic smell (like tires and oil). The bathroom is nicer than most bathrooms in peoples houses even, which if you're going to be there a while is awesome. Everything was really clean and they guys working the counter were very professional while we were waiting. We ended up waiting about an hour total. They did bring in our air filter to ask if we wanted it changed and gave us the amount it would be right then. I know most places ask to change your air filter, but this guy was nice and not pushy about it. When we were done, they gave us a sheet with a couple other things wrong with our car. This is where they really stood out. We've taken our car for oil changes, and in the past 2 years no matter where we went (including the Nissan dealership), they've told us its leaking oil, but they don't know why or from where, and we would have to get a diagnostic. These guys told us exactly where the oil was coming from, and that our timing belt was bad (we already knew that, we're saving up for that mechanical horror). They were nice, not pushy about having anything done, and said we could call anytime to get an estimate for those things. I was so impressed with how friendly mostly everyone was, and that unlike seemingly every mechanic on the planet, they didn't try to upsell us, make us buy crap we didn't need, and weren't pushy about anything. We will definitely be back here to get that other stuff done. I only gave them four stars because of the initial grumpy guy and that we were set as a drop off when that was never brought up when I made the appointment.
5	Let start off by saying I live at Scottsdale and Shea and drive to 32nd Street and Greenway to go to Community Tire Pros.  Ron and Mike are fantastic!.  There isn't a more honest group of guys around!  The car's transmission was slipping so we took it in to them to take a look at it.  They did and the total come to $8,500 to fix it.  Now for the good part, Ron did some additional research on the problem.  He had scoured the internet and also called friend who worked for Volvo in town to confirm what he learned.  It was a known issue for Volvo's and the manufacturer might give us some relief on it.  We picked up the car and took it to Volvo to get it looked at.  They came back with the same problem as Community Tire.  Same price as well.  But the service rep offered to go to Volvo to get me some help to pay for it.  Volvo offered to pay for half.  Prior to the car getting fixed I went over all the repairs Volvo said needed fixed with Ron at Community Tire to verify them and Volvo fixed the car.  Now we are back on the road.  I just want to point out the they did the best for me, not them.  Not only was I advised on how to get a better deal, Ron also took additional time with me to make sure the fix was right.  They didn't get paid for any of this.  They did the right thing for me.  I can't say more than this - they will continue to be my auto repair of choice and I will refer all my friends there.
5	This is my second visit to this location. Used to go to 51st and Thunderbird location for a number of years, and only changed b/c I moved. Different people but same great standards for service. Had needed an oil change but didn't call ahead. Typically you need to schedule an appointment at least several days in advance but they were able to fit me in this time. Always confident that they do quality work and follow manufacturer specifications. No constant attempts for service upgrades or cross sell here. If they come across something, like today when they said the tire air pressure sensor wouldn't reset (which I knew about already), they told me a range of the repair cost depending on what needed to be replaced. Listening to their interaction with other customers on the phone and in the lobby, they were always straight forward and never playing games. I see so many horror stories of other places on Yelp, and inconsistencies among locations of national chains. I'm so appreciative of the business ethics and consistency across locations for Community Tire.
5	I LOVE Community Tire!  They are awesome people that care about their customers, community and employees.  Every time I took my car to Mike at the Airport location, things got fix right the first time.  The best part - I really trust them and never had to second-guess the price or being overcharged.  I am not suggesting everyone do that, but I just go to the point where I took my car there, they fixed it and I handed them my credit card.  Didn't even ask how much it was because I knew they would take care of me.In an industry of "Creative" pricing strategies, it is a nice to have a group of people you can trust and feel comfortable with.Too bad you don't have a location in San Diego where I live now....
5	Have been a customer with Community Tire Pros & Auto Repair for a while now. Recently relocated and needed to switch to another location for service. The "new to me" location was just as friendly, knowledgable and helpful with the maintenance on my vehicle as my standby location. Manager on site, owner on site. Great service, great prices. -- check out the community garden too (Durango Street location)
5	The first time I became aware of these guys was when I had a slow leak in one of my tires and happened to drive by the place.  I took a chance and pulled in to the shop.  I was in a hurry as my wife was having a medical procedure done and didn't have time to some smarmy salesman to upsell me on some tires.  I was pleasantly surprised when even though they were busy they took the time to look at my car.  Next thing I know my tire is off, my flat is fixed and they said "have a nice day it's on us".  I was not expecting this!  They were so helpful, the place was welcoming and clean. I became a Community Tire fan that day.  I have since had my wife buy a set of tires, oil changes, and just recently purchased 4 new tires for my own car.  These guys are awesome , affordable , honest,  and worth every penny.   Thank You Community Tire.
5	VERY friendly service, and very clean and welcoming establishment. I actually didn't mind sitting and waiting for my oil change to be completed. They were pretty fast, and the best thing was that they were honest. They will let you know when your car needs something, and they will let you know when it doesn't. Great place! We will definitely be returning.
5	These guys are more like gentlemen instead of guys!  When you need help, and don't understand what's happening, they explain, in english, what's going on and what it's going to take to get it fixed.  Wouldn't go anywhere else!  Thanks guys! :)
5	Great job Jeremy and team!  Jeremy came to my rescue as my alternator had died.  He brought a battery jump box to me, then called a tow company to make sure they would be able to handle my loaded van.  He then stayed after hours to make sure everything was taken care of, and even gave me a loaner car to get home.  The repairs were done the next day at a fair price.  If you want service and integrity, look no further!  Thanks again.
5	These guys were awesome, very customer service friendly. Found them on groupon and will definitely come back.
5	I can't say enough good things about this shop. First, disclaimer, I was ASE certified *many* years ago, before most cars had computer controlled systems. So I like to think I know enough to not be deceived by auto shops.I have frequented Marshall's Service Center for years, and been perfectly happy with them, except for one small issue. They are 10 miles from my house. So any lengthy service that requires dropping the vehicle off (they don't have shuttle service) can be a pain. So the only reason I tried Community was initially because they are close, and because ABC 15 news did a "smart shopper" segment on them so I thought, "How bad could they be?"I started off with a simple oil change, tire rotation, and "could you please check some kind of fluid leak behind the left rear tire?" I elected to hang out in the lobby, and within 15 minutes the tech came in and asked me to come look at the vehicle on the rack. He found my left rear shock was "shot" and leaking fluid. It was clear to me that was causing the stain on my garage floor, so I went ahead with replacement of that.I had also mentioned an odd shifting problem with the auto transmission. They found my transmission pan gasket leaking which *might* be causing the transmission to slip due to low fluid levels. I opted to hold off on that for a few weeks and come back for a full transmission system flush and gasket replacement.As the repair went on, I listened to a conversation with another customer in the lobby with Lorenzo, the service manager. The customer had been told by a Chevrolet dealership that his PCV valve was bad, which was causing a performance problem with his vehicle but that "the valve and the valve cover for the head is one piece" and must be replaced together, all told costing $700. Myself, and Lorenzo, thought that sounded suspicious so Lorenzo (free of charge) made some phone calls for the customer to find that the PCV valve was SEPARATE from the valve cover, and cost a mere $5 for the PCV valve. The customer could swap that out themselves rather than paying the tech to do it or let Community do it for a small charge.All that said, it's clear to me that Community treats customer's well, and they don't try to pull a fast one and make you spend money you don't need to. Further, I've had a nagging "clanking" noise in the front end of my vehicle for 2 years that no one has been able to isolate. The tech at Community took my vehicle for a test drive after replacing shocks and changing the oil, and relayed that he heard the sound I had complained about. He took another look at the vehicle and said, "Oh, it's your stabilizer, the bushing is worn and every time I drove over a bump in the road, it made that noise." Now that said, the repair is 10+ hours which means about $1000 to fix, but the tech made it clear this isn't a safety issue, just an annoyance. Until, of course, it gets really worn and then could be a safety issue but I was just impressed after ONE drive of the vehicle, he knew what the problem was (and again, he SHOWED me).I can't say enough about the integrity of this shop. I'll be coming back again with all of my vehicles. Not withstanding my love of Marshall's Service Center, these guys are only 5 miles from my house and they're awesome :)
5	The first time I used these guys it was because I had been given a free oil change and tire rotation coupon from a family member. Community Tire Pros were close by and appeared to be a reputable business with 5 locations. I have now been there twice and can tell you with certainty that  they provide excellent, honest and reasonably priced service. I've only dealt with Lorenzo - the manager. He is a master at customer relations. It's truly rare to come across someone in that (or any!) business who is as well spoken, considerate, kind and thoughtful. I've worked in service departments of luxury and exotic car dealerships so I know how difficult and stressful it can be. Unfortunately, more often than not, your job is to give customers bad news. Keeping your cool, calm demeanor while managing an upset client is a gift. Lorenzo and his crew possess that gift, and perform their duties with knowledge and confidence. Whenever I'm in town, they will be the only people performing maintenance and repairs on my vehicle.
5	Jeremy and the community tire team are very helpful and honest.  I would recommend them to anyone looking for quality service at good pricing.  We have used them for new tires, tune ups, and diagnosing our company vehicles.
5	This place is great!  Yesterday was my second visit at Community Tire Pros, as I had to have an A16 service done on my Acura MDX as well a rear brake pads.  Of course when this notification popped up on my dashboard stating the A16 service due NOW, I was worried.  I saw dollar signs and my bank account dwindling.First off, I researched an A16 service and it costs about $200-$300 at the Acura dealership.  I expressed my concerns to Lorenzo who greeted me at the front desk and Lorenzo assured me I would be taken care of.  Lorenzo offered me a company car as he stated the service including brake pads may take over an hour.  Awesome, right?  I don't think I've ever been offered this.  I declined as I worked on my iPad in their waiting area on their free WiFi, because their waiting area has very comfy chairs, complimentary coffee, and a HDTV.  As a woman, I'm not very impressed with most body shops or vehicle repair places, but the waiting area is worth waiting in.  I do also want to note that this location if female friendly complimentary products in the bathroom that specifically cater to women's needs if you know what I mean. :PI waited over an hour as stated and my total bill including an A16 service, rear brake pads and rear rotors were barely over $300.  Considering how much "luxury" vehicles are to maintain, I consider this a bargain.  I have family in the car business and since discovering Community Tire Pros through the recommendation of a friend, I no longer take my car to the family.  I am now a loyal customer of this place and totally trust them.  Thank you, Lorenzo, with Community Tire Pros for helping me out today, I greatly appreciate the service an honesty.
5	Yesterday was my first visit.  I had call the day before to get more information.   Needed 2 tires.  Lorenzo was great at understanding my budget and helped me pick the tires that matched what I was looking for.I was told that they were booked up for a Saturday but bring it in any way and they would fit me in.  I dropped it off in the morning well aware that it probably wouldn't be ready until their end of day.  Mark got me checked in and was patient answering all of my questions. Couldn't believe the car was ready 2 hours later.When I got there to pick up, Lorenzo went over a couple of things that I figured would have to done, so I wasn't surprised when he was going over them.  What was nice was that I was taken into the shop and shown exactly the parts that will need to be replaced.  Lorenzo told me right off bat what costs would be to fix the things.  Out of my budget at the moment,  but at least it keeps me well informed.I will be taking my car back and have already told my son to go here when he is ready to get tires.Lorenzo and Mark were great at the entire process.
5	Great service every time and everyone is so friendly! This is definitely my auto shop, and I love the fact that they are open early just in case I have to take care of something before work
4	Been with these guys for a while for oil changes and tires, which have been great. Only thing that knocks a star off is that when I brought my 2004 Prius in for a head light change, it was deferred to be sent to a dealership to be changed for around 400 dollars.10 minutes on the internet and 15 under my hood and I saved myself a $360 on that transaction. I'm gonna go with the benefit of the doubt and assume they can't change the lamps because of some kind of liability, but it still knocks off a star.
5	Mark (pictured here) helped me out with my 2002 Lexus LX470.  I needed rotor work, brake pads and wheel alignment.  All in all it was a fair price and done competently and he didn't try to upsell me on things I don't want for a car that is 12 years old.  An overall pleasant experience as opposed to the dealership and other places where they try to rip you off and think you don't know what you need or won't get a 2nd opinion.
