2	Well.I am unsure if this place has good prices for their products as I was picking up a gift card for my neice, and I have to say, some of their "standard" prices seemed higher than other places.I toured the hair products for men, and prices were at least 20-25% higher than all other places I have seen and from where I purchased.Is this a good place?? not too sure - as it is catered to women, but I sure do hope my neice utilizes the gift card on a sale item.  Guess that is the only way you get your money's worth.
3	First, of course Ulta is a chain.  That being said, you really have to know what you are doing.  I have their "club card" and I will only shop if I have a coupon.  You also have to know how their prices compare to others or you get totally screwed.  Browsing is the worst for me.  I have a weakness in my cynical armor when it comes to beauty supplies.  I BELIEVE the box.  I really think that this or that will make me fun, flirty, sexy or thinner.  I spend copious amounts of money on a whim, or preparation for a date, only to fail at the last minute and end up doing the same thing I do every day.   My failings aside, you really do need to know what you want when you go in.Apparently every Ulta is short staffed, but this location seems to really suffer.  I don't think I've ever been offered help, except at the checkout counter.  I know they do makeovers there, and make up tryouts, but I've never seen anyone actually doing it, or been consulted about any product.  It's hard to even find someone to answer a question.However, they do have products I can't find most places, just price check against Sallys and other stores.
4	Ran in to Ulta tonight to replenish some basic supplies, hair conditioner and the usual stuff.  As usual, they were short staffed.  But they actually called up more employees to the front and had three, that's right, count them, three cashiers.  Once I got to the front, they were super friendly and sweet.  I had to have my Ulta Club Card replaced, as I had lost my wallet a while back, and they took care of it right then and there.  No hassle, no problems.  I was in a good mood when I walked out, so I am upgrading them to a 4 star.
4	I always find a good deal or sale. I go there first and compare some prices as their website is not very handy to buy products. I'm pleased with their buy one and the 2nd 50% off. I used to get mail coupons that were very useful. Now I get mainly e-mail coupons that work only for the online store...mmm. Aside from that, I always have good attendance.
4	This is for Carmen in the Salon.While i don't enjoy shopping at this Ulta, i find everyone to be incredibly rude, i thoroughly enjoy making the trip to see Carmen every time i need to get my hair cut.  She's not your typical hair lady who talks nonsense stories, she's someone you can get to know and not feel pressured to do anything but what you want! Isn't that great??Also, i had just moved to Arizona about 6 months before i saw Carmen for the first time and i had the same hair lady since i was 7....needless to say, i was a nervous nelly! She listened to what i had to say about my hair and took the time to see what she was working with before she got in there.  She's also the salon manager so she definitely knows her shiz.Anyway...if you're looking for someone new, honest and a great stylist (good prices too) then ask for Carmen at the Chandler Ulta Salon!
2	I shop at this location often because its so close to my home.The majority of the time they have the products that I use in stock.The downfall to this particular store is the lack of customer service. I don't typically need assistance on the sales floor since I know what I need. However if I did need help there would not be a soul around to assist me. I don't ever see any staff around except at checkout. When I get to the checkout counter the staff is not personable at all. I don't need a full blown conversation to occur but I would think a "How are you?", would suffice.  Instead of talking to a coworker or the typical "Do you have an Ulta card?", etc. You know the questions they are trained to ask . I would appreciate a thank you after my purchase.Again I will continue to use this Ulta but only because it so close to home. If the customer service does not improve I will have a chat with a manager.
4	Over a year later--working on TWO--I still love my stylist Carmen!When trying someone new, it's comforting to know that I made a great decision in choosing her as my go-to stylist. If you're looking to make a switch, or just moved here and are in desperate need of someone amazing, do yourself a favor and call Carmen :)
3	Pretty much just like all the other locations...salon inside, hair products, makeup etc. I went specifically for nail polish and they do not have as large of a selection as other locations i have been too. My only complaint..thanks for reading..goodbye.
1	Makeup artist was incredibly rude and unprofessional. She gave me the wrong make up color and I didn't realize until I got home. The check out desk was also unprofessional. Manager was yelling at an employee in front of the customers. I will not be back to this location.
3	I shop here because it meets the time and distance parameters of my life.  One more block and it wouldn't fit, and I wouldn't miss it.
3	I frequent this Ulta because it's closest to me. More often than not, they have what I need in stock. And I save a few bucks with their $3.50 coupon they mail out.I've had no problems with returns/exchanges here. I bought a Chi and it died on me a year later and I was able to return it for store credit. Customer service has been a hit or miss for me. My most recent visit I had to exchange a bunch of face products that were making me break out, and the girl helping me was awesome. However, I've had really bad experiences with customer service here in the past so hopefully they are turning things around.I've never had a salon service here and based on the reviews, I highly doubt I will.
5	Keep your receipt!  This store backs their return policy.  I bought a product fearing the worst.  Bingo!  Took it back ready for a fight.  Nothing!  The clerk refunded my money just as graciously as it was first accepted.  Impressive!!
3	Absolutely no customer service on the floor. The salon people will help out if you are way in back by their items. Makeup people will grunt out help if they are questioned. There are nice amount of products there but looking for something specified for just your needs is hard to find because there is no customer service available.
4	Much, MUCH better customer service than the Ray and 56th (Casa Paloma) ULTA location! Greeted at the door, and immediately approached by an associate and her trainee. No, seriously, I didn't even have time to walk on over to the Smashbox section to find my product.  Forgot the woman's name (blue colored hair and a nose ring), but she was extremely helpful and super fun to chat with. She told me Smashbox discontinued their pots of stand alone Brow Tech Wax. You can only buy it in the Brow Tech Brow Filler Pots now . . . sad! She recommended Anastasia's Brow Fix wax pencil. And it gets the job done! Thanks for restoring my faith in ULTA. :)
2	The lack of customer service I have experienced here time and time again is the sole reason I either buy from their website or from Sephora. I've been to this Ulta at least half a dozen times and have never once had an employee come up and ask if I needed help with finding something. The employees you do find around are either busy chit chatting with each other, on their cellphones texting or seem annoyed that you're asking for the location of a specific item. After this last trip there I will not be going back which is a damn shame because they generally have a good stock on hand (which is why they get 2 stars vs 1).
4	Customer service was hard to find walking around the store, but once I found one, it was easy to find what I was looking for. Defintely have in mind what you're looking for and price-point, otherwise you may be taken on a wild goose chase. I definitely recommend getting your brows shaped at the Brow Bar [make an appt], it's not something available at my "local" Ulta and Acacia is a wonderful "brow stylist"! She has done my aunt for a few years now, and any time my mom visits Phoenix (from Indy) she goes there - you know it's worth the visit if that happens. :)  I hope to visit again this year and get them done!
2	I reviewed this Ulta a few weeks ago and I visited again to give it another shot. I came in for a sale on NYX baked powder eyeshadows, which were about 40% off. Awesome....IF ONLY THEY HAD THE ITEMS IN STOCK. There are about 20 different shadows and I was only able to purchase 10 because all of the others were out of stock and/or damaged.Next I went on to the NYX liquid liner. ALL OUT OF STOCK.Maybelline eyeliner, OUT OF STOCK. Maybelline shadow combos, OUT OF STOCK. Almay shadow pallettes, OUT OF STOCK. Everything I came for!?I asked the assistants walking around if they could check for stock and they said it was "stocked this morning"....even though there is no product. Then another assistant came up and said it hadn't been stocked but she wasn't willing to go look for me :(How can this Ulta operate when everything is kept out of stock all the time?! This is extremely frustrating! I made my purchases, also purchased a large and heavy lighted mirror, which the cashier conveniently placed on top of my shadows in one bag. Seriously? I just got my bag home and 4 of them are cracked/powder is completely out of the socket. I am extremely frustrated. I've spent $520 there in the past two months and it is obviously unappreciated. I will stick with MAC from now on.
3	The music in the store was way too loud, I couldn't even remember what I wanted, so I left.
1	Walked around the store for 15 minutes and no one asked if I needed help. When I asked if an item was in stock in back "that merchandise hasn't been worked yet" said there was some in back but won't be brought out until end of week! Made no offer to check for me and he was obviously annoyed.
