5	I used my first groupon today at this place. I wasn't sure what to expect other than bags of different flavors of popcorn. When we arrive we were warmly greeted by the owner and his son.   There is a number of variety of popcorn flavors that we had spent a good amount of time sampling. I liked how they support the local community by donating some of their profits to current events. You can also purchase different size popcorn in 4 bag sizes.   Since we were so impress with the service , versatility of mixing popcorn flavors, and quality we are planning to come back in the future to order for birthdays and perhaps even as our wedding favors. It would be a great item from Vegas instead of using gambling related items for gifts.   The location is a little hard to find at first. It is literally next to a 7 eleven. That is ok but I hope they can find a place that equally accessible to both locals and tourists. I think they have the potential to grow faster if they do.
5	A must go-to when in Vegas!  The best flavored popcorn in the area!  Ask for the smokin hot popcorn. It will knock you socks off!  Owner is extremely informative and friendly!
2	I stopped last week after driving by and seeing the sign. I got the Cheddar Cheese. It was a  stale. The guy at the counter had plastic gloves on. I thought it was so that his hands would be clean while he got the popcorn. He went and got the bucket of popcorn. Set the scoop on the counter. Took my money. Gave me change.  Moved a chair to set the bucket on. All with the gloves on. Guess it wasn't so that his hands were sanitary. $8.00 is way too much for a small bag of popcorn. I should have gone into the gas station and got a bag of Smartfood....
4	I went in after picking up a Groupon deal. I was in the area on a Friday afternoon. I was the only person in the little shop. It's on a busy corner, but I can see ow they might not get much walk in business. The teen working in the shop was friendly, he was willing to let me taste whatever I wanted, but I just deferred to him and told him to pick out a few favors. I ended up with blueberry, cherry, caramel and white chocolate. I've only tried the blueberry, but it was really good. It was sweet without tasting artificial. My only complaint would be the price. If I was paying full price, I'd be less satisfied. The groupon made it a great deal.
5	I never liked flavored popcorn before someone gave me a bag of this.  I have tried most of the flavors and love them all.  They make their cheese popcorn by melting real cheese over the top.  you can totally tell the difference between this and the artificial stuff.
