4	This location opened right before Thanksgiving '11. Still new. Setup is like any other Lee's. Easy to find items.  When I come in, I alway find what I need. Service is good. Not too busy. Close to 215 and the pad.
3	Lee's Discount Liquor is the Smith's and Von's of wine and liquor stores. Chances are they sell the wine or liquor that customers want at a location that is a breeze to pull in and out of. However, if you are an average beer drinker, is it worth visiting Lee's Discount Liquor?   For the average beer drinker, Lee's Discount Liquor is nothing special. I was more impressed with the selection of beer and pricing at the Chevron convenience store in the parking lot. Regardless that Lee's Liquor is clean and organized, I spotted incorrect pricing and no pricing at  the 24 ounce beers. I wish a 24 ounce Hineiken went for $1.99! And there was zero 32 ounce beer.   There are two advantages of the average beer drinker visiting Lee's Discount Liquor. 1) the cold beer is ice cold and 2) people watching.
4	Close by and nice selection, especially for something new and "exotic". Not the best wine selection, but it's great for getting the "hard stuff" - unless they run out (or only have the "jumbo" sized bottle which is not helpful. Otherwise, good service, not too crowded, and mostly knowledgeable staff.
4	Do they have the lowest prices? No. but they certainly don't have the highest either. Remember just because the word discount is in the name doesn't make it so. They do, however, one of the best selections in town. I should also mention an incredibly helpful staff as well. The store is well organized and stocked, I have yet to see them out of something. For convenient location, this place is great. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	My favorite place to go shopping for liquor.  You never know what you might find at this place.  I've found lots of new beverages that I never would have tried at Lees.
4	I love this Lee's! I remember the day I drove by the vacant plaza and saw a sign that said Lee's Discount Liquor Coming Soon! Well it didn't come soon enough. I think it took about a year for them t finally open their doors. When they finally did open, It didn't take long for me to become a regular. I could walk here if i needed but that might turn into a problem! They staff is always friendly and helpful. They have even offered to help try and get some of my hometown items in stock. But I know that Utica Club beer isn't gonna be a hot seller in this town!I love that they always have tastings, special deals & offers. I always get suckered into trying some new type of drink, but I can always count on them to have my staples.
3	It pains me to write a bad review about a liquor store. Not because I'm an alcoholic...anyway.So, I go into Lee's, which happens to always stock some pretty good stuff, but this one looked like it only had vodka or big bottles of crap I don't drink. Don't get me wrong, I DO drink vodka, but I have plenty of that. No, I was on a mission for beer. I walk in and head straight for the cooler. I wasn't going to drink the beer in my car (thanks, NV liquor laws - JUST KIDDING), but I was going to probably start before the garage door closed. You need frosty beer for that. Did Lee's have that? Nooooo. Did Lee's have my fave beer in a 6-pack? Noooo. I had to buy a 12-pack. It's almost like they do that by design. You know, encourage my drunkenness. Well, I don't need any help, LEE'S. What I DO need, is to buy my favorite beer in the most convenient way for ME. In that you failed.I have a friend who happens to like Maker's Mark. I have no idea what it is, I didn't know where to find it so the very friendly employees (and they all are) guided me to, you guessed it, the biggest bottle Maker's makes. Hey...never mind. The mammoth extra large size was all they stocked (seriously?)Anyway, I'm tired of buying Costco sized liquor already. If word gets out I have gallons of liquor in my house all my degenerate friends will want to come over and drink it. Not helpful.But, in all seriousness (if it's possible), I really need to buy my beer, cold, in small quantities and the kind I like (they were missing one of the three that I went in to buy). Otherwise, you are dead to me. Fix this. I probably need to go find a meeting after re-reading this. Great store, great employees, really terrible selection.
5	I can not complain, any time I go in here the staff is very friendly. I can always find what I need with ease. I love that they stock the little can bottles of Sofia Champagne, and of course my favorite Hangar One Citron vodka. Anything else is just gravy.   Mmmm, gravy!
1	Had to drop this down to one star. I'm pretty tired of going in and finding NOTHING of what I need. Happened again. They barely stock six packs so you're forced to buy 12 packs. It gets on my nerves so badly I can't even explain it.The store always looks dark and dingy and filthy. I feel dirty when I go in. The aisles are small, they carry a really small selection. I'm never shopping here again, not when there's a Total Wine a few miles away from me. This place sucks.
4	I love the selection and friendly staff!  I only wish they carried more gifts and party favors.
4	Nice & friendly staffs, good price alcohols!  Always on saleeeeeeee!!
3	Not a big fan of this branch. I don't know where they find the arrogant & mouthy morons who work at this one. You work in liquor store guys you're not saving the world. Unfortunately the egos at this store don't leave much room for customer service. I avoid this store altogether even though it is close to home.
5	This happens to be the closest Lee's to me, yet not the one we visit since the selection at the one off Sunset is GINORMOUS.In a pinch for time, we swung by here to pick up some Scotch as a grad present for a good friend and had a great experience.  Yes, it is a bit smaller than other locations but their selection is still great and everyone is friendly.  The aisles are a little narrow but it's not too bad - or at least it wasn't when we went.It lacked the Starbucks liquer I was looking for, but I had a sample for an Italian sparkling wine and ended up picking that up.  -:)  Gotta love free (booze) samples.
