5	I was Looking for some tires obviously-22's that is. Planned on getting some tires on the weekend. Ended up getting stuck in Phoenix on a Friday night after 5pm. This place was not only open, stayed open late for me & had the best prices. they were $300-$600 cheaper than their competitors I had been getting quotes from! I just sent a friend their way & same story. He saved a couple hundred from his quotes at discount & big-o, even with his "commercial discount" When somebody needs tires, this is where I send them!
1	I regret having to write this review because I genuinely enjoy finding companies who can offer superior products and services at a reasonable price but unfortunately after all the tires I have purchased through them as well as my referrals have I now have a bad taste in my mouth that will linger for eternity. Here we go..... I had to make some repairs to my suspension and afterwards I purchased two brand-new tires and an alignment from Mil Amore. Nothing has changed on the vehicle weight wise and now the vehicle shimmies really bad after 60 mph. So I had my mechanic, that I have trusted for the last 13+ years, to look at it it's and he says that the tires are wearing unevenly and that they are 8 ply and should be 10 ply. He checked the whole suspension to include the shocks to make sure that was the issue and sent me on my way. The other day I had to purchase truck tires for another one of my vehicles through discount so I had them check the tires as well and they said the same thing.....I finally got some free time in my work schedule so I brought this particular vehicle over to mil amore & explained the problem to the owner. Basically, he came up with every excuse in the book why he would not take care of it. Even after I said I'm willing to prove that the shocks aren't an issue and rotating the tires to the back won't help the issue he still told me that even if I prove that the tires are the issue he still won't take them back because some BS about the manufacturers won't do anything for him. So basically, the manufacturer's warranty is BS, his warranty as a business in the state of Arizona is BS & he will sell the wrong tires to anyone just to make a profit and he doesn't care about his quality, integrity or honor. I just lost over $500 to this business, hopefully people will read this review and not waste their hard-earned money as well.
5	they accepted doing service on my car right at closing time when a previous tire shop i had gone to which was in front of them did not want to work on my car because it was 6 minutes before their closing time. service here is great. and they gave a great price for my tires :)
5	I've had a bunch of work done here. Mostly dumb teenager stuff, had them straight pipe my exhaust, and even weld in a new catalytic converter for me, because my old one soured, as well as put shocks in for me and replace one of my tires because it was misaligned, and wearing really weird. They were always helpful, and never tried to sell me unnecessary stuff. They always go out of their way to do quality work, without charging anything extra, even welding on some extra metal bars to hold the exhaust in place so it doesn't shake or rattle at all, and balancing/aligning/rotating my tires for free, after telling them that I only had enough money to purchase their cheapest tire, because I was low on cash. When I wasn't sure if I wanted to keep my resonators in or take them out, they even let me drive my car around with them in to decide if I liked the sound or wanted to remove them. I would definitely recommend mil amores to anyone who needs basic work done on their car. I've never had anything too big done, so I'm not sure how good they would be at like installing a turbo or something big like that.
