5	Tue night is dollar kids scoop night (and $1.50 big scoop)!  It starts at 6pm and goes to 10pm How can you go wrong with that?! We are going to start a Tue tradition of walking the dogs in a big circle so we can take advantage of the yummy treats!Also, the staff is super nice and the store offers many flavors of ice cream as well as sorbets, cakes, and drinks. :)There are some cute lil benches and outside seating so you can have your pets with you... pet-friendly!See ya there!
1	It's Baskin-Robbins, but this location needs some work. We will not be going back here after the way we were treated last night.Let me start by saying previously we were treated ok. Last night we went in after going to a drive-thru Christmas light display on the west side. Since they closed at 10, we thought we'd cap off our fun night. SHould have looked for a BR closer to the light display.There was this kid working there who had a HUGE attitude. FIRST, he decided that instead of helping me, as I stood there waiting, he looked like he was in a trance as the 2 girls were helping other ppl around the store. Then, he decided to snap out of his trance and go to the back and get another tub of ice cream.  When he comes back and finishes that ,he looks at me and tartly asks if I'm ready to order. no, I have questions...AND, my son wants a sample.  When is family night? (signs are posted all over for family nite prices, but no info on when it is). Tonight, he says. GREAT!so, we get the sample, I order mine, and I tell him who's all in our party so I can pay for everyone. THEN, I show him my phone, with the check-in discount of $1 off a $4 or more order. He was UNBELIEVABLY RUDE AND ARROGANT, like he owned the place or it was coming out of his pay or something. He said, we don't take coupons on family night. you're ALREADY getting a good price. and on and on. Like he couldn't believe my nerve! I said, well, it doesn't SAY that on the coupon, and so your MANAGER should take the check-in offer off for family night if that's correct. He just stared at me. Let me give you a TIP, little boy, since your training apparently is either non-existent or quite bad:  a BETTER customer service reaction would be to say, I'm so sorry about the misinformation. I can give you family night prices or I can charge you the regular price and use the coupon. I can't do both, my manager will kill me (or some such thing to blame it on someone who's not there if you're lying, which to me it seemed like he was, since he was so unprofessional I wouldn't believe him if he told me he was in charge).Another weird thing. They newly labelled their (separate and not on the same wall) doors now as "enter" and "exit". Unclear why you can't go in and out the same door if you're parked on that side. My handicapped mom went back out the In door and ignored them.so, beware going there. It may be an unannounced family night, and you think you're going to use a check-in coupon and you'll get Mr Sass n Attitude w/ his bad customer service skills.
5	Brandi skillfully crafted my daughter's ice cream cake to tantalizing Tinkerbell perfection. It was the hit of the party. Completed on time am with short notice, I was more than thrilled with the service, product and friendliness. I'm a happy customer.
4	Hey, it's Baskin Robbins. No gimmicks, it's not hip, but the ice cream is excellent and the prices are ok. FYI: They are now offering specials on yelp and on foursquare for checking in!
5	Ice Ice Cream BabyBy The RueMid-day snack is what I want,Here is where I end my hunt,It is just ice cream but that's okay,If I could I'd go here every day,Free kids scoop if you can guess,The trivia on the board try your best,I've been coming here for 5 years,It's a shame they don't serve beers,Cookies and cream and butter pecan,I'd even eat it on my front lawn,Sorry Julie H. had a bad experience,At least it wasn't like Deliverence,Jim the owner is a good guy,Ask him for a sample, he will comply.BR31!!
4	ok, after the manager was appalled at the way we were treated when no one was looking, she contacted me with an apology and invite to try them again and a coupon, which I didn't have time to contact her or use. However, we have gone back. That kid isn't there that I know of, and the staff has been fabulous lately. Much more professional.
4	Well of course I'm a fan.  I mean really, who's not?!I dig that I can find an occasional DEAL on yelp so there's an additional plus.Location is convenient -almost too convenient.  Love the trivia question although most of the time I do get it wrong.The staff is ALWAYS polite, friendly and helpful.  HELLO!  Anyone listening?  Good customer service does exist, but you have to be purchasing ice cream at this location.  BR should be my BFF.
4	They always have my hubbies Chocolate Peanut Butter ice cream in the prepackaged quarts.
4	Always good!  They were slammed tonight due to Family Night, but the servers were still cheerful and friendly.
4	Standard location. Older. Lots of choices. We went for the $1 scoop nights and it was packed. Difficult to see all the different kinds when more than 4 people are in here (very small). Very little seating so don't bring a big group. Cakes looked delicious in the case - lots to choose from!Overall I think I prefer cold stone if I'm in the mood to spend $5+/person on ice cream.
5	If you are looking for great customer service, this is the Baskin Robbins for you. The staff is so friendly and outgoing. They will learn your name just after a few visits if you regularly visit for $1 scoops days or even just for your weekly treat. If you are looking for a cake, this is also the location to go to. They customize!! We have visited a 3-4 Baskin Robbins and this one always has the nicest looking cakes. The book shows the customized ones they have done so far and all look awesome!We actually go out of our way for this Baskin Robbins because the one closest to our house doesnt have the service or quality this one does.
5	This is my favorite location and I'm so glad I went there on Saturday, August 9th around 4pm, because I had the privilege of meeting and working with Shania.  What an amazing young woman!  I had a confusing situation occur, because of MY error, and she rose to the occasion by helping me, not only with her performance, but by remaining calm, cool and collected.  I felt so bad because the linefor ice cream was growing, but Shania took care of me quickly, so she could assist the other customers.  All the while, her co-worker, a nice young man whom I forgot to get his name, worked efficiently to help the other customers.  This IS my favorite location and my favorite ice cream......bar none!!  It was my birthday celebration, so celebrating with Baskin Robbins Chocolate Chip Pie MADE MY DAY!.  Thanks so the owner and manager for hiring such a wonderful young lady......Shania will make a great manager some day!!
4	Baskin-Robbins always has a multitude of different ice cream options to choose from. This location has fast and friendly service. My current favorite here is the S'mores ice cream. Oh so good!
