4	I pulled in around 4 a.m. and the woman at the front desk did everything she could to get me the best price she could find because she thought it was silly to pay so much for just half a night's sleep. The bed was clean and comfortable, the tv was on when we got into the room which was a little weird but whatever, and the breakfast options were all good even though I was too overtired for anything but yogurt. They have those waffle makers that are all the rage in hotels these days. A bit pricey for a hotel without all the bells and whistles but everyone working was super nice and helpful even when I was too tired to make sense (namely the next morning with not enough sleep and not enough coffee). Also I should note that the starbucks across the street was the best I've ever been to, but that's another review (though made this hotel stay that much better).
3	The hotel was a really good hotel.  King sized bed, HBO, pool, AC in the rooms, located near the interstate and good restaurants (delivery too).  The room was clean and the place didn't smell.  I've stayed in a hotel that smelled like Ramen noodles, that's why I commented on the smell.I only gave it three stars because of two reasons.  1) I got a room with a Kings size bed but I'm sure the bed had Queen size sheets.  So every time I would roll over in bed the bed would become unmade.  Same with my girlfriend. We basically slept on a bed without bed sheets.  We also became entangled in the sheets or were freezing all night.  2) the man at the front desk in around about way called my girlfriend a prostitute.  I put both of our names on the room so we could get in our room no matter who got their first.  Long story short, the front desk guy asked my girlfriend if we were meeting at the hotel for business or pleasure.  Kind of took that as what I mentioned before.
3	the people here we so nice. And the AC kept the room cold enough to hang meat.  But....the cleaning lady needs to wear a hairnet.  The first night there was a long black hair on the tub.  It wasn't in a spot that forced me to deal with it, so I left it.  When I came back that night, the hair was gone, however it multiplied and turned into a hair hanging from the lampshade near the bed, and one one the sink.  Despite that, I would still stay here.   Everyone was so kind.
4	Good clean & comfy room. Very good free breakfast, too.
1	Room smelled like mildew and mold.  They were just going to spray the room since they were sold out.Slept at the airport terminal instead.
5	A very nice place to stay the night, check-in was easy and the breakfast was amazing!!!! Waffles and sweet buns, the sausage was very tasty and full of flavor and my father said it was the best cup of coffee he had had in probably a year (high compliments coming from him.) A great location right off 77, it was the first place we saw and I'm glad it was! The only fault I could find was all the styrofoam (no recyclable) cups and plates at breakfast, GO GREEN! But overall and great place to catch some Zzz's
2	"Who will tell them? You need me to tell them how you helped at the hotel. They blame you for all their misfortunes. " -- Hotel Rwanda (2004)I am a Marriott snob - I prefer to stay in Marriotts wherever I go.  I love the points, I love the service, I love the status.  This time, we stayed here because of the ease and convenience to where our meetings would be and unfortunately that was a mistake.The front desk staff was the nicest thing about this location.  Don't get me wrong, the room was clean and well made, but lots of little things add up very quickly.  First, I was right by the lobby - so sound was a MAJOR issue.  Any conversations had in the lobby - I could hear (and quite well).  The walls were thin as I could hear conversations in the next room as well (not just their TV).  The breakfast was fine - included in the cost of the room - but the toaster did not work very well at all (so you ended up with hot bread instead of toasted) and the juices were like water with flavoring.  Also the scrambled eggs were like rubber and from powder or egg beaters or something - very watery.  The coffee - also not very good.  Thank goodness there was a Starbucks across the street.The A/C units were the old-style and made insane noises when cutting on and off all night - not very helpful when trying to sleep.  Time to upgrade, Marriott.  My co-worker and I agree that we won't be staying here again.  Probably the Courtyard across the street or something nicer a little further from the customer next time around.
3	The bed is comfy and the room is clean. The front desk was helpful when i was having trouble logging into the wifi. Even better they brought me some toothpaste after realizing i had forgotten mine.I have to agree with another Yelper tho about how noisy the AC unit is. It woke me up through out the night. I could also hear doors opening and closing and toilets flushing. Probably would've been ok had the AC unit minimized the whining. Breakfast was eh... I've seen better spreads. There wasn't much waffle mix left so my sons waffle looked a lil crazy and was hard since it cooked it for a full sized waffle not a half. Eggs looked watery so i went with the instant oatmeal. Eh, but cant complain too much when it's a free meal. Overall it was ok. We are platinum Marriott's members so needless to say we have stayed at many marriotts all of the world. This one faired average amongst the others.
