4	Caribbean Fusion Restaurant and Bar is a new and much needed offering in the Valley restaurant scene. Caribbean food in an elegant full service setting that is reasonably priced and authentic. The menu is very smartly varied to include authentic staples including Jerk Pork or Chicken, Fricasee Chicken, Curry Goat and Red Snapper to name only a few. The flavors were strong and the preparations true to traditional recipes, with clean and elegant presentation using fresh quality ingredients. For the less adventurous, the salads and build-your-own pasta entree options were not afterthoughts, but just as thoughtfully  prepared.  Caribbean Fusion also has a full bar with several island-inspired cocktails on the list, as well as a well rounded wine list and several fresh fruit non-alcoholic drinks to sample. The only drawback keeping CF from getting 5 stars from me is the lack of  patties on the menu! My dining companions (caribbean food enthusiasts) were soreley dissapointed, but the waitress assured us that they would be featured on the menu soon. The atmosphere at Caribbean Fusion is very mellow, the space is open and inviting and very relaxing.  The waitstaff was friendly and attentive (although my visit was 8pm on a Sunday and we were the only guests). Although the nondescript strip mall in South Scottsdale is not the most trendy location, Caribbean Fusion is close to the Scottsdale Club scene and Tempe's shopping and attractions as well. Definitely stop in next time you are in the mood for something new and you won't be dissapointed. CF is also open for lunch and has a late night menu featured for Friday and Saturday evenings as well.
5	I was introduced to this hidden spot by Jamaican friend who has been on a mission to discover great Caribbean food in Phx. It officially fills a void that has long been standing!The decor and feel is classy but not stuffy. I can imagine going here on a date for sure. There are great booths on one side for a hidden rendezvous for cock-tailing. I loved my dinner which was fish, rice and peas and green beans. It was flavorful and prepared perfect. My picky dinner companion raved about how much the food reminded her of home. Not one plantain was left on her plate.Oh and my cocktail which was like a mojito but better was amazing! I would go back just for that drink.Check it out! Its one of those rare gems that needs some support and the word spread.
2	Caribbean Fusion is good, but needs a little menu tweaking. I went there totally expecting beef patties on the menu. After I already ordered my Jerk Pork, I asked if they would eventually serve them. The other server (not my server) said..."oh, we have them". Huh?? Where? They certainly weren't on the menu or mentioned when I ordered. All I really wanted was a couple beef patties, some plantains and genuine ginger beer! I ordered the beef patties (abandoned my jerk pork) and ate the plantains I ordered with my pork dish. The patties were delish and so were the plantains. The jerk pork was flavorful but a little on the tough side. Simply put, the menu was great with the Jamaican dishes. They went awry by adding Italian style pasta dishes and salads with no Jamaican flare, American side dishes....like corn on cob, baked potato and french fries. They're not super busy yet, and could probably do better by narrowing the selection to a few stellar and genuine Jamaican dishes. Oh, by the way, the website is www.jamicanfusions.com (Fusion with an "s", unlike the spelling of the restaurant). On the lighter side, I know a great Mojito, and theirs are fantastic!!! Bon Appetite!
2	I went to this place mid week late afternoon( No other customers beside myself and my friend) We were not at all impressed by the service ie: the bartender(we sat at the Bar)He was young, attractive, with absolutley NO personality. We were unsure of what to order so we took our gamble on  the Jerk Burger, with a side salad. I must say the food was fair, the salad was yummy and refreshing. The glitch... right as we were served another employee decided it was time to freshen the air, and to disinfect the furniture. I would have to say ...The food was fair ..But they have a LONG way to go for customer service. Which by the way I have been in Rest/bar biz for 24 years. Sad but True
4	Caribbean Fusion was an unexpected treat. We went on Wednesday night for their All you can eat buffet $15. They had a huge selection of meats including Seafood. The best ribs I have ever eaten, Jerk Chicken, Shrimp Stirfry, Goat, Tasty Fish, Shrimp, Oysters on the half shell. There was a make your own salad bar, homemade soup, a wonderful veggie combination, excellent mashed potatoes, beans and rice, rolls and even deserts. They also have a full bar including Pina Coladas, Mojitos, Daiquiri's... The service was top rate and the live music was a nice touch. We will be back for sure.
5	Had the lunch special for $7.95, jerk burger and tropical salad. The burger had an awesome flavor and a lot of bacon and thick cheese. The salad was mixed greens, tomatoes, mango, pineapple, and watermelon in a light vinaigrette. Everything really tasty and nice people.
5	I went there for lunch the other day and had the curry goat and 2 beef patties which I did not see on the menu, but requested after seeing on this website that they had them.  Everything was excellent!  I usually eat curry chicken when I eat jamaican food, but at the bartenders recommendation, I tried the curry goat and was not disappointed!!!  I can't wait to go back for the buffet!!!
4	Caribbean Fusion offers unique menu including many dishes beyond jerk for those looking for something a little different, friendly and efficient service, prices fairly easy on the wallet, and wonderful food!This was my first Caribbean restaurant experience, and it was a great one. Like many overlooked dining gems, it's tucked into a strip mall on the east side of Scottsdale Rd. along with a Sleep America, a mexican joint, and a bar, but it's worth seeking out. When we walked into the darkly decorated but well-window-lit restaurant, our hostess/server, Judith, greeted us with a huge smile and continued through the meal with helpful menu hints, intriguing food information, and top-notch service. The tables were cleanly dressed, but even though it was a "cloth napkin setting," we felt comfortable in our casual clothes.My bf ordered the sweet, fresh Fruit Fusion smoothie--a wine glass  of mango, strawberry, and raspberry purees--and I ordered the tarter and refreshing Tropical Lemonade--lemonade with mango and strawberry and mango purees (each was $5). Wanting some new flavors, we started with the Ackee and Salt fish Strudel, described on the menu as "sauteed onion, peppers, dried codfish and julienne tomatoes with Jamaican ackee wrapped in flaky phyllo pastry, served with a spiced tomato sauce." For $4.50, we received two servings of the pastry, dressed in spicy red sauce. We could slightly smell the cod, but it wasn't overpowering, and the taste with the red sauce was awesome--buttery, savory, salty, with sparks of flavor from the cod and, I assume, the ackee throughout. It was just enough to whet our appetites.My bf ordered the jerk pork ("leg of pork marinated in Jamaican herbs and spices, roasted over open spit and served with a jerked pork sauce"), roasted garlic & parmesan mashed potatoes, and fried plantains ($10.50). Every bite I tried was delicious, the components perfectly cooked and well-seasoned. For some reason, fried plantains have always seemed starchy or "green" tasting, but these were soft with a ripe, gentle banana flavor, without the sweetness of an actual banana. I ordered the braised ox tail (braised medallion cuts of ox tail with chunky vegetables, lima beans, and dumpling spinners), green beans with bacon bits, and french fries (I'd been hoping to try the fried bammy, but they were out)($12). The ox tail was perfectly cooked--melt-in-my-mouth soft and tender. I usually don't like thick-cut fries, but while these were wide, they were also skinny, so the crunch skin-to-soft hot mashy innards ration was perfect. Plus, they stayed crispy through the entire meal instead of going mushy within minutes. Our waitress brought two hot pepper sauces, which I enjoyed--one just a regular red pepper sauce, and the other a scotch bonnet sauce. Dessert options included standard American offerings--carrot cake, strawberry cheesecake, hot fudge sundae--and we almost skipped until our waitress described the tuxedo cake: layers of cake, vanilla mousse, and chocolate mousse topped with whipped cream. A fabulous ending, even if it wasn't very Caribbean.We plan to go back to try the Wednesday-night buffet. Judith gave us animated and excited descriptions of several of the dishes, and we're looking forward to returning.Update: Went to the buffet with a few friends, and we enjoyed it--there were some nice, rich, savory flavors! It was gluttinous, getting to eat as much oxtail as I wanted. Janice was right--the curried goat does not taste gamy at all. The seafood ragout in white sauce was delicious, as was the escovitch fish (red snapper, according to the bartender, who was also bussing tables and visiting with tables). The jerk chicken was a little problematic--one friend's was overcooked, and mine seemed somehow grisly, which I've never encountered with chicken. Both of us left the chicken on the plate even though the flavor was fine. It was nice to see a chafing dish filled with their tasty mashed potatoes, as well as plenty of their tuxedo cake on the little dessert table, which also offered carrot cake and cheesecake. Other offerings included a small salad bar, chicken soup, rolls, steamed veggies, and seasoned rice and peas. My friend had a mojito but said it was too sweet; the bartender graciously remade it without a shrug--yet more kudos for attentive service. I do hope that they lighten their buffet selection as the weather warms, though!
4	I loved the atmosphere of this restaurant, I was a little disappointed in the service. I was also disappointed because other people on here were able to eat the beef patties and they did not have them when I went there. This was one of the main reasons why I went there....I really wanted one. But I also ordered the curry goat because of other reviews  which was really good and also tasted the Jerk chicken it tasted more like a BBQ sauce I expected a little heat. I loved the rice and fried plantains. I overheard another customer say that the food did not taste the same like like the pervious times that she had went there.  Overall, I enjoyed the food that I ordered, I would try this place again and see if things changed and will probably call ahead of time to see if they have beef patties available. Also I would have loved to have some music playing...I love reggae and all I heard while waiting was a sports channel on a TV by the bar.
4	I've known about Caribbean Fusion Restaurant and Bar for a long time, but my wife and I finally had a chance to experience the Scottsdale eatery in June 2009.It was extremely important for me to bring my wife to Caribbean Fusion for two reasons:1) She is a native of St. Croix in the United States Virgin Islands so she would be the best judge of the Caribbean cuisine.2) She offered to pay!We were both immediately pleased with the coziness of the environment inside and the friendly nature of our server, Judith. We've all been to a black-owned restaurant where the customer service was ... ahem ... downright rude! Everyone in Caribbean Fusion greeted us with a smile or a hello which was refreshing!The menu featured a number of interesting dishes including jerk T-bone steak, lobster tail, fricassee chicken, Jamaican red peas soup and steamed crawfish.My wife ordered the Braised Ox Tail with rice and peas and fried plantains. I'm embarassed to say that I gave into my addiction to BBQ and asked for the pork baby back ribs! I had all that Caribbean food at my disposal and I chose an American dish! Yeah, yeah, I know ...I sampled some of my wife's Ox Tail before I tasted my ribs and it was excellent! Juicy, hot and mixed in with some of the rice! I'm a big fan of Ox Tail so I tried to convince her to trade with me. She wasn't havin' it!Then I tried my ribs ... fall-off-the-bone meat, with a thick sauce! Caribbean Fusion's won't compare to anything that you'll find in Memphis, Kansas City or Chicago, but they were still tasty.My favorite Caribbean side dish is fried plantains and Caribbean Fusion's version was pretty good. I think my wife's fried plantains are better.My wife has had a few bad experiences with Caribbean-inspired restaurants here in the past but she was clearly impressed with this place! We were a little disappointed that we didn't hear any reggae, dancehall or calypso playin' softly in the background.But all in all, my wife and I agreed that we will be visiting Caribbean Fusion again and again! And she will be payin' again and again!
1	Well, we can't say much for the food since we never got waited on.  We came in last night, a party of six and was seated, five to ten minutes later we got our menus.  Later we finally got some water, we were never asked if we wanted a drink and the waitress who walked by our table several times never even stopped to say sorry she was busy or anything... she didn't even look at us!  There were only 5 tables seated at this time and 2 were done eating.Needless to say, after about the 6th time passing our table without even a drink order we got up and left and will never ever be back.  I doubt you will be seeing this place in business very much longer.
4	I finally checked this place out on a Saturday night. They were under staffed so service was slow but the food was great. We had crab cakes as an app (tasty) Jerk leg of pork and Pan Seared Sea Bass w/ Plantains, Green beans, Rice & Peas. All was excellent. I strongly recommend the Bass.
3	Not sure if it had to do with the holiday, but they were out of everything!  There was maybe 1 or 2 people at the bar that I think may know the owner but otherwise the restaurant was deserted.  So I guess check it out before its gone!We pretty much ordered everything that was available off the menu - the chicken appetizer in peanut sauce was very good.  The oxtail curry was pretty good but not sure about the quality of the meat they used (there was a lot of fatty parts).  The chicken ??? (you'd know it if you saw it, its not the jerk or anything you would think off hand) was very good warm.  The soup with the red beans was ok, I wasn't a fan but my friend liked it a lot.  I really liked the fried plantains but the rice (white and with red beans) was kinda crisp/hard in some places.Over all, I liked the food but not sure about the quality of the ingredients and portion sizes.  The prices were pretty good so maybe that's why they don't give you that much.
1	I think this place went out of business. I tried to eat here twice and the establishment was closed during their listed hours.
5	I've eaten here twice this trip and just love it!  I had the Goat Curry the first time and Pork Jerk Dinner the second time. Both were huge and delicious!  I'll add more when I get back to San Diego with my own internet (I'm at the Chandler Library) but just wanted to get my 2-bits in for now.
5	Fried Plantains, Chicken  and red beans and rice dish = DELISH!I can't say I've had any other Carribbean food, but for my first experience this was absolutely delicious. Ah the thought of it is making my mouth water... need to make another trip back soon before I get back on my health kick.
4	Had the random urge to try Caribbean food. Googled and found this gem down the street from me! Went at 4pm, so not for sure how busy it gets because of the time of day I went. They were out of half of the 4 appetizers they offer. But I was up for trying new stuff so didn't matter much to me, I was game.  Had the Escovitch  Fish appetizer. Whatever the red pepper on it was super hot (I was warned it is a spicy dish and was feeling adventurous). For dinner tried the jerk chicken, with fried plantains and green beans with bacon. It was so good! Definitely going back! My son (who is 4 1/2) liked the place too, but then again he likes it when I make him cereal, lol.
2	I really really wanted to review this place highly but I just can't.  I went there on a random weekend evening hoping to find another diamond in the rough strip mall restaurant.  When I walked in I was immediately impressed by the decor and general atmosphere.  We were the only ones in the whole restaurant, which was surprising, but it was really nice.  It looked like there was only one guy working as well - he was very nice and offered recommendations so no issues there.That's about the end of my positive experience though unfortunately.  Service, as nice as the waiter was, was extremely slow.  It took a loooooong time between times when we saw our guy and when you're the only party in the restaurant - not good times.  Needless to say I was really, really excited when the food finally made an appearance.  The disappointment continued though.  I ordered the Curry Goat on the server's recommendation, and there was literally more bone than meat.  The meat that I was able to get was sub-par as well.  All in all, I wouldn't go so far as to warn friends against CF, and I will probably go back at some point to see if things are different, but I was definitely uninspired upon leaving.  Hopefully down the line we'll see a review update that can add a star or two...
4	This place had great Caribbean food.  I would get the oxtail and it was just like my grandmothers.  It is shame that is not open.  The valley has lost a hidden treasure.
