3	The wife and I had noticed this place recently and decided to try it after noticing no reviews were on Yelp. It's Mexican cuisine whose format seems to be loosely based on chipotle style ordering. The menu is limited, offering burritos, tacos, and quesadillas. They do offer ribs that we didn't try. Something about ribs doesn't scream Mexican food to me. I ordered a chorizo and bacon breakfast burrito, my wife selected crane asada tacos which came with two sides. The burrito didn't have a bad taste but it had no texture even with the bacon and it was very mushy. The taco combination was presented well and it looked promising. Unfortunately it wasn't the greatest crane asada that we've had. It was  pretty tough and made eating the tacos without destroying the entire construction of the taco very difficult. The woman helping us was very polite and answered our questions but could have done a better job with explaining their format for ordering. We kind of had to just figure it out on our own as she watched as we were visibly and verbally thrown off by the setup.   Overall it wasn't terrible and the prices aren't bad, but hopefully over the next couple months they will work out some of the minor issues. I'd like to try this again at some point in the future
5	Delicious! It looks like everything is made fresh daily. I ordered the wet burrito w/ pork. It's kind of like Subway in that you can have them add whatever you like on it. It was so good I actually ate the whole thing!Will visit again!
4	So this place is pretty new, like still figuring their stuff out it seems. Food was pretty dang good. The Carne Asada was very good, the chicken was big chunks so I'd suggest the beef instead. Everything else was typical mexican style food and flavor. All made fresh though so they've got that going for them. Prices were great btw! We'll be back for sure
5	This place is new and awesome if you live in Northtown or near Nellis. Great for date nights or with the kiddos.
5	Great Food, great price, great family location. 3 people can eat for $15! Definitely going back. Much better than the other Mexican places close by.
5	Muy Rico, bueno, limpio, buenos precios, la comida es fresca y de buena calidad me gustaron las tostadas de camaron las tortillas a mano k las hacen en el momento.
4	I have eaten here numerous times... Breakfast burrito, pork tacos and the Pork burrito... I am not a taco expert but i do like their tacos,, more than anywhere i have tried in the valley.. 1.75 a taco, extra for guac,, I definitely am a fan..  The breakfast burrito is good,, i get the chorizo, with bacon, eggs, rice and beans..  I eat one and i am full till supper..  The burritos are good too,, everything is made from scratch.. Definitely try this joint out... Their menu is expanding as weeks go by....  I think i will try an enchilada.. dont think i ever had one before... Corner of Craig and Lamb,,
4	This place is good.  It's a little joint that you get in line to order, walk around the corner to pick up, and pay after you eat.  I ordered the 3 tacos so I could sample their selections.  I got one fish, one carnitas, and one carne asada.  The fish was good, the carnitas was better, and the carne asada was just ok.  You can pick the toppings, the sides, the meat and the tortilla. They have a soda fountain, bottle and canned drinks.... and I even some some beer selections. This is very casual quick grab some lunch kind of place, but the food was good and the staff friendly. If I'm hungry on this side of town again, I will come try some of the other meats. Who am I kidding....I'm always hungry!
4	I am giving this place 5 stars for service, kindness, and genuineness. Why the 4 stars? Simply to leave room for improvement... The place is cute and the food tastes wonderful. They got us in with their $10 Yelp deal for $20 worth of food! Had a great discussion with the manager who is so sweet and hard working. The place is great but I feel that they could make some slight changes to make it even better. Yes, I'm just being over critical but like I said in my profile, I have to be honest.
5	We ordered 3 carne Asada burritos with the Yelp deal & it covered the bill. The meat was juicy and the serving are huge. I will definitely come back, everyone seems so nice
4	Went here for a quick breakfast burrito. YUMMO!!!! Fresh made on the spot. I git bacon and egg with loads of veggies and salsa. SUPER GOOD! DEFINITELY give this place a try!
3	I like the fast food idea of a mexican food restaurant on my lunch break.  It was highly military populated at that time.  the eat now, pay later concept is a little disturbing to me, they didn't really know what I had ordered by the time I went to pay but the food was pretty good and descently priced.
4	My boyfriend and I stopped in since we stay around the corner, and we used their Yelp deal -- $10 for $20. The menu is well-priced. We ordered the chicken and cheese enchiladas, chicken and cheese quesadilla, some fish tacos, and one of each tostada (shrimp & ceviche). We enjoyed everything but the enchiladas; my boyfriend says it might be the sauce, but we also came in around closing so this may play a part. They're very friendly; if i'm in the mood for some quick Mexican food I'll probably head here since it's in walking distance.
4	Venue:  SaborrDecor: Enough tables to sit about 20-30Service: Very Friendly, helpful, knowledgeableEnvironment: Comfortable...good for breakfast or lunchFood: Mexican Prices:  Affordable.....has yelp $10 for $20 option Debbie Downers:  I thought it was  Conclusion: The only reason I'm placing it 4 stars because I would have to check it out again second guessing myself if the food was really that good!  I had their breakfast stuff and it was absolutely awesome but I want to refrain on a total analysis once I try the non-breakfast stuff.  The fact that they honored my $10 for $20 voucher as I literally got it 5 mins before I got there is cool in itself.  The breakfast burrito was quite delicious  and lack of hunger lasted until dinner.  Damn near 10+ hours.   You have a lot of options to add with rice, refried beans, guac!, avocado, mild or hot salsas, queso y mas!  I would definitely check this place out again if in the area.  Saborr is down with TeamPortions! Overall: B+/A-
5	I've had some amazing tacos from taco trucks and being that I was in the area with my mom visiting my dad in the hospital, I was craving for some Mexican food. This is about as authentic as you can get on Craig Rd if you're looking for good solid Mexican food. They are made fresh and fast. The military discount is a nice touch, thank you!
4	There's not a ton of lunch places up on ol' Craig Rd, so I was definitely excited when I saw one open up recently that was even on the front cover of the LV Weekly!! The food was good. Really good, actually. I had the 3 taco plate ($6.99) - birria, fish, and carnitas. I never order birria, but it was reallllly good. And so were the carnitas! Fish was decent, but not memorable. The plate came with 2 sides (I picked beans & rice), so it was totally filling. Actually, I didn't even finish it, which is pretty rare for an eater like me. Overall, excellent value. More food, locally owned, and about the same price as Chipotle. Plus points for 10% off military discount.Ambiance, however, is kinda lacking. Or I mean, this isn't a place with ambiance. It's more like a Roberto's. Perfect for a lunch break from work. If I lived in the area, I might even hit it up for a casual dinner once in a while (2 for 1 happy hour! $1.75 micheladas!).Possibly a 5-star joint, considering the neighborhood, but it was so hot in there at lunch that I couldn't give them the nod this time. Will try Saborr again!
4	Place is quiet and offers some great food and the prices are great. Lots if seating and the place is clean. Food is fresh and there are a lot of choices. I have been here twice now and I just used the yelp deal 10 for 20 and I ended up ordering more food just to reach the 20 dollar mark. Check them out!
4	The first two times I came here the fish tacos were out of this world. The last two times- not so great. But everything else has always been top notch. This little mom and pop shop is like a chipotle in that everything you order is made right in front of you. Love that we can get a real Mexican coke here too. The best part about this place? A family of 3 can get a good meal for under $20.
5	Really good burritos, chipotle style you pick what you want on it! Good prices $5.99 for a burrito. Good service.
5	So good we've been back twice in 5 days. The shrimp tostada is fantastic, and the pork adobada torta was also really good, as was my chili verde taco. Similarly to Chipotle, you can go down the line and tell them exactly what you'd like on your torta/taco/burrito. Unlike Chipotle, the upcharge for guacamole is only $.25 for tacos/tortas, and $.50 for burritos, and most of the time, they don't even comp it anyway. Oh, and the guacamole's more flavorful anyway.For a fraction of the price of Chipotle, I got more food, dessert, and 2-for-1 beer. Eat local.
4	Very tasty tacos and incredibly affordable.  The cooks were both very friendly and they offer a military discount, even though they are ridiculously cheap.  The fish taco was the only miss for me.  It was a little too fishy for my taste.  But, fresh guacamole and sides with all the fixings and only $8.72 for 3 tacos, beans and rice, and a horchata.  Fantastic deal for the budget conscious!
5	Very surprised how good this place is, menudo and birria severed everyday instead of just Sundays like most restaurants, the birria was excellent . They also sell beer and make micheladas! Food prices and cheap might be a little more expensive than Roberto's tacos but well worth it . I will be coming back! :)
5	Food is just too awesome. Highly recommend! Tortillas are handmade which makes it even more awesome so let's add more stars.shrimp Coctel is a plus and the tacos is just yum yum crazy. love the chile rellenos but not a fan for the red sauce but decided to try it and it's actually pretty good, kids loved the quesadilla, so if your looking for a new frequent place to eat this would be the spot.
4	Tasty Mexican meat. They know how to cook flavor into meat.  Ceviche is yummy and the pork is good. The restaurant crew is very nice too.
5	Had the taco salad. It was delicious. I planned to take a photo but I ate it too quick to even realize I hadn't taken a picture. This place will give you something to taco bout later with your amigos. Can't beat the $20 for $10 deal on yelp right now either.
