1	The auto glass company that is set up here is super shady. They rescheduled our appointment 4 times and still never showed up. We finally had to cancel our order. Not happy at all. Stay away!!
4	these guys are hit and miss and I've seen both ends of the spectrum. usually everybody there's real friendly but the glass chip guys are like buzzards. I got a nice car so I expected to be taken care of, so I guess my car gets treated a little better than the 1984 chevy blazer, but the times when they are done and I still see glaring issues is really annoying- yet they'll still take care of it. but i'll always go back here. and if you're into lame forearm tribal tattoos, I think that's part of the interview process that you must have them if you want to work there
5	I love this car wash.  Very friendly employees and the prices are so reasonable for their detail work.......you don't even have to make an appointment - just get up early and it's first come first serve on detailing.  We do all three of our vehicles there, plus the horse trailer which looks stunning after they are done with it.
1	Worst experience ever. Not only did they do a terrible job, they made me argue with them for 30 minutes to get them to HONOR their own coupon they sent me in the mail!  Would not, and will not recommend them to anyone.
3	They do an average job.  Sometimes they get very busy though.  I pulled right up last time I was there and didn't have to wait at all to pull into the car wash, but when I pulled around to the drying station, it was packed!  I think I waited about 40 minutes.  They seem to always have coupons on their website and I just bought a 90 day unlimited car wash pass off Groupon for $33.  Great deal!
3	My first time here today so I hope to bring my other car soon and will have a fair assessment of their service.Came on a Wednesday at 3pm, there was only 1 car ahead of me in the car wash, and about 4-5 vehicles getting finished afterwards, so not too busy at all...Was offered a special on their Full Service wash/wash/interior detail the wash was free and to come back and get it done later. I opted to just try a regular wash to start and see how their service was. I didn't get talked into any glass repair, oil change, or other services which is nice since I hear that other reviews were being sold such services.I was told there was no need to tip any of the guys, but I did feel compelled to tip the kid who finished off my car, as I watched him and he did a good job.Car looks great, especially since it had been about 1 month since I washed it, and I just moved/drove here from Northern California so it was pretty dirty and covered in bugs.Inside waiting room was okay, felt a little warm. There was coffee, water, a fish tank, and some tv''s.Note- my car is lowered about 1.5" and on 18"s and I barely fit onto the track, but once I was on it didn't scrape at all. They offered to hand wash it in case it didn't clear.
1	I took my car there for $149 detail! They told me it would take 2-3 hours, not a problem! I picked up the car and they did a good job! I tipped the guy $20 and drove home.  It wasn't until I drove to work Monday that I realized several of my personal belongings were missing! Still not a problem....I will stop by on the way home!  So Monday afternoon I stopped by and now there was a problem! Nothing of mine in their lost and found!  I went home and my husband called to talk with the manager, who was not there....so he requested for him to return his call the next day!  Never heard from the manager! But what really got me was Thursday when I filled up for gas I went to get some spare change for a soda that I keep in the car and it was gone! I called the car wash and spoke with the manager, Steve, about my experience!  He took down my name & phone #, told me he wanted to do some investigating and would get back to me.......haven't heard a word!So if you want your cleaned and cleaned out, this is the place to go!
1	Sunglasses were stolen out of the glovebox. The onsite manager and KIDS that washed my car gave me attitude about it afterwards. Cops came. Still no sunglasses. Best part, their Corporate VP offered me free car washes as the "best they could do" even after admitting to me he'd never go back to a place that stole from him! AVOID FULL CIRCLE CAR WASH AT ALL COSTS!!!
3	As other people have said the service here is hit or miss.  Like other car washes they try to up sell you other services and yes they have a windshield salesman there who tries to get you to repair any chips you have.  Just an average car wash but the kids do enjoy being able to stay in the car as it goes through the car wash.
3	I walk out to my truck after a long day at work.  As I approach I think to myself, maybe even partially out loud due to my spreadsheet coma, "WOW that is one dirty truck."  I notice all the bug carcasses stuck to the grill and windshield, the thick coating of valley fever harboring dust brought on by the relentless Sonoran Desert winds, the yellow bits of "pollen" the hardy mesquite trees like to disperse as said relentless winds blow, and finally the greatest gift given to a vehicle...the dreaded bird bombs.  I wake up the next morning and decide I should wash my truck, only one problem...I am not really feelin' it this morn.  I make a decision I rarely make, I go to the car wash.  Now, I usually wash my own vehicles so this full service car wash thing is new to me.  In the beginning all seems well, I ask "what is the difference between the works and the VIP wash?"  The reply, "The VIP is better" WOW, MOM.  Thanks for your insight, it was hugely appreciated.  I remember I have a coupon and show it to him on my phone, he actually asks me to and watches me delete it...umm I can download it again from the interwebz.  Anyway, I digress.  The wash went well until the dryer.  The air was blowing so fast that the hood was bowing and a piece of trim popped loose.  When all was said and done the manager did come over and put it back in place, I figured it wasn't broken and just wanted it snapped back in place.  When he is finished he tells me I should put a piece of tape on it so this doesn't happen, all the while I am looking at bug remnants in the grill of my truck.  In conclusion, I am at home looking at bug remains on the grill and for goodness sakes...there is still some bird bomb on the windshield.  While my truck is definitely cleaner, I usually do a bit better job in my driveway...at least on the grill.  Bottom line: The price was reasonable, the service and the wash was average.  Would I go back?  Probably not, i just won't be so lazy next time.  By the way, there was no attempt for an up-sale this time.
5	Great place to get your car or truck washed. My car is clean and friendly people. I recommend this car wash to all my friends.
1	My husband took our vehicle in to get a car wash last week. After they (thought) were finished came in to get my husband to show that one of the windows had fallen down into the door. It is an older vehicle so this is a possibility to have happen...interesting part is that it is a new window and track...there should not have been a problem. My husband explained that this WAS a problem and the "customer service" person then said, "Well, it's not MY problem." Anyone that has any customer service skills at all knows not to say something like that. After my husband settled down from that whole episode he looked more closely at our vehicle only to find that the vacuum job was horrible. There was also still debris on the outside of the vehicle. My husband normally washes our vehicles and this is exactly why. The unfortunate part about the whole thing is that my husband was just getting it cleaned so we can turn the vehicle over to the person who is buying it from us. We will never go back to this car wash again and the experience is just a strong reminder of why we wash our own vehicles.
5	Best place to come get your car clean!Kuddo's to the team!
2	Biggest problem here is inconsistency. Have been half a dozen times, and 50% of the time your car is still dirty. Price is higher than most full service washes. They also have huge markups on air filters, in cabin filters and everything else they try to sell you. Example, in cabin air filter for $30. Went to auto parts store (which is accross the parking lot) after wash and bought one for $15. Basic oil change is 39.99. Danny's on gilbert and Germann changes 29.99. Both with a free wash included.  If you're in a rush, it will do, just don't expect a clean car every time, and be careful buying the "extras".
2	Oil changes are double the price of Fletcher's which is very near by. I tried using a competitor coupon and was denied. They are very overpriced here with zero chance at savings.
1	Visited 1/3/14This is the worst car wash around!!  I have been several times. Each time I go I swear I won't go back. And then several months later convince myself to give it another chance. On this last visit, I tried again. Convinced myself that it would be better. After I drove away and got into the sun where I could see the interior, it was obvious they have not improved. Dash as smeared with treatment. Windows were horrible, almost like they used the same cloth as they used on the interior.  I spent an hour cleaning windows and re-doing areas after I got home. I have also had similar experiences of pushy glass repair people as indicated in other reviews. Unfortunately, there are very few options.  But my suggestion is to either do it yourself or drive the extra time to a better location.
1	Warning, Do Not Buy Groupon...Spent $25.00 for six "elite" car washes at Full Circle Car Wash.  The first one,  the car was cleaned inside and out.  But wash 2-6, was exterior water only,  no wiping.  I can go down the street and run my car through a wash and get wet and wiped down for less...A giant rip off!!!  I have gone "full circle", alright!!!  Never again will I go to that misleading, ELITE car wash or use Groupon...(Hey Groupon check the quality of what you sell...)
1	I've been here a few times because it's so close to my house but it's really not very good at all and has damaged my interior paint. They have several people who come up to you and try to pressure you replace your windshield if you have a chip, they guy who you purchase your wash from makes me uncomfortable and the washes aren't great. On my most recent visit, they used some type of cleaner on my interior door panel that actually took the paint off!! I didn't realize it until a few days later. Now one of my door panels is half stripped of paint and looks awful!
1	Went to this car wash yesterday only because it was right on my way home. I paid for their top car wash. They did not wipe down the back seat, they didn't clean the mats, they didn't wipe down the dash. While we were sitting in the waiting area, other people that were getting their cars detailed were notified by the employees when it was done. When ours was done, the kid stood outside the window and screamed until everyone turned to see what the commotion was, then he waved to us. We just assumed that meant our car was ready. When we got into the vehicle the keys were nowhere to be found. We asked the crew where they were and one joked "I've never lost a car yet" After searching for a bit we finally noticed they were on the hood of the truck. Why they were there I have no idea.The exterior of the truck has streaks all over it because they don't even hand wash it, you have to drive it through their carwash yourself, just like as if you went through a Chevron drive-thru car wash.I paid almost $30.00 for this service and it was worth maybe $5.00. I will never go to this car wash again.Where will I go? To Cobblestone Car Wash. Even though it is a drive from Queen Creek it is so worth it.  I will only go there from now on.
1	First time there today. Not impressed. Just needed a simple oil change. I was told that a car wash was included in the charge and that my car would be done in about 30 minutes. An hour later i started questioning the kids outside who are washing the cars. Turns out that my car had been done for over 30 minutes, nobody had ever came inside to give me my keys. Definitely not going back. Paid nearly 50 bucks and got terrible service.
1	So paid for their top tier car wash and hand wax today on my F250. None of the interior was vaccumed, the dash was not wiped down, none of the interior windows were cleaned. I read the reviews and got it washed here despite my better judgement. There is still dirt on the outside. How The hell Do You Hand Wax A Truck With Dirt Still On it? I do not do reviews often. However, for the price I paid and the wash I got says I will never go back to this carwash.
3	Went here this morning, a little before 9am. Not busy, and the car wash turned out great. Two things, just say no to upgrades, it's part of their job, but you don't have to take them. Second, the drive through car wash isn't the best, but the kids that finished the car wash, drying and vacuuming did a great job!! My car has black exterior which is hard to clean, and they went over it until there were no spots or streaks. Then they went back over the front to make sure all the bugs were cleaned off from a recent road trip. That was worth the $14.99! I wouldn't pay more than that--as the drive through car wash is about the same as a Gas Station car wash. But having someone finish the car and let you check it over is worth the money.
2	I had a gift card to this place and needed to use it. My experience was a good reminder on why I take the time to wash my own car. It was about a half hour before they closed, abd bo one was there.We pulled up to the cashier and asked for the "VIP" wash since we had a $20 gift card. We also had a $5 off coupon printed off from their website. The total wash was a little over $30. I hand him the gift card and he wasn't sure what to do with it so he had to get a manager.I then gave him our coupon. He was irritated because he had to cut the coupon. He tells me that he gets docked $5 for every uncut coupon he gives his manager. Really? Never heard of a business that deducts and employee's pay for an error on the customer's end. I could undestand if they were really busy, but we were the only car in line.  Sounds like he just tells people that to make them feel guilty. So after the coupon and gift card we owed them $5. He runs my debit card for the full $30 amount. I had to show him my receipt. He didn't notice I guess. He had to do a refund and we were finally ready for the car wash. It was an okay wash. The dirt was removed from the car. They didn't vaccuum out the backseat. And the workers in the detail area never acknowledged us until we left (assuming they wanted a tip).  They didn't confirm our order, didn't tell us where to go to wait. Very strange.
1	I don't usually go to the car wash as hubby always washes the car. But he was out of town and car was dirty. I went and asked for exterior wash not expecting a perfect job, just wanting the car not to look dirty. I went for the plain $5 wash, long story short the exterior was okay except for the hatch. The rear of the car looked like I didn't even go through the car wash. It looked the same way I brought it in. I didn't notice until I got home and called the manager. He told me to come back and go through the car wash again. This time I emphasized to the attendant to pay special attention to the rear. It was somewhat better the second time.  The groove with the license plate still was gross and dirty...so buyer beware! Who's got time for bad service a five minute car wash turned into a 45 minute headache.
5	I'm very shocked at the reviews. I got the platinum wash and my car is spotless! Will definitely be coming back!
1	I hope that management sees this and does something about it. Your sales people are ridiculous. I understand you have to add on to the sale but lying is a whole different ball game. I asked for the VIP and when I requested they put the natural finish on the dash instead of the glossy, which I have done 10 times before, I had to upgrade to the platinum package I was told. I asked "why do I need to pay more for something that has never cost me extra in the past?" To which there was no answer, just more attempts to upsell. I hope the extra 5 bucks was worth it because I just want to get my car cleaned, not be hassled and asked 6 times if I want the detail now, in the future or 2 years from now. Relax and give the people what they want.
1	You guys suck.   Your oil guy sold me the top-of-the-line thing without telling me there was another option and then that there was a $10 charge for a filter on top of it!   And when I went to check out the check I did clearly had no sense of customer service and just kind of shrugged her sellers and said sorry!!    So instead of going to the closest carwash to my house I'll be finding another one.  Unless of course you decide to respond to my review and do something about it!     Ken.    714.328.4475And PS.  Since I got ripped off I didn't bother tipping your wash guysi'm sure they don't appreciate
5	I paid for the most basic exterior wash ($4.99). I also got my tires filled up and a crack on my windshield repaired (both for free). From start to finish I was only there for ten minutes TOPS. Even though it was a sunday afternoon and they were quite busy (the line for the wash was all the way to the entrance).I was apprehensive about going to this car wash based on a lot of the prior reviews, but I would definitely recommend this place to a friend. VERY friendly employees, great customer service.
4	Also suprised by the reviews. Service guy was friendly and no upselling once I told him exactly what I wanted.My jeep was extremely dirty from a recent off road trip, went through the drive thru and the kid that dried the Jeep did a fantastic job. I only paid 9.99.
2	Great place when great service is done, however they have been closing early on weekends for whatever reason and they have no excuse to do so! I work for a place that has the employee network discount and that's another reason why my husband and I go there so much! The other day my sister in law and I went there and there were cones in the way so no one goes through! This has happened multiple times and I hope this never happens again!
