4	Wow, this particular location is situated on a busy street and yet nobody has done a review? Ok so here's mine. When it comes to fast food taco joints the two names that come to mind are Taco Bell and Del Taco. Im telling you right now, I am never gonna do a review for Taco Bell unless I am blown away by some memorable event foodwise. Del Taco has better choices, specials, and heck, you can even order a burger off their menu if you're bored with tacos or just wanna change it up a bit. That's pretty bold I think and I do admit that their bacon double del cheeseburger is pretty good. A lot of people tend to go here on tuesday nights for dinner. Why? Because tuesdays are taco nights! This is what a lot of college going students live for! A lot of good food for not a lot of money! Most places have 2 tacos for 99 cents or 3 for 1.29! You can choose either hard or soft tacos. I think the most tacos I ever ordered were 40! I had a grip of people up in my house and I only paid around 20 bucks for a boat load of tacos! Hell yeah!Just about everything on their menu is the bomb! I have yet to begun to scratch the surface! Also I dont ever remember getting any bad service from these guys whether its this location or another. Most locations are 24 hours so for you peeps that get the munchies at 2 in the morning for some reason or another (you know who you are!), then you are definitely covered!So for more info on their menu, go to: www.deltaco.com
3	I frequent this Del Taco location as it is near my office but I have grown weery of them.  Increasingly I am getting the wrong order.  I use a coupon for buy 1 get 1 Double Del Cheese Burger, get charged for such, yet receive two single burgers.  I ask for no tomato on the burgers but I get tomato anyhow.  Today I ordered a four piece mac-n-cheese bites but received cheese cake bites instead.  I would not be so frustrated by this if ordering just for myself.  But I order for co-workers as well.  When their order comes out wrong I feel bad.  Perhaps if the staff behind the counter stopped chatting amongst themselves they would get the orders out quicker and more accurate.
4	I am going to give Del a bump up to 4 stars today.  Service was strong and fast.  More importantly it was accurate.  Del Taco has updated their menu adding many new items like the Jacked-up BRC Burrito, the Spicy Crunch Burrito and the Chili Cheese Fries Burrito.  Way to go Del Taco.  You have some awesome new food and I am now encouraged to come back and try it all.
4	I love Del Taco for fast food when I have the right craving. I usually come to this location if I have a class to teach. I highly recommend the Tacos Carbon (chicken) mm tasty. This location is not the easiest to get in and out of. I recommend getting out at Shadow Ln and waiting for the light as opposed to trying your luck with traffic.
3	Del Taco puts Taco Bell to shame. The flavors are fresh and it doesn't sit heavily in your belly. Their Taco al Carbon has less sodium and fat than the the fresco option at TB and is higher in protein!Tuesdays bring forth a 3 regular taco for $1.00 offer while Thursdays bring 3 soft chicken tacos for $2.05. The staff is friendly, and the food is hot. I didn't feel like my food was prepared in advance and sat under a heat lamp; but rather made to order - which is how it should be.
4	Despite being located in a busy area, this location never gets too packed. I like that they're 24 hrs so I can stop by any time I'm hungry. I usually just get their crunchy tacos, chicken soft tacos, or burritos because everything else is kind of mehh, especially breakfast! Their breakfast is no bueno. Their food is already dirt cheap, but come on Tuesday nights for crunchy taco night or Thursday nights for chicken soft taco night for a real steal.
4	Total stoner food. For the record I was NOT stoned only drunk. I am from Houston and we only have one Del Taco and it isn't close to me, nor do I eat fast food often. When IN VEGAS...drunk + tacos = great idea. I can only vouch for their crispy beef tacos, they were pretty good and WAY better than that other Taco with the BELL place. $6 got us 6 tacos. Great deal, bad for your arteries. For those health nuts they do offer ground turkey. Fast service, fast food and no stomachache in the morning. What more could you ask for?
3	I'm not a huge fan of fast food, but the macho nachos here are trouble! Recently had a bad day and stopped in, devoured them on my own- no shame, eating the pain away.They're good though- portion is HUGE and the dish is heavy. Initially they look to be swimming in sour cream, but the pickled jalapenos balance that out pretty good. Amount of beans and cheese is fairly low, so these aren't really a "heavy" dish that will feel like a brick in your belly afterward. This place also has pretty good fish tacos, served classic-style with corn tortillas with a nice sauce. Tasty, would order again- pair of tacos comes in a $3 order, upgrade to shrimp and the pair goes up to $5.Service, even in the dead of night, is friendly. Have yet to dine in. As others have said, given they have the same price point, this chain is head and shoulders above Taco Bell's menu offerings and quality.
5	Love tha Spicy Chicken Burrito with extra green sauce & tha Spicy Jack Chicken Quesidilla!!!!!
1	Yo so this place kind of sucks because I asked twice for bean  burritos cause I realize the screen read wrong. It read breakfast burritos... So I pulled to the window and i asked  "those are bean burritos correct?" Lady at the window said yes.. I drive away and take a bite into a fucking breakfast burrito. I don't feel like it's worth my time to go back and fix this.. I'm just not going to go back.
1	Terrible customer service. I asked for extra sauce on my burrito and got none. I also ordered cheese fries. When I told her I wanted more cheese she took it and basically made cheese soup of my fries. I'll never be back !
