1	SHAAAAAAAADYYYYYYY!!! The best way to describe this place! They are also a towing company that is contracted with condominium complex I live in. My boyfriend was parked in my garage, moved his car right outside my garage so we can move things around in and out of the garage into my place, 25 minutes later, car is gone, good bye, so long, adios. To top it all off, two doors down, there's a van that was parked in front of their garage for HOURS and nothing, not even a warning sticker was placed on their car. Lights were on in the house, we were making noise moving up and down the stairs and they couldn't even bother to knock on the door? Oh ya, there's no warning that the car would be towed if it was parked there too!Not the first time this company has targeted my boyfriend's car. I mean, he doesn't drive the nicest car in the complex and his car is registered out of state, so his car is a target and they will try to find whatever reason to tow his car! He was legally parked in an uncovered parking spot in the complex and got a warning ticket, and there was NO REASON written other than your car will be towed. He called the company and the person had no clue what was going on and just said, "well I have to ask the guy in the field when he gets back." Next day, my boyfriend gets another warning, again NO REASON!!! I call this time stating I owned the property and if they warned his car for no reason again, I will file a complaint with the property manager. My boyfriend is scared to get his car towed so now I let him park it in my garage, and the minute he parks it outside for not even 30 minutes, it gets towed!!! He's already called the place and left 3 messages, no return phone calls. I checked reviews on this place on other websites and people have all said this place is shady, shady, shady and a complete money making scheme. I will write another review later once I get to the bottom of this hot mess!
1	Yup, they sure are a money making scheme! My boyfriend along with my brother went to pay to get his car taken out. The minute they arrived to this towing place its in this giant lot with a trailer trash trailer parked in the the side. Everything was fenced off and of course no one was there. There were several people waiting outside to pick up their car and my boyfriend had to call the place three different times until finally a person comes out of the trailer to unlock the gate! WTF! My boyfriend went to go in and pay and the cost to get the car out was $300!!!! My brother tells the guy, hey dude, cut us some slack, we're war veterans (true story), can we get a discount? The guy goes, "I'll tell you what, pay $250, but i'll only do it with cash." WTH!!!!!! Shady, shady, shady place!!! My boyfriend just ended up paying the $250 cash, and the poor couple before them paid the $300 with card, this place is just a money making scheme I tell you! Avoid them at all costs!!
1	It appears from reading the other reviews here that this place hasn't changed for the better.  These people are CROOKS, and any condo complex/HOA who hires them needs to have their heads examined.  We have been going to an annual holiday dinner at a family member's home, in a gated condo complex, for YEARS, always parking in the same spot immediately in front of the home.  This year, when two visiting couples (myself and my husband were one of them) came out of the house to drive home--no cars! We called the police to see if they were stolen, as there were no "no parking" signs, no red curbs, no warnings, nothing.  The police told us they had been towed (only 10 minutes before we came out!) by this "business" (and I use that term loosely).  When we called THEIR number, we reached a voice mail.  Eventually they phoned us back, only after the police had informed them that we had personal property in the cars, including prescription medications that were urgently needed.  They reluctantly agreed to let us go get the cars at the impound lot (although it was "highly against policy")---provided we paid $300 cash for EACH car.  The impound lot was only two miles from the home we were at.  This was no more than a money-making scheme and highway robbery!!!
1	Completely shady.  Towed our U-haul as we were moving in to our new Apartment Complex.  Completely unethical and total crooks.  AVOID AT ALL COSTS!
1	The people who run this company are thieves.  I live in a town home community (renters and owners) and we are issued parking passes.  My truck has been parked in the same area of this tiny complex for months with a parking pass hanging from the rear view mirror.  Last night it was towed by these bottom feeders because my wife had hung another parking pass for her work in front of our complex pass, partially obscuring it.  When I saw the picture the girl at the office took of the parking passes, you could clearly see there was a parking pass behind the other one.  They towed our vehicle because it was not clearly visible, even though they damned well knew that was a valid parking pass behind the other one.  I am so angry with this company I am going to do all I can to get the HOA to drop their contract.
