1	Poor quality food of inconsistent flavors - rice was bland while chicken and brocolli was overly garlicy.
5	I've been going here for years, this and the other location of Best Wok are the best chinese in town. Absolutely nothing is bad, sesame chicken, pepper steak, cashew chicken, lo mein, all is fantastic!  The crispiest chicken wings, i really dont know how they do it.
4	I love Best Wok II.  I think about the Triple Delight often.  Get the dinner special, which includes 2 crab rangoon and fried rice.  My husband likes the sesame beef.  It's so good!
4	The could serve nothing but their chicken wings and stay in business!  The food is good and you get a alot!  If it was just the entree's i would give 3 stars.  If it was the wings only, it's 5!!!
3	Not bad. We had a good experience here. The Garlic Chicken, General Tso's, and the chicken wings were all very good.
4	Visited Best Wok II for the first time this week for some take out lunch. I was impressed with how clean this place was. They have plenty of clean tables and chairs to sit at if you wantes to dine in. The women taking orders at the frony was very friendly. When I got home with the oder, the food was hot amd fresh, it had lots of flavor...some of the best I've had! I ordered for my grandmother too and she really enjoyed it; she only wished for some more wantons in her wanton soup. It was good and I recommend a stopping in and trying some for yourself!
3	Per the menu, ask for "no MSG" before ordering.Food isn't anything great but isn't terrible either. Be careful when sitting in or getting out of the booths as they're not secured to the floor. The employees are very nice and bring your food to your table for you. The fountain drinks are limited in selection (Pepsi products) but they do sell other options in bottles.
1	This place is nasty. I got the chicken and broccoli, it had way to much sauce on it and let me tell ya there was a bone in my chicken. I aslo got the teriyaki chicken on a stick and it was gross really salty it was deep fried with some nasty seasoning on it. If I could I would give this place no stars I would. Never eating here again.
4	a hidden gem.  This place has some of the best chinese food in the area ... have to drive to Great Wall in Pineville to get better.  Don't knwo what others are complaining about ... have NOT had a bad experience here in years of frequenting it. Recommended.
4	It's really good Chinese food with really fast delivery. One of the few places that if you say that you don't want veggies with your entre, they will just give you more of the chicken/beef/pork. The fried rice is hit and miss. When it's good it's really good, and when it misses, it's still alright, just a little bit like food court fried rice.If you want chinese food delivered, buddy up with someone and call in an order. It has to be over $25 before they will send it out, but it's the best quality delivery in the area.
