4	I've been here a few times and its always very good. Very local, regular hang out type place. Specials are pretty much meat in all forms including very good roast beef sandwiches. Lots of beer on tap, usually very full of people, very social place to go for the locals it seems. I'd suggest going if you want to try an obvious landmark of local Montreal cuisine.
3	This place is a Montreal institution. I think every sports celebrities in town have been here!It has a few different restaurants part of their complex.Since the place was not in my neighborhood before, it took me 4 decades (and a recent move in the area) to finally have a meal there!Sunday afternoon is not the busiest time here so only the terrace was open. A very nice, large terrace with a few on Canal Lachine.The big thing here is steaks so I had the Sirloin. It was cooked as I ordered and it was quite good. Service was friendly and quick.
4	Look. If you like roast beast in an informal, yet pricey atmosphere, than Magnon's brasserie is the place for you. If not, go elsewhere, I suppose. I love it, the meat is dead-to-rights awesome.
3	Magnan is considered a Montreal institution and has been around for over 75 years - I originally went there to watch a hockey game on one of their many TVs, and have friends who make it a point to catch the first game of every season there - This was the 2nd time I have gone to Magnan even though I live fairly close to it and was disapointed in my meal - I ordered the 6oz roast beef with fries - the roast beef, was cooked to perfection and very tasty, but my side of fries were cold and the vegetables on my plate, although quite colorfoul, were a little bland - I would definitely go back, but would order something different.
3	Since at the moment I'm the Duke of this place I figured I should review it. To tell the truth the main reason I seem to eat at Magnan's so often is because I can walk there in less then 5 min from my place and I'm kind of lazy.Magnan's is what I would call an updated tavern. Magnan's has been around for 75 year and used to be a men only establishment (not a strip club). My father brought me here years ago to have dinner and watch a hockey game. Back then Magnan's was decorated the way you would expect an old school tavern would be, lots of dark wood, sports memorabilia and big TV's. Five or six years ago the owners started updating the decor and adding new dishes to the menu to attract the new urban professionals who were moving into the neighborhood. in the summer Magnan's has by far the nicest patio / terasse in the area, with both a covered and open aired section.The service here is always quick and efficient, you wont find young inexperienced wait staff. everyone who works here are professional waiters and waitresses with years of experience under their belt. I've always received fast service even on the busiest hockey night. This being said the wait staff aren't always the sunniest of people. I suggest you know what you want when you call your waiter over for your order.The food is good, nothing special even if they seem to be known for their roast beef. I usually have the hamburger but I've had the roast beef in the past and I can say the roast is good but the vegetables remind me of the boiled veggies my high school served on Tuesday. I guess this is a throw back to it's working class tavern day but for the price they charge I'd like to see a more varied choice of sides. Magnan's is also renowned for their lobster and oyster festivals held late in the summer and during the fall.If you find yourself in Pointe-Saint-Charles and want to have a good meal in an old school tavern with more ambiance then you can shake a stick at on hockey nights Magnan's is a good choice, just keep in mind it's a tavern that charges premium prices.
4	Excellent roast beef! Other than that there isn't a whole lot to say about it. Everything else they put on the plate is quite bland. But we don't go there for potatoes and vegetables, we go there for roast beast.As for watching sports... That's overrated. Oh by the way, in case you didn't know, they will sell you an entire roast beef to go. Instructions and all. I've done this a couple times, and it was just as good at home, except the vegetables and potatoes were much better ;)
3	It was a surprise party for my friend's birthday that led me here to the "Meat Place" (even though I don't do large hunks of beef per se). I'll have to admit though, this didn't stop me as I have always been super curious about it, as "legend" had it, that back in the day, women were frowned upon at tavernes. I got back history also about how they started up with selling the most awesome roast beef sandwiches and guys used to stop off there for lunch or beer after work. I ordered a chicken caesar, which was quite good, and a side of yam fries that were excellent!) My friend beside me had the beef tartare, which she got me to try a nibble of, (it wasn't terrible).  Everyone around me seemed to have the prime rib, and rare, medium and well done, every seemed happy. PS they had warm dinner rolls - I am always pleased by this!They had the game on, ambience was casual and the place was big inside too! It definitely seemed like you could have a great time there watching hockey, beer and meat eating. I am almost positive that if I really enjoyed meat, I would have loved it as much as my friends did, and given it another star.
4	The place is mainly for old folks who want to enjoy football game on TV. Not my kind of place of course but its lively. What mattered most though was the food.Roast Beef supreme ! I went for 6 oz one and god that was the best roast beef i had so far and yes for a foodie of my caliber that was pretty small. The rest were all average. When it comes to optional side dishes, please go for fried mushrooms, the others seemed pretty bland. And mashed potatoes of course, the baked one was hard and cold. Service was average.
4	One of the best roast beef's I've had, definitely worth paying a visit.This is a restaurant that my father, and my uncle had been about....20-30 years ago. Wow, that is quite some time. Well about a year ago I moved into the Verdun area and every time someone would visit me they'd say "Hey, you live near Magnan's, its a great place." Finally one cool October evening I stumbled in the with my sister, and guess who...my father. Unfortunately the restaurant was closed, but we managed to find out way into the tavern. As this is a steak and roast beef place we all ordered some beef! I had the roast beef with Oka cheese, it was an interesting combination that actually worked. Surprised I really enjoyed, except I think there was a little bit too much cheese. This is a great place for a good roast beef, and any other beef products. They also have a store, which I would like to visit in the near future.
4	Loved the fact that I could walk from my boyfriends house to eat. The Roast Beef was delicious cooked to perfection. It was a little too loud on the patio to have a conversation and not hear everyone elses. I did notice the lobster that I will come back to try for sure. They apparently need more wait staff they seemed a little slow to help us on a very busy Thursday night. But I will be back on my next trip to Montreal.
4	I'd always heard good things about Magnan's but had never actually tried it. Last night I did. And it was good. We sat on the terrace, which is really nice and large. It is surrounded by planters filled with flowers so it doesn't feel like you're sitting in the parking lot.   There's a covered section and a non covered section.The food itself was very good. Nothing super unusual, just tried and true roast beef and simple sides. Baked potatoes like you'd make at home (at least I do) and melt in your mouth roast beef that I wouldn't (couldn't?) make at home.   The menu is quite extensive (though definitely meat centric).  I'd like to try the hamburger steak on a future visit, a favorite of mine.The service was friendly and well paced. My only complaint was that there were a few mixups with dishes given to the wrong diner at the table. Minor issueaside, a very pleasant meal.
4	This place has some of the best roast beef sandwiches on the area. When I lived here I used to come here all the time for some comfort food and good times. Would definitely recommend it.
3	Went at Magnan to watch a Montreal Canadiens playoff game... The place was packed and the ambiance was fun (TV and screens all over the place, including the outside patio).I went for the home speciality - roast beef... I mean, it was good, but I wouldn't drive 30 minutes just to eat that.  There are better roast beef in town.
4	Finally got to check the place out today. It was a nice evening out after a spa date, so I came in the place with a good mood. And I was happy as they did keep the good mood going through out. I have had their roast beef and shrimp tempura and they are amazing. I will tell folks that skip their baked potato and opt for fries or mashed potatoes instead. The beef is undeniably juicy, and cooked to perfection to your liking. They have a great wine and cocktail selection too. The environment itself is pretty manly as a taverne can get, so dont expect to hold bachelerottes or fun bridal showers. Theres huge tv screens out so its great tobe out here with a pitcher with friends to watch a game and chat over. The staff is super firendly and great. We always have this lady whenever we go there by luck, and are always served by her. She is extremely polite and you can tell that she has a lot of experience and are in good hands right away. Overall this is really a must visit place for all meat lovers and for people to hang out at a local place instead of the chain sportbars in downtown. Location wise its superfast to get here as its minutes away from the highway and right off the exit. Theres also the charlevoix metro away within 2 minutes of walking distance.
3	I was expecting a little more from the place, like maybe a tablecloth and cloth serviettes, but maybe that was because we say in the terrace, instead I had one paper one that didn't last the meal and the server didn't come around often enough to replace it. The roast beef was pretty good! It came in a lake of broth that was delicious. I have had better roast beef, and for cheaper. The cut I got was a 9oz and it cost $25 and came with about five choices of potato (mashed, baked, fry, sweet potato fry and something else) and a silly assortment of vegetables which were really an afterthought.The service was apathetic like most restos in Montreal, and we saw the server three times during the meal, to take the order, to hastily drop the plates off, and when i had to flag her over to get the bill. We got someone else's bill which was half the price and couldn't find anyone who gave a shit so we left with a few extra dollars in our pocket than we expected to.
4	It was our first time here and we really liked it. My husband ordered roast beef and I went for steak. Both of them were really good . The place seemed a little bit old but nice. Just I think Fodor's review in 2014 book doesn't really belong to 2014. It was said in the book that we can try tortiere there but when we asked for it they said that only in winter time they sell it in store and not in restaurant.
3	The terrasse is great.A must for meat lovers. Don't try anything other than steaks, burgers and prime rib because it seems like the other options are only there to complement the menu.Just a stone's throw away from the Atwater market and the canal, Magnan is a nice place for a good old fashioned steak, fries and alcohol. The service is courteous and efficient for a tavern.
4	SOOOOOOOOOOOO great. I honestly didn't touch anything else that was on my plate but the roast beef. So tender, melts in your mouth. Really tasty. What a shame that it's closing.
