4	The Green Panther is mostly a falafel/related sandwich place, but they do it haute hippie style, with just the right combinations  -- cruchy, creamy, spicy, pickled perfection. Falafel is outstanding, but I also love the tempeh sandwich. Side salads also like i would make for myself, but even better.  All ingredients are organic, mainly local. It's like going for lunch at your vegetarian friend's house, only she happens to be an amazing cook.
4	When I went to there I had a 5 ball falafel pita and a balooberry smoothie. The falafel were awesome but the additional contents of the sandwich took away from the taste. The smoothie was good. The prices are reasonable for organic food which is usually twice as expensive. The people were friendly. The place doesn't have high chairs for children.
5	The best falafel in town! That's there motto and there sooo right! To be vegan or not vegan is not important. You'll find there salads excellent and the service fast and attentive.  For 11$ you'll have the perfect meal : tasty and healthy.Try it, you'll come back again, I garantee you!
3	The food is delicious and healthy. The servers are jerks-I had some bad experiences here.
5	Lovely, fantastically delicious low-key vegan spot in Mile End. Falafel - Salad- Santa Cruz Drink Combo will leave you sated but looking forward to your return. Everything I've had here has been great. Organic. Rating Scale:1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  2 Star: With so many great places to choose from, why risk this one?3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.4 Star: I go here regularly if financially and/or calorically feasible.5 Star: I look forward to taking my wife or friends here.
4	pros: Great place! Good organic food!   Enthusiastic stuff!cons:  High turnover rate, often new stuff is clueless and service could vary from good to bad
4	Great place, Great food, but getting too small at lunch time.
4	$5 falafel that is fulling and delicious and stuffed with great things like marinated veggies and sprouts and tender but crispy falafel balls? Yes please. The half-pita sandwich was just the right size for lunch for me, but if you are someone with a heartier appetite, I'd recommend the full pita. The location is nice, if a bit cramped, but I'll be sure to be back to grab pitas to go as the summer picnic season gets into gear.
3	Lacking sophistication/complexity.I am all for this type of food but we ordered the dish of the day which was a chickpea stew and it basically was chickpeas, squash, and basmati rice. There was no flavor really to it and it was essentially bland. Com'on let's admit it.. vegetarian food is bland as it is.. why not give it some life! Maybe it was just a bad day and hopefully the other dishes are more rich.I also tried their falafel wrap and was pleased with the pickles and the sauce they use. It definitely had more personality than the other dish I tried.Their carrot cake was pretty tasty however it wasn't as moist as I would have liked. They should find a better way to store them or make them more fresh as it tasted old.3 stars for offering a healthy alternative that is desperately needed in Montreal-1 star for dry dessert-1 star for bland tasting dish of the dayGood luck guys! I am spoiled in California and so my bar is pretty high.. keep up the good work ;)
4	High ceilings and indoor plants always a plus. Patio and open windows, even better, especially if you hate air con like I do! Organic and vegan, with a limited selection of falafel variations, roasted vegetables and fresh juices. But extremely affordable...I've been here enough times to have tried everything at least twice (except the soups) and I keep coming back for the great value for money.
4	Location: Tucked away REAL good in the Mile End. Unlike my other reviews, I really can't tell you what the best transit route is to get here (probably Mont-Royal metro) but I CAN tell you that there's street parking. I think that unless you work in the area, you may not even know these guys exist. We were visiting ateliers in the area and found these guys by accident. The place: The space is nice and still feels new. The lighting's a little too dim for me but if you're going for romance then you're all set. The decor offers up a lot of wood, which I like, and one wall is basically a huge window, which I also like. You order at the cash, then make your way to the end and wait for your order where they'll call you by name. The food: I was under the weather so I only ordered half a veggie burger. I can tell you that it was delicious and if I'd had a larger appetite, I would have been more than happy to eat an entire burger. Super flavorful and fresh. I also grabbed a Kombucha because it's supposed to be good for you... I like the stuff but I'm not crazy about it so don't go out of my way to have it. Needless to say that Kombucha + a sore throat = no good. Service: Very good. The clerk who took our orders was very friendly.Price point: The half veggie burger and Kombucha ran me $10 so a bit steep given what I had.
