4	my favorite one to shop at. clean, well lit, friendly staff. GREAT SELECTION!
4	A large selection, very nice staff! Of course you will have your normal problems during the holidays, what do you expect! Shop here all the time, when you have a problem. They will do their best to help.
4	I love Kohls in gereral and this store in particular is great. I generally don't need assistance in Kohls but there are always plenty of staff around. I did need to return a ring that broke a day after I bought it on one occasion and I found the return rep super friendly as are all the check out clerks. The store is always clean, even the restrooms and the fitting rooms are always neat and tidy. Only during the Christmas season do I wait in long lines & even then all the check out lanes are manned and they are working as fast as they can. I have never had a bad experience here.
3	I LOVE Kohls in general and this store is pretty ok. I guess the word I can use to best describe it is untidy. There are aspects about this store that could use some work but overall, I like the quality of the clothes, and you can't beat the price. The staff is always friendly and nice. I've even been here at Black Friday and the staff never seems frazzled or stressed. And they have a good mix of people working there which is nice. It's not the same old cookie cutter type of retail employee. They really run the gamut.So here are the things that need help that cause me to give this store just 3 stars:I have found that at this particular location though, you cannot at all trust the sizing on the hangers and you really do need to check the garment itself to confirm the size you are purchasing. I can't tell you how many times I thought I was getting one size and it was something else entirely. Additionally, it is not easy to navigate this store with a baby stroller. There are so many racks of clothes and shelves that it's just a real struggle to shop with the stroller. And most of the time, the shelves clearly need help and haven't been touched. Whenever I see the employees in the different sections of the store, they are putting out more stuff instead of neatening up what's out there. I do do the surveys that they give me on the receipts but the store never changes. I will keep coming back to Kohl's though. I do love the store from mens, to kids, to the housewares, to the ladies styles... you just can't beat it. I just hope they tighten up some of their frayed edges.
5	Five stars just for the helpfulness of the staff.  I am not a pro shopper so when I need help it is nice to get it.  Kohl's does not have the feel of Sears or JC Penney's where you get the feeling like there are more security guards than customer service folks.  Bottom line, Kohl's actually helps.  Customer service on the one time I had to return some slacks was easy and helpful.  The amount of effort I have to put into doing business with Kohl's is low.  I like it!!!Fair amount of easy parking at this location.  Good selection.  And right across the street is a Paradise Bakery and Cafe for some soup and sandwich when done shopping!
4	This is one of my favorite spot to grab some clothes for the gym or work. I like the sales they have and it's usually pretty quiet so shopping is a breeze. Sometimes you can find good deals on the kitchen appliances as well, like the blenders for my protein shakes. The only thing I don't like about kohl's is getting hassled for a credit card every time I go here.
2	I LOVE Kohl's... Just not this one! It is always a mess and the staff is not very friendly. Another reviewer hit the nail on the head when she mentioned how "untidy" it is and how it's so full that you can't get a stroller through... I have a problem just getting one of their tiny carts through!If it weren't for the value and quality of Kohl's clothing (their home accessories and electronics are very overpriced... Shop around before purchasing those items here), I would rate it a one. I go out of my way to shop at a different Kohl's now!
4	This is a very good Kohl's.  Customer service is quick to respond and are very attentive to the customer's needs.  The clothing racks, including the sale racks, tend to be very organized and coordinated.  I have found some really great deals and intriguing items at this location that I have not seen at other Kohl's locations - I'm not sure if that's just coincidence, good luck, or what... but it happens here.  Magic happens here.
4	This is my preferred place for mens' clothes. They have a better variety & more reasonable prices than any of the department stores nearby. I also need to add that I came to this location when it first opened and it was a bit of a cluster. I was very happy to see that they've cleaned it up, put everything in it's placed and have organized. Makes it easier to maneuver :)
5	Every time my sister and I come here we get exceptional service! The manager is awesome, the staff is so helpful, if they don't know the answer to something they will go above and beyond to make sure they find it for you!! We went to another Kohl's and it just reassured us to always come back to this one!!!
