1	I hired a contractor through home advisor and when the contractor stole copper wire i though i was protected by home advisor but they did very little and never contacted me again. The contractor was AG spa service , aka Copper thief!!!
1	Watch out for Home Advisor. Be very, very careful!!! Formerly known as Service Magic (they even changed their name to escape their reputation). I hired someone off of their site to do some landscaping- "Trinos Landscaping", and Trinos (aka Trinidad) broke my sliding patio glass door when I was out of town. While Trinos fessed up in a voicemail, he disappeared. When I contacted Home Advisor, they gave me the runaround, tried to say I actually told Trinos my neighbors had broken the door and made it seem like I was trying to pin this on them. They sided with him. When I managed to record and send them a copy of Trinos' voicemail they began to say Trinos had 'disappeared'. Home Advisor knows they are hiring scam artists and don't care: I had a similar problem when they were known as Service Magic. They even removed the negative review I posted of Trinos to hide the problem. Had I known it was the same company at first I would have never ever hired someone off of their site. Be VERY careful of Trinos (who pretends to be a preacher man of God to win you over) and Trinos Landscaping, and even more careful of Home Advisor and their den of thieves!
1	If you use this company, make sure the people they refer are LICENSED & INSURED before you let them do any work. Also check them out on the Better Business Bureau website. The LAST TIME I used them (or ever will use them) for a referral, the contractor was unlicensed & uninsured. He was also an older gentleman. We didn't find out until after he finished the work. Had he injured himself, he could have sued me/my homeowners insurance for untold amounts of money!Protect yourself! Don't use them!
1	From a vendor's perspective: (and we are a licensed, bonded, and insured company) This is a horrible sham of a company. If you are looking to grow your business, this is NOT the way to do it. They do not give you contact information for the leads. You have to call their automated system to be connected with the customer. Almost ALL the time the system either doesn't work, or the customer isn't serious about having the work done (just looking for a free estimate over the phone, etc.). And guess what? You get charged for ALL these leads, regardless. I was with them when they were Service Magic years ago and decided to discontinue service when the leads weren't panning out. They called me recently to give them another try, and I regrettably agreed. I received 10-15 leads from them and NOT ONE turned into an actual job. I cancelled their service and was surprised when they auto billed my card for renewal!! I called to complain, but they would not issue a refund!!!This company is a COMPLETE WASTE of YOUR VALUABLE TIME and MONEY!!
1	Do not bother with this company! After spending 15 minutes with a woman trying to up sell me on getting christmas lights installed or wanting to talk to me about other projects I might like to have worked on, I was given the information of a contractor that could take a look at a leaky skylight. FINALLY, she transferred me to the contractor to schedule an appointment only to be told they don't work on skylights. Waste of time.
