4	All local indie designers all the time! Including sexy stuff for dudes! The General is owned by the same supafly ladies who own Local 23 up the street - http://www.yelp.ca/biz/local-23-montreal-3 The General features fresh indie designs including homewares and art prints. If you are an artist or designer you can bring your work in, have a friendly chat with about your work and price point, and if accepted start to sell on consignment right away. One of the owners is the designer behind Glasgow designs, she has a great eye and is very sympathetic to what makers are going through. They also have amazing summer sales, and really fun vernissage events which they promote through their blog.
4	Discovered this place last night when they hosted the Yelp christmas party. Cute little boutique packed with great selection of chic casual women's wear, all of which are works of independent (and I think) Canadian designers. My friend and I went from one rack to the other with plenty of 'ooohs!' and 'aaaahs!' and wished we could buy them all. Price is a little steep (for my budget), but given that their pieces are not mass produced, it is quite reasonable. Treated myself to a super cute skirt that was simply irresistible. A great place to find a special present for the dear ones or yourself!
3	I regret I cannot put a better review than that, but it's mostly because of 2 things: 1: I'm not their key market and 2: I feel it's quite pricy. Yes it is on St-Viateur. Yes it is some hand made local products. Yes it is fairtrade and therefore, you need to pay a bit more for that. General 54 sell,some Clothe, some hand made soap, some hand made miror and stuff like that. It's all about the local community. My issue it mainly that I didn't find it particularly attracting for Men. Am I exagerating a little? Maybe? I'm fairly confident that the people shopping there are mostly Woman. That my main issue with the place. I went there for a Yelp Event, it was a nice place to chat and relax with friend, I wouldn't consider going back, but I'm happy went there once.
5	The beautiful new space is right around the corner and totally lovely! A brand new day for the General and I can't wait to see what happens next!!
