5	I've been a satisfied customer of Bay's Complete Auto Repair Service for close to 2 years.  We have always been very pleased with the service we received there whether it's been an oil change, tune up, replacing struts, changing a timing belt, and routine maintenance. The personnel are courteous and knowledgeable. Mike, the Manager, and Troy, the owner, always do their best to provide their customers with the A-1 service they expect.   - Stan S
5	great shop, great people and very fair. Friendly and clean atmosphere will make me come back again, must tell your friends and stop on by, you will be very impressed with the waiting area and prices!
5	I had a great experience at this auto shop.  I've taken my Jeep Cherokee to the dealer 3x and fletchers 1x because my Jeep made a loud sound when going over bumps in the road.  Both places couldn't accurately diagnose the situation.  Im happy to report that this place took the time to drive it around and was able to find out what was wrong with it!The owner Troy actually brought me out to my car and showed me exactly what the problem was.  I'll be returning for future oil changes and maintenance.Great customer service and super nice guys.
5	Came in for an oil change and tire rotation...dependable, quick and very honest and affordable garage
1	Did not have a good experience here. Took my Mercedes in for repair and was offered a more "affordable" alternative with aftermarket parts. I informed them that I had a preference for OEM parts but they do not warranty those. That started the series of misunderstandings. So, apart from the continuous waiting and the follow-ups - I was not given service priority and their techs had installed a defective or bad master brake cylinder part. This subsequently caused my brakes to, without warning and notice, to start slowing down and mysteriously slow down and flash an indicator light in the middle of the freeway which was pretty scary.  I don't know why these guys don't test their parts before handing them back over to the customer. I asked to have them look at it again, flyer a few scary rides to/from my house. They finally did fix the issue but it could have been avoided by doing testing on their parts in my vehicle and communication. They told me that it was a bad part and that they may discontinue using that supplier- but still I did not receive any discount off the service price or refund for the part. Just a free install with another part from the same aftermarket supplier, because presumably it was cheaper for them. It should have been offered for free as part of the service guarantee that they theoretically should provide. Needless to say, I have given these guys several chances to win me over by following up on next service due but they haven't as much as picked up the phone to follow-up. Never coming here again for my Mercedes service repairs, that is for sure! Do not take your vehicle here- these guys use cheap aftermarket suppliers!
4	The were great, did an extensive diagnostic. Fixed what was wrong and gave me a list of things that should be addressed in the future. It was an overall good experience.
1	I will never go to this place again I paid over $700 for a incorrect part to be replaced. I was told my car was on its last leg and needed a new motor. I took my car somewhere else and I passed emissions got my tags and my car runs great now so If anyone reads this don't go there I was totally ripped off!!! Feeling fustrated!!!I don't understand why you pretend you don't know who I am oh now you don't remember me with 2005 nissan altima! I trusted you guys to be honest with me your wrong and I am in your data base you need to look deeper quit trying to look innocent your wrong buddy!!!!! You stole!!! You lied!!!
2	Went to Bay's for an oil change as they were pretty close, and the cheapest around. It didn't take long for my oil to be changed which was nice, and they just called me when it was done. However, when they called me to inform me that my vehicle was completed, the tech began rattling things off that needed "immediate attention" on my car. When I arrived to the shop I was given about 20 things that supposedly needed "immediate attention" which are included in a 90,000 mile vehicle tune-up (my car is at 78,000). When I assured them that I just wanted to pay for my oil change they continued to try and upsell me on what service I needed for my car. I'm well aware that repair shops are notorious for this and as a female I'm more susceptible to it. I continued to inform the tech that I would have my car taken care of but wouldn't be back. Now nearly 80 days later I'm receiving a call from them telling me it's recommended I come in for another oil change as my phone number area code indicates I may do a lot of driving and oil changes are recommended every 90 days. Great place to go if you don't mind them harassing you to bring your car in. Probably would have made them my normal shop if they didn't continue to push their services on me.
5	don't know where these bad reviews are coming from, have been going to bays since troy took over. have never had a bad experience or been ripped off or have they tried to up sell repairs like some of these reviews are saying. this is one of the most honest auto repair shops I have been to and will continue to go there. its strange  that all the reviews are, I have left a review here before but it is nowhere to be found interesting
5	Finally I found a shop that can trust. These guys are AWESOME! I've been taking my car to a number of different shops over the years and I have to say since coming to Bays Complete Auto Repair I don't go anywhere else.They always give my car a full inspection every time I come in, even for an oil change. There's never any extra hidden charges or fees. They never tell me I need things I don't, and if there is something they take the time to explain it to me.Fast, friendly, and most importantly HONEST! I also believe they are very reasonably priced. I won't go anywhere else.I started going there for oil changes, now I go there for anything my car needs.
5	Troy is awesome, really nice guy and makes everything simple. Even with a terrible car he was honest about everything. And it was timely! Go Bay's Auto!
5	Had a flat tire and I was next store at Greektown restaurant.  I walked over and asked if they could help me.  It was top notch service all the way.  This guy named Justin who is a Marine reservist came over, took my tire off, carried it back to his shop, patched it, brought it back and put it back on my car.  I was floored how good and kind he was.  Took no less then 20 minutes and I was on my way and to top it off he said it was on the house and Happy Thanksgiving.  Happy Thanksgiving to you and your family.  Thank you for helping this old soldier.
