1	Women beware!  I guess they saw a single mom and thought they could make a quick buck....lucky for me I got a second opinion.   Up front the guys at the front desk seem very nice, and concerned - yeah, right!  They're great liars.  I was almost suckered me out of $1831 for complete replacement of an a/c unit, when all that was needed was some freon!  A co-worker recommended T&M Auto Service on Silverado Ranch/Bermuda (these guys were great!).  It's been two weeks now, and I still have a/c.  I will never recommend Sun Auto Service to anyone.  It's companies like Sun who give the auto repair industry a bad name.
1	This is the first auto repair shop that I have found that is HONEST!!!!!!  I mean I have NEVER had a repair shop turn my business away because my Honda Accord's rear brakes were only wore down 30%.  The DEALER (Henderson) said they were wore down 75%.  I declined the dealers recommendations and brought it to Sun Auto.  RESULT - SAVED  OVER $200.   Because SUN AUTO REPAIR  was honest!!!!!!!But then I went back, and POW you need new struts because the others are worn out.  Checked them myself and they are fine.  I GUESS ALL mechanic shops are crooks.  I have not been able to find an honest mechanic.
4	Very happy with their service...have had both my vehicles (Jeep and Van) serviced there over the past few years. They seem to be very competent and honest.
5	I want to write this both because of the good experiences I've had here and to counter those that say they were not happy. I had all 4 brakes replaced here on my girlfriends Corolla and later on my Accord.  They initially were going to charge me for new hardware but then looked at it again and decided they could use the old hardware (saved me over $50 and they could have gotten away with doing it, I never would have known)  Alex, the manager, remembers my name and seems to really care about service and treating customers right.  Because of this I will continue going here for all my auto needs and recommend them to others!
1	If only I could give somewhere 0 stars!Dishonest thieves! They have charged me over $2,000 to "fix" repairs on my car, just for them to come back days later. Each time they find a "new" problem to tack on a few hundred dollars. I hope this place gets shut down before they rip off more people. What sleezy scam artists. Women especially beware! These smooth talking mechanics will have you believing your whole car is broken. Sickening.
2	After leaving my car another 8 hours in the shop they did some repairs "for free". I had  a credit since I noticed an overcharge and am not sure of the actual repairs or cost of those repairs. No invoice was given to me. I was very appreciative of the work and was pulled aside by the manager and asked to write a nicer Yelp review. I agreed. That is until I get in my car, make it out of the parking lot AND THE EXACT PROBLEM STARTS UP AGAIN IN MY CAR. They also nicely offered to change my burned out tail light for free, until they said they didn't have time half way through and told me to come back. Now it is more messed up than before! I haven't had the time or money to take it back in. How can I write a nice review when my problem isn't fixed? They are all nice men but they are not correcting my problem. I am going to give them one last chance, I hope that I can turn my review into a 5 star one. Mainly though I just want my car fixed!
5	I'm writing an update since Yelp filtered out my original review for some reason.... (#YelpFilterFAIL) This is still the only place I'll take my car in Las Vegas.  Fast, friendly service that I trust won't scam me on stuff I don't need.  It seems like the negative reviewers either don't know much about cars or they drive a piece of $hi# that is going to break down even if the Rolls-Royce dealer had worked on it.
4	I've been dealing with this repair shop for over 5 years. In all that time I've never been disappointed. You can trust them to work with you and not oversell an unnecessary repair. Ask for Alex. He's the manager and has been there forever.
5	They did a great job,fast and at the price I was quoted .....no up sell
5	The staff at this location rocks! They are honest, nice and caring Every time I go in.. I recently bought two new cars and had my old cars serviced here before trading them in. They did a great job, they are honest with prices and they always seem to have a smile on their faces. Thank You Sun Auto
1	I brought my old ford taurus to change or fix the steering pump and left the car with Sun overnight. I was very specific saying, I need to fix the pump before I sell the car. They said, we understand. Next day I came, they gave me an estimate $1959! This is for a $1000 car! In the estimate, they offered to change each and every steering part. As a result, I had to drive the car without the pump back home and you know how hard it is.
5	I have been going to this location for over a year. They are always honest with me and very competent. They do NOT try to sell you on unnecessary maintenance or repairs like dealerships do. All the employees are knowledgeable and polite. I deal with Jeremy the most and he is wonderful ! I definitely recommend this shop!!
5	I love this shop! Friendly, knowledgeable, and honest staff. Great customer service each check up! Thank you!
5	I self-diagnosed my car and took it in, expecting a several hundred dollar repair.  And I don't think I was wrong in my diagnosis.  When I took it in to Sun Auto Service, the guy behind the desk looked at my car, agreed with my diagnosis, and then gave me the option of doing the several hundred dollar repair, or patching the problem with a free sticker.  (My car door always triggered as "open" because it was not pressing the sensor properly.  The tech put a 1 mm thick sticker on the door to make it press the sensor when the door was closed.).They could have legitimately and honestly have charged me hundreds of dollars to fix the door.  But they fixed the symptoms with the price of a free sticker.  (Meaning they didn't charge me.)  I think that is the sign of honesty and care about customers.
5	Got to love a repair shop that will keep their word and fix a warranted item. I will absolutely return again if any of my cars have a problem. Excellent work. Thank you.
5	Was recommended by my neighbor to Sun Auto.  Jeremy was very kind and knowledgable and did what he promised!! I will not take my car anywhere else from now on!! Very trust worthy!! I'd recommend Sun auto to all my friends!!!!
1	This auto shop will try to take advantage of your lack of knowledge around specific parts of your car. They tried to charge me $800 for a part that lists at $89 through other retailers. The guys seem nice from the front desk, however they are totally in it to scam you.
1	SHOULD BE NO STARS!  The biggest CROOKS I have ever encountered!!!  They said the car needed a new motor.  They found a new motor and replaced it providing a warranty.  That motor died so they had to get another one.  Ok, at least it was under their warranty right?  After waiting forever to get the car back we find out that as they were installing it someone drilled into the transmission putting it in.  So, again waiting for another motor.  Thousands of dollars were paid and then the car was in their shop again for weeks.  Finally, after all of that the car is returned only to find other problems that  were not considered covered under that warranty even though they were clearly things that were done during the motor exchange.  Then required to pay additional money just to get the car back.  They were in no big hurry to finish any of the repairs and never met the dates they indicated.  They should be shut down for ripping people off.  Those that have had good service just got lucky.  They will get you too eventually.
1	My car is quite spoiled, due to it being European and it needs the best of everything. My regular mechanic was not available, and all I needed was a simple oil change, so after looking through reviews about this place, I thought it was a good idea to take it here. First of, I asked them upon walking in if they had the filter for my particular make & model (since I know most places do not have them in stock) & in order to avoid waiting an excessive amount of time. The guy said he had it in stock, then started to quote me the price and giving me some false info about other car places & how much they charge to do an oil change to my car (trying to convince me that his price was so cheap) and even giving me a $17 disc, which came about the total of $52. I thought it was very overpriced, but I was already there & had to get it done. I ended up waiting for over 2hrs for the oil change, when I asked why it was taking so long, the same guy at the reception told me he did not have the filter & had to get ordered & delivered!! When I finally left the place, they called me to ask me to come back because they had left someone's keys inside my car!! I thought after the 2 hrs my car was sitting at this place they didn't even verified they did not leave some other customer's keys inside my car? and not only they forgot someone else's stuff in my car, I took it to have it check with my regular mechanic few days later & he told me they forgot to place one of the screws back on that holds the bottom of the car!!! I was so pissed of at this place not only they ripped me off, but wasted my time and more money. STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!
1	We were referred to Sun by Carmax for warranty work since they were too busy. I called and spoke with Frank on Friday morning and was told to bring the truck in ASAP. It sat there and was never looked at, I called three times throughout the day and finally he said they would look at it Saturday and call us. I offered to come pick it up and bring it back Saturday and was told that they would pull it in the shop overnight. I called again Saturday at 3p, since again we never heard from them and was told that it would be fixed in one hour and be ready. Turned out that all four door locks needed to be fixed (only two were not working when we dropped it  off) and the window motor was replaced as well. Went and picked it up, we live within 1 mile of the shop, when we for home the gas light came on. We had a nearly full tank when we dropped it off and 300 miles had been put on...interesting since the truck had no engine diagnostic problems! I called and spoke with the manager Steve  today since they were closed on Sunday. I informed him of my concerns and he said there must've been a typo in the gas mileage when we brought it in. Maybe a typo...however the empty gas tank suggest otherwise. He was going to talk to his general manager and see if he could reimburse me the gas replacement( per my request) since I can't get the 300 miles back!! He called me back and said they were unable to do that and if I wanted to come in and discuss further I was welcome too..hopefully their work on the vehicle is honest because their integrity isn't! Won't be returning nor referring them to anyone. Advised Carmax of this as well, maybe they will find another shop to use!
5	Once again Sun Auto provided me with top-notch service.  My rotors on my brake system were shot.  I knew that going into the shop.  When it feels like you are braking on a washboard, chances are your rotors are shot.I took my van into Sun Auto at about 2:30 pm.  I begged them to have my car ready by closing because I needed the car the next day for a road trip.  They told me it was no problem and they squeezed me in.  I was ever so grateful.  Unfortunately, the repair didn't work.  I took my car to a tire shop that evening and the washboard effect was still in play.  I asked the tire guys at discount tire to verify that Sun actually put on new rotors.  They told me the rotors looked new.The next day, I needed to get on the road by 11:00 am.  I took the car to Sun Auto, told them that the rotors didn't fix the problem.  They knew I had to get on the road by 11.  They got my car in immediately.  Identified the problem as a defective new rotor.  The product they installed the day before was faulty out of the box  They replaced the defective rotor for no charge, and got me on the road by 10:00 am.I guess my point is not that my experience was flawless.  It wasn't.  But I don't think that was Sun's fault.  My point is that Sun gave me top-notch service and treated me right.  They fixed the problem, and inconvenienced themselves to fix the problem on my tight schedule.Good job, Sun Auto.
5	I've been taking my vehicle here for years and have NEVER had bad service!! Steve and Jeremy always know what they're talking about, and the service is always quick and accurate. A family member recommended Sun Auto to us and we've never taken our vehicles anywhere else.
4	Been here every since I found them 6 years ago when I moved here.  Never have they over charged me and when they explain things I actually understand.  I don't know much about cars but this place has been great for me.  Just getting window fixed today since it is getting cold out.  I had one issue a while ago on an old car but that was it.  I recommend this place to anyone who has any car trouble.  Everyone here is great.
5	My husband and I have been bringing our cars there for a few years now.  They don't hit you with the usual list of things wrong and take the time to explain the details.  I made the mistake of going to a "cheaper" shop for my timing belt and have regretted it ever since.  I would rather pay a little more money and have the peace of mind.  I know that I can trust the work done at this shop.
