5	My Mom and I were in Edinburgh in May and did our own pub "whisky tasting tour" once we found out the literary pub tour was not running that day.  After hitting up 5 pubs we headed into the White Hart.  Decently priced beers and whisky with a very friendly staff. This pub is also supposedly the oldest pub in Edinburgh.Music every night after 9pm and we were in luck as the guy there that night was AMAZING.  He sang music from almost every genre & buy the end of the night had the bar dancing to "shake your tail feather"!!When I come back to Edinburgh I will definitely make my way to this pub!!
3	The White Hart Inn is one of central Edinburghs oldest pubs, with bits of it dating back to the 1500's. It is reported that the name comes from a white stag that the king regretted killing in Holyrood park centuries ago - and a carving of the stag is above the huge door to the building, observing the Grass Market and the customers of The White Hart Inn as they sit outside and generally looking a bit demonic.The dominating exterior gives way to a dissapointingly small, and rather dull traditional pub setting - if ever you go in you will understand what I mean by 'far too much wood'.The bar itself serves a wide range of whiskeys, ales and other less manly drinks foir its large reange of clientel - students, tourists, locals and the obligatory old men. Food is decent - a stand off between burgers and haggis, but generally good pub grub.Despite beginning the afternoon as a relaxed pub ambience - soon enough the pub was crowded and unpleasent. But as this was a weekend, im pretty sure this is a regular thing and unlilkely to happen on a wet tuesday evening.
3	The White Hart is an unpretentious pub in the Grassmarket.  It claims to be the oldest pub in Edinburgh. Perhaps it is.The friendly staff guided my son and me through the selection of single malts and made some excellent recommendations.  It made for a lovely last night in Edinburgh.
5	During my last trip to Edinburgh, my husband, my in-laws, and I decided to check out this neat pub in the Grassmarket Area. I wasn't sure what to expect...it claims to be "Edinburgh's Oldest Pub" so I was worried it might be a bit of an overpriced tourist trap, but it was anything but. It is a pretty small place, and luckily we were able to snag the last available table for lunch. I ordered Mac & Cheese, which came with garlic bread and a tasty salad. The Mac & Cheese was EXCELLENT. The sauce was piquant & creamy, and just perfect. Everyone in our party thoroughly enjoyed our meals, and the service was quick and friendly. The pub has a great atmosphere, and overall is an excellent place to stop for a tasty meal and a cold pint.
4	Good cask ale selection!
5	This is an outstanding, comfortable pub, with excellent beer and very good food.  The environment is one of warmth -- low ceilings with wood beams showing faded quotes, dark woods everywhere, a fireplace, and several tvs.  There're lots of small tables with decent space between them -- during the day, at least -- to move around or stand (if your group's big).  The service is friendly.  I was surprised (happily) by the wide variety of customers -- locals and tourists of all ages, backgrounds, and nationalities, having a relaxing time together.
4	First meal in Edinburgh, and this is where I fell in love with haggis. Don't know what the big deal is, because it's absolutely delicious when covered in pepper! The steak pie is served in a great sauce, and was just what I needed after a day of travel.The White Hart Inn is not a great place for beer, since their selection isn't noteworthy, but the bartenders are honest and upfront with you. We had a bearded guy who clearly knew about lots of beer, and was able to point us to a few places to try when we displayed a bit of of disappointment at their offerings. There is no pretentiousness here, just people who know beer.
4	Popped in here for a quick Guiness, which turned into 3 or 4 after we totally settled into this great wee pub. The staff are pleasant and chatty and the sourroundings traditional with some nice features such as the wooden beams in the ceilings. The food that was floating past looked and smelled delicous for pub grub... trying to ignore the fact I had an empty stomach at this point and was three beers in. :D It looks like this place is definately geared towards the whiskey as there was a vast selection of interesting options. We grabbed one inbetwen rounds to havea sample as we eyed a new malt and werent disappointed. Decent live music on a weekday, pleasant chatty staff, good booze and nice surroundings. Never thought I would be saying this about a Grassmarket pub. We kept saying why havent we been in here before. Check it out folks if you fancy a quick pint or dram out of the rain in the grass market.
1	I wish I could give this place a half-star.My dad and I were fresh off the train in Edinburgh, and starving. As soon as we unpacked we made a beeline to the legendary White Hart for drinks and grub. There were only five customers inside when we arrived. We parked ourselves in a booth in front of the bar and waited for service, but none came. After ten minutes's waiting I went to the bar, thinking I'd try ordering at the bar. While waiting for the bartender, a girl blatantly stepped in front of me and got served first. Not cool. While I waited I watched the bar staff, and they were moving deliberately slowly. After a total of 15 minutes' waiting we gave up and left.On the way out, I saw a sign that clued me in: we had arrived ten minutes before food service ended. The staff were stalling for time so they wouldn't have to serve us food.Very amateur!We walked a few doors down to another pub and had a kickass meal and drinks. We'll be going back there, and not to the White Hart.
5	Das White Hart ist klasse. Hier kommst du schnell mit Leuten in Kontakt, ab 9 p.m. macht immer einer Musik, die Preise sind ok und die Leute hinter der Theke angesichts des meist proppenvollen Ladens erstaunlich relaxed.Und: Hier hab ich zum ersten Mal Haggis gegessen, das schottische Nationalgericht!!Du willst nicht wissen, was da drin ist aber es war wirklich lecker.Hingehen. This is a Must!
4	Great haggis, neeps & tatties, and steak pie.  Try Irn Bru soda.  Friendly to tourists.
4	Guess what I got...We were trying to meet up with friends who had just arrived in Edinburgh. Since they were really jet-laggy in London, we assumed that they were still a bit off when we didn't hear back from them. Well, we're gonna eat across from your hotel anyway. We tried to come here before, but they were full. When we got there this time, we saw a table for six with two people. Luckily they were leaving and I didn't have to make things awkward by sitting with them. I'm just joking. I wouldn't have done that... I didn't even know how good the food was yet. I was told they are the oldest pub in Edinburgh. I don't know for sure. I guess I could google it. Hmm... I know that they are haunted. While waiting for our food, I read one of the articles on the wall saying how the place was haunted. One part said that there was a guy in the woman's washroom. Great. I am already scared of bathrooms, now I have confirmation that this place is haunted? I don't think I could handle that. Oh wait, it could have been a workerbee according to the article. We ordered our food at the bar, but this time we decided to order rounds instead of by couples. I think I had a Strongbow... I say think because I never went for my turn up at the bar. We ordered nachos for the table and I had a burger with haggis. The nachos were pretty good. Since I was told not to expect much, they totally exceeded my expectations. Salsa tasted jarred, but it was good... Totally sufficient. My burger on the other hand. Oh-my-wonderful! I am so glad I tried haggis. It goes with everything. This one seemed moister and worked really well on the burger. I want one now. Prices were reasonable. We would have stayed longer, but we wanted to go to a pub quiz up on the Royal Mile.
5	We stopped at the White Hart Inn after hearing rave reviews about it from our tour guide, as well as some of the stories of the people that used to frequent it. We made a mental note to stop by here for a proper dinner one of the nights we were out and about.The place was a bit small and had a little bit of trouble accomdating 7 of us at one table. They were happy to help though, and put together two smaller tables for us to make it work. We ended up blocking the door to the kitchen with this setup but they didn't seem to mind and were very pleasant about working around us.While in Scotland I got hooked on meat pies. We don't have anything quite like them in the states. The closest we have is a "pot pie" which is much smaller with a much more flaky pastry type crust. The meat pies in Scotland are much bigger. The steak and ale meat pie at the White Hart Inn was amazing. Truly the best dinner I had while on vacation. The steak was tender, and the gravy was this amazing savoury ale sauce that was super delicious. It contained a good variety of vegetables and the crust was nicely done. The portions were very generous, almost super-sized compared to other places we had been to on the royal mile.We also had the cheesy garlic bread appetizer which was also quite nice. Crisp and full of garlic flavor. Quite good.They had a full bar and we indulges in a few lagers. Overall, it was a very memorable meal. I'd highly recommend stopping in. The service was good and they were very accomododating of our large group, and very prompt in bringing out the food. Very well done!
5	Founded in 1516, White Hart has to be the oldest pub in Edinburgh!! Although Sheep Heid Inn claims the same, ok, let's not sweat on it... For the history geeks, famous people like Oliver Cromwell and Robert Burns have been sighted in this pub (not recently, thankfully, so many ghosts in Edinburgh!) . I have been here quite a few times for either food or whisky or ales: imagine a 3-4 pages whisky catalogue grouped by area and flavour details for each one of them!! Same idea follows the food menu too! You will find quite a selection of starters (try out the Belhaven ale Sticky sausages), hot drinks too, traditional pub dishes like Steak and Ale Pie, Chieftain Haggis, Neeps and Tatties, but also platters like Scotch Egg and Sticky ale Sausages, mushroom quiche and beetroot, honey roast ham and Orkney cheddar cheese. For the burger fans there are four options including one named William Wallace and another Rabbie Burns! White Hart Inn is also one of the few pubs I know that serves Cranachan, a traditional sweet Scottish dish. Chef has added also the Famous White Hart Tunnocks Ice Cream Sundae - I need to try that too!! Four more dessert options - sweet tooth guys rejoice!!! Highly recommended!!!
5	The White Hart Inn is Edinburgh's oldest pub (and oldest husband daycare center). It's been in operation nearly 500 years, and was frequented by Robert Burns, Wordsworth, and Cromwell back in the day. My wife is a bit of a literary dork, so she insisted we check it out. I'm really glad she did. As old as this pub is, they didn't mind pumping quite a few Fleetwood Mac songs through the stereo. I thoroughly enjoy "Rhiannon," and at least Fleetwood is a British band, so I'll let that one slide. At 9:00, they also had some live Scottish folk music courtesy of an awesome bespectacled old Scot on acoustic guitar. What I liked most were the old wooden banners running across the ceiling, spouting quotations like "There's some are fou o' love devine, Tho some are fou o' brandy." Translation: Maybe she's pretty and you're a romantic, or maybe she's ugly and you're just drunk.I started things off with a pint of Belhaven Black, which is a bit like Guinness, but creamier. It also had a slight mild coffee aftertaste that was enjoyable.For dinner, I picked the Scotch Egg and Sticky Ale Sausages platter. It's also served with crunchy gherkin pickles, a brown sauce for dipping, and wedges of crusty bread and butter. I added some Twister Fries for good measure, which come with garlic mayo (not aioli, just garlic mayo)The sausages had a nice sweetness, like breakfast sausage. The accompanying "brown sauce" tasted a lot like Heinz 57, but they were even better with the garlic mayo. One of the last remaining foods on my to-do list was a Scotch Egg. It was served cold, though the one I had eaten at the Renaissance Fair back in the States was served hot. I'm guessing local Scots know the correct way to serve it, but I'm not really sure. I think hot would have been better. The twisted curly fries and garlic mayo were fantastic together, maybe one of my new favorites. To finish off the evening, we tried their special Jammy Donut shot: Chambord and double cream with some kind of crushed sugar around the rim. I wasn't sure what to expect in terms of overall flavors, but it was actually really tasty! It was also a nice palate cleanser.The White Hart Inn was exactly what we wanted for this dinner, and I'm really happy we went.
1	Horrible experience! We waited for an hour for our food while tables seated after us were all served. The burger I ordered was awful and our fries were definitely retrieved from the bottom of the deep fryer. Don't bother with this tourist trap.
3	The oldest pub in a Edinburgh is no place for a high end meal. But the crowd is fun, music good, and whisky great.The haggis nachos were fun and tasty. The salad and burger were adequate. Come if you want some music and some single malts.
