4	I've been a loyal customer of Darque Tan since moving to AZ in 2005.  The Scottsdale/Tempe location is wonderful; I love the late hours.  Since moving to Chandler, I've also been pretty happy with the Elliot/Dobson location.  I never have to wait more than 5 minutes for a bed.  The tanning packages, especially the V.I.P. packages, are a bargain if you tan often.  The customer service is pretty good too.  I've referred a few people, and they now have a referral program where you get upgrade credits when you refer friends!  Also, referred friends get a free week of tanning, which is pretty nice.   Their lotion prices range from $7 for a single use packet to about $50 for the high-end products by the bottle.  They also sell teeth-whitening strips, nail covers and protective goggles.  Best place to tan in Chandler!
1	I went back to Darque Tan yesterday to freeze my membership, since I'm going to Europe for a few weeks.  The gal behind the counter informed me that the last day to freeze an account is the 10th of every month, even though the credit card on file is not charged until the 16th of every month.  I told her I'd most likely cancel then and proceeded to tan.  When I was finished, I came back to the counter.  She asked, "So what did you decide?"  I told her that I'd decided to cancel, and she promptly printed out my cancellation form.  It was dated 07/16/08.  I asked her if my card would still be charged, since the cancel date was the 16th instead of yesterday's date.  She nodded and informed me ONLY THEN that the last day to cancel without a charge would have been the 10th.  It would have been nice if she had told me that.  So then I figured, well shoot, I am paying anyway; maybe I should just keep the membership, so I'll have a tan package when I get back.  I asked her if it was too late to cancel.  Her answer, "Well sort of.  It would be really hard, and I'd have to call my manager to do it."  So I left, and I don't think I'll ever walk through those doors again!  What a shame!  If that clerk wasn't too lazy to reverse the cancellation, Darque Tan would still have a good paying customer.
1	This location was a Groupon find... Won't be back. The girl behind the counter was nice but even though I had the groupon right in front of me, she had to read it several times and I had to explain to her what I was supposed to be getting with it. The red light therapy is a nice idea... But the room the bed was in was lacking. They should hire an exterminator, not leave sticky bug traps down with dead bugs all over the floor where people generally have bare feet... Yuck!!
5	Clean and Neat! Friendly staff explained everything well love love love this place!
4	I've probably driven by this location a couple hundred times on my way to the gym each day and I finally decided today I was tired of being the whitest girl in my group of friends.  I had checked out the website previously to look at pricing and packages so I pretty much knew what I wanted when I went in.The girl behind the counter was very friendly and you could tell she was knowledgeable about everything which is always a comforting feeling.  I signed up for the basic package which gives me unlimited access to level 1 and 2 beds and it's only about $32 a month.  I was able to get into a bed right away and the girl recommended a time for me since it had been a while since I'd been tanning.  Her recommendation turned out to be a good one as I didn't burn but can see a little color starting to come through.I'm very happy to have found a nice, clean place to tan with good pricing that's convenient to get to as well.  Hopefully I'll be about the same color as the rest of my group by bikini season!
5	Always super clean. Really friendly staff. Love their beds, they really know what they're doing all around!
