1	i am working in north scottsdale again and wanted to find a nearby yoga spot to stay in shape and try to heal my knee at. i found sumits and while i am not a fan of heated it can be good for toning up a bit. the first two microphone blaring instructors were tolerable the third one (David) was an outright jerk/ass.i get there tonight at 5:30 and start signing in and right away start getting harassed by this guy:"are you new?" he asks. "31 years new i guess." is my reply. (blank stare) he gives back. "are you new?" he asks again. "to yoga, or this studio?" I ask back. (stares at me) he replies. so i smile and offer my hand "i am roger" i say and he goes for the death grip "david" he replies. "we are gonna get started here soon" "well i hope i dont ruin everything being a few minutes late" i reply. "its just rude to show up to yoga late" he snaps back.wow! what a professional attitude to take with someone who is trying out a studio that you are a substitute at. what a yogic attitude to take with someone who is going to be your student for 70 minutes for the first time. peace be with you my friend.this is unreal to me and seems very opposite to what yoga is. however i guess the microphone should have given it away. this is not yoga. this is an aerobics class masquerading as yoga. and the combative attitude that David showed me today is typical of a GYM not a yoga studio.so i left. i may go back a few more times cause i have a week left on the intro program that i am doing for $20, but after that this place wont see another dime from me.oh and i love how up till the two negative reviews showed up today the only other review was from the owner himself.try yoga village across the 101 or head to chandler and tempe for innervision or phoenix for gravity center yoga. all of which i have reviewed before.
1	Bad. Really Bad. I signed up for the trial membership and was really looking forward to getting back to Bikram. I've been spoiled with great studios, and most importantly instructors, in Monterrey California and Burlington Vermont both which I practiced at regularly. My experience at Sumits was bad. The instructor I had was so rude. I find it so interesting when you encounter such an angry person in such an 'enlightened' environment. I thought to myself, 'how are YOU here'. Totally misplaced. He barked at people through the whole class with an incredible attitude and when I trailed the motions by a few seconds, it was my turn to be barked at.."if you can't keep up, you can't just do your own thing". Wow. Welcome to your first day of class. It's not that I am out of shape, or can't appreciate discipline, I work out regularly. If this guy would give instruction as loudly and clearly as his belittling, class would be a little smoother for everyone. I came back and had him again, and it was about the same, he was still massively PMS-ing. I did meet the owner after class, and to his defense, he seemed like a nice guy. The studio is nice, just needs a staff shakeup.
5	I tried Summit's Yoga with a friend as a way to stretch out after running. I am often tight in the joints from running and massage or yoga really help.  My initial experience was a surprise. Summit was teaching the class that started out by relaxing your body and stilling your mind.  He gave lots of information - explaining that this was everyday yoga, done to help you feel good.  He directed our focus on our own mats and created a feeling of privacy even in that crowded room.  The heat wasn't threatening or uncomfortable, but rather refreshing.  There was a scent of cederwood and mint in the room that I believe comes from spray bottles on hand.  Toward the end of class, I was thrilled by a faster paced flow that felt like a mix of dance with the energy and music of a spin class - that's when I knew I'd be back.  The class is the same every time, allowing you to work at improving in the different poses.  The staff at Summit's Yoga are so friendly and nice.  I decided to cancel my membership at the Village Health Club and make this part of my everyday routine.  I was never that interested in yoga but the mix of the upbeat music, dance feel, friendly staff and refreshing feel of the heat has made a yogi out of me!
5	I love this studio! I immediately enjoyed the attitude of the place and felt extremely welcomed from when I first walked in. My very first class I was spoiled by being positioned right next to one of the instructors who happened to be taking the class that day and Sumit was teaching. This was my first time trying hot yoga and I have to say it- I'm in love! Everyone working there seems to be extremely hands-on and helpful. I love that you're told sometimes what a certain pose helps with in your body. I was impressed by the entire atmosphere: dimly lit, perfect music and just the right amount of encouraging words. Although I was extremely happy with my experience, being a newbie to the hot style of yoga I decided to try a bikram studio which (to me) just wasn't up to par with this studio. I honestly cannot recommend Sumits enough.
5	My all time favorite yoga studio in the country! I have traveled all over and now live in NYC and wish i could practice Sumit yoga everyday. The best teachers &  clean facility. I always left class feeling better than i ever thought i would and could.  If you are a beginner or well practiced, you will find your place. Shed some pounds and lift your spirit, this is a place you cant afford to miss
5	I have decided to sign up @ Yelp just to write this review and if you wonder why I am starting my sentence this way  take a moment to read my two cents about this place.Upon realizing that I only have two classes left @ my Bikram studio I have received magazine with 2-weeks free hot  yoga offer from Sumit yoga. Being a salon owner and advertising in same magazine I had a couple copies of the same issue :) ( One for me one for a friend - always like to have  a partner in crime.. lol ). So I thought I would try it. Practicing Bikram for almost 2 years  and swimming a mile once or twice a week I thought there was not much that can still surprise me.Hot yoga can get better & by better I mean ... having minimum time for myself I want to get maximum out of my  workout or whatever you want to call it. Being over 30 lets just say slowly starts diminishing the obvious not being twenty anymore..  So if you care about your appearance you start looking for the impossible: What can I do to look  and feel younger if I only have couple hours a week for myself .I would have to say Sumit yoga just may be the answer.My friend got the shape up she wanted in a week for her 20th high-school reunion and I..I am writing my very first review because I believe that as a Beauty professional that on daily basis helps people to look better, it is my responsibility to explore and inform the public about all the available options that can help to make you feel better about yourself inside out. I feel that thanks to the style of this yoga each individual has, physical, mental & emotional relief available withing a reach in only 70 minutes. Not to mention that I can guarantee you if you make it through your first class you will feel like a hero at the end. After all what doesn't kill you only makes you stronger ...*** I have checked out  reviews for Sumit's yoga @ few locations.I think if you there to pay attention to other things then to get the best out of your practice you need to find more socially interactive outlet. Personal insults are just a sign of very unstable and judgmental people. If you get a bad apple from the tree that does not mean that the whole tree is bad!***I wish that all the competitors that are writing the one star reviews for  Sumit's  studios would just focus on bettering their studios to such professional, structured yet kind and friendly environment!!!  *** After-all the amount of current Sumit's yoga location and additional once rising in near future, considering the owner is only 30 something, speaks for its success on its own.
5	I just read the reviews, just for kicks.  The negative I read really angered me.  I have been an "annual" member for years, since Sumit opened his doors.  I can tell you, he has been the kindest, most understanding person I have ever met.  He must have a reason to get upset at you, I have heard him refuse a client and I completely understood.  I think it must take a lot to make him angry.  (EVEN, I don't smell good after 70 minutes of Hot Yoga!)  David is an excellent instructor.  He wants you to get the most out of your yoga. YES, it is rude to be late, and you were rude in the comments you made to him, no wonder he was on the defensive.  He is also a kind person.  He has helped me a lot.  I had a girl (who was an employee) tell me that maybe hot yoga was not for me, but I was reassured by Sumit, and many of the instructors, including David... I am where I need to be and they understand my position, and to continue trying hard.  I have a chronic illness, and I will miss a few weeks, but when I come back it is the same warm, welcoming place.  I only have a problem with the disrespectful people who attend the classes, coming late, talking, leaving early, etc.I will be a member as long as Sumit and I are in the area!
5	I LOVE this place! I have always been an avid yogie but felt like I needed an extra workout before or after yoga. Not the case with hot yoga. You definitely feel like you have gotten a workout at Sumits, and the different flows keep you engaged. My only recommendation is to sit by the door if you're a newbie, and drink LOTS of water before going.
3	I have only really attended classes at the new flow studio next door and really loved them. The flow instructors are especially skilled and excellent teachers. I would give this place 5 stars except for one really terrible experience. The studio is not really to blame and this could happen to anyone: In the midst of a really intense class, I took my watch and wedding ring off and placed it at the top of my mat. In the middle of savasana, I heard someone close to me fold up and leave the class. When I opened my eyes, my wedding band was gone :-/.  It was a big room full of students and since I had my eyes closed, I couldn't even blame anybody or cause the instructor any embarrassment. I just quietly left. I was so so traumatized that I have never been back since then although I had paid for several weeks ahead. This is in a fairly expensive studio in a fancy schmancy area... I couldn't imagine how/why someone could do something like this. It wasn't even an expensive ring it was just a plain old wedding band that my mother had paid for with money she had saved for my wedding by baby-sitting for kids in the neighborhood. I have no words to describe what I went through... it is just a horrible, traumatic and disgusting feeling overall and I just couldn't bear to go back. And again, the studio is probably not to blame for a student's personal failing and some people would probably blame me for placing valuables out in the open... but I would have never dreamed of such a thing till it actually happened to me
4	This is my first experience with yoga. I tried the introductory package, liked it and have been going for about a year. I find the Sumit practice very well-rounded. It is a really good strength and flexibility program for a person in a chair-bound job like mine. I read the reviews about the rude instructor. I guess I have been lucky enough to not encounter him. All the teachers I have met have been very nice and supportive. I even took my 11 year old daughter a few times, and the teachers were considerate and helpful towards her.
5	I love this place and can't say enough about it!I've done yoga for years, on and off, and the experience here is by far my favorite.Everyone is so positive and lovely. It's really a great place to practice yoga and relax your mind.
4	I just relocated to Scottsdale from Southern california where I had been an avid member of Corepower yoga for years.  I was very scared that I would never find a studio out here that I loved as much as CP.... Enter Sumits.  I really do enjoy this studio a lot and for different reasons than I loved my old studio.Even with years of hot power yoga experience, I found their proprietary class refreshing, engaging, and very challenging.  The room is hotter than I was used to but I have adapted and now love it.  What I love most about the mcDowell studio is the addition of the power flow classes in the second studio.  These add the variety and flexibility to my workout that i crave.  My only suggestion would be that there are more of these classes offered especially on weekday afternoons and evenings.Every instructor I have had has been great, especially Lynn, her class is amazing.  The entire studio has an incredibly warm and welcoming vibe.  The only reason I put 4 stars instead of 5 is for two recommendations: more power flow classes offered and the unfortunately the bathroom/changing area is very small and crowded after a class.....a small draw back.  But all things yoga considered, this place is fabulous.
2	The yoga is really great....the problem is the bathrooms are very dirty.  I dont think the shower has ever been cleaned and if you go into the bathroom bare footed, your feet will be black-literally.   All the ladies comment on how dirty the bathroom is, but it's never cleaned:(
4	Great workout in a great space with great people! I can only take so much "Sumits" flow. I need variety to make me feel like I'm working, not just putting in the time, so I like the move away from that and the way the new classes seem to be at least putting somewhat of a different spin on the routine. I love the hot studio and the way I feel after it, but don't discount the classes in Studio B! It's still warm and I like the variety of the Power classes, those instructors will make you work and sweat just as much!
5	I have had over 10 surgeries as a former athlete.  Three of them being back...  I was told by my medical team, that yoga will hurt you even more.  I was introduced to Sumit Yoga about 9 months ago.  After my first practice, I was hooked.  In four weeks my pain had significantly decreased.  Don't always listen your Dr.'s.  I love everyone at Sumits and they gave me my life back!
2	A little about myself I have been doing yoga for about 5 years, now getting back to doing yoga 3 times a week. The reason for my 2 star is the way the class was set up, everyone there was awesome and super friendly. I'm use to a peaceful and great energy in the yoga room which is what it should be. It was hard to feel that in this class since the yoga instructor was yelling over the loud music (since the instructor had no mic) to instruct the class for the next pose, then abruptly stopped one song not a very nice flow. I found it hard to concentrate and focus on my poses. The energy seemed really tense probably due to the teacher yelling and not fully peaceful throughout the class time. I would not come back for another class unless they were to make some changes like the teacher to have a mic. Also the space was a bit cramped, the front entrance to the locker room not to much space to get changed and get settled in.
1	I was turned off by their BAD customer service. I've been doing sumits, bikram and hot yoga for six years in Arizona and this by far has been my WORST experience! I recently moved and was looking for a new studio so signed up for their two week trial. Come to my second class and ask for a yoga/mat rental and they lady says sorry we don't have any more but I could buy one for more than 60 dollars!!!!! Any other studio would have opened one of their mats and added it to their rental collection or would have not even made the mistake in the first place of not providing sufficient rental equipment. At the very least she could have extended my trial membership by one day since I didn't get to attend class today. It was extremely annoying. When you're paying ridiculous amounts for classes they should accommodate you better. If this yoga studio is just in a convenient location for you and you have money to blow then it's ok, but if you're lookig for true value and great teachers and atmosphere then check out some of the other studios in the area. Lucky for you Scottsdale has a ton and this yoga studio doesn't offer anything you cant get somewhere else.Also, most of their good reviews are from when they were a part of Sumits Yoga. I've been to a couple sumit yoga studios and loved it every time. They've parted ways with sumit as they don't carry the studio name anymore (made clear by the outline of letters torn off their store front) so don't be deceived by these reviews that stem from when they had a previous owner as this is not the same place anymore and clearly the new management is struggling to follow in sumit's footsteps.
5	I have been doing yoga at this studio for 3 years and I would not go anywhere else.  The classes, instructors and staff are awesome!  I managed and taught aerobics at a very popular fitness center in the valley until the company went out of business. I refused to pay for a gym membership but my gym routine at home was getting mundane.  I received a flyer in the mail to try a hot yoga studio down the street from where I live so I decided this may be a good addition to my current fitness routine. The first day I went I was greated with warmth and kindness. The class was challenging but rewarding and was just what I needed to increase my fitness goals. . The euporia i felt when I left made me purchase classes and I have not left since. The staff is awesome. They are super friendly and they take the time to get to know you as a person and not just a member. They have become like family to me.  Having been a manager at a gym to me this the family like atmoshpere was the biggest selling point.  Hot Yoga has not only transformed my body but has also done wonders for my mind and attitude. The staff however, is what keeps me coming back. Thank you all for everything you have done to help me!!  I am truly blessed to have found True Hot Yoga!!
5	Being quite new to yoga it has been really peaceful getting into the swing of it with the help of the lovely teachers and staff at True. My flexibility is increasing and I can finally say that it is one of my favorite new things to do. I was really timid to start but thanks to these guys I've found a great new creative outlet.
4	I never thought I would enjoy yoga.  I play ice hockey, enjoy cycling and time at the gym, and was talked into trying out hot yoga.  And I was quickly hooked.  This type of workout compliments the other activities very well.  I have noticed increased core strength and increased range of motion.  I have been to True Hot and Sumits recently, and both are very good.  I like this place better, mainly due to the variety of instructors.Place is very clean, nice staff, and really only complaint is that sometimes, the 5:30am weekday, and 7:00am weekend class gets too crowded.  I guess that its not their fault that so many people want to get up THAT early for yoga...
5	I absolutely love True Hot Yoga!  I never thought I would be able to get through a hot yoga class but with the help of such wonderful teachers, I did it.  The teachers at True are dedicated to their students.   The customer service is excellent!  I would recommend True to anyone who is interested in finding a new workout or just wants to change things up with their existing workout program.  True Hot Yoga is a great place to pick up a small gift for a special yogi as well.   They offer a kids yoga class on Sundays as well.
1	I have done hot yoga before, but I did not enjoy this place. I found them through a groupon and enjoyed that it was more of a flow hot yoga, however, the music was like a nightclub, especially for 6:30 in the morning! I found it very difficult to hear the instructor and somewhat agitating to a practice that is suppose to be of benefit. At the front desk I mentioned the loud music and that it was hard to hear instruction, but she just defended the instructor's choices and mentioned maybe I could try another one. When I asked who she would recommend, her answer was, 'well, I think all the instructors are good.' That just further proved that there is something not quite right about this yoga studio. I will not be back.
2	Love Arrowhead location, But this scottsdale location I do not care for at all..... The room i was in was VERY small ( compared to arrowhead ) , upon arriving everyone was very chatty and loud, WAY OVER CROWDED !! about 4 inches between my matt and the person next to me,...certain poses, the persons rear end was no more than an inch from my face (very awkward) phones not put on silent .. Im a newbie at this and purchased a groupon, Im so glad I tried the other location 1st and not this one or i would have never returned, I wish i didnt waste a class at this location. Im giving 2 stars because the Instructor John S. was amazing (wish he taught at the other one) otherwise I'd give 1 star.  My personal tip for newbies is to go to the other location, even if it is out of your way... Nicer studio, bigger room, quiet and more mature group of attendees :)
4	Wonderful teachers and a lovely space - this small studio is a great choice for for powerful flows or deliciously challenging Yin classes.  They have lots of props and a water cooler, but bring your own hand towels.Jessie Toporek's Yin class is amazing - her soothing tones and prop expertise will help you bear holding poses for long periods of time.  Take this class - though it can feel extremely relaxing, it will open you up and expand your flow practice.Shaelyn McCole's flow class is a can't-miss - wonderfully stretchy and strengthening, with a sequence so well-creafted that you might find yourself able to do things you didn't think you could.John Salisbury is just an incredible teacher - easily one of the top 5 I've ever taken.  His alignment cues will blow your mind, while his tunes make you smile.  I learn something in every class. A friend of mine is participating in his teacher training program and I hear it's absolutely illuminating. I look forward to taking it someday.
4	Got a Groupon and absolutely worth every penny- I have tried other hot yoga studios and this one is my favorite. They actually stretch your muscles and give you a work out all at the same time, I could see results within a week on my arms and legs. The classes are up beat and fun with a little bit of music- it makes the 90 minutes go by like a breeze. Lynn- is my favorite! The only thing is I wish the instructors would give more pointers to students, I know I can't be doing every position right all the time. It is very crowded too- so come early for a good spot.
5	I used to practice Bikram on a semi regular basis needless to say anyone who has been out of practice there is always a little anxiety when restarting any yoga practice but especially Bikram. So I dropped in on a class expecting more of a classical Bikram teaching, but I was told there where Bikram elements along with Flow. So I have taken a class at other "Hot Yoga" places that where Flow-like and never really enjoyed the practice. However I will say that I honestly LOVED this class and this studio. The teacher was phenomenal and she knew I was out of practice for a little while, she was great at guiding the class and going through the flows. The class itself was not super packed and the studio is beautiful and clean! Does not have that typical "funk" smell that you get with most "hot yoga" studios. I signed up for the new student 2 week deal which was like 20 bucks (so sweet). I have made it too another class so far and will definitely be getting back into practice. Namaste
5	Claire is my favorite yogi instuctor. I love this place and ambience.  There is no judgment and you can go at your own pace. Great yoga swag in the studio waiting room. Very clean place..
5	i am so in love with this place!!!!! This yoga class is the best in town (most) of the teachers are amazing and super friendly!!!! Gracie and lynn are by far my favorites they are always so sweet and helpful in class. I go to ASU and I don't have a whole lot of money to spare but this place is totally worth the money!!! The only downfall about this place i would have to say is david. Im sure he's a great guy but unfortunately I never got to see that side of him. My first class he yelled at me really intensely in front of everyeone about something I clearly didnt know about the rules of yoga. I was so embarrassed I ended up leaving class before it started. I didn't want to come back but i refuse to let one person ruin this place for me. Thanks to teachers like gracie and lynn I will continue to keep growing in my yoga practice.
5	From the moment I walked into True Hot Yoga, nearly five months ago, the authentically positive vibe was palpable. From the front desk staff to the instructors to the ownership -- everyone is genuine, wanting to see students succeed. Today my practice has deepened and heightened all at the same time. Truly a respite for Any Body, especially mine. A safe and soft place to land. And the heat?  It's hot, but lately, so am I!!
5	True hot yoga is more than just a yoga studio. I have tried and enjoyed several different types of yoga but nothing compares to true hot yoga. The staff is friendly and experienced. The instructors are knowledgeable and competent. This is a studio that truly deserves a 5 star rating.
3	True hot power is awesome. I love the challenge and the intensity. Unfortunately, they only have around one (or less) classes power a day and the rest are all true hot yoga, their classic sequence. I would give their true hot power five stars no doubt. I love that it has its own room separate from the rest of the studio and that it doesn't get too crowded but it's hard for me to go often because the schedule always cancels the power classes when I'm in town which is really upsetting considering my classes expire soon. I don't know why they put so much emphasis on the true hot yoga sequence. It's literally the same every time so there's no variation from teacher to teacher. What's the point? You can't even see how you've improved because your body knows exactly what's coming. I honestly cannot do those classes they are just too boring.I wish true hot would increase the amount of power yoga sessions they held and then I'd update this review.
