5	Up until a few years ago, I have always been terribly self-conscious about my smile. Among other things, my front two teeth were very crooked. Oddly enough, I'm finding it difficult to write about this even now, but I feel like I need to shout it from the mountain tops about how amazing this place is!When I finally decided that enough was enough, I went to Gibson Orthodontics by referral of my dentist and a co-worker of mine. I actually shed tears during my consultation with Dr. James Gibson and one of his staff members, Tiffany and I can't express my appreciation for how kind and understanding they were. They really went the extra mile in working with me on a payment plan and wasted no time in putting together my treatment plan. Dr. Gibson and his entire staff are professional, friendly, patient and just a bunch of fantastic people. The office is always immaculately clean and their equipment is very modern and up to date. They have office hours that accommodated my Mon-Fri, 8a-5p job and I could always count on them to schedule me in if something unexpected happened with my braces. I looked forward(and still do!) to every single visit even if the visits entailed new rubber bands or something that didn't feel very pleasant on the teeth. When I got my braces off, I was actually a little bummed because that meant I wouldn't be coming in as often - haha! Gibson Orthodontics completely changed how I felt about my smile. Before when I used to laugh or smile, I would hold my hand in front of my mouth. I can tell you that those days are long behind me. Now, when I laugh, I really laugh with no reservations. I feel confident and am overjoyed with my new smile. I will always be grateful to Dr. Gibson and his crew!P.S - They send out the best holiday cards to their patients. Very photogenic bunch! (:
5	Truly a rare find in the southern Nevada area....in terms of orthodontists or even in general terms for doctors in the healthcare profession. Dr. Gibson and his staff are genuinely caring people and he takes time to not only take care of your teeth but make you feel like a human and not just another number.  Great chair side manner and always takes time to ask how your day has been.  I'm an adult and he treats me as an adult patient, but I have observed him working with younger children and teenagers and he has the type of personality that makes people of all ages feel comfortable.  He is good at explaining the process and progress of the orthodontia work, and also makes sure you are satisfied with the outcome.  He never seems like he is trying to rush things to get you out the door, and he also has extended hours during the school year, which makes it convenient for any adults considering orthodontia.  If you don't mind driving....or even if you do mind driving....I would still recommend Dr. Gibson.  I went to several orthodontists for consultations before choosing to go with his clinic and hands down he was the right choice.
5	I can't say enough great things about Gibson Orthodontics.  Entire staff are friendly and very skilled.  Our entire experience exceeded what I expected.  My daughter's teeth turned out great.  If you are looking for an Orthodontist who is caring, skilled and obviously loves what he does, Dr Gibson is for you.
5	Honestly the very best staff in this city!  I can tell you from the sweet girls at the front desk to the ones doing the work to Dr Gibson himself, they are all wonderful!  Both my kids go there and have been many times and it's always the best attitudes from ALL OF THEM!  That's a rare thing in this town.
5	I can not stress enough what an amazing Dr. he is. Dr. Gibson took a chance with my case, referred me to an outstanding oral surgeon and gave me my smile back. He has returned my calls while on vacation, stayed late to help me, and accommodated  all the extra visits my care has called for. If you ever need orthodontics do not hesitate. There is no one better in town. I LOVE this office. The staff is very professional and caring. The office is extremely clean and they have state of the art equipment. Its rare to find care that is so outstanding you feel like you should leave the braces on forever. Thank you ALL for everything. We are patients for life. :)
5	You really could not find a more friendly, professional bunch. They did a great job on my two oldest kids' teeth and are making great progress with my third kid.
