4	I'm on my way to Concordia and hungry when I passed Nilufar. Having remembered getting decent $0.99 falafel there a while back I decided to try it for something more substantial. I ordered a shish taouk platter that came quickly enough, and it wasn't terrible. Really, the best part about it was that it was $6.75 after tax which is amazing for any meal. Not the most amazing shish taouk I've ever had, but I'd definitely go back,
5	Only 1 review on this place?!! For the lovely and affordable price of ONLY 2 dollars, you get soup, a felafel and a drink!!! Did I mention this gem is vegan friendly. Nilufar is definitely no frills when it comes to atmosphere, but WHO cares when you get a deal this reasonable and tasty. In fact there should be more of this in Montreal, our stomachs and pocket books would thank you.
4	Finding healthy eats is challenging these days unless you're willing to pay a premium price.  Restaurant Nilufar bucks that trend by delivering simple and healthy middle eastern cuisine at a great value.Small and unassuming, the restaurant is a no frills establishment within walking distance of Concordia. The owners are friendly and prices start at less than $2 for a wrap.  A satisfying lunch with a drink can be had for less than $6 and a massive amount of food can be yours for less than $10 bucks.The vegetarian falafel wrap is some of the best food you can get in Montreal for under $2 bucks. Two crispy on the outside moist on the inside falafels wrapped in a flour tortilla filled with shredded lettuce and then topped with tahini sauce and add hummus, babaganoush, or another spread for a bit extra.If a wrap isn't going to cut it for you, then go for a hearty plate of rice, nan bread and a variety of middle eastern sides and mains, many of which are displayed in the deli counter and look delightful.  The focus here is on great food at a great value, everything else is just a distraction.
4	Must certainly be the best $1.29 lunch in North America.I had a falafel. It was small, yes, but really enough and quite good. If I lived in the neighborhood, I would go here all the time.
4	SOUP. FALAFEL. DRINK. $2 (+tax).It's not a big falafel, and the quality is no Boustan, but it's still two dollars for a full meal. Not to be messed with.
3	I've had terrible meals at twice the cost in the Concordia area for similar food (La Ficelle).The great thing about this place is the price, it's 30-40 % cheaper than elsewhere,  portions are 20% smaller and the food is not amazing, but you kind of know that going in.How they can survive downtown rent prices with their menu offerings is beyond me. Their decor is student friendly and the people behind the cash are very nice. You kind of get what you pay for, but for those without a big appetite and a small budget, it's a good option.But just don't expect the greatest shish taouk plate and you'll be fine.
4	How had I not discovered the $2 trio earlier? I will soon be duchess no doubt. The windows that line the front of the restaurant allow plenty of light despite it being slightly lower than street level. The cashier was a doll and you could tell by listening to her interactions with regulars that she's part of the charm and reason for the repeat business. I splurged the extra 25 cents for garlic sauce in my wrap and I would suggest you do the same. I was impressed at the significant choice of soups and was pleasantly surprised that they make a point of serving the juice in a larger-than-normal styrofoam cup rather than something that doesn't hold more than a juice-box. You won't find a better lunch for $2, that I can guarantee.
3	Disappointing return visit. Older lady working the counter wasn't particularly pleasant or informative. Handed me a random pea soup despite never having taken a moment to advise me that the other 5 usual options wouldn't be ready for x amount of time. Didn't try to up sell me on the 25 cents for garlic sauce even though it's either that or busy. Generally disappointed. Food was still fine.
5	The owner is amazing and friendly, the food is amazing and cheap - what else could I ask for! As a broke stupid living beside Concordia, Nilufar becomes my second home when it comes to food. The food is always fresh and did I mention CHEAP?!!!!! How can you have something SO amazing and mouth watering and have it be less than $2... its witchcarft.... no but really I dont care what it is, the food, the price and the amazing service is what keeps me coming back!Also best falafs I've ever had in my life. No Big Deal.
4	Defiantly good bang for your buck but if you don't want something that's been sitting around for a whole ask for it fresh.
5	I've been coming here since 2005. I could eat here daily- best falafel for the price, so great, so friendly, always busy & super quick. Love it!
