2	The newest Hooters in Charlotte but the same old servers. I mean no offense to the young ladies, but I think I rather see half of them in T-shirts and Jeans.Odd location for a hooters... ZERO traffic during the day with no chance in the world of a suit walking in and in the night you have nothing but business travelers from the Marriott looking for Ms. Right Now.Sorry... old enough to be over that scene but young enough to still want a good scene.  Not here.
5	Our out of town group headed to this Hooters to watch some football & relax after a day of meetings.  Our Hooters Girl was fresh out of training and served us all well.  The manager was very accommodating to us and made sure the football game was on the tv's nearest us so we all had a great view.  We had a new Hooters newbies with us, and I think they left impressed.This Hooters is impressively large for a downtown location.  Plenty of seating including an outdoor patio.
4	The burger I had was fairly decent, but the service and server Renia was amazing.  Best time I have ever had watching Major League Lacrosse!
2	All right.  If you're a straight lady going to Hooters then you're going for the wings.  Am I right?  Unless you're trying to prove something.  And I think I've been good about saying this - heck, I haven't had to say it yet because the QC has been a pleasant surprise for the most part - but every Hooters in Chicagoland has better wings than this Hooters.  Hell, the Hooters in Puerto Vallarta had better wings.  These were not as flavorful, the batter was not as... I don't know, flakey I suppose.  They were extremely mediocre.  Now I prefer to go to a small local joint over a chain most of the time, I prefer to try something new.  So dang it, if I want Hooters wings, they need to taste like Hooters wings!  Standardization, people!Bah. Well, the server was sweet at least.  Sometimes when a couple walks into a Hooters, they get snubbed a bit because the waitresses are all leaning over the horny businessman tables trying to get tips. But Shaun (I think that was how it was spelled) was nice.
3	Considering Hooter's isn't known for it's food, and that my friends always have a good time, I gave Hooters 3 stars where I would normally give 1 star.  The food is the absolute worst of any chain restaurant, bar none.  I would eat McDonald's before eating Hooter's.  I love, love, LOVE wings and sadly Hooter's can't even do a decent wing.But the waitresses are always very friendly, what more could you want to gape (I mean gaze) at while nursing a healthy buzz and watching football?
1	they need to shut this place down and open a wendys or something....came thursday night, nearly empty, came with 6 other people, waitress got everyones order wrong except mine...friends ordered boneless wings and came bone in they were too lazy to say anything, i asked her if she could take it back and get boneless she said its the same thing as boneless just with the bone.....FAIL
2	Look, men don't go to Hooters for the food.  We go to Hooters to stare at hot girls and to flirt with them.  Of course it helps if the waitstaff is friendly.  I've been to this Hooters location 3 or 4 times and only once did I have a friendly waitress, who sat with me and chatted with me for a bit.  The other times, I was pretty much ignored by my waitress, who took my food order, brought out my food, and gave me my check, all without any chatting, conversation, or visiting my table to flirt.  I mean, I can go to any bar in town for that.  I go to Hooters because I want a cute girl in a skin tight outfit to pretend that she's into me.  That's part of the appeal.  After being ignored the last couple of times I haven't gone back.
1	If you could look up "Doing It Wrong" in the dictionary there would be a picture of the Uptown Hooters next to it.A group of 9 of us (8 guys and me) went for a friend's birthday because they had ordered the UFC fight. The fact that even with the fight the place was half empty on a Saturday night should have said something, but we set in and ordered up food anD beers. Since we were a large group we were given two waitresses but they didn't coordinate so items we ordered kept not being entered. After the initial round of food all we were ordering was beer but even with an average order to table time of over 20 minutes we were still missing some pints (this may be because one of the waitresses said she was too young to serve beer so she had to relay the orders to a bartender who then forgot them).You would think that after paying around a grand to be able to show the fight they would actually do so, and you would be wrong. They forgot to put it on until we reminded them and a few times switched the channel to King of Queens. When it was on, it was so low you couldn't hear, which was odd since it was the only thing our entire section was watching. Apparently the manager was the only one who could change it back and if I were him, after hearing one of the waitresses whine out my name at the top of her lungs every 5 minutes, I wouldn't be on my A game either. I feel sorry for you, David.My bar for the food was low since it's Hooters (the breasts and thighs they specialize in aren't on a chicken). But even though I was drinking water, not beer, all night I still got sick later that night. Bar: not met.So, bad service, lack of beer, poor fight showing, and questionable food. Yeah, I won't be going back.
2	Since apparently it's the only place uptown that has the Saturday night fights, we checked into Hooters for a few drinks and little UFC... This was not my first trip to a Hooters, but my first time to this location, though really - what's the difference? Girls in unflattering outfits (yes, some pull it off, but a lot do not), sub par food, odd amounts of parents with their children, and enough liquor to quench your thirst. We were seated near plenty of TVs, ordered our drinks and everything seemed fine. We were checked on just enough (every time our drinks hit 2/3 empty) and from what I could tell, it was going to be a decent few hours even though out of every corner of my eye I could see a child squirming around in their chair. Then, there was the shift change... new waitress, new division of tables, and adios decent service! I could catch glimpses of her bleached hair, but could never make eye contact so our drinks sat empty, and then we had to wait forever for the check, and then even longer for her to come back with my card... I would have been a little more understanding if they were slammed, but for a bar uptown on a Saturday night, they weren't even close.If I ever find myself in this Hooters again, I'm going to sit at the bar.
3	HOOTERS IS HOOTERS... SO what else could be explained??Not really worried/care about other people and them bringing their kids to Hooters. (My sister took my lil man so much when I took em.. everybody know HIM...talk about a humbling experience.. my son is 10yrs old... lmao)Anyway, I usually get the same thing all the time.. (see pic)Sometimes I think they get a lilttle ahead of themselves. I like my chicken wings bones to be brown... not PINK (you may need to tell them to cook it XTRA CRISPY)other than that, and I don't' believe they free pour. iTS not much new here. It is what it is!!!
1	Management sucks...messed up my money and had a hair in my drink. Too much to explain, just really annoyed by my visit. The waitresses, poor management, and lack  of caring for customers made my  visit horrible. I made a call to their hotline after being brushed off by the manager...such a shame :(. I'd give this place less than one star if I could.
1	This place is hot, over crowded and if you're really lucky, some hammered idiot at the table next to you will vomit on his food and his drunk ass buddy will still eat the food he threw up on. If you see the yellow caution tripod at a table near you....yep another drunk tossed his chicken....that means their hazmat crew has just cleaned up a barfectomy.  They even used a bleach bottle to spray this area down after they kicked vomit boy out.  Can you imagine the aroma of the combo of wings and clorox? The service was slow.  The waitress got the drink order wrong.  But she did thank us for not vomiting and being good "sports" after watching the guy next to us hurl.  I say, do not go here. Find another place nearby...I'm sure the Champion's in the Marriott right across the street will have better food and a better atmosphere.
3	It is typical bar & grill food. Obviously, most of the people are there for the "atmosphere" rather than the food. The staff is lazy and fools around a lot. The food is hit or miss. Only bother eating there on weekdays when they have specials otherwise it is really pricey for mediocre food.
4	I have never sat at a table, but that's because I am not there to eat. I stop in for beers after work. Usually 1 or 2. This place is well lit, clean and plenty of TVs. The bartenders are friendly and don't normally initiate the conversation, but will easily entertain you if you want to talk. One of my favorite after work spots.
3	I have no excuse for being a patron here one quiet Monday evening. Well, my excuse was that Champions in the Marriott hotel across the street was serving me poorly (charging me for beers they didn't bring) and I didn't want to walk around Uptown too much for another pint of suds. I had some Sierra Nevada on tap and watched UFC fighting for the first time. Scary stuff! The "eye candy" here wasn't all that appealing, or perhaps I wasn't in the mood. After all, it was a Monday night.
2	Why does this hooter's get a two star compared to any other hooters? The staff.  Pretentious ladies.  I come here to grab some food and beers sometimes when i want to see the UFC fights.  Unfortunately sitting at the bar even on a slow UFC night I am pretty much invisible.  Service takes forever and sometimes I feel like its  a chore for them to get me a beer.  Hell they drop the beer and turn away before I can utter thank you.  It gets 2 stars for having the fights, beer, and reasonable prices.
1	The place was very busy because of a good PPV was being shown, then all of the sudden the security staff of the place started freaking out for no reason, and started creating the worse imaginable kaos to the point that they turn away a very patient line of people using the police of the city. SHAME ON THEM!!!
1	Very slow service.  I had to wait a long time just to get a server and the good came out even slower with hardly anybody in the restaurant.
1	Terrible service, no class, could not handle our party of 20 people. They never brought people's food out, messed up orders, and did zero accommodations for their mess ups. Worst Hooters I've ever been to in 10 years!!
2	This Hooters has the sorriest service known to man, especially considering it's never busy during the day. I went to pick up a takeout order. There were literally 5 people at the bar. I waited 7 minutes before the waitress, Brittany, acknowledged my existence. The actual food was fine this go around. It's hit and miss. Just never come here in a rush. You will leave frustrated.
1	I called in a pickup order and realize during our conversation that the normal celery garnish is not included any more and there would be an extra charge if I wanted the celery. We order 20 sections (equal to 10 full wings) and they only gave a 1oz (ranch or blue cheese) dipping sauce; the wing would not fit into the container it's so small. Any extra dipping sauce the same size, would cost an extra .89 cents. The wing were very greasy and the drumette sections had more fat than meat the flats were mediocre. Overall I wasted $20.
4	Ended up here on a Saturday night looking for drinks and food. Epicenter was way too crowded and overpriced. Had a wonderful server, Nichelle! She was friendly and funny and on top of things. She recommended a drink that was highly tasty. The Bud in the bottle was nice and cold as well. They also have Lemon Drops for only $4.75. One cocktail at a certain place in Epicenter is $13.00! My husband had a Buffalo Chicken sandwich and the breast (this is Hooter's, after all) was HUGE! Nice selection of wing sauces. Ask for a sample. Dipper fries were crispy and delicious. I had a Shrimp PoBoy that was good with lettuce and tomato on a soft bread. Great service and great experience overall!
3	Wings, beer & lot's of......TOTS! The loaded tots are awesome.Came here the other day and had their chicken sandwich and it was pretty good.My coworker got the club and he enjoyed his sandwich as well.We were seated right away & our server was friendly.Parking can be tough since this place is in the middle of uptown but if you manage to find a close enough parking spot, this is a good place to grab a quick lunch.
