5	I am a bit apprehensive being the first to review Pearls.  That being said, I am not going to miss the opportunity to be the first to give this place 5 stars.The owner is phenomenal.  I cannot say enough about her "radar" for when to talk to you, when to leave you alone, and when to just be AWESOME.  She is a lot of fun to chat with (for both the husband and I) and we get a kick out of her.The items in her store are always in great condition.  It is impossible to leave without finding some little treasure, or big treasure, actually.The location, admittedly, can be a trick to find.  However, driving by and then turning around is no big deal - just do it!!!Pearls is organized like a department store.  You have hats, jewelry, knick-knacks, dresses, skirts, shoes, pants, an entire mens department, a kitchen/household area, nice fitting rooms, seating...Can I gush any more?  Basically if you are into retro/vintage or just having a good time shopping... you need to check this place out.And on a side note:  I would like to see a lot of tourists in here.  Locals + tourists = great business.
5	For those of you who don't know, Pearls was formerly Cheap Thrills, except new name and new location. My girlfriend and I first came across this place while shopping for decor for our new apartment and we've been hooked ever since.Jeanne, the owner, is simply one-of-a-kind. She is such a great person and has a wonderful eye for all things vintage and retro, especially women's and men's vintage clothing. If you ever get a chance to sit down and chat with her you won't be disappointed.The thing I love most about Pearls is that there are always new items to see every time you go in and it's nearly impossible not to fall in love with everything in the store.Pearls definitely deserves 5 stars!
5	Jeanne's new store is fantastic. I stopped in last Saturday just to see her new digs, and ended up leaving with two new-to-me bracelets and a spoon ring made by a new local artist. Pearls has a great selection of vintage clothes (for women AND men), jewelry, handbags, and housewares. And the space is open, organized, and easy to browse through. When I was in, Jeanne's mother was working, and she's just as fun to chat with as her daughter. Great stuff, great atmosphere, and great people working there = 5 stars from me!
5	My hubby and I were spending the weekend at the Morongo Casino with a group of friends. The challenge: we each had $20 to spend on an outrageous outfit to wear for the weekend (inspired by the song, no doubt). I lamented that Cheap Thrills wasn't around anymore, because I knew Jeanne would help find the perfect outfit. Google sent me to Pearls, and I was thrilled to walk in and find Jeanne at the front counter! She helped me find the perfect Liz Taylor-inspired look, complete with martini glass loafers.Just as Cheap Thrills used to be, Pearls is the perfect location for reasonably priced vintage clothes, jewelry, handbags, shoes, etc.
