2	Mmmmmmm..... I'm afraid I can't really agree with the other reviewer. The restaurant IS older and it shows. The corporation needs to put some money into this place. The ceiling tiles are old and very yellowed either due to past smoking, or just age. Speaking of smoke...the place smells like burnt food when you walk in.  The men's room is a throwback to the 70's and I don't mean that in a good/retro way. It is in a BAD state of repair and even if it IS clean, it wouldn't look like it was.The food seems hit and miss. I've been here three times and during the visit that I would call the best the food was only "OK". In my opinion, for the quality and quantity of the food... it's WAY overpriced. The pie that everybody rants and raves about  leaves me puzzled. I have tried three different varieties and honesty, I've had WAY better. I would give it away too!!! (Weds. free pie deal) Maybe I'm just getting the last of the day's selections but I'd rather eat Mrs. Smith's frozen pies from my own oven.Service is also a spin of the wheel, it seems. One time I got got great service, once it was only marginal, and the last time I had to literally go find someone to take my order. Now... in all honesty, I DO tend to go late in the eve. (after 9PM).MESSAGE TO OWNERSHIP: Invest a little money for repairs and training in this place before you're forced to close it!!!
2	Ate there at lunch today and it took 45 minutes to get a hamburger and patty melt. $23 for both including tax! Won't go back soon. Advised the manager but he just offered that they were "short handed". 2 stars only because I was really hungry.
3	OK..... They remodeled the place so I felt like I should do an update since my first review was critical about how dated the place was. HOWEVER, they didn't touch the restrooms. GENIUS!!!! Did you save $7.00 by skipping those nasty ol' things??? Service is still hit and miss as is the food quality but at least the place looks and smells better EXCEPT the bathrooms, of course.  :^/
2	I have been to this Village Inn maybe three times in the last 2 1/2 years. Each time could have been much better. This most recent was tonight. Everything seemed to be going well right off, but as we waited for our food a cashier asked a customer if they wanted their receipt to fill out a survey. The older customer complained about how she didn't want to do it if it involves anything with a computer and some other things. As she left out the door the two waitresses gossiped and carried on about the lady and were quite rude and even though we were sitting right next to the front desk, it wasn't hard to hear anywhere in the area. Many servers walked by and kept filling my brother's Diet Coke. No one touched my water for the longest time and it wasn't even a 1/4 full and it was maybe a 6" tall glass (heard another server telling other customers they ran out of regular glasses) and figured they would be back more often. They refilled it twice with water. However, brother got 6 refills no second thought on pop. It wasn't just one server, she hardly came back. Others noticed and tried to take care of us. I got the fish and chips with carrots. But it came with coleslaw and no toast. She said the toast wasn't done yet and would be out in a minute. Waitress didn't notice the carrot mixup. When she came back we were halfway done and I said that I thought I was supposed to have gotten carrots. She brought me carrots right out, still no toast or word of it. The carrots were very soupy and over cooked. They were said to be honey glazed carrots...When we were done our waitress came over and announced she was going on break and so and so would serve us now. Cleaned our table of plates and no one, not even other servers ever walked past our table again. Someone at one point laid pie on the table and was gone before I could see who it was. I thought the pies were to go, waited for a while, still no one ever came by. Stood up and laid my ticket on the counter and asked for a box and stated "No one has been back at all." Took my money, asked if I wanted a receipt, that was it.My brother's fries looked like 'bottom of the barrel' fries as he put it. They were indeed very greasy and soggy looking while I was given a 1/4  of a lemon slice to put on my fish. My brother also stated the onion rings were very tasteless. I must say the fish was very good compared to fish I have had other places lately. The manager was at the front desk a few times trying to show workers stuff. Hopefully he's new and can straighten things out there. I won't be going back after the terrible past service and to see that nothing has really improved and people were a little off this round, might not change soon.
4	Been a couple of times now. Staff always attentive. Food fresh and lots of choice. Would go again and recommend. Free wifi a bonus. Oh, also Wednesday is free slice of pie day when you order a meal!
2	Went for breakfast. Service was friendly and fairly speedy. Unfortunately food is mediocre at best, can't say anything really good or bad  about quality.  What I can say is it was a bit small for the price. Denny's and Coco's are much better.
3	Love pie rush free slice of pie. I always end up coming back for a whole pie after trying a new one. The blackberry bavarian was only here for January and I wish they would make it an everyday pie. The prices are good and the breakfast is the best. I love the VIB. What stops me from giving 4 stars is the fact that some lunch and dinner items taste like they came from a can. For instance, beef soup, turkey, and cranberry sauce are not that great. Also, the server named Cindy really needs to improve. I don't want her to be fired but I have had her several times and she is forgetful, slow, and inattentive. If I order anything special or extra, she gets it wrong. And heaven forbid you ask for a box to go, she will forget. She never even offers a free slice of pie on pie rush days, she just leaves the check on your table. She doesn't ask if you need anything. She just drops the food off then drops off the check. And it takes her FOREVER to do anything. The first time we had her we tipped our typical 25% thinking she was having a bad day. The second time we had her we sat down and there was a $1 tip left on the table. We thought either someone was cheap or maybe they had Cindy. Sure enough it was Cindy and sure enough she gave the same bad service. We did not over-tip as we usually do, but she still got a 15% tip from us because we know servers depend on that for bills at home, but from now on we will request another waitress so we can tip someone well who actually deserves it. I hope she gets the chance to improve, but service can make a huge difference in the way we rate an eatery.
2	My parents took me for dinner. My mom and dad ordered the fish and I got the cobb salad. The fork that they gave me had dried food on it. Really disgusting and quite gross. The salads took over 10 minutes to arrive. We were never offered refills on our drinks. At least the food tasted pretty good. Will not go back for a while.
2	Stopped in for dinner around five (dinner time).  We were greeted and seated right away.  Our drink order was taken by an employee who appeared to be the manager.  After that it appeared some type of a shift change was going on.  After our order was taken it was a very long time for our food to arrive.  Our drink glasses went empty.  When the food did arrive it was good.  We were given pieces of pie on the way out due to our wait.  Had the food arrived and drinks refilled this would have been a 4 star review.  With the very long wait I feel I am being generous with a 2.
