5	I was driving down San Tan Blvd. on my way to "The Deli" & I saw this new spot open in a brand new building that had just gone up.  I decided to give it a try because I love new local spots, given our limited number of choices out here in the QC.  I also love to support local small mom & pop businesses like this.The 5 stars is for the pizza I had.  The owners are native to Chicago, so they know pizza right?  YES, they do.  It was not typical Chicago style with thick crust, but it was a pretty good mix of thin crust & thick - pizzaria style - my favorite.  I really did enjoy the sauce, the crust - everything about it.  I had a good chat with the owner too, and they are awesome people ... good service.  They are still working on the look inside, but have some great ideas in getting the local community involved (kids bringing their own sports pictures in and putting them on the wall etc.)  Sounds fun - my kids already have been begging!  They serve BBQ stuff (pulled pork etc. Gyros, pasta, salads - my wife had a salad she loved) lots of choices for everybody and the kids loved all their choices.   Anyway - I can't wait to go back and give some other stuff a try.
4	We read Matt's review and thought we would try JJ's.  My wife Kids & I  walked in and were greeted by the owner who was very nice and helpful.  We ordered a Pizza, Greek salad & basket of fries.  We talked to her for a few minutes before we sat down about where they were from in Chicago, etc.  She mentioned that they planned on decorating the walls with kids sports pictures similar to Uncle Bears did with dog photos (Next time we're in, we will bring the kids soccer photos).We sat down,  the dining room was open with lots of space & tables for larger parties & family's. There were TV's all over so it would be a great place to sit and have a beer with pizza and watch the game.  Our food was brought out quickly and it was great.  The Greek salad was large enough for 3 people to share and it was awesome.  The lettuce was crisp and everything was fresh,  The Mediterranean dressing was perfect on the salad.  The fries also came at the same time they brought the salad .  The kids loved the fries, the fries were hot and crispy and none were soggy.  After a while the pizza came out.  it was great, very hot,  perfect amount of cheese, sauce etc.  Its not thin crust & not thick crust.  its the perfect mix of both.  It tasted great!!!This is a great local place in QC if you want to try something different from the normal Pizza places around QC.  Its very family friendly and the owners are great.  We'll be back!!!
1	I have no idea what the other reviewers were thinking. The food was terrible. We ordered chicken wings in two flavors. The flavor of each were fine nothing to write home about, but the actually chicken wings looked more like pigeon wings. They were small, bony and had no meat on them - truly disgusting. It was hard to even look at the little nuggets of carnage laying before us on the table. I am not a person that likes to look at their food and actually see the animal it came from. We also ordered a pizza with sausage and green peppers on half. Can you say bland? There was no kick of flavor at all.The thing I find sad is that the owners are so nice. They were very friendly just like you would expect from a Chicago-family owned pizza joint. Their desire to make it a local family pizzeria is honorable, but I don't think they can hang enough kid's sports pictures on the wall to overcome the quality of the food. I wish them the best because they are going to have a major struggle keeping the doors open with the food they are serving.
4	delicious pizza with very nice owners....
5	just stumbled across this place last week. We've eaten here twice now and the food is stellar. Best fresh onion rings I've had in years. The gyros, wings, and souvlaki were also fantastic. Food is reasonably priced and the portions are very generous. 6 stars.
4	So I wanted pizza one day but the local places just don't measure up. I remembered driving down San Tan Blvd in Queen Creek and J J's. The first time had a chicken pita, it was delicious! Husband & wife owned & run. Greek food yes, but I thought, pizza? Well let me tell you, this Italian girl can't be fooled. The pizza was awesome. Perfect crust, not thick not thin, just right. The sauce was tasted like my grandma made it. Cheese was not lacking. Looking forward to trying some of their specialty pizzas. The best pizza in town.
5	The pizza at JJ's is very good. Most definitely Chicago style.  I actually prefer New York thin crust but my wife likes it thick. It is not as thick as the pizza I had in Chicago but is certainly not a thin crust and it is a pie. We also tried and recommend the Gyro's. This is a mom and pop style restaurant and the service is very good. They do a big lunch crowd and are slower in the evening. You should give this place a try for take-out or dine-in if you live in the SE Gilbert area near Seville.
4	Dont go to this place to order the usual.  The jumbo hot wings were perfectly cooked and sauced. Highly recommend the Mediterranean dressing. It was light and the spices were fantastic on the side salad. We had the garlic bread side. It was a decent price and tasted good dipped in the Mediterranean dressing. We had a barbecue pizza. While the sauce was top shelf (prepackaged) it was not our favorite. The chicken topping was tender and awesome. The crust was homemade and so full of flavor. The owner said he has been making it for 19 years. I believe him as it was the best non-thin crust I've ever had. In all, a pleasant surprise. We didn't want the "out of a can" experience and it wasn't. I recommend ordering the unique and authentic, prepared onsite menu items. You won't be disappointed.
1	No Longer in Business - Now a Mexican Joint....haven't tried it yet...
