4	I bought my wedding dress here and I was very impressed with pretty much everything here.  The staff was very kind and helpful and even shared in my excitement of choosing a wedding dress.  It felt like I was with friends.  The store is a decent size with a very wide variety of wedding dresses.  They have dude stuff too.  I was very impressed with the girls who helped me because I didn't have a picture of the dress I wanted with me, but they helped me narrow it down and we found "The One."  They are also very good at finding dresses that may also fit your tastes.  Overall, it was just such a pleasant experience and I would recommend it to anyone.  Oh, they will also steam and press your dress right before the big day so it's all beautiful.
3	This place did not have the selection I was hoping for.  Some of the dresses seemed dirty when I was trying them on.  Leftover makeup.  The store smelled like a used clothing store.  The staff was great and extremely helpful.
4	Good deal! I came to Carrillo's after going to about 8 other bridal stores/boutiques all around the East Valley. By that point, I had tried on so many gowns that I had a much better idea of what I wanted. I tried on a few and found that I didn't quite fall in love with any of the styles they carried in store. However, Elizabeth was the kind lady that assisted me, and she took such care in helping me search for the right dress. I exited the store still undecided, but left with a good impression of Elizabeth's courteousness and experience. I happened to find THE DRESS at another shop, but they wanted to sell me the dress for more than I was willing to spend. So, I did my research and called around - got lied to by a number of stores that claimed there was no way my dress could be sold for almost 30% off the suggested retail price. Carrillo's was selling my dress at an already reduced price, then offered an extra 20% off! When I had a question, Elizabeth immediately jumped on the phone with the designer while I was with her in the store, and confirmed what I needed. My dress came in earlier than anticipated by about 2 weeks, and since I moved, Carrillo's even offered to ship the dress to me to another state for a very very low S&H price. Highly recommended!!
1	Deceitful!! After visitng several tuxedo rental stores I chose carrillos because they offered great specials on Prom tuxedo rentals. I chose specific After Six tuxedos and made sure my receipt was correct. I placed two orders each on seperate dates. They gave us generic jackets on both orders! completely different to what was displayed and ordered!
3	Good selection.  Nice staff.  Reasonable prices.  Found a few dresses that I liked.  Definitely more of a "do-it-on-your-own" type of store, however the lady that did check on us every so often was very nice.  This was the first store that I went to and it held the top two dresses for the next three stores.  Then I found THE ONE (at a different store), and it was all over.  Nothing in the store blew me away, dresses or service, but it was a good place to start and I had fun trying on dresses for my wedding!
2	Look, when you go to a bridal shop you expect great service. I mean you are likely to spend hundreds if not thousands of dollars, and I was treated indifferent/borderline rude at Carillo's. The man that greeted us at the tux counter when we walked in was very nice but the woman in charge of wedding dresses was cold. She greeted me and didn't make eye contact. I had my two daughters and my mother-in-law with me. She looked at them, then at my wedding rings, and stared at me with a look that clearly said she was confused to why I would want to look at wedding dresses. Feeling self conscious, I explained that my hubby and I are renewing our wedding vows next November and I was just starting to look at dresses. She acted annoyed like I was interrupting her and asked what type of dresses I liked. I told her that I wanted to see some lace detailing and and also convertible or two-in-one dresses which are dresses that are long for the wedding and then convert into a short dress for the reception. She looked at me like I was nuts and shook her head, saying that she didn't have either of those really. That she might have one zip off skirt dress. Then asked me my size. I told her that I am considered plus size in wedding gowns so she took me over to their quite limited plus size selection. She said they had no lace in plus size.My MIL mentioned that I liked Kate Middleton's gown. She then frowned and took me over to another section and proceeded to show me her sample gown of the replica K.M. dress. Then after I announced that I thought it was beautiful, she crinkled her nose and said, "It's interesting, I guess." and then ranted for another 3-4 minutes about how it was the biggest waste of their money and that the manufacturer stopped carrying them because they weren't popular enough so now they were stuck with their sample size as no one wanted it. If I were a size 10 in a wedding dress I might have purchased it on the spot, had she not made me feel dumb for liking the style. My youngest began to fuss at that point, they were both in their double stroller, and this woman frowned at her and said, "Well it's hot, I wouldn't be happy either. Most people don't bring kids to try on dresses, you can't let them run around or anything.", then made some small talk about the heat. I would never dream of letting the girls run around a store full of expensive dresses, but it was like she was warning me to not even think about it. I began browsing through the dresses and quickly found 3 that I liked and thought about trying them on but she was missing for 10 minutes and my little one was getting more and more upset. If she had given us a room I would have tried them on and let my MIL hold the baby which would have calmed her down. I also would have potentially purchased one since the prices were quite fair. But since she was MIA and my daughter was getting cranky I decided to leave. I told her that we would maybe come back and she said, "Yes that might be a good idea. Have your husband take the kids next time." I mean my girls were kind of loud a few times but not anything terrible, plus they had no other customers in the shop. Whatever, I won't be heading back and I cannot recommend them.Two stars instead of 1 because the tux guy was friendly and she did attempt to be civil even though she failed pretty much. I would say that if she is the owner she should hire some super friendly, knowledgeable consultants and stay in the back office. True consultants know you don't put-off your clients by insulting their sense of style right off the bat. Each person is different and you're not all going to have the same taste.  Also being attentive and friendly gets more sales than being rude and indifferent.
1	this place sucked.  plain and simple.  we had just finished cheers-ing with champagne for the very beginning of my sister's trying-on of wedding gowns, and a trashy lady and her mom walked past us into the store yelling "If you're gonna get married, DONT DO IT!" then approached us in the store to try to sell us her dress before she puts it on craigslist bc she's getting a divorce.  a perfect intro to this place and how it's run. temperature was over 80 degrees, she was sweating and it was incredibly hot trying on each dress. when asked for a clip to help with the back of the dress, the lady responded, "so NOW you want my help?" after 3 dresses we got the heck outta there and instead went to Brilliant Bridal in Mesa...it was fantastic!!
1	I purchased a bridesmaid dress from here because they were the closest shop that carried the dress brand. When I got measured the attendant said I was a perfect size 4. I have never been a size four so I requested to try on a dress by the same brand. They only had a size 8, which felt only slightly big in some areas. I requested a size 6 (my normal size) versus their recommended size 4. The lady threw a fit. She wrote all over my receipt how I went against her recommendations and then stormed off to find someone else to finish the sale. Well, I got my dress after a 3 month long wait (much longer than the other bridesmaids in other locations had to wait). AND THE DRESS WAS TOO SMALL. Now it's three weeks until the wedding and I have to hope and pray a local seamstress can let the dress out enough for me to zip it up.
5	I went into the store today with the bride-to-be so we could pick out my bridesmaid dress. The staff was very friendly from the second we walked in! We told the owner when the wedding was and he advised us that certain dresses would be very tight on arrival so he steered us to the dresses that would come in with time to spare. I picked out several to try on, even two that were pinned to mannequins in the window! But they politely pulled them for me. We found my dress! I'm happy, but most of all, the bride is happy! We had awesome customer service and the owner was extremely helpful and knowledgeable. If I ever need another bridesmaid dress, or maybe one day a wedding dress, this is where I'll go!
