5	I noticed this restaurant the other day as I was passing by where Blanc Rouge used to be and decided to pop in. I generally have a pretty negative expectation of Japanese places in this city (outside of Kazu and Furusato mainly) so when my sushi was served I wasn't sure what to expect. I'm happy to say that Ryo-tei joins that small class of authentically delicious and (mostly) affordable japanese restaurants in the city. The menu had a nice mix of plates and a heavy focus on sashimi/nigiri instead of makis which was nice to see. I ordered a sushi assortment which was incredible. Fish was moist, fresh, and pretty much perfect. I've never had nigiri this good in the plateau. We also ordered a bento box that was filled with both sweet and savoury treats, all delicious. All told you're looking to spend about 25-30$ per person.What really made it a great experience was the service. Things were running a little slow as the waiter informed us this was their first real busy day since opening roughly a month ago, but the head chef apologized to us and brought us some extra treats of shrimp and salad on the house. Really friendly and warm folks.I'm planning on returning and trying their pork cutlet curry on rice, it looks fantastic. Try this place out.
5	I've heard that Japanese cuisine in Montreal isn't the best, but that's probably because those people haven't been here!Get sashimi or nigiri!!! Freshest fish I've had and the plating is spectacular.Get anything made with their housemade dashi. Their miso soup had such complexity and depth. Tempura was great, tempura sauce even better.It's fairly new establishment so him and his staff put a lot of effort and care into the dishes they prepare. You see it, you can taste it. I was very pleasantly surprised that Montreal has a taste for the furusato. Keep it up and soon enough this place will flow in with customers.Gochisousamadeshita!
4	This visit started with a rather big shock. Based on reviews from other Yelpers, I was hoping to find one of the best sushi place in town (I have yet to find a place where they served good sushi at reasonable price in Montreal... I have been spoiled while living in San Francisco)... but they DON'T SERVE SUSHI ANYMORE!We almost decided to go elsewhere but it is not easy finding an alternative in a few minutes notice. So we decided to stick around and eat the type of Japanese fare that they now serve. I had a bento box where I must say everything was excellent from the soup, the salad to the tempura and even some pieces of sashimi not to forget the main piece of meat (I think it was pork katsu).Service was nice and prices were reasonable. The restaurant was empty for most of our meal until a group of japanese patrons came for what appeared to be a celebration of sort.All in all, fine experience, just don't expect sushi.
5	Wow. I'm in love with presentation of food here at this restaurant.  This Japanese restaurant is I'm pretty sure authentic based on my visit and prior reviews. The waitress was attentive, the chefs (they brought out our meals) were extremely professional and courteous...I ordered a bento box and it had so many different choices of food to try. I really appreciated the portions as well.  It was not typically large portions like a lot restaurants, rather it was sufficient. This was a plus for me, I got to savor each bite without feeling grossly full.It was a shame that night that I couldn't try their sashimi dish. I was definitely looking forward to eating raw fish. I recommend trying their homemade desserts, the omakase and the bento box. (there is a lot to try with this dish) It  also comes with an amazing salad!!
5	This place is permanently closed, what a pity!
