5	Today was the second time I used the services of Fluffy Tails Salon in Ahwatukee.  I originally chose this groomer because of  its excellent reviews.  They have lived up to their reputation!  Service is great!  Employees are kind, attentive, and professional!  The rates are very reasonable for the quality of work they provide.  I encouraged staff to have bumper stickers made for advertising the business, and I would definitely put one on my vehicle!
5	A friend of mine told me about Fluffy Tails Pet Salon. So I made an appointment last week for my Standard Poodle and WOW she came out beautiful, she was very happy, jumping around, excited to see me and was kissing the groomer when we left. Its cost me $58.00 dollars for a full groom and the tip. I recommend Fluffy Tails Pet Salon, Give them a try You will be very happy you did.
5	I brought my Maddie to this groomer today and couldn't be happier. They listened to my inputs about what I wanted done with her hair (a trim, but not too short like a puppy cut) and did a good job. They finished pretty quickly and called me right away when she was waiting for me to come pick her up. The place has good energy and you can tell they have fun with the dogs.
5	Service was outstanding! I am so happy I finally found my groomers after a year of bad experiences. My two Yorkies look fantastic. The two ladies who helped me were so kind, friendly, and caring - just met me and my dogs and they made me feel as if I've been coming here for years. So kind, thoughtful and accommodating and my dogs just look feel and smell great!
5	Ask for Astrid! My sweet adorable Shih Tzu is in love with her. She does a amazing puppy cut with Mohawk. Since moving back to Cali I haven't had a groomer feel comfortable trimming between his eyes. Sometimes if I tell him he will get some watermelon he let's me do it. Astrid is awesome! Chester misses her.
1	Horrible place.  First off, they claim they use all natural stuff.  I am chemically sensitive and got very sick when my girl got home.   She stank of chemicals, which, btw, with their sensitive noses, dogs HATE, too.  I called them,  After keeping me on hold for a loooong time, they came back and supposedly read me the ingredients in the perfume they sprayed on her.  Yeah, right.  Like natural lavender smells like chemicals.  Plus, we told them not to spray her or use anything except the shampoo we brought.  In addition, they shaved off part of her skin in two places.  We had to put Neosporin on them and they healed in a few days.
4	I brought my dog in for the 1st time this week and I was berg impressed with their customer service and the grooming services offered. The staff is friendly on the phone and in person. I used to take my dog to Petsmart and would have to pay so much for for the little service I was receiving. At fluffy tails, my dog received a much better groom at a much better price. This is my new go to for my baby
