3	Who doesn't want to pick up a stick and beat the crap out of something and then have candy come out of it???? So if you need a pinata for any function or Hell- just to relieve stress this is the place to go....LARGE HELLO KITTY PINATA NEEDED.......LARGE HELLO KITTY PINATA FOUND!!!!!!!!They have all kinds of pinatas for good prices.I paid $20.00 for a large hello kitty pinata- for a pinata at a regular store (Party City, Walmart ect...) all they do is put a flattend mylar balloon of the character on a small/medium ball type of pinata and then charge you $14.99 and higher. Sucky deal if you ask me..... JUST SAYIN!!!!But here you get a pinata that actually is designed to look like your character. If they don't have a certain character on the floor that your lookin for just order in advance and they'll make whatever you want and I think that's $5.00 more. They even have wooden pinata sticks wrapped in different colored cellophane paper for only $1.99 each.The store is a little dim and there are party supply stuff for sale however those seem to be priced higher than at Walmart or Target. So I suggest that you buy your pinata here and the other stuff elsewhere.
5	Great Selection and Great Prices!!  They had everything and can custom make as well. Word to the wise bring cash or be prepared to pay an extra dollar to use plastic.
5	I have been coming here for a while now. I come here to puchase pinatas and mexican candy. I  Love this store. This will definitely be my go to store for pinatas, Mexican candy, and gifts. Love their new gift store. Gift Emporium.  They carry my favorite characters. I purchased a batman bank and keyring. Prices are great  considering the quality items they carry. Will definitely be coming back to check out their new arrivals.
4	I have purchased pinatas here a few times over the last couple years. Other than a not so convenient location they are good. They normally have the character I'm looking for on hand. This last time I went I had them custom make me what I wanted for only $5 more. Since I went in advance for the party I told them I'd come back in two weeks for it. I'm not sure how short notice they will do on custom orders. I told them I wanted a ninja in black clothing; pretty vague. When I went to pick it up it was cute and even looked like it was jump kicking in air with weapons attached. I'll post a picture soon. In all it was better then I anticipated and will continue to return. Other times I've called I've had to use my bad Spanish but recently the employees speak and understand English well.
5	Best PInata Store in Vegas !!!  Great prices ! They were able to get me my pinata done on time !! got a custom made pinata for my sons birthday for only $35 the size was great !  they also got the best variety in mexican candy... anything you can think of !
5	This store has such unique and practical items, even if you just go there to look, it's like a design museum in and of itself. Super crowded, though.
5	The best museum shop I have ever met, the attendants are friendly, it is a great store, with products ranging enough price, and products that not only refer to the museum exactly, but also design products that can be presented with certainty set in the present. Loved !!!
