1	Rude and unhelpful service. A store clerk walked right past and looked me in the eye as I asked for help. She completely ignored me because I told my friend the truth (that the dress she tried on didn't fit well). Try another of the millions of places in Charlotte that sell "Intimates".I thought they were overpriced as well.
5	Not sure about the unhelpful service mentioned below, but the service I recovered in this place was amazing. I wanted to try a new brand of bras so I figured I would give this brand a go. The sales associate was helpful and extremely knowledgable. No complaints here!
4	Soma has a nice selection of merchandise and you can find sizes that are not carried in typical lingerie stores like Victoria's Secret. Unfortunately, when I stopped in to do a little shopping on Sunday, the store was slammed and they only had 2 employees working.  As a result, the service wasn't as quick or as personalized as I would have liked.  Also, they were sold out of a couple of items I wanted.  Of course, they are happy to get the item you want from another store, if you are not hoping to take it home the same day.
1	In comparison to the SOMA store in St. Armand's Circle SARASOTA, FL, this store pales to comparison and must lose a lot of potential sales.  I know I'll never come back.  I was looking for a couple new bras and post holiday sale PJ's for my sister.  I was greeted asI walked into the store but, nobody offered to help me.  All this time one sales associate was helping a customer and the other three were just hanging out and talking among themselves.  They were dressed in black but, no name tags so, it was confusing to know initially who worked the store.  At the Sarasota SOMA store they wear dressier black outfits and name tags.  I finally flagged down a person and asked her if she worked there.  She was while helpful while her other three co workers did nothing.    She wasn't forthright about the sale of two bras, as she was trying to sell me the ones not on sale and didn't speak highly of the embraceable style, which clearly fit the best on me.  She was also off with my bra size but, my selection was correct.  She didn't offer to size me and none of the staff members had tape measures.  In Sarasota, they all have them around their neck.  My mom, who's not as SOMA savy had a similarly disappointing experience where the manager couldn't be bothered and the part time employer wasn't alerted to a free panty item.  It's too bad as SOMA has a unique opportunity to create a wonderful relaxing, appreciative and completely catered shopping experience for a woman.  I personally couldn't get out of here fast enough and spent less than half of what I'd normally spend.  Their clothes selection is extremely limited and this is the only semi annual sale were so many items seem to still be so high in price or not on sale at all.  During my checkout experience my saleslady was needed in the back to help another customer so she asked another associate to take over my sale.  I visited this woman was not happy to do so as it was not her commission and it was pretty apparent.  The lack of teamwork at the store among the associates is painfully obvious.  They all need to spend a day at the Sarasota St. Armand's Soma and let Yolanda and her team show how it should be done.  The Charlotte women are unfortunately missing out on what should be a fabulous experience#missingSarasotsSoma
