4	Cafe Zupas' debut into the Vegas Valley from its SLC roots finally happened this week!  They are also opening a Summerlin location soon.  The space is on the north edge of the shopping center at Richmar and Eastern, on the same side as Red Mango and Popped, next to Republic.They are known for Soups, Salads, and Sandwiches, with soups scratch made daily and a window into the kitchen.  Today the place was packed with ladies lunching and lots of happy children.  The space is very bright and there were staff welcoming us every step of the way.  I had lunch here with Randal R.  We both did the you pick 2 combo, which is a choice of 2 from: whole sandwich, half salad, soup.  He got the Asian BBQ pork sandwich and I am not sure what else.  I got the Thai mango chicken salad and the Yucatan Chicken Soup.  The salad ingredients are FRESH and separated and it is assembled in front of you.  A chorus of "Thai Mango" from each person down the line greeted me.  I did not pay enough attention to the menu until later so you can create your own salad, which will be fun for next time.There are many salad creations, soups, and sandwiches suggested though.  I was also able to sample soups before picking one.  The Yucatan chicken soup was flavorful but a tad too salty.  I still got it because it came with free optional toppings: GUACAMOLE, lime, and tortilla strips.  Free guac?  Yes please!The salad was DEEEElicious.  Fresh mango, thin grilled chicken (cold), crisp lettuce, wonton strips, light drizzle of peanut dressing...I definitely would order it again.  I also got passionfruit-mango iced tea - there is a cute "Italian soda syrup bar" with recipes to help patrons create flavors with the soda fountain.  Also, there is a hot sauce collection (Blair's Death, Dave's Insanity, etc.) so that is a nice touch.  Overall, friendly staff, fresh made food, lots of options, and very affordable.  Every order got a small piece of fresh baked bread and a chocolate-dipped strawberry!!!  Combo is $7.99, takes credit cards.
5	Living across from this strip mall, it is always exciting to see the new adventures taking place. For a few weeks I watched the corner of Eastern Ave and Richmar Ave, develop into this bright red decored restaurant advertising soups, salads, and sandwiches. Definitely a place I needed to try!I ventured over there this past Friday, and found it absolutely amazing! I was greeted at the door by an employee who was extremely friendly and knew the menu well. I tried the Nuts over Berries salad, which was incredibly fresh and the crushed cinnamon almonds definitely offered a pizzaz!And if that wasn't enough to make this experience memorable, it came with a chocolate covered strawberry! New. Favorite. Place.
5	Can't wait to go back ! I had been wanting to try this place out after driving by and seeing the word soups I am a huge soup fan & this place does not disappoint !!Their mushroom bisque is literally the best creamy mushroom soup I have ever had and I highly recommend it  . . &  their tomato basil although different than most place's is unique and pretty good  . .  they also will let you sample all the soups before you choose one if you choose to do so !!They also have a vast range of salads and sandwiches that you can watch being made in front of you I got the crab and avocado hot panini with munster cheese and it was delicious i dunked it into that awesome mushroom soup haha  . . And my order came with fresh bread & gianttt fresh and delicious chocolate covered strawberries for free !  . . I didn't try their salads but they all looked really good   . . I also had a passion fruit mango iced tea which was great The lay out is modern and clean and you can watch the chefs through a glass wall cooking the soups !! They are made fresh daily and have a huge selection they also had a bunch of desserts like fresh berry custards and cheesecakes etc. for display that all looked awesome
4	First timer for dinner tonight. They were very friendly and the food was tasty!It's kind of like Subway-esque where they make the items for you, not like Sweet Tomatoes where you make your own. I had a large salad (cobb with ranch) and my hubby got the pulled pork and cauliflower cheese soup. We also splurged on a chocolate cake slice and rocky road brownie, cuz you know that is needed after a semi healthy salad :pOn my cobb, I wanted to sub cucumbers for olives and asked for extra ranch. It felt like pulling teeth to get a substitution and extra dressing. Hubby asked for no cabbage on his sandwich, but got it anyway. His pulled pork sandwich was mostly cabbage. The little meat that was on the sandwich and they bread were really good though. My salad was crisp and fresh. The soup was decadent and creamy. We mostly just dunked the bread into the soup like it was fondue. So good. The meals came with a chocolate strawberry and bread which was tasty.  The brownie was super rich and my hubby who is a sweets-aholic could only eat a few bites. Same with the cake. I recommend splitting a dessert or just be happy with the strawberries lol.When ringing up they rang us for a salad and a separate soup. We almost didn't get our sandwich. They had already slid my card when I asked where our sandwich was and then they had to charge my card again for the difference. All in all there is high hopes for this place after they get their grove on. I do wish they had a build your own salad instead of just subbing things on their current menu without having to do extra $.50 charges for adding simple things like tomato or cucumber.
5	So happy! I've had Cafe Zupas in Salt Lake City and when my husband and I found out there was one here we were there! I love love love the Turkey Bacon Avocado panini and the Wisconsin Cauliflower soup is definitely my favorite! The atmosphere is fantastic and the food is great! We have a 3 month old and the greeters always offer to go get us a booster seat for his car seat. Really makes getting our food convenient!
3	Reminds me of when a guy "messes up" and sends flowers to your work to make everything okay. Cafe Zupas tries this trick with the delicious chocolate covered strawberry with every meal. Not bad. Not the greatest. I cannot give it anymore than three stars from my first meal with them. Ultimate Grilled Cheese- Cheddar, Muenster, Tomatoes & House-made Pesto Sauce. This was good. The bread reminds me of the two ends nobody wants to eat in the loaf. Once I got past that thought I actually enjoyed the sandwich. Good job Zupas.Tomato Basil with Orzo Pasta- This shit was sweeter than the chocolate covered strawberry! I hated it and only took two bites (because I will try anything twice). I also sampled the Chicken Tortilla- too salty, the Wild Mushroom- too salty. Maybe I am just one picky Mofo when it comes to soups, but they just don't work for me.Chocolate Covered Strawberry- She was a beauty. She made everything better. So much better I almost forgot how much I disliked the soups!I can see myself coming back here to try the Thai Peanut Chicken Sandwich and one of their twelve different salads. I will have to get past the fact:They have sooooo many minions, I mean employees. It's fucking overkill and the exact opposite experience I want to have on my lunch break. The way the interior is designed flares up my Claustrophobia. Again, not what I find appealing. Other than those minor issues I will be back to hopefully bump them up a star. For now, I am leaving this place alone until the rest of the town tries it and just finds it's nothing special.
1	God forbid you should have any allergies and ask the manager if he wouldn't mind checking an item on his menu for an ingredient that causes people severe migraines. He not only refused but skirted my question with some BS about their ingredients possibly being from different vendors and they have no control over what's in it...Blah, Blah, Blah. Horrible processed food full of sodium nitrites and MSG. definitely won't go back. im sure many people will like this place but there is nothing fresh or healthy about it. UGH!
3	Food was fresh, good, and FAST! I gave it only 3 stars because there was no whole wheat bread.
3	The people were friendly and the soup was good. I got the chicken tortilla and it was good Flavor. He got the lobster bisque and liked it. However the sandwich was skimpy. The kids chicken was good as not overly fried but no ketchup! How do you not have a basic condiment? The chocolate strawberry is a nice treat and good selection of fountain drinks. The price is very reasonable and for a quick lunch we would go back for soup or salad only.
4	Cafe Zupas is a fast-casual restaurant that is new to Nevada, its first location is now open in Henderson near the shopping center at Richmar and Eastern. A second is coming soon to Summerlin. Cafe Zupas has had great success in Utah and Arizona. They offer homemade soups, freshly made salads, paninis, and gourmet sandwiches. I was fortunate to receive an invite to a VIP party that allowed Frank and I to sample various menu items. All guests were warmly welcomed and encouraged to sample the Try 2 Combo, which comes with a whole sandwich, half soup and half salad for $7.99. The Kid's Meal Combo is $3.99.Salads are made in front of you as you order, soups are made fresh daily in Cafe Zupas' kitchen, and sandwiches are fixed when you place your order. It is quite the assembly line. I chose the Tomato Basil soup with Orzo Pasta, topped with asiago cheese for .59, their signature salad Nuts About Berries and Turkey Spinach Artichoke Panini. Frank had the Yucatan Chicken Tortilla soup, the BBQ Chicken salad, and the the BBQ Pulled Pork sandwich. They got started on our orders right away, all components were added to our tray, we selected Brownies for dessert and our order came with Belgian Chocolate Covered Strawberries. By the time you pay your tab (ours was gratis on this visit), your order is complete and ready to be whisked away to a cozy table in the dining room.  We dug into the soups first, the Tortilla soup is fantastic and loaded with flavor. It was so tasty Frank devoured it before I could snap a photo. The Tomato Basil was good, but less of favorite. It's quite sweet and very heavy on basil flavor. I hear the Wild Mushroom Bisque is not to be missed so I'll try that one next time.Next, we tried the salads, I had the better of two with Nuts About Berries. It was loaded with fresh berries and topped with cinnamon almonds and lightly dressed with poppyseed dressing. It' a bit sweet, but not cloying so it was enjoyable. The BBQ Chicken salad was loaded with tomatoes, black beans, corn, olives, red onion and dressed with buttermilk ranch. What it lacked was BBQ chicken. There are ten other salads to choose from one is sure to strike your fancy.Unfortunately, the sandwiches were the weakest link. This is a shame because their Italian Ciabatta bread is really fresh and delicious. The BBQ Pulled Pork tasted more like honey mustard that BBQ. It wasn't a very hearty sandwich. Sadly, the turkey wasn't very good. It tasted like prepackaged deli meat. I prefer freshly sliced deli meats. I expected actual artichokes on the sandwich, but it was a spread. That was my mistake, the menu clearly states a three cheese artichoke spread. I overlooked it. Truly, the bread is so good, I'd try the gourmet sandwiches again. I'm interested in the Asian BBQ Pork and the Vegetarian.Dessert ended the meal on a pleasant note. I love Belgian Chocolate Dipped Strawberries so those alone wooed me, but the brownies were quite good and oh, so decadent. Gooey caramel and candy topped one and the other was more of a bar with coconut, nuts, chocolate and other goodness. The staff was incredibly friendly, they gave out dozens of prizes including water bottles and giftcards. Discounts and prizes will also be given out during their Grand Opening celebration on May 18. There are few places where a complete meal can be had for less than ten bucks, but it can be done at Cafe Zupas.
2	Not sure what first caught my eye about this place, but something did.  I'd been wanting to go to this place for awhile now.   I've read some reviews about how this place reminds them of a Subway and I can see why.  While Subway focuses on the sandwich, this place offers soups, salads, and sandwiches, which is ok.  (Note: Before I go to a restaurant, I usually look at the menu so I know what I'm going to order when I get to the place.  I was disappointed to see that for the CYO Salad, while they had a decent variety of dressings/lettuces/toppings/etc. to choose from, they were pretty limiting to how many toppings you can choose!  What about those people who wants lots of vegetable toppings and not just 4?) Regardless, I decided to try it out tonight.  I have to admit that I'm not terribly happy with my first time here.  Having had nursed an upset stomach for the past few days, I decided to go with a vegetable soup with a clear broth and the vegetarian sandwich.  The soup was pretty salty.  That's about all I can say about it.  The sandwich wasn't too bad, but I wasn't too impressed with it. For the portion amount, I feel like both was a bit overpriced.  However, seeing as this seems to be a fairly new place, I'm willing to get them a second try when I'm feeling 100%, rather than just 90%.
4	My friend is obsessed with this place, so it was quickly nominated for girls lunch. My first impression was that it was spacious and everyone was super friendly, I mean they open the door for you and are ready with recommendations. I immediately decided on the pick 2 combo, for the price it seemed like a bargain. The Asian BBQ sandwich sounded amazing and I heard the roasted cauliflower soup was fantastic, so I ordered it up. I love that you can see all of the ingredients, everything is so fresh and colorful, it really adds to the experience. We were pushed expeditiously through the line and found a table despite it being packed. I really enjoyed the Asian BBQ sandwich, it definitely had a kick to it but it had a good fresh flavor too. I instantly fell in love with the cauliflower soup, it was so creamy and rich, mmmmmm perfection! I like that they give you a piece of bread to dip in the soup, but it was overkill with my sandwich. I loved ending my meal with a chocolate covered strawberry, such a simple touch but a great way to end any meal. I was so impressed that I decided to go back that weekend with my husband. This time I tried the pulled pork sandwich and of course the cauliflower soup again. The pulled pork had honey mustard and cabbage on it. I don't normally enjoy honey mustard, but I thought all of the flavors worked well together. My husband had the clam chowder and the Italian sandwich. The clam chowder had a lot of black pepper in it, which wasn't my favorite, but he enjoyed it. The Italian sandwich, on the other hand, was great and I really enjoyed their homemade balsamic dressing.Overall, I think this is a really great lunch option. Everything is fresh and made to order. The customer service is fantastic, in fact when my husband and I were there they were giving away their daily customer service award to one of their team members - how cool! I can't wait to try some more soups and maybe even a salad next time. This is definitely a welcome addition to the Henderson scene.
5	Don't let the line scare you they are very quick with the food preparation, and I love the recharge bar concept.
5	I went from not knowing that Cafe Zupas even existed to becoming a huge fan in one visit.,.When you walk in, you'll see their bright, aesthetically pleasing menu of soups, salads, and sandwiches. There are also desserts available near the register. I would skip the salads because they tend not to carry as much savory flavor.My favorite sandwich is easily the Italian Club, which apparently has a sauce made of some sort of really addictive chemical. It was love at first bite. The Asian BBQ Pork was also good. I like to pair a sandwich in a $7.99 Try Two combo with a half soup of some sort. So far, all of the soups that I have tried are excellent: Shrimp & Sausage Gumbo, Mushroom Bisque (vegetarian), Lobster Bisque, and New England Clam Chowder. They are served with a complimentary piece of bread, and there are several options for mix-ins that I haven't tried yet but could be nice if you're into that kind of thing.I've tried a friend's cheesecake, which was really delicious, but more conservative eaters will be satisfied for dessert with the complimentary chocolate-dipped strawberry. The fruit is so good on its own and you can taste it, and the chocolate just makes it better.Finally, check out the recharge bar if you're alone or in a small group. You get bar-style seats on a counter, an interactive screen with drink mix ideas and other features, and most importantly, free recharging with the normal power outlets and USB outlets. You'll probably find me there if it's empty.Cafe Zupas adds a very affordable, very delicious casual eating restaurant to the already extensive array of Eastern Ave. eateries. You're doing yourself a disservice if you don't try it.
3	UPDATE: Ok, so I went there for a second time....had the Asian BBQ Pork Sandwich. It was FANTASTIC! So so good.....BUT, most of it was bread. Again, tasted great, but c'mon guys, give us a little more substance to our sandwiches!I had the Try 2 combo. Chicken pesto panini & Roasted red pepper lobster soup. The food is delicious. The soup was fantastic. The panini was also great, but I felt like it was lacking ingredients. Don't get me wrong, the mixture of ingredients is great.....but I feel like it could have been a "thicker" sandwich. That's the only thing I felt a bit jipped on. The customer service is great. There are a ton of people behind the counter. And every single one of them smiles at you and tells you to have a good day. A bit of an overload, but it's better than poor customer service. I'd give them 5 stars of they made Nutrition information available...which seems reasonable for a place that specializes in salad, soup, and sandwiches.And the sandwich just needs a little more "umph" to it.
4	My first time to a Cafe Zupas.  During lunch time, expect a crazy busy establishment. Upon just parking, you can already see the lines through their windows.  But one thing you have to keep in mind...it's new, it's lunch time, and it's located off Eastern Ave.  So many restaurants off Eastern Ave is super packed during lunch time.  Zupas was no different.After finally getting parked, you walk in.  The line is organized somewhat like what you see at Disneyland (minus the fast pass).  However, the line for ordering does go pretty quick.  Your food is built in an assembly like fashion starting with your salads, sandwiches, soup, and finally desserts. The place is packed and the other concern is whether or not you will even have a seat.  Go ahead and try to save a table.  Can't do it, it's not allowed.  They even have signs posting that you cannot save a table.  This wasn't a problem since there's was at least 3 tables opened when we ate. But I'm sure there are days where seating in limited. As for their food, I got their Turkey Spinach Artichoke Panini with their Lobster Bisque.  The soup portions are huge and the food portions are just okay.  My sandwich wasn't bad, actually was pretty good.  It's the soup that I rave about.  The the price and taste of their lobster bisque rivals other sitdown, more expensive restaurants.  Just wish there was thick pieces of lobster in there.  My total order came up to about $10 which included the sandwich, soup, drink, a strawberry, and a lunch roll.  Prices are about average for the rest of the menu, but they do have a lunch special for $7.99.  This includes sandwich and half soup.  By the way, if you have a sweet tooth, then you have to try their desserts. I'm not saying it's good, because for one, I don't have a sweet tooth. And two, I didn't have any.  The presentation looks good. I guess I will just have to wait for someone else's review to see how good the sweets truly are. One of my issues with this place...so many damn calories in almost everything here.  I know there is because myfitnesspal told me. Overall, I am giving this place 4 stars just because I will probably be back and so far, I'm a fan.PS:  I still think Beach Hut Deli, which is located in the same parking lot, is better.  Also, not as busy. Turkey Spinach Artichoke:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=gCG3DRBkaUwppIrFHK3u5g&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQLobster Bisque:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=54M_HQZ28B8dUcHFQAFZcA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQJust for Kicks:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=jebJH5dCLO1mJZqMcxwJQg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQMore Food:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=LXZdzRbRcAj8sTfaGwMX_g&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQSignage:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=fDSg0ZiphuYR2hQRpC4mOA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQStressed Spelled Backwards:http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=tYzl3O18G4WB1mkp3oSd0g&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQhttp://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=f4-EinZe2c1ye8xtikG7og&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQhttp://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=UnZINHMORJvW0b20FZxryA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQhttp://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=aJ64UckpSYrXXKkhAjGB-A&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQhttp://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=eq2k5-lQHBlz3kFdnCeG6Q&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
2	The food was OK tasting, too much dairy and too sweet. The biggest caveat was that everyone felt bloated after eating it. Will never go there again, better opening a can of soup and having a homemade salad.I did like the Italian soda shots to customize your drink.
4	Great food, quick service. The employees all seem very friendly and helpful. They will give you recommendations if needed. So far I've tried the Red Pepper and Lobster soup and the Yucatan Chipotle Chicken salad. Both were very good, so good in fact that I went back the next day for another salad. It was way too hot out for soup. I don't think the salad needs any additional add ons... but I really liked the cheesy bread add on for the soup. Although next time I have it I wont let it sit in the soup so long... it tasted better before it got soggy.  My only complaint is they have these little signs on the tables politely asking people to eat and go. I feel like it's a little rude. I don't like feeling rushed out the door.
1	If I could give it a negative rating I would. The only good thing I have to say was it was cheap and you get what you pay for, be forewarned. So I went with the soup and salad combo. Got the Lobster Bisque, I was excited because I love Lobster Bisque, this is NOT Lobster Bisque, it should be called creamy vegetable soup, no seafood flavor and not a hint of Lobster. I really thought that Bon Chef Cafe had the worst Lobster Bisque I ever had, but Cafe Zupas topped them. I suggest the owners go try Ventano's Lobster Bisque, so they know what real Lobster Bisque tastes like.The salad I picked was Chopped chicken salad. If there was an ounce of meat in this I would be surprised, also got it with Blue Cheese dressing, again if there was an ounce of dressing on it I would be surprised, flavorless salad and vegetable soup is not what I ordered, but it is what I received.  Finally with this fabulous meal, we received Bread and what they call Chocolate dipped Strawberries. The bread is like a thick slice of Wonder Bread. The Chocolate dipped strawberries are dipped on one side, but once you try it you are glad they didn't cover the whole strawberry in that cheap waxy chocolate.
5	Have been there twice already.  Food great.  Prices great.  My faves...tomato basil soup and Asian mango salad.  Staff friendly and courteous.
2	My first visit here, I came for lunch with friends and it was packed.  This place kind of reminded me of Panera Bread, but with more choices and a little bit cheaper.  They only took half my order because you order soup/ salad first then down the line you can order soup.  They got my sandwich order, but completely overlooked me and went to the person behind me,  I did manage to squeeze in my soup order (I was going for the pick 2). My other friend was successful in placing both his orders, but his sandwich never came down to the cashier. Then they said they will bring it out to him and it took almost 15 minutes even when he went back to ask them what happen to his sandwich.When it came to finding a table, the empty ones were dirty with no one in sight to clean or wipe off the table.  I had to go to the cashier to ask them to send someone or give me a towel to wipe it off.  I did enjoy my turkey spinach artichoke panini sandwich though.
2	I'd basically summarize Cafe Zupas as a Panera Bread with more quantity over quality.  And worse service. Maybe that will improve after they've been open for a while, but not this time.When ordering soups, they totally skipped from my girlfriend's fiend to me, and passed up my girlfriend. Then they forgot to make my sandwich, said they'd bring it out to the table, and forgot to make it again. So I ended up eating my sandwich once everyone else was done with theirs.Also, it seems like employee resources are poorly managed. They have someone posted at the entryway giving you a menu and marking recommendations, but then other people come in and you lose your place in line. Instead they should worry about all the dirty tables and chairs, there was no where clean to sit. The food was fine, nothing special. Certainly a plethora of options, and my California Turkey sandwich was sizable and full of veggies. The tomato soup was mediocre and a bit salty.  All the meals came with bread and a chocolate covered strawberry. It's for sure a good amount of food for the money, so they have that going for them.Overall seems like a decent place to get a quick and filling bite to eat, but I won't be coming back until the fad has calmed down because it's really not worth the hassle that the service creates.
5	I loved it!!!! Not expensive, fresh and fast. Wish it was close to my work so I could go all the time...
4	Food tastes good staff was nice i'll be back.
5	I went for a noon lunch with my friends and it is definitely the busy hour. They greeted me at the door and I was a little overwhelmed when upon entering, it was incredibly noisy and chaotic!But as you're in line, there's posters and menus for you to know how and what to order.I had the MangoBerry salad and an Italian Sub combo. I am always a skeptic with fruit in my salad but my taste buds were taken for an incredible ride! I don't think I'll have my salads any other way from now on!And the chocolate covered strawberry with every meal is such a tender touch and I thought of it as a secret gift your crush gives you to make your meal a little sweeter! Is that crazy?Well, you gotta hit this place up! It's sublime!
5	Zupas is like a really intense Panera. The employees are intense, the flavors are more intense, and my like for it is a lot more intense than that of Panera. I will be back again and again!There are so many options and for $8, you can get a whole sandwich and a half salad or half soup. There is nothing half about the latter--they are huge. You get more than enough food for $8. I got the ultimate grilled cheese with some chipotle salad, and to end the meal a pistachio "creme brulee." Every bite was excellente of every thing. The creme brulee is less of a creme brulee and more of a pudding. Didn't stop me though...I still nearly licked the bowl clean.Can't wait to go back and check out more offerings and potentially bring in a laptop for a late afternoon work session? I Lovez Zupaz.
4	I love this place!  Came here for lunch. I heard that there's usually a long line and wait. I guess I got lucky. It was busy though but not to bad. I decided to get the Asian BBQ pork sandwich with Roasted Red Pepper & Lobster. So when you get up to the counter the worker will make either your sandwich or salad then you move down for the soup next is the dessert  then last well be where you get a drink and pay. You take your food, find a seat and eat up. I got a drink with my order and the total came to a little over $10. The food portion was very generous. My sandwich had a lot of pork and veggies. My soup was in a big bowl. It also comes with a chocolate covered strawberry. The staff was very nice and friendly, store was very clean. well definitely be back to try other things!
4	Mmmm....Cafe Zupas. Great place to eat. Great sandwiches, great salads and great soup (Lobster Bisque is my fav)...and great deserts to boot. Staff is very friendly and the place looks great.  They do  have wi-fi so I considered studying there like I do at Panera, but they kinda have a time limit set on how long you can stay while you eat (not sure if that's a good thing) so i don't know if it would be an ideal place to study (i'll find out soon)Otherwise, this place gets two thumbs up from this guy!
5	This is now my favorite sandwhich place!!!! So many choices with fresh ingredients. Here's how it works: be prepared to wait in line if you come during peak eating times. It's $7.99 for your choice of two items (sandwhich, soup or salad). Its kind of like a subway line where you can see everything made in front of you. You order your sandwhich or salad with the first person in the line. And you just move down the line. And you order your soup from the people standing in front of the soups. There are add ins to the soup like bacon, cheese or croutons for an additional charge. By the time you get to the cashier, your entire order is ready. They also have syrups to add flavor to your drinks. My absolute favorites are the BBQ pulled pork sandwhich with clam chowder. The sandwhiches are huge and packed with flavor. And the clam chowder is thick and chunky. The blueberry maple salad was a refreshing alternative to clam chowder on a hot day. The dressing they used was light and added to the fresh blueberries and maple chunks in the salad. I look forward to trying everything on the menu!!!
3	The lobster bisque and my chocolate strawberry was the only favorite part of my meal on my first visit here. The Thai sandwich was a nice attempt, with the fresh veggies, but instead of shredded  meat it was more like a mushy texture from being over cooked or too much marinate.. and the meat was non existent.  There was a nice thick slice of bread though. Which is too bad for me since Im carb conscious and try to limit my carb intake,  The salad was okay. The server who made my salad put way too much won ton crunchies in it. Wish he piled more fruit.  The salad as a whole was cold and crisp and that's what counts. I don't know everything was just okay.  Tasted more generic like every other chain restaurants I visited lately.  The big appeal here is the prices. It's really reasonable.  I got away paying under $10 for 1/2 sandwich, salad, drink and a strawberry. Not bad.  I'll be back cause there are other salad creations that sound good that I want to try.
5	I waited a few weeks after the grand opening to have my first try of this Nevada location. I remember when the first one opened in UT when I was in college.The service is unreal at this location, everyone is all smiles and so friendly. It makes for a great experience. The food is always delicious and there are so many more choices than I remember.So glad they came to Vegas!
4	I wanted to give this place a shot because a location is opening up right near me at Buffalo and Lake Mead.  The Eastern Avenue Zupas is down the street from one of my gyms so it was easy to plan a post-workout dinner there with a few good friends.  We arrived on Tuesday night at 7:00pm and the place was busy but not packed as I've heard it can be at lunch time, i.e., there were tables available.  This place gets so crowded at times that there are signs on the table advising you not to save seats--that's a new one for me.  There is an extensive menu of sandwiches, salads, and soups, as well as some great-looking desserts.  Customers get in line and order before sitting down at booths or tables.  I already knew I wanted to try the lobster bisque, so I got the Try 2 Combo, which is only $7.99.  I paired the soup with the turkey cranberry sandwich.  You get a dinner roll and a chocolate covered strawberry with your meal, too--not bad for the price at all.  I really liked the bisque--not too salty, and my sandwich was also tasty.  I probably enjoyed the strawberry the most, and I got to eat two, benefiting from the b/f's allergy to fruit--more for me, sweetie.  I will definitely be back --now I'm really looking forward to the one in my 'hood to open.
3	5 stars tot the staff and how quickly they operate givens that they were slammed. This is a fairly fresh option for people who are looking for a quick bite. I had a make your own salad and soup, my friend has the turkey panini and soup. My salad was good they make sure to keep the toppings you add to a minimum and some items looked like they might have been treated with chemicals so they don't spoil as fast. The tortilla soup was ok. I had very few veggies or chicken, it was 90% tortilla strips. The sandwich was dry but decent, but we didn't care for the jambalaya. I thought the complimentary chocolate dipped strawberry was a nice touch. If you're on-the-go this is a good option.
4	So the Asian Persuasion  Family of yelp decided to have a family dinner here. I thought to myself, this is awesome, I have heard so much about this place and finally I get to try it out!This place is located near Silverado Ranch and Eastern, more towards on Richmar and Eastern to be exact, right next to Republic Kitchen. Easy to find you can't miss it.The place is very clean, your greeted by a friendly staff at the door. The menu is very plain and simple, easy to read, and most important, they have pretty reasonable prices, I highly recommend the Combo which gives you a full size sandwich with a choice of 1/2 soup or 1/2 salad all for $7.99, where can you go wrong there right?I ordered the Thai Mango Chicken salad with the California Turkey Sandwich.The Thai Mango salad was very delicious and loved everything in the salad. The Thai Mango Chicken Salad had, chicken , lettuce, fried wonton noodles of some sort, mango and some type of vinigerette Thai sauce, that I can't explain.As for my California Turkey sandwich , that included, the turkey with light mayo and cheese, avocado, cucumbers served on cibatta  bread ( sorry for the typo too lazy to look it up hehe). The combo also included French bread and chocolate covered strawberries to complete the meal.Overall I reall enjoyed my dining experience at Cafe Zupas, I would love to go back and try all their other sandwiches and try a soup. And most important the food is great and its freaking cheap!
4	Fast forward one week later: My AP Yelp family wanted to get together here after our post workout.  It's a good thing you can mix your combo. I passed up sandwiches  and got a soup/salad combo.  On this visit my combo choice was their Vermont Blueberry salad and Cauliflower Bisque. The Vermont Blueberry salad was so good, that I did a ninja check in today and repeated that same order....and bought a bunch of strawberries on top of my free strawberry. Okay now Im a bigger fan of Cafe Zupas. Especially for their Blueberry salad.
3	Had to try this hot lunch spot in the cursed revolving door location on Eastern. At first glance, the long line out the door could deter anyone who has only an hour to spare for lunch. But the good part is the line moves very fast as they have the system down. It could seem a little chaotic ordering but let them direct you and use your time in line wisely to select your items. Fresh, made to order food on demand...I'm a fan!I recommend the pick 2 combo for $7.99. We ordered the lobster bisque served with asiago cheese croutons, Asian BBQ pulled pork sandwich, Nuts about Berries salad and Tomato basil soup with orzo. The lobster bisque was chunky with vegetables and surprisingly good but no lobster meat in sight. The pulled pork sandwich was delicious. Crispy vegetables with sweet pulled pork on a soft bun. I would definitely get it again. The berries salad was fresh and lettuce was not wilted, yay. The tomato basil soup was sweet, creamy with a hint of spice that reminded me of curry.I would have given 4 stars but I got a little sick after eating here. Not sure if it was the food or iced tea. In any event, I like the concept and the extensive menu selections. Will be back!
2	First off all you pushed through the line very quickly while they yell questions at you and continue to push you through the line.  Soup had cold and hot spots in it.  The sandwich was just ok, had better, the chocolate covered strawberry tasted like dirt, and the plain chunk of bread they give you for the soup was a waste, should of been a bread of flavor like Sourdough or Baguette.  Very disappointed.Oh the ignoring signs they have on the tables that take about 90% of the table about not going to save a seat need to go.
4	I finally decided to go check out Zupas and  I was pleasantly surprised. At the advise of a lady in line behind me I tried the Roasted Red Pepper & Lobster soup.  I can truly say its one of the best soups I ever tasted. I'm from long beach and they don't have Zupas there soooo maybe I will pick up some and take it home with me...
5	This place is like Panera Bread Company, but a little better to be honest....even tho there have been about 5 restaurants in last 5 years in this location, I hope this one lasts!!!   Go for the combo, it's a TON of food! Whole sandwich and 1/2 a salad- which is huge for a "small" bowl of soup which is plenty! Plus a chocolate covered strawberry for dessert. I had the Turkey, artichoke, pepper sandwich-- was delish! And tried the salad of the month with pomegranate seeds, blackberries, mangos and a yogurt dressing. It was summer in my mouth! I am VERY pleased with this place, cant wait to try some of the soups. Great new restaurant, good portions, decent prices!
3	Meh.. Not great and not horrible. The salads are decent portions, and all my friends that got the soup said they really liked it. The sandwiches were small, there are three sandwich shops now all in the same shopping center.  I personally think beach hut deli has better portion, and better tasting sandwiches. While this place is good, it doesn't stand out to me.
5	Simply amazing!  Fresh, tasty and healthy.....my three favorite things! Lunch was ordered for the whole office. I had the yummy Chicken Pesto sandwich. Everyone ordered something different and ALL were stating the same thing.... "Our new favorite place to order from"....... Thank you Cafe Zupa!
5	Great food, friendly service and a complete meal for a very reasonable price.
1	Im just more upset then anything......aside from this fact the food is ok....just kind of a glorified panera.....not very many vegetarian options (been a veg for over 15 years and would like something other than salad or a grilled cheese sandwich)...anyway..my boyfriend ate there yesterday and exactly one hour after eating he got a HORRIBLE headache and stomach ache and threw up several times...i called zupas and asked to speak to a manager...i let her know the situation and told her exactly what he ate...all she said was ok thank you ill check everything..never said im sorry, never said hope he feels better..nothing....i dont know...ive owned a restaurant before and if that happened i would apologize and at the very least wish the person well....just bugged me
5	Love, love, love this place! I CANNOT wait for the location in Summelin to open up! Everytime I visit i've tried something new. I always get the sandwich/salad combo! The salads are nice portions and they give you a whole sandwich, slice of bread and a choc covered strawberry. Service is quick and friendly. Salads always taste fresh and sanwiches are delicious! And for 7.99 the combo is sooo worth it! You can also mix in syrup flavors into your soda.  I can't get enough of this place!
5	Was really excited when a salad, sandwhich, soup shop opened near where I live. My roommate and I go there at least 2-3 times a week- they are fast and super friendly (maybe even too happy lol ) the price is really reasonable and in the combo you even get a whole sandwhich instead of the half you get at most places. The only complaint I have is that a couple of times we've gone there was no asiago croutons for my soup which was very disappointing since they are delicious!
4	Really enjoyed the soups. Hubby got the clam chowder and enjoyed it. I got the lobster bisque but I don't know if I would refer to it as a bisque but more of a chowder kinda of soup because of the carrots, celery, onion and fennel. We also got a side sandwich to go with the soup. It was the try 2 combo for $7.99.  You can choose between, soup, sandwich, or salad. Anyway I got the turkey bacon avocado and hubby got the honey bacon club.  Both were good but I felt the they were skimpy sandwiches. Overall  we will be returning.
5	THIS IS MY NEW FAVORITE PLACE!!!!!! yes, i must admit im a Panera Bread lover at heart, however I feel as if this place has slowly taken over my soul! They have the BEST service, the fastest service...and hello! you get bread and chocolate covered strawberries with your meal! talk about amazingness!The food is devine! my favorite so far is the ultimate grilled cheese which has just the right amount of pesto and the chicken enchilada chili! mmmmmm!LOVE LOVE LOVE!
3	I was not very impressed with this new locale. The selection of dishes, were impressive, but not the delivery with its ingredients. In other words, the pictures on the menu and description look much better than what you actually get served. First, the salads are served "soupy." Too much dressing is added to them. That is one thing, that needs to be controlled with this place. Second, the dressings are "salty." When you are in the kitchen, taste is one thing anyone learns in Food 101 course. Taste your salt, before delivering the food!! The same with the sauces added to the sandwiches. TOO SALTY!! If they worked with those two things, it would be a great improvement at this new restaurant and they would gain a client. I cannot go back when simple things as this are not controlled by a kitchen. I like my food done right, and this new restaurant needs to work on that before they can earn another star from me. If you go to Crepe Expectations, you will see what I mean. It's in the same complex and they got quality down here! Salt is under control, so is the service. This restaurant earned 4 stars from me and will have me as a future customer. The flavor, quantity and quality is all there, and so is the service. If you can satisfy everyone in your group with the food, you know you are doing something right! At Crepe Expectations is what I'm talking about...pay them a visit in the same complex!!
5	Love the wild mushroom soup!!! And the pistachio mousse desert!!!
3	Requires further inspection...Cafe Zupas is a hot-spot for lunch. Salads, sandwiches, and soups are the stars of the show. The strangely unsettling amount of customer-service is somewhat of a put-off, but not so much I wouldn't go back. The interior is nice enough with a lot of seating, booths and tables. I'm not thoroughly impressed because for one the salad I ordered failed completely on pretty much every level except for that fact that is was HUGE and way too much of it for me to eat in one sitting, especially since I had ordered a salad/soup combo. Combos are the way to go though, soup/salad, salad/sandwich, sandwich/soup, etc. Salad: Yucatan Chipotle Chicken Salad - served with a few strips of dried-out chicken breasts, olives, way too many tortilla strips, guacamole (that was spilling over the side of the bowl), a few black beans, a few olives, and a "chipotle" sauce, which did not taste like chipotle and did not add any flavor at all to the salad. Overall this salad is a huge let-down. Try a different salad other than this one.Lobster Bisque - Decent enough soup, decent enough portion. I finished the soup, mainly because I wasn't thrilled with the salad. They have saltine crackers AND the cute little clam crackers available by the drink station for your soups. I though this soup was all right for the fact its Lobster Bisque at a quick dining spot. Others have complained of it being overly-sweet or not having enough lobster... but c'mon, it's not like you're sitting in a fine-dining establishment on the Strip. For what it is, it's good. I'd order it again.Price-point - About the same as Panera Bread, but you are getting a bit more bang for your buck here in my opinion. A two-item combo and a fountain soda cost me a little over 10 bucks. I think I'll try again, solely based off the fact they have a really extensive menu and so many pairing options I am sure I am bound to find something that I really like.
2	bengning looks good and but the food was avarage. I spent the night in the restroom so no more zupas for me.
5	Tried the Grilled Cheese, UMMMM O YA!!! With the Mushroom Soup And Pistachio Pudding/Mousse, The People there are so Nice and Upbeat, Only Sucky Thing was It was super busy in the parking lot & I  had to park almost across the street. I love the place so that was no Problem, it was just a 110 degrees outside, Just wish they had more parking for customers =)
4	First time stopping in here and it was a delight!  I was immediately greeted by the super friendly staff.  From placing my order to paying for my meal, they were all professional, courteous and smiling!  Great customer service!Now ~ they have many many items to choose from.   Ultimately decided on the Turkey Cranberry Gourmet Sandwich and the Wisconsin Cauliflower soup.   This is part of the pick 2 for $7.99.   Nice!  I was used to the Panera pick 2 when it only comes with 1/2 sandwich but here it is the whole sandwich!  Fantastic! The Turkey Cranberry is served on a ciabatta bread roll with sprouts, cucumber, cheese, mixed greens and house made honey mustard.  This was a fabulous combination of ingredients that my taste buds sure did enjoy! The great thing about their ciabatta bread is it was soft and not flaky.  Sometimes that type of bread can be really tough to chew but they have theirs figured out.  Now for the soup.  Some people might cringe at the fact of eating cauliflower. The Wisconsin Cauliflower soup was really great! It has a flavor and texture of potato cheese soup! I see more and more recipes using cauliflower instead of potatoes.  Cuts calories and healthier (I think or that's what I'm telling myself).  My opinion is the soup was great and give it a try!BONUS BONUS BONUS~~~ Their sandwiches come with a chocolate covered strawberry! The strawberry was fresh and the chocolate had a great non-bitter flavor! I am thrilled about Cafe Zupas! A great place!
5	Thai Peanut Chicken Sandwich is great. Very fresh flavors and well balanced. Very reasonably priced. Restaurant is very clean and well kept. I recommend this spot for great sandwiches, soups and salads.
4	salad: 4.5 starssandwiches: 4 starssoups: 3 starsTheir best feature is their salads.  the mangoberry was DELICIOUS.  all of the fresh fruit.. what more could you need on a summer day? especially under the las vegas sun.. a nice little add-on to this place is the chocolate covered strawberry you get with each order. yummSandwiches worth noting: asian bbq and crab/avocadosoups: tried the gumbo and the bisque. both were decent but not the strong suit at this spot.
5	We heard about this place from a fellow yelp fan. From the time we walked in the door and were greeted with a friendly smile and offered to have recommendations made to us we were impressed! Also my wife loved that there are signs telling you step by step how to order. For $7.99 you get a great value I had the Italian club it was Great! And a bowl of New England Clam chowder which was awesome! All this for $7.99!!! Oh! Wait! I forgot to say you also get a piece of yummy bread to wipe the soup bowl clean and a chocolate covered strawberry for desert! My wife had the Wisconsin cauliflower cheddar soup and the Asian chicken sandwich I truly believed she was going to lick the bowl clean she enjoyed the soup that much lol . We walked out of there truly happy and full! We can't wait to go back and will tell all of our friends and family about this place!
3	This was a solid, but not spectacular lunch.  We arrived shortly after opening at 11 on a weekday.  There were a couple of people already ahead of us in line.  It's a bit overwhelming, lots of soup, salads, and sandwiches to choose from.  You can sample the soups, which was cool.  My favorites were the gumbo and clam chowder, I'll order one of those next time we eat here.  For lunch, I had the bacon turkey and honey mustard sandwich with the BBQ chicken salad.  The sandwich was pretty average, I could have easily made it at home.  White bread with a bit of turkey and decent honey mustard smashed with a Panini press.  I was not impressed and won't order this again, don't know why I talked myself out of the pulled pork.The salad was a good portion for the price, the chicken had no flavor, but the BBQ sauce was good.  I could have used more, also more onions.  No heat on this salad, I'll try to see if they have jalapenos or something next time.  Salads come with bread, which was no good, and a chocolate covered strawberry, which was fantastic.  It was a very good quality strawberry, juicy and deep red  color.  The wife had the Wisconsin cauliflower soup with the red pepper Caesar salad.  I liked the salad, but it needed a little more dressing.  It was dry, but too much dressing would have drowned it.  The soup was very surprising, I am not a cauliflower person so I was not expecting to like it.  But, it's basically a cheese soup.  Yet another example that soups and stews are great places to hide veggies.  It was thick and hearty, a definite repeat.Service was great, everyone was friendly, and even with all the options, the line moves along very quickly.  I think this location has found a place that will be here for several years.
5	Food is incredible. I loved their Nuts About Berries salad. I have a sweet tooth and it definitely hit the spot. Their veggie sandwich was delicious and their bread was soft and perfect. It was my first time but I will surely be going back.
5	Awesome food. So much better than normal fast food. Everything is so fresh and finally another restaurant that had mello yellow. Would definitely recommend and will be my new homegrown soup, salad and  sandwiches.
4	It is always hard finding a healthy place to eat that is quick and delicious. Cafe Zupas fills that quota.Their price is very reasonable and cheaper than other places like panera or corner bakery.  They have a good price on a combo deal for $7.99I usually pick a sandwich and half soup.  My favorite soup there is Roasted Red Pepper and Lobster soup and my favorite sandwich is the turkey bacon avocado.The place is setup like a cafeteria style where you order in line and your food will be given to you at the cash register once it is done and you go find a table to sit down on.When the place is busy a worker will help you find a table and they also clean up your mess for you when you are done eating.Try stopping by and giving this place a chance
5	Seems I've stumbled upon another salad, soup & sandwich location with wifi. These places will always have a special meaning to me. Ok on with the review,  ( that's 2 thumbs up for the none iphone users). The vibe of this place gives me a relaxed & above average cafe style eatery. They gave a great selection of salads, soups & sandwiches all conveniently laid out in description which helps. There's a $7.99 special which you pick 2 out the 3( soup, salad or sandwich) which isn't bad. I had the $7.99 special, a turkey & avocado sandwich, a chicken caesar salad  and greedy me had to have the Lobster & red pepper soup. For some reason I can never pass up on lobster soups, this one was delicious, and yes I plan on returning to have this soup again. They also had gumbo on the soup menu which made the "soup choosing" selection hard but lobster wins every time. Something about this place I like, maybe the cleanliness, the brightness or could be the free wifi sign on the door. Whatever it is I plan on returning.. That's for certain. PS: and you get chocolate strawberries with your meal.. #sweet
4	Quick review: Have eaten there twice, first experience was stellar, second experience was flawed and they forgot to add chicken on my chicken salad (to go order). In depth review: great concept. Fast and somewhat healthy options and very reasonably priced. This is the first restaurant to go into that location that is actually busy so they must be doing something right. Some fine and tasty salads, soups and sandwich options. They give you a chocolate covered strawberry and thats' a neat lil touch. Complaints - 1) Forgot my chicken on my chicken salad when it was crunch time on a busy Friday night. Doh! 2) Lack of healthy soup options. All the soup options that I have sampled are damn tasty but they are loaded with sodium and in a heavy cream sauce. Would like to see some chicken broth  stock options w/ less sodium. 3) Parking is difficult know that the property owners have jammed 4 busy restaurants in that corner. Overall - I think this place will do just fine. Great concept with fresh, fast, reasonably priced and somewhat healthy food. Reminds me of that other Utah based chain across the street, Cafe Rio. Utah chains are solid.
4	We ate there on Friday around noon. Our first experience is mixed. Our choices included the Wisconsin Cauliflower soup and the lobster bisque. In addition I had the Thai mango chicken salad. Both soups had great flavors; however, they were served lukewarm, at best. I do wish they would share their nutritional values for their food items.
3	Ok this place needs some tweaking but its alright by me. First off if you do not know this place look online or grab a menu before you get in line. They are practically pushy to keep that line moving and under pressure you'll quite possibly forget something or order something nasty to try out... I think the way to is the soup and salad combo. For 7.99 you are full or you can share if you had breakfast or want dinner later... depending on your plans. We got lobster bisque and tomato risotto, a few turkey sandwiches etc. Both were good, not excellent. I noticed most of the soups are creamy, milky and heavy. There needs to be a tortellini broth or something healthier as a choice too. The sandwiches have cheap deli meat. Everyone liked their food but no one loved it enough to rave about it. A step above Jimmy Johns but I'd still rather go to Panera. The cons are the atmosphere is awful , and the parking is tough in that corner. It is very loud like a school lunchroom.  :( And they have these signs all over the place stating "please don't hold your table" ... as if! Give me a break if you are paying 25.00 for lunch I say sit your tushie down and relax. You are already getting your own food and drinks... So for me this is an _ If I am in the area and want soup and it's a slow hour I might go in and get some soup to go kind of place. But that's about it. No one wanted to go back in that line or that noise again. Not worth travelling for unless its really your bag.
1	I was so excited to try this place! I dragged my sisters and boyfriend here for lunch... Highly disappointed :( I love soup and was eager to try all the soups they had... I ordered the mushroom bisque after having samples of the lobster and cauliflower. Needless to say, I prefer Campbell's mushroom soup from the can. I got the pick 2 combo, turkey bacon avocado. Again, first bite I was disappointed. For some reason, the sandwich was sweet? I asked for regular yellow mustard, and when I opened my sandwich the bread looked like it was drizzled with honey. I literally took a few bites and called it quits. My boyfriend and sisters, also not impressed. Only thing my boyfriend liked was the sauce they used on his Italian club. I did enjoy the complimentary chocolate covered strawberry though. Definitely made the lunch better. Sadly, I will not be returning. I'll stick to canned soup and homemade sandwiches or Panera Bread.
5	Loved this place! Tried it out recently for the first time. The staff were all friendly and nice. It was pretty easy to order and had a casual ambience. This is comparable to Panera Bread. They have more choices and some could consider their soups, salads and sandwiches as a bit more high-end (items like lobster bisque and crab sandwiches!) They include French bread and chocolate covered strawberries with each order which is a mega +.
5	The roasted red pepper and lobster was amazing!! As long as you don't mind a bit of spice. Plus you get a little bread and a chocolate dipped strawberry. It doesn't get much better.
4	4.9 StarsLocation Overview:This location is in a great strip mall on Eastern. It definitely has a the new business feeling to it. As soon as you walk in you can tell that everything is brand new and clean. Most definitely give them 5.0 Star for the over all view of this location. However, the concept is a little confusing. You pick either a soup and sandwich, soup and salad, or a sandwich and salad. When you are in line you kind of have to jump ahead of people depending on what meal you choose or you have to go to the end of the line again. Customer Service:Customer service at this location is decent. After looking at the menu, you get in line and the first person asks if they can make you a salad or a sandwich. Once you have chosen your salad and/or sandwich you choose your soup if that is your other entree. They give you testers for the soup (great choices for meat eaters, vegetarians, and vegans). Once you have gotten your entree you get a big piece of bread and a chocolate covered strawberry (which is DELICIOUS) and an extra charger for your drink if you choose to get one. **********As my first time here I was excited to try this place because my parents have gone to this location several times and have experienced great service. I am not sure if the young man was confused but my boyfriend and I ordered the same thing and we actually wind up missing a sandwich. So we waited about 5 minutes and no one said anything. After we told a manager at the cash register about the other sandwich that we were missing she took care of it right away. Quantity/Quality:The Honey Bacon Club sandwich is a good choice. It has a sweet taste from honey mustard. The bacon is crispy The turkey and ham slices are tender. I got the New England Clam Chowder. I added bacon bites to my soup and it most definitely is a great choice of soup. The quality of the food is definitely fresh and great. I would have to say that the quality of the food here is just as good as a 5 Star High End restaurant. The quantity of the food is more than enough. you get two entrees a big piece of bread and a chocolate covered strawberry as well as your drink. My father is around 185lbs and he gets full on this. Side Notes:Great for a lunch/dinner date. Kids menu has a good quantity of food. Expect to leave full and satisfied.
3	We came here on opening day and it was packed. We came back a few months later and things were much more mellow. The food here is OK. The turkey on the TBA panini has the texture of packaged butterball turkey lunchmeat, not something that is "fresh and homemade" like they say. The salads here are above average but nothing special. The soups are what make this place desirable. The lobster bisque, even though I swear on opening day had large chunks of actual lobster, is sweet and tasty. The clam chowder is also very good. I love that they give you chocolate covered strawberries with every meal and their soda bar makes it worth a comeback visit. The prices here are also pretty good for what you get.
5	Stop reading Yelp reviews and just go to Zupa's. If you don't like it, well, you're wrong and you're a stupid face and I just don't like you.
2	The food is full of calories and completely empty. You'll down 1500 calories in a couple minutes and leave hungry. Plus, no nutritional guide on their website? ? For real? Even Burger King and Mcdonalds have nutritional guides! And by comparison, you should probably eat there. You'll be downing the same amount of calories from BK/McD's that you'll take in at Zupas; you might as well leave satisfied. (Not that I recommend eating BK or McD's on a regular basis.) I think this place tries to appear healthy, and they're definitely trying to present a product that is superior to fast food chains. A little more bourgeois for the types that refuse to eat at traditional fast food joints. However, the devil is in the details. I would say this place is dangerous for anyone trying to lose weight. And It appears that those who are looking for "healthier" fast food options, are Zupas secret demographic. (And young people, of course. Quite obviously! There's a smart phone charging station, Duh!) You'll leave this place filling light, completely unaware that you just consumed about the same amount of calories found in a Double Whopper. And then an hour later, you'll be eating again. No worries, Zupas asks "please don't hold your table" not that they really give you a choice. Large reverse vacuum pipes blow subzero air directly above most tables. Therefore, they'll definitely be a free table waiting for you to come back and consume more! If you're not a calorie counter, the food is decent enough, I guess. If you're hungry when you leave, however, I wouldn't say it's a very good value.
5	The team here is absolutely amazing. The customer service is unlike anywhere else and the prices are more than fair. In addition, the food tastes great- I truly have no complaints. Thank you so much :)
1	I tried to substitute tomatoes for onions and they charged me 59 cent!  They are nickel and dining me... must be struggling
5	Love Cafe Zupas! My sister got me hooked, their salads are so yummy! I always recommend we go there for our lunches with our office.
3	This was my first time here. We were greeted at the door and were told how their ordering works which I thought was really nice. I ordered a ultimate grilled cheese sandwich and a bowl of Wisconsin cauliflower soup. The sandwich was cold and lacked flavor. The soup could have been a bit warmer but was still delicious. As for the free strawberry, it didn't have much chocolate and had a mushy spot in it. I give 3 stars for the service, the cleanliness of the restaurant and the soup. I was also disappointed in the parking lot having so many spots that were 30 minutes or less. I may give it a second chance. I'm not sure
5	Great place for a quick lunch. Customer service is outstanding! I order the salad & sandwich combo ($8). The food is fresh & prepared quickly.
4	I have ordered Zupas on two separate occasions for our office luncheon.  They are always extremely friendly and helpful on the phone when ordering and the delivery girls are super friendly as well.  The food is inexpensive and good.  The Lobster Bisque is my favorite!
5	Well.....We were going to anther place in the area that we frequent!  I decided I wanted to check out the menu at Zupas!  The menu is a little overwhelming, along with the workers trying to talk to you ( shussssh please)  So anyway I got the Italian sandwich, as he made that he told me I can go and taste some of the soups!  OMG!  I thought I was a clam chowder gail!   NOPE  I'm an Italian German Sausage girl.  You also get a chocolate covered strawberry with your meal!    Only problem I had, the sandwich had too much bread on it.  So once I got home, I shaved a little off the top.....And I shaved a little off the bottom, and I was good to go!
4	I quickly became a regular here as soon as I discovered cafe Zupas. Every time I feel like to eat healthy and cheap, Zupas is my to go place. For $7.99, you will get to chose to have 2 of fallowing. (whole sandwich, half salad, half soup) You will also get one complimentary strawberry dipped in chocolate and one piece of bread with your meal. I usually order half soup and half salad if I want to eat light. And the complimentary bread is carb of my meal. Everything here is very fresh. My fav soups are roasted bell pepper, cauliflower and lobster bisque. Fav salads are Vermont maple blueberry and honey chipotle chicken. My fav sandwich is Asian BBQ pork. All sandwich and salad are made to order, and they only use fresh ingredients. Zupas also does catering for party!
3	Average food at average price. Menu is small and simple and the food comes as ordered. High school cafeteria feel to it. Tables placed in high traffic spots that get you bumped all the time while eating. The place was super busy so they must be doing something right. Not my thing tho
2	Decided on the soup and sandwich combo for my meal. I ordered the BBQ Asian Sandwich and was told to order my soup down the line. I made my way around a woman ordering a salad and there were 2 other people waiting on soup. It seems that you just move around the same people in line because the system is either broken or the staff is just as confused as some patrons. The food was just ok, I prefer other delis over this place. I like the fact they let you sample soup before picking you selection and the staff is friendly, just not organized. They give you bread with your order and a partially dipped chocolate covered strawberry. Nice offer but not worth another visit.
4	I really loved the creamy cauliflower soup and the salads are great and fresh! Customer service was great as we'll! I'll definitely go back. The vegetarian options are plentiful!
5	For their niche I think they totally nailed it! Great clean tasting food, clean, bright atmosphere and friendly service! We decided to come here after our workout and left feeling awesome. They close early so be mindful, also they are closed on Sundays :/. Five stars from me!
5	Everything I've tried at Cafe Zupas has been great, but the Ultimate Grilled Cheese is a stand out. The pesto sauce they use on a few of their sandwiches is the best. As for soups: Cauliflower, White Bean, Mushroom, and Lobster Bisque are all amazing! Their product is always fresh. It's nice to have a go-to healthy option in the neighborhood, only downfall is it's closed on Sunday. The chocolate covered strawberry that they give to everyone is the perfect dessert.
2	This place would get 0 stars if the pulled pork sandwich wasnt spot on. salads were very mediocre. not sure why this place gets the reviews it gets but it is fast and has some unique features such as the charging station. food was blah. got the tomato soup mac n cheese couple diff salads and a carmel cookie. You can get better soup from the can and better salad at sweet tomatos. not for me
4	This place is really good.  It has a great selection of sandwiches, soups and salads.  You can get a combo for $7.99 and a kids combo for $3.99.  All combos come with a cocolate covered strawberry!  Yum!  They also have a good drink station where you can create your own drinks!  This place is nicely decorated and the staff is helpful and friendly!
4	Great place for fresh and healthy food.  Everyone in the line is very helpful and everything moves along quickly.  For a sandwich/salad/soup shop it is a bit on the pricier side but still worth it.
5	Love this place!!! The salads are made fresh in front of you, the soups are delicious, as are the sandwiches. I love the Italian syrups you can customize with soda water or tea. It's delicious!!!
2	Cafe Zupas.....I want to like you, but I think we are done.  My lunch today was far from stellar.  Here is a basic breakdown-1. This place now has a "B" from the SNHD.  I almost turned around and left based on that.  How hard is it to keep it clean and store your food properly?2. The ordering process is a lesson in inefficiency.  Too many hands in the cookie jar.  They had eight employees behind the line and I bet they can do better with four.  First you have to tell the salad person what you want.  Then you have to tell a sandwich person what you want, and then you have to tell the soup person what you want.  After all this, you now have to repeat the order to someone organizing it.  Finally, you have to repeat your order AGAIN to the person checking you out.  Seriously?  Who thought of this?  Why on earth can't you just order everything from the first person and then pay without having to repeat it all?  It's called a POS system, use it!3. I have been here about a dozen times.  After the second visit, I quit ordering sandwiches altogether.  They are as hard as rocks, bland, and comprised of cold cuts I can buy at any grocery store.4. The salads are large, even for a half size, and a good deal.  Nothing off the charts, but good.  I mean, it is a salad.5. The soups are good as well, except on a few occasions.  My tomato soup today had an aftertaste of seafood.  This may be where the "B" from the food inspection comes into play.  They are likely not storing their soups properly, or mixing utensils.  Be very careful of this place if you have a seafood allergy.  There is no way they can verify that occasionally things get mixed up.  Especially when you have so many people prepping orders.6. This place is very good for kids.That's about it.  For me, there are just too many other places in Vegas to get soup, salads, and sandwiches.  Next time I am in this shopping area I will be trying Smash Burger or the wood fired pizza place.  I'm putting Cafe Zupas on the back burner for the foreseeable future.
4	I was seriously overwhelmed when I walked into this place. For some reason, I thought it was a sit down restaurant. Nope. It's like Panera meets Chipotle for soups, salads, and sandwiches.A friend and I both got the combo thingy, full sandwich and 1/2 soup or salad. There were tons of options, so it's easy to find something everyone likes. I ended up with the HBC (honey bacon club) sandwich and summer chicken salad. The HBC was smaller than I thought but actually filling. It was a panini and came out super fast, warm, and was melty & cheesy. The salad was also yummy, refreshing, and a larger portion than I thought. It was hard finishing both items, but I got them down without feeling like I hated my life. I did notice there were tons of people behind the counter. Like, TONS. There was a person to hand my food to the other person to hand the food to the cashier. I have no idea if it's because the place is so new and everyone is in training, but I thought it was a bit overwhelming. There was a also a "touch screen & recharge" station in the restaurant for you to charge your electronic devices and such. Not sure if that fit in with the whole image of the restaurant, but I can see how it's functional for busy business people who want a quick lunch.All in all, it was overwhelming but I'd go back. There were tons of choices, tons of people working, but tons of seating and the tables turned around quickly. Notably thought, there are only 2 bathroom stalls in the women's restroom. But $10 for a decent sized and tasty lunch isn't bad. I would definitely go back.
4	This place is outstanding!  I usually don't write reviews for chain restaurants and franchises, but this place was so good that I think people in Las Vegas should know about it.  At first, I thought this place would be like a Panera.  It serves the same types of food as Panera, but the quality is significantly superior.  I've been here twice, and each time I got the Pick 2 option for $7.99.  This includes a full-size sandwich and a salad or soup.  I ordered the Vegetarian sandwich both times, and I had the vegetable soup on one occasion and the MangoBerry salad on the other.  All of these items were excellent.  the MangoBerry salad was the best salad I've had in a long time.  It's actually a very healthy salad, but I felt like I was eating candy.  The soup was also really good.  They also have a very extensive soda selection, and additional flavors of syrup that you can squirt into your soda to give it unique tastes.  The complementary chocolate covered strawberry is also a very nice touch.  There's a very modern, clean feel to this restaurant.  They have a "recharge station" where you can plug in your laptop or cell phone.  It seems like the type of place where they wouldn't mind if you want to come and work on your laptop for a while.  The only reason I didn't give them five stars is because their employees are a little overly-friendly.  From the second you walk in to the place, there's a person holding the door open for you, and all too eager to tell you about what's on the menu and how to order.  Whoever owns this place would do well to tell the employees to back off just a little and give customers a chance to look up at their menu on their own and take it all in.This is definitely a great place with nice atmosphere and good food at great prices.  I'll come here again.
5	Randomly stumbled into this place while driving along eastern looking for something to eat.  So i read the as "zapatos" at first which made me think it was a really odd name for a restaurant since "shoes" isn't something you'd associate with food... anyway moving on.   So the name got my attention at first, jumped on yelp and solid reviews.  F it... let's give it a shot.. wow... menu appears a tad overwhelming at first even though it's not overly complicated.  The combos are definitely worth your money, with 1/2 soup/salad with a sandwich for $7.99 or so.    Had the HBC and the asian peanut salad thing (forget what it's called, too lazy to look at their menu).. both were stellar and worth repeating.  They let you sample all the soup you want and so far I haven't been disappointed.  The lobster bisque and the tortilla soup were both excellent.  The girlfriend liked the few diff salads she's tried and the veg sandwich.  The place is super quick with your food and travels pretty damn well for the to-go orders.  They always give a chocolate covered strawberry with your order which... eh.. isn't always the freshest... it's "free" with your order so not going to knock anything down for that.  Anyway... in short... good food... it's fast... def place worth repeating.
1	This review is only for dessert. I tried the salted caramel brulee and was not too thrilled. For 3.29 I basically got a small cup of custard with some caramel sauce on top. I didn't expect anything fancy but I did expect better quality and taste. The service lacked there are just children working there even the manager looked like a child. There was about 6 of them just standing around talking when we came in and didn't even greet us. And the signs on the tables about not saving your seat? Who comes up with this stuff? It makes me feel not welcome and its very uninviting.
3	Came back to Cafe Zupas and got a pretty good bowl of clam chowder. I've tried a lot of soups here and they are all delicious. I would say my favorites are the mushroom and lobster bisque. They also have a really good variety of salads which are also delicious. I really like this place but the reasons for my 3 star rating is because of the sandwiches and the conveyer belt style ordering system. It is a very mechanical system. This would work if there was better communication among the staff. Almost every time the last person I talk to is asking me what I ordered and has to scramble back down the line to find out. Also If you only do 3 things (soups, salad, sandwiches) then you should be able to pay more attention to detail. The sandwiches are sub par and not put together very well. I would recommend if you come here to stick to the soup and salad.
5	The food is very good.  When ever we travel to Vegas it is a must stop.  The BBC chicken salad is great.   Very reasonable prices.  Helpful staff. Lots of caffeine free choices of beverages.
4	The food is so fresh and so good! The enchilada soup and the cauliflower soup are very tasty. You can't go wrong with a restaurant that gives you a chocolate covered strawberry!
4	Nice little spot to grab a healthy lunch. I love the BBQ Chicken Salad and their Mushroom Soup is amazing!!!
1	No clue how this place gets more then 2 stars. Soups I have ordered nasty......................... pulled pork sandwich nasty!! Tried this place twice but both times disappointingOne more thing you have to order your food about 3 times before you pay ANNOYING!!
4	I really like this place. There are lots of options to choose from. They have a great try two combo which you can choose soup, salad or sandwich. Try the roasted red pepper lobster soup by far my fave. I will be returning in the near future!
4	This place is great if you are in a hurry to grab lunch like I was today. The staff is super friendly and they were quick to move people threw the line.My small complaint is that I ordered a half chopped chicken salad and they didn't put the egg or bacon on it. :(. I also ordered the honey bacon club. That was made right and was super delicious!It was combo and reasonably priced for the amount of food you get. I got the sandwich, a half salad (which is pretty big) and then they add in bread and a chocolate covered strawberry all for under $9!!!I will be going back and would recommend it to others
4	Delicious food!  I love how fresh everything looks and tastes.  Service is quick, staff is friendly.  I like the fact I can taste the soup before buying and especially love the chocolate covered strawberry with the meal!  I will definitely come back!
2	On the positive side: Employees were friendly & the decor was contemporary & tasteful. Zupe has the vibe of a bustling cafeteria, which is fine if that's what you're in the mood for. They have soup, sandwiches and salads. I wanted something fresh and healthy so I ordered a chicken salad with berries & grapes and stuff. It sounded good but the reality of it was pretty pitiful. It had 3 strips of chicken on it, like 1 strawberry and a few grapes. Something tasted freezer burnt. It was so bland & sad. There's no pride in the preparation. Its made in an assembly line. Someone puts on 1-2 ingredients, then passes it to the next person who adds a couple ingredients. I'm sure its to expedite the process but what ends up happening is food is just thrown together. And as we all know... We eat with our eyes first. After a few bites, I had no interest in continuing with the salad. So I opted for the BBQ Pork Sandwich. It was fine. Edible but not great. Personally I'm not likely to go back. I'll get my soup/ salad fix at Sweet Tomatoes.
5	Five-stars for five reasons:1. Service is amazing. Someone is always at the front door to greet you, lead you in, and ask if you need any of their recommendations. When it's your first time here, it really helps eliminate confusion and makes you feel less rushed to pick all of the great choices they have on their menu. You go down a line of people, each at their food stations and ready to prepare your meal! They've got quite a system lined up, and it totally works. You'll see what I mean. With that said...2. Salads, sandwiches, and soups galore! I get the Try 2 Combo for $7.99 any time I go. It's gives you so much freedom of choice and is a dirt cheap deal for what you are getting. You can get soup and salad, or salad and a sandwich... You get it. The big plus? IT IS ALL HEALTHY. You also receive a slice of French bread and a chocolate-covered strawberry with the meal to top it all off.***My recommendation is the Mango Berry Salad and the Pesto Chicken Panini. I am obsessed with both.3. There is tons of seating. Booths line the windows and there are tables spaced out on the open floor. There is even a "charge" bar for your phones and laptops with little mini touch screens in front of you to play with. They have free wifi, although I haven't gone there for business- always for pleasure in the yummy food! Then again, I find it great  that customers are provided that option.4. This is definitely a place for socialization for me, and is also family-oriented. I mentioned booths lining the windows because at each corner there are these huge booths that could probably seat 6-8 people at least! I like that fact for some odd reason. Maybe it's because any time I've been here, I am either catching up with friends, planning events to do later in the week, or sitting down with my other half and discussing how my day was. That's the kind of eating environment Zupas gives me- one where I can really sit down and ENJOY my meal.5. I have never been disappointed, and sometimes that is hard to come by. I leave happy and full and.. plain old satisfied. ALSO, hard to come by. I am so glad its locations is so close to home for me. It has some competition for sure, considering the high volume of other restaurants located along Eastern Ave. But once you try it, you may think a little differently in that sense, and become a regular like me! P.S. Don't panic when you find there are no trash cans to discard your waste or areas to place your bowls, plates and utensils! I think they do this on purpose. It's their way of saying.. "Don't worry about it, I've got it and I'll take care of it. Have a nice day!" :)
1	I am not a fan of the food at all. The salad was drenched in dressing. Not healthy and not delicious. There was no attention to how the salad was made. It was just thrown together. Go to soup plantation or sweet tomato if that's what you want. You will spend a lot less and have a better salad. For what you get, the food wasn't cheap. Also they will ask If you want something but they won't tell you it's an extra fee. I caught them doing that to everyone in my room and when I pointed out the fees before we paid no one caught on. So beware!Overall I would not go back. I was unimpressed by the salad because the flavors were off and nothing seemed fresh. Most of the food seems prepackaged or filled with preservatives. I can't presume that the food here is unhealthy but in no way would I consider it a place where I would go if I were being health conscious. It really seems full of preservatives and not very fresh.  Salad places should be full of raw food options that are fresh and unique in flavor. My opinion... Go to presto instead. Make the drive to rainbow and tropicana! P.S. I'm not affiliated with Presto I was just super impressed by the food! Sadly very disappointed in this place.
4	Really enjoyed this place!! This was my first time going and I will go again. This is not a sit down restaurant like some people think. You have to wait in line for your food and seat yourself. This didn't bother me at all, for me it works because I have small children. It's noisy so if my kids scream, like they always do.. no one will mind.We ordered the crab and avocado  sandwich and it was so good! Lots of crab and avocado, while I'm not crazy about warm avocado it was fine. Mango berry salad was the thing I was most excited about trying and it was just okay. I thought I ordered a large but I guess they gave me a half and forgot to put any almonds on it. Hardly no dressing but from what I could taste the dressing was good. Next time I'm skipping this. The best thing we had was the Lobster Bisque. It was a huge portion for $6! It had actual lobster pieces in it and other vegetables and a great flavor. I would come back to try other things. It's very cheap and for the quality of the food it's great!
5	I had been meaning to try out Cafe Zupas but never had the chance to but last night, I was lucky enough to come here with my family for dinner. They have a menu filled with sandwiches, salads, and soups. The best part about them? $7.99 combos. You get your choice of two items -- full sandwich, half salad, half soup. So we all went for a combo. I personally got the Honey Bacon Club panini, which had turkey, ham, smoked bacon, tomatoes, muenster cheese, and house-made honey mustard spread. Now, I've never been a huge salad person but they had so many different types of fruity salads. I just had to go for half of their Summer Chicken salad, which had chicken, fresh strawberries, cashews, dried cranberries, & grapes on a bed of mixed greens with house-made fresh strawberry vinaigrette dressing. Along with your full orders, you get bread and a chocolate covered strawberry. Their sandwich? Not really all that memorable. It was quite thin. Don't get me wrong ... it was good but it wasn't great. I could've honestly just passed it up because their salad just out shined it by a few thousand miles.I love strawberries so at the first bite of this summer chicken salad, I was in heaven. Why? Their strawberry vinaigrette dressing is to DIE FOR. It's amazing ..and the cashews add a nice touch of flavor into it as well. My goodness. I don't think I've had such an amazing salad elsewhere before. I think I just found my favorite place. This place would be PERFECT for summer. I'm just craving their salads right now and will be coming back soon! VERY SOON! I can't wait to try all of their fruity salads!!
5	OMG YES. So delicious.  Great service.  I am actually going here today for lunch.  I wish they were opened on Sundays, but I get it...every biz deserves a day off.  I ordered the lobster bisque, grilled bbq chicken salad....everytime....well today I will try something different, since I am no longer eating meat...my favorite is the soda bar :)
2	It's okay. It's quick and easy while I'm on my lunch from school. The salad dressings are really bland and they charge little hidden fees for toppings in the soup even though the soup is advertised that way then they don't ask if you want the toppings and just put them on so you kinda have no choice. They also never ask me what size I want my items and give me the large which sucks because I can't eat all that.
5	The only complaint I have about this place is that it is closed on Sundays. Quick, easy, fresh, and tasty. Love the ambiance, friendly staff, and just a great concept. Give it a shot, you won't be sorry.
4	I don't care for the deli meats but the fresh desserts, soups and salads are delish. I don't like the loud ambiance so I get it Togo. Nice healthy lunch spot.
4	Delightful , fresh & healthy food! I had the Thai chicken mango salad with a small bowl of tomato basil soup. The salad had super fresh lettuce and the fruit was ripe and delicious. It had a little spicy heat as well (not much) but nice. The soup was good tasting but I wished the temperature was hotter. It was just warm. Hubby had the Vermont maple blueberry salad and it was even better than mine!The menu is big! Can't wait to try everything. The servers are above and beyond nice. (Almost freakishly over nice) Closed Sundays! FYI
2	This place wasn't anything special. In my opinion there are better places to get better quality soups and salads.I ordered the BBQ chicken salad which wasn't terrible but they mix the dressing in, and there was so much of it, the salad was almost completely white. I also got the tortilla soup in which I took only 2 bites because it was WAY too salty. The sodium level in it exceeded the canned stuff! My husband is a health nut and hated everything about this place. Most likely won't be back. With all the options of eateries in Henderson, I know I can find better.
4	Incredible selection of soup, salad and sandwiches. My second visit here and its been pleasant so far. When I arrived, there was someone greeting all the customers at the door asking if they needed help choosing from the menu. So with that being said, this restaurant was welcoming. I ordered the tasty honey bacon club which was delicious.  Every meal comes with a complimentary chocolate covered strawberry, but because I have a sweet tooth I decided to order more. A dollar per strawberry is a bit overpriced but it was indeed amazing.
4	It's the little things that make good places great, and Cafe Zupas does that well. The food is good, especially for the value. Went there for dinner and got the soup/sandwich combo. The small soup, bread and 1/2 of the sandwich filled me up, so I took the other 1/2 for tomorrow's lunch :)The chicken tortilla soup was slightly salty, but the flavor was still pretty good. On the other hand, the crab avocado sandwich could have used a little more salt, but again, still pretty good.The complimentary chocolate covered strawberries are a fantastic touch! Nice end to the meal. They also have a cool drink bar where you can create your own specialty beverages. There are a few suggestions listed on the cup.All in all, they do a great job of distinguishing themselves from Panera (or other similar concepts). Cheerful staff, bright, clean interior. Definitely coming back again soon!
4	Love the wild mushroom soup here. One complaint I have is it is not HOT enough. To me it should be hot no matter what because of health regulation. free chocolate dipped strawberries.
2	I was pleasantly surprised the first time I went to cafe Zupas. The sandwiches that I was interested in were very good and the clam chowder was nice and thick. I would have definitely given it 4 stars. Not all good things last though. I recently went for the 3rd time and was very disappointed. First off they had decided to discontinue the sale of some of their very good sandwiches including the Thai peanut sandwich and Asian Pork sandwich. I particularly liked these sandwiches because they tasted great and they were unique. I had another sandwich which was just ok. In addition, the clam chowder was now very watery. I probably will not be back.I do have to point out though that the customer service is always very good and they have other food choices but after their decisions about what they are excluding it just left a bad taste in my mouth (figuratively).
5	Walked in and was greeted at the door by q young lady who offered to make recommendations (which was good considering it was my first time here). She recommended for me to try the 2 choice combo. I ordered what she said what the most popular sandwich (pulled pork BBQ) and it was great, along side the nuts about berries salad an that was great as well. Service was great and everyone was giddy and smiley. One thing they should work on is the organization of the line in which you order because the further you go down the line, the staff losses order of who ordered what food. They give you a chocolate covered strawberry with your order and that's a great complimentary dessert. Environment is awesome and they play fun music. Very clean and they have a "rechargeable bar" for electronic devices. Overall GREAT JOB CAFE ZUPAS!! WILL BE BACK!
2	If you are looking for a sandwich there are better options even in the same complex. The salad was good and the chocolate strawberry at the end was a nice touch, but it couldn't overcome the prepackaged wet lunch meat sandwich. Had heard a ton of good things about it, but one visit was enough for me.
5	Invariably good here!! Fresh food, prepared as you watch, fast service . I am still in love with the lobster bisque ! Mango berry salad is amazing ! Fast, fresh , good prices!
4	Food is great for the style it is. But Nothing spectacular. Our kids love it, especially the tomato basil soup.  Only complaint is that you have to repeat your orders about 3 times to 3 different people before you pay. Very annoying. They should do something about that so you only order one time.
2	You will definitely have a solid 4 Stars if you train your employees NOT to go over board with the "precise portion controls" at the salad station.   Get smaller serving spoons and GIVE "HEAPING PORTIONS".   If you are so worried about a few tomato pieces or cucumbers cutting into your profits, you are worrying about the wrong thing!!  It's all about perception folks.  Food was great, but felt cheated.  Loosen up and let the consumer feel like they are getting a great value.
2	This is my second time here and the food is decent and great for quick service. Unfortunately, something about the food this time made my girlfriend and I have an upset stomach. I think it was the soups. Eek!
5	Great food! Many options to choose from for salads, sandwiches and soup. Even more if you mix 2 soups - the Wisconsin and Mushroom together are great! :-)
4	I go here just for the Wisconsin cheddar soup. Yum....purrrrrrr.   It's smooth and tasty and warms the belly.  Sandwiches are okay.  Nothing great (I'm not a fan of pressed meats). Salads are fresh.
1	Both sandwiches blew. Honestly. I want my $19 back. The honey bacon turkey, or whatever the hell I ordered, had "fake turkey"... really? It's not like I went to a place known for pasta and ordered a sandwich. It's a SANDWICH SHOP, and they skimp on the quality of their deli meats. *smdh*The sandwich itself was way too greasy and the honey mustard was neon yellow in color. Terrifying. Hubs ordered the pork sandwich and it was dry (no bbq sauce?), there wasn't any sort of seasoning on the cabbage, the whole thing was just overwhelmed by the choice of thick ciabatta bread. Soup was okay, but not very hot. I did think the stale piece of bread and 2 rotted "chocolate covered" strawberries were an excellent touch. *side eye*
5	Great Place to Eat.  Loved the Sandwiches, the Soup and also the Salad.
5	I love this place! It's always quick service with a very friendly smile! The food is good. My favorite is the crab melt and lobster bisque!
5	Although I dislike spending more than $10 for lunch, I had to give it to Cafe Zupas- this was WELL worth the $11 price tag!! Apparently, I just missed the lunchtime rush, because when I arrived, it was nearly empty, but there was a pretty long line when I walked out of the door. The restaurant is extremely clean and bright, which is always a plus. They have a wide variety of soups, salads and sandwiches. The soups are pre-made, but you can get a variety of add-ons, such as bacon bits, croutons, etc. The sandwiches are made to order, and they fix the salads right in front of you.I decided to get the "pick 2 combo" with the lobster bisque and the crab and avocado melt sandwich. With a drink,  I was at an $11 lunch. I was mentally grumbling under my breath until I saw the size of the bowl of soup, the hunk of bread for dipping, the beautiful sandwich, and the chocolate covered strawberry for dessert! WOW!When I took my first sip of the soup... I thought I'd gone to heaven! I seriously could have taken a bath in that lobster bisque! Rich, creamy, full of flavor and lobster. Just that alone would have been worth close to $10. The sandwich was just as good, full of crab, tomato, avocado and bacon strips. I especially appreciated that the bread, while warm and toasty, was not hard and crunchy (I have a fundamental opposition to crunchy, hard bread). I had to exercise some restraint and ask for a box so I could have the other half for dinner. The employees of the restaurant were all very nice and friendly and they will bus your table for you. I don't get out to Hender-tucky very often, but Zupas will be on my return list for lunch!
5	Two words "Lobster Bisque". Oh its heavenly good. The salads as fresh as it gets. This is one of my new favorites. Too bad there isn't one close to work for me. I would probably be there two or three times a week easily.
4	The food is good at a reasonable price and you are normally at your table eating within a few minutes of walking in. Greater variety and much better food  for a similar price that you would pay for greasy burger and fries at any of the take out joints.
5	This place was awesome! The pick two option is great for around $8.50. Come with salad sandwich or soup. I got salad and a turkey artichoke pesto panini which was AMAZING. Definitley would come back. Bigger portions than panera bread. Super fast service and everyone was very friendly.
5	This place is wonderful...can't wait to bring my mom here. It has great healthy choices and wonderful desserts if your not being so good
5	This place rocks.  I love it here.  If you like soup this is for you. I love the wild mushroom soup it's the best I have ever had.  How I order the combo with Italian and wild mushroom soup (but I ask for a large bowl). All the good is great the chocolate covered strawberry is a nice touch. Only one complaint I have been to two locations now and it seems like the ordering part is still working out the kinks.
4	I really enjoy this place and have frequented it since they first opened here in Henderson. Service is always nice, but I'm not a huge fan of the line system. You usually have to repeat your order 2-3 times before you're done paying, which is not a big deal but can get a little bothersome when you've ordered several things or when it's very busy (mix-ups and misses can happen easily).The main reason my review is less than five stars is because they don't offer nutrition information. I've asked at the restaurant and have also tried to find it on their online website. Given the amount of locations this restaurant has, I feel that I should be able to easily find this information, but unfortunately cannot.Although prices have gone up slightly since this location first opened, I think the food here is still a good value for what you pay, especially if you order the combo. My favorite picks are the honey bacon club and enchilada soup (+ tortilla strips). They also have a bunch of flavored syrups for your drink, which is a nice plus if you like that sort of thing. Also, I love that a chocolate strawberry is added to every order! Great place for a simple and satisfying lunch.
5	Yum, yum, yum!! I love this place!! Their prices are great, the food is amazing and their staff is the friendliest in town!
5	We were greeted at the door and he gave us suggestions on the menu and his favorites. The employees were really happy and cheery and I loved the free sample on soup so I didn't have to hope I got a good one. The deal they have for 8.95 was wonderful. I got the mango berry salad=awesome! And the red pepper lobster soup. Everything tasted great and was really cheap. Go there!
5	Fast and friendly service. Food was great. Nice size portions for the price. Very Clean restaurant.  Love the menu selection specially their "try 2" meal.
5	I have not had anything here I have not liked. The chicken pesto sandwich is absolutely delicious. There is also a flavored tea that rocks!!! The staff is also always very friendly.
5	The best crab sandwhich I have ever had. I love their bbq salad. Its so refreshing and delicious.  This place is so good that even their takeout is worth it. I took 1/2 the sandwhich to go and it was just as good an hour later . I would recommend this place to anyone
5	I love Zupas! They have excellent customer service and great food! The lobster bisque and mango berry salad is my favorite combo.. Highly recommend!
4	The restaurant is very clean, bright and open, which is always a plus. They have a wide variety of soups, salads and sandwiches. The sandwiches are made to order, and they fix the salads right in front of you, there is also a variety of soups to choose from. I decided to get the "pick 2 combo" with the roasted red pepper and lobster soup and the vegetarian sandwich, they give you a huge hunk of bread for dipping, and a chocolate covered strawberry for dessert! The food was great- I will definitely be back to try some more good stuff!
5	This was my first time here.  The staff was very friendly and the service was excellent.  I ordered the Turkey Bacon Avocado Panini. It was really good. Love that every sandwich comes with a chocolate covered strawberry. The ice tea was also fresh. Will definitely be back again.
5	Love love love this restaurant!!! Soup, salad, and delicious sandwiches. The restaurant is very clean and the food are so fresh! It's very affordable. I love coming here to eat.
4	i used to be a panera bread regular until i found this place through a coworker.  we were greeted at the door and were asked if we had been here before.  the greeter explains their system and offers recommendations.  there are a lot of people making your order so the line moves very fast. i was very overwhelmed at their huge menu the first time i went, but after that it was much easier to decide.  love the beverage bar because i am an iced teaholic and i can add many different flavors to my tea.  my faves:  soup = wisconsin cauliflower, salad:  summer chicken, sandwich: pesto chicken although i felt they were skimpy on the inside ingredients of the sandwich.  the salad and soup portions are huge. once i splurged and had a brownie.  it was choco-heaven.  my eyes are sensitive to light and i felt it was extremely bright inside with too many windows,  the chocolate dipped strawberry is the perfect ending to the meal.
5	I love the quality of salads, soups, and sandwiches on there menu! I mean, how many places can you go to and get a free chocolate covered strawberry with your meal!!?? The prices are just right for lunch and it's excellent for the healthy conscious folks! I am a regular here and all I can say is get your butt down here!!
4	For me, it's all about the soup, but they do have salads and sandwiches as well. I usually have the combo with a salad and a bowl of soup. They have a variety of stock salads or you can choose your own ingredients. I like the Chicken Chop Salad(chicken, sliced egg, bacon, and black olives) and always, but always, the Lobster Bisque. I could probably just order a couple bowls of this bisque and be happy! It's delicious! Their salads are good, but they'd be better if they didn't skimp on the toppings.Their sandwiches are served on a nice pannini bread with enough filling to satisfy. With the soups and salads, you also get a slice of fresh baguette....and always a chocolate-covered strawberry to finish. They have some amazing desserts, but the Creme Brulee is to die for!
3	Second time here and it's pretty good. Tried the Pesto Chicken Sandwich and Mushroom Bisque soup. The sandwich was pretty good. The soups was good as well, however a little watery. The workers are extremely friendly and nice. A little pricey but overall good
4	This is a cool way to order soups, salads and sandwiches. They make your salad right in front of you and you can choose any add ins as far as extra toppings or additions to your soup. They have suggestions about what extras go good with what. Their enchilada soup was amazing. And you get a chocolate covered strawberry with every meal !
4	The food is really good, leaving the customers with a variety of choices in soups, sandwiches, and salads. It was my first time there and my mom had been there so she explained to me how it works and what she recommends. I got the chicken pesto sandwich (which was yummy, but I should have read what was in it before I ordered it because I found myself crunching on almonds-which I hate, but it was really good)! Service was good, our table was a little dirty but that was fine. Next time I would like to try their abundance of desserts! I recommend!
1	I have been here before and had this same experience. They like to only fill the cup up a little over halfway. So now every time I stop in there I have to watch them like a hawk and ask them to fill until it's almost to the top.  My husband stopped to get soup for us today and I forgot to tell him, and when he came home he had a small chicken tortilla and it was only halfway full.  He got charged full price. This is a big problem with this establishment. It's not what I would consider cheap food and yet they skimp anywhere they can. Tomato basil with orzo means you get about five pieces of orzo with your soup. Very unhappy with today's order.
5	Food was fresh. Service was fast.  The Enchilada soup was the bomb. I was not disappointed with my choices.  Lots of sandwich choices. At least 10 soup choices. They offer soup samples. Try them all! Bathrooms are clean and comfortable.
3	The food at Zupas deserves a 5 star, it's the people that work here that's bringing it down to a 3 star. I used to come here almost twice a week for take-out. It's a healthy, delicious dinner after a long day of work that I like the enjoy at the comfort of my own home. I always get the mango berry salad, and they have the best tomato basil soup. The Italian sandwich is super delicious as well. However, I am considering boycotting or coming to here less because they use SO many styrofoam boxes when you get take out. If you get two sets of pick twos, you are going home with four giant styrofoam boxes. So one day I asked them if I can bring my own boxes, after looking at me like I'm crazy, they said I can't because it's company policy. Then I told the cashier guy that they should consider switching to paper containers because it's more environmental friendly. The cashier guy shrugged and just awkwardly laughed. Guess they never got trained on how to react to suggestions... This has happened multiple times: they have some very rehearsed, routine lines they say to you from the moment you walk in, but none sounds genuine. And if you say or ask something slightly out of script, they get so confused because you interrupted their speech. All in all, excellent food,  but customer service can definitely be more genuine and please be more environmentally friendly!
2	The perfect place, if you're looking to eat like a rabbit!I came here for the first time today for lunch to meet up with a coworker. The quality of the food was good, the workers were friendly, and the place was clean. BUT the amount of chicken on my salad was maybe 2ozs at most! I went back to the office still hungry and ate a pack of tuna for some protein.
4	Really good soup sandwiches and great kids combo options.  Definitely coming back. The turkey and spinach sandwich was really fresh and good. I love that the chicken fingers in the kids combo are baked not fried.
4	Feeling the onsets of a cold, my boyfriend and I decided to give Zupas a shot with the hope of a good soup & salad to feel better. From the moment we walked into the door, we knew we made the right decision choosing here!We were greeted immediately by a girl who welcomed us to our first visit and explained how the ordering process works. The collections of homemade soups , the variety of subs, and fresh ingredients for the salads made choosing which combos to go with more difficult - you can choose two out of the three and it comes with a slice of bread and a chocolate-covered strawberry. I went with the lobster bisque and the bbq chicken salad. Although the name of the salad sounds too "rich", the salad was surprisingly refreshing and perfect. The soup was flavorful, but lukewarm. My boyfriend got the avocado turkey club and the new England clam chowder. He devoured every bite, so I'm guessing he enjoyed his meal also. We only spent $20 for two combos, chips, and two soft drinks -- what a deal!I would describe zupas as a nice alternative to the bland flavors that are delivered at panera bread. It feels like a healthier choice also. I can't compliment the atmosphere enough -- they have a charging station where you can plug your chargers for any of your electronics, an array of hot sauces as well as flavor pumps for your drinks, and digital menus and displays around the dining room. Despite the fact that this place is kinda a fast-food soup/salad joint, the staff makes you feel like you just entered a fine-dining establishment with their attentiveness. We will definitely be back! :)
4	Went back two days ago and was pleasantly surprised that they now use plastic containers! Not as good as paper but at least it's recyclable!
1	I was hearing the buzz about Cafe Zupas for a while and thought I'd check it out the other day. Was definitely not impressed and it didn't live up to its expectations. I decided to get a soup and sandwich. When I went up to order my soup I asked to try the Yucatan Chicken Tortilla, the young lady allowed me to try it yet when I actually ordered it she said there wasn't any left. Why did she let me try it in the first place? Then I proceeded to order  the Pesto Chicken sandwich, which barely had any chicken. There was nowhere to sit, and the tables which were available were dirty. I'll be sticking to Panera from now on.
5	Love this place!  Everything I've had is fresh and tasty. Place is clean and modern.  They prepare your order in front of you, sort of a Chipotle assembly line approach to fresh salads and sandwiches.   Also impressed withe the customer service as all the staff are friendly, know the menu which has lots of options, and provide great recommendations.
5	all the employees are incredibly helpful and friendly. Awesome soups salads and sandwiches- like panera x1000. Each entree comes with a chocolate covered strawberry. Italian sodas with flavorings! Desserts! A great little lunch spot. Love it here
5	It's my first time here and the workers were so nice and helpful. The food is sooo delicious! I had the crab avocado sandwich and their mango salad. It's healthy and sooo good. I love that I had a dessert too and it all added up to $12 compared to going to a protein house and paying for just a bowl of food. Affordable and you get more. Great workers!
4	The majority of zupas's dishes are pretty delicious.  They offer free strawberries and bread with any order.  The staff is very friendly, but sometimes a little too, creepy with their politeness xD  I enjoy how promptly you get your food and how many seats they have available.  A great foodie place indeed!
2	They don't have any vegan options, they have one soup and i'm sure you could eat a salad. I would really like it if they could provide some more options, the employees don't seem to know what is and isn't vegan on their menu either.
5	How have I not been here before??! Much more interesting soup and salad place than other chains, in terms of variety. Very clean. Wonderful service. YUMMY food. I had the BBQ Carnitas sandwich and Quinoa Veggie soup, which comes with a piece of baguette and chocolate covered strawberry. I must return!
5	This place is the best lunch spot, and I'm kind of mad at myself that I didn't come here sooner @.@ this lobster bisque us going to make me so fat.
5	Love this place  the clam chowder is super yummy!!! There sandwhichs also extra yummy always fresh and tasty never dry!!! The staff is super friendly  which I love!!!! I go here often and plan to keep going
5	Went for the first time today. Was pleasantly surprised with how delicious the tomato basil soup was. Also had the honey turkey panini. It was good too. Will be going back to try the salads.
5	Amazing fresh food for a good price! Very fast, made in front of you, very friendly staff
