5	Lee's is awesome.  I mean, period, it's awesome.  It has everything you could want, and if it doesn't 1) you have a serious problem, please get help and 2) they'll get it for you.This specific location is all of 2 blocks from my house and, despite its annoying as crap parking lot, it rules.  The tiny little carts they have for the shopping make me giggle, especially when people load them up on the weekend and you can tell what kind of party they're hosting.  A friend once found 6-packs of a not-so-great beer called Mountain Creek for $1.99.  It's not that great, but for that price, who cares?  It was so cheap even the cashier was surprised.Anyway, if you need booze just come here.  Don't even worry about going anywhere else.  Just do it(tm).
4	If you are looking for the average beer, liquor, & spirits, the prices here are about the same as the rest of the Rite Aid/CVS and grocery stores out there.However, if you are looking for something fancy and hard to find, this is your place.  From whiskey to tequila to sake, this place has a very large large selection of stuff.  Not as big as a Bevmo, but big enough to hold quite a lot of variety of alcohol.I found Ty-Ku liqueur sake there.
2	Terribly disappointed. I should have known by the name of this place that I wasn't going to find a decent beer selection. Sure, the entire back wall is beer, but its just more of the same stuff you can find anywhere else.The prices were the same as I've seen elsewhere, and there was no beer glassware to go with our purchases. We had to settle for brandy snifters.If I'm in Las Vegas again looking for beer, I'll go to the Freakin Frog.
5	I was drinking at the Hotel Paris bar racking up a huge tab and a huge buzz. The bartender was serving up Leinenkugel Sunset Wheat. This is the only Leinenkugel that I can get from the Leinenkugel company in California. And according to Leinenkugel it is an acquired taste. I was telling the bartender about my frustrations. I can't get Leinenkugel or Old Style or Yeungling in California. He told me I could find all of it at Lee's Discount Liquor. He was wrong but at the same time, he was soooo right. Lee's didn't have Old Style or Yeungling but they had everything else. My last trip to Vegas was for Punk Rock Bowling and wouldn't you know that on the way to Sam's Town, we were passing by Lee's Discount Liquor. I did a crazy Steve McQueen like turn on Paradise Road into the lot. Lee's has everything. It is a small supermarket sized liquor store.  They have the cheap beer flavored water beers like Schlitz and Hamm's and they have 3 different types of Leinenkugel, every type of Anchor Steam, every New Belgian Brewery product all for insanely cheap prices. They have every type of whiskey, vodka, gin and rum. They have an extensive wine collection. The difference between a place like this and Bevmo. Is that Bevmo likes to pretend it is classy. They sell cheese and Wine Quarterly magazines. Lee's Discount Liquor knows you're there to get supplies for getting drunk and sells magazines like Thighs and Booty Quarterly. At Bevmo, you'll here conversations like this Customer: "Have you tried the Pinot Noir? It has a lovely bouquet and yadda yadda yadda" Bevmo Employee: "Actually, I'd suggest having that with pasta and blah blah blah" At Lee's Discount Liquor, the following exchange happened while buying Hamm's and Leinenkugel Lee's Employee: "Hamm's! This is almost as good as Pabst" Joe: "I actually like it better than Pabst" Lee's Employee: "You've offended me. Get out of my store. Pabst is the king of good cheap beer" Joe: "Well. You're the connoisseur" Lee's Employee: "No! I'm just a drunk. That is a huge difference. Thanks and come again"
5	Needed a few bottles for the pre-party and a friend suggested this place...I must admit I was a skeptic...but now I am a believer. When we walked in we were greeted by the Kettle One promo team who offered us free vodka samples. Nice. We wound up buying a bottle and I got a free engraved flask! Awesome. That aside they pretty much have every alcohol you could ever think about or want. They even have a refrigerated section with chilled champagne which compromised the rest of my tab. Prices are really good, good enough to get 3 bottles for the price of one (if you were looking on the strip). Definitely worth the brief excursion off the strip to stock up if you plan on pre-partying or just feel like poppin' a bottle or 4.
4	Great place with a variety of alcoholic beverages. The staff is both friendly and helpful. Sometimes, it is not the cheapest, because I get better deals at a grocery store. Never the less, I know I can count on this place to have what I want.
5	Tried to find a decently priced liquor store in Las Vegas and the Lee's Discount Liquor on Flamingo was beyond awesome. First there were the prices. I didn't look at the wine prices (which fluctuate drastically depending on what you're looking for), but the beer prices were about normal ($5.99 - $7.99 per 6-pack) and the liquor prices were exceptional. Sample prices from when I went there: 1.75 L Bacardi Select - $17.99, 750mL 1800 Respado Tequila - $24.99, 750mL Patron Respado Tequila $34.99, 1L Bailey's Irish Cream $24.99. These aren't the greatest prices of all time, but they're deeply competitive and definitely the best prices in the area.Second was the selection. Here, Lee's was simply amazing. Their liquor selection was huge, including a wide variety of vodkas, scotches, and tequilas. Their beer selection was also exceptional. I saw someone mention in another review that they didn't have a very wide beer selection. All I can think of is that they didn't look past the refrigerated area. They had a variety of microbrews from all over the country, including the hard-to-find beers from the Eureka California Lost Coast brewery (my wife and I have been looking for these beers since visiting the brewery 2 years ago) and some deeply under-appreciated micros from Salt Lake City.Overall, it was a fantastic experience. Thank you Lee's!
5	Serve me up a nice big bottle of WHISKEY! This place commonly has whiskey on sale for low prices! Huge selections of whiskey - old grand dad - ezra brooks - pendleton - evan williams - etc...Pay cash for the best prices. That way 'lee' doesn't have to report as much to the government.
4	I'd give this place five stars, but they made me mad by firing two of their COOLEST employees! Grr! I do not concur with the company policy that lead to their joining the ranks of the unemployed, because they had some seriously top-notch recommendations for the adventurous beer drinker. It was through their recommendations that I sampled some of Lee's better offerings and their loss is sorely missed.On the other hand, I AM a girl who enjoys herself some booze, so I will continue shopping here. However, I'm hard pressed to put a can of MGD or 'Bud' to my lips and actually enjoy. If I have any say in the matter what-so-ever, I'd do a jig and a half to have a Leinenkugels Sunset Wheat or a Hoegaarden, a Dogfish Head Raison D'Etre or even a Negro Modelo instead. I like beer, and I like beer with flavor. Not a donkey-punch to the tongue bitter, of course, but something with a distinctive flavor that sets it apart from the water. Lee's has a vast selection of unique beers to choose from, including Delerium Nocturnum and Delirium Noel, which are both delicious. There are also lots of European imports and microbrew beers worth trying. I like that individual large bottles are available, making it easier to sample flavors that may otherwise be too intimidating to buy in a whole 6 pack. Banana Bread beer, Chocolate Stout or Orange Creme anyone?  There are also aisles and aisles of wines, flavored liquors and mixers. There are so many flavors and varieties to choose from, including Absinthe and awesome bar-stockers like high quality Tequilas, Italian liquors, etc. If I had my way, I'd stock up a huge surplus of bottles to experiment with various cocktails.  Also, they have Cock n' Bull Ginger Beer, which is delicious and I recommend trying it. It's a non-alcoholic, fizzy, sharp ginger bite in a glass bottle. I'd like to make a cocktail with it sometime. The prices are pretty reasonable, especially for their beers and the hours are pretty normal, closing at either 9 or 10 pm. It'd be nice if they were open later, but c'est la vie. So if you need something to drink and are feeling a little adventurous, stop in and look around. There's bound to be something you'd like, even if it's a fuzzy navel wine cooler.
3	I love that there's a life sized picture of Mr. Lee and Snoop Dogg at the entrance of the store.
5	Everyday low prices at Lee's forget Walmart.. Don Julio or  Patron half gallon for $80 enuff said.
5	I was like a kid in a candy store. There are so many selections to choose from. I was there for hours.
5	I love Lee and His Discount Liqour! There Is a LARGE variety for "anything" Liquor here! Great prices and deals...what more can you ask for??
3	Oh this place is quite big. An associate of mine who is Vegas for a huge reunion was in charge of buying booze for the whole group of 30+ people. I was free during the day so I decided to tag along and boy I was surprised. Don't get me wrong this place is no Bevmo but it is one of the better places to buy a huge quantity. One usually gets deals on the specials. Specialty beer prices are inline with some of the stores on the strip. Don't expect much help as the staff is busy hauling stuff from one spot to the other. Decent selection of Belgian and Belgian style beers so that made me happy.Would I go out of my way to come here hmm maybe if I was buying for a party.
4	This is the go to spot for all your drink needs! This would be the Cali version of Bevmo/Beverage Warehouse or Emilios Beverages. They have every liquor you can think of.
5	I really like this place. I've been here more than a few times but mostly recently this past weekend. I'm not always looking for something specific but I do like to have variety while I'm shopping for beer. I walked in wanting something on the darker side but still tasty. After about 1 min of looking I noticed they had Leinenkugel Amber for $5.99 a six pack. My mind was made up so I grabbed two packs and proceeded to check out. This place is on the way home and very reasonable, will be back.
5	This is the closest Lee's to my home, so when I need to get brew for a D&D game or wine for personal consumption I usually go here.The selection is fantastic. They have craft beer from around the world, and frequent sales on our favorites, including Deschutes and Sierra Nevada. On my last trip I got a 12 pack of Deschutes Porter for $9.99!I also love picking up wines that are on sale, especially since they helpful post ratings near some of the wines. They also have Redstone mead, which is my favorite at the moment. The employees are also super helpful and friendly, and recognize me even though I usually only go there once a week and have only been going for a little over a month. If a particular employee doesn't know the answer to my question they can find another who does.My only gripe is that I don't like the parking lot layout, and it's a pain to get to if you're driving east on Flamingo. You have to do a u-turn past Pecos, and I hate u-turns like Indiana Jones hates snakes.
4	When you come to Vegas in a group of 20, do you really want each person dropping $15+ on a cocktail at the club? Of course not. That's why you head over to Lee's, stock up, and work your mixology magic back at the hotel.Per the recommendation of Jaymie S., our designated mixologist and I headed over to Lee's to stock up for the weekend. Armed with an extensive list, we were on a mission to make this the most epic Vegas weekend yet. Lee's has pretty much every liquor, beer, and wine you can think of at pretty decent prices. Of course, you're not going to find rare import items that you might stumble upon at BevMo, but chances are if you're looking for it, they have it. They have an unprecedented selection of vodka, as well as just rows upon rows of various international beers. The prices won't blow you away, but they're pretty good. Many items are either on sale or discounted when you buy more than one, so you're bound to run into a good deal. One thing that could make this spot even more convenient is if they sold mixers. The typical OJ, sodas, etc. I know they're strictly a liquor store but it would make things easier. There's a Food 4 Less across the street, though, so it's not too much of a problem. Armed with a variety of liquor, a lighter, and a holy bottle of 151, the mixologist managed to make the most epic flaming shots, breakfast shots, dessert shots, and any other kind of drink his crazy pyro genius brain could come up with. Thank you Lee's for supplying us with everything we needed at the best possible price.
4	Lee's Discount Liquor features and impressive selection of wines, hard liquors, and beers comparable to BevMo! In fact, the selection of liqueurs was the most extensive and elegant I have ever seen. They had plenty of sweet, chocolate, caramel, fruity, and herbal liqueurs to choose from.  Beware of the tight security and shady punks hanging outside the store. The clerks require two forms of photo ID if you look like you are under 30 years old. Good luck for the non-military and non-student customers.Don't waste your cash buying your booze near the strip. The additional ten minute drive is well worth the trip, as you will get better booze at a lower price.
4	This Lee's is a bit on the smallish side, but fortunately it is PACKED with wine, which is why I came. They do have a decent selection that will make sure you get what you came for and if not, probably a very good equivalent.The craft beer section looked a bit measly to me as I scanned it, but I really wasn't there for beer. I picked up a Moscato and a Riesling, both of which were decently priced and one of which was a "Managers Pick". I did not go over the hard liquor section so I cannot comment on it.Service was quick and at about 9 PM on a Saturday night they had three cash registers open. Hey, at least there wasn't a wait!
3	Great place for cheap, and variety. If only they could be open 24/7. Also it may be cheaper buying from a whole sale spot like Cosco, etc.
2	Smith's is cheaper.
3	Smaller then some of the Lee's that i have been too but there selection is really good and there selection of Rouge beer is quite impressive.
4	Probably one of the best places to buy liquor in Vegas.  Everybody knows that buying anything around the strip is pretty much lunacy since it will cost you an arm and a leg...and a leg. For those who refuse to drive down the strip or just don't have a means of transportation other than drunken bipedalism, there are few options left.  However, if you do have transportation, Lee's is one of those few options.It's roughly 5 miles away from the intersection of Las Vegas Blvd and E Flamingo (Caesar's Palace area) so unfortunately it is not walking distance, but if you have a car, it's a pretty short drive.The liquor selection is pretty large and they have a fairly decent selection of beers. They have a lot of common ones such as Sierra Nevada, Stone, Shock Top, Blue Moon, Hangar 24 etc. but they also have a few not so popular others.  I was hoping they would have some other unique porters & stouts that weren't Stone or Black Butte but I can deal with those.   The pricing is excellent (especially in comparison to prices on the strip!) even in comparison(same & cheaper) to shops back home (my local BevMo etc.) on some items. This is definitely a place to go to stock up on "supplies" prior/during your Vegas vacation of debauchery and dipsomania.
3	This location is older and a little seedy, but aren't we all? They have the standard double entrance with a little foyer-like space, no doubt intended to make it more difficult for undesirables to enter and miscreants to escape, which is understandable when operating a business that purveys a product highly desired by those without the financial resources or sufficient age to procure it legally.(Should I have just said they're trying to keep out the bums and kids?)Anyway, they do have a pretty extensive wine selection, which normally wouldn't be of much interest to me since I am quite unsophisticated and tend to favor Sutter Home White Zinfandel (mmm!), but I have scored some lovely bottles of wine for gifting, not to mention interesting liqueurs and even a bottle of absinthe, which do not tend to be available on your grocer's shelves. However, one of these gifts was an adorable bottle of Hello Kitty wine to please my sweet and somewhat prudish sister, and I later saw it at a competitor's for $10 less. So much for your discount, Lee!  At least I also found some little sperm-shaped containers of some milky white alcohol-infused liquid I could use to alarm the same sister, so it was all good.The checkout clerks tend to be cut from the same cloth: cynical, disinterested, and world-weary older guys of the type you would see tending a sleaze bar on the graveyard shift, clerking at a by-the-hour motel or manning the counter at a porn store. Perhaps I should change the subject before you begin to wonder how I would know all this.Anyway, it may not be as cheap as their name would suggest, but you will find a pretty extensive variety of libations and that's what you're here for, after all.
5	I LOVE Lee's Liquor.  We've been coming to this location for years and have hit up other locations in Las Vegas depending on where we happen to be.  At home, we normally shop at BevMo and I have to say that I wish we had Lee's in San Diego!  There is such an amazing selection of beer, wine and the hard stuff and the prices!  Oh my gosh!  They are amazing.  Very affordable and they run specials and have tastings as well.This location has friendly staff and there is always more items that I want than I need or can afford! They also seem to have more parking on this visit... guess it's been a while since I've been back to this one.   I'll continue to shop here whenever I'm in town and you should, too!  Just note that if you aren't near this location, check out their other locations throughout the Vegas area.
5	Liguor, liguor and more liguor.  We were stacking up before we settled in. They have galores of alcohol. They have some hard to finds too. The cashier had small talk with his guess as he rung up the price. They had very good prices and warm service
4	Woot Woot! I can see the curvature of the earth in here! Man is this place big! I love a big ol' liqueur store! Yep Yep!Huge selection of wine, lot's to drool over!Amazing amount of booze to chooze from..Friendly and knowledgeable staff to help you make a selection. This Lees is pretty close, but I have been to others and they are all pretty much the same, some are larger (if you can believe that)!Get in here, the prices are better than most stores and the selection is definitely amazing!Please do not drink and drive. No really, just don't..
5	Sure you may find a discount liquor store a few bucks cheaper than Lee's. But I have watched these guys grow, from the beginning until where they are now, and I don't mind supporting the Vegas liquor store even if it means spending a tad more. Not to mention variety, they have such a great selection. Wines, beers, spirits, upscale pricy stuff, mixers, and even goodies like blue cheese stuffed olives. About half of the time I go, they are doing a tasting. Love that! Also, they support other local Vegas business's so that's a huge plus! I have never experienced anything less than remarkable service. Even when I called to check on a certain product, the employee knew they carried the product but doubled checked to make sure it was in stock before me coming down. They offer a points program as well for discounts and offers. Always happy, every time.
5	I freaking love this place!I was skeptical at first, because usually places with the word "Discount" in their name don't have any discounts.I'll list some of the things I bought with shelf prices (tax not included)I love the variety here. Most of the not so common bottled beers are still pretty pricey, but most likely a dollar or more cheaper than you would expect. You really get the discount if you go for brand name beers and liquors.Jose Cuervo: Silver 750mL - $11.00Random on-sale bottle wine: $3.00Newcastle 6pack (Bottles): $6.99Dogfish Head: 90min Imperial IPA 4pack: $6.99Colorado Brew. CO. Idiot IPA 4pack" $5.99
4	I freaking love this place !  great helpful staff - very knowledgeable and friendlyKeep up the great work Lee's !!!
3	Lee's has good prices on booze and mediocre customer service, at all locations. Definitely recommended for when you need to pick up some of Grandad's cough medicine.
5	I usually hit up one of the Lee's when I'm in town. They're ridiculously cheap and usually have a booth with some free samples. Come here if you have a car to save a lot of money and beyond amazing selection.
5	Came here because my friend asked me to pick up some everclear. Apparently it's no sold in California. They only carry the 75% alcohol one, and my friend wanted the 95% one. I asked one of the workers there and she showed me another bottle of alcohol that is 96% alcohol. She was nice. She even joked with us saying that we WILL need a chaser for this. They have almost every type of alcohol beverage you would need and is really organized. Since I'm from Los Angeles, I go to BevMo if I n
4	Everyone always nice and eager to help
2	The Lee's on Eastern in Henderson is a pathetic store..Dreary, drab, and employees do not offer you any help unless you seek them out and ask. An employee can spot you lost, and looking in one of the endlessly long aisles, but heaven forbid, you're not going to see that employee walk over and offer you assistance.If you like WalMart's ambience, you should love Lee's. If you have one, you may want to bring a flashlight into the store, as the lighting is awful..A rather large selection in various price ranges, just like a WalMart !
5	I love the free samples they give on the weekends. Gives me the opportunity to try something new and see if I want to buy it. I also think it's so wonderful when they have famous people come in and autograph bottles of their alcohol or alcohol they promote. We have Dan Akroyd, Vince Neil and Xhibit. I love Lee's.
1	If at all possible, I avoid Lee's because of their political signage supporting rightwing nutjobs like Hutchison for Lietenant Governor.  I don't like the idea that buying a bottle of wine helps anti-marriage equality bigots get elected.  Civil rights are human rights.  There are plenty of wine and liquor stores that don't take positions on political issues.
