5	I am REALLY not sure why Adam has received such negative reviews.  Adam was the most experienced, considerate, and sweet photographer I have ever had.  I've had photos done in the past with my engagement and wedding photos with other photographers and they just don't compare to Adam Trujillo.  I had maternity photos done with Adam and he arrived 30 minutes early to the venue to scope out areas where he wanted to shoot.  He even paid for his own admission into the venue and I was fully expecting to pay for him.  I was impressed.  He knew exactly his vision and ours, he told us how to pose and what to do, he was also very funny and made us comfortable immediately.He promised a time line of a week, and that is EXACTLY when I got my photos, a week.  He was diligent with confirmation prior to our shoot date and I am very happy with our photos!I love his work and would definitely recommend him for all categories of photos.Please do not let other reviews deter you from using him, he was amazing!  We will definitely be using him again for newborn photos.
5	Adam  first shot me about 3 years ago. At first i was a little nervous but about 10 minutes into the shoot, he made me feel more than comfortable. Adam is one of the most professional photographers I have ever met and his work.. well, it speaks for itself. He is amazing at what he does. The only reason I could think of as to why someone would give him a bad review is because they are THAT unhappy with their lives and their personal self. Adam, you are amazing!
5	Adam was absolutely amazing! Not only did he take fantastic photos, but he went over and beyond what I paid for! You can tell this is his passion as he has creative, fun ideas for photos! I was a bit nervous because I've never had  boudoir photos taken before but his professionalism and friendliness eased the tension. My husband was absolutely thrilled with the photos when I surprised him the day before our wedding! Definitely worth every penny!
5	My now husband and I are from Southern California and had our wedding in Las Vegas.  To cut down on costs from travel expenses vendors charge, we wanted to find a photographer in Vegas.  After reviewing a lot of blogs and websites, we decided on Adam Trujillo.  I reached out to Adam and he was very responsive.  We met a couple months later for our engagement session also done in Vegas.  We told Adam the look we were going for and we ended up taking our pictures in front of the Venetian and then Mandalay Bay.  Adam was extremely friendly and personable.  He makes every effort to make you feel comfortable and to get to know you.  About a week later, we got our pictures and loved them!  He also retouched 3 images that we wanted to use for our sign in table.  For the big day, Adam arrived early to set up and started taking pictures right away.  I recently received our wedding pictures and love them.  He was able to catch almost every special moment of the day.  There were tons of pictures- pictures of me and my husband, bridal party and so many of all the details!  He also caught so many candid pictures of our guests which I absolutely love and our guests are loving them too!
1	after purchasing a groupon online i scheduled an appointment to get my photo-shoot, and day of I could not make it and Adam was very rude and told me that I was basically out the money payed for the shoot, very unprofessional and I would choose someone with more class.
5	Adam Trujillo Photography is AMAZING! All the photos from the engagement session, to the wedding day photos, to the trash the dress session was on point! Wow! Just WOW! We are so happy to have hired Adam as our photographer. He is extremely talented, professional, and so worth every penny! He knows good lighting, good location and back drops. Adam has a way of making you feel comfortable in front of the camera. It all just flowed very naturally during our shoots. He's got such an awesome personality - you just wanna be friends with the guy! And that's exactly what we got! We didn't just end up hiring an excellent photographer, but we also made a new friend. Our entire wedding party was super comfortable around Adam. He just made our bridal party photo session so much fun! We now have these memories captured on photo to hold on to and treasure forever. Thank you Adam Trujillo Photography! You are the bomb dot com!!!Candice and Aries
