5	Five stars for being the only real steakhouse is Henderson. I love the fact that is so close to home, and offers really the best steak around. I always order the filet, and it never ceases to please. The creamed corn is amazing, and has a crispy top layer which I have never seen before. If you enjoy wine, this is your place. If you enjoy a fine martini (like myself) this is your place. If you know your steaks, this is your place. Pretty much, this is my place. Expect a bill of at least $150 for two people, and that is only a starting point. But if you are in the mood, splurge a bit. I promise, you will be glad you did. The pianist is has a terrible voice, but that's just a personal opinion. And it doesn't matter what he plays, he could never stop me from enjoying Hank's. The food speaks for itself.
4	In celebration of changes and playing so much at Green Valley Ranch I was setup to go to dinner at Hank's.The atmosphere although darker is very rich with light and decorations. The minute you walk in you are facing an amazing bar with a double glass cooled wine units. The piano was playing and the glass rock fireplace rightfully placed up high was well going. Sure its 109 degrees in Las Vegas right now but when your in this air conditioned heaven you forget all about it. Reservations at 8PM, after only a couple minutes at the bar I was escorted to my table where I placed my order for the Caesar salad which was topped off with freshly ground pepper. Skipping the appetizer I went straight to the main course choosing Salmon with a side of foie grois.Maker's Mark on the rocks accompanied my dinner and it was the perfect match. The salmon was a little plain but perfectly cooked. And they offered toppings and sauces I could have chosen from but none were recommended to me. This was my second time dining at hank's.
5	We were at Hank's last month and I can say the service and quality of the food is superb! Try the fillet Mignon on the bone, its really memorable. The wine list is extensive and well priced. The impressive part of our meal was the service, it shows that servers are well trained and management cares about their restaurant.
3	Kristine, my "lil sis" from college and I were treating ourselves to a nice dinner (during our weekend away in Vegas)... and Hank's looked like the perfect spot for our night out. Upon walking in the dimly lit dining room, I was impressed by the decor, and the plethora of servers busily running around the dining room.  As we were escorted to the very back of the dining room, we joked that we were being sat at the kids table....still the ambiance was relaxing, and the drink menu was abundant. I ordered a Brassy Blonde martini, a spin on my favorite pineapple martini which didn't live up to it's predecessor, but still - it was tasty and tart.The basket of bread they sat in front of us was warm and had a great variety to settle our appetites while we waited for one 1 of the 3 servers that were assigned to take care of our table.  Now THAT's service!  We ordered:The Chopped Salad (and split it between us)2 petite filets (mine with a Gorgonzola crust)A side of creamed corn (and split it between us)A side of jumbo baked yam (and split it between us)The salad arrived - small portions split on two plates between us.  It was delicious UNTIL I bit down on something SUPER hard and sharp. OUCH!  Seriously, I thought I broke my tooth. When I removed the item, it looked and felt like part of my tooth... Kristine called the server over, and he called the manager over to see what it was that I had bitten.  It was a sharp piece of crab shell!  In my salad!  Thank God I'm not allergic to shell fish because it could have been a much bigger issue.  Anyway, I digress.  The manager asked if I needed medical attention... but after feeling my tooth - I told him that while it hurt, it didn't feel like it was broken... so he comped our salad, and we moved on.I decided to order a glass of red wine to complement my steak and requested it prior to our steaks being delivered....The steaks came out - and while mine was perfect, Kristine's was super over done.  The server noticed, and insisted on bringing her a new steak - and that it was only take "1 minute, 1 minute, 1 minute" so I kept eating mine... as she still had the sides to munch on.  10+ minutes later, my steak is gone, and hers was just re-arriving. This time it was perfect, but so much for dining together...and my glass of wine was just arriving by this point. (Side note, the cream corn and the yams were both excellent)So now we're both stuffed and ready to go into food coma mode... even with my sore jaw/tooth but the server insisted once again, that he bring us dessert.   We chose the molten lava cake... which was rich, gooey inside and a little dry on the outside... EH.  Not the best I've had... but it was a nice gesture. So...almost $200.00 later, the two of us bid farewell to the steakhouse at Green Valley Ranch Resort....and I didn't think I'd think much of it again... it was good food, great service but not necessarily a place I'd go back to.....Now fast forward a week later.... I am snacking on a piece of bread (SOFT BREAD) and I hear a crunch.  My tooth broke in half!!! The same tooth that I injured during my dinner at Hank's - eating a chopped salad!  Seriously?  Looks like I'm heading to the dentist... UGH!
4	love the decor, love the food, love the service what can I say I love this restaurant.
5	Five stars. Over the top restaurant. I love the fact that I don't have to drive all the way out to the Strip to have a good, delicious meal. When you walk in, you are greeted by a warming, semi-dark atmosphere. The bar and the Grand Piano are the first thing you see when you walk in. The bar is quite expansive and the light music playing in the background makes it a wonderful place to eat. After you are seated, a taem of two to three waiters come up and introduce themselves. Occasionally, there is a specials menu. Their menu changes every so often, usually with them just adding a dish. I always order the pork chops. Unannounced on the menu is a sage gravy. If you order the roasted chicken, it comes with it. If you decide to go for the pork chops like I always do, ask for it and they will bring it with your meal. They also have an excellent rack of lamb and lobster. If you are into desserts, then you'll love this place. Their molten chocolate cake with homemade vanilla bean ice cream is to die for. If you aren't a big fan of raspberries, it does come with a raspberry sauce, but as in any fine dining restaurant, you can simply ask the waiter to remove it.  After you have enjoyed your meal, be ready to receive a bill of about $80 - $150 per person, depending on what you order. Be sure to leave the waiter a generous tip, because keep in mind that he will be sharing it with his team. If you have a family, it is good for children in their pre-teen to teen years. Younger children are not so easy to control. All in all, Hanks Fine Steaks and Martinis is a wonderful place to eat.
5	Their steaks are amazing.The service is very attentive, but not annoying.It's a nice atmosphere (in spite of being in a casino).I highly recommend their warm chocolate dessert (if you still have room).
5	Yum, yum, yum.  I liked the decor.  The music was relaxing as well.The service I felt was a bit too suggestive.If I want a recommendation, I will ask for one, but that's just me.Our server was very nice though & we didn't want for anything.The food was great.  Simple & delicious.  The rib eye had the best crust on it from their super hot salamander.  The sides were tasty too, but not served warm enough.  Martinis & wine delish.We shared everything & our bill only came to $200 including tip for two.That included an app of oysters on the 1/2, 2 sides (creamed corn & truffle tater tots), a 28 oz. rib eye and 2 glasses of wine & a martini.  Not bad.  Even better, it's close to home.
5	this is my favorite steakhouse anywhere, and obviously Vegas as well, by far (though Charlie Palmer in the 4 Seasons is a close 2nd)...  i've been to this place over a dozen times the last 4-5 years...  forget Morton's, Cut, STK, BOA, Delmonico's, etc...have a sister restaurant (T-Bones) at Red Rock Casino in Summerlin, but it's not the same, though many of the menu items are at both places...  only thing i don't like about this place is no BYOB for wine - no corkage - have to buy from the winelistbesides that, i love everything about this place...  just warning you, if you sit in the dining room (menu is available at the bar too) it's a 2 hour dinner, minimum.  just sit back and relax, enjoy the atmosphere and the FOOD!  steaks are huge, can easily share with someone else if you want to enjoy a salad / appetizer or sides with the meat as well...  the service is excellent - usually have one 'head' waiter that oversees all the dishes, along with 1-2 other waiters to address drinks / bread, etc...  especially if you're in a group of 4 or larger.  never had any of the accompanying sauces for the meats because the steaks are just so damned good by themselves...  and the Sommelier is knowledgable and friendly, will not push you to the most expensive selection!  just tell him how much you want to spend and he won't steer you wrong.favorites on the menu: - Crab Cake, Crab Meat Cocktail - Lobster / Potato / Corn Chower - the best Creamed Corn EVER (baked with scallions and breaded on top), Hash Browns, Truffle Tator Tots, Gorgonzola Mashed Potatoes - Rib Eye or NY Steak - Buttermilk Fried Chicken - one of the better martini's (Vodka or Gin) i've had (Blue Cheese Olives too)things to avoid: - the Oysters, both on half shell and Rockefeller (if you want Oysters, go to Tides Oyster Bar also in GVR and chow down before here) - Creamed Spinach (it's better fresh, i dunno why it gets messed up creamed?) - the 32oz Lobster Tail...  its HUGE, no doubt, but there in lies the problem in my opinion...  i have never seen this thing not sent back for further cooking, it's just too big to get done right.  ultimately what happens, they bring it out, cut some of it off to eat, send it back for further cooking.  for $150, avoid in my opinion.besides that, this place rocks!  subtle dress code - no shorts, sports jerseys, baseball hats or flip flops for guys...  but that's it.  just awesome, can't say enough positive things about this place.  a MUST for me anytime in Vegas.
4	had a very solid meal here.   Good steak, and attentive servie.  Helpful server and sommelier.Bring your big limit credit cards, and have a great time.
5	I had such a bad experience at T-Bones (at Red Rock), I was nervous to try its' sister restaurant at GVR. We were so pleasantly surprised! We had come to GVR to cash in some sports bets, but the lure of 1/2 price martinis at Hanks drew us in. It was Monday night, and the setup was perfect for the type of football watching I like to do. Yummy martinis (only $6 and 15+ to chose from!), awesome live music playing at a volume quiet enough to hear yourself think, and football on huge flatscreens by the bar. This is my kind of Monday night football!!We were enjoying ourselves so much we decided to eat dinner at the bar. The bartender was attentive, sweet and made great drinks. The food we tried...Caprese salad: LOVED their version. They had everything in these beautiful stacks and the ratio of all the ingredients was perfection.Lobster bisque: For some reason this was called seafood corn chowder on the menu... I tell you this was a bisque (mb they brought the wrong thing? but there was no bisque on the menu so who knows). The fiance adored it.. even saying it was the best bisque he'd ever eaten. Full of large lobster chunks, just the way I love it.Bread basket: HOT and delish.. as expected from a nice steak joint.Petite filet mignon: fiance gave this 8/10. I'm not as good at rating steaks but it seemed awesome to me. NO grizzel, no junk, the steak was "pillowy" in his words and was cooked to perfection. This steak was MUCH better than the so called "kobe" I was served at Craftsteak.Green beans almondine and baked potato were both awesome as well.The only reason I'm considering knocking off stars is... a) Expensive.. but we're in Vegas. If I always knocked off stars for the ridiculous prices here I'd have no 5 star dinners!b) Wines by the glass weren't that good! Stick to the martinis or pony up and get a bottle of a wine you know. Their $12-$14 wines by the glass sucked. Luckily the bartender let me try all 3 before committing to one so that helped!
5	Located at Green Valley Ranch Resort, they have the best Martini Menu I've seen and they taste just as good as there creative names.  They don't skimp on the brands of Vodka either and 1/2 price from 5pm to 7pm- YUM!
5	The greatest dining experience I've ever had was at Hank's.  The beef is prime grade and the chefs there know what to do with it!  I've been there a few times, so I know it's not a fluke.I don't have much time to sing all of Hank's praises, but I can tell you that the ambiance is modern and swanky.  The heirloom tomato salad drew rave reviews from my buddies.  My filet mignon and lobster tail was outstandingly prepared.  My brother's porterhouse for two (and yes, the kid took out the 40oz beast by himself!) was equally outstanding.You've seen all the other reviews.  There are only two things left to do...1) save up your money, cuz the bill won't be for the faint of heart...and 2) GO HUNGRY!!!
4	You are going to have a great meal here, great ambiance, over the top service and the Martini's?   Best you'll ever have.   Very pricey.
5	I've officially become a regular here. Cheap martinis EVERY night (friday-saturday included!).. you had me at hello! Now that I've been here a dozen times, here's why this is my favorite spot in town for a drink (and sometimes dinner).*Martinis are CONSISTENT and well crafted. Top shelf liquor, hot bartenders, fun combinations. I have yet to try one I didnt' love! At $5-$7 each during happy hour, they are very reasonably priced. Brassy Blonde is my personal favorite, but the pear one they haven't put on the menu yet is awesome as well. *Atmosphere is great. Swank and upscale yet laid back and comfortable. I feel great in here wearing jeans and a hoodie or a little black dress. Comfortable large bar, low lighting, and huge plasma TVs. They also have great live music fairly often.*Food is great! Steaks are awesome (even by Vegas standards). I have yet to have a bad dish here. Lately I've gotten into their succulent sliders. The meat patties are HUGE and juicy and cooked medium. They were covered in cheese and some diced onions. They were served on yummy fresh baked fluffy buns. Some of the best sliders I've had in my life honestly. No tiny smushed little patties here!!  At $10 for 3 they are hardly cheap, but considering their size, you could make a meal out of 3 of them for the average appetite...
5	Nice place inside GVR...great to slide up to the bar, order up a crown on the rocks and just chill with some friends.  Girls like the martinis here 'cuz there's so many different flavors.  Decor is great, service spot on, and the steaks are primo.  I didn't care too much for their version of  tater tots ( I was expecting the Ore Ida kind but dressed up a bit) but all the other sides were really good.  Steaks here are a close second to Mastro's in BH but the atmosphere and ambiance here blows that place away.
5	I live in Henderson and absolutely love almost everything about Hank's.  It's definitely the closest fine dining establishment to me and certainly rivals all of the expensive, celebrity chef helmed steakhouses on the Strip.  The decor is incredibly classy and opulent, highlighted by the gorgeous chandeliers.  Very elegant but not over the top.The bar is awesome for so many reasons.  First, it's huge with plenty of seating both at the bar and around it.  The bartenders are top notch and friendly.  There's usually live music with a piano in the corner or someone on guitar.  And most important, the martinis are some of the best in the city.  And the best part?  From 5-7 *every day* the drinks are half off.  Unbeatable!Finally, the food is excellent and the quality of the steaks will compete with the best restaurants on the Strip.  Honestly, I like the steaks at Hank's better than places such as Prime, Delmonico and the Circus Circus Steakhouse, all highly rated and more expensive.  The seafood and sides are also very, very good.Hank's is five stars all the way for me - I'm so happy it's there vs. the one star Bull Shrimp that used to be in the exact same spot in Green Valley Ranch.  Go to Hank's and you will not be disappointed.One more thing - have Claudio serve you if possible.  Easily of the best servers in the entire city.
5	My boyfriend made reservations here for a special occasion. From the moment we arrived they treated us like we were VIP. At least three different people consistently coming around to offer more cocktails, refresh water, check on us. The steak I ordered was yummy but not the best I've ever had in my life. The chocolate martini made my night though! I liked the live music, far enough away from the restaurant so you could make conversation. I loved the fire and chandeliers setting. Romantic and trendy.
3	Creamed Corn is delicious.  I don't even like Creamed Corn but it was really good.  I mean, I ate all of the Creamed Corn. You should get the Gorgonzola Crust on your steak as well.  Really tasty calories are always good at a dinner like this.  They don't get everything right here.  Steak isn't as great as some other joints I've been in for the price.  But there is, the Creamed Corn.
5	OK.. Great Steaks.  Great Service !  Great place.  Thanks Michael for the service.  As I was sitting there enjoying my meal,  A rotund hairy man with a t shirt , shorts,and flip flops is seated.  Really?  Cant take the time to put on shoes?  This place is too nice for that.  Hanks. I realize times are tough, but no reason to let the riff raff in.
5	This is a great steakhouse. The service was great. The food was delicious. I tried their filet and it was absolutely perfect. I wasn't as hungry so I ordered the ahi poke. I loved it. I also highly recommend the truffle tater tots. SO YUMMY.Service was good, only I will say it did take a fairly long time to get my meal. That won't affect my rating this time though because I wasn't in a hurry thus I wasn't bothered by it.
1	Hostesses were standoffish and almost to the point of being rude. On Xmas day we had reservations and were told to wait at the bar but they didn't bother to come get us. All the food we ordered with the exception of the Caesar salad was not what we were expecting from a 4 star place, how does one ruin Alaskan King Crab legs, Macaroni and Cheese and potatoes Au gratin. The drinks were average but at $10 a pop, come on people. Total bill $200+, will not return.
5	still my favorite steakhouse in Vegas and one of my favorite restaurants anywhere...the Gorgonzola mashed potatoes have now made it onto the "must try" sides list
4	I had the Potatoes Au Gratin here. Very good! I also got to choose off a special menu and ordered tenderloin with foie gras. I am a huge foie gras fan, but I didn't like mine too much. It was far too gooey that night.The steak was perfect but huge. I saved it and had it for lunch the next day and boy was it a treat!The service was the best. They were very attentive and nice. Surprising did not take very long to get my entree. The ambiance was very dark but cozy.
5	I have always liked Hank's. 1) It's beautiful & romantic2) Good steak,3) Great service And now I have discovered their happy hour. Nice!
5	I am in LOVE with Hank's Steakhouse at the Green Valley Ranch.  Their Rib Eye is amazing and always cooked perfectly and the cream corn is to die for.. I never even thought I would like cream corn but the waiter convinced me to try it and now I don't know how I ever lived without it. It's a little odd how they pull the entire table out so you can get into the seats but it is pretty comfortable.  The place is gorgeous and the staff is very nice. I only wish I could afford to go there again!!
2	Let me just start off my saying everytime my girlfriend and I go out together we always get the worst service possible. We came to this restaurant hoping to find good service in a more local restaurant (we both live near GVR). But needless to say we won't be going back. We sat in the lounge area so we could have wine and an app, and when we sat we were greeted almost immediately by a bartender. We ordered wine and a lobster & clam chowder which were both served promptly. This is where it goes downhill. We didn't like the soup (too much bacon), and waited for our server/bartender to check on us so we could send it back for something else. 20 minutes went by (I'm a restaurant manager and timed him), and he never came by. My friend even waved at him from across the room, he looked at her and kept working behind the bar. My friend then asked the hostess to get the manager. Once the manager came over everything was rectified with our food, and she got a different bartender to serve us. She even comped our food (we ordered mac and cheese and she gave us cheesecake), and took the time to listen to our complaint. The other part that sucked was that you pay an automatic 10% entertainment fee for a crappy piano player. Is there a fine dining place for locals, or do we always have to go to the strip??
5	The decor is amazing here, absolutely loved the huge fireplace and all the chandeliers.  This is a great place to dine for a special occasion.  Everything we ordered was great and the 3-servers were all very friendly and attentive.  Our steaks were cooked perfectly and were so flavorful they did not need any sauce.  There was a top 10 Las Vegas steakhouses list and this one is better than the #3 restaurant that we dined at on Valentines Day.
4	Place is great!!!   Love the decor.  Food well rounded and to the point.  Service was "right on."  Won't go back cause I don't like being that far from the strip, I can never find my way home. LOL!!
5	I love eating at Hanks! It's a beautiful restaurant, great service and great food. Their macaroni and cheese is what dreams are made out of. Their steaks are juicy and flavorful. It's definitely worth the money to eat here if you get the opportunity.
4	Hank's sits on a thrown right next to all of your classic high end steak houses. What they have done well is added a slap of modernity and class to the whole experience. To me, this is one of the most awesome looking dining rooms and bars in Vegas. The lighting, the natural stone, the fireplace, amazing.It is only suiting that the food follow suit. Expect to shell out a pretty penny for your meal. I had the crab cakes and steak house salad (which has no steak, hmm)?
5	My love for a great filet brought me to Hank's establishment for a celebratory dinner last week.  My mother was awarded employee of the month at GVR and our dinner at Hank's was partial paid for by the fine people at GVR.Hank's decor is reminiscent of Circus Circus Steakhouse with the built-in fireplace, but also has beautiful crystal chandeliers throughout the building.  Upon entering, my family and I were seated in the posh dinning room by the kind hostess and greeted by our trio of waiters.  The service at Hank's was top notch and some of the best I've had the pleasure to experience.The bread basket consisted of both cheese and raisin breads with a great side of butter that was extremely tasteful.  We didn't spend much time with appetizers, however, our server Michael's recommendation on the wedge cut salad with crushed bleu cheese was amazing!  We each ordered our favorites for entrees.My younger brothers' Lobster tail with lemon buerre was one item that I can almost still taste :)  My 12oz Filet was cooked to perfection and rates as high as any steakhouse filet i've previously experienced.  I ordered it medium-rare with the gorgonzola cheese crust and peppercorn sauce.... simply epic!!! My parents went with a filet & spare ribs, which were both excellent.  Another splendid addition to our entrees were the sides that accompanied them.  The creamed corn gets mentioned in the Yelp reviews specifically because it is THAT good! It could be the best side dish I've ever had.  I want everyone reading to think of the best creme brulee you've had, now, imagine it made with corn LOL, yup that good.  The tater tots with truffle oil were good and the mash potatoes were equally excellent.Overall, my steakhouse experiences are intermediate at best.  However, this is one of the best places I've had the pleasure of experiencing and I hope that you can all make a trip to Hank's for some FINE steaks & Martini's real soon.
5	Please don't go here unless you love good food- hot women and some incredible piano playing. If you don't like this type of thing then go to the food court at the GVR! Awesome time, well worth the $$$$$!
5	Our favorite place to hit happy hour is at the swanky bar at Hank's. The martinis are half price...that's right half price. My favorite is the Koi Martini made with Absolut Peach, fresh lime, mango puree, fresh sweet and sour... Wow! And they shake their martinis a minimum of 20 times so they are ice cold. Make sure and ask Megan as she creates the best martinis and will custom make to your liking. Ask her to make an Orange Blossom or a Blueberry Lemon Drop...they are awesome. The food is pricey but very good. And the bathrooms are extravagant! Hey when you drink several happy hour martinis you appreciate a beautiful bathroom!
5	The best Happy hour Martini's in town.......Top shelf brands at 7 bucks a pop for a boomer martini poured with flair by Phil. Also great lounge music by excellent performers. 10 dollar cheese plate at bar is great.
5	Ok, since my last review, I've spent a great deal of time there.  Our last dinner was a party of about 18 and the food, service and wine list is out of this world!  We had a private room in the back and the staff took excellent care of us.Now on to the Martini Bar...my fav placein LV area to go and since I live across the street, its convenient too.  BART is the best bartender and martini shaker in town!!  2 happy hours nightly, 5 to 7 and 9 to 11 with half price martinis and great appetizers.  Highly recommend the poke tacos and seafood tower.  I tried the spinach lobster dip the other night and was not impressed.  Beautiful bar with live music.Do the hang loose hand signal to Bart and tell him cindy sent you and he will mix you up the best lemon drop you've ever had!  Haha
5	There's nothing like a great steak, and there's plenty of them in Las Vegas, that's for sure.  But there are certain places that are able to differentiate themselves from the herd of great steakhouses.  Hank's is one of those places.  Hank's combines a modern, yet comfortable atmosphere with top-notch steaks, seafood, and drinks.  Arriving at your table in Hank's, the first thing you notice is the large "fish-tank fireplace".  Separating two of the rooms at Hank's is a large tank with glass panels on both sides containing a large fireplace.  This is a great touch on the ambience, and is a very good backdrop instead of just a wall or a picture.  I can't comment on the other steaks, but my mom and I both got the 24 oz. Bone-in Ribeye.  This was Nebraska Corn-Fed, Prime, 28-day Aged Ribeye.  Does it get any better?  Oh wait, it does.  We had a 2002 BV Georges de Latour and 2006 Del Dotto Vineyard 887, Missouri U-Stave Cabernet Sauvignon to go with the steak.  While some people say that all of the expensive steakhouses are the same, because all of them are getting the best quality beef.  And I would agree, with the exception of places like Hank's.  The thing that differentiates Hank's from most other steakhouses is the char they are able to get on the steak.  Ya, I always hear about how every steakhouse has the 1200 degree oven, but not all of them are able to get the char that Hank's does on their steaks.  The steaks came out perfect medium rare, and were also perfectly seasoned.  If there's one thing that any chef appreciates, it's when all the food is well seasoned.  You would be surprised how often even fine dining restaurants under season their food.Not only did they do their steaks great, but everything on our table was perfect.  My Dad got the 12 oz. Tristan Island (South Africa) Lobster Tail.  The Lobster was very large, slightly sweet, perfectly/ simply seasoned, and very tender.  They also had a very large 20 oz. Lobster Tail, which would probably feed literally 4 people as an entree. Our desserts were pretty standard, but very good.  We got the Chocolate Molten Cake and the Sorbets.  Very tasty, but very typical.  If there is one thing they can work on it's the desserts, but it was good enough to keep them at five stars.  The corkage fee at Hank's was steep, but very typical for Las Vegas.  For wine lovers, Las Vegas is a sort of hell due to the extremely high corkage fees, and the large amount of restaurants that don't let you bring in any wine.  Hank's is a $35 corkage fee, with a two 750 ml bottle limit.  This is pretty much standard for Las Vegas.  The Sommelier was a very nice guy.  The opening and pouring process was very quick, detailed, and professional.  He noticed the Del Dotto bottle, and we had a short conversation about our mutual love for visiting Del Dotto's winery, and the personality of Dave Del Dotto.  Many Sommelier experiences are snooty and awkward, but their Sommelier was able to talk about bottles that we brought in, and did so in a very educated, yet professional manner. Overall, all of the people at my table while dining here said it was on par with the best steakhouses they have been to, being compared to Gene & Georgetti's and The Chop House in Chicago.  If you are in Las Vegas, and you are able to make it off the strip, check out Hank's, it's a special steak and a special meal.
5	Top ten reasons you are doing your foodie loving self a disservice by not eating at Hanks when you are in Las Vegas:1) BEST. DIRTY. MARTINI. EVER. . . EVER2) The place suggests sex and intimacy- but not in a Las Vegas Hooker way.  It is beautiful, it is stunning, it is classy and it makes me wish I went with a significant other and canoodled in the booth in the back3) The creamed corn is out of this world, I will salivate about it at random times throughout the day when I have a flashback about its awesomeness...and I usually hate creamed corn4) The scallops are amazing.  Nothing more needs to be said5) The hostess/host pulls the table out from the booth if you are seated at one.  Now that, my friends, makes me feel like less of an awkward fool trying to shuffle in and more like an elegant lady sitting down to a fine meal!6) The filet mignon is the most succulent, juicy, flavorful piece of meat that I have had in a long, long time7) The atmosphere is inviting.  So many times you go to a restaurant and you feel as if you are just another person waiting to eat before they shove you out the door.  Not at Hanks.  At Hanks they invite you to cozy on up to the fire (that has a fish tank in it) and stay awhile, maybe even put your feet up8) The steamed Alaskan king crab legs are the biggest things I have ever seen.  They literally hang off the plate.  They are served ready to eat and the butter is heated in your very own flame heated mini bowl so you don't have to share...mmmmmmm9) The service was impeccable.  They never lingered too long but they were always there when needed and added some great insight into the menu and the incredible wine selection10) The chopped salad is something that I could eat every day, it is just that good!A little side note: I was in Vegas with locals that have lived there for more then 25 years...they had two favorite places to eat, one was a sushi place by their house, the other Hanks, which they declared the best steakhouse in the city.  I would agree with them.
4	For the bar area only:Decor is beautiful. Ambience is nice - the place is small, so you feel like you're somewhere away from the bustle of the casino and everything. It's quiet inside and the small bar is usually surrounded, but you can still find seats. It makes you feel like you're having a drink in a really swanky steakhouse (which you are!)Drinks are delicious - a good selection of martinis and of course beers/wines for those types, too!Prices - this is the best part. Half off all martinis during happy hour (5-7 EVERY DAY! and 9-11 Mon-Thurs). It's not a place I want to hang out all night, but I do love stopping by there for a couple martinis before heading somewhere else (or for an after-work drink)
4	My friends and I felt like the Rat Pack walking into Hank's. It is modern, yet has that old Vegas vibe to it. The decor is FIVE STARS all the way. We sat in our booth for moment to take it all in before even opening the menus. We ordered several different cocktails all of which were spot on and delivered quickly. The waiter had the script down and provided excellent service with the help of his helpers if that makes any sense. There was a team helping us! Now on to my favorite part, the food. We ordered the special salad which was a Tomato & Watermelon Caprese and we LOVED it. In fact, I am making it for my family for Thanksgiving. Then we proceeded to order close to everything else on the menu. Garlic Mashed Potatoes- Take the Gold medal for Sides Mac & Cheese- bland and runny Asparagus- no big dealCreamed Spinach- Yes, please.....Y-U-M We ordered mores sides, but nothing spectacular about them. Now for the soup and steak. I am a huge fan of French Onion Soup and have to order it every time I see it on a menu. Hank's has the best I have had EVER! It's in a huge black pot and stayed hot for the entire journey this soup took my taste buds through. Maybe it's the choice of fine melted cheese atop the broth or the hint of Rosemary, or the amount of never ending onions....but this soup is in the Hall of Fame for me. I want it back in my belly NOW. Lastly, the steak. I went with the Petite Filet, butterflied of course with a  Peppercorn sauce and continued to fall madly in love with this restaurant. It was like butter and I didn't want it to end! Overall this restaurant is really a 5 Star with a few 2 Star sides. I don't know if it was a combination of the company I was with or the atmosphere, but overall this was one of the best dining experiences as a whole. I plan on coming back again, and again and again.....
4	SWANKY!You know you're going to a great place when you walk inside and it is 3 people deep at the bar and everyone is enjoying themselves. The bartenders are quick to take care of you and make sure you have an incredible experience. It's nice to have so many varieties of martinis. Then once you are entering the main dining room, the real experience begins. Again, this staff is quick and friendly to ensure you have a memorable time. I would highly recommend the fillet Mignon, medium rare, with a side of creamed horse radish sauce. Their cream corn has been a signature dish since opening day and it tastes better spoon by spoon by spoon. While I am not a connoisseur of desserts, I have seen what they have to offer and it is far from being disappointing. Granted this steakhouse might seem a little pricey in comparison to others in the city, however it is the attentive service combined with the variety, presentation and excellence of food that makes this a place one not to miss.
4	Hank's is much more convenient to my home than the Strip or Downtown steak houses, so we decided to give it a try for a birthday meal - along with a $25 coupon.  A nice range of steaks and fish are available as well as a respectable wine list.  The au gratin potatoes were amazing, as well as a terrific cut of sirloin and a tasty Pinot Noir.  Neither inexpensive nor exorbitant, Hanks is in the cross hairs for future 'big meals'.
5	Great atmosphere.  Great vibe.   Sit at the piano and enjoy a great martini and steak.  One of the best in Vegas / Henderson.
3	This place is Uber expensive. I take my wife here once a year with some high roller friends that get everything on comp. Otherwise I wold never step foot in here. The atmosphere is very Bling. A unique gas fire place compliments the room amongst crystal chandeliers. Live Piano Music can be heard in the Bar at Happy Hours into dinner time. The food well. I never could justify a 50 dollar steak on a plate. I'm not blown away by steak house cuisine. Never was. But I guess you can say its the best money can buy. Our host  orders a bunch of things up an down the menu and the tab can get into the thousands.  I was never impressed by any of the dishes. Steak Plate, portions small, Drinks are on the other hand real good. The Wine List is Pro casino style. They got all the names and almost all the bottles that are currantly desired.
5	I almost hate to write a review after reading other YELP reviews. Seems to write a review on YELP these days you must be clever, witty, and have a brilliant, writers mind. I do not, but I love me some food!This place tastes great! Surf and Turf, Gorgonzola mashed potatoes,  Steamed spinach and a Wedge. Oh, 2 Kettle One martinis with a twist and a nice Cab. Very pricey but outstanding service. I can not think of one thing I disliked about this place other than the restroom was so damn far away.
5	Absolutely the best Steaks in Vegas! The Chateau Briand is incredibly flavorful, moist and incredibly delicious. The atmosphere at the bar is vibrant and exciting, with live music almost every night!
5	Take the off-strip journey to Hank's if you:crave the highest quality steaks, and related trimmings.enjoy cozy seating & fantastic ambience.enjoy hearing eclectic music selections from a bar pianist/singer.insist on superb service.want easy, unpretentious help choosing the perfect wine.want to seem like you know the hidden gems of Vegas.want to score major points with your dinner date.There are so many great steak restaurants in Las Vegas, and when you ask locals where the best steak is, they'll give you all different answers. They are all great too, but for me, it's Hank's. The experience, as a whole, cannot be matched by the others.
4	Happiest happy hour in Henderson (my alliteration is happenin'!) - Thanks to Blair B. and her hubs, we were treated to a fantastic happy hour on a Friday no less!  Hank's has martinis EVERY day at half off from 5-7 PM, and not just your straight up stuff but also all sorts of fun concoctions that rival the menu at Blue Martini.I ordered the almond joy and the key lime pie and hands down the key lime pie was the best.  Eric R. had the Blossom (peach-orange) and some sort of berry one.  Blair B. and another friend raved about the Spa Cooler, which is accented with cucumber.For the table we enjoyed a cheese platter with crackers and fruit (a ton of food for the price) and a couple of free bread baskets which included amaaaazing pretzel rolls (a weakness I exploited at Aureole with Blair B. during restaurant week as she no-carbed it).  Eric R. and I also shared the tuna tacos - raw ahi in mini crispy shells with fresh avocado on top of shredded lettuce that had a delicious vinegary dressing on it.  Because of this snazzy experience, I know we will be back for martinis and to take advantage of the $25 off coupon in the mail for a nice steak dinner in the near future!!!  Cheers!
4	It didn't take us long to return for happy hour again AND dinner.  With another couple we came back for a drink pre-dinner.  I had the key lime martini and pretzel bread once again.  At dinner, we had a great waiter Claudio.Eric R. and I decided to share a steak.  We started off with the hearts of palm salad (hearts of palm, avocado, tomato, micro greens, pear vinaigrette) and our friends shared beef carpaccio with us.  For the meal, we split the 24 oz bone in ribeye (with plenty of leftovers!!), creamed corn (mmmm) and the foie gras, but instead of just foie gras by itself, it came with berries, fresh figs, and balsamic glaze.  Even Eric R. who first announced at Vegas Uncorked 2 years ago, "WHAT'S FOY GRASS?!" enjoyed the foie and all of the berries with it!We were all too full for dessert, but the food was tasty, the service great, and the ambience very nice.  We were under a stunning chandelier.  Claudio even joked with us when he asked what type of water we wanted, Eric R. and I both exclaimed, "LAKE MEAD!" and Claudio told us, "It isn't Lake Mead...at Hank's we serve Chateau Lake Mead water!"A steakhouse meal cannot be a regular occasion for us, but this was a nice treat and we will definitely be back for more happy hour martinis!!!
3	Nice enough place with decent food. Problem is, they are charging ultra high end prices equal to Prime @ Bellagio or Del Frisco's. This place is NOT in that category. Big signs everywhere saying "we love locals". Really? Then charging me strip prices for lesser food and service. Gorgonzola mashed potatoes were awesome!!
5	The tomahawk was worth every penny.  You can tell it was elaborately prepared and cooked to perfection.  The ambience and decor were nice for an off-the-strip steakhouse.
5	This place is 5-star all the way. My husband discovered it on The Food Network. It's located in a suburban area, so I was a little skeptical when we pulled in. Man was I surprised when we walked in. The decor was top notch and upscale. We ordered the 48oz Tomahawk, because it was featured on The Food Network and it was what made my husband want to try this place out. This thing was huge! It could easily feed 4 people. We order it medium rare and it was cooked to perfection! I'm really picky about my dirty martini and only order one from places that I know make them perfectly, so I got a little adventurous and decided to try theirs. So glad I did. Their dirty martini was the smoothest I've ever had! So, if you love a dirty martini, you have got to have one at Hank's.If you're in Vegas and are willing to go off the beaten path, this is the place to go.
5	Fantastic steakhouse experience!
4	Come for the steak, but stay for the creamed corn. Yes, their steaks are good. The 12 oz. filet ($46) that my wife and I split was just what we were craving -- a well-seasoned, tender, juicy cut that was maybe a touch too rare for the medium rare we ordered. But, excellent nonetheless.The real show stopper, however, was the creamed corn ($10). You would be hard pressed to find a better version of it anywhere in town. This deliciously sweet dish was relatively light on the cream, but bold in flavor and the cracker crumbles on top added the requisite contrast in texture for this highly addictive steakhouse staple. The portion size was large, large enough to feed four easily. Sine it was just the two of us, I gladly took the leftovers home and it was every bit as good the next day.We had some other dishes that were decent, but didn't come close to matching the corn or steak. The lobster and new potato corn chowder ($11) was thick and creamy with several large chunks of potatoes and lobster, but I didn't taste much corn. There was also some bacon in there which was chewy and gummy after sitting in the soup for god-knows-how-long.The mixed greens salad with goat cheese ($12) was kinda blah.We ordered oysters on the half shell ($16) and specifically told the waiter we wanted only the kusshi oysters after they told us the order usually is served with 3 kusshis and 3 cowboy(?) oysters (I honestly can't remember what type he said they were). They came back with the 3/3 split but brought out 3 more kusshis when we informed them of the error. I normally love kusshis but there was something about these that I wasn't crazy about... a weird aftertaste.For a second side with our entree, we had the almondine green beans ($10) -- sauteed, with slivers of almonds... delicious.The service was solid. There were three people waiting on us so drinks were always full and any issues we had were quickly dealt with.The setting is gorgeous. Similar to the look of it's sister restaurant, T-Bones at Red Rock, it has a large fireplace and a contemporary, yet conservative decor. They have several comfy looking booths lining two sides of the room and if you aren't lucky enough to get one of those, the other tables have some uber-comfy chairs that'll help you settle into your food coma.It is pricey (although slightly cheaper than the Strip) but a great value for what you get. We purchased a gift card from the weluvlocals.com site ($50 GC for $25) which helped reduce the cost. I used to think T-Bones and Twin Creeks (at the Silverton) were the top steak joints in the 'burbs, but Hank's is a clear cut above.
5	Top notch quality all the way.  Great decor and service as well.As usual, I opted for the ribeye.  Came to me nicely charred and cooked a perfect medium rare as requested.  Ordered a side of gorgonzola mashed potatoes.  Nice and buttery with the right consistency (mashed but with some texture).Didn't have room for dessert.  Sorry for the sparse review but that's all I really have to say about it.  It's good.  Only quibble might be they could put a more complex seasoning on the steak.  Steaks can get boring to eat after a while though I did love this one the whole way through.
3	I had not visited this restaurant in a few years (perhaps 5 to say the least). I had high expectations because I had heard so many positive comments from friends, but I was a bit disappointed.The staff took a little while to come to the table to take the order; then "we NEVER had a bread basket" delivered to our table; we ordered sweet potato fries and ended up having sweet potato uncooked fries. I had to send them back to the kitchen. This type of accidents should never happen at a top restaurant. You never make blunders like these.My steak was not cooked as I indicated, but the meat left pretty raw. So were the steaks of my guests. We definitely had steamed green beans, with "NOTHING" added to them, not even salt!! I could have done that myself in my microwave oven. The creamed corn was soupy and too much bread crumbs were added as a topping.The decor is beautiful, I won't lie BUT I won't pay for decor. I rather have quality food, and quality service. If you forget my bread basket to begin with, you have completely destroyed my dining experience for the evening. If I want beautiful decor, I will walk through CIty Center for FREE!!   In order to be considered a top restaurant, you need to deserved the stars with me and not mess up the basics. I cannot give then 4 stars for simple mistakes and high prices. Not worth the high prices for the food delivered. Go someplace else. I'm still searching for a steakhouse that is worth the prices which they charge.  I think going to Outback Steakhouse you may end up with better food and service! Vic and Anthony's at the Golden Nugget Casino has better service and better food- but you have to drive further than Henderson, of course. That is my favorite steakhouse!!
5	I feel like I a cheating on my honey because I love Hank! The steak, the martinis, the man that sings up front. Be still my heart! Who is this Hank and how can I have him to myself.Hank's Fine Steaks in located in Green Valley Ranch Casino in the middle of the hotel. I swear, once you walk in you forget your in a local casino and are transported to an upscale, ristsy martini bar. Chandeliers, fire places, mood lighting...I am getting goose bumps thinking about itThe ambiance is very upscale and calming. They staff is very attentive and focused on service. My favorite part....THEY PULL OUT THE TABLE...so you can easily get into the booths. Yes please! :)The food has never let me down. I am in love the the beef carpaiccio and the house salad. We get these every time we come here. The creamed corn is a must try and the truffle tators were delicious. The steak, oh the steak...amazing! It is so huge that we share and still cannot finish our side. YUM.BEST NEWS YET...if your local you can get a $25 for $50 coupon at weluvlocals.com. I mean, we usually never leave without paying over $150...but they love locals! LOL.Finally, you must try their martinis. We had the german chocolate martini. It was so good I had three! Just saying. Plus....happy hour, half off martinis and appitizers from 5 to 7 every day! YEAH!My next mission now is to find this Hank and proclaim my love for him, wait he might just be the guy that sings live there every night. That means Hank might have been serenading me this whole time...No wonder I love it there!
5	Kind of drove around the Green Valley Resort for about five minutes because we thought this place was in the shopping complex next to it. 'Tis not, it is inside of the Green Valley Resort on the casino level. Great decor on the inside. The wood and the fireplace in the middle kind of reminded me of a lodge type of feeling. Service was awesome, drinks were always full, bread was kept stocked on the table, and knowledgeable staff. In fact, the waiter was really nice and didn't "F" us over when my buddy and I asked him to suggest us a red wine with our dinner choice. (He didn't automatically choose a high end expensive glass of wine, and the choice paired well) The wife and I shared a rib eye (I believe 16oz), mashed potatoes, and creamed corn. Not exaggerating here, but every single bite of the steak was amazing. There is only one other place that my wife and I have ever gone to, that every single aspect of the food was a 5 out of 5. (The other is the Summit House in Fullerton, CA) Of course, with this caliber of food comes the price. The food, two cups of coffee, and one glass of wine came out to be around $100. Definitely would go back to this place, and recommend it to all friends who visit the Las Vegas area.
5	I remember discovering Ruth's Chris many years ago and thinking I'd died and gone to steak heaven.Hank's is better.This place puts out steak that will match or beat anything you've had at other high-end steak houses. On top of that their salads and sides are killer. I usually start with one of their tomato-mozzarella salads, although sometimes they have seasonal variations with watermelon, beets, or heirloom tomatoes - get one of those if you can. Hank's house salad is also super.For the steak itself I usually go with their rare petit filet, but I've also enjoyed the bone-in ribeye. A crazy friend of mine once ordered, much to my horror, a butterfly-well-done filet. Yet when I tried it, it was still pretty damn good. Don't do that, though.For sides, the mac and cheese is excellent, as is the ridiculous giant sweet potato with cinnamon butter. I usually get the plain but perfectly cooked steamed broccoli so I can fool myself into thinking I'm eating a balanced meal.They have a pretty extensive wine list. I've never got a bottle, but the ones I've had by the glass were very good. The house martinis are also delicious and fun. I usually start the meal with one and then move on to something deep and red.A neat surprise on the dessert menu is their unorthodox carrot cake, which nonetheless satisfies my purist carrot cake cravings. Give it a shot!All that plus the decor has a lovely swanky feel and the staff hits just the right note of laid-back and attentive. The place is not cheap, but on par with similar establishments. Because it's so nearby I try to talk myself into going there pretty often, like it's a casual restaurant. Don't tell my budget, though.My only complaint is that I'm usually not a fan of the live music they have there. It's not bad or anything; just a guy playing pop tunes on a piano, but somehow it's the wrong vibe for me. I'd much prefer something a little more slick and less common - maybe some old light jazz.Summary: if you like high end steak, go here.
4	One of my fav places!Love the martini's here! Plenty of specialties to choose from and they shake 'em up like crazy! Love those little ice chips in a freshly shaken martini :) The steaks are absolutely perfect! And the sides...delish!This place is great! Love the swanky atmosphere and amazing martinis :-)
4	I ate here about a year ago and would definitely come back if I'm ever rich. I definitely underestimated the interior. Crystal walls line the booths, and an interior fireplace sets a nice, romantic mood. Like any upscale steak place, you order sides separately but at least the portions were adquate...more than enough for two people. In fact, i'd say each side could easily satisfy 4 or more people when you consider that everyone's got a steak to finish. I had the rib eye, creamed corn, and garlic potatoes. The steak was delectably seasoned and was probably one of the best I've ever had but I don't know if it was the best outright. I also don't know how likely it is that I'd be willing to drop hundreds of dollars on a dinner bill any time soon, but I must say that the place is nice and offers everything you need for a romantic steak dinner.
5	This girl loves a great steak.Hank's was our first dinner at GVR with a few coworkers and clients. It sure hit the spot with atmosphere similar to El Gaucho but with a more contemporary twist. The space is warmed up by a modern fireplace and beautiful crystal chandeliers. Service was impeccable. This gentleman made my mouth water every time he described a dish, a cut of meat, or the house specials. He knew every ingredient and did not hesitate to offer a complimenting martini or a glass of wine. Attentive just enough and engaging.Talk about a proper steak: Hank's cuts are all prime and hand cut, with grass fed options available as well. Our dinner consisted of the following: - Carpaccio of beef: always one of my favorites, the meat plays center stage, with just a touch of good olive oil, capers and micro greens. - Petite Filet: prepared Rare plus, ahmazing, the steak melted in my mouth, it was accentuated by just a touch of salt and pepper, so I could really taste the flavor and texture of this cut. A little bit of peppercorn sauce on the side. - Steamed asparagus: bottom half of the stalks are shaved for perfect tenderness. - Rotisserie Chicken: This is a whole chicken. Crispy, seasoned skin and juicy flesh all around. - Mashed potatoes: super creamy, with a touch of garlic.Cucumber martini was a fresh start to the meal, followed by a glass of malbec.Delightful experience from start to finish. If you end up at GVR you absolutely have to eat at Hank's.
5	What an Experience!First off, the ambiance. Nice soft live music in the background. Modern looking fireplace walls separating the bar from the dining room area. Big, roomy,, comfortable booths, white tablecloths, dim lighting but not so dim that you can't read the menu.The Service.:Our waiter, Brian, was the best. Friendly, personable,  and ready to make suggestions without being obnoxious.The Food: We started with the Tuna Poke which was delicious (fresh seafood in the desert, wow). We then had a Caesar's salad with the right amount of dressing  and shaved Parmesan.Next came the 24 ounce bone-in rib eye which my wife and I split. They bring out the steak on a cart and carve it table side. That was a nice touch. Best steak I have had in a long time. Nice crust on the outside and tender, soft, and juicy on the inside. It literally melted in your mouth.For a side, we ordered the grilled tomatoes with spinach and cheese, delicious. We ordered a bottle of Syrah which complemented the food really well.In talking with Brian we told him we had recently celebrated our 25th anniversary. He brought out a chocolate lava cake with a scoop of ice cream. My wife was in heaven!Yes, it is expensive, but it is worth it. In short, one of the best meals I have had in a long time. Can't wait to head back out to Henderson for a steak fix.
3	For the price, it was just so-so. The service was a bit awkward and the T-bone Steak was so-so. Steamed asparagus was tasteless... Spinach was a little better. The spinach salad was better than everything else. :-)
5	I honestly would not know where to start in terms of explaining how absolutely incredible our experience at Hank's was.....  I guess the first great sign was the stunning entry doors, then the super whammy "better than the Hall of Mirrors at Versailles" chandeliers throughout the gorgeous dining room.  The elevated glass fireplace was simply the final ridiculously stunnig touch (!)  The room was so beautiful, we thought that surely the food had to suffer in comparison, but we were oh so happy to be wrong!!  The steaks were the best we've ever tasted; the sides were all fresh and cooked to perfection (the bleu cheese mashed potatoes are beyond delicious!), the wine list was superb, the deserts classicly balanced - not overdone.  Our waiter, Jeff, was a doll!!  His timing was sheer perfection, and his attitude was the perfect balance of in-depth knowledge, but conversational - NOT STUFFY!!!  Very approachable; made the evening such a joy :-)  I simply cannot recommend Hanks' highly enough - Yelp may only have a five star rating system, but Hank's is a TEN :-)
5	Although I don't eat meat, I do love this place! The ambiance and decorating is worth 5 stars. The restaurant is classy and elegant. It was a pleasant surprise considering it is inside an older casino in Henderson. Menu is adequate even for a vegetarian and the kitchen will work with you. The Mac n Cheese is the absolute best in the world!
5	The way to this girls heart is thru a juicy, flavorful steak... preferably a Ribeye! Well that's just what I got at Hanks.. went in with my husband & shared the 28 oz Ribeye.. huuuuge I know.. lol! That's why we shared it.. And all their sides are served family style.. 2-4 people serving.. we got augratin potatoes & asparagus.. Both were phenomenal.I ordered french onion soup for app & thought it was waaaay tooo salty. My husband got a wedge salad.. can't go wrong! Opted out for dessert.. we were way too full..lol
4	I think Hank's does a pretty fine job of making a steak and definitely does an AWESOME  job of making some yummy delicious martinis! Surprisingly with all my days at the District and GVR, I've never been to Hank's. We were invited to my company's Holiday dinner and with 10 of us, they sat us in the back room. It was a nice intimate place with cool decor and we had the whole room  to ourselves!I started off with the Hank's Signature Salad and the hubby started off with the Tuna Tartare. My salad was good, a lil on the over bearing on the dressing. Tuna tartare was decent, nothing to run home and Yelp about. We both went with the Bone In Rib Eye (originally I wanted the Prime Rib, but they were out....boo =(!!!) I definitely liked how they provided different types of sauces to accompany the steak, real horseradish sauce, Bearnaise sauce, etc. Steak was cooked to my liking and tender, but I barely put a dent in it. All their steaks are PRIME as they mention when they hand you the menu. The sides were my favorite, garlic mashed potatoes, mac and cheese, asparagus, sauteed spinach and mushrooms. Someone ordered a baked potato and I liked how they provided a couple of side items, bacon, chives, sour cream, etc. I finished off the company dinner with a creme brulee. Huge portion of yummyness with fruit! My favorite item of the night was the KOI martini...which I could probably drink like water if only it wasn't so strong! Service was very attentive and I think for the price you pay, you definitely get your money's worth! I will be back Hank's!
1	12/29/11 DINNER.The food was great, BUT EXPENSIVE. (But we knew that, going in.)The service was great. (In fact, the waitress was very sweet and attentive. I feel sorry for her, having to work there. The tips must be good.)BUT the "corporate" leaders AND their policies are ... well ... SCREWED.We went to GVR to attend an event coordinated by an outside entity ("Rock N Roll Wine", http://rocknrollwine.com/thursdays.html), which had advertised in their flyer online "...in addition to the great wine and live music, GVR is offering 15% off dinner to anyone with a Rock 'n Roll Wine wristband in any of their restaurants."So after the event (6p-8p) we decided to take advantage of said offer at Hank's, in the lounge. To make sure they would honor the 15%, we spoke with the "suit" at Hank's.He told us that the event coordinator did NOT have the approval of Stations Casinos (the parent company) to offer that discount.So we were screwed.Wouldn't they just honor it, since we were eating a small ticket after all? It wasn't gonna KILL their receipts of the evening. (Keep reading for details.)Answer: NO.But the icing on the cake?I got home to find that my bill at Hank's was taxed 18.1%, not 8.1%.Don't tell me I was charged a 10% RESORT FEE to dine at what is, basically, a LOCALS hotel/casino?What is WRONG with these corporate hacks? Do they WANT to drive business away? In THIS economy?We've been to Hank's a number of times in 2011, during happy hours as well as regular business hours, spending lots in the restaurant and bar.And we're done. I'll never return to ANY Stations Casino ANYTHING, after tonight. Who needs this?12/30/11 ADDENDUM.We went back to the restaurant this evening to get an explanation as to why I was taxed 18.1%, not 8.1%. They stated it was not a RESORT FEE, it was the ENTERTAINMENT FEE. HUH? I had been to this restaurant MANY TIMES over the past year I've lived here. I've sat in that same bar, I've eaten while their guitarist (it's been the SAME GUY, the entire year) played, and we were NEVER charged a 10% ENTERTAINMENT FEE.Well, obviously "We Luv Locals" no longer.I'll reiterate. The ENTIRE Stations Casino chain, with which we've done lots of business over the past year of living here, has lost ALL of our future business. We will no longer visit GVR, Sunset Station, Fiesta Henderson, Boulder Station, ANY of them. No more dinners at the Broiler, Cabo, Pasta Cucina, Terra Verde, Grand Cafe, buffets, especially HANK'S, EVER AGAIN.And ALL THIS over the princely sum of 15% off $115 = $17.25 + rebating the 10% ENTERTAINMENT FEE of $11.50.We sure hope Stations got their $28.75 worth from this idiotic move, to not have any more business from us, ever again.
5	I came here last month with my babe on a Thursday night. We arrived an hour after our reservation but they still allowed us to get points on Opentable, yay! We sat at the bar because we were hungry and didnt want to wait the 20 minutes. Very beautifil decor and the lighting was set dim for a nice romantic dinner. We ordered the Seafood Jumbo Jackpot and the 18oz Bone in Filet Mignon and of courst some martinis. Both dishes were great and satisfying. Service was great and Martinis were nice and strong but had lots of flavor too. Parking was $3 for Valet. We really enjoyed our dining experience and will be back next time we come to Vegas.
4	Fine steaks and Martinis. Definately a keeper inside Green Valley Ranch. I love the food and its all good. Try the seafood como appetizer and you get it all. Pricey but good. Lump crabmeat cocktail, filet, potato and whiskey and the party is on! But they seem to get lounge lizard musicians that dont help the great vibe in the room.
4	If you are looking for a great special night out Hanks is your place. Food is outstanding and employees provide world class service. Only negative is if there is music in the front bar area, the sound travels into the dining room and is a distraction. Prices are high but I do not mind since the experience is worth the price.
4	This place is great for people wanting a good meal that is comparable to what you can get on the strip without going to the strip. We ordered oysters Rockefeller and french onion soup,I had the filet as well as creamed spinach. All was good and what you would expect it to be for a good steakhouse. The decor in hanks is beautiful and very elegant.
5	Hanks is a classy joint.  The employees are fun & friendly.  The food & drinks are excellent.  Peter Love & Late Night Jams are becoming a habit for us on Friday nights.  Glad to have good music & atmosphere nearby.
5	Just does not get any better than this place.  Beats the sh** out of Morton's, Ruth's Chris or Del Frisco's.  Service, food quality and price (yes price!) are far superior than any of the chain steak houses.   Wine list is just awesome too.  (Screaming Eagle! Are you kidding me?) this is my new fav restaurant.
4	High-End Steakhouse? Vegas has a million of 'em! But Hank's stands out in the crowd.I would like to give Hank's a shout out for something rarely acknowledged on Yelp: this place is well MANAGED. Here bartenders know how to pour, staff knows how to serve, and the kitchen knows how to cook. If you have ever run a business, you know these are not by accident, but by design, with great staff executing a solid plan.
5	I really enjoyed Hanks! We came here to celebrate our anniversary. There was some glitch with our reservation, but it was quickly rectified, and we were seated shortly.  The decor is absolutely BEAUTIFUL! Comfy velvet covered curved booths, lovely chandeliers, a fire display- everything was gorgeous.  Service was also very smooth and friendly, with a few different servers assisting us throughout the night.  We sampled a couple of the martinis, which were refreshing but packed quite the punch!! I had the Koi, which had a mango flavor, and my husband had the Cucumber/Gin martini, which was like a mojito, but not as sweet.The food was definitely top notch as well.  We decided not to get steaks, but instead, I got the shrimp cocktail and the crab cakes, while my husband got the fried chicken.  We also shared an order of the yams.  Everything was delicious! The shrimp were huge, and the cocktail sauce yummy.  The crab cakes were light and delicate, full of crab, with just enough filler to keep them together. My husband REALLY enjoyed his fried chicken.  Although it was white meat, he said it wasn't dry at all,  the batter wasn't too heavy, and the sage gravy was very tasty.  We both enjoyed the baked yam, which came with a cinnamon-brown sugar butter.They brought us a complimentary creme brullee with berries for dessert, which was the perfect ending to the meal.  We will definitely return to Hanks!
3	This place is just ok for me. The restaurant has a nice setting, good service, and nice entertainment. The food is good but not great for the price. The steaks were slightly over aged for my taste, au gratin potatoes were very tasty though. They have a nice wine list with many options for all budgets. Its worth a try if you are at gvr and looking for a nice meal but I prefer most of the steak houses on the strip over this place.
3	First time at the steakhouse. Claudio as our waiter. He started off strong. Friendly, funny and excellent communication. Ordered the 48 ounce T-Bone that my wife and I split. Claudio cut it table side, poured our wine, and I'm not joking when I tell you that the next time he stopped at our table was to hand us our check. Our wine glasses were getting low so I did everything but send up a flare to get  his attention.  No luck. We ordered the steak at Med-Rare Plus but the ends were Medium well. There's enough meat on the plate to work around it, but it would have been nice for our Waiter, the manager, the busboy, a friend of the busboy, a cousin of the waiter,the cute hostess or even her parents to drop by and see how we were doing.Instead, we got the check and were on our way. I would normally start a political roundtable and various discussion groups at the restaurant, but we were late for a show, and as they say, the show must go on.
4	Happy hour for the mature crowd.  While the food is fantastic, drinks around 6pm are a regular draw. The 'closed' bar makes it feel more personal without being 'clubby'.  Top of my list.
1	I think our waiter described it best when he called this evening's meal "a disaster."We were seated slightly early for our 7pm reservation, but that's where the good restaurant karma stopped. Our salads didn't come until past 7.30--apparently the salad chef was really backed up. In all that time, no bread (or explanation) was offered. Finally my diabetic grandfather had to ask for a bread basket. The salad was delivered without dressing (which took an additional five minutes to get), anchovies (which never came at all), and with different ingredients than what we'd been promised (including blue cheese, which makes me sick). Our steaks didn't come until 8.10, and the French fries we'd ordered didn't make it for another 10 minutes. The steaks were good, although mine was medium at one end, medium rare in the middle, and rare at the other end. A problem with the grill, perhaps?  For whatever reasom, it was upsetting in an expensive filet.Our waiter clearly felt bad, and tried to make it up to us with two free deserts that we didn't want and my grandfather couldn't eat. Also, neither the cheesecake nor the carrot cake were all that good. In spite of our waiter's insistence that the kitchen was at fault, it wasn't just the kitchen--in the two hours we were sitting there, no one offered us refills on water, and I was brought a regular soda instead of diet. My grandmother said that if this was her first time here, she wouldn't go back. It *was* my first time, and I *won't* be back.
5	I've dined at Hank's several times and each time it was truly excellent.  I base this 90% on meat quality and 10% on service...both of which are truly top notch.The atmosphere in Hank's is elegant and beautiful...it literally looks like they spent millions of dollars on it.  Great place to take a date or for a celebration.  But be prepared...it is anything but cheap.  $60 per person would be the bare minumum if you order a steak...but you won't feel ripped off afterwards.
5	Great spot for a meal!  I stayed at GVR and we felt that our last night would be a nice steak dinner at Hank's. Obviously they are known for amazing martinis. I had my usual dirty martini while my girlfriend enjoyed a lychee martini.  Both were delicious! We devoured the tasty bread basket as we were starving. After that we shared some asparagus and broccoli to go along with our fillets. Everything was outstanding!  Service was even better. We sat at the bar and enjoyed dinner there.  All staff was great.  Our next trip to GVR (aprx 3 months) we will make sure to go back.
5	The food was great, but the service was just okay.
5	Sigh, I wish Red Rock had an equivalent quality restaurant in both atmosphere, service and food.  Instead, the occassional trek cross town to GVR is a must on my to do list.  Hanks is by far the best overall restaurant in Las Vegas.  But you have to follow some rules.  1) you have to forget about the price. I have resigned myself that I am not going to get premium quality steaks in Las Vegas for less than $100 per person (counting drinks, gratuity and sides).  I tried once and was greatly disappointed.  2) If you are intimidated by perfection, stay away.  The staff is as pleasing to the eye as the food is to the pallet and they are very friendly.  Now to the food.  The steaks are perfect. They offer several different cuts of steak and you pick your sauce.  Try the Gorgonzola Crust.  I have been here at least 3 times and each time, everyone's steaks are cooked perfectly.  The service is impeccable and the waiters will tell you if something isn't great that day or if they have a favorite.  That is how we came to order the Tator Tots.  I normally would shy away from lumps of corn starch and potatos that are on kids menus everywhere but the waiter convinced us this was a side to try.  We were not disappointed and there wasn't a tot left on the plate.  Another side that stood out was the spinach.  I cannot recommend this restaurant enough.  Not to mention their martinis are excellent and extensive.Maybe it helped that we had good dining groups each time but when 4-6 other people each time come away 100% satisfied, you know you did something right.
3	happy hour is wonderful  5-7  but the dinner atmospher is too noisy....accustics are very poor and lighting is not atmospheric....but the food is very good and very, very expensive.we find that we don't win very well at that casino
5	Holy smokes! This steakhouse deserves all four diamonds and more. The food, drinks and service are far beyond anything else I have experienced. The steaks should never be ordered beyond medium rare or you will ruin them. The gazpacho with crab meat was great with a nice kick to it. I had a swordfish steak that was more fantastic than any piece of fish I've ever had. The chocolate croissant bread pudding blew my mind, seriously, drop dead delicious. I wish I could have a whole dinner of it! Hank's is number 1!
5	Outstanding service, fantastic food, wonderful atmosphere.  This is my go-to place for the special, special occasions.  Especially those involving my lovely wife.  The steaks are wonderful, I recommend the peppercorn sauce.  Ask for the creamed corn (not on the menu) and prepare to be blown away.  The wine list is great and reasonable, and the martini's are world class (I like "Hank's Dirty" with blue cheese stuffed olives).  If you want a beautiful night with a significant someone, you probably cannot go wrong with this Vegas classic (in Green Valley, Henderson)
2	They have completely changed the menu - downgraded quality - service remains excellent - return to original menu - bad corporate decision.
5	The happy hour is now 4-6 which is not as convenient as the 5-7 that it used to be but still great for half price martinis. The lump meat crab cocktail is phenom! Ask for crackers with it and eat the crab on crackers dressed with the cocktail and horseradish spaces...YUM!  The servers in the bar area are incredibly attentive and wonderfully friendly.
4	My boyfriend brought me to Hanks for a lovely birthday dinner and we loved it. They have our very favorite wine, Justin's Cabernet Sauvignon! We shared their steak which was huge and delicious. Server was very attentive but then again, it's an expensive place so i expect the service to be up to par.
5	I was waiting for the moment Hank's was going to disappoint, after all its in any establishment's nature to have a bad day. But it never happened. Coming here 5 times - every steak was phenomenal, martinis were never anything less than tasty, the service was always impeccable, the live entertainment was consistently classy, and every experience was top notch. It should come as no surprise to anyone but it is without a doubt, Green Valley Ranch's best restaurant.It started with their 5-7 happy hour. Sitting by the bar and enjoying the piano ballads / live jazz, while sipping away with colleagues / clients on some of their killer martinis. From the dry glass to the exotic flair, I have always enjoyed their lychee and koi martinis. Every sip was smooth and the potency of the after taste made for a great finish. As one goes further into Henderson, these places just don't seem to exist.When it was evident the drinks would be taking a toll, it was on occasion, some complimentary bar food from the generous bartenders. If it wasn't drinks on the house, it was sides from the kitchen. A creamy and no frills mac and cheese, some cream spinach, an incredibly tasty lobster chowder, and a fresh, yet plump variety of shrimp with some cocktail sauce. After too many chowders / bisques, along with some of the best crab cakes in Sin City, did I finally decide to shoot for what they're known for best: Steak.I started small with a petite filet mignon, which for $40 was a bit more paltry than I had hoped. But any meat with the words "petite" or "small cut" is going to be a pricier, albeit unsatisfying portion for any serious carnivore. Instead of focusing on its size, I switched it to its taste, which was nothing less than foodgasmic. Charred bits, smooth textures, and juicy meat at its finest. I eventually moved onto to the full sized 9oz filet($46) and the prime rib New York ($45), both of which had me going gaga for more.Then there's the grand daddy. It's name is the Tomahawk Ribeye ($95) and while its a portion for two, I think I can gladly take it on by myself. It reminds me of something Tarzan or Fred Flintstone would eat - a hilarious hunk of meat on a bone, with a smell that ignites hunger for even the most casual meat eater. Paired with a gorgonzola crust ($8) and seared foie gras ($19) to add to the meal and sides of creamed spinach and potatoes, and its both a vegans worst nightmare and a glutton's finest moment.I admittedly don't visit Henderson as much as I used to, but after writing this review and an impending trip to Vegas, I think I'm due for another visit.
5	My husband I have been to Hanks a few times and each time we have loved it. In 2009 we went for our 1 yr wedding anniversary and again the food and service were excellent. I love there cream corn and steaks. At the end of the meal they brought us a mini cheesecake with a small white chocolate 'Happy Anniversary on top. It also tasted great. I would definitely recommend this place to friends and family. Thank you Hanks for making our anniversary special.
5	We were in Vegas for a birthday celebration and lucky for us it was Las Vegas Restaurant week.....decisions, decisions...oh, where to go.We finally decided on a steakhouse which our friends had heard great things at Hank's in Green Valley Ranch.  Being a Yelper, I did my research and we made reservations the day of.We were not disappointed.  The entire dining experience was fabulous.  The ambiance of Hank's is so decadent.  Love, love, love the lighting.   The hostesses who sat us was friendly and the table she sat us was lovely.   Am I getting too melancholy?Our table was fabulous!  It was roomy for 4, great lighting over a gorgeous chanderlier...the staff of 3 immediately was attentive.  At this point, they were now informed it was my birthday.  The 3 amigos appeared and made the night special.  They read all the specials, but again we knew what we wanted from their planned 3 course menu.  It was the petite filet mignon, wedge salad and a dessert.   We all got the petite filet mignon which was out of this world.  We decided on getting 2 extra sides the mashed and roasted baby shiitakes.  Oh baby.....The whole dining experience was so incredible, attention to every detail.  We ordered a beautiful bottle of wine and the bill still came out 400.00+....remember, we all got the set price of 50.00 bucks per person for the 3 courses.  As I read another Yelper mention you have to forget about the price if you eat here.  I will say, it was a bargain if you try during restaurant week.  This is my only my 2nd 5 star rating.....
5	A real gem. As good as the food was - my wife and I both had perfectly prepared filet mignons - we thought the service was even better. There's a fine line between the wait staff being attentive and hovering too much, but these folks had it down just right. The ambience was classy and tasteful, even more impressive than what was displayed on its website. The food was a bit overpriced, I thought, but not obscenely high. When the service and atmosphere were factored in, it made for a fair value. Bottom line: We definitely plan to return.
5	Hanks is a wonderful all around dining experience. They make you feel so special and the food is all amazing. I have been there with friends, for business, and for an anniversary. This restaurant is great for any occasion.
5	Now if you are going to spend $100+ for a great steak dinner, this is your place!I was overwhelmed & shocked with the amount of food that came with our Tomahawk Chop for 2 .  Part Filet, part Strip, this is an excellent choice for sharing. And because it's a large cut of meat if someone, like myself likes their steak a little more cooked, like Medium for instance-I grab the ends, and your co-diner likes his cooked less [M/R]- closer to the bone, this is perfection in a skillet!The meal, see my pix, consisted of a very large portion of Steak, Asparagus, Carrots, Potatoes, Tomatoes, Onions, and Broccoli for $99! UM that's 6 sides and a steak for under $50/person and leftovers to boot!  I'm so sad I didn't find out about this sooner!Best deal in town for a high-end steakhouse if you ask me. And they have live music, an extensive wine list, and great cocktail menu as well!  Hooray Great find!
5	They make the best Martinis I have experienced.  The beautiful female staff are super  friendly and work very hard to get you taken care of.  I don't think I need to mention the food since I have not a bad dish to date.  I am a regular at Happy Hour.
5	Filet Mignon....best I have ever had.  Service is impeccable.  I could eat here every single day.....
5	We went for our third anniversary. My husband requested a booth and it was just breathtaking in the dining room with the lovely chandeliers and relaxed ambiance. My lemon drop was a bit strong, but I am a drink wimp. Everything we ordered was fabulous. Our three servers greeted us by name, and knew of our anniversary. We had the surf and turf king crab legs with the petit filet medium "plus" since I done want it quite so pink and love it a bit warmer. The crab legs were the best I have had in years, served with its own drawn butter warmer. My husband went with the bone in New York and was quite happy. We got the "most popular" sides of creamed corn and potatoes au gratin and they were both great. There was so much food we ended up taking about half home (of course we finished the crab legs there). They even brought out three strawberries dipped in white and dark chocolate with a candle for our 3rd anniversary. We were very pleased with the food,  the staff, and the ambiance!
4	After hearing stories from my father about this venue, I was quite excited to go with him for our family friends birthday. We had a great time, but there were a few problems that kept this location from getting a "five star" review.In terms of atmosphere the restaurant is beautiful. There are elegant and grand chandeliers all over the place. This is one of the most luxuriously and modern appointed steakhouses I have ever been to. Even the bathroom had floor to ceiling marble. The food was delectable. My father and I split a Chateaubriand steak which was sliced table side. It was one of the best steaks I have ever had. At the end of our meal the staff brought out a great big slice of cheesecake with some raspberries and a candle for our friend. It was fantastic and the entire dinner meal went off without a hitch. The big problem, which was a bit of a downer before our meal, was the bar and their service. We decided to get before our meal. The staff at the bar are complete space cadets and made multiple irritating mistakes. First, it took twenty minuets to get our drinks, Then, when the waitress realized she got our drink order wrong she spilled one of our martinis all over the table and failed to clean it up. When the right drinks finally did arrive, another waitress decided to drop a full coffee cup right next to us sending glass everywhere. Our bar experience was only depreciated by another ten minute wait for our credit card to be taken. I had the impression from the service that the staff could possibly be drunker then I was!Luckily for Hank's, the restaurant side is so wonderful that it easily made up for the terrible bar. Our meal on the restaurant side went perfectly and was one of the highlights of my vacation.
4	For being inside a casino off the strip this place is wonderful! Staff is incredibly kind and accommodating, but more over the ambiance is beautiful. They offer a wonderful selection of fresh breads, all were wonderful. We tried the house chopped salad which was good but slightly over dressed. I had the tuna poki tacos which were light and delicious. We also tried their jumbo lump crab cocktail. The quality of the crab was impressive. The piano player and the people that positioned themselves by him were somewhat annoying. They kept interrupting their set and letting other people hop onto the piano to play what ever diddy they felt like and talked loudly about working on projects together in the future. I dunno, call me a princess but in a gorgeous setting like that I love the idea of just a lovely soft touch of live music to amplify the space. All in all I thoroughly enjoyed and will be back soon.
2	Very disappointed! I love a great steak and very much enjoy fine dining but the food here left much to be desired on both aspects. The oysters we ordered still had the adductor muscles in tact and the bone in rib eye my boyfriend ordered mid well was tough and had a good sized piece of gristle attached. My mid rare filet mignon and asparagus wasn't anything special. The martini I ordered had so much sugar the entire glass was sticky. The best part of my meal was the garlic mashed potatoes. The only reason I gave them two stars was because the service wasn't bad an the place is beautiful however that was somewhat ruined when they sat us right at the entrance to the dining area next to the bar which was quite loud especially when the restaurant was only half full if that.Overall the food quality lacked especially for their prices. I would not recommend the restaurant.
2	Dreamy scenery, with the warmth of the huge glassed-in fireplace contrasting nicely with the crystal chandeliers. Excellent service, with our server explaining the menu to us in depth. Good food. Not excellent, but good. My one problem that I couldnt overlook and which really spoiled the whole experience for me was this:Our waiter duped us into buying an entree. Allow me to explain. We told the waiter we wanted to split a meal. We werent that hungry and why pay for an extra plate if not necessary? We TOLD him this, and we were willing to pay a sharing fee or whatever. So after he told us the specials, the last of which was a surf and turf that added on scallops for $15 or so, we gave him our steak order. The waiter says "would you like to add on an order of scallops? Theyll complement the steak very well." I say "ok" assuming it would be an add-on. Nope. I got five (albiet very large) scallops. On a separate plate. We shared everything. And when tge bill came, those scallops werent $16, or $20, but THIRTY-EIGHT DOLLARS. So what probably would have been four and a half stars turned into two. Left a VERY bad taste in my mouth. I doubt we'll be back.
5	Hidden Gem!  I've been going to GVR for years now and every time I walk by Hank's I always think to myself, "How does that place stay in business?"  Little did I know that the joke is on me.  The food was out of this world!  The service was impeccable.  The attention detail was superb.  The salad plate was freezing cold, the steak plate was piping hot, the side dishes were to die for, the Steakhouse salad was out of this world, the peppercorn and horseradish dipping sauce were heavenly and I can just go on and on and on!  This is a must eat for locals and a VERY STRONG recommendation for travelers in Las Vegas.  Vegas has a ton of Steakhouse's but this one is truly special.
4	We had an enjoyable meal at Hank's.The food was excellent and everything was prepared wonderfully.  From the Steakhouse Salad, Crab Cakes, T-Bone for 2 and sides...all delicious.  The drinks were equally awesome.My rant, however, would be the service.  We came here a month ago and sat in the main dining room.  Again, food was awesome but service so-so.  They forgot my birthday dessert but we were full anyways so it wasn't a big deal, just disappointing.This time, we sat in the bar area to hear the live music.  Atmosphere not as romantic as it was crowded and noisy...but it was to be expected.  No biggie.Our waitress was nice and helpful when around, but most of the time...WHERE DID SHE GO?She was too busy helping the party near us with cocktails.  We were the least of her worries, or at least it felt that way.  Everything was sloooow.  Spacing between appetizers, main course and dessert was T O O FAR A P A R T!  Other than that, we really did like the food and music.Hopefully the third times a charm, should we frequent Hank's again!  :-)
4	Pretty legit steakhouse. Needs an extended happy hour.
5	We went on a busy Thursday night and had three fabulous waiters all to serve us! We had oysters, filets, and dessert aka we where there for a while. Our drinks were always full, our plates taken away, and the manager even stopped by a few times. Love the atmosphere and the decor inside the restaurant (only have been to the bar)! Suggest you come here for a night out!
4	"A Tall Drink of Brunette and a Bugs Bunny Special"A week ago my parents sent me a birthday card. Enclosed was a check and short note: 'It's your birthday. Don't behave.'I'll do my best, Maw and Paw.I worked late that cloudy Monday of March, and after work I stopped to get my Crown Vic's oil changed. Then I went to the bank, then to the car wash, and then proceeded to drive around in a funk. Didn't want to go home, didn't know where to go. Wasn't up for The Strip, wasn't up for one of my regular watering holes. I hadn't told anyone it was my birthday so I was free from required appearances.So I drove down 215, windows open, music off. I saw Green Valley Ranch Hotel/Casino in the distance. It had been a few years since my last visit so I decided to stop in.After parking on the top floor I strode through the massive doors. The casino floor was pretty empty. Typical for a Monday at an off-strip casino. I plucked a twenty from my pocket and stuck it in a Wheel of Fortune machine. No lie: I sat there for over an hour on the same twenty. Made it up to 95 bucks before watching it whittle down to nothing. No matter. I might be a lot of things but hard up for cash was never one of them.It was around 6 PM and I was hungry. I kept thinking of my parents' request not to behave so I decided to drop some major deniro at Hank's. I walked in, found a seat at the bar, and stared at some NCAA basketball. A word about Hank's: It's expensive, tastefully decorated, sanguine. Here's a look: http://greenvalleyranch.sclv.com/dining/hanks/?utm_source=YELP&utm_medium=SOCIAL&utm_term=GVR&utm_content=GVR-PROPERTIES&utm_campaign=GVR-YELPNot a lot of seating, great wine selection, pretty servers. As for the latter, mine was a tall drink of brunette. Wondrous curves with tresses to match. What a masterpiece. I asked for a glass of Red Rock and looked through the menu. All sorts of interesting and pricey selections. The decision: crab cakes to start, dry aged bone-in NY--medium, mac and cheese. I gave Tall Drink my order and she moved like a swan to fill it.In the meantime, I sipped my drink, watched the games, and smiled at Tall Drink.Enter crab cakes.Kind of on the small side, one with a small garden atop, some yellow sauce beneath. I wish they had been larger with more sauce but they were good. Not too dry, not too moist. Enter steak and mac/cheese. Both were too salty in my opinion.The meat was correctly cooked and had good flavor. But too much salt.The mac and cheese had a fantastic cheese taste but too much salt.I guess people must like their food salty but I'm not one of them. Nevertheless, I did like dipping my meat in the cheese sauce every third or fourth forkful. Such an act would likely cause gourmets to pass out but I don't care. And despite the sodium content I did manage to temper its power with some good old black pepper.I ate every crumb and asked for a dessert menu. Easy choice. Bugs Bunny Special, aka carrot cake. What's up, Doc?! And wow was that a big slab of decadent goodness! Fine cream cheese with a nice dollop of whipped cream on the side. Fantastic!I finished my beer and asked Tall Drink for the bill. It was around 100 bucks and with tip even more. But I was told not to behave, remember?Anyway, I paid and rose to leave, but not without smiling at TD a final time. I'm sure she awaits my return with patient desire.And I shall return one day. Perhaps with an even greater desire to misbehave....
5	This restaurant is a real treat. Fellas, if you want to impress your girl, take her here! It is away from the strip and situated inside Green Valley Ranch. It is beautifully furnished and decorated with crystal chandeliers in each room. This is top of the line luxury here. It is a bit pricey since sides are sold a la carte and two steak entrees can easily reach around $150. But if you want a fine steak and maybe want to celebrate a monumental moment in your life this is definitely the place to go.
5	Delicious food, amazing service, and beautiful atmosphere. Enjoyed a steak that was cooked perfectly, the augratin potatoes were so yummy, the house salad was fresh.
5	The filet was perfect. The wine, service and ambiance was perfect!! We will definitely return on our annual visit to Vegas!!
5	Hands down, the best steakhouse in Las Vegas! The BEST customer service in the WORLD!
5	After a disastrous meal at the GVR Cafe, The Better Half and I went searching for some desserts.  We browsed all of the menus around the property and decided to give this place a try.  I asked the hostess if the desserts were good here and she said "Absolutely, especially the Fried Oreos!".....Fried Oreos?!!!  Sold!Since we just ate dinner, we saddled up to the bar, ordered a couple of glasses of Wine and the following desserts:Fried Oreos, $9http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hanks-fine-steaks-and-martinis-henderson?select=Fr6o_W_g8jRLTOy1xV966A#Fr6o_W_g8jRLTOy1xV966Ahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hanks-fine-steaks-and-martinis-henderson?select=UDuyjS-PR-QMefJCeCiRZQ#UDuyjS-PR-QMefJCeCiRZQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hanks-fine-steaks-and-martinis-henderson?select=QArOEViaXlGNlALYT_4ltQ#QArOEViaXlGNlALYT_4ltQChocolate Cake, $9http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/green-valley-ranch-grand-cafe-henderson?select=rFCV6YBghUVpNiiND6VEbQ#rFCV6YBghUVpNiiND6VEbQLet's start with the Fried Oreos....they are A-W-E-S-O-M-E....!!!  The Oreos are surrounded by a fluffy, Doughnut shell and come with a Creamy Dipping Sauce....when you mix the two together and bite into it, you feel a slight crunch from the Cookie of the Oreo....then all of the flavors combine in your mouth to take you to nirvana....yes, it's that good!  Trust me.The Chocolate Cake is pretty amazing too.  However, I've had great Chocolate Cakes before.  What sets this place apart is the Fried Oreos.  It's so addicting that we stopped here every night of our stay to have them.  It's a must try if you're in the area.Return Factor - 100% (as long as the Fried Oreos are on the menu)
1	Order steak well done (that is the way I like it). Steak served rare and I asked the waiter to cook it more per my preference. Some 20 minutes later, when the others at my table had finished their meal, my steak had still NOT arrived. Very poor service considering the price.NOT RECOMMENDED
4	This is my second time at Hank's.  We came for our 11th anniversary, I guess I told them the occasion when I was making the reservation. From the host to the Sommelier to the waiters all wished us not only a Happy Anniversary, but Happy 11th Anniversary!I always liked the ambiance of this restaurant.  There is glass fire places, several chandeliers, views of steel and glass wine cellar, swanky sofa-like booths as well as tables with nice big chairs for each person. For a special touch, they seated us at a booth made actually for 4 people so that we could sit side by side. Service was incredibly attentive and comfortable, yet formal. However, I like a Sommelier that tells you about the wine you just ordered,  this one was silent and very stiff when presenting the wine.   Last time I was here, our Sommerlier was awesome and gave us info about the wine we were about to enjoy!  Anyway, Hank's has a beautiful and extensive wine collection.  Take advantage.One thing that was interesting and I liked was they ask if you want a bread basket or if you want to "save room" for your meal.My husband order the lobster chowder.  I took a bite, it was creamy yet still had nice size chunks of seafood and vegetables.  While excellent it was not extraordinary...I make a corn chowder that has a similar flavor profile. While meant to compliment the steak, I asked for the foie gras as my appetizer.  They happily obliged my request, without looking at me strangely.  OMG a nice 3 inch slice of heaven that I rarely get to eat anymore.  We shared a steakhouse salad and each got our own 22 oz bone-in ribeye.  Beautifully cooked to medium-rare, as requested. Sad thing was we were looking forward to a Tomahawk Steak for two, which they no longer offer.  Nonetheless, some of the best steak in the Vegas area. So stuffed and gathering that we don't eat grains they brought us two tuxedo dressed chocolate covered strawberries as a complimentary dessert. Very nice, and that was in addition to the little sweets they bring with your check. While we normally just celebrate our anniversary with a simple meal out, Hank's made our 11th very memorable. Everyone said good bye and Happy 11th Anniversary, once again.
3	Hank's to me is overhyped based on these reviews. It was very mediocre - slow service and average food.
4	Dinner is phenomenal!!!  I can't afford to eat here a lot but when I do it has become our favorite 3 or 4 times a year.  BUT... Happy hour has become a favorite for my wife and I.
4	DANGGGGG this place is nice and of course pricey!  But for Fine dining in Vegas its great!  We ordered a variety of appetizers, entrees and sides along with a few bottles of wine and champagne!  The food was amazing.  I recommend the salmon and the baked yam!  OHHH I was in love!!!  The service was great, very attentive and on top of the wine pouring!  I will make it back to Hanks when there is another special occasion to celebrate!
4	Great ambience, awesome and attentive wait staff, great wine selection, delicious steaks. Less than impressed with the profiteroles, but everything else was top shelf.
3	We were there July 4th weekend, and the bar was packed. We found 2 seats near the back and near the musician. Service took a while and we were told the bar is backed up. We loved the food- prime rib sliders, shrimp cocktail and watermelon salad. We didn't love the "entertainment tax" that was ever so hidden in the bill within the sales tax. When we complained about it, our server said it was posted on the menu. But not the happy hour menu! The manager removed that charge from our bills, and told us which nights didn't have live entertainment. I can't recommend coming for happy hour when they have entertainment.
3	The server was rude the minute we did not order an alcoholic beverage. The appetizers came out quick and were really delicious. After a very long pause we got the main course and sides. Everything tasted like it had been drenched in salt. The ribeye was the only exception. The server continued to act annoyed because of our comp which was bizarre being its inside a casino and most best clients are given comps to eat there. We ordered one dessert which was bad and was not offered a water refill after all the sodium. The atmosphere was really nice and if the server was pleasant and there wasn't a salt spill on the food the place has potential. This is why I'm still giving it 3 stars.
3	Just ate here yesterday and the atmosphere is awesome but the food was way over salty. The service was okay but yeah server was on our ass to make sure that we didn't go over our comp.  my group was like we can pay the difference.  Very weird!!The things our group enjoyed were:Lobster creams soup - Make sure to order it HOT. Poke tuna- excellent Fries - had to redo them because too salty Porterhouse steak- good to the TI would recommend this place but it needs to make sure to cook the food with more patience and less salt.  Service a little more training.
4	Absolutely loved the Canteloupe Martini! So fresh and yummy!
3	Went in around 5 and sat at the bar, service was good. Unfortunately, the food was disappointing for the price, I had the sliders and the ahi tacos. The meat in the sliders was dry and bland, apparently there was supposed to be horseradish, but I could barely taste any which would have made the flavor profile much better. The ahi tacos had an overbearing amount of guacamole, honestly taste like I was eating expensive chips with guacamole.
4	Went to Hank's on a Wednesday night. It was nearing the end of happy hour, so I was lucky to find a seat at the bar.  Although steak is my favorite food, I was after one thing:  fried chicken.  I have heard great things about the chicken at Hank's, so I had to see for myself.  I wanted a beer with my chicken, and I have to say, the beer selection was nothing to write home about.  I was expecting more.  Luckily they had Arrogant Bastard, and the bartender offered to keep the remainder of the large bottle in the fridge while I drank the first half.  I really appreciated that gesture.In addition to the fried chicken, I had the mac and cheese, but I only ate about a third of it.  It's excellent, but RICH.  Large noodles with a very good crust on top.  The cheese flavor was very strong, I couldn't place all of them, but it's a great combination.  And, the cheese stretched out as you spooned it out, it was extremely cheesy.  I will get this again.The fried chicken was SO close to being perfect.  First of all, it's white meat, so you would expect it to lose something in the way of juiciness.  This didn't happen, it was never close to dry, which is impressive.  The chicken was crispy, and there was plenty of flavorful sage gravy.  But, it needed salt and pepper.  If the chicken and gravy were seasoned the dish would have been fantastic.  That being said, it was very good.  It's not cheap at $31, but it was a very good representation of fried chicken, I highly recommend it.
5	One of the best steakhouses in Vegas. Nice atmosphere. Great service and tasty food. Not a place for jeans. Dress up a little.
5	This was my first time eating at Hanks. I will say that the seafood platter appetizers filled me up. Still had enough room to get a couple of bites of my steak which melted in my mouth. It made for a great left overs. Steak and eggs in the morning was so delicious. I would highly recommend this place especially if you are looking for a date night with your loved one. Great atmosphere and the staff was very friendly.
2	Had the bone in strip.  They state it's dry aged...and prime. It was not prime purely due to the lack of fat marble and I don't thing it was dry aged either.  Regardless it was tough and not seasoned well.  Corked correctly but not worth 50$. Not even close.
4	What a fantastic find!! Service, in restaurant was fabulous, attentive and friendly. We shared the halibut and got the hearts of palm salad and chopped salad..wow!! I would give this place a 5 star but service at the the bar was not friendly. It's ok to smile girls, not everyone is looking at your corset that is too tight. Smile, it pairs nicely with the $20 glass of wine I just ordered!
4	I love a great happy hour and Hanks makes a FINE martini! During happy hour martini a are half off. Hand crafted martinis made with fresh ingredients and there are plenty to choose from ranging from classic to new favorite flavors like cucumber. Cold and refreshing with just a hint of sweetness which makes it the perfect beverage to go with the chef inspired sliders. Tonight's slider offering: prime rib sliders on a potato bun with Brie and red onion relish #delish
4	Anniversary dinner at Hank's atmosphere was old school Vegas elegance loved it. Food...we had crab cocktail to start ice cold lump crab with 2 delicious dipping sauces. Followed by steak house salad it was a chopped salad if you like blue cheese you will love it. Ice cold salad crunchy bacon,avocado,white French dressing it was good but I will not order again because it is impossible to pick out the blue cheese in a chopped salad :) main coarse we had prime rib king and queens cut. we both ordered medium well. king was more medium rare we had to send it back mine which was much thinner and was perfect. Chris was our server very pleasant informative. The reasons I could not give five stars had to request a water refill, had to return prime rib, sides were sent out wrong. We both ordered potatoes and they tried to give us creamed spinach lol,computers went down when it was time to pay our bill so we had to wait a bit but that stuff happens. Surprise happy anniversary strawberries were a nice touch. All in all we enjoyed our anniversary diviner at Hank's and we look forward to coming back.
5	Walking in we notice the live music, great singer. The interiors were beautiful large chandeliers, fireplace, walls of wine.  Really romantic setting for me. We chose a bottle of Duckhorn Merlot really enjoyed it.  To my surprise the Canadian oysters were delicious!  He ordered surf and turf and I had the bone in ribeye. Ribeye is my favorite cut because of the marbling. I actually liked the flavor of the filet a lot better and texture was perfect.  The lobster was perfect and served with candle melted butter. Service from aerating the wine to never empty glasses, as soon as we ate the last bite of each course the plates were cleared and the next arrived. This dinner made it as one of my favorite dates!
4	Beautiful restaurant, perfect ambience for a lovely night. I got the grass fed filet mignon and a bunch of sides. I enjoyed the sides more than the steak. The Mac and chess, green peas, Tatar tots, and mash potatoes were delicious. We finished it off with some complimentary desserts. My favorite is the lemon tart.
5	I've had a lot of steaks from a ton of dive to high end restaurants around the country. Hank's is absolutely one of the best. We came in on a Sunday night when it was a bit slower and the restaurant was only out of 2 items on the menu following a busy weekend. Did not expect it to have such an upscale atmosphere but they didn't bat an eye at our very casual attire. The tuna appetizer was melt in your mouth delicious. For entree's we ordered a medium rare steak, fried chicken, mushrooms, and asparagus. Not a single criticism we could think of. Service was from 3 people that were always ready but never pushing to refresh drinks, clear plates, and engage us on the next part of our meal.Overall, the evening was very pricey but it was a really good experience. We will be back.
5	This is one of my regular spots. My most recent visit really confirmed how amazing service can be. My husband and I hadn't been to Hanks in a few months but we went for a drink at the bar. Bart, the bartender recognized us and asks: Oban Neat and Cosmopolitan? Where everybody knows your name.... Seamless. and it's consistent every time.
3	The steaks are good the atmosphere is nice for green valley. You might as well go to the strip where you'll get better service for the same price
5	What an amazing experience. Great food, inviting ambiance, and amazing service. We had a large party and the staff never missed a beat. If you like carrot cake, they have the best ever! It is big, so bring friends and be prepared to share it!
5	We went to Hank's for our office Xmas party. We all met up and gathered around the main bar. The bar was kinda busy, but after a long wait we realized we (3 women) were in no danger of being served. Although I noticed a few men come up to the bar after us, and they had no trouble receiving drinks. Finally we decided to just go to our table. Once they say us in a private room for our dinner, the service impetus immensely. I started off with the organic green tea. I started with the shrimp cocktail, then on to Caesar salad and born were good. After I warmed up a little I ordered the Pilot Noir to pair with my medium rare filet. This easily may be one of the best filets I've ever eaten. It was cooked perfectly. Very flavorful. Afterwards, we went out to the Piano bar for a few more drinks. So much fun! Everyone was having a great time laughing, drinking and dancing around. We had a cute redheaded waitresses while at the piano bar and she was very good about keeping up with us. All around it was an excellent night. Thanks to Hank's! Can't wait to go back.
2	Saturday night prior to the 3 Doors Down concert at GVR we had reservations at Hanks which we normally enjoy. We arrived a bit early to take advantage of their Happy Hour and the bartender made the most delicious pear martini's. The bar & lounge area quickly filled up and within a short time it was standing room only. So, if you're looking to enjoy Happy Hour be sure to get there early! Once we were seated our server introduced himself and seemed very knowledgeable about the menu items and explaining what items were not available because of quality issues. They also finally introduced a non-seafood appetizer which delighted my husband who doesn't like seafood. I opted for the crab cakes which, although good, it took me a bit to warm up to as they were not traditional crab cakes but more like soft lumps of crab molded into a round cake form but not baked or pan seared like I would have expected (or maybe they were just not cooked long enough). For my entree I ordered the Seafood Jackpot which I always order and thoroughly enjoy. This time, though, I was disappointed: the oysters were super small, my crab claws were still somewhat frozen and the shrimp and lobster tail tasted like they had been sitting on ice too long. The lump crab was very good but certainly didn't make up for the price paid for the entree. For my husband who likes steak but prefers it well done, he listened to the servers suggestion and got a bone-in steak instead of the filet he would have normally ordered and requested to have it butterflied to ensure it was cooked through. He was also disappointed and didn't finish his steak.  He mentioned it didn't have much flavor and was a lot more red than he would normally preferred. He said the best part of his dinner was his baked potato. Although we've enjoyed Hanks in the past we're not really certain that we'll be going back for dinner since it's supposed to be a high end restaurant and this time, other than the pear martini,  it was beyond disappointing especially for the price.
2	I have eaten here a few times.  The food is always good.  Not great, good.  I usually hit TBones in Summerlin.  TBones is always right on.  Hank's can take a lesson from TBones.  I ordered the petite filet.  I ordered it medium rare.  The steak was served to me rare..borderline raw.  It was chewy.  I told my server and he politely and understandingly took it back for a little more fire.  The filet was returned....possibly a new piece if meat.  As I started into it, all was fine.  However, once I hit the center, it was raw....again.  The server cleaned plates and asked me how everything was.  Now, the remains of a raw piece of meat on my plate should be a red flag.  But it wasn't.  I told him that the center was raw and he.....apologized and asked if we wanted dessert.  No thanks!Here is my takeaway....  Stick with TBones.  Service at Hank's is ok, but the servers need a lesson on "plate clues".   If there is a raw piece of meat on the plate, figure something is up and don't just jump to dessert.  Offer a free dessert, offer to take the raw piece of meat off the bill.  Neither happened.  Stick to TBones!!!I
4	The food was good, certainly up to the reputation Hank's has, steaks were cooked perfectly, sides were generous in portion size, service was ok.The main issue was the amount of time the meal took, I can understand not wanting to rush a good meal, but it took roughly 90 minutes from ordering to delivery of the food, way to slow IMHO.
4	this was our "fine dining" group dinner location for a friends bachelor party.  the service here is amazing.  i believe our server was claudio.  he and his team were more than attentive without being overbearing.most of us either had the ribeye or kc steak.  the steaks were cooked to near perfection.  as previous reviews have stated, the cream corn is a MUST have.  claudio said it was their best seller for the past 8 years!  i can definitely see why.. and u must, too!the only downer was dessert.  some butter rum cake thing.. disgusting.  u know how u look at a menu and think, "oh, that sounds good.."  yea, it wasn't.  i hope they take it off their menu.  the cake was dry and the butter rum left me that "wdf is this?  why would you make me eat this?" feeling.if you have to splurge a bit, this is the place to go.  good service, good food.. eh, on dessert.  our bill for 9 people was around $1100 after tip.  def will eat there again
5	Another fine Stations steakhouse!!!  Atmosphere was impressive and the food was excellent!!!   For starters we had the tuna tartare and the seafood platter.  The tuna tartare was okay.  I've had better.  The seafood platter was amazing.  Stone crab claws, huge shrimp cocktail, prawns, perfect Kumamoto oysters, lump crab meat... Wow!!!  They have an amazing horseradish that they call atomic.  Clears your sinuses so use sparingly...but it is so delicious.  I ordered the bone-in rib eye.  I was cooked perfectly and tasted delicious with the cracked peppercorn sauce.  The kids ordered petite filets and the fried chicken.  Amazing!!!  The wife and kids ordered dessert.  The carrot cake slice was big enough to feed four!!!Great restaurant!!  We will return!!
4	Congratulations. Second best filet mignon in my eyes in Las Vegas.
2	We used to love this place so much but over the last year the food and service has gone way downhill. We used to love their happy hour menu which is now half the items it used to be at half the quality and quantity. Not quite sure if new management has taken over or hat but it has for sure gone downhill.
5	The kentucky bone in steak is the best.  Ive tried all the steaks you have to try it.The drinks are kind of expensive. The tuna is just alright but there breads are great. Give them a shot great steak.
3	First off, Green Valley Ranch Resort is a hidden gem in the suburbs of Vegas. I am told its part of the 'Station' family. Dinner. We had an awesome wine recommendation, so perhaps the vino impacted my rating!  They brought out a seafood platter that could have fed an army: oysters, lobster tail, shrimp...unbelievable. Most of the table ordered steaks, and raved. I was just not in the mood, so I ordered french onion soup and buttermilk fried chicken breast. I never order fried chicken...but the server was correct that it was a hidden jewel on the menu. Moist, and Southern comfort food at its best. Expect a large bill, but its Vegas, which means no more inexpensive meals. One more point--there is a 15 foot wide glass double-sided fireplace in the middle of Hanks. Too cool.
3	This is an update for the bar area.  Went on a friday to listen to live music.  The singer was very good and played both acoustic guitar and piano.  However, the service was horrible and the crowd worse.  I tried a couple of their special martinis which were ok butt there really aren't many daring mixes.  The guy next to me at the bar spent 10 minutes complaining that his 24 dollar burger came on a regular bun.  So i went and sat down at the piano bar.  There was one other couple at the piano bar at the same time.  I literally witnessed them order, get served, be asked several times if they needed anything and be served again during the 30 minutes I sat there with an empty water in front of me and an open tab just begging to have something charged to it.  When the singer took a break, I went back to the bar, closed out my tab.  The bar manager asked if everything was ok and I told him no one had asked if I wanted anything.  All he could do was stammer an apology but I was already on my way out.   Shame because I really like this place and remember when you couldn't even find a seat on a friday.  I will go back though because I like live music and maybe the rest will be better next time.
4	Great ambiance. Delicious steak and vegs. Will go again... Real soon. Wonderful for locals and or visitors especially after day at pool. :)
1	Went to Hank's on a sunday evening. This is the second time in a row the food and service was down right mediocre. Martinis good, steaks very average.We got one basket of bread for four and requested more at least 6 times and received none even after being told it would be right out. Asked for waters at least 6 times and did not get one glass. The waitress had no help bussing or serving water if asked. There we sat with no bread for quite awhile. Then some people from the kitchen brought our salads. about two minutes later the dinners showed up. The fries were extra soggy. We will not be back to this way over priced restaurant. You are much better off going to another Station Casino restaurant like Sonoma at Sunset Station or the Broiler at Boulder Station for atmosphere and value.
4	Great food and very attentive service. Martinis are always awesome. Next time I may try to save room for one of their desserts.
5	Hanks Steaks & Martinis is the Best Steakhouse I've found in the Las Vegas area since "The Flame" that was located in the back of the old Desert Inn Hotel. Hank's (20 ounce) Bone-In, Dry aged 28 days Filet Minion is the second best Steak I've ever had.  We'll worth a trip on a special event, Birthday &/or Anniversary . Located in Henderson at the Green Valley Ranch Resort and Spa. Every time I think about that meal I start to salivate !
2	The food was delicious. I have to say we started off great and went downhill. Roger our waiter, seemed overwhelmed as the dining room got filled up. Items were forgotten, yes mostly mine. We are entertaining an out of town guest, this was a bit embarrassing. The best was one he lumbered over with a pathetic Birthday something, and walked away - leaving us without any silverware. I ordered cappuccino. It was lovely that the bus boy came over after my friends got their coffee and tea and said "Roger forgets our Cappuccino machine is broken." He brought over a plate of 3 tiny desserts to make up for it. Not impressed. Back in the day, they just seemed to care more. Step it up.
5	Ok so there are tons of steak places in Vegas, but our friends from there suggested this place.  I wasn't too sure since it is out far away and a BJ's is next door, and a Movie theater downstairs... I wasn't sure what to expect.  Wow, was I amazed!  We ate here on 6/19/14 a Thursday night.  They had live music, but we sat in the dining room...it's funny because they pulled out the table because it's difficult to slide in on the couch material...you'll have to take my word on that.  My wife and I shared a cocktail, "Berry basil Bliss"  it was good.  Then we ordered a "dozen raw oysters", those were fresh, very good. We also order the "fried calamari", and it was good but with the bread they give you and what we ordered we could have passed it up.  We both shared the "Prime bone in 22 oz. Rib Eye" that is wet aged for a minimum of 14 days and dry aged for 28 days...this steak, wow...it was so good, I ordered it medium rare, and that's how it came out, perfect flavor and texture and right amount of fat. I'm already craving going back there as I write this review.  The wait staff was great and attentive and at the end they gave us a small assorted dessert which was awesome as well.  So if you are really into fine steak places, I would recommend to skip the strip and drive a little further to hanks.
4	Had dinner the other night, service was very good atmosphere. Decor very nice--only problem was a little loud music.  Food was excellent started with oysters--very fresh very good Coldwater. Also had a shrimp cocktail, if you like spicy this is definitely for you it was a little too spicy for me. Moved on to the chowder--very rich creamy and full of flavor.  Lettuce wedge salad was very nice--not much to say other then it's lettuce wedge--wonderful blue cheese dressing. Had filet mignon very very good. The wine list is a definite must to look over wonderful selections and a wide variety. I would say this is a very good place to go!
4	Happy Hour at Hanks!The girls and I stopped in for their happy hour since we've all heard great things about it.   You walk into their bar and lounge area.  It's decorated beautifully with many comfy seating all around.   During our visit here there was a guitarist playing ever so lightly which made for great cocktail music.  We decided to split their Mushroom and goat cheese tart.  Oh Yum.  So rich and creamy.  This isn't served with any bread for dipping but we received some without any issues.  We also split the chef's choice sliders.  On that particular day it was reuben sliders with sauerkraut.  Well, we respectfully requested them without the sauerkraut.  They were good but not great.  I'm hoping to try them again on a different slider option night.  Service here was good.  We didn't have any issues with drinks and refills.  There were a few different girls always checking on our table.  It was nice!Yes, I will be back again!  Maybe for dinner next time.  :-)
4	Although I always enjoy a great steak, I find the pricing to be very extreme.  The ambiance is great for date night!
5	This place is everything you'd expect from a fine steakhouse.  I was blown away.  Took my nephew and his girlfriend for an experience, "that they will never forget."  That's what was said when we were done.  Absolutely top notch phenomenal!"Dressy" for attire I marked on this rating, but we were casual and did just fine.  We didn't get thrown out.  MICHAEL is an outstanding server and the sommelier took care of our wine selection.
4	One if my favorite places for a good steak in Vegas.  I always get it Oscar style, big lumps of crab on top.  Haven't had anything I don't like there.  Seafood platters and the many sides are delicious.  Especially nice if you get to sit near the entertainment.  Our last visit there they had a guy playing guitar.  He played a wide range if songs that we all knew.  It was just really nice and added to the already cool atmosphere if the place.
2	Nice ambiance and friendly staff were not enough to compensate for my over cooked steak. Also ordered the "poblano and parmesan" creamed corn, wouldn't recommend it unless you just want corn and bread crumbs. It was flavorless. The best part of our meal were the crab cakes. Ruth Cris is a safer bet for my money.
2	We were disappointed, especially for the price point. The level of service and order accuracy was appalling. We waited over 40 minutes for our steaks to arrive, and my husbands med rare steak came out practically raw, and so did someone else's in our party. Neither of them are them. Even after a complaint by someone in our party, no apology was granted.  We expected a better experience for sure.
2	Waited over 35 mins from the time we ordered our drinks until they brought them to us. Granted it was busy, but that's inexcusable for the amount you pay here. The waitress was really nice and apologetic but seemed as if she was helpless to fix the situation. The food is actually really good. If they lowered their prices by 20% their prices would be more in line with the quality.
4	Yes - it is delicious.  The filet mignon is tasty and seasoned.  My steak had a little melted butter on it or you can have some melted blue cheese on it - either way (and I have had both)...its amazing).  Nice and dark like a good fancy steakhouse should be - I enjoy the atmosphere and the ambiance.  The wait staff is nice and thorough and although it is expensive, you get what you pay for...its GREAT!
2	Took my husband here for his birthday.  From all of our enjoyable dinners there in the past we were severly disappointed that night.  He of course had steak, I decided to try the much lauded fried chicken.  For sides we had the asparagus, au gratin potatoes and the mushrooms.The steak was okay but not in the class of its description or price. The fried chicken -- meh, it was alright.  I had the accompanying sage gravy on the side and was very glad for it as its very over powering with one heavy note of sage.The au gratin potatoes were the only thing I found amazing as they usually were.The asparagus was woody and splintery.The mushrooms were the worst of the bunch.  They again were overpowering one note flavor -- red wine.  There was a smattering of fresh herbs thrown over the top for serving.  But this preparation was a disservice to something that can (when done properly) be such a great complement to main courses.At the end of the meal a mini complementary creme' brulee was served to my husband he said it was good.I asked for the desert menu which they delivered with a plate of mini desert, when we asked what they were we were told "I don't know" and he walked away.  Twenty minutes later they finally came back to take my desert order.  I'd given up by this time and we were ready to leave.We probably will never be back to this restaurant which is a shame as this used to be a wonderful restaurant.
5	Wow.... Hanks is where we choose for a special dinner. Unbeatable service atmosphere food and drinks. Top notch.
1	We were excited to eat at Hank's Fine Steaks & Martinis hoping for a good steak dinner.  The interior of the restaurant is sleek and sexy; we went on a weeknight and since the dinning area was not busy, we were seated right way and given menus and water.  But that's when our experience ended.  After sitting for 25 minutes without acknowledgement that someone would come by for our order, we gave up and left.
4	Torn between 4 and 5. Service is def' a 5. Having DUCKHORN wine is a 5. Now the steak is a 4. The martini was a solid 5. As for the side dish, Creamed corn and brussel sprouts were my fav and a 5. Mac and cheese and steakhouse salad were 4.Overall, a quality steakhouse. I used to frequent GVR but never came here till recently for a birthday dinner. I was pleasantly surprised. Nice decor inside... Food was great but it wasn't the best I've ever had. Maybe I am a bit spoiled when it comes to fine dining. Would I go back? Yes. Do I recommend? Yes. ENJOY~ all you carnivores!
5	The place is high end, food Is great but reason for my review is the best martini I have ever had.  The  bartender name Bartec is a true professional and he made my bday memeorable. Will be back next bday.
3	Eh had way bigger expectations for this place. Great martinis and service. That's about all.
3	Dined at Hanks when I stayed at the GVR. The service was good- I think the server had a cold. They were out of the Niman Filet, I ordered the strip instead- not a good choice. When the food came out the steak was a cold, the sides- asparagus and mushrooms were perfect. Ordered the salt caramel profiteroles- it was delicious! Place is beautiful and spotless, but when you drop $200 plus for dinner, hot food should hot.  If I'm staying at the GVR in the future, I'd probably pass on Hanks.
3	Always a real treat when in town was going to HH at Hanks. But recently returned after being away for the summer, only to discover the HH menu had somewhat changed. Informed by an unusually surly female bartender, now some of the HH apps 'rotate'... whatever that means. So you're looking for those great beef sliders once was a staple... don't count on 'em being offered. Now they could be something like a very tasteless version of what's being referred to as a 'sloppy-joe' slider.
5	Perhaps I should give this place a 4, but it teeters between 4 and 5 stars for me.  Both times I went, I sat at the bar.  Service provided by the Asian male bartender with glasses and the the female bartender with blond hair was terrific.... attentive but not overbearing.  I've tasted: - French onion soup - good, solid choice, but not the best I've ever had.- Crab cakes - to die for!  They were really juicy and plump with not much breading.- Caesar - first time was delicious, second time was over-dressed - Artichoke salad - impressive presentation in an artichoke heart, but unfortunately, the leaves were not tender enough to eat.- Brocoli florets with hollandaise - incredible!- Charred sweet corn - Also surprisingly incredible.  It was so soft and sweet.  YUM.I had wine the first time I went and it was good and reasonably priced.  There are some wines on the list that seem a bit overpriced, but other options for more price conscious people.
5	This is an easy 5 stars. Amazing decor and atmosphere. Great selection and perfectly done steaks. My favorite is the rib eye bone in.
4	Came here for an office dinner party....First off the place is beautiful. But don't feel the stressful need to dress up as there were a lot of people in jeans and shorts!Appetizers: Fried calamari was FANTASTIC!!!! the little pit of the Poke i tried was very good as well.  I wasn't too fond of the crab cakes but everyone else seemed to love them.Dinner:  First off... it took almost 45 min for our food to arrive at the table...A majority of us had the bison steak.  It was good... but wasn't the best bison i have had. a little disappointed with that.  took a little piece of someones fried chicken and OH MY GOODNESS was it good!Side dishes:  I personally liked the au gratin potatoes the best! very good.  everyone else loved the creamed corn... it was good but i'm normally not a fan of it in the first place.  the mac and cheese was good... nothing to rant over.  mashed potatoes were very good.... but i like the au gratin better!  the asparagus was under cooked and hard.  was very bland as well and just wasn't worth the $12 or whatever overpriced amount it was.all in all it was a great dinner... worth a try!
5	Atmosphere is so pretty and romantic. Service is excellent! Best steakhouse I have been to in Vegas! Perfect date night spot. Also,happy hour is GREAT.
4	This really is a fantastic place to dine & or enjoy a decadent cocktail. The ambience is fantastic and there's often great live music. The food is done well and kitchen observable which is always a plus for me as far as cleanliness and sanitation is concerned. Chocolate expresso martinis are fantastic! Ahi tacos, kale salad ,salmon etc.
4	We stopped in for happy hour at Hanks last nite! The atmosphere is nice, the lighting is dim and provides a good ambiance and the restaurant is beautifully decorated. During our visit here there was a guitarist playing which made for great cocktail music.  We enjoyed dirty martinis and split an order of the steak fries... the fries are delicious! With a bed of French fries garnished with cheese, tomatoes, sour cream, green onions and of course STEAK, these were scrumptious and definitely worth a try!The service was good, very friendly staff!
4	GREAT Martinis!Go happy hour for half price.food is very good and very $$$$
