5	It's a pretty disgusting feeling clicking 5 stars for a dentist, especially because I have a lot of anxiety about dentists and doctors, but Dr. Fife is awesome.  Three years ago I was referred to him to get a root canal from him, and all I remember is leaving the office so confused at how everything was done so quickly and with very little pain.Fast forward to last week, when my dentist told me I'd need another root canal.  Went back to Dr. Fife, even with the higher price tag as he is a specialist.  Reminded him that I'm a big baby in the dentist's chair, and he talked me through the whole operation, didn't make me feel bad for needing to stop inbetween, and had me done in record time.  I don't think it was even 30 minutes in the chair, start to finish.That's all 4 star material until my phone just rang, and it was Dr. Fife on the phone.  It's 7pm, and he was just calling to check up on me and make sure I was ok.  Not one of his office assistants, but the doctor himself.  That is just classy.  Yes, it's a four figure procedure, but going to Dr. Fife was well worth it in my opinion.
5	20 min root canal and he called to check in on me.  I hear he has 6 kids yet he still called and checked in.  I call him the sharpshooter of endodontics, because he is fast.  Fast means no pain.  I had one before and it took 2 hours over 2 days. They are also really anal about cleaning, never ask his assistant or she will tell you more than you ever wanted to know about unhygienic dental offices.
5	I totally agree with the other posters. Dr. Fyfe is excellent, has the latest in equipment that takes the guesswork and time out of endodontics. I can remember the 'old days' when root canals were long, agonizing events, and never done in one session. It's a whole new world now in endodontics and so much easier and faster.
5	If I could give him 10 stars, I would!I walked in, not sure what I'd need - within a few minutes it was evident I needed a root canal (I figured, but...).  Said that they had time to do it that day and that it would only take about 30 minutes!The technology and staff along with Dr Fife was great.  I didn't have a bit of pain the entire day!The phone call later in the day was really great - and the personal touch that everyone who really doesn't have faith in doctors, dentists, etc... needs!Thank you to Dr Fife and his staff - absolutely the best dental experience I've ever had!!!
5	Best root canal I ever had!!  Only takes about 30 minutes.... no waiting in a dental chair for hours!!
5	This is my second time to Dr. Fife, I had my first root canal about 7 years ago, and I remembered how easy and fast the procedure was. This time around it was no different. I was in and out in 45 minutes, that's including everything, check in, x-rays, root canal, check out. He is quick draw McGraw, he had 2 other pt's along with me, and he worked between the 3 of us. He was fast. Which is fine, because I wanted to go, no offense! Think I still had the bib on my way out. Just kidding! Hope I don't need his services again, but if I do I know where to go. Like the other reviewers, it's very classy to receive a call from the Dr to check on you, and he also gives his cell phone number out in case of emergencies.
1	i was qouted a price and after that i paid more...
5	This was my first root canal, and I was very apprehensive. My tooth was very sensitive and I didn't want anyone near it. Dr. Fife and his assistant were very good at listening to my concerns and making sure I was completely numb before they went into the tooth. When I did feel something, they instantly stopped and gave me more anesthetic. The whole procedure only took about 25 minutes. He called me personally later that evening to make sure I was doing OK. I was treated very well and am so glad I was referred to Dr. Fife!
5	Excellent doc. Took care of one root canal, to stop an infection and found one done years ago needed to be cleaned up as well. He did all the work same day/same appointment. Called me later to see how things were going. Need to go back for a similar problem, but this time he recommended having my regular dentist remove tooth since the source of problem would not show up on x-rays. I did agree.The office is very clean and modern, doc makes effort to keep procedure painless.This type of dentistry is always expensive, so they found out for me what part insurance would pay before starting and showed me what my part and insurance would add up to. Fortunately, my credit card could be used to finance my balance.I would recommend Dr. Fife to anyone when your regular dentist suggests you see him or another specialist.
5	Excellent! He has done two of my root canals and both times he made the process as painless as possible. Great "chair side" manner, took time to answer questions, explain procedure and even gives you his personal cell phone number with after-care instructions in case you need to get a hold of him. The staff is also excellent!! I saw a staff member a few days after my procedure at a 5k race; it was cold and super early but she still thought to ask me how I was doing :)I hope I don't have to see him again for a long time, but if I need another root canal while living in Las Vegas, I know Dr. Fife will do an excellent job.
5	Don't waste with your time with anyone else if you have to have a root canal and call them immediately.  Dr. Fife was quick and efficient.  He made the process almost pain free which is amazing since most of my dentist work has left me with an almost nightmarish dread.  I would recommend Dr. Fife to anyone who has a tooth that needs root canal work!
5	Great doc, I wasn't thrilled to be there and he could tell, I felt cared for and left there thinking I wouldn't mind going back (if I had to).
5	Excellent care and attention from the moment I walked in the door.  Staff was friendly, made sure I was comfortable, and they were easy to communicate with.  Dr. Fife performed a root-canal to clean out an infection (previous root-canal was not done properly years ago by another Dr.) and he was professional, answered my questions, and completed the process in 25 minutes with no pain.  Dr. Fife called me personally to see how I was doing.  Offices were very clean and my experience with Dr. Fife and his staff was excellent.  Would highly recommend Dr. Fife!
5	Dr. Fife is my go-to guy for all my root canals.  He's gentle, caring, and efficient.  He is also great at following up with his patients to see how they feel.  I am never sore or swollen after any work done with him, and he's always available for emergencies.  Great guy, great office staff, and great service.
5	This guys and his office staff are amazing. Same day root canals? Who even knew that was possible. I have had 2 root canals with Dr. Fife and both times were quick, easy, and painless. He even calls you later to see how you are doing.OUTSTANDING
5	I had an dental emergency once.  A root canal was needed.  Dr. Fife had me in and out of his office in 30min.  He is a god send.
5	I can't think of anything that could have been done better. The office is clean, staff is professional, punctual, and friendly, and my root canal was as painless as a root canal can be. The doctor himself made a follow-up call later that day to make sure I was okay. I would absolutely go back to Dr. Fife if I ever need another root canal.
5	Dr. Fife and his staff are the best!!! I needed a root canal last one I had was over 25 years ago. In my head I was preparing myself for days of pain and multiple visits to the dreaded dentist chair. I was in and out in 35 minutes. No pain at all. Even stopped at Coffee bean and Costco on the way home. I do feel I need to make one negative remark in this review I forgot to pick up a bottle of wine at costco!  Oh and yes Dr Fife called me on his way home to see how I was doing. Thank you so much Dr. Fife
5	Can I say a root canal was a good experience?  Yes, I can!  I was so nervous about hit being painful and long....it was neither of those things.  Awesome staff, awesome doctor!
5	Absolutely wonderful. My wife and I were in from Utah when I began having severe tooth pain! Dr. Fife got me in same day to do a root canal. Procedure took 30 min and cost the same amount that was quoted to me back home. If I ever need another root canal I'll be traveling to Vegas to do it with Dr. Fife!!!
