3	This CVS is located in the Promenade Shopping center facing Providence Road.  It is a fairly large store with a big selection of merchandise in the front of the store.  The pharmacy here is fairly large, but my experiences with them have not been good. When I used to get RXs filled here, I found the pharmacy to be understaffed and disorganized. Also, they have limited pharmacy hours as compared to the Ballantyne CVS on Conlan Circle.
5	I love  this CVS. I never have issues parking here, and they always fill my RX quickly and the pharm staff is always very friendly, fast, and efficient.
4	It's a CVS.  Drugs, expensive items that you don't want to make a Target run for, drugs, snacks, drugs.  Parking was easy, the store was clean and well stocked.  I moved recently, away from the CVS located next to the Trader Joe's and greenway on Rea Rd (you can pretty much only go there if it's raining or 8:00 am - otherwise, good luck finding a parking spot and getting out of the lot alive), and thought I could just get my prescription refilled at this CVS at Promenade on Providence, which is now closer to home and actually has sufficient parking as to not have to go all Thunderdome on some midget in a Suburban that can't see over the steering wheel.  I was incorrect - while the website convinced me that it would be ready for pickup the next day, it was not.  But the young lady working in the pharmacy did a few quick keystrokes on her computer and said it would be ready in about 10 minutes.  As a side note, I did not wait for the script to be done and told her since I live close by I would just come by and get it the next day, no rush, no big - it isn't a drug I required that day, so no need to holdup folks who actually are in dire need of their pills.  And I left my stinkin' debit card on the counter (dingbat, I would lose my head...).  Anywho, I got a phone call a couple of hours later that my card had been left at the register, was found by another shopper and would be waiting for me when I came to get my drugs.  Honest shoppers, honest coworkers - very much appreciated!
5	Located in the Promenade off Providence Road, this CVS is a great location. They have a drive through Pharmacy and the staff is excellent, especially the pharmacist Holly. She helped me get my prescription written in the correct way to be covered by my insurance and get the lowest possible price. Working with her has saved me money.
