4	This lounge was surprisingly empty at 12:00am when we got there, so seating and service was good. The decor is different, sort of a hipster-hippie vibe that was fun. I'm told they play Beatles music but I didn't hear any while we were there, instead we were treated to a few mash-ups that were well done, but felt a little preplanned... Anyway, this was a fun way to start the night. Recommended.
4	First impression: the bartenders are wearing shirts that feature their boobs... damn these drinks will be expensive.  And they were.  But that's Vegas for you.Everything else about this place was great though.  Pink beanbags, trippy images spinning on the walls, white leather banquets, sparkly things hanging, fully loaded bathrooms (hairspray, cigarettes, chap stick - anything you could possibly want), and good music (Beatles all the time in the front bar, the back has different sounds depending on the night).  Fine I'll say it - go for the tables.When you head to the back there are a few (9 or 10) tables that will entertain you for hours.  Draw on them, play with overhead cameras that have images that will follow you, have your messages appear on the walls.  It kept us laughing and occupied for ages.It never really got crowded here and ending up being a great place to hang out for a while.  Seriously, most entertaining lounge I've been in for a long time.
5	I don't like to hand out five stars unless it's warranted, but this place gets five stars.  Let me explain:You cross a room that cost something like thirteen million dollars with great service and a cool crowd, and you're going to have a winner.  Yes, I said thirteen million dollars - which paid for a room that looks like a nightclub crossed with the Playboy mansion on LSD (bonus points for a great set of bathrooms).  Service at the bar is fast, efficient, and capable of dishing up some innovative drinks I haven't seen elsewhere on my travels.  My only concern going into Revolution was that they'd only play Beatles music (I like the Beatles, but they're not club music, and I can only stand about 15 minutes of their music at a time), so it was a relief to hear a strong blend of house music, top 40 and remixes that got the crowd going.   As far as the scene goes, it gets crowded with your run-of-the-mill good looking people (both famous and "regular"), but never bad crowded (i.e. you can't move or get to the bar).  And if you'd rather throw down for a table than walk to the bar, be sure to ask for one of the interactive tables - they're a sight to behold.If I were planning a night out in the Mirage, I'd tell you to hit Stack for dinner, then come here for some drinks at 10:30ish before you finish at Jet.By the way, they have a bar out in front of the lounge that's open nearly 24-hours.  Can you say 'late night drinks'?
4	So yea All you need is Love. This lounge reminds you that. When you walk in the colors are representive of the 60's acid trip during the vietnam war of fun forest and fantasy all rolled into one. Basically for those who don't understand. Go to wal mart, buy the 128 color box of crayons....Eat them and crap them out. Then you will understand the medley of colors. The drinks are good. There are a couple bartender's there that are friends of mine. One is a student. One I got her to take her skirt off for me...The tables are interactive. The projections move...It's pretty bad ass. Yea so there's a lot of Beatles music. Which is ok....Overall - great new lounge - knocking a star for expensive drinks.
4	I was very impressed with Revolution. Well, back that up, I was impressed with the ad, which read, "Revolution," then had the "evol" part of it highlighted, which, duh, is "love" backwards. Pretty clever, I thought. But, yes, I was impressed with the club. See, I love the Beatles, but I was a little worried that it would be creepy, technicolor, Srgt. Pepper Beatles, not the hip, swanky groovey lounge that it actually is.The night I was there, it was for a private Cirque party, so the joint was bumping with some really nice electronic beats. The cocktail servers are cute in their little tie-dyed minidresses, and very friendly. Seem to enjoy what they're doing.  That really has such an impact on your evening, when you're being taken care of someone who's having fun themselves.I love this place. I can't wait to go back. Of course, the drink prices are at typical, sky-high, Vegas club levels, but it is what it is. You don't get what you pay for, because a vodka/cran in a bucket is the same wherever you go (unless you're friends with somebody), but if you want to party it up Vegas-style, you'd better be prepared to go broke.
5	Great place, loved the music & the light show. It was nice to party at a place that had tables & chairs. Dancers were great too!
3	Being a huge Beatle fan I must say this place had really nothing to do with the Beatles except for a few of the projections behind the bar. The cute vegas-y waitresses in gogo boots and micro-mini dresses were kitschy but I doubt they ever listened to a Beatle record. The lounge was retro cool stylie but the "interactive" aspect so heavily advertised only came down to a few select boothes that have light-box tables you can touch/fingerpaint on that supposedly project onto the wall. I didn't see anyone doing that. There is dancing and loud blaring hip-hop/house music.  A martini and an ameretto on the rocks was $23!! Damn I could've played quarter slots all night with free watered-down drinks for that $!! If I designed the lounge it would have had sunken booths (like the Beatles' apartment in Help!) so people could look up the skirts of dancing fools, Beatle music playing mixed with house music, gogo cages, and a big hookah!
3	I don't have much to say because I really just popped in here from the casino floor for a glass of wine...which cost $13. Ugh. If you want the swank atmosphere, I suppose it's ok, but if you want cheaper drinks you can find them elsewhere.
4	Really cool concept, good drinks, fun staff. Great place to pregame... should get there at peak hours though because as the party dies down this place is pretty depressing.
5	Coolest ultra lounge ever.  Well, to be honest, I've never been to an ultra lounge, but this most certainly fit the description.  Sleek white couches and tables everywhere, and a psychadelic bar to go along with it.  A friendly bouncer, cute bartenders, $9 drinks (not bad considering what I paid at other places), oldies music....a wonderful compliment to the Beatles Cirque show.
5	Love iT!This is so chill!  If  you want to have a good time and dance or just listen to good music!  Great DJ, drinks are great, some waiter service, seating is also available.  You can at least put down your purse or sweater. Atmosphere is so cool and colorful, people are friendly and like to dance, participate. Everyone is there to have a good time! FUN! 5 very enthusiastic thumbs up!
4	Not a bad ultralounge.  Drinks are the usual prices as any other club.  Everybody looks like they're having a good time in there.  It does get a bit hot in there after a while, but that usually happens anywhere.  The DJ doesn't always have the best transitions.  However, the place is set up pretty nicely for a small venue.  It's very relaxed, but also a place where plenty of people dance.
4	My friend and I wandered over here around 4 am when our men decided they wanted to gamble.  It was ok, kind of a sensory overload but otherwise a cool place to chill.  We met a few lovely Frenchmen who bought us some drinks which was nice, even though I normally don't like having men buy me drinks.  (I'm married, it creeps me out.)  But those accents were so darn cute, how could I resist?  There is space to move and its definitely more relaxed than most of the other clubs in Vegas.  It is a good escape when you still want to party but some of the people you're with are ready to gamble.
4	This place has a potential for five stars - but I must wait until I see it in full-swing on a Friday or Saturday. I went on Monday night and I absolutely loved this place. This may be the most chill, most relaxed, most interesting "ultra lounge" Vegas has coughed up in several years.Everyone there was relaxed and seemed like they were having a genuinely good time. Not very crowded, some were dancing with their friends, others simply hangin out at the side tables which had some strange "finger light drawing feature" I have a hard time even attempting to explain. There's definitely some psychadelic value here with those and with the moving projections behind the bar. Very awesome. Prices were Vegas Club Muted at $6 for a bottle of Corona. I should note this place has very little to do the Beatles. I think I heard Paul's voice in the backround dregging through some Notorious BIG but I couldn't quite be sure. Maybe it was wishful thinking.However, despite that glaring fact, somehow...this place got it right anyways...
4	FAQQ: Is there a cover?A: We went on a Saturday night and there was a cover. $20 for the lads. Covers suck. And it turns out I missed the All-Beatles All-The-Time portion of the night. The rest of the music was really good. Enough space to lounge. Enough space to dance. Even on a holiday weekend (Memorial Day weekend). I can't complain about a 8 or 9 dollar captain 'n' cola.Q: Don't you have a video of this place from the inside?A: Oh! I'm glad you asked. Here's the YouTube link: http://youtube.com/watch?v=ZBD76fm0FLoQ: Somebody spoke and I fell into a dream.A: Nice work with the Beatles lyric. It IS like a dream in here. Cute go-go dancers with boots and skirts. Cool swirly colors, great music, good times, great oldies. No douche-fucks there to waste my time and make me want to fight.FYI ... I'm pretty obsessed with The Beatles and I loved it.
3	Absolutely beautiful venue, but the music wasn't to my liking. We got on the guest list by hanging out in the Mirage casino during the day. It was cool to watch the visual effects throughout the club, including interactive tables and led displays/projections on the wall. I'd try it again and hope for better music.
4	I've been here 5 times or so and its def a cool place to hang out with friends.  Cover isn't bad and the best part is that people can SIT without shelling out dough for bottle service.  Another big plus is that they have Chimay (my fav beer) always available.
4	Place is definitely original in decor.The whole theme and color scheme alone are enough to kinda give you a different feeling when it comes to an ultra lounge. From the gogo dancers to the waitresses this place is definitely unique.Didn't have too many a-holes or jerks and was fairly reasonable to get in. Definitely not as crazy as some of the other clubs in Vegas, but still have the party environment going on.  Take a look around, I don't think you'll be disappointed.
4	fun lounge to hang in after seeing Cirque du Soleil's Love. the drinks are expensive (as is everything in Vegas), but the vibe is cool in a sort of neo-retro way. gals in go-go skirts and knee-high boots dance atop nearby tables while modern-looking psychedelic images are projected onto the walls. Revolution is chill - not as crazy as other clubs on the strip. the music of the Beatles and Nancy Sinatra plays alongside Thievery Corporation and Bebel Gilberto.
2	It was New Year's Eve and we just finished watching the fireworks out on the Strip.Now we needed a place to drink and celebrate until early in the morning.Since we didn't feel like dropping $200 a person at Jet, we decided to try to this place out.  It wasn't that bad.  Yeah, it was smallish and the music was random at times (sorry DJ dude), but it's was New Year's morning and it seems like every lounge on the strip was trying to be a club, and this place did a good job of doing that.The mass amounts of alcohol also helped.We all had a good time.After reading some of the other reviews about this place, I'll have to come back and appreciate it for the lounge it's suppose to be.Happy New Years Yelpers.
4	This lounge is so much fun! I've been here twice after seeing the LOVE show. There's plenty of room to dance or sit and chat, and the DJ spins good music (not your run-of-the-mill top 40). The go-go dancers are hot and the bartenders are even hotter.
4	Totally unique and very cool place to grab a drink at, which is what we did.  The prices didn't seem to be anything out of the ordinary for Vegas lounge/club drink prices-and the atmosphere is so cool that it's totally worth the ten or twelve bucks you'll pay to sit down and take a look around.  The wall with the title of all of the Beatles' songs right before the entrance to the club area is very cool-as is everything in this place!
4	Whether your a fan of The Beatles or 'not so much', you'll enjoy what Revolution Lounge has to offer. For instance, if you visit on a Monday, that is House of Cirque. It's a party for the cast and crew of local Cirque du Soleil shows. Or if you go on Tuesday, you'll experience Live Revolution, where you'll be able to live to HOT up and coming bands live.There are two very cool features of this club. The first one you can see 25 feet before you even get into the club, that is the 10-foot tall letters that spell out REVOLUTION. These letter are quite the tourist attraction. Sit in the "O", or strike a pose in front of the "R", but please, don't make a spectacle of yourself.The next thing you'll notice, happens if you're lucky enough to get one of the seven VIP tables that allow guest to make colorful designs, write words, or otherwise just be creative using just your fingers and the infrared technology inside the table. If you're even luckier, what you wrote on your table might even get displayed on the column in the center of the lounge. Modesty might be your best choice, hahaha.
4	We went there pre-Live show, and had 2 for 1 drink tickets for this placeNeat looking loungeGood music :)Drinks were still expensive, even at 2 for 1, but the bonus was their well liquors were high end still.  So hooray!Didn't stay too long.  It was a bit crowded and smokey.  But I'd totally go there again, especially since it helped get us super psyched for Love!!
4	No cover, interactive, Beatles music, a cool outer bar to people watch... what more can you ask for?  Bar none, I had an incredible time here. The bouncers and bartenders were friendly, as were the fellow patrons. The lounge itself is cool; a little mellow with a great mix of tunes. Beatles music is on tap, but by no means all that's played. It's a relaxed vibe where Vegas revelers can dance together without feeling awkward.  Looses a star for $13 stoli martinis... ehhhh?????  Otherwise, make a stop!
3	It was free to get in. It had psychadelic decoration. But it was quite empty when we got there (which was around midnight). The tables were also not reserved so we could sit down whenever we wanted or needed to.
4	I have mixed feelings about this joint, but I guess it's more good than bad.  They have bands play here on Tuesday nights, for free, which is rad.  But it's a pain in the ass to get to, seeing as it's inside the Mirage.  No worse than any other casino bar, but still a pain for a local such as myself.  Definitely one of the cooler spots to grab a drink if I have friends on the strip visiting, and the bathrooms are worth going to the club for -- you've gotta see them, they're co-ed!
4	Awesome lounge. I love the decor and the 70's vibe. I didn't have to pay to get in. However, my guy friends had to. I think it depends on the night. One night, the guys didn't have to pay ,but on a different night, they did. I think it's because it was more crowded. There are a lot of seats available and the drinks are decent. The music is a bit loud though. Maybe I'm just getting old. All in all, it's a great lounge and worth the visit.
4	Not what I expected. No beatles music. Place was tiny (compared to other lounges I've seen).BUT awesome retro decor. Bartender in the outside lounge area was super hot and friendly. Music was exactly what I liked. And they let us in for free (probably because they were close to closing and there wasn't much people anyway). I think the cover charge is $10 - in which case I would pay to go again. But anything more, I'd rather sit in the outside lounge area and actually be able to hear what my friends are saying.
4	Came here on a Monday night with Hubby and two new Australian friends that we met on our flight to Vegas. There was no line and, much to our surprise, the place was basically empty.  We did get a great seat, however, and the DJ was pretty good. We stayed for a while and then tried to go over to Jet- upon seeing the line almost out the door of the Mirage, we decided to head back to Revolution.The cover for guys was $10 and girls were free- typically this is the case :). The drinks weren't that expensive. The only downfall of the place is that as the night went on, the crowd really started dancing but the music took a turn for the worst. Can I get a song with a lyric, please?Overall, a really cool lounge that's a great alternative if you don't want to pimp yourself out to get into Jet!
5	OMG!!!! OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!5 STAR, 3 REASONS1. liquor isn't all that expensive, considering you're in vegas that is.2. totally hot girls gogo dancing on the sign right in front of the lounge/bar. tons of eye candy.3. guaranteed leaving with a girl/s or a phone number. the girls there for some reason are really social and willing. it's a good combo for guys, drunk and down on their luck.
4	We came in on Monday night after enjoying The Beatles LOVE by Cirque du Soleil at around midnight and found the place mostly empty. Ok, I know it was the end of the Memorial Day weekend, but the line at Jet practically ended outside this place, so I don't see why it was empty.The atmosphere was nice, the decor well-designed, and it felt like a club on the Strip is supposed to feel. I think the music could have been a tad quieter-- I understand at a club, you wanna dance, but at a lounge, I kinda wanna have a conversation here and there, but it was hard to do that here.Drinks were EXPENSIVE!! I don't usually drink ON the strip, but $6 for a Heineken and $10 for a vodka cranberry seemed steep-- thankfully I had a couple 2-for-1 drink tickets, but after tipping double, it seemed like I was just paying regular prices. My receipt also said the vodka cranberry was Stoli, but I clearly saw the bartender pouring Skyy-- boo!We hung out for a little while, about an hour, but it never got any busier, and after we got told we couldn't sit at a certain seat because there was a reservation (despite there being open benches all over the lounge), we peaced out and headed to the more relaxed atmosphere of Off-Strip joints like South Point.The co-ed bathrooms were a little trippy. I was shocked to see a male attendant, but tried to just go with the flow.We didn't pay a cover, but I probably wouldn't be willing to again. It was a great experienced paired with the LOVE show, but with Jet right across the casino, why would I come back here? It doesn't even compare!
5	Everyone had said that I should hit up Beatles Revolution Lounge. Even though I was totally burnt out, my feet hurt from dancing to trance all night at the wedding (on hardwood floors barefoot), and I could barely open my eyes, I just HAD to check this place out.I am totally happy I did! No issues at the door. Chicks free and dudes were $10 (with pass). The wall at the entrance was SO pretty. It had sayings all along the wall (see pictures), and behind the wall was another wall of writings as well (see pictures). It was so pretty! We get inside, it's all retro, chill, and they are playing good music!!!!!!!!!Good track selection and transition. Go go dancer on the bar knew how to move and had a nice body (and booty). People were nice, chill, and dancing.BEST WASHINGTON APPLE ON THE PLANET. Instead of Midori Liquor the bartender used a syrup that sat on the bottom of my glass with the Crown Royal on top. It was unbelievable!Met a VIP host who was hella cool. It's always good to meet and get to know as many hosts as possible in Vegas so you don't worry about the clubs. (thanks Kozmoe!).Not too huge, not too packed, best drinks ever!, great music, and overall great vibe. Also, no hassle at the entrance and discounts for the dudes! What could have been better than that???????
5	An awesome night out depends on the time, place, people, drink and everything else where the stars line up like my night at Revolution.  I had passed by the giant REVOLUTION letters many times before and I only thought it was the bar up front (actually the Abbey Road Bar).  Having just taken many a fun pic outside the Love Theater on the psychedelic walkway, we were standing outside Revolution deciding what to do next.  The evening was early, probably just after 10pm.  Suit guy comes over to persuade us to come inside for free (3 girls, 2 guys).  One guy thinks it's a scam and we'll have to pony up for bottle service.  Nope, it was all good - we all got in for free and free p.i.n.k. drinks for ladies until midnight.  Later I found out p.i.n.k. is infused with caffeine and guarana.  No wonder the energy never stopped!  Also, I couldn't stop looking at the crazy squid images.  Loved the music too.  We left sometime after 2am with still a decent amount of people left.  Fridays are apparently ! ("chick" Fridays) aka ladies night.
4	When we got sick of Jet's scene we made our way over to Revolution, which we'd gotten free passes for on the way to Jet.  It was maybe around 130-230am sometime and the place still had SOME people but was in NO WAY packed.  It's a small loung but the look is good.  The music was pretty great and the people were all chill.  Drinks were priced as expected...not tooooo much.  There were some plush couches to sit on (not only for bottle service) so that was a nice surprise.  I would definitely visit again.
1	People have paid a Cover Charge here? Kidding right?That is just plain dumb. It's a counter top with 8 stools, and then a smattering of low small square cushioned seats for another 20? It is just a space, not a room.I didn't even hear one Beatles tune piped in.Popped in at 5:30 before dinner and a show here at the Mirage.I guess we made it in under the Cover Charge wire. Just ended up here. Nice visit. Could become crowded easy. I suppose it does too.The waitress was a sweetheart. And it looked like a couple of "Hostesses" were setting up. One didn't fit in somehow...she had pert natural breasts.
5	Really fun!!  All I really ask from a place is good dance-able music, a place to rest my feet once in awhile without paying for bottle service, and room to bust a move.  DONE! Revolution fulfilled the necessities with style.Our group of 5 guys and girls got in free, and girls drank free for a couple hours, care of Pink Vodka's promo night... sweet!  The DJ played good hip hop (old and new), and the small space didn't get too packed.  The whole place is decorated kind of 60's mod, including the go go dancers, and I LOVE the coed bathroom... also nicely styled, and well appointed with everything you might need to freshen up through the night.  I enjoyed this Much Much more than Tao, with their crappy dj and packed non-VIP section... which I also got into free.... but no comparison between that overrated joint and this great little lounge.
2	ERROR ERROR.It appears there is a "Room" (see pics). At 5:30 one would never know as a first time visitor there was more than what I described in the first chapter (entry). Still, a Cover Charge? For what, exactly?I bumped it up one star.People watching for the herd passing by from Hotel to Casino. Or all of the Photo op's people who click away on the Revolution sign, may be an added bonus for some?
4	I liked this little bar.  I enjoyed watching the girls dance in the letter 'O' of 'Revolution' and even more enjoyed the patrons of the casino watching them (esp the old ladies!).  We sat at the bar and the bartender was very cool.  I asked for him to make up fruity mixed drink and he came up with something fast and yummy.  I didn't care much for the hiphop music, but that is my only complaint about the place.
3	Even though we got table service here and enjoyed it, it is definitely not necessary. As a group of five guys on a Saturday night, we figured it would get us in faster (it did) but there was really no need for it since the lounge never got oppressively crowded. Good spot if you feel like an up-tempo place but don't want the hassle of a "major" club. The table service was on the affordable side (for Vegas) with bottles starting at $325 and a 1 bottle minimum. Our host was very helpful both at Revolution and later in the night when he helped get us into Jet. The crowd itself was eclectic and crossed all types from hardcore break dancers to middle aged tourists. The place is on the small side but I guess that's why they call it a lounge, not a club.
3	I don't know how one should feel after going to this place.  It is kind of trippy inside or maybe I was in an altered mind state, not sure but I remember it being trippy.  I also remember them serving my wife a bad drink.  I guess I wouldn't go to this place unless it is before the show is letting people in.
2	I think this place is the real reason that Jude is sad.  I wanted to like it, because I love the Beatles and adore pretty neon lights.BUT - the free promotional drinks that lured my friends and I here were hosted by Pink Vodka - a liquor that, although beautifully bottled, is disgusting and tastes like rubbing alcohol.The drinks weren't pink, but I noticed my toenail polish was when I bent over to throw up the cheap vodka later in the evening.My standards are pretty low, so to NOT meet them really says something.
3	Th reason Revolution gets 3 stars is because it is 50 feet from the hotel elevator and since we were staying at the Mirage.... well you get my meaning. The DJ sucked. Now that I got that out of the way... the place was ok. It has an unusual decor which I liked and the people were very friendly including the hostess Niki. If you are staying at the Mirage and want to get hammered and have a pretty good chance of making it to your room before puking... Revolution is your place!PS The outside bar was open at 5:00am when I rolled by... NICE
3	I've been to this club/lounge more than once.  I would have given it 4 stars, but I'll tell you why I took one away.The reason why I loved revolution in the past was the DJs tended to spin more on the rock, hipster-electro music end of the spectrum with some hip hop and top 40 thrown in.  Well, I was here the other night, and it was all the same music they were spinning at LAX, Rok, Pure, Rain, etc.  I can handle my top 40 stuff, but I would much rather hear my rock-hipster-electro crap, so I was a bit disappointed that this wasn't the case the other night.  Also, I've had pretty good service here before, but I swear, our server disappeared.  We hadn't seen her in over an hour and we wanted to close out and leave but couldn't find her anywhere.
3	I don't get the whole Beatles thing. The bartenders didn't have Beatles haircuts, there wasn't any Beatles decor. That's alright though. This place was a weird mix. There was a lot of seating but not much of a defined dancing area so people were all up in my face. Mixed drink: $12. We got those little passes from a woman right outside, so there was no cover, even for my male friend.
5	When we caught the LOVE Beatles show, we stopped (beforehand) for some drinks. There was a VIP type of line, and we walked right up to the bouncers, showed them our ID's and were quickly let in. In retrospect, I think we walked into the wrong line, but were so fucking cool about it, they let us in. The dance area was dead, so we went right to the bar. Our boy George hooked us up nicely on some drinks, and gave us after show "clubbing" tickets, in case we wanted to get our groove on after LOVE. Perfection.
2	Did not like this place at all. It was small and very empty. Now this could be that it was a tad early in the evening, but we left and went right to the mirage's other club, and it had a lot of people and was a lot more fun (5 minutes after this place).  So, not sure what the story was on that.
3	Excellent Ultra Lounge especially on Wednesday Night for Rocket Wednesday's Industry Night and the GO GO Dancers are amazing. Once you get inside, head towards the bar and ask for Betto. He is one of the best bartenders in Las Vegas and creator of the Flaming Donkey Cart.
4	I love Revolution!  My girls and I were walking on our way to Jet when a promoter approached us and offered free cover and champagne for the whole night.  We figured we could go for another round of drinks, so we tried it out.  I don't know too much about the Beatles, but the whole lounge is plastered with funky colors and their lyrics.  Something different from lots of the other lounges I've been to but I liked it!  As we were getting our first round of champagne, a hostess offered us bottle service on the house!  (I wish I remembered her name, she's tall and blonde...if that helps haha).  They escorted us to the VIP in the middle of the lounge and the drinks kept coming.  They have some of the best VIP service!  Really good music too!  If we didn't have friends waiting for us at Jet, we would have definitely stayed the whole night.
5	The first place we went to as soon as we arrived in Vegas and got all "suited up"...I love this place.. Me and the guys walked in, no admission (cause we're AWESOME) while people paid behind us (cause they were NOT AWESOME). We walk to the bar, ordered four rounds of patron shots for all of us and the night was just Legen...wait for it.. Dary!The lighting, decor and music was just spectacular. Very "loungey" of course...  But it still consisted a decent dance floor... The dance floor was epic, I remember being drunk while the guys were watching this guy pop lockin'.. So they literally throw my drunk ass in the circle telling me to battle this guy...... All I remember was the guy walking away with his posse... (If you are reading this guy, I'm sorry for killing your groove).By the way, I don't recall this place ever playing a Beatles song......
3	Went here on a Thursday night circa 2:30AM. No cover at that time, which was a thumbs up. It's a pretty small venue with okay decor. My biggest problem was that the music was insanely loud. I don't have a problem with loud music, but I was seriously losing my voice talking over it. The ironic part was no one was dancing either... turning the music down some would be a plus for this primarily loungey venue.
1	This joint's got nothing to do with The Beatles or any sort of revolution for that matter.  Bad music.  Tacky bartenders.Stay away.Oooh, but nicely designed matchbooks if that counts for anything.
4	For a lounge, pretty nice. The music was kind of whack, but hey we got in fo free with hella dudes and fo free gets you a star.
5	I went here twice and can I say I had FUN. The interior is awesome. I love the psychedelic theme. The only part is that it was small. The bartenders were awesome. The 2nd time I went I actually went in the VIP area which was great. Its great to hang out with some friends and then off to the next club/lounge. Give it a try
3	This use to be my favorite place, but the last few times I went I wasn't as happy with it. The music use to be more British pop, now it's the west cost music they play at every other club in town. The DJ's use to be more creative and I really enjoyed going there. I can't stand hearing the same music over and over, I think that they need to go back to what they where doing before.
4	Small club but perfect for private events. VIP tables have cool screens to write on and post up on the wall;  VERY COOL!  BEAUTIFUL ambiance, colors and decor very detailed. Lighting a 10+ .  Chairs and benches clean white w/ black tabletops. lots of space to sit and dance. HUGE lounge couch/beds = interesting "shows". Only downfall was no go-go pods; the dancers were on boards that were put on top of the couches?! kinda tacky. Line moved fast, bartenders generous but prices were high. Great location, on point security staff.
1	Did we go on a slow night? The guest elevators were right by this place so we got so many VIP passes that we decided to check it out towards the end of our trip. Seriously, who wants to go to a Beatles club unless they have Beatles impersonators. I want to dance!We thought it was just a strip of visible space behind the floor to ceiling letters but there was actually a dance and bar area inside. Many nights when we passed by it, there were plenty of guys hanging around the outside but not so much when we went.The dance floor was EMPTY and the bar and tables were also empty. Nice decor though. It's a good drop in after or before the Beatles show, I guess.
4	BRIT POP IN VEGAS!Ok so stoked to find a bar/club with music I know! They played the pop crap too but it was mixed in which is good because that means I can bring my musically challenged friends her. Yes I am a music snob, deal!Drinks are pricey but strong so in the end it balances out.People were nice and friendly room to dance room to sit.Maybe if I paid an entrance fee I would feel different but I am all about the music and this play made me happy
2	What the hell? Why do people say the drinks are strong? We got shots, yes SHOTS of vodka and they were watered-down (plus overpriced). I've definitely had better.Plus, the promoter who wanted us to come to the club said there was an open bar. Lies! I don't like people who lie! Or their nightclubsOh, and don't expect the lounge to play Beatles music. The demographic here is all over the place - 20-30yo's plus 50+ (based upon defining characteristics such as hair color and attire). I think most people come here after the Cirque show, as there are people standing outside the show passing out free entrance passes.Bathrooms also use a shared sink that's activated with your foot. Are we at a baseball stadium?
3	On our way to gambling after dinner at Japonais, my two girlfriends and I were given free passes to the Revolution Lounge. We were planning to check out the lounge anyway since earlier in the day we saw them advertising free champagne for ladies 10 pm-midnight. There was no line when we arrived around 10:30 pm, but I have to say that it is a tad confusing how you are supposed to enter because the ropes and signs aren't set up very well.The lounge area in the back was dark (yes there is some color, but it's not overpowering...seriously who wants to go to a well lit lounge?) and swank with plenty of seating. Plenty of open space and clientele that spans the entire age spectrum. Service at the bar was always quick and the free champagne was really good. The only bad thing was that you could only go up and get one glass at a time, but I get why that was the case. Music was good as well and it was never super crowded. Don't know what the drink prices are since we indulged in free champagne and then met some guys who invited us to sit at their table. Fun lounge if you are staying at the Mirage or going to see LOVE.
3	Two years ago, this place was the ish.  It was crowded, full of young and hot 20-30 somethings and as vibrant as a tie-dye shirt.  Flash forward to the future circa early Saturday morning, March 21.  It was 2 o'clock.The majority of us had come from Friday Happy Hour at Blue Martini looking for a place to let the good times continue to roll.  I met up with them and was surprised I didn't pay any cover.  Then again, I don't remember if I paid it two years ago.  I'm sure I did...  Drinks are moderately priced for Vegas at $12.  My Jack & Coke and Fiji water was ten & six bucks respectively.  Bartenders were cool.  The bar itself was wide open.  In fact, the place was dotted with groups of people all throughout.  THAT'S why there was no cover!  The joint was empty.  It was a mixed crowd like a Sgt. Pepper album cover and fortunately, Revolution maintained its fun vibe that I fondly remember from a couple years ago.The dance floor looked so barren though.  I would've blamed it on the DJ who played an eclectic mashup of songs that did NOT jive together.  DJ straight up tried to play hip-hop, top 40, MJ, reggaeton, rock and couldn't find a groovy common ground.  It's possible, you know.  I've heard some DJs successfully find similar beats and tempos to make transitions between songs seamless.  This DJ was far from revolving his "records" successfully because songs would stop for 3 or 4 seconds then the next song would come on.  This happened at least several times throughout the night.  Something slow would play, then something fast.  Really weird.  That killed the dance floor.  The girls were cute too and couldn't sustain it for long.  I too opted to sit on the lounge seats across from the bar to stop myself from dancing and looking like an uncool cat or non-jiving turkey to the tune of, "WTF's goin' on here?!"I say let this be a meeting place before heading out elsewhere.  It was probably happenin' much earlier.This is a savvy place to Come Together and Just Let it Be.  Yeah.  They don't play Beatles songs.
3	Decided to go here one night to grab a few drinks because the outside lounge area looks real nice. We walked in and damn it's like one of the smallest if not the smallest club I'd ever been to. There's like two room but really it's like one small room divided into two smaller room. There's VIP seating on the left and both side in the middle along with the divider. Although it was really small, it was not packed at all. You have room to dance unlike other clubs. I believe there might have been like 100+?Anyways it's a cool place to chill, grab a drink with some friends and groove a bit if you don't want to party with a lot of people or go to places that's super crowded. To me it's just too small and not enough people plus you got to pay cover charge for this place.
2	this place is only getting 2 stars bc:-i was already drunk-met some really cool asians from texas-the dj was alright-my boo got me a double shot of patron.other than that... it was pretty DEAD.since i was drunk getting there.. which hotel was this club at any way?
2	I get that this place is a lounge and not a club but that being said, it's a LOT smaller than I expected. For a small lounge, you'd think it'd be packed. No, it was pretty dead when I went and based on everyone else's reviews, it's pretty dead on more than one occasion. I guess being dead serves us well considering we had a group of 15 with 8 of them being guys. We had no problem getting the guys in but I'm guessing the club figured, better to have guys in the lounge than no people at all. I guess I was expecting a lot considering it's Vegas and everything is always overdone here. I like the REVOLUTION sign that spells LOVE on the other side but honestly other than that, I don't think I'd come back here again.
4	Super cute inside the actual lounge. I heard you can write on the couches and it will show up on the walls. I also loved that there was a special for ladies - free pink vodka! WOO HOO! We danced for about 30 min then headed to another club. It's a great place to get the party started if you can score some free drinks. Don't forget to take pictures out in the front where the REVOLUTION letters are!
4	The bar up front is cute. And before ten you get a discount on drinks. The club inside is small But eh. The tables are the kicker. You can write messages and they get projected onto the wall. Also for those camera junkies underneath the lights of the projection you get the trippiest photos. :) Drinks are like 12 and shots are the same a bottle of beer was like 8. I was pissed at the DJ when i went. He was spinning garbage so no one dancing. When he played top ten shit then the floor was packed. I'm not sure this helps this club but i looked over at one point to see this couple who were about 70 yrs old. I was shocked but deep down i was like yeah i wanna be 70 and hip or... anyway. It was an older crowd that night :(
3	I went to this spot for my boys birthday party and it was OK, we were there on a Saturday night and the place was fairly packed. I really don't like the set up, there is a elevated dance floor, that is extremely small. The drinks here were super expensive, but entrance to the club was free, not sure if this is a regular thing or we got in free because we had a big group. If I was back in Vegas I could do without this spot, but if its free the then its for me!
2	We didn't have to pay cover because a promoter got us in but if we did, definitely not worth it. It was a Friday night, pretty late, and pretty dead. Went in, grabbed a few drinks, people watched, then left to look for something with a bit more excitement. It's a cool place to grab some drinks, possibly do some dancing, and mingle but I wouldn't spend my entire night here. There's really not much else to say about this place. I didn't hate it but I'm not a fan either.
1	A diet coke at the bar cost $6! Even at Vegas prices, a normal 20 oz. Diet coke only costs $3. I expect to pay high prices for alcoholic drinks, but not for soda. Crazy!
3	I think the Revolution Lounge is an OK place to start a night if you are staying at the Mirage or are going to JET later in the night. When we arrived at the Mirage, we were immediately given free passes to Revolution Lounge. Plus with free champagne until midnight for ladies, how could we turn that down?Getting in was a breeze and for around 10 pm when we arrived, it already had a good crowd. Definitely more women than men though due to the free champagne. Service at the bar was quick and servers were walking around with free shots which my group definitely indulged in.Stop by if you are at the Mirage, but don't feel like you have to make a special trip to check this place out.
4	We were hooked up to go here through my casino host at Harrah's, we were sent to meet with Charles who works for the club VIP.We got there at like 11, didn't have to wait at all and got right in. The club is decked out just like the Beatles and that era which is great! It wasn't at any time OVER crowded which sucks about most places because then you can barely walk without spilling your drink, and forget about getting on the dance floor. This place was great, NOT TO MENTION they offer from 10-12 ladies drink free!!!!!!!!! So of course as a group of ladies we loved it. We had so much fun dancing to the different variaties of music from older stuff put to a new tempo to todays music. One thing I didn't like was once the free drinks were over I went to ask for water, and most clubs don't even charge you and they wanted to charge $12 for 2 Fiji Waters. But that definitely didn't hinder our night, we danced the night away, made friends and loved the atmosphere. I will definitely go there again FOR SURE!
2	You would have to be a sucker if you actually paid to get in this place and should rethink your being in Vegas where suckers get buried.  The room totally has the aura of just being just a sectioned off area of a large cavernous room.  You should not have to pay to get in here and most probably do not.  There are free passes galore because I think people will not pay for it.  Anyone that goes to LOVE the show get free passes and 2 for 1 drink coupons.  That's a laugh as the drinks are $12-$15 minimum.  Again without a coupon, if you spend $30 for two drinks...idot!
2	awesome:-no cover for ladies (and easy to negotiate for the gents, too)-not too crowded for dancing or lounging-the hot bartenders in their 2-bra-and-corset getupsnot so awesome:-sticky floor-old music (as in a kitchen-sink mix of 90s one-hit-wonders)-$15 drinks-the jerk who kneed me with his cowboy boot... ive got a picture of you. watch out, i know who you are!
3	This is a great place for a quick drink and some people watching before seeing the Love show.  It puts you in the mood.  The location is inside of The Mirage.  I don't know if I would come here unless I had show tickets but I enjoyed it nonetheless.  It is a bit pricey, but what bar inside of a casino isn't, unless you are gambling.  Go for one drink.
4	Still loud, still free, still good to go after you're tired of whatever club you just came from.
2	Revolution lounge is located inside the Mirage hotel.. there are people outside the lounge passing out VIP admission passes so there's no cover fee to get in... for the ladies free champagne Saturday before 12.. The music is pretty old school... & if you're 35 and above this might be the place to chill... me and my friend in our 20's didn't enjoy much while we were there cause everyone seems so old...
4	FAVORITE PLACE IN VEGAS!I am not into scantily clad women and gross dudes breathing down my neck so this lounge is the place for me. Dark, Great Music, fun tables, an abundance of staff and in a great location. It is free to get in but the drinks cost a bit more, and it gets pretty full when the show lets out, but if you can hold off a bit the lounge is a great place to be with friends and enjoy the evening.
4	It was in my hotel so it made it convenient.  It's a chic lounge outside of the Beattle's Revolution Club.  It's not bad since it's a great place to hang out to enjoy a drink, hang out and listen to great music.  If you want to go into the club it is $20 before midnight or $10 after.  If you stay at the Mirage you can get in for free before Midnight.  It's a decent place to just enjoy great drinks, music and just chill.  Try it out, you might be pleasantly surprise.
1	When I think Beatles I do NOT think ACDC mixed with Snoop Dogg.  We went for a weekend full of celebration.  We were celebrating an anniversary, my wife's birthday and another birthday.  The idea was to have a relatively relaxing Friday night in a lounge that played some decent music.What we got was a bunch of skanky girls girnding and grooving to absolutely terrible mixes of the most obscure music.  If we didn't like a song it was alright though because we only got a 30 second clip before the DJ switched to something from a completely different genre.Drinks, it's Vegas and we're not playing cards or wasting away the money at slots so of course drinks will be pricey BUT come the f%#k on, $30 for a vodka redbull and one of those little miniature bottles of water.  Really?! ARE YOU SERIOUS REVOLUTION?!!We actually planned to pay to get in to this place, the best thing that happened was the free "VIP Pass" the guy at the front door chased us down to give us.The yellow submarine was pretty sweet but the rest was just a jumbled f%#ked mess.
4	A lounge in Vegas dedicated to the psychedelic music of the Beatles? No thanks. Free vodka drinks for ladies 10-12am. Uh...sure!! I'm Chinese, I can't turn down free!!Don't get me wrong I'm no Beatles hater, but having to listen to 'Yellow Submarine' and 'I Wanna Hold Your Hand' sounded like less than party-hyphy-fun on a Friday night on my sister's Bachelorette weekend in Vegas. But boy, was I wrong!The front of the lounge accommodated a mini "pre"-lounge complete with a full bar and humongous neon pink letters spelling 'Revolution' in which you could actually sit in, I nested on the 'o'. Very comfy. I was actually not aware of the real lounge till about 20 minutes after I arrived. When people started sifting in and out of a doorway to the left of the bar I started to think the party existed in there. I was right...so the rest of the dopey Bachelorette party I was with trudged through the doorway to discover a way bigger lounge with a way bigger full bar, a dance floor and a DJ.When we got there at 10:30, the joint was not crowded, but it was packed by 11pm. The walls projected images of walking, silhouetted hands with faces traipsing about the club amongst cartoon flowers and trippy, spinning swirls. Go-go dancers in skin baring ultra-minis and bikini tops danced on the table and bar tops. The music was very good; mixing in a huge serving of modern hits, several tablespoons of  Michael Jackson, a shot of Soft Cell (...tainted love...), a wisp of Journey and half a dash of Beatles songs. The drinks were a bit weak and smiley cocktail waitresses kept hocking these sugary-sweet lemon drop shots that were pretty worthless with alcohol content - but they were free so my gratitude keeps me from griping too much. All in all, I loved the diverse, laid back crowd and the hybrid club-lounge vibe.The next time I'm Vegas, even if they're not offering free drinks, I'm there...because this place is groovy, baby! (Trite, I know, but I couldn't help myself.)
4	We hit this after seeing Love, like so many that entered.  I understand there's a cover later, but after the first show, there wasn't one, so we wandered on in.  Drinks are pricey ($8 per beer, more for mixed drinks), but tasty, and the environment alone is worth the visit.All that, and the music was great. :)  Do visit it early if you want to avoid the cover.  If you want it more lively, either come back and pay or just stick around.
3	I liked the look of the place a lot and the bar wasn't too crowded so I never had any problems getting a drink but the DJ's were awful and the floor was the stickiest I've ever experienced.  Not a bad place to start a night but I wouldn't end it there.
4	Revolution is certainly a good choice if you're just getting in to Vegas around midnight, finally get out on the strip by 1:30am and you're trying to go dancing with a co-ed group without having to spend $50+ on cover each and having to battle hour long lines. I saw several promoters on every edge of the casino generously giving out cards for free entry (female or male) all night.Though this a lounge, I found the dancefloor spacious and the bar was very accessible. Space to dance, some cushioned tables you could chill at without paying for bottle service and the tables that do have bottle service have touch screens with psychedelic designs and animations you could play with for hours. The music was generic top 40 mashups and the drinks, well it's Vegas, so nothing far from the norm.Besides the retro/mod decor, there was nothing else that screamed "Beatles". Worth a visit if you're looking for somewhere to just go, dance and drink in a jam.
4	An excellent lounge for those who want to go out and drink for the night, but not exactly club.  The decor is typical vegas, seats are comfy, although very limited.  Music is bumping because you kind of feed off the club next door. You could dance if you wanted to.  Drink prices are Vegas standard, expensive as hell but not quite as bad as the clubs.  Anyway IMO great lounge, especially for those staying at the Mirage or near it.~G
5	Great music, great people, awesome bartender, drink is very reasonable price
4	Didn't hit it this time, but I've always loved this place.  Wild psychedelic decor and interactive tables.  An excellent choice for fun times without those crazy long lines or astronomically priced bottle service.  Great music, nice friendly crowd, no pretense.Awesome club to hit when you're hitting the strip and don't want to lose momentum.  Lines aren't too bad here and located in the Mirage, so it's easy to hop to the next place.  Check it out.
4	I got here around 1 am after escaping the dull times at gay latin night at the Piranha in the Fruit Loop. It was the aftermath dregs of the Lady Gaga album release party (where they passed out posters and FREE CDs, crie for missing out on that), but it was still a lot of fun. Danced with random girls dressed like Lady Gaga (apparently anyone who made the attempt got free drinks all night). No cover that night. Drinks seemed pricey, but hey, it's Vegas. Music was great for the first hour I was there, and then by 3-4 am, it lapsed into closing time music, which was fine since we really should have been on our way home anyway. Tip: The size of the place is much bigger than you'd think. Not only me, but other people I know thought the whole bar was contained within the outside bar area. When you first get there, it's easy to think the whole bar is the area covered by the REVOLUTION letters that make up the outside area. There's actually an entrance tucked into the left that gets you into the actual club space.
5	I had my best nights here....probably because my elevator was only seconds from there to get up to my room, so that could alter my opinion, but in all honesty, the type of crowd that was here was soooo much more of a mix that I fell in love with it.  Plus it's got the Beatles theme and WHO can go wrong with that?  Drinks were expensive, but then again who doesn't throw down while in Vegas on drinks?  That's one of the main reasons to go over there.  Good mix of music, they even blended in C.R.E.A.M (by WuTang) towards the end of the night.....now when you mix Lady GaGa and Wu-Tang together and make it sound like they belong together, then you have a talent my friend.  SHOTS FOR EVERYONE!!!
3	Well....They played only Beatles music so that is an A+ and if you are going to the LOVE show they give you 2 for 1 drink tickets.  They could use a little more seating and I once again seemed to be the only person there under 50 besides the bartenders in hot corsets.  Man, they do some amazing things with outfits and boobs in Vegas.  It's a little cheesy but a decent place to lounge before the show.
4	We were walking through the Mirage, and we were stopped by a stunningly beautiful woman who handed my brother and I passes to Revolution. We were all about it! We walked in past the first bar, and went inside. It feels like a retro sixties lounge, complete with crazy lights, plush sofas, and shear drapery. The music was good, a mix of Top 40 and some oldies. To my dismay, they only played a half of a Beatles song before it was mashed up with some other random song. Not sure if we came here on an off night or what, but the place was definitely not packed. There were only maybe 50 people in here, but it was cool for a drink and then we decided to leave. I'll be checking out Revolution again in the future, hopefully it's a bit more exciting the second time around.
4	This place was surprisingly really really fun!  I went to Vegas on yet another holiday 3 day weekend and it was an arm and a leg at every major club.  We didn't want to pay cover and pay in line.  We weren't digging house music so we were walking around and saw a HUGE sign that said REVOLUTION... the music was loud and it sounded good.. so we walked over there. It was completely free and we even got drink tickets.  There was also a red carpet area where we had fun taking pictures.Its definitely something for maybe an older crowd because its not a HUGE club but its chill because there is a nice bar in the front and in the back of the lounge there is this dance floor area where you can dance to trendy music or lounge around. I had a great time.
4	We had seen this place while wandering through the Mirage and thought it looked pretty awesome. We were pretty pumped to find out we could hang out there before the Beatles LOVE show with 2-for-1 drink tickets. We rolled in an hour or so before the show and were herded to the back room which I didn't even know existed the first time we strolled through. It was pretty awesome, if not lacking in some seating. Very dark, very cool colored lights everywhere, played only Beatles music of course for the crowd waiting for LOVE. Sweet touch screen top tables to play with, and waitresses dressed like go-go dancers. It felt very chic to be back there. And also we got 2 ridiculously strong well drinks for 10 bucks.
3	Yeah, you're on the strip in Vegas. You need a cool place to hang out. Something that's a little pretentious, but not too over-the-top. The Revolution Lounge is YOUR spot.You flash your ID to prove you are 21 (I like to be humored by being carded. I'm THAT old now, apparently). Once you walk in, you feel that the world has transformed around you into a candyland of magical awesome. Does that last sentence make any sense? Who cares? The world you now stand in, features colors, lights, swirly graphics on tables. Touch sensitive graphics on said tables, and a mean rum and diet. The kind of rum and diet that makes those touch sensitive graphics a little more amazing, which seems impossible, even when you are sober.The seating is your usual lounge style, but you can really sink into the booths. Bring a date. It's easy to get cozy here. You know the feeling. Oooh Yeah. It's Vegas. Enjoy it. And if you see me here with a special lady, please remember...I chose this lounge for a reason.
3	We had a 2-for-one pass for drinks here.. Pair that with the name "Revolution"'s sentimental value to the boy and me, we decided to wander into this convenient location, just across our hotel. My lycheetini was alright - strong and sweet. The place is small and well decorated with striking colors that pave the way for a very chic ambiance.. The crowd, however, reminded me of a bunch of corporate lawyers and Wall Street senior execs sitting around sipping pretty cocktails as they wait for the few women around to get more and more drunk..With so many options in Vegas, I doubt we'll be back anytime soon.
1	So my friend and I had just left JET which was pretty awesome and we decided to check out The Beatles Revolution Lounge. We heard good things and we love The Beatles so we had to check it out.The Beatles would be greatly dissapointed. We got in for free and there was no line but now I know why. Pretty much anyone who didn't get into JET or didn't want to wait in line went into the Revolution Lounge. There was barely anyone in there and the people who were in there were GROSS. We sat in an area that wasn't reserved (no one was in the club anyway) and some drunk ghetto chicks started giving us a hard time...trying to "keep it real". Everyone in there was dressed terrible and pretty gross.The music sucked and we didn't stay long enough to even get a drink. We left after 10 or 15 minutes.It's a real shame because the place had a cool atmosphere and look to it. It just didn't have the right crowd to make this place bumpin'. My advice...Go to JET instead.
4	We came here after leaving Jet (which was godawful: see review) and were pleasantly surprised. The place is small but didn't feel crowded. The decor is trippy, the service was great, and the drinks are reasonably priced for Vegas. The DJ was meh (he was playing old school hip hop which was fantastic but he kept cutting the songs too soon) but the crowd was good and the vibe was choice.
1	While wandering the Strip my friend and I were looking for a place to grab a drink.  This place seemed like a good choice as we were coming up on it, as there were gogo dancers and music playing.  Sadly that was not the case.  I ordered myself a Colorado Bulldog and my friend got a Cranberry Vodka.  Well...my drink tasted pretty close to chocolate milk and my friend's drink tasted like watered down cranberry juice.I already expect to pay around $10 a drink on the Strip, but I also expect it to have alcohol in it.  The "bartender" was also obviously disinterested in both his job and the customers, looking annoyed every time someone talked to him.I know I'll never come back here based on my experience.  Even if I'm with friends that want to check this place out, I will tell them that I will wait at another casino bar till they are done being thoroughly disappointed with the drinks and bartender's attitude.
5	This Club is great.  I went on a Sunday night and had the best time.  I love there sound system and their visuals.  The DJ started off really good with some great house music but then got a little lost with to much of a variety.  They had drink specials which is a plus and it attracts a very nice crowd.  I highly recommend this club.
3	To Robert P (below me)How could you have possible went here on a Sunday night and have fun?  We walked in 2 sundays ago and it was gay night.  Im just sayin...
3	Free! If you walk through the casino, girls are passing out ladies comp passes. Around the entrance to the lounge, there are guys dressed in suits with VIP passes for the men. Free drinks till midnight for the ladies. Watered down of course but free is good! At first we thought it was just the front bar area but there is a whole inner club just waiting to be discovered. The inside: Kick ass walls. I love love love the video projections behind the bar. Sweet decor. So so music. So so crowd.  I'm a little bummed that this place isn't really Beatles themed in decor or music. A Beatles mashup would have been really cool. The only real reference were the girls' costumes with the tie dye and the cute little British flags.
3	After leaving the crap-shack of a nightclub JET, I found this place while trying to find an unassuming casino bar. Instead, my eye was caught by neon lights and the smiles of pretty attractive ladies. I then walked in, doorguys where strangely polite and the place was FREE. While inside it began to lose some stars. First, the place was full of working girls! I mean it was fight weekend so this may not be an everynight occurance, but if i wanted to be propositioned all night, I'd go to Pahrump. In addition to that, the lady bar-tender was kinda pissy. i handed her an open ended comp card from the casino and it she tried to explain to me what that meant by not serving me anything. After telling her her tip will more than likely be higher since im not paying she perked up. still that was lame. All and all this place has an older crowd and is very low-key. Its a-ok if youre not seeking the "super vegas" nightclub experience. I'll probably be back.
4	We stopped by here on the last day of our Vegas trip. It was just too cute not to. It was pink-tastic! Okay so maybe a 5 for decor and a 3 for the rest but I loved the pinkness!We sat at the bar and ordered two specialty drinks the Strawberry Fields (my favorite) and the Day Tripper. Both came with a complimentary Beatles Martini glass and rocked (pun intended), this is also the first time I got something other than a drink for $12. The service was alright but the ambiance was perfect. I wish I knew this place had a club in the back earlier, we would totally have stopped by. Oh well maybe next time.
4	Decent enough place after seeing Love.  When you get your love tickets you get a buy 1 get 1 free drink coupon after the show.  So we had about an hour and a half after Love before O (yes we did 2 Cirque shows in one night) and came in.  The scene was odd because all of the people were from the show and probably wouldn't have come into a lounge to begin with.  Well drinks were fine.  Beatles music played constantly so you love it after show.  Probably hate it if you work there.  The tables react to warm and cold items being set on them and there's psychedelic stuff going on all over the walls.Pretty groovy.  Pretty kitschy.  Great for Beatles lovers!
4	Were trying to get into JET nightclub,cause my friends were insistent that it was the shit...Well, after an 1hr and 45 min, wait, i told my friends, f* this, and we took off...We had tix to get in for free, but only till 12pm, and it was 1145pm.. They hadnt let anyone in, and werent going to, so we all left.Ended up finding this little FREE gem. Its looks like a little lounge from the outside, but on the inside, its an actual little club with go go dancers and everything. Majority of the music play was hip hop, which was ok.  Drinks were steep at $7 a beer, and $15 on mixed drinks.Ambiance was actually kinda nice, not overly packed.  For free, i say two thumbs up. Majority of people there, which was the downfall, was couples.  No big groups of single girls.. At least from my hour observation of the place.  Oh, and you have to check out the bathrooms. Kinda cool how they have it setup. Thats all ill tell ya.
2	Went there on a Friday night before seeing Love for a second time.  The only thing that prevents me from giving this one star is the lounge itself is pretty cool inside.  We went to the back of the lounge and that's were I experienced some of worst service of my life.Obviously the bar was crowded.  There were two bartenders working.  They were hustling to get drinks out, the problem was they did a very poor job of managing the line with regard to who they were serving.  Several people went up to the bar and got in line long after me, and were served.  I didn't want to be rude as they were busy, but come on!I blame most of this on management for not fulling staffing the bar before a show.  I can honestly say I will never go back and will be sure to pass on my drinking, or lack there of, experience there.
2	Hit this spot up before LOVE and well.. it was dead and the drinks were way over priced, even for the non-gambling part of Vegas. Which you should always expect to pay something huge for a drink on the strip when not pissing your money away.Even with a 2 for 1 drink coupon, the drinks came out to be pretty pricey compared to the Love concession stand, where you would get double the booze for half the price. The atmosphere was pretty neat. Screens in the back of the bar with beatles themed graphics flying by and the whole area sitting had a very LSD induced feeling to it. Probably would have been really amazing or really terrifying if I was on LSD. But again, if I'm playing at the slots I would get this beer for pennies on the dollar. So when I'm paying 10 times that at a bar for the same thing I'm completely not in for that. Left about 10 minutes later and didn't look back. Also, it's quick to mistake the front of the bar for it, but there's a very dark tunnel that leads you to the inside. Can't say the inside gets any better in terms of service or anything like that.. but if you're a beatles fan, You'll at least get a kick out of it. But seriously, save your dough and just pick up drinks before the show at the concession stand over there. They seem to have the same Beatles signature drinks for half the price and double the quantity.
4	I love this Lounge. People are always on the Dance Floor the beats are good. The Drinks are what you would expect. Ive always had a blast at this club and left drunk off my ass the way it should be. I didnt give it 5 stars because the drinks are pricey, and sometimes it takes a while to get the Bartenders attention.
3	Theme is cool, but I was there on a Thursday at 10pm and practically NO ONE was in there except for my group and 2 couples.  Still, that didn't deter from the bartender leaving me hanging like an a**hole as I'm trying to get a drink.The service aside, I loved the decor.
3	We went on a Saturday night at about 1 a.m. and there was no line going in. I was surprised by how big it was (because it looks tiny). There was a good amount of people there. The music was all hip hop, which was slightly disappointing since you would expect there to be a mix (you know, being the Beatles Lounge and all). I preferred this over JET (another club in Mirage) by far.
4	I only had a drink at the outside part of this bar, prior to seeing Love, but it has a very hip and colorful decor.  It is a nice place to take a break.  The drinks are pretty pricey, but this is Vegas.  I got a frozen pina colada, and my friend had a frozen margarita.  Both were really good.  There is a special where you get a free Love martini glass if you order one of the four special mixed drinks for $15...  not a bad deal, considering our two drinks were both around $12.  My only wish is that Vegas would get with it and make the casinos and bars non-smoking.  As my friend put it, drinking, smoking, and gambling seem to be all combined in the heads of the owners/management of the hotels.  I believe that such beautiful hotels and all the amazing spaces within are ruined by the smoke.
4	You say you want a Rev-voluuuution, well you know.... we all want to change the world.From time to time I get the opening line of that song playing through my head complete with the baseline. I had a drink here after seeing LOVE for the first time at the Mirage. I really dug the 60's atmosphere. It was a nice place to chill out and chat. The decor was very fun, especially the entrance of the club, which had large letters spelling out REVOLUTION along the front seating area. I ordered a sidecar, which I think is a pretty straight forward drink. It consists of:3/4 ounce Cointreau3/4 ounce lemon juice1 1/2 ounces cognacShake well with cracked ice, then strain into a chilled cocktail glass that has had its outside rim rubbed with lemon juice and dipped in sugar.Read more: http://www.esquire.com/drinks/sidecar-drink-recipe#ixzz0zB3y1g7lFor some very odd reason, the clubs in Vegas don't carry Cointreau or good cognac, so the drink wasn't as good as it could have been. It was sweeter than I would have preferred. One star deducted from the total. If I was at the Mirage again, I would be into going back to the Revolution Lounge.
1	Rude staff.  Stopped in after seeing Love again.  Sat in the nearly empty bar for about 15 minutes waiting for service that never arrived.  Guess we weren't young enough.  Will not be returning or taking any visitors here.
2	This is a hotel lounge that tries to be a little more than that. There a few too many bright colors and the musics a bit too loud. Drinks are too expensive, but its open late and you don't have to wait in some ridiculous line to get in. Go here after you're tired of wherever you've already been or to get ready for wherever you're going.
2	We stopped in here for a quick drink after the Terry Fator show.  We just went in the lounge area, not the club.   $50.00 for 3 drinks is ridiculous and not worth it.  The neon lights weren't great, and the music was ok.  The night club area was better.  Good music and we kept dancing all night.  We got a complimentary bottle of champagne because it was after our wedding, and they gave us a nice seat in the corner.  The waitress tried to pressure us into buying $450 bottles of champagne, which wasn't a nice touch.  Way overpriced, but then again, this is Vegas, and this is what they do.   When we told her we just wanted to buy regular drinks not not spend almost $1k on a few bottles of champagne for everyone, she looked at us like we had two heads and avoided our corner all night, and gave us dirty looks like we shouldn't be seated where we were.   We ended up having a good time anyway, and bought our own drinks at the bar.   Not good business considered we spent tons of money at the hotel for the entire family spending 5 days at the Mirage, plus gambling, plus had the reception at the Mirage.  We should have been treated like royalty here, not peasants and pressured into charging us $450 for $10 bottles of champagne because they gave us a seat at the club.
3	This Beatles themed bar is a little too slick to pull off The Fab Four's "All You Need Is Love" message. While the specialty cocktails, named after deep cuts from the band's catalog, are pleasing and unique and whimisicle Beatle quotes line the walls, the place doesn't quite pull off the 60s atmosphere it attempts. It's a nice spot to grab a drink after you check out the Cirque Du Soleil Beatle-centric show "Love," (for my money, one of the best shows in town, right up there with Penn and Teller), but it's not worth waiting in long lines on Friday and Saturday nights to get in. A little too slick and commercial... John Lennon would be ashamed, while Paul continues to cash the checks, no doubt.
4	Free admission for ladies. $10 for men (if you're a guest of the hotel)a nice quaint lounge with good music and plenty of room to dance. if you're a guest at the Mirage, i suggest you get your group of friends to go here and just have a good time.. no need to wait in line and fight the crowd for the dance floor.
4	Came here every night I stayed in vega$ lol my friend is a HUGE Beatles fan and wanted to make sure she got her fix!!Saturday is ladies night meaning....FREE VODKA BAR and fellas unless you have a cool chick who talk to the people at the door like a g then your asses better cough up some doughAnyways, got free champagne service and got my guys in too the people recognized us the 2nd night we came in and we were taken care ofThey make great kamikaze's and their jager bombs were good tooHit up JET if you can otherwise make the best at the loungeSATURDAY MORE MUSIC TO DANCE YOUR ASSES TO!!!
2	This isn't a destination.This is a decent meet up place before or after the Beatles Love.
3	The place was quiet but I liked the service. The feeling of drinking inside the place was decent. NOT TOO MUCH GOING ON but it was probably a bad day. The gin and tonic was made wonderfully for me. I'd want to come back again!
5	We will definitely come back to this lounge/bar. Excellent service what happened in Vegas stays in Vegas!!
5	disclaimer: I'm rating/writing this for the gay night Sunday (Closet Sunday). This is by far the best gay club in Vegas. I've been to all the gay clubs/bars/dive bars in Vegas and never thought they would have something hot like this. And the truth is, wherever you visit, you always go LOCAL, except in Vegas. dive bars are BORING, Krave is just OK, the only other places I would recommend are Secret Nightclub and Piranha. (both are off-strip) And actually you should never go to a gay club in Vegas because chances are better at any str8 club if you wanna score a hot guy.and you know people at these clubs CARE about you that they make your drinks really light so if you drive and club, you dont get caught DUI.. Don't do that from May-Dec. Extra extra cops are there for you, and they arrest people jaywalking (I've seen it right in front of my car)regarding the pool parties, sorry I've never been to one in Vegas. I'd rather just watch it through a telescope on a helicopter.. Guys are too hot to me in the pool...
2	I was staying at the Mirage and figured I would have a couple of drinks here before the Beatles show on a Thursday.The bar is an ultra lounge inspired by the Beatles and Cirque du Soleil and on the surface it looked pretty good....10 ft high letters spelling out REVOLUTION, neon lights, clean, modern design.  I sat at the front bar which is a great spot for people watching and ordered a couple of drinks.....Gin and tonic and a bottle of Corona was about $22.  I know this is Vegas, but really?  Given I had just paid about $12 for a Gin and tonic I at least wanted to taste the gin.  Another poster mentioned that Mirage is notorious for pouring weak cocktails and they are right.  They really are a total waste of money.Anyway, after the show we figured we would check out the lounge area at the back of Revolution (11.30ish).  This area is much bigger with dance floor, dj, neon lights etc.  I had a free pass they had given out earlier, but quite honestly it was so empty I can't imagine how they could charge anyone a cover to get in.  The people who were there were mostly middle aged and looked like they had just come from there conference.  The dj was spining rap songs about ho's and pimping.....I don't know but it was a total disconnect from the whole Beatles theme.  While I wouldn't expect it to play Beatles music all night I thought at least it would be more in that genre.  I had one beer....($9 for a bottle of corona), watched the unco-ordinated but enthusiastic middle aged white conference goers dance awkwardly to gangsta rap and then headed out to the casino floor......for a little Roulette and free Corona!
4	If you like The Beatles and then you would love this. Very entertaining show. There are not a bad sit in the house.
3	This place was popular among people in my industry during a recent trade show at the hotel.  It's really small though and the prices seemed up there.  The waitresses also seemed much more interested in helping the men then women.  Wasn't my favorite place in the hotel - I'd rather hang at Rhumbar.  Also the music was too loud that you couldn't talk to anyone.
3	I loved Revolution before it was taken over by Light Group. Don't get me wrong, I have nothing against Light Group but the vibe changed after they took Revolution lounge over, which I'm sure was in the interest of keeping the place profitable.It's a fun spot to take out of town friends if they're not down to shell out the cash to get into a club (and you're not in the mood to wait in line or track down a long lost contact so you can bypass the line). I don't know what they charge nowadays but I do know that they were trying to charge local ladies the last time I went and call me spoiled, but that's a no-no. And my spoiled brat policy is "I live here and I've been living here." Irrational? Possibly. But when I can get in somewhere else for free I'm not going to pay to get into a lounge and then pay again for drinks, which I thought were a little overpriced for a lounge. They do make a mean cosmopolitan though and that was almost worth the $14 paid for it (two will do you in). The scene inside is pretty awesome-everything is glow in the dark and psychedelic and the dancers don't have the usual bored, glazed over look that I've become accustomed to seeing at nightclubs. If you're lucky enough to get near a table-those actually used to be free and made Revolution a little less stressful to go to-you'll see that they have touch screen technology and you can draw and create things on them.Overall, Revolution is just average-nothing to go out of your way for, but if you're deciding between TI and the Mirage, this place is the better choice.
4	I surprisingly had a GREAT time here!We went to XS but the line was HORRID.  No fuss, my friends and I decided to go back to their hotel and chill at this lounge.  No line, no cover, and even a free drink at the bar.  It is a lounge so there wasn't a big dance floor.  No one was dancing so my friends and I started to dance, we had plenty of space.  Other people started to join. If you want to party hard and meet new people, this place is not ideal.  However,  if you only care about having a good time and dance with your friends, I recommend it :) I danced all night and lost a few calories along the way, win-win situation.
3	I wouldn't necessarily make a special trip there. As a hotel guest, though, this is a good place to go. No lines. No cover. LOVE THAT. Some nights they had open bar until 12 for women. Other nights, there were open bar for 10 bucks or something like that till 12. Neither time I made it before 12 so I can't say how it was. Drinks were pricey. It was pretty empty, which may seem a downer if you are "on the prowl." But with the honeybunches, that was a breath of fresh air! I hate how super crowded vegas clubs get! There was seating available! woo hoo!Besides that, the decor was cool. A bit psychedelic and definitely unique!
3	Typical Vegas bar: Beautiful girls serving expensive drinks.  Happily, however, they don't torture you too much with Beatles music.  It is VERY small and located behind the casino - so don't waste your time if you aren't staying here.
4	I can't give this place 5 stars, one because i wasn't feeling well enough to totally enjoy it and two because of the BEAT TIRED ass lady at the front lying through her fake teeth about the promotion going and trying to get her cut of bottle service! Watch out folks shes kinda slick.. good thing the gf and her roomie were all over that one! Once getting past all that JIVE, the place is rather cool, old school style, hence the Beatles reference. The Jams were off the hook if the freaking DJ would have played the ones we all know and love longer than 2 seconds and play the ones no one knew for 5 minutes! The drinks...well if you could have found the alcohol in them I'm sure they would have been bad ass! Overall the place was OK..
4	Very classy bar. Sexy, simple, and great music. Can't beat that! Drinks are a bit pricey but on a good night, you can get some free drinks from the good looking guys who cruise there.Make sure you dress up. And play with the light show, it actually respond to your hands.The manager is very nice. If you want to host a special event, he will be more than happy to help. Again, good music!The place is a bit smaller than other clubs so it can get packed quickly on a good night.And I love the logo. Very creative.
4	After passing up the CRAZY-ASS line at Jet and the sparse crowd at King Ink, we found ourselves a happy medium at Revolution.  We were told by the hostess that ladies got open bar (well drinks) from 10pm to Midnight and guys pay a $20 cover (one well drink included with that).  Two of us ladies went to check it out and make the executive decision - I was impressed!  There's two different sides- the outside lounge (plush seating), and the clubby dance-floor inside.  I didn't expect the inside to be that big.As our entourage followed, however, the bouncer lady stopped the guys mid tracks and started telling them there definitely was not an open bar for the ladies, and they should buy bottle service.  Ummm, WHAT?  We were just told differently two minutes ago by the hostess AND the bartender.  So back in we went, confirmed the open bar, and shuttled everyone inside to our open bar.  Good thing we knew better!Once inside, it was a great vibe though.  Cool video/light screens, cool DJ (though the dance floor is a bit small), not TOO crowded (ahem, Tao).  Just skip the free "shots" they walk around with unless you're thirsty for some fruit juice.
3	3 stars because they had all you can drink from midnight to 4 am for $20. I got my money's worth. Make sure you tip the bar tenders during this, my buddy didin't have any cash and with no tip, you won't get acknowleged by the bartenders. Its ok inside and has a small dance floor. Definitly a better spot to go then jet if you want to actually be able to talk and have space to move around.
5	Great bar in the mirage hotel. You get half off drinks if you show them your Beatles Love tickets
4	I have been here a few times with friends and always had a good time.Revolution is good if you have people who aren't interested in paying a cover charge, or want to dance a little but don't want to go to a night club.  There is also not much of a line since Jet, tends to draw the huge crowd.What I like about Revolution is they have seating in case you want to just take a break, or lounge a bit more.  The place is fairly small so don't expect it to be like the clubs in vegas (it's not a club).Music is decent, crowd is decent.  If you want to avoid waiting in line, or paying a cover charge..suggest you check it out.
2	I was really excited to go to this place cause I love the Beatles!!! I went to see my co-workers friend DJ'ing. When we got there I was surprised how small the venue was. The outside decor was actually really appealing. The word Revolution was huge and covered an entire wall with red back-lighting. But when I got inside the clientelle was older than I had expected which was fine...I guess. I was partying with people who had a table which was nice. When my friend did go to the bar and get a bottle of water it was, with a tip $8. mind you this was a small 8 oz bottle of water.  The person we came to see DJ was bomb. We were groovin! Then they kicked him off the tables and it was all down hill from there.  felt like we were listening to a Pandora station of Afro jack. Do like that - but not when I'm lookin to chill. We left shortly after that. Tried givin it my best shot but not worth the cost of drinks, especially combined with the disrespectful men who frequent the Mirage hotel.
3	I didn't go into the Lounge as it was closed so my friends and I were just outside chilling at the bar. The bartender was super friendly, upbeat and recommended a rather delicious raspberry drink. $15 a drink (other friend got jager and redbull). Cool environment, comfy chairs. Maybe I'll venture in some time.
5	Ok, revisiting this review after several months. After wandering the strip with a friend last week, we stumbled into this place. It was just what the doctor ordered. A place to hang out, with no line, sick hick hop (E40, Lil Jon, Nicki Minaj, Tupac), some drinks, a place to sit, a place to dance, and a place to end the night.It wasn't overcrowded, but it wasn't empty. It was more of an Urban crowd at this point in the night (3-4am), and it was a blast.This is definitely the place to take the after party.Make it rain! Or hail if you are on a budget.
4	We looked in at Jet, which had a line that was "a couple of hours." My friends had been here once or twice, so we decided to come over here instead. Good decision... I didn't realize it was so big inside. No cover, drinks are expensive but you can quite easily get some nice gentleman to buy for you ;D It was a good crowd, nice and packed but not overcrowded. Overall, all four of us had a really good time.
3	You's aiight.If you're looking for something really low key in Vegas, this place will suffice.Of course drinks are still expensive as F, but it is still Vegas after all.Kind of awkward because you have bottle service, a tiny ass dance floor with most of the people just standing around awkwardly staring at the dance floor wondering, "what do I do now?"In order: pre-party in the room, have A drink (yes, just one) in the lounge and then peace the heck out of there for something way more fun.
4	Came to support a friend who got a gig as the DJ..Definitely a really nice  lounge! Good music and the decor definitely eye catching and fun! Had a good time and definitely a spot I'd go to again! More chill then most of the other clubs in vegas, so if you're looking for a low key spot to enjoy company and drink.. this is definitely the spot!
5	My friends and I bought a package deal where we start with table service at Revolution Lounge then get a VIP escort to JET.  I can't tell you how JET was because we never made it that far.  We were having too much fun at Revolution!  Here's what we liked:1.  Good music to dance to: top 40, hip hop, classics and new.2.  Service:  Our waitress or one of her backups was nearby at all times to mix drinks, refill the mixers and snacks, and make sure we had everthing we needed.  It was a little annoying at first because they wouldn't let us serve ourselves, but by the time we were dancing and having a good time it was nice to have someone to refill the drinks in our hands.  They even took care of the non-drinkers in our group by making sure they always had ice and juice in their glasses.  Plus, there was a security guard by our table the whole time and she even offered to watch our purses while we danced.3.  Price:  Because we had 11 girls, we bought 2 bachelorette packages for a total of $558 on a Saturday night.  This included tax and tip, 2 bottles of Sky vodka, 2 bottles of champagne, unlimited mixers, chocolates and strawberries, VIP escort and free admission to JET.  Like I said though, I can't comment on JET because we didn't want to leave Revolution.4.  Plenty of room to dance and lounge:  Like some people had said before, the lounge was dead at first.  There were a couple dozen people there but no one was dancing, just sitting and drinking.  However, by the time we were nice and drunk and dancing, there were plenty of people dancing too and the vibe was good.  The dance floor was pretty roomy, there was even enough room by our table to salsa dance with some guys we met.  Plus, we had a huge couch to lounge on when we got tired or too drunk.I've been to Tryst, Tao (both too crowded, too expensive for table service, and too hard to get service otherwise) and Surrender (bad music on a Friday night) and I had the most fun at Revolution.  If you're looking for the latest hot spot where you can see and be seen, then this isn't the place.  But if you're out with a group of friends who know how to party, then this is the place.  There's good music, good service, and plenty of room to move around and sit when you need to.
3	Want to drink something expensive in a trendy little spot before the show? Hey, why not?! It's Vegas!!P.S. GO SEE BEATLES LOVE @ THE MIRAGE. Spectacular!
4	One of my fav places to chill in Vegas. The women who work here are gorgeous and the drinks are great. Perfect place to get drunk before going to a big club :)
3	Three stars for this place from about 9pm until 11pm (when they start charging at the door). From 9pm until 11pm; the door man gave us 2 for 1 drink coupons, the light show that goes on behind the bar is cool, Beatles music, and a mix of people (young~n~old, women~n~men). Well nobody Yelped or the door men didn't tell me, but when I returned around 3am I discovered this place turns into a gay bar after 11pm. I don't have anything against the gay community nor do I have a problem with seeing gay couples; we live in a free country. It's that I returned with a good buzz expecting some loud Beatles music and there was disco and wall~to~wall of men. It's just not what I was expecting. Anyway, 4 drinks and a few dances later I left (haha, joke). No, I turn around and went to the small bar they have right outside that is still part of this place; it was more of that mixed crowd.
1	If I could give this place less than a star I would, we went on vacation to LV last week and went looking around for a great hang out spot for Saturday night. After looking at a few different places we walked into the Mirage and saw the Revolution. They gave us VIP passes and said it was open bar from 10pm-12am for women and if the guys in our group paid $20 they would also get open bar. After reading a couple of good reviews on yelp we decided that's where we would go. So we get there at 9:15pm and found out that they had a private event going on till 10:30pm, so that was the first thing that pissed me off. At least warn us so we would not have rushed for nothing! So we sat in their bar area and waited till about 10:45pm, when we got inside the older people from the event were still in there, drunk and dancing. So we get to the bar and I ask for a drink and the guy tries to charge me for it. When I asked him about the open bar we paid for he simply said "Oh, that just includes vodka and cranberry juice" for the women and only Budweiser for the guys. I guess it was our bad that we didn't ask for clarification but I certainly did not expect a lounge in the Mirage to be that shady. So we were pretty mad at this point and decided to leave (an approx. of 10 mins after we got in). When we went to walk out the guys walked out first with their beers but when I followed behind them I was stopped and told I had to leave my drink there because it was "free". Come on...so they get to take their free beers, but I can't have my free vodka and cranberry?? Yeah totally never going back there, totally going to tell everyone I know about this place and hopefully someone listens.This place is ridiculous.
3	always nice to be there for a quick warm-up drink
2	the scenery is very cool..cute..a little small. but i love the revolution theme. we got vip bracelets..free drinks til 12..and the bar tenders acted put out as if i should be paying instead. one girl kept ignoring me..and only one of the bartenders really paid attention to me but made it very clear which drinks i could n couldnt hav with my open bar ticket. alot of ppl inside seemed stuck up. music was good, but i got sick of the security havin issues with me sharing drinks wth my bf and tellin us wher we could sit our drink, sit etc. it jus ruined the mood that night. i wouldnt go back. customer service is rude. the only thing i like is the interior and music
3	I didn't go into the club part, but just had drinks by the bar. It was kind of cool to sit in the letters of revolution and just take a break from the casino. The bartender was friendly enough and made our drinks pretty strong. The only part that I didn't like was the price. We got a strawberry daiquiri, seven and seven, and two long island iced teas. Total price: $50 without a tip. Pretty pricey. I guess if I wanted cheap alcohol I should have gone off the strip. But overall, nice enough place as long as you're willing to shell out for the drinks.
4	I checked this place out on a Thursday night. I'd spent my Wednesday night at Surrender the night before (ugh, waste of a night!). My friend & I were actually on the guestlist for Tao on Thursday, but after we heard that the music and crowd were similar to Surrender, we decided to skip Tao and just find a little bar or small venue that played decent music, with grown-ups who were there to have a good time dancing, etc.We were staying at the Mirage, and on the way back to our hotel after dinner, we were given passes to the Revolution bar/lounge downstairs. Free entry, free drinks - we figured, "let's just check it out. We can always move on if it sucks." But we ended up staying. And here's what I think:Revolution played good music. Music you can actually dance to, music with a beat and lyrics that you know. A good mix of late-90s and current stuff, etc.. no house or trance sh*t. The crowd was diverse - different races, age groups, etc. I didn't feel 'too old' or 'too young' being 31 in there. No one uptight or acting stupid. People were actually dancing, not just standing around, there just to see and be seen. It had a good vibe.We got there around 11:30pm and it was a little full, and stayed that way until around 1:30am, when it emptied out a bit... maybe some people were headed over to another place, I don't know.... But my friend and I stayed here. Music was good, bartenders prompt and fast, and the crowd was relaxed. It wasn't the super "hype" Vegas club many people might be used to.... it was more relaxed, but I liked it that way...
5	Pretty Awesome! We got hooked up with drinks and the whole nine yards. Staff is awesome! Being with the right people makes the biggest difference...I was in and out of there in 10 minutes...but overall the place was great!
2	For a vegas this place was eh! The place looked nice but the Dj sucked! We waited and a new Dj started spinning around midnight to 1am so we had hope but he sucked too! If you want a vegas experience, go somehwere else!
5	yeah,yeah,yeah!
4	GREAT photo op! One entire wall of the lounge is floor-to-ceiling letters spelling out "REVOLUTION" with seats in some of them!It is right next to the guest elevators, across from B.B. King's, so the location is very convenient.You usually don't have to pay cover, but drinks are pretty expensive. It always seemed pretty busy, but not packed, and we never saw a line-up. So if you want to stay out late and do a bit of dancing with the ultra-clubby feel, this is a good place to consider. A slightly older crowd than the other places we checked out.You'll find Mirage club promoters at the entrance to the Atrium rainforest daily, giving away wristbands and various offers (i.e. $10 + free drinks until 1 a.m.) to all the clubs. Sometimes they'll be out on the street as well. Unfortunately most of the (female) bartenders were sullen and pouty, if not surly.Cirque du Soleil created it, their first foray into the nightlife venue industry (made it to go with their LOVE show in The Mirage, so they play a lot of Beatles songs like the rest of the casino). It is designed to be an upscale, retro-60s feel. That means you'll see thematic design elements like the "LSD Ceiling", a physical representation of the song "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds", also a character in the show. There are thousands of glittering lights and crystals. It's stunning!
4	Revolution is like the hidden gem of nightclubs in Las Vegas. It doesn't look like much from the outside but inside there are great tables, some of which have a sort of writing pad for you to play with. The bottles are reasonably priced and the service is always great. It's one of those places you should check out for yourself.
3	Great place for a scene away from the norm. Meaning locals spot, great staff, great music. The only thing that could get better is more girls. Way too many dudes. Local djs from San Jose do not need to invade this place because the local talent here in Vegas shits on them (excluding illtraxx).
3	Hot bartenders, good wine, loud and bar stools were stolen from Jetson's.  It is an experience while waiting to see "Love".
4	I... kinda remember going here. like a little bit. what I do remember was rad. but expensive. like most of the strip.
2	I agree with another review: Lame.It's called Revolution to go along with the Beatles theme- and there's a few Beatles song titles printed on the wall. This is the only thing that has anything to do with the Beatles in this place.Bar service was slow, though they offered a buy-one-get-one drink offer and the drinks weren't too weak. This isn't a bar that's worth going out of your way for- but it was fine for a quick drink before seeing Love.
4	This is a cool spot, with a unique sign that makes for great photos when friends and family come to town. The lounge itself is pretty laid back with dress code, but you can still get bottle service here for a decent price.  If you buy a table, they have an interactive faceplate where you can drag your hand across it and it projects it on the rest of the table. It is a fun place to have a good time, without the full club experience.
5	Sunday Gay Funday!Was here for the New Year weekend and had to make sure to check this place out on Sunday only because it turns in to a gay club.  Glad i did. Event hough I was exhausted and took a short 1 hour nap at 2 am my friend came in hitting me with a pillow to get up so we can head out to check this place out.  When we headed out it was about 3am and probably showed up at 3:20am.  When walking in it was free guessing because it was a bit late.  I had my name on the list just in case we had to pay.  The club itself is awesome.  There is a bar outside the club with a lounge area.  as you walk in there is a even bigger bar with the back wall lighting up.  I bought a drink which normally cost me 6 buck which ran here for $10.  for being 3:30am the club was still pretty packed.  They have a main dance floor and (VIP) areas. In all reality people were dancing everywhere.  The music was great. I honestly had a blast.  Everytime Im in Vegas ill make sure to make a stop here.
4	I like this place a lot more now that I've been inside.  Ladies free admission w/ free drinks 10-12pm!!!  There's no line, you're in and you're able to get out.  No problems with any of the staff - they're all very nice (even the go-go dancers).  The drinks are also strong  :]  The place is small, but bigger than I had imagined & you're able to sit for free!  The lounge is inside, but there is also a bar people can chill at just behind the REVOLUTION letters.  I wasn't too keen on the DJ... he messed up a couple times or maybe the music just wasn't to my liking?  Definitely a good spot to come to for free drinks & lounging around w/ friends.  My friends and I were dressed up, but I saw some people who were dressed VERY CASUAL... I'm talking guys wearing just a t-shirt w/ a beanie, converse & girls in denim w/ a dressy-cas top.  I would say the crowd is a little on the older side.
5	Oh how I missed you Closed Sunday! When was the last time I saw you? Half a year ago? I'm sorry I had been back in town for many times but never stayed on a Sunday night. Glad I met you again, it was fun fun fun!!!Crowd was amazing just like the first and second time I visited. Everyone was dressed very nice having a good time. I looked to my left - hot guy, looked to my right - eye candy!! looked behind, hmm better not tell you what I was thinking..Despite all the parts I loved you about, which was almost everything. But the bartenders, especially those girls with big woman-parts were not nice to me just like they weren't the last time. I know they were proud of their F size but I've got enough Fs in school, no need for that.. Can you tell them that in fact not just me but nobody cares about their chest size so they can stop pushing it so hard in my face? It's more like a visual hazard.I'd rather talk about Jorge the hot promoter. Tell me his real name, or I'll catch him next time and ask that myself. He's really handsome. What does he like? I wanna impress him.Okay people seriously, if you're gay and in Vegas on a Sunday, there's no better place to go than here. Ask for Jorge and he can put you on the guest list so they cant harass you with the cover charge. Forget about Krave. I've actually met people who stayed at the Mirage but travelled out to Krave for they had never heard of Closed Sunday. What a great waste of money.. and time.
5	I have been to Beatles Revolution 4 times now and every time I have gone, I have had nothing but phenomenal service from all of the staff. Not only that, but they have excellent prices and the music definitely gets you up and moving. If you're in Vegas looking for a good time, come to Rev.
2	We came here before LOVE started they give you 1/2 price drinks we stayed and sat but the music was super Boring, there was no DJ and no one was dancing. Everyone seemed like they were ready for bed. We didnt stay very long because the ambiance was making us fall asleep.
5	This is a great place to drink, hang out, and do some dancing. We went here on Saturday night and was pleased to find ladies were free and they could drink for free until midnight!! Plus they walk around with shots for free, just pay a tip. They got a little crowded, but nothing compared to the packed clubs. This was a great find and I would go back here for sure!!
4	Yeah - it's a cool little lounge that's on the corner.  Can get kinda cramped, and quite loud too.  The bonus is it's located close to the elevators, and that's big plus if you're needing to get to your room asap.   Bartenders were nice, service was pretty good, and the drink pours were respectable.  I liked the soft leather seating, most everything is white, reminded me somewhat of an Austin Powers ambiance and set up.  Background music can get a little on the loud side, but what the hay - you're in Vegas.   The other cool thing was that we closed the bar out and hung out chit chatting away till almost 4am, and they were cool about it and didn't bother us at all.  I kept worrying if and when they would ask us to leave, but it was all good in the BRL Hood.
4	I credit my first ever Vegas black out to this place. The group I came with managed to snag a table next to the DJ booth, so there was plenty of room to get our groove on. Even if you didn't have a table, there were a good amount of places to sit and take a breather (something I value at any lounge/club in Vegas). The bottle service and other libations I got with a few drink tickets didn't hit me until later that night, but from what I do remember, it was a blast. Love that they spin hip-hop here too.
4	OK, let's get this out of the way first-this place is pretty damn expensive. Yep, welcome to Las Vegas.Having said that, the service is awesome. The bartender took my and the guy next to me's order at the same time and had all of our drinks out and our checks in about a minute and a half. Impressive! She was super nice. The woman doing table service was good about clearing the bottles when we were done and seeing if we needed anything else.The key to this place is to get the 2-1 coupon, which they hand out during the day at the very least, and you can probably also pick it up from the concierge.This is a pretty good choice for a bar, and a great one if you're seeing Love.
5	My absolute favorite lounge. Great music, friendly people, bartenders that don't keep you waiting 20 mins before they serve you and and employees that add to the fun environment. Especially on Thursdays. Thursdays are the best days to go down there. Everyone is friendly and just looking for a good time. There's never any drama there. The dance floor is a mixture of "club dancing" and a dance circle for the hip hop dancers. It's a great place to take your friends (especially from out of town) looking for a fun spot to party.
4	Not a club. A swanky bar straight out of Austin Powers.  Free entrance and drinks for ladies when we came on Saturday night. Can't hate on that. Music was good.  People from all walks of life started dancing.  And dancing with all of their might.I think staffers caught sight of  the hideous dancing, so they cut the music to almost inaudible. Booo.  No dancing, just "lounging' allowed.
5	My bf and I came here on a Saturday night (Cinco De Mayo) and had a wonderful time!!! This place is amazing. We were actually with Club Viva (Club Hop Bus), got bogo drinks and the dj was sooooooo on point! Playing all good jams in a row. My bf is not really a dancer and even he was dancing. I recommend this club to anyone that is in for a good time and not wanting to hold up the wall...since this is a "lounge club" they actually do have places for people to sit and you not having to be in VIP.
2	$6 for a Diet Coke.  From a snarky waitress who wouldn't take our order for about 10 minutes.  At 8:30pm on a Monday with only about 5 other customers in the entire bar.  $6.  Enough said.
5	With good dj's spinning hip-hop starting at 10, this lush little spot inside the Beatles Revolution room offers decent price drinks, comfy places to sit and hot eye candy waitresses. Good place to relax before midnight when I can only assume gets packed due to its awesome music selection.dp
3	Last night we came to Revolution for Revo Sundays.  My friends wanted to end the evening here as a way to end their birthday celebration.  I used to come to Revolution when they first started Revo Sundays and called them Closet Sundays.  Back then, it was super fun.  Last night was far from that!The staff was cordial and nice.  I didn't like that three drinks came out to $30 in a place not that popular.  I know it's the strip but c'mon.  The music was house but not hip.  Usually they'll playing remixes of top Billboard songs, however, last night was a mix of less than stellar, unfamiliar music.  Didn't really get me going.All in all, I'd say to make sure you're in the mood to visit this ultra lounge as there are far more superior options around the area, in my opinion.  This place is just ok.
5	Ok... so I've been to this place twice in my Las Vegas lifetime... and both times were excellent experiences.  The nights that we went were of course on "special" nights, where music was not the norm, and the usual playlists were not on the set list.    The first time actually, friends of ours were spinning and the beats were immaculate.  Old school RnB and hip hop cuts strait from the crates.  The 2nd time around was this past weekend... and AGAIN we were lucky to have some old school jams grace the ears.   The drinks were strong and it wasn't to crowded the 2nd time around.  It was early, so I'm not sure how crazy it got after we left.   Ladies were drinking for free before 10:30 or 11 I think it was.. and the men were enjoying b1g1 drink tickets.  I'm assuming from other reviews that It's probably not this way ALL the time... so?  I'll definitely be on the lookout for "special" parties with "special" music choices.  I'm not the ooootz ooootz lover, so I definitely enjoy when my music preferences are brought to the fore front.. COME ON VEGAS!! HIP HOP!
1	My sweet lord, this is an abomination. In the short time I was able to bear this rotten place, I heard Twisted Sister. And Bon Jovi. And Extreme. I can't remember the rest because I mainlined a quart of propofol to put myself out of my misery.
2	I wish I could like this place more. The decor basically screams "Austin Powers!" redux, the Beatles are my favorite band, and the entrance which is basically a wall spelling out "REVOLUTION" that you enter through the spaces between the letters is really cool. Unfortunately the music here is at best hit and miss: There's really nothing to set it apart from any other club/lounge when they spin the same techno/house as every other place on the Strip and if you can't do that any better (and actually a lot worse) than you competitors then you should at least commit to the Beatles theme fully and play some of their classics. The bartenders all look like they're miserable behind the bar but at least the waitresses serving the tables try to look like they don't hate being there. The drinks are rather standard price for a lounge (13-14 for a scotch) and the table service is really cheap but this isn't the type of place you would want to spend too much time. Promoters in the Mirage give out all sorts of promotions: guys can usually get free entry before 11/12 and girls get open bar for a few hours, but as you'd expect it's all well drinks. The crowd is mainly 30 somethings and no one is particularly well dressed but you'll probably run into a few conventioneers rocking the 3 piece suit and standing uncomfortably by the bar. On the plus side, they usually have the Go-Go dancers who aren't dancing at the moment handing out free shots on the dance-floor. I don't know what was in those (they looked purple and tasted a bit like blueberries) but I know that after my friend downed 4 of them and a few vodka tonics he was compelled to inform the girl handing them out that "she was the most beautiful person" he had ever seen.
5	we came on a thursday night, the good foot, which plays only hip hop/top40 hip hop. - free cover. we rolled in before 11pm, and the lady in front gave us a ticket. no $20 charge! we have the vcard and didn't even use it :)- small. one bar. you pretty much go in a circle and you're back outside. - coming early has its perks bc the dance floor is not that pack. do the dougie, cat daddy, jerk even shuffle. lol. some guy was poppin and other dude was actually break dancing! haha..too much space..- open bar for ladies till midnight. vodka+fruit drink (cranberry, pineapple, etc). - BEWARE! guys! don't drink it in front of any bouncers or free drinks is over.- $5 beers. :)- actual seating. plenty of seating so u can relax your feet.
3	Just OK, You're typical Vegas cash-in style hotel attraction. A companion theme bar to the Mirage show "Love" located in the Mirage resort main lobby. Nice staff, Expensive drinks, Ok music..I heard 2 Beatle's songs in the 40 minute visit i stayed. Just a good little watering hole to meet up or wait for the show.
3	Review #50! Whoa, and it only took almost two years to get to this point. Oh well I'm a busy man. The revolution lounge is a perfect place to pre party. Grab a drink or two and move on to the next spot.Free cover, and open bar (well drinks) for the ladies. Can't really lose there. The music and atmosphere werent too bad. I expected a little more. Considering the lounge looks so cool from the outside. It can be a hit and miss. And the free drinks are more that watered down. But that's expected now a days. I think this place is perfect for a few pictures, a cocktail. Maybe dance a song or two, But that's about it. Don't expect any beatles music to be played. Unless it's remixed or something. But It's worth a few minutes of your time.
3	Great 2-for1s before the show were great.
4	I was only at this bar for a lil bit. But I enjoyed the music the whole time i was there. It wasn't crowded kuz it had jus opened. Drinks were free for ladies for the 1st hour, i think. Small place but cute. Music was jus great! They played ol skool and new skool hip hop and r&b... the crowd was pretty wack but if there's free drinks and good music, who really cares about the crowd!!!
2	Yeah, um, no. Just don't. Read my quick tip if you can. And if you're interested in that kind of thing, go for it. Otherwise, do not wait in any line or pay any cash to enter this place. Just don't.
4	REVO SUNDAY!Revo Sunday is the only reason to visit Revolution.Once a week -- every Sunday night at 11pm or so -- Revolution transforms from a kitschy lounge in the Mirage hotel into the best club in town... and the boys take over.  (Revo Sunday has a $20 cover, but it's free if you're on the guestlist.)It's a fairly small space (just one room with some seating in the middle and along the sides), but it has a lot of personality.  The entrance involves going through the giant wall made of glowing letters, while the interior is totally swank.  I could lounge here all day long.  Another plus is that the drinks are strong and less expensive than comparable places on the Strip.  My cocktails were $8, which isn't that bad.  Some friendly tipping and soon the bartenders were pouring free rounds of shots for everyone -- nice!The music is also great.  It's mostly top-40 stuff, but remixed really well.  It's a nice escape from the EDM that's de rigueur everywhere else on the Strip (I'm looking at you, Marquee, XS, etc.).The one thing that baffles me about Revo Sunday is how sparsely attended it is.  Part of the nightclub experience is floating in a crazy sea of people, but Revo wasn't like that.  Even at peak hours (~2am), it was only around half full.  It was mostly empty by 3am.  I guess everyone had afterparties to get to.Hopefully, more people will discover the joy of Revo Sunday and elevate this weekly shindig to the next level.Viva la Revolution!
3	This Beatles themed bar is a little too slick to pull off The Fab Four's "All You Need Is Love" message.It's a fine spot to grab a drink before or after checking out the Cirque Du Soleil Beatle-centric show "Love," (for my money, one of the best shows in town, right up there with Penn and Teller), but it's not worth waiting in long lines on Friday and Saturday nights to get in.Like the Elvis themed Gold Lounge at Aria, The Revolution Lounge at will disappoint Beatlemaniacs if they visit this spot at night, where they're much more likely to hear Ke$ha, Black Eyed Peas, or Skrillex tracks than a deep cut from The White Album. And they'll have to pay a cover for the privilege. Better to stay outside the main lounge area and enjoy drinks at the secondary bar, where you don't have to pay to enter. The signature drinks named after Beatles tracks are pleasing and unique. The front area does have some nice Beatles references, including giant glowing letters spelling out the name of the place (and one of the Fab Four's most famous songs).Beatles fans should visit during the day if you're curious about the decor, when you might actually hear a song by the band when at times when hip DJs  aren't spinning.The inside is nice and filled with whimisicle Beatle quotes on the walls, but the place doesn't quite pull off the 60s atmosphere it attempts. It's a decent lounge if you want to dance, just don't come here on weekend nights if you're looking for a Beatles-centric experience. John Lennon would be ashamed, while Paul continues to cash the checks, no doubt.
5	Awesome nightclub! This place saved our night from the big Flop BB Kings right across from it. Guys paid $20 to get in women were free, Women drank for free till 12pm Whooo Hoooo! Beautiful club, awesome vibe, no Beatles music but great hip hop DJ! Saw some incredible dancing, even tipped a chick $20 to do some more break dancing. Great bartender service! Honestly, it was our best night in Vegas. HAD A MAJOR BLAST!
4	Stop #1 with night train before the clubs.  Nice lounge to sip on some drink specials. Good music. Great staff. Nice atmosphere.
3	When I think of think is the Revolution Bar, I think hearing some Beattles songs playing in the background remixed to house or trance but here it's just your typical top 40's  or house music depending what DJ they have performing. The drinks are not cheap but some of the bartenders are pretty friendly while some are just stuck up. I went on a Sunday night which was Revolution Sundays planned by the Light Group and I thought that night would be packed but more like half packed. The bouncer said it would be packed by 1 am but it was still not packed after 1, so I left and went to the casino and had more fun at the slots with the waitresses bringing me drinks. With the amount of time I spent at the slots and the drinks I ordered 8 total, I saved around $88. Would I go back to the Rev lounge? Maybe... Just to relax and unwind before leaving for the club or show.
4	I've been here more times than I can recall.  This place has no cover charge and even though it's not that big I've always enjoyed coming here.  It's a lounge in the Mirage not too far from King Ink and Jet and I have never EVER heard them play a Beatles song.  (Maybe I just came in at the wrong times)  The drinks are decently priced for Vegas and a majority of the time that I went there there weren't that many people, so it's really just a little nice place to bring friends or anyone who you want to talk or dance with.  You can sit at the tables and just chill.  My type of place to go after a long day of work with some friends.
4	Don't be fooled by the outside of this lounge. Go behind the curtain and you will find a retro lounge with Beatles music playing loudly. This is the perfect spot to grab a drink before the Cirque LOVE show. If you show the bartender your tickets the drinks are 2 for 1!! We drank a glass of wine in the lounge and then got another to go as we made it to the theatre. It wasn't busy when I was there but the seating was comfortable, the bartenders were friendly and the music was great.
3	i had a vodka at the outer bar area , $15 was a little rich $10 drinks would have kept me drinking . It is OK , just a theme bar for the Beatles "Love" show . Worthy of a quick photo in the giant letters .
4	Didn't get to experience too much of the lounge because we stopped here around noon one day and decided to keep the drinks flowing!  But, we were able to chat with Camille and another guy for a bit, so that was nice.  She made a great raspberry martini!  Just keep in mind prices are high.
3	All i remember is that it was a good time, minus girls having to pay cover charge boooo.
3	Every time we rolled by this place - only the outer bar was open so this is a half ass review considering we never saw the actual club interior.  This was the one club/bar located within our hotel so naturally we popped in for a cocktail.  The motif is cool - retro furniture and ambiance.  Drinks are moderate but not terribly overpriced.  Bartender was ok but by no means went out of his way to be friendly.  Based on the outside crowd - we were not really sure if this was our kind of place but apparently they have an LGBT night on SundaysThat's about it for this joint.
3	This is a bar in the front butter nightclub in the back it is pretty cool and fun!! Ladies get in for free and drink for free till midnight so that is the spot check it out!!
4	*Warning I'm a bit biased because my friends work here.I started going on Thursday nights because of The Good Foot which is our local classic hip hop night. Local b-boys and b-girls, poppers, lockers, and whoever else can dance will come out and get their groove on. Every night is a different vibe so you can look into which one would suit you and your crew best. Sunday night is gay night and it's a blast, Friday and Saturday is more top 40 and new hip-hop. You are on the strip so the drink prices are not going to be dirt cheap, this isn't a dive bar people. They do have an open bar from 10pm to 12 for ladies though so get there early to take advantage of that.
3	I have been to the Beatles Revolution Lounge once during its GAY night and it was an okay experience, but still fun. I was expecting, since this was in the Mirage in Vegas, to be a bigger lounge, but it is just the right size to pre-start your night. I found myself at the bar mostly throughout the night, but when I had the chance I was on the dancefloor and it was pretty spacious but still enough attendees to start a party. The atmopshere is retro feeling. I will say it is a nice place to hangout and end your weekend here on a Sunday in Vegas after you have done all the crazyness Friday and Saturday somewhere else. The cost was $20 unless you are on the guestlist - there are people sometimes standing to let you get in at a cheaper price or you just have to know a promotor, etc. The music is very mainstream and they usually have a drag performance. If I remember correctly, the bathrooms are at the back of the lounge and have a cool circular sink to wash hands. The bar is to your right when you enter and the dancefloor to your left. It goes in a circular form as tables and sofas are aligned around the club and in the middle. Bartenders were alright, nice but not fully attention givers as the drinks are moderate pricing and not too overpriced - matters on what you get of course.To tell a story: my friend got kicked out of the place because he became too intoxicated and started jumping on the sofas trying to pull down the hanging mirrors they had on the ceiling at the time. I managed to get him back to his room and was let back in from security right away since they were being nice. WATCH OUT: You might have a one night stand. I could of easily done it, but my moral values kicked in :) but if your one of those people that like that, then go! and if you aren't one of those people, then still go!
3	Easy to meet people here. Hot triathlete bartender chatted us up and she was quite enjoyable to be around. Nothing special here, but I'd return.
3	Sunday nights at Revolution is Gay night. Usually draws in an ok crowd. Drinks are not going to be cheap considering this is on the Las Vegas Strip inside the Mirage Hotel & Casino. Top 40 is usually played.
5	Vanity has by far given us the best service I have ever received in Vegas. We dropped in for a quick drink before trying to figure out where to go for the night and she was helpful with everything from what drink we should order to which club we should go to for the night. Hands down the best server in Vegas. I'll for sure be making this a stop for every trip.
3	After leaving the Beatles Love Cirque show, we were invited in by a promoter with the promise of free drinks. It was a Thursday night, the drinks and music were pretty good and I liked the overall ambience of the place. And unlike the other clubs we had gone to, you could actually sit without paying for VIP. The crowd however was blah, maybe because it was still rather early 11pm. But we left soon after finishing our drinks.
3	This is a good place to go to as a plan C except for Thursday nights when DJ Franzen spins hip hop here. Local ladies are always free. For hip hop lovers, I'd call it a well kept secret from tourists. However it is definitely a lounge. People aren't going to be going crazy in here but no one will look at you strange otherwise.
3	Cute bar.  I've been here several times during the day and it's always dead.  Which is fine by me!  Last week, a group of girls and I went to see Beatles LOVE and were stopped by a promoter to pop in for free cocktails.  We were on our way to 1 Oak but figured we shouldn't pass up on free drinks.The crowd was strange so we left after we got a good buzz.  I like the retro feel of the bar.  Perfect place for that hardcore Beatles fan!
5	Loved this place Beatlesland
4	on sunday nights they have a LGBT friendly party.  Its a great night to end the weekend in vegas.  Fun venue, thats small and intimate, yet spacious so you aren't bumping into everyone.  I don't know how they are on the nights the rest of the week, but it is a fun place on Sundays!
5	Great place loved all the B-boy events there.All you can drink is lame with all the watered down cheap booze :-/
4	Cool decor, pricey cocktails
1	What can I say, a Beatles bar that does not have Beatles music, over charges for drinks, I mean seriously, one martini, one rum and 7up, one corona and a diet coke...$49....Yeah, a one round mistake.
3	I'm not sure why this is called the Beatles lounge. The night I was there, they did not play any Beatles music. Which was FINE! with me.They played a decent mix of music, however, no one was dancing. Except the go-go girl on the pole. We received a "free" drink voucher when we got in, when you take it to the bartender inside, she turns down just about any drink you want, and gives you the "acceptable" free drinks. You really need to read the fine print on your voucher. But OK, no worries.There was a girl walking around with "free" shots, that looked like they had cranberry in them. We declined. This place is GREAT for people watching. There were two older ladies.... I mean, OLDERRRR ladies, who were chain smoking and trying to rob the cradle.Hilarious.... but don't come here if you want to dance--or hear the beatles.
1	Went here to meet a nightclub tour group which starts at this location then tours a few other clubs. I asked the bartender how to check in and he was very rude. He obviously hated the nightclub tour groups so made sure he was as condescending as possible to me. Ouch!
5	Love the music here on a Thursday!All about the Hip Hop!!Cant wait to dance here again.
2	Maybe this is unfair to this location, but I have been to this bar TWICE this week and the first time only the front side was opened and the inside was closed for "filming" and the second time only the front side was opened and the inside was closed for "private party".  Great.  Kind of hard to experience it when it's never freaking open.  So, I say meh.  For the front side, the chairs AT the bar are uncomfortable and scary and the wine is $15 a glass for house pinot grigio.  I dunno... I think I could do better somewhere else.  But I do like the white decor - it does LOOK cool and the seats AROUND the bar are comfy.  I can't go more than 2 stars at this point.  Sorry folks.  BORING.
1	Gay SundayTried to get in on this past Sunday, a promoter let me sign up on my iphone for free access, after showing hostess invite next had to be carded(I'm in my 40's) and pass thru another rope, Third guy said we would have to pay an addition $20 unless we had local ID(we're from CA)....so we left! Can't believe all the extortion these Vegas clubs do to try to get you to pay high cover charges! Isn't the high drink prices enough? oh yeah, and from what I could see the place was mostly empty! I say everyone should stop frequenting these clubs with high covers.
2	In a word, boring.  I didn't hear a single Beatles song while I was there.  Why would you name it that if you aren't even playing 60s music? That's why I went in there. I expected more peace signs and giant flowers. I would've even enjoyed some Yoko Ono over the hip hop music they played.I'm just glad I got in for free, or it would be fewer stars.
4	Me and hubby were hanging around the Mirage gambling and whatnot.  We were walking by the lounge and a girl working there asked us if we wanted to come in.  She said it would be free drinks for ladies and free cover for both. We didnt think we were dressed appropriately (jean and sneakers).  But we said why not, its Vegas! We chilled out, danced and drank.  It was a cool chill spot that we prob wouldn't have gone to bc we thought it was Beatles music. They played hip hop/ top 40s.
4	This IS the pre-party hot spot at the Mirage. People definitely use this place as a stop over before going somewhere bigger. Such a shame, this place has plenty of space and good music. Got a table easily, free drink tickets for the ladies, 2-for-1 drink tickets for the gents....i did the whole stop over thing here too, but i enjoyed my time!p.s. don't get a moscow mule here, they don't have ginger beer, just ginger ale, and it was ALL wrong. Why would the bar tender suggest such a horrible thing?
4	Open bar from 10-11pm!
3	Received an invitation for free cover and free drinks if I went to go check it out.  The drinks were good when they were free.  But as soon as they were not free it got very expensive.  A cup of vodka cran was $10.  Not worth it.  They even charge you for water.  Its fine and all, I would probably go again when the drinks were free, but I won't be buying any more booze from them.  Too expensive.
5	One of the best lounges in the city, great drinks and great vibes i go there all the time when im mot working! If you are in vegas you must check it out!!
5	This place is a great option for anyone and everyone. Whether your 21 and looking for a  meeting spot to head off to 1OAK or your 81 looking for a nightcap after a show, I would best describe it as a laid back nightclub. The staff is great, drinks are great, music is great and I would reckoned this place to anyone.
5	My favorite lounge in fabulous Las Vegas! I recommend getting the bottle service, great deals!  Call David Shefield (702-328-9460) if you go! He hooked me up a great deal!
5	Revolution is definitely a unique ultra-lounge in mirage more so than a nightclub. The atmosphere was electric but it's a bit smaller than most other venues in Vegas which is perfect for smaller groups and privacy. The Gogo dancers were amazing. The cocktail waitresses, bartenders, and bussers were all very nice and helpful in regards to recommending other night club spots as well. Revolution is a pre-party lounge. Most ppl stop there for a drink before heading out to other nightclubs but it's a great hidden gem that has been around for a while. The music was great, although would have been better had they played a little Beatles music. All in all, revolution is a solid upscale lounge with a great atmosphere and quality ppl. Enjoy
5	I moved to Vegas 3 months ago and have been all over.  I ventured into revolution based on a friend's recommendations. I was extremely pleased about the friendly prompt service I received from Camille she was bubbly and a pleasure to be around. I would recommend this bar to all my friends.  Thanks so much for the laughs and great service Camille I'll definitely be back!!!!XoxoMollee
4	Always great service and cool crowd cosmos are awesome and bartenders rock. This is something I love to do on weekends. If you come on a weekend, definitely try a Saturday over a Friday
1	Had a margarita here. They put zero tequila in it and it cost $15. Ridiculous. Never again wil I come here nor do I recommend it. Like they are hurting for money. Save your time and money. Was there July 27th about 8:30...
5	The Beatles Revolution Lounge inside the mirage hotel is an awesome place to go hang out for the night or even just stop in before or after dinner for a quick drink, always has good vibes and the employees are very personable, it makes it over all just a chill place to be and to hide out from the hectic ness  of VEGAS.
3	This place is alright.  It looks cooler than it is. We went one night before the Beatles Cirque show because they had a 2 for 1 drink deal if you show them your tickets to the show.  I got an amaretto sour and husband got a cran vodka.  I noticed she used Pinnacle  vodka. After the coupon, our total was $16. So of course I asked.. she said my small, mostly ice, watered down amaretto sour was $16. Yeah.. I'm sure that's true. After the show, we stopped in again.. to use another coupon, lol. Husbands idea. Got the same drinks, different bartender.. was charged $11. Hmmm..lovely bartenders making up their own prices. We told this guy we would like our drinks in plastic cups, since we were on our way out, and he acknowledged.  Then handed our drinks to us in glasses! We were in a hurry and already late, so I didn't have time for him to switch..after I already told him what I wanted. So we left, glasses and all. Threw them  in some trash can on the strip.  Sorry guys, but that's your fault.We came back the following night to check our the club portion in the back.  Unbeknownst to us, it was gay night.  Gay night happens every Sunday.  It was a blast. The DJ was good, the crowd was cool, it wasn't too crowded.  We got in free since we were hotel guests.  My friend was mad because she asked for an iced water at the bar, and the guy told her they don't do that.. only $6 bottles.  WHAT? So we was on her way out to find some free or cheaper water elsewhere, and the doorman asked her what was wrong.  She told him and he seemed appalled at that.  He marched right back behind the bar and grabbed her a bottle of water.  Wow.The club itself is beautiful.. plenty of places to sit, I like that! Bathroom is awesome with the sink in the middle.  There isn't much of a dance floor, so I would def hate to go here on a more crowded night.  But overall, we had a good time... we just had to do it sober since  we have already determined that the bartenders suck!
1	A security guard here told me that I needed to leave because I had dozed off for a moment after drinking. While I realize that Las Vegas establishments, hotels, bars and especially clubs don't want people sleeping in the public areas--I certainly don't have control over how alcohol affects my body. I had two drinks, I was tired and I was waiting for my ride to leave anyway. I wasn't a nuisance and I clearly wasn't belligerent or obnoxiously drunk.I asked the security guard that I wanted to say goodbye to my party of two friends, which he let me did. But then he had the gall to say as I was leaving "that he didn't have to let me say goodbye."Frankly, this guard was rude. The Mirage hotel is never getting my business ever again.
5	Sweet little lounge - great lighting and loved the music playing in the background. It gets crowded quick so get there early! Camille was a spot on bartender.
3	My sister and I went here mostly because they were offering free drinks in the lounge. We went during the right times and the free drinks were not really worth it because anything we tried to order was not included unless it was a shot of tequila or vodka and I don't count shots as "drinks" the bartender was rude as anything all because I didn't fit the natural beauties he wanted to serve and give drinks to. I did complain to management and they did take care of us but it didn't take the bad taste out of our mouth. The bartender basically ruined the idea of buying drinks because we thought he might do something to it if we ordered. The atmosphere was energetic but for it being the Beatles revolution lounge they played zero Beatles music. Next time I go to Vegas I'm not sure if I would go here or not. They only get 3 stars and not 2 because try did try to fix the bad bartender situation. Oh and did I mention I saw someone but a beer and it was $20!! Outrageous. But then again it is Vegas.
5	Love this lounge. Service is always on point! Cocktail service Serena was beyond nice and so was her helper Ken. Music varies on the days but you can always expect to have a great time. Just make sure you are ready to dance the night away.
4	A fun place to meet for cocktails after an evening show!
4	I liked this place. Got in free. Drinks are typical price and tasty. It's not so large that it's overwhelming. The music was good (hip hop, top 40 etc). I'd actually come back.
3	The place was cool. The drinks were reasonably priced, no cover and the music was lit. The people were okay but I think it was because we got there too early
