5	I took my iPhone here after I dropped it in my pool and it went dead. The downtown location was good for me becuase it was within walking distance from my work. I walked in with no appointment on Tuesday, and picked the phone up on Wednesday. I didn't know if it would ever work again but they got it to work just fine. It still had some water spots on the screen after cleaning but they cleared up within 12 hours from just using the phone. Bottom line is the phone is like new again and Mac I Am saved me some coin.
5	30 mins for a new screen. Stayed and waited for the phone to be repaired. Got it done with no small talk. Just the way I like it. Good job guys.
5	I broke my iPhone for the first time last week and didn't know what to do. I did a quick google search and found many repair shops near where I live, most of them required me to either pay them ridiculously high prices or they wanted to keep my iPhone for hours so they could fix it. One of my coworkers mentioned that she got her iPhone repair done at Mac I Am during her lunch break and that they were fast. The very next day I walked into Mac I Am to request a quote and I was amazed with the level of customer service I received. They quoted me nearly half of what other shops quoted me and they only needed my iPhone for 30 minutes. I dropped off my iPhone and went to subway across the street. I came back a little early and was expecting to wait for my phone to be fixed but to my surprise they were already finished with the repair. I will for sure recommend this place to everyone I work with! The thing that impressed me the most about Mac I Am was their friendly and professional staff, the cleanliness of their store is ridiculous!! It looks like a mini Apple store in there. They also tested my iPhone before and after it was repaired to make sure nothing went wrong durning the process. If you work downtown this is the place to go for your repair and I'm really glad I found these guys.
3	They're okay... I guess. Haven't personally used them for my Apple products, but have played side-kick PIC to my beloved colleague. My coworker coerced me to accompany her as she felt I had some "solid negotiation skills". Umm... okay... happy to help! :)So, we were unable to get them to knock off $60 for servicing 2 iPhones, but more like $40. We really pushed too. Bahahaha (evil laugh).I noticed they didn't text or call MY phone when my coworker's phones (2) were ready for pick-up. One of my personal pet-peeves - esp when businesses ask for an alternate #! Lame, just lame. :(
5	I'm new to Phoenix and needed to upgrade the RAM and replace the battery on my 2007 MacBook Pro (I know.....ancient in the laptop realm ). After doing a Yelp search I found Mac I Am and boy am I glad I did!! After several wrong turns in downtown and then ffffiiinnnaaalllyyyy finding a place to park.....I walked into their front door about 15 minutes before closing. Expecting to just drop my laptop off to be picked up later in the week.....I was amazed when the gentleman told me that he had the RAM AND the battery I needed in stock!!! Bang, bing, boom.....I walked out about 20 minutes later with a laptop that was just as fast as the day it was purchased and not an arm and a leg missing!! As of this posting I'm having a problem with the new battery not charging.....but, I contacted them and they said to just stop by with my laptop and the new and old batteries and they'd take care of it!!! I can't praise this store or the gentleman working there enough!!! Oh, and they even refund you $5 bucks if you had to park in the parking garage!!! First class business with first class service all the way!!
