4	Arizona and need a quick tastie good meal . . . nothing fancy but just plan good.  Yea, these are the places to seek and find.  Nothing exceptional other than just good food for the buck.ALWAYS find a Filaberto's and enjoy.
1	Seriously disgusted right now guys. I have been eating here for about 2 years and never had a complaint. Right now I don't even know if I dare eat this crap. I'm mad and to sum it up your place is filthy, flys all over, salsa bar is crusty and looks like it has not been cleaned in forever, your trash can is covered in multiple layers of filth, and when I asked for some fresh cucumbers your staff came out and put in new cucumbers then grabbed the old slimy ones and dumped them on top. Oh my God you must be kidding. The place is pretty busy and I'm surprised I'm the only one who seems to even notice.  Disgusting! The store in Phoenix by my hospital is clean, well maintained and has decent sense of cleanliness and well prepared food without the complimentary flys to go.
1	if I could give no star I would. So after my last disgusting visit I tried again on Tuesday after work. I really do want this place to be good because I have had good food and service before. Well, what can I say? It definitely was cleaner but still not great.The trash can was cleaner but still stained with red goo down it. Good Lord, buy a decent trash already.  I went in for Taco Tuesday which is 99cent tacos. So I order, and my total comes to $5-something. So I ask the girl why its almost $6 for 4 tacos. She points to the sign and yes there are new signs with a price increase. Okay, no problem, whatever. I tell her that for almost $6 I would rather have the carne asada burrito. Nobody was doing anything at that point (cooks) and she just looked at me for a second and said ya. YA?? What is that all about? Whatever at this point. So I get my food and it is by far the worst tacos I have ever had there in over two years. Nothing in them and extra greasy crap dripping all over. Well I guess if there is not too much in them, you basically get a grease soaked shell. So disgusting. I am done with this place and maybe if they get their crap together I will go back. No big loss.
