5	Great bar and place for mid-sized events. Once known as Jingles, the Coliseum Bar still holds on to the friendly reputation that it always has. The menu isn't quite typical bar food - everything seems to have a bit of a twist to make it a bit better. We've been very happy with the Ciabatta Bread sandwiches and the wings. The Nacho plate is great and huge - and all the sandwiches we've tried have been well above your regular bar food. Attended a large group banquette there a week or so back and the food was excellent. Great TVs to watch the games too!
2	Grade: D+The good service means their disgusting food gets to you sooner.
3	The one reason I go to this place is the Haystack burger. Absolutely fantastic. The burger is well seasoned and comes with cajun-spiced mayonnaise that is delicious. The fries that come with it are equally as good. I went at about 8 at night and the music from the bar was quite annoying, there isn't much in terms of ambiance, but it is certainly worth checking out just for the burger.Edit: The last time I was there the burger was not nearly as good as usual. The kitchen forgot to put the fried onions on our burgers, and when we asked our waitress for them they were not warm and seemed like they had been sitting around all day. Be sure to ask for extra sauce - its the best part but they don't give you much normally.
2	We went because we had a coupon, but we were still disappointed.  While the bar was hoppin' during "happy hour" the restaurant wasn't.  Now I know why.  The salad bar contained containers of  tired looking iceberg lettuce, orange colored tomatoes, mushy cucumbers and some carrots.  My food was also boring and uninspired.  The burger I had was overcooked.  The fries my boyfriend ordered were the highlight of the meal. That isn't saying much.   I would not eat here again.
3	Since remodeling - the Coliseum has a much updated look and a revamped menu. I like both, but I don't get that neighborhood bar feeling anymore that I used to get when we visited. The food we've eaten was very good - a good cut above what they used to serve even (which was decent already). The prices are a bit expensive - don't expect regular 'bar' prices anymore. I miss the old hand-out . . . but still like the new Coliseum Bar.
1	I went here because one of the other reviewers said there were fat people there.  However, I was sorely disappointed.  There were no fat people, just typical midwesterners and yes they were wearing khakis!  OMG!  But I was longin' for the ill-proportioned sights of morbidly obese peeps spilling out of over-worked dining chairs and bar stools that were screaming for mercy.   So I went to Olive Garden instead.  SCORE!
1	Visited again over the holidays. Ate dinner before meeting a bunch of friends. Had the fish fry. Fish was OK, but the fries were so salty that you couldn't even eat them. Waitress forgot my coleslaw too and I found out she had done the same to our friends who ate earlier. Bar staff was sort of hit and miss as well. Girl behind the bar was friendly, but when I asked her to turn on the hockey game she just said "I'll do that" and never got around to it. Guy behind the bar was pretty rude and worthless. I just get less impressed each time I go back.
1	I had never been to this bar, but some friends wanted to meet there so I did.     The outside looked better than the inside and the inside once you were in was really kinda boring.  Need pictures on the walls or something or colors.    Reminded me of a banquet hall.     I did not eat any food.The service was pretty bad.  I was actually in a seperate bar from the main one and they was 2 bartenders.  They both were good looking, but it stopped there.     Immediately when I got there, my friend was going to buy me a drink but instead walked to the main bar to get our drinks, because the 2 bartenders took forever to their drinks before.      When i finished my second drink, the bartender asked me if I wanted another one and I replied yes.  He went back to the bar and I watched him literally sitting there counting his tips!!   It took so long(10 min?) that I walked to the main bar where the service was better and then ordered a drink.  When I got back to my seat it appeared the bartender finally remembered my drink. What a good surprise??   I left an appropiate 25 cent tip.     My whole table of 7 was thinking of the bad service.      There is a alot of bars out there, not to mention ones with tvs.  Find another place.
3	Alright
3	Not sure if this is my third or fourth review of this place. Looking back since the night of the pretty bad fish fry - I realize I've been here a few more times (It's pretty close to my house) and things have improved. They have pretty good pizza - crisp and tasty. Last time we were there, had a perfectly poured Guinness and some nachos. Hard to screw up, but both were good. Seems like service is still hit and miss, but the place is ok. Just nothing jumping out to make me love it.
3	I had never been here before, a fact which greatly amused our bartender. I was not disappointed in our experience at all- good drink prices, great bar staff (seriously) and a really good reuben were all we needed to have a nice time.
3	I have been staying near by on business trips, and there aren't many options in the area.  Luckily, this place is passable.  The staff is pretty friendly, and the food has been fairly good for the most part (for bar food).  Nothing really jumps out as spectacular, but I will probably keep going back.
4	Home coming weekend. And packed crowd!I was in Madison for a wedding and the after party was here. The staff was pretty attentive considering the crowd. Got my local brewed beer and hung out with my friends.One of my friends got the nachos. They were huge! And really good. Instead of melted nacho cheese (which I can appreciate) they melted a bunch of shredded cheddar. And topped it with awesomeness. Loaded.I was told the waffle fries and the quesadilla was really good too.
2	A small group of us made the short trek from the Polar Plunge to the Coliseum this past Saturday; had it not been for the close proximity to the plunge event, we probably would've gone elsewhere, and in hindsight, should have.The place was a zoo, due to the Polar Plunge, so I wanted to cut them a little slack.  Even with the massive influx of people, I'm not so sure that I'd hurry back to the Coliseum Bar.  It appears to be quite dated and sorta' uninviting - clinical, almost.  Tap selection isn't anything to write home about, and the back bar area is limited to bottles/cans only (though they can mix drinks back there as well).  It was also a little pricey; 4 beers (2 taps (served in plastic cups), 2 bottles) were $18.There was a "DJ" blasting music the entire time, and neither he nor his sound system were very good... the sound was heavily distorted and lacking any fullness/bass.  Thankfully, we were standing in the back bar area, semi-shielded from the "music."Ultimately, we stayed for one beer, and then headed to the Wisco on Willy Street, where we enjoyed a great burger, a great selection of brews, and a better experience.
3	Good sports bar atmosphere....go there for beer 'n' Badgers, but not the food.  The nachos were the worst I've ever had--seriously.  And what was that other horrendous concoction?  Oh yes. PIZZA QUESADILLAS.  if it had been up to me, I wouldn't have ordered it, because...C'MON, MAN!  Pizza. Quesadillas.  Two words that have no business being next to each other.  And as expected...Really. Truly. Disgusting.But the Hopalicious was A-okay.
4	This place is pretty good. I've never had a bad meal until tonight. $17 for a less than edible prime rib. The slab of meat was gristly and got very cold very fast. The best part of the meal was the cream of mushroom and meatball soup. If I had known the meat was mediocre I would have just had a few cups of that wonderful soup
1	Just stopped in with family to enjoy Saturday afternoon meal with Living Social deal. First-other couple with is had own separate deal, and waitress wouldn't allow us to sit together with separate bills. The waitress acted like I she didn't need any tip, answering with 1 words and acting cocky. Then after throwing a fit, she came back and told us that Living Social made "a mistake and 20% was auto added to bill". A lie. When I asked "Manager" about it, he called out that there was an event across the street and they didn't even have to allow the deals. Btw, 3 other people in the place. How dumb of this place to lose my business as well as the other 50 people I will tell about this. Can't believe that they think they can treat families this way and still stay profitable. Unfortunately, I will make up for that 20% faster than they will. College dropouts running grills don't work, Owners!!!!
2	Since i wrote a review about the aweful prime rib and awesome cream of mushroom soup I have gone back a few times and not once did they have the soupe available. I am very disappointed so i just found my own recipe and made it myself. Ya snooze ya loose Coliseum!!
3	Pretty decent.  Nothing special but a solid place.  The interior is cold with no real decor.  It hots sand volleyball courts and league nights.  There are also outdoor tables with plenty of distance from the road that you can enjoy your meal.  This is a good no-frills sports bar.  It has great beer specials every night of the week.  I had lunch here.  It was a buffalo chicken caesar wrap with my choice of one of six sides.  I like options.  I ordered the seasoned waffle fries.  I was impressed with the wrap.  It was fresh with good flavor and a nice crunch.  I was pleasantly surprised by the food.  However, the comfort level is ok.  It is all just bar stools and linoleum.  All in all, it is a solid A-ok, three stars.
1	I went here a couple of months ago with a couple friends after an event at the energy center. We walked in and there was an empty table towards the front so we immediately sat down. The place was moderately busy, but not unmanageable. We talked while we waited for a server to bring us menus.... And waited.... And waited.... Half hour goes by and not even a "I'll be right with you" from any server. We weren't completely unnoticed though since one of the waitresses was talking to her friends the next table over and blatantly saw us there.So we got up and left. First & last time we will be here. Id say the staff is less than incompetent.
3	My girlfriends and I stopped here after a fun run. At first the service was just so so. The bartender seemed confused and impatient, not a fan to wait on us. But, after we mis-ordered our nachos, they swapped them out for us. I felt the love a bit more after that. :) The nachos were good, and big, the four of us couldn't finish them. It was super busy, but there is plenty of seating, inside and out.
