1	I really didn't want to take my child here, based on location alone.  But after trying to go to a CVS minute clinic and getting turned away since our child was 6 months old (minimum age is 18 months) we had no choice but to go to good night pediatrics.  The reason we need to go was because our chilkd had diarhea badly, and was developing a nasty diaper rash that appeared to be blistering.  We called our Dr. and they said we should take him to Urgent care.The receptionist at the front desk was very friendly.  But not one other person in that place was even remotely friendly.  The nurses were horrible and the Dr that saw us didn't seem to have a clue about babies.  When I asked waht we could do about the diarhea, he told me to stop feeding him!  Seriously????  He wrote us a scrpt for diaper cream and we left, horrified.  When I talked to my Dr. the next day, he said that he has heard at least one other family complain about that location.  The solution is to not stop feeding your child, but to switch him to a soy based formula.  When a child has diarhea the lactose in formula is too much for them to handle.  Hopefully this helps someone.  I know next time anyone in my family needs urgent care, I will drive into a better section of town!
5	This review is for the Northwest Valley Location (but I couldn't find it on here). (623) 241-9026; 8801 W Union Hills Dr Peoria, AZ 85382 ***Our 8 month old was acting irritable, angry, and had a high fever the night before. We were unable to get into our pediatrician's office until the next morning, so we were going to do a search for Urgent Care. My husband found a link to Good Night Pediatrics, an office that is open from 5pm-5am! What a godsend! This is exactly what we needed in order to find out what was wrong with our son, and to prevent another sleepless night. We called ahead of time, and they said to come right in. We got there, and there was no wait and the staff was very friendly. The paperwork didn't take long, and as soon as we were done filling it out, they took us right back and got us started. All of the staff was great, and the doctor took good care of us. The whole experience lasted no more than 40 minutes. The facility was clean, and kid-friendly, and had top of the line equipment. We definitely recommend Good Night Pediatrics to anyone who needs to take their child to a doctor after daytime hours.
1	This place is disgusting, I would not take my dog back to this place. The building is in poor condition, the bathrooms were covered in profanity and the doctor seemed like he was drunk. He repeated himself often and didn't seem too aware of his surroundings.
5	Great experience!  My child woke in the middle of the night with a throat so sore she expressed difficulty breathing.  It was 1:30 AM.  I could wait until our primary care physician opens at 8 AM and hope they can squeeze her in early.  Then I have to suffer with her through the whole night and take all 3 children to the doctors if/when we can get in or I can take her to urgent care.  I did a quick search and found that this place is only 3 miles from home.  SCORE!  We drove right over - easy to find, easy to park.  Walked right in.  There was no other patients there.  The receptionist was friendly and efficient.  We did have to wait about 15 minutes after filling out our paperwork to be called back but when we did the nurse and doctor were friendly, helpful and respectful.  My child tested positive for strep and they offered a shot of antibiotics so that I wouldn't have to pay another fee at the pharmacy, give medicine for week and drive to Ahwatukee to pick up said prescription and the nearest 24 hour pharmacy.  We were in and out within an hour and half and then my child was happy to have been taken seriously and that she would soon feel better.  She went home and back to sleep.  Awesome!
1	My daughter was seen last Sunday  for an ear infection. She has been complaining for over a week that her ear has been hurting her I noticed blood was coming out of her ear so I took her straight to the urgent care.  The doctor came and examined her ears and told me nothing was wrong. I asked him why was the blood coming out of her ear he told me in a tone that I need to stop poking around in my daughters ear. My husband and I were a little token back and shocked the way he had spoke to me. I explained to the doctor I was concerned and I was not poking around in her ear. There was blood clearly coming out of her ear. He said there was nothing wrong with her ear that I need to go to Walgreens or CVS and get decongestant because she sounds congested. This man seemed like he didn't want to help with anything. He looked in her ear for a few seconds and said nothing was wrong. Through the week my daughter is still with pain, I have been putting over-the-counter ear drop medicine in her ear. I took her back a doctor where she had a severe bacteria infection they explained to me that it's been here for sometime and don't understand how this doctor did not see it. They drained her ear a few times put her on medication, with further testing.  I am very disgusted and disappointed in this man. A person of this stature should not be working with children. His overall appearance was very unprofessional, his manner to speak to his patients was unacceptable. He told my daughter that she sounded congested my daughter smiled and said this is how I always talk I'm just tired. For my daughter to realize that this man didn't know what the hell he was talking about clearly proves my point. My paper works shows it was provider Jeffrey H Hill, MD  at south mountain Phoenix  325 E. Baseline rd 85042
1	Second visit with a different child for possible dehydration was HORRIBLE!  Same doctor as the first time but it was seriously a nightmare.
