5	Simply the best. Service which is friendly and swift, but above all--and most important to many--honest. No pressure for things you don't want (and most likely don't need). No work recommended which doesn't fit the requirement of "essential". Work done correctly the first time, at a cost which is fair and reasonable.I wish I had more Hondas. Worth the drive from wherever you are. Head and shoulders above the "dealer experience:.
5	I was referred to Select Import by Just Inspections down the street when I failed my emissions inspection.  Just Inspections first suggested I go to Toyota (the dealership, as my car as a Camry) because they thought my car's issues might be covered under the Toyota recall.  Turns out my car was too old of a model, but I found it very impressive that Select suggested that instead of just doing the repair and taking the money.Toyota could have repaired my car, but I called Select again and they quoted me several hundred dollars less than the Toyota dealership, so I went back to them.  Car was taken care of quickly and efficiently. I had to drive the car another 30+ miles to be re-tested for emissions, but Select told me to come back and they'd check it out for me (free) before I had it reinspected. So I did, they checked it out quickly, and I passed my inspection.This is a fabulous place with great customer service  - especially Stephanie who I dealt with the whole time (and who also talked me through some stressful situations at the Toyota dealership). Id go there again in an instant and highly recommend it.
5	Somebody pinch me, an auto repair place that is a joy to deal with?  Thanks to Jon, Stephanie & Jeremy, I can only drive Hondas, Toyotas or Acura because that is all they work on and I won't go anywhere else.
5	Super Service- In and Out. Remembered my name and came and actually sat down next to me to chat about my vehicle. When I found out I needed tires I asked her opinion on what type to get and where to go and she offered to price them out for me and send them to me in an email. I will definitely go back again!
5	i'm new to the area (by only a month), and in the worst week of my life my van's power sliding door decided to have a mind of its own. it opened randomly (thankfully while stationary) and would not close. so for 2 weeks, we had to move our daughter's car seat to the other side and climb over her if we needed to get to the back seat or move the seat over again. annoying!i did some research online and saw that toyota service repair was useless, as usual, so i opted to try my luck with yelp's network of reviews. i feared taking it in seeing that a lot of people were complaining about $1500+ service repairs for the door. but...i thought i would test my faith on yelp. i happened upon select import auto service, and i brought my van in today. boy howdy! they are the cat's pajamas when it comes to great service!i had them look at the door, change the oil, adjust the squeaky a/c belt and check the maintenance light. they did all of this, including the door for only $65! they recommended a collision repair place for our door, since it seemed that the door needed to be realigned, but (man!) i am so glad i didn't have to pay a cent to have it fixed. they did what they called an "initialization procedure" which fixed the issue. genius! so if you are looking for some awesome customer service and don't want to be swindled, check these guys out!
5	If you take a moment to read all the reviews of this place you really can't go wrong.  What a rarity to find an Autoshop that is actually honest, friendly, caring & helpful.My boyfriend has a Toyota and the first time we came was for his car and they really went above and beyond to help him.My experience happened last week when I had to take a last minute trip 14 hours in my car.  Firestone didn't have time to change my oil & rotate the tires of my Volvo so in desperation I called Select Import and asked them if it was at all possible that they could help me out even though they don't typically work on Volvos. Stephanie just laughed and said of course and made me an appt for 2pm the next day.  They were fast, helpful an most importantly affordable.If I could I would trade my car in just so I could get a brand they can work on.
1	Man I hate to do this!  So after all that raving...$70 for an oil change & tire rotation and they said that because my tires were bowed that it would make some noise, but that it wouldn't affect my safety level.  No problem.Now the car has been making a TON of noise.  So we took it back in to another shop and they said that the wheel was falling off!  Whoever had put the tires on the last time didn't tighten the lug nuts properly.Not only is that scary due to the fact that the tire could have actually fallen off and someone could have gotten severely hurt--someone could have actually died.  I really held this place to a higher standard.
5	We have been loyal customers of John and his crew for many years.  For anything more than a basic oil change we bring our Toyotas and Hondas to them for repairs and maintenance.  The customer service is excellent, and I need to make a special mention of Stephanie who primarily works in the front of the house.We run a small business and our company vehicles put on a lot of miles each year.  We entrust our vehicles to Select Import Auto because we believe that they give us the best opportunity to keep them on the road.
4	We have taken our cars to Select Imports for the past couple of years, including major 60K servicing.  They do everything that the manufacturer recommends at a much better price than the dealership.  I always feel that I can trust them and they don't try to sell you on unnecessary services. They've been great to work with.
3	I took my Lexus in to have the timing belt and water pump done.  They gave me an estimate (took about 25 min for the estimate, it was ~$850).  They had a nice service to drive you to the light rail (in your own car) if you want to take it to go somewhere or go home.  As an experiment, I left a $20 bill under the driver seat to see if it would still be there when I picked up my car.  I guess I'm not that surprised that it was not still there.  For this reason, I knocked off 2 stars (thought about knocking off 3, but they do have good prices, have the light rail benefit, and were very friendly at the front desk).  I suppose I don't know how well they did in the quality of the maintenance/repair work since there is no way for me to know, but if I have any problems I will be sure to update this post.
2	This place... meh, there are better places in town. Here's the deal: I walked in and told the guy behind the desk what I wanted done: preventive maintenance, tire rotation and oil change. He seemed confused that I'd found the place myself. "Normally, we get referrals from the tire place next door," he said. Okayyy.... uh, that's cool, I guess? Then he asked how I'd found them. "Internet searches, Yelp," I said. He seemed confused as to what Yelp is. Baffling.They did get my car done in the time they had promised and they essentially gave me a free diagnostic, which was nice. Oil change and tire rotation came out to $55, basically the standard retail price. Here's where it gets stupid: they wanted to charge me $90/hour for labor and triple mark-up on the parts in order to replace the serpentine belt and water pump. I know that mechanics mark up parts, but triple is ridiculous. I called around and ended up getting a quote from Gino's in Plaza Midwood for 30% less. Still a slight mark-up, but pretty much right down the middle, with reasonable labor costs. So, I'm going to Gino's instead.Peace out, Select Import. For your next customer, learn about this thing called Yelp and competitive pricing on parts and service.
1	Brought my car in for a noise under the hood and an oil change. They diagnosed it for a bad serpentine belt and would be 550 for the repair and oil change. So I approved and left my car overnight. I got it the next day and had the same noise. So your telling me the mechanic didn't hear it again after replacing the serpentine belt?? Called in and set an appointment at 10 for Saturday. Lester said no problem and he'll call me later with the issue. He never told me they are closed at 1 on Saturday and reopen on Tuesday!! So I was with out my car for 4 days and the water pump which was the initial problem would be another 500 however they deducted the labor for the water pump from my first repair which saved 175 but in my opinion I still paid for something that wasn't the problem. I also requested on Saturday that the driver visor be replaced and by Tuesday at 5 the part still hadn't came in. Screw it, give me my car and get me the hell out of here. Lester did give me  free exterior car wash at Auto Bell so I have that going for me (whoopiedido). Lester seems clueless and isn't very helpful explaining quotes and his service isn't great. I had to call and check on my car, and I had to remind him to email a quote, I had to show up to see if my car was ready, I had to, I had to, I had to... This is my first yelp review but I don't want anyone to make the mistake I did. Steer clear! Dang cars, why can't they run forever Kyle.
