5	I have said it on other sites and will repeat here. You MUST try their burgers. They are juicy and delicious with a bun that is perfect. Another must are the fries with Guinness gravy and if you haven't had enough go for the ultimate sleeper, Leek and potato soup. Authentic black & tans. Harp and Murphys on tap. It don't get no better. This is a true gem my friends.
4	Be warned. Don't expect the best service ever. It's not the cleanest place you've been in either. The decor is soccer jerseys from places and teams you've probably never heard of. It's divey, eclectic, and authentic. If you're looking for good Irish food and a cold pint, you can't go wrong at the Pour House. Like most of Carnegie's Main St, this is a hidden gem worth seeking out. They have some of the best Irish food I've had in Pittsburgh- the colcannon is awesome and the shepherd's pie is out of this world. If you're not looking for Irish food, then try the grilled cheese- and make sure you ask it with the three cheeses together. It's big and the cheese is thick and gooey. I get it with a side of potato pancakes... Yum. Also, they have Guinness, Smithwicks and Harp on tap...
1	If I could give this place less than one star, I would. I have no idea who gave this place high reviews but they must either own the place or be time travelers from back in the day when this place might not have sucked. The decor is tired and grimy, the place reeked of smoke, and the bartender/server was surly, to put it mildly. We went there on a Saturday night with a mind to try the Irish food. Apparently, we were out of luck. I've always thought that the secrets of restaurant success is to actually stock food for people to eat. He told us before we ordered that they had no "pies". No chicken pot pie, no shepherds pie, etc. So, we gamely tried to order other things. We placed our order. My wife, for example, ordered the Irish stew and he came back 5 min later telling us they were out of that and even more things for several people in our party. At that point my wife picked out a third option, ham and cabbage, only to be told again that "they were out". At that point, realizing that the only food to be had in the place was what was crusted on the menus, we asked to pay for our drinks and left. They actually then gave us flack for not having enough to put it on a debit card. In short, unless you like your dinner with a side of disappointment and depression, I'd probably avoid this place like the plague. Speaking of the plague, I suppose we should thank Mr. Surly for inspiring us to walk out. I only have two bathrooms at my house and would've been hard pressed to accommodate several violently ill people at once.
4	Best Irish food in the Burgh.  Great bar food too.  The service is maybe a bit surly and it's not the cleanest, nor the best decor.  But, that's not what this place is about.  It's a town Irish bar and it serves great solid Irish fare and suds to the locals.  And it does it better than anyone.  I go back again and again.
2	Okay, so hopefully you haven't been enjoying happy hour @ Riley's Pour House before you read this or you might not be able to follow the lilting Irish owners. To recap: Murphy's Pour House from 1979-1985. Sullivan's Pour House from 1995-2002. Paddy's Pour House from 2002-2012. And, bagpipe please, Riley's Pour House opens March 1 of 2012. Still with me?It's a tiny long bar just like the old Irish pubs. No more smoking allowed. Hurrah!!!  Same lousy service. My guess is that the entire place needs (no, strike that .... demands) an automated food/beverage ticketing system. None of the cooks, bartenders, or waitresses know who ordered what nor what ticket belongs to which table. It's actually pretty funny if you're not a) hungry or b) thirsty. I really really want this place to do better. We need more Irish pubs and local old time watering holes. Get it together, Murphy's ... er, I mean Sullivan's....er, I mean Paddy's or is it Riley's? ;  ).  Whatever the case, they have cold Guinness. And Irish music.  And fun patrons.
