5	$10 SMOG!!!! That is the cheapest in town! I seriously doubt any other smog check place is cheaper. If you use credit/debit it's a $1 charge.....so I paid $11 which is still a bargain. I will admit..I have never gone to these guys for anything else but I'm sure they're great. Family owned and very friendly and helpful. I actually plan on taking my truck over there for a free break inspection sometime this week...if they piss me off I will update this review haha!
3	I really like this place for the $10 smog check. If you don't pay cash it will run ya $11.00 because they charge that extra dollar for you to use your credit/debt card. Never used them for anything else, but they are always busy.
4	Great spot to get your smog check done prices are amazing $15!!!
1	Our car overheated on the freeway and we brought it in to My Auto.  They said it was a bad Head Gasket, and the vehicle only had 40,000 miles on it, so that seemed strange to me.  They wanted to charge me $1,600 for a new head gasket...I took it to a different auto mechanic near by and they said it was NOT the Head Gasket, but the water pump that cost me 400.00.  They said that even if it was the Head Gasket, it would have cost me $700.00 (max.), but they said it was just fine and that the water pump went out.  I was discouraged and brought my car to the second auto shop.  They fixed it for under 400.00 and it has been running great ever since.  I have not, and will not not go back to My Auto.  I do not appreciate being taken advantage of, especially by auto mechanics.  Please be careful, and if it seems like too much get a second opinion.  Good Luck.
1	Hands down WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE I HAVE EVER EXPERIENCED IN MY LIFE!! Girl working was a complete BITCH!!! Honestly never been treated like that anywhere! She was extremely rude to the man in front of me and when it was my turn I just said what are the chances of me getting out of here by 8:30-8:40? I had to be to work. She said well it takes 40 min to do an oil change. Uh what?! Are your mechanics idiots? I could change it myself faster than that. So I said why does it take so long? She rolled her eyes at me and sighed. Really?! I said "you need to work on your customer service skills you are being a complete bitch to everyone!" And walked out. Never will I ever return here again. Too bad, considering I had a decent experience last time. I suggest they fire her ass if they don't want to lose more business. Ugh. I give this negative stars, so angry I'm still shaking.
5	Wonderful customer service throughout the whole shop! Affordable prices. What's not to love!
1	I came to this place originally to get an emissions test earlier this week, it was quick and cheap, the receptionist was great.  So I decided to bring my car in on Wednesday , April 2nd.  I was going to have a synthetic oil change along with my front breaks done.  You get a free tire rotation when you purchase an oil change which I thought was great since I had just purchased mine November of last year.The receptionist was great as usual, she stated I would receive a call when the work was done and everything would be done in two hours, Juan who was one of the people I spoke with said the same thing, two hours and we will contact you.  I dropped my car off at 10:30 AM, I never received a call from either of them.  I called at 3:00 PM ( the time I was off work ) and they said my car was ready.  I paid 399.99 which I thought was a good deal for my two front brakes, rotors, and oil change.  It beat the dealership by about 100 dollars. As I drove off my steering wheel started to violently shake, because of this my car turned into the next lane and almost caused me to be in an accident with a public bus.  I immediately called and spoke to Juan, he stated nothing could be wrong with the car because they test drove it and everything was fine.  I told him I would bring the car back, at this point I was upset because I was already off work and was trying to beat traffic along with the pouring rain that was coming in.  I got to the shop, I test drove it with a really nice individual who actually had great customer service.  He noticed the steering wheel was shaking violently and he said they were going to see what was wrong.One of the weights had fell off one of the wheels and they failed to put it back on.  They were able to place the weight back on, but how do you miss this? What upset me the most is that Juan had told me they had test drove the car and it was fine, obviously they never test drove it because if they had they would've definitely noticed the steering wheel had a mind of its own.  This could've caused an accident to anyone.  Another thing, there was no accountability, no one ever admitted fault on their end, no one apologized, I was never compensated for having to stay there an extra hour of my time.Use this place for an emissions test but refrain from anything else, they have decent customer service but if someone is going to be this absent minded when dealing with your car, it's like driving around in a death trap.
3	Fast and cheap smog test. I came here on a Friday and from what I was told is their busiest day. I walked into the office and there was about 3 people ahead of me waiting to be serviced. The girl behind the desk seem a little short with me but they were very busy and she needed to quickly gather all of my information and see what work I needed. So I understood. All I needed was a smog test and she said it would be about 15 minutes. But with all those people waiting around I figured the wait would be more like 30 - 40 minutes. Sure enough she was right and 15 minutes later my car was done. The girl was very nice and I'm glad I came here. I only did the smog test which cost $15 but they're also a full service shop so I will defiantly come back again for service on my cars.
4	Good service shop for basic things like a smog or quick oil change.. Prices decent, about $16 for a smog and $28 for an oil change.
5	4th time here and still the best service I've received. Being a mechanic myself, I am fully satisfied with the work and service I am consistently given at My Auto Service.
1	Good for an oil change, but nothing else. Went to get AC fixed; spent around $1700. After some back and forth and several visits, they did install a new condenser; however, they did not flush my system (must be done when changing any part of AC). I finished the job myself, which I was trying to avoid. AC works now. Never going back!
1	went there for rear brakes on my pt cruiser for brakes drums and two new cylinders they wanted to charge me five hundred dollars yes five hundred for a brake job I told the guy I can,t believe he can look at me with a straight face and say that went to auto zone new brakes $20.00 life time warranty drums $20.00 a piece life time warranty two new cylinders $25.00 each and brake fluid total $137.00 wanted to charge me $60.00 each drum $140.00 for two cylinders and $$239.00 for brakes and fluid but they offer brake jobs for $89.99 what a joke cost me $239.00 for whole job paid neighbors son $100.00 to do the job stay away from these people no good !!!!!!!!! never will go back
5	Really great family type service, although very busy and lots of customers. We came in Sat morning and they did our smog, and for $5 more you can get all your fluids topped off..so I was going to do that and the guy started checking and said all your fluids are topped off already, you don't need anything. They didn't charge me for that either. Really busy place but affordable and honest.
