4	Real excited to have this place so close to my house.  Good food, ok prices, decent happy hour - all good things to have within walking distance.I went here tonight (Thursday) at about 7:30 and the place was pretty crowded with only a few tables open.  My party of 3 was seated promptly.  The place has only been open for a few days and it was pretty apparent.  The kitchen staff and the wait staff weren't in synch and it took forever for the food to come out.  We also requested that the salads come out before the pizza and it all arrived at the same time.  Not a super huge deal because the place just opened and are still figuring stuff out.* Wedge salad - this isn't your typical wedge but I thought it was very good.  It is served with ranch, gorgonzola crumbles, tomatoes and red onion.  The standard blue cheese dressing and crumbles were absent as was the bacon.  I would order this again.*  Caprese - this also wasn't a standard Caprese of the type you find everywhere.  Here, you are served some fresh bread, whole cherry (I think) tomatoes, burrata cheese atop some pesto and balsamic vinegar.  Everything was fresh and excellent and made for a great combination of flavors.  It was, however, very difficult to eat because the tomatoes were whole and the cheese sticky.  I can't really explain it but I just wish it was all cut up for me.-- The Pizza --The pizzas are probably 10-12 inches and perfect to share.  The crust is excellent and probably the best part of the pizzas I tried.* Margarita pizza - this was just ok.  The fresh mozzarella is excellent but some slices were lacking in the cheese department.  I say just cover the thing with the stuff.* Chicken parmesan pizza - I have no idea why I ordered this.  I normally don't fall for pizzas like this but the rest of the group wanted it.  I tend to stick to the basics.  Anyway, it was also just ok.  Each piece was perfectly covered with cheese and little pieces of chicken parmesan but it was just ok.I can't wait to return to try some of their other pizzas.  I have a thing for lots of meat on my pizza and my wife enjoys veggies so it will be interesting to see what we settle on next because they have tons of options.All-in-all I can say that this place is a solid addition to the neighborhood and I will definitely be back.
3	(The continuing story of a yelp-loving couple seeking great locally owned joints, friendly service and a comfortable atmosphere for playing Magic the Gathering...)Randomly hit this place at the end of our time on a Sunday before we had to go pick up our toddler from her playschool.  Little awkward as it looked like a meetup was going on at the bar and someone mistakenly thought they knew me.  The place is dark, brick, nice semi-circle bar for the more drink-leaning patrons.  For us, it was kind of loud and the tables were definitely on the small side.We headed to the back of the place (average small/bistro sized joint with a small outside seating area) away from the bar.  Ordered the Goat Cheese pizza to split - I think they are about 11" so good size for this.  Food came out pretty quickly and was good.  Didn't blow me away, but soild.  Nice to see ricotta and goat cheese as options though.  I must say, I was more impressed with the service.  Four different attendants in plain clothes hit every table interchangeably.  Never had to wait for anything, including drop off and pick-up of the check (always a major Tsk Tsk point...) so kudos to them on that.Unfortunately, not a good contender for our tastes and not the atmosphere we are looking for.  But I could see the meetup at the bar was lively so a nice place for some.  MTG Score: DH 1 / Me 2
3	New restaurant with a few bugs to work out. Our server was new and not completely at ease with the menu, the pricing, the specials.  Food was good, but experience left something to be desired. Glad HP is in the hood, but fix it quickly.
2	Excited at first to try some Humble pies, however, my experience was a bit different than expected.  I went during lunch time, not as busy as it could be but a good crowd of lunch goers.  They have an "express" lunch menu for about $10..pizza and either soup or salad.  Well, service was really slow in getting the food out, especially a ceasar salad.  The salad came probably 15 -20 minutes later (seemed LONG), and then right after (like a minute!) the pizza.  The salad had HUGE chunks of celery which was weird to me since it's a Ceasar salad.  Tasty salad though minus celery.  The pizza, oven baked and thin.  Good not great.  Cheese was odd.  They had cleared my table and I was waiting for awhile, server had gone around my table yet too busy to come over and had to ask for the check.  Umm...if someone ordered on the express lunch menu probably means eat and go.  I was there for an hour or so, so not really express in my humble opinion.
4	Decided to try a new establishment next to my bank. Saw these "now open" signs. Went in and loved the decor, staff, and ambiance. Looked over the menu, saw that they had more than pizza on the menu. Decided on a meat lovers pizza and soup, which happened to be a lunch special. Had the steak and turkey chili soup. It was spiced just right. Pizza was great too. Fresh mozzarella was a pleasant surprise. I will be returning to try other menu items!
1	Letdown! We often frequent the Desert Ridge location, so we were looking forward to trying out a closer Humble Pie.  We came in on a Sunday night.  It was steady but nothing out of control.  It took a while for our server to greet us and take our drink orders.  She seemed agitated from the start that she had to take another table.. but isn't that the way she is supposed to make a living?  We started off with a Buffalo Chicken Pizza.. enjoyed it but then quite some time passed before our entrees came out.. Lasagna (always a favorite at the other location), Burger and a Salad.  The Lasagna came out cold and so did the Burger.  We only expected a salad to come out that way.  Our server seemed even more annoyed that we asked nicely if we could have our food warmed up.  She had the lasagna and fries with the burger reheated but made smart ass comments as she returned the food.  Our drinks were not refilled nor were we asked if we'd like to get another beer or desert.  I understand they recently opened but I would hope they would work out the kinks before their own staff would mistreat good customers.  Looks like we will be heading back to the Desert Ridge location to get our Humble Pie fix!
4	Disclaimer:  I really, really want this location to work because it's so close to home.  Having said that, our waiter honestly was very attentive and professional.  I actually liked the pizza better here because it was cooked Well Done vs the Less Done the Desert Ridge kitchen has always put out.  The greeter didn't seem ready for prime time yet, freezing us all out by propping open the front door and seating us boozing Happy Hour-ers against families with small children in a half empty restaurant.  This can easily be worked out though, and wouldn't stop me from coming anyway.  I'll let you all know how things evolve, but I'm keeping my fingers crossed!
4	I had dinner here with some friends last week was thrilled this location was just as good as the others. Seriously folks the best pepperoni pizza anywhere. Best wishes to the HP Greenway staff.
4	I went here for the first time and it was pretty crowded, which i usually take as a good sign. We were seated right away. The place is not that big so the tables are pretty close to one another so if you like your own space, then maybe you ought to try elsewhere. We started out with the Caprese (sp) and it was AMAZING! their pesto sauce has so much flavor and i LOOOOVED their cheese!! Then we got some wings and their wings ar so meaty and delicious. Im not a big fan of chicken and i usually like mt wings burnt to the bone so i dont taste the flavor (weird, i know) but their wings were pretty great. AND that freaking hot sauce they have is not really hot BUT IT IS BY THE FAR THE MOST DELICIOUS sauce i have had...EVER! I'd go back just for that if everything else sucked. Then, my boyfriend got the shrimp pizza (shrimp on pizza!?) and I got the chicken pesto. I didnt like either of them. shrimp is just not meant to go on pizza. it doesnt mesh well and their was a sweet kick to it, which my taste buds were just not feeling. The chicken peso was TOO chickeny! it had wayyyyyyyy too much chicken. but the crisped onions on top were delish! Our waiter, i wish i could remember his name, but he was an older gentleman with glasses and he was so great! I will be requesting him every time i go there again. Overall, I was very happy with this place. I'll just have to try different pizza's next time
4	My wife and I went here for lunch this weekend.  I got their 1/2 salad and 1/2 sandwich combo.  There aren't as many sandwich options as I would have liked so I tried the chicken one.  It was ok but not memorable.  A real piece of grilled chicken (not sliced/processed stuff) and some peppers.  It was ok.  The bread was good though.  For my salad I got the wedge and it was excellent.  Crisp and creamy just the way I like it.Also, at about 8-9 bucks per meal it is a relative bargain.  I will return.
5	Great friendly staff.    Fantastic lunch specials and best IPA in town on tap.  Sundays are great for families too.  Kids eat free.  Don't miss the fig and prosciutto pie.  To die for.
4	Really, really enjoyed dinner here...my wife and I had calamari, the fennel salad and 2 pizzas (forgot which ones..).  Really fresh tasting ingredients, nice menu choices and nice atmosphere.   Service was spot on too!!
5	You'll read in many of these reviews that people are excited about this location being close to home, and that probably sways the rating considerably. Normally I would have an issue with that, but in the case of this Humble, it's merited. It's a relief to have a decent pizza and non-sports bar so close, without having to negotiate the traffic of a kierland commons or scottsdale quarter. Look, the pizza is nice, it's humble pie not Bianco or Pomo, it's consistent though. The rest of the menu is also good, I really like the burgers and the salads are awesome.In my opinion, one of the best happy hours around, especially on Monday when they offer half price on bottles of wine!
4	The Kierland Humble Pie is hands down my favorite place in the neighborhood.  We usually go for happy hour.  The servers always treat us well, and the happy hour food is always excellent.  My favorite are the chilled green beans, coated in this (I believe) dijon dressing....so good, so good for you and something no one else has.  I may have mentioned before the pizzas here are better than the Desert Ridge location which I always thought undercooked their pizzas a bit.  My clan doesn't like to go, though.  They don't like the lack of decor in this location, and I'll admit the place could use more personality.  I compensate by suggesting Humble Pie every single time someone asks where to go, so things average out.  One day that artwork Humble Pie has on order with Amazon will arrive, then five stars from me!
4	Regardless of which HP I go to, I am happy with the food...except for the chicken wings.  blah.  They're soggy.  But the pizza!  Love them!  as well as the chopped salad.
3	This was my third visit to this location. I went for date night for my third visit and must say it's a good deal, but service was lousy.  We were seated quickly and served drinks. Was told the appetizer of raviolis came with six but only five were on the plate when served. Salads were good but chopped celery in a caesar salad? The Margherita pizza was ok. The cheese was unevenly distributed on the pizza and the sauce did not cover the crust evenly. speaking of crust, the outer edge was very bulky and burnt. Everyone working seemed to be in a hurry to get their sidework done and get out. No teamwork from other servers as far as bussing and saying hello to guests other than their own. Our server seemed lost or frazzled. Might go back but this could be a typical crash and burn place as far as service.
4	Great place, not as crowded as their other locations, neighborhood gem !
4	We found this restaurant  on YELP while on vacation. Great salads-wonderful pizza. We split a large salad between 6 of us and three pizzas. We did order two appetizers and had a 2 bottles of wine. Extremely well priced. We will come back for sure next time we are on the area.
1	Terrible. This spot was going to be the kind of spot I could get quick dinner on a hectic weeknight with my Family. Not So! The Calamari was extremely tough and did not taste fresh. The pizza was just bad. It did not have layers of texture or taste in any way. Just black bottomed and crisp. Not burnt, but a strong sour burnt taste. The center was underdone and very soggy. Just a bad meal. This was my first time eating in, second time actually eating the Pizza. Both pizza's were a TERRIBLE let down.
5	I eat here often, sourdough burger is great, so is express lunch. Can't go wrong with the SOP or meat lovers pizza. Chopped is my favorite salad!
4	Most people go here for the pizza, but I love the fries and wine...especially during happy hour :)
4	I have been to various Humble Pie locations a total of 3 times. In my opinion, their best offer is their lunch special of salad and pizza. It is fairly priced and good eating. :)
5	Excellent food. Tuna Melt was delicious. The veggie pizza was amazing and the pizza with shrimp had a nice kick. Jeremy S must be making up his story because everything about this place was great
4	Wow this place was pretty awesome...cute lil neighborhood joint with very good pizza.I am used to great eats in L.A., where I live, but this I wish this place was near me.First off, they have FREE kids meals with each adult entree purchase on certain nights. I think we were there on a Sunday evening. We got like 4 FREE kids meals, which helps when you have a caravan of kiddoes...The pizzas and salads were surprisingly good... we tried a caesar salad, and 3 different pizzas, I can not remember what they were, sorry, but the crust was perfect and the toppings fresh and good. With a cold brew (cute little friendly bar set up too) you really can't go wrong.
4	Definitely met expectations. We had been wanting to try this place for weeks as a location opened up just blocks from our house, glad we finally got around to it. We sat on the patio because the dining room was cold and crowded especially for a Wednesday night in a suburban area. there was a barrier between the tables and the parking lot so it kept most of the headlights and noise out. Appetizer was the caprese burrata which was a mild let down because they give you a very small amount of burrata and it's already out of the shell, not like the photo at all. Still tasty though. Pizzas were fig & prosciutto and BBQ chicken. Fig & prosciutto definitely won that contest. Our waitress was a little sullen and dressed very casually in shorts that were more than a little short and tight , we noticed this about the staff , they were all dressed in street clothes. You couldn't tell who was a staff member and who was a guest. we found this odd mostly because the women either had bra straps hanging out, jeans that were torn and dirty, or shorts that were far too short or tight. Caused most patrons to stare and make comments as they walked by. Maybe this should be addressed? It definitely takes away from the ambiance.Food was good enough to bring us back again. We will try happy hour next time.
5	Ate dinner here tonight. Fantastic atmosphere and food. The happy hour specials are fantastic and the food is perfection. Good wine and a good time! Also, there was a live musician, Cameron, playing on the patio and he was the perfect addition to the atmosphere. Highly recommend!
4	Loved the salad with strawberries.  YUMMMMMMMY
5	Great food and great service.  The Strawberry Salad is wonderful!  The patio is pet friendly and we sat back and enjoyed our meal on a little loveseat with a coffee table.  Very nice atmosphere!
4	Tried the apple/fig bruschetta... now I'm hooked.  I have to get it every single time.  Food is excellent.  The service is usually pretty good.  And kids eat free on Sundays (at least I think it's Sunday's).
4	Good food and good service.Had the sausage pizza and fried ravioli, both were good.  They had some type of plumbing issue that made the restaurant smell bad, but we ate on the patio so the smell didn't bother us.  We will probably return in the future.
1	Honestly was Horrendous. I first walked in and it had an awful scent of Sulfur. We ordered a Pizza and Salad and the Employee gave us our bill. We had a group-on, and he needed to change the Price because of Tuesday "deals", and it ended up costing us more to use the group-on, then to just pay out of pocket. So we asked for the manager.WOAH. A Completely unprofessional Bald man approached us and began to RAISE his voice while telling us he does not agree with us on questioning the bill. He then stormed off and came back. After asking him what the smell of the restaurant was, he replied " yes it is sulfur" I will Definitely not be going to ANY humble pie Locations, Due to unprofessional service, Horrendous smell, and overall an unpleasant experience.
1	Where do I start? I honestly rarely leave a bad review and never had a bad daily deal site coupon experience before. Lets start from the moment I walked in. Actually rewind before that so you get the whole picture. After playing a softball game I was starving and did not want to cook at home. So I pulled out my trusty phone and wizz to my daily deal coupon app I had at Humble Pie. Literally I drive across town to eat here with my mouth watering. As I walked in the door I get hit with a funky smell. At first I thought it could of been me since I was playing softball in 110F weather but wait it wasn't  me! The smell was sewage. I pulled up my pants said well I drove across town and I am starving so I will just ignore it. After I waited for about 5 min no one came to seat me so I just sat myself at a table. About 10 min after that I finally had a waiter come over and take my order. Must of been a test to see if you really could stand the smell (like one of those hidden camera shows).  I went to the bathroom to wash my hands before I got my meal. The bathroom was below average. Was not horrible but more like college dorm room bathroom where you are happy you have soap and roll toilet paper. The food came out pretty quickly after that. The salad and pizza I thought were pretty small servings more like kid menu items but I did not care since I was starving but it tasted alright. At the end I waived my waiter down to pay the bill. I told him I had a daily deal site coupon and he said no problem since your bill was below $20 you just have to cover tax. The waiter said he would have to get the manager to run the promotion deal. The waiter came back 5 mins later and said well you ordered a special so you cant use your daily deal site coupon unless you pay full retail. I was thrown back with this because I did not order special but just an everyday item. I asked to speak to the manager. The manager came over, I told him what happen. The manager was confrontational about the situation which totally threw me off track. I was like dude your place smells of sewage, bathrooms could be cleaned more than 1 time a day, someone could greet you as you walk in and lastly,  learn to  manage the situation better. In the end I debated with the manager for about 5 min over the situation and paid the tab to get out of there. So for over $5 disagreement over the bill this company has lost a customer for life.
5	They were busy when we came in so we sat at the bar and had the BEST service! Came in right at the end of Happy Hour but got a round of drinks and appetizer at the HH price. I had the meat lover pizza and Hubby had the sourdough burger and both were amazing and delicious!
2	I'm giving them two stars because I have had good experiences up to this point and I have enjoyed their happy hour menu, but I will not plan to go back.Read review by Alex M.  Manager is confrontational.  I agree.  Read our experience and found the same situation with the "Manager".  Man needs some training.I went there with some girlfriends and we got there on a Fri night at 5:30.  I got seated right away and my server came up immediately for service.  I ordered a drink off the happy hour menu and my server said he couldn't make the drink because he doesn't have all the ingredients available.  Very matter of fact - I was like - ok.....and then he offered another drink option which I took.  Just kind of weird that he didn't start with I'm sorry, but we can offer you this instead.My girlfriends started to arrive and again the server was right there to help.  I asked one of my friends while our server was there if she bought the Groupon coupon.  She said yes and  he then interrupted us and told us that if we are going to use the groupon we had to let them know up front and to not expect to be able to use it for Happy Hour and so if we are going to "pound down" a bunch of happy hour items and then expect to use the Groupon we can't.  He proceeded to tell us we better order food at the regular price to get our bill "up there" and that he is going to get real busy and doesn't want to have his time "wasted" nor our time wasted when we are ready to pay the bill.  We were so floored my girlfriends told him to wait on their drink order and he left.  We decided to leave and asked one of the other servers if the manager was around.  Low and behold our server was the manager.  He came back and we told him that he was rude and used a very poor choice of words when telling us how to use the Groupon coupon.  He started arguing with us about what he said.   And also started telling us about how great he is and that he had someone just tell him the previous day what a great experience they had.  Who cares.  No matter how he felt he should have apologized and then offered maybe a free appetizer or drink for the misunderstanding instead of arguing.
3	Thanks to Groupon we found this place.  It was pouring rain so we opted to dine in.  There's a large patio available for dining outside during better weather.  After we browsed the menu, we ordered:2 Bruschetta, (Roasted Peppers, Goat Cheese, Tomato Jam) & (Proscuitto, Figs, Mascarpone Cheese, Red Pepper Jam), $6.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/humble-pie-scottsdale-2?select=ET1UiS66hd9cNppzO9hkQw#ET1UiS66hd9cNppzO9hkQwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/humble-pie-scottsdale-2?select=R55kRv_cMo9Soo98eZHeqg#R55kRv_cMo9Soo98eZHeqghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/humble-pie-scottsdale-2?select=bGwF8py_LT4wZCUMMna1fA#bGwF8py_LT4wZCUMMna1fAWedge Salad, $8.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/humble-pie-scottsdale-2?select=HE8WeFqH0Vz2eftaXi_y6g#HE8WeFqH0Vz2eftaXi_y6gPepperoni Pizza, $12.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/humble-pie-scottsdale-2?select=T_VI9dF5y2oaFobIVzQ7uA#T_VI9dF5y2oaFobIVzQ7uAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/humble-pie-scottsdale-2?select=biSkT_oMxGcDNMmmuWVdBQ#biSkT_oMxGcDNMmmuWVdBQRosenblum Zinfandel, $7.50http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/humble-pie-scottsdale-2?select=GE9jElKmLKS726kjjOB25Q#GE9jElKmLKS726kjjOB25QThe server didn't take notes during the order and didn't remember to put in that I wanted the Wedge Salad to come out with the Bruschetta.  So what happens?  They bring it out with the Pizza.  When I mentioned it to the runner, she said "It wasn't input that way" and walked off...no apology, ok.  I don't know why servers don't take notes...whenever a server stands there and tries to memorize our order, I know it will end up screwed up 80% of the time....they'll forget a detail or two.  Write it down and get it right!So the service here is less than stellar.  Good thing the food is good.  The Proscuitto, Figs, and Mascarpone Cheese Bruschetta is awesome...full of flavor.  The Roasted Pepper Bruschetta is a little bland though, so I'd pass on that next time.The Wedge Salad is very good and the portion size is perfect for a starter dish....I don't know why that server thought I wanted it as an entree...I don't look like a small Salad entree type guy.  The Pizza is pretty good....above average.  The ingredients are fresh and the Crust is cooked just right when we ordered well done.Overall, this place has 3.5 to 4 Stars for the food.  2 Stars for the service.  Will have to come back and see if it improves.Return Factor - 75%
4	Great food, great service but the mixed drinks were way to strong. .Yes... I said that.  My husband couldn't even drink his but he is whimsy.  Beer, ice cold and the jalapeno bloody mary was excellent.  We tried the tempura green beans for the first time... interesting and very good. Who'd a thought?Todd was our server and was extremely pleasant.
1	I have been here several times before and always been happy with the place. the food is always been good and the service was good as well. this time I place a take out order at 830 at night on a Saturday I get there at 9pm and the order is incorrect. they didn't put the sausage on the whole pizza. they had no problem charging me for the topping on the whole.pizza though. Their solution was to tell me that they would just get it done in 2 minutes. I don't understand how my pizza took close to half an hour to make but that they tell me that they can have it done in 2 minutes now correctly? their solution was to throw sausage that looked under cooked to me on an already cooked pizza and to them, that was going to be acceptable? so when the pizza came out with what looked to me like undercooked sausage on it witg a burnt crust, surprise when I didn't want to eat that. the server asked me what was wrong with it like I was crazy. I would definitely pass on this place there are tons of pizza places to go to around here that are far better and don't put what looked to me like undercooked sausage on an already cooked pizza? their prices are way high for the product they delivered. I will not be giving them anymore of my business.
5	Go here and try the pizza. Brick baked.  Meatball pizza is fantastic.  Margherita pizza is awesome. Olive pizza is amazing and I have run out of adjectives.Tricia - we miss you!
4	Just got home from dinner here. The food was delicious, but more importantly, the service was outstanding. Todd, one of the managers, took care of us, and his service was so exemplary, I was, at first, convinced that he was the owner. If you eat here and have him as your server, consider yourself lucky. As far as the food, I had the Mac & Cheese which was very good. It's a heavy dish, but the pancetta was crispy, and it was super cheesy. My sister had the chicken pesto pizza, which she has had before. She loves it. She also started with the caprese salad. The burrata was yum. I started with 2 of the bruschetta - the apple and the fig/prosciutto. They were both super tasty. It's hard to go wrong with bread and cheese, and Humble Pie got it all right. This place is a carb lovers heaven. Todd made the experience top notch. His customer service just put it over the top!!!
3	I ate here alone, with Groupon.  I ordered a bowl $5.95 of creamy butternut squash soup, which was REALLY GOOD.   It was probably the best butternut squash soup I ever had.   I can tell there was lotsa butter in it, and cumin.  But there was not much soup on in the rather flat bowl.  It really made me wonder how much less soup they put in a "cup" for $3.95, cos I think the "bowl" is a cup of soup poured into a bowl.  I cannot believe that my bowl was more than a cup of soup.  Also ordered $14.95 Meat Lovers pizza to make my bill at least $20.  All pizzas are the same size, which I measured with a ruler to be 11".   I won't come back to Humble Pie because I think it is expensive for the little portion that you get for the money.  I like "value", which is not here at Humble Pie.   1/3 of the pizza is the crust, which has nothing on it, so the pizza is even smaller.   Taste is good tho.  I feel the best value for pizza is the House Special at Mellow Mushroom in Tempe.  $20.79 for 14" and loaded high and dense with ingredients, best of which is the applewood bacon. My server, Jon, was very attentive and polite.   When I was amazed they had cloth napkins for greasy pizza, he brought he larger paper napkins, because I went over to the bar and got myself bar paper napkins.  He brought whatever I asked for, lemon wedges and Sweet and Low (I make my own lemonade), more water.
2	What is the hype about this place?  I don't get it.  I'm not one to write reviews, but I just had to this time. It's overpriced, poor service and mediocre food.  I went there a while ago with friends and was unimpressed at that time. Don't remember exactly what we ordered then, but I know the margherita pizza was undercooked that we didn't even want to finish it or take any home it was that bad.  I had a salad which was just odd and a small portion.  However, it's close to home and kids eat free on Sunday, so thought we'd give it another shot. Bought a Groupon that we needed to use before it expired, so planned on a Sunday.  Did make reservations on line, so that was one good thing.  However, took a while to get sat and even longer for our server to take our order.  Ordered two appetizers for the table and they brought them each out separately, which was annoying,  but not too bad.  When our entrees arrived, we were underwhelmed to say the least.  Kids had pizza, and because I heard the salads were so great, we both ordered salads.  Maybe the kids' pizza is different than all the raving reviews for the pizza, but there was nothing special about it.  I'm a Chicago girl, so maybe a bit spoiled, but this was just a doughy, sauceless, cheeseless mess.  Kids didn't mind, but I'm glad I didn't pay $13 - $15 for a larger portion of this.   Salads ok, but quite pricey for the size, many of the choices didn't even have any sort of protein (chicken, shrimps, etc).  Last time I ordered a small and it's obvious there's no difference in size beside the extra price tag (similar to the soup thing Julia G mentioned). None of the food was brought out together and it wasn't even served by the server, but whom appeared to be an assistant. The assistant was really busting his buns, though trying to help out on a busy night. Kept refilling water and tea, which was the only plus side of our experience.  The final straw came when we went to pay the check, they wouldn't take the Groupon because we were already getting the kids meals free on Sunday.  OK, although I don't agree, I said, "then just apply the money I paid for the Groupon to the check" (which is stated on the groupon that the amount paid never expires), knowing I wouldn't be back.  They wouldn't even apply what I paid for already. Despite its convenience, I don't think we'll ever be back to this place due to the poor food and service. So without making a scene, I agreed to apply the Groupon and pay full freight for the kids meals. All in all, very disappointed, but two stars for the assistant server and their on-line reservations. The other reviewers seem to love it, but I can't see it.  To each his own I guess.....
1	Just called in an order to pick up, I had a terrible experience! The hostess was rude, order incomplete, wings cold and undercooked. I asked for Parmesan cheese and red pepper, the hostess I believe her name was Jessica told me no, that she did not have time. I just had to reheat everything! Not a happy customer! And I paid $60, should have done delivery!
4	Not bad for a chain. They brag about their brick oven pizzas, but we thoroughly enjoyed a good caesar salad too.  Enough for 2.  And a generous plate of their excellent lasagna, cheesy,  the filling was creamy, baked in a good flavored marinara. The sausage in the lasagna had a nice fennel seed flavor, something I enjoy.For our pizza, we went nontraditional this time and tried a pie that was topped with arugula, prosciutto, gorgonzola, and roasted pear. Decent tasting, even liked the crust, but the gorgonzola was a bit more "ripe" than I had hoped. Just my personal preference. Mr. B also took advantage of the Happy Hour, a glass of red  wine for $5.And then it was time to whip out my groupon.  My groupon which cost me $11 took care of the first $20. While I paid yet another $22 for all those dishes, there was still plenty to bring home for another meal. I feel happy when a meal costs us in the $30 range these days, and happier when there are leftovers that I know I will eat and enjoy in the near future.They have attractive specials for each day of the week.  Today was Sunday, and that meant there were lots of kids eating for free. Good deal for the family and a far better pizza than that cardboard stuff they call pizza at most chains.Fast, good service. Pleasant dining area. And I would do it again.
4	Better than the N. Scottsdale Rd. location! This Humble Pie still serves up good sized portions of food for lunch, with better prepared pizza. I had the salad and pizza combo ($9.95) and tried the veggie and S.O.P. pizza. The veggie salad was a fairly large portion, with an even amount of vinaigrette dressing and toppings. The S.O.P. pizza had a nice balance of meaty sausage, creamy ricotta, sweet roasted peppers, and caramelized onions with tomato sauce. The pizza crust was cooked better than at the other location, with no char around the edges and a lighter tasting dough.Service was friendly and attentive.  Drinks were refilled as needed. We used a Groupon and had no problem redeeming it. This is definitely a good place to go for pizza if you're in the area.
5	Good food! Sundays kids are free! Great service! Loved it! I recommend any kind of pizza and the strawberry and Gorgonzola salad!
1	Horrible service! As soon as we were seated our Male server said, "Let me guess, you have a groupon. All my tables have groupons tonight & it's annoying."  Hmmm there goes your tip!  We Called the manager the next day & she didn't seem to care. We Won't be returning!  And if you don't want the groupons, DONT OFFER THEM!
5	Love the food. Love the staff. Everything you need for a perfect night!
4	Headed out to this location over the weekend and this was our first time visiting this particular chain as well.  We made a reservation online since it was a holiday weekend, but didn't end up needing it since there seemed to be enough seats.  However, if we had chosen a later time than we did - we most definitely would have needed that reservation since the place filled up within the following hour.We made it in time for happy hour so I chose the pomegranate martini and he had a rum and coke.  Both drinks were made well.  For food he chose to get the turkey chili bowl (small cup appetizer) and lasagna (main meal).  I had the spaghetti with 3-meat meatballs.  See pictures for reference!The lasagna was a touch on the bland side - but that may have only been because we had the turkey chili first and that definitely had some kick to it!  The spaghetti and meatballs were delicious and I love the 3-meat meatballs that came with it.  The amount of the serving seemed smaller at first, but as I dug into the meal I struggled to finish everything on the plate.We also ordered the pizza cookie at the end, which was tasty, but we may pass on it next time since it had an odd flavor he wasn't too keen on.  Overall: AThe waiter was very friendly and efficient despite the busy nature of the weekend, food was tasty (though we may opt out on the lasagna next time for another option) and the outdoor seating was very nice.
5	We love this restaurant  its in our neighborhood so we go a lot. All the pizzas are good we especially like the veggie with lots of fresh produce and the sausage. They have happy hour every day. $5 glasses of wine and lots of choices not just two or three house wines. The servers are friendly and quick. I have never had a bad experience here.
3	Flew into Phoenix from San Diego for the Sf Giants spring training. We got in late and we were starving! We originally wanted a quick bite and headed to Panda Express. They were closed but Humble Pie was there to our rescue next door and open until 10. Phew! We walked in and it smelled delicious. It was hour before close and there was just one group ahead of us so we got seated right away.Service was mediocre but prompt. Which was fine enough because we just wanted to eat. My in-laws ordered the BLT and the butter but squash soup, hubby ordered the strawberry spinach salad with chicken added and I like to try signature items so I ordered the HP Sausage Sandwich with seasoned fries. Everyone said they liked their food but my mother in laws soup was lukewarm so she asked if they could nuke it. He looked her like she was crazy and asked "wouldn't you rather just get a new bowl?". Hey give the lady what she wants and don't sass her, geez!! But other than that she enjoyed it. You have the option of seasoned or plain for fries. I opted for the seasoned and boy was I stoked when they arrived. They looked good and tasted amazing! I couldn't stop eating them and forgot about my sandwich. I eventually remembered and dove in to the sandwich. It was dry but tasted okay. Ambience was great, food in general was pretty good and service wasn't bad but just nothing to write home about.
4	My boyfriend and I decided to have our weekly "cheat meal" at Humble Pie last Saturday night 3/15 after I had received a flyer for one free pizza at work. I had eaten at another location once before so I was looking forward to our dinner. We arrived Saturday night, hungry as can be, around 8 pm. There were many tables available both inside and out and we patiently waited for the hostess to arrive to seat us. It took her a minute to get to the front but that is understandable when there is only one hostess working; she greeted us and we asked to sit at an outside table. The patio was a good size and there were probably 3 other tables sat outside when we arrived. We excitedly looked over the menu, chatted about our day, picked out 2 appetizers and 2 pizzas and waited. the waitress that was taking care of the outside tables had been out about 3 times bringing food, checking on her existing tables, busing empty tables, but not once even glancing in our direction. She had more that enough chances to even extend an "I will be right with you guys!" but nothing. I had spent years myself in the service industry so customer service is HUGE with me, and I understand what its like to be "in the weeds" busy, but still, you have to acknowledge your table ASAP! I'm not fussy because I get it, but it got to the point where I actually said, did they forget about us? At this point, I decided whatever I'll just go out let someone know we need help. I politely approached the bar where the hostess was at this time, and said, excuse me...? No one has been over to help us yet. She stands there expressionless and says "ok." No urgency whatsoever. Luckily the bartender overheard and said he would be right out to help us. So back at the table the bartender apologizes that our waitress is very busy and he will get us started for her. In my head I'm rolling my eyes because she had plenty of chances to greet us, but what can you do, I'm not going to let it ruin our dinner. We go ahead and place our whole order with the bartender and he quickly has our drinks out and our order placed. The two appetizers came out right away, and were delicious! We had the cheesy bread and a pretzel.After they arrived we realized we didn't have silverware. So I again got up, went to the bar, and asked for silverware. Feel like I should get paid I've been working so much at this dinner! We also ordered a pepperoni pizza and the buffalo chicken pizza; both were awesome! So we finished up and we pretty satisfied with the quality of the food, our server came out to wrap things up and offered dessert on him to make up for our wait if we saved room; which we gladly accepted. We had the pizza cookie desert and it was so good! I would go back just for that! So after all was said and done, the food was good, the bartender saved the day with that desert, and we will probably visit Humble Pie again.
4	We stayed at the westin kierland villas and felt like walking to dinner and soon Discovered "Humble Pie". Delicious pizza  and sphaghetti and meatballs. Monday nights are 1/2 price bottle of wine night. I think there is a special every night so check the website. We ended up having a wonderful evening with live music, half price wine and great food!
2	Three of us stopped by Humble Pie on Friday, March 28 at around 4 pm.  There were quite a few people on the patio, but we decided to sit inside.  There were only a couple of tables filled inside.  We ended up sitting at a table next to a high-top table in front of the kitchen.  I thought it a bit strange that the whole high-top table was filled with unfolded napkins and tableware.  There was a waitress sitting there putting the silverware in the napkins and folding them.  I thought this was a bit strange, being right in front of everyone.  A little bit later, I saw her take a bite of pizza.  Upon watching her a bit closer, I saw that she was actually taking a bite of pizza and then going back to handling the silverware and folding napkins.  This certainly was not the most appetizing.  A couple of minutes later, another waiter came out with food, sat down next to her (and the silverware and napkins) and proceed to eat his food!  About 15 minutes later a gentleman came into the dining room and talked to both of them.  I assume that he was either the manager or owner, because he was telling them that a VIP was coming on Saturday, and they were not to post anything about it on Facebook.  He then proceeded to sit at the bar with a drink and talk to the bartender.  We felt like we were in the middle of a employee party and they forgot to tell us.  As we were sitting only three feet away, we really didn't feel comfortable commenting about what we were eating or even talking among our selves.  I had the Grilled BLT sandwich.  The bacon was very smoky and tasty.  I was surprised that the toasted sourdough bread that was used came to the table and was actually cold.  I don't know if my plate was finished before the rest of the order, but I was expecting at least a warm, toasted piece of sourdough bread.  I had previously eaten at the Humble Pie on 7th Street and was very impressed with their facility.  I was disappointed with my experience at this location.  I believe the preparation of the silverware and napkins should be done away from guests and definitely not when the person preparing them is taking a bit of pizza.
4	I've been meaning to write this review and should have gotten to it a bit sooner, but here goes. We headed here for a date night on a busy weekend and made reservations since it was a Friday night and places seem to fill up pretty quickly after 6 p.m.  We arrived on time and there seemed to be plenty of seats, so we second guessed the need for a reservation - however, within about 20 minutes of being there, the place was packed, so we really had just beaten the rush.We had a mix of foods, including a small turkey chili to start, some pasta (spaghetti for the Mrs and lasagna for me).  Everything was tasty and the little heart shaped breads and sour cream on the chili were a very nice touch to the experience.  Our server was very friendly and checked back regularly to make sure everything was going okay.To finish the meal we had the pizza cookie dessert with ice cream.  I would have to sadly say that this was our least favorite thing since the cookie actually tasted a bit salty and this wasn't what we expected.All-in-all we would definitely return here and give another dessert a go next time!
4	Have been here several times and they are a good stop for a pizza craving. Their woodfired pizzas are flavorful. Unless starving, one pizza serves two. Their toasted ravioli's are a great appetizer. Tried sitting outside last time but there was a weird swarm of bees on the patio but had no problems being moved inside.
3	I was here one time before and had a 1 star experience. Wrong order, long wait little service attention, but this was during a big lunch rush and a month later, for dinner, I came back because I want to like this place! It's convenient to where I work and they look like they are a good place to go if you don't hit a rush. This second try was much better. I ordered at the bar and got my food relatively quickly and enjoyed a habenaro Bloody Mary which was really good. The bartender was attentive and friendly. I will come back to Humble Pie but will probably wait until after the lunch rushes and daily deal times of day are over. I would rather really enjoy my meal with good service then save a few dollars and deal with harried staff and an over worked kitchen. I'm giving it 3 stars with an option to move up with consistently good visits, and more Bloody Mary's.
4	I just went here for the first time and had the sausage pizza. Yum!  One of the best pizzas I've ever had. I can't wait to go back and try something else.
1	Dropped in a couple of nights ago for a pizza, salad and a couple of drinks.  We generally like this restaurant group, but this store needs attention.  Hostess was indifferent, but waiter was polite.  Salad was boring and hastily assembled.  The calamari was more like pork rinds, not good.  Pizza was missing ingredients.  $80 later we left without a thank you.  Owners need to pay a visit.
1	I had never previously been here before but with a subtitle of "pizza wine and spirits" my mom thought it would be a good place for us to go and have a nice adult dinner and so she got a Groupon and we went. Butttt the second we get there the place is loud and absolutely full of kids. We walk in the door and we can barely squeeze in next to two couples with kids and another lady who were apparently all waiting to be seated. Eventually the poor girl who appears to be acting both as hostess and waitress finally gets to us and we opt to sit outside in the heat rather than stay inside and try to talk over all the noise and kids.So we go outside and wait for her to wipe pizza sauce off our table and then sit down and at first it's cool because it's quiet, and they have fans and misting but then not five minutes later they seat a family with 3 kids right behind me who start walking around and talking and screaming. So we order a salad but despite sounding delicious, it did not taste very good at all, it was such a let down. And then to make it even better it started raining and they had to rush us all inside and because they didn't have enough tables we had to eat the rest of the meal at the bar. So we get the BBQ pizza and it's pretty good. The only complaint I could make is that the chicken was a bit tough and obviously not fresh but the sauce was good. The biggest problem i had with my night though was getting sick afterwards. Very soon after we left I started not feeling well until we got home and it got to a point that I couldn't move without upsetting my stomach and then I threw up 3 times until I felt better. I'm not sure what happened because my mother shared the same food and only had a little stomach ache later that night but in any case I'm never coming here again.
4	We went on a Monday night and took advantage of their 1/2 off bottles of wine night. Our party ordered a pepperoni pizza (all of the pizzas are 12"), an order of lasagna and a strawberry & Gorgonzola salad, all of which were very good. They have a nice patio, but it was too hot to sit outside this time. They had live music which was great, and unexpected on a Monday night. It was a little loud, however. More of a bar atmosphere than I expected at 6 pm.  They have different specials throughout the week and daily happy hour with food and drink specials.
5	Love it there. Fresh, delicious, and reasonable pricing. They have a great lunch special for around $10 that includes a personal size pie and 1/2 salad order. The roasted mushroom and arugula pizzas are my favorite.
3	We decided to try the lunch special - a personal 10'' pizza with soup or salad.  Hubby got the Cesar salad, I chose the turkey chili.  Both were a supreme disappointment.  Who puts celery in Cesar salad?!  Apparently Humble Pie does.  And the turkey "chili" was anything but ... more like a Minestrone soup with globs of unpeeled grape tomatoes.  Yuck.  The saving grace here was definitely the pizza.  Brick oven cooked, the crust was perfection.  We both got the meat-lovers with red onion - - toppings were generous and the mozzarella was fresh. REALLY good pizza.  Service was lacking ... it was a good 15 minutes before we were served our salad and "chili" and the pizza quickly followed about 5 minutes later.  We weren't provided with cheese or peppers (even though we asked) until we were halfway finished with the pizza.  There were only 3 other tables in the restaurant at the time with 2 servers, so the delay seemed unacceptable.  If you go to Humble Pie, skip everything but the pizza.  You'll be glad you did.
4	I had been a huge fan of Humble Pie and sort of forgotten about it for a few months and was excited to go back again. However, I found the selection more limited than I remembered. Service is still excellent!  Pizza is still very tasty. Definitely a good staple for dining.  Quick with take out too and the food travels well.
4	Ate here and really enjoyed their pizza. I would put it on the the level of The Parlor, LGO and Spinato's. Don't think you can go wrong, when you order your pizza it is about a 12 inch round and could be shared or eaten by one.They do have specials every once in a while and there are a few locations around town.This location is newer and the decor and atmosphere is clean and vibrant.The service is very good and always there around your table and especially very friendly. Had the meat lovers pizza which had pepperoni,  sausage and meatballs which was very tasty. It is a thin crust which is very good and was cooked just right.The price is on the higher side for a 12 inch pizza which runs between $10 - $15.Will come back again to try different combinations but will keep an eye on any discounts.
