3	Depending on the time of day you might find yourself in a really long line at the front check out :-/  Sometimes the pharmacy staff is a bit rough around the edges and they can be quite grumpy! I will say that the last few times I have been in there, they do seem to be getting better though :)
1	I won't shop here again due to poor service. First off I asked where product was and the clerk tells me isle 5 without even looking up. They have sale prices marked but don't give you that price I realized after I already paid. And I give them $20 for $5.50 in merchandise and the cashier hands me back a $5?? I had to show her the receipt and have her give me the correct change. So I sent a corporate complaint with my email and not even a response. WOW !It may sound petty but they really don't care.
5	I've gone to a few different Walgreens Photo Labs in the area. This one is the best. The staff is friendly and gets to know their customers. They even called me once to make sure my order was placed right because I ordered a book with blank pages on purpose but they wanted to know if I was a where of the pages. Even when I took a disc in recently with a few pics of me exposed from a recent photo session I did, they were very professional about it and maintained my privacy.
5	Its Quick & Easy They always have what I need. I have been in within the last few days and I am excited about the items they have titled (As seen on T.V.) Because some of these items were on my Xmas list. So, how cool is that? I was not looking forward to going to the mall to find these items. So yey for Walgreens! The staff are professional and I will return many times.
3	its walgreens, 3 stars since its just the same ole thing...hmmm...I wish I could give it 4 stars, maybe if they start selling wine and beer!
2	Stopped in to grab a birthday card and gift card for an afternoon party and was in there way too long. There was a long line at the only open register when we walked in and it never got any shorter. Customers kept coming in, but they continued to operate with only one register.  They did, however, have a nice selection of gift cards and greeting cards.
1	The manager there is the very worse, a Hispanic lady who was totally unhelpful addressing my needs. Stay away from this location if you want to keep your sanity.
