3	I came in here to ask about sheet music, and sheepishly left when they told me, without any uncertainty, that they only sell piano music.  'But it's the same for violin!' i exclaimed! they were having none of it.during my visit, however, I did manage to have a good look around. If you're into piano's and keyboards then maybe you'll appreciate it more than I did. I play the violin so don't know much about the old chords.They also had quite a nice selection of piano music too. The staff were very knowledgeable and were playing a really jazzy duet when I arrived. However I was the only customer and I've barely ever seen anybody in here. It's a niche market, and if you didn't know it was here then you'd walk on by
4	Are you really into your organs? No not the red squidgy type, the kind you play. Then you might want to check  out Edinburgh Organ Studio! It's a whole shop of organs, pianos and keyboards.Edinburgh Organ Studio is located in a slightly odd place. At the bottom of the High Street near Parliament it doesn't really same like the right spot for a specialist music shop of its kind, next to gift shops, museums and cafes. Perhaps this explains why it's a touch quiet inside. I haven't played piano in years but their great range impressed me. It's a very large showroom (technically two showrooms) that and apparently the biggest of digital pianos in Scotland! There was more than one member of staff playing the pianos when I went in. It really helped create a lovely atmosphere. Apparently Edinburgh Organ Studio was named the first Yamaha "Homeworld Centre" , something which sounds a bit scifi and sinister, but nonetheless impressive. From what I can gather it basically means they are really really good when it comes to selling Yamaha pianos.Edinburgh Organ Studio can also give advise, repair and generally administer to your every piano need.
4	I want an organ. If I owned one, I would whip it out at family Christmas parties, and wheel myself down the street behind someone whilst supplying an ominous soundtrack to their life.Sadly, none of that is going to happen. I can't afford an organ, nor do I think it's a good idea to stalk and bully someone with a musical instrument. However, I maintain that the organ is a beautiful, underused instrument and for those reasons did I find myself in this specialised music store.Organs are synonymous with churches and old fashioned gatherings, but if this imagery springs to mind then leave it at the door! The Edinburgh Organ Studio are a very forward moving business, selling digital pianos and state of the art equipment. They have been in the business for over 40 years and host a large range of up to date musical technology, from fantastic digital pianos to home entertainment organs complete with USB ports.A lot of their products are state of the art, meaning these options are pricier. However I would recommend their organs and pianos to those wishing to get some heavy duty entertainment use out of them. They have classical organs, but the new ones are designed to replicate the sound of the classics like the Roland brand. Moreover, this shop is home to household names such as Yamaha and Hammond, signifying the long established reputation of this store.The staff are friendly, and even though I don't have much of a knowledge of musical instruments such as these the staff were more than happy to let me tinker with equipment and browse at a leisurely pace. Great for specifics and additional equipment that you may need, I would recommend the Organ Studio to serious musicians.
