3	Normally I avoid you at all costs. You are for the most part overpriced, however......... I was on my way back from the village and decided to stop in for a water. Out of curiousity I browsed the organic section. I was excited to see all the Cedar Lane organic frozen mexican food was like 30 % off. Yea-er..So I stocked up of course. The dude in the store was really helpful, he went in the back to get me more stuff. I later noticed he was there on his day off, just getting some stuff and stopped and helped me.For regular everyday shopping, I for sure wont go here. From time to time I will stop in to see if they are having good sales. Wal mart has the same brands at an everyday low cost, as far as the organic go.
3	This is a very clean, neat, organized store, but I would not do the majority of my grocery shopping here because of the prices. When items are on sale, its ok, but otherwise I find the same stuff elsewhere for a lot less. Friendly staff, and excellent beer prices (compared to nearby Safeway, Albertson's). They have really good take out, brick-oven baked pizza too- call ahead.
3	I like this Basha's.... its local, and convenient. I don't tink they are the cheapest place in town to shop... but it's around the corner from where I live. I also like supporting local Arizona business.The staff at this Basha's is always very friendly, and I like to frequent one store so you get to know the staff.
4	This is my go-to grocery store in my neighborhood.  The location, convenience, selection, price and friendly employees are the reason why I continue to choose Bashas' over the competitors.
4	Bashas' is a locally owned company which gives back a LOT to this town. I like this location and a few others around town that have this more "upscale" decor and product lines.
4	Bashas, my castle, my kingdom. I am the Duchess, after all. There are a few simple things I require of a grocery store. Fresh produce, abundant organic and dairy free selections, alcohol, and all the things I like to buy *on sale*. Oh and a friendly staff don't hurt none either. Bashas is my go to. I shop here pretty much exclusively. The sales are frequently rotated, up to date and seasonal. It's important to shop local and support an Arizona based company and it helps that I enjoy shopping with them. Keep up the good work!
5	I love this Bashas! It's newer, with spacious aisles, and very clean. The layout of the store is almost exactly the same as the layout of my hometown Bashas' in Lake Havasu. Having the same layout is even more exciting since I know where everything is! It's all about comfort here. It has a great bakery, deli, and even a burrito station. (I love Bashas' buttercream frosting. It's better than most of the grocery stores I've been to.) The meat department and produce is great as well. I love coming here for a quick shopping trip during the week or on the weekend for my stock-up trip. The employees are super helpful and very nice. Additionally, the parking lot is large with plenty of parking. I almost always find a spot near the front and that's nice when I'm in a hurry. I'd definitely recommend stopping in for your grocery needs!
3	We like Basha's, but only wish we lived closer.When I worked up at Pinnacle Peak, I was in here at least once a week.  Basha's always seems to have sales on things before the big boys, such as Fry's, Safeway, or Albertson's do.  I was reminded of this recently, when they were running a Memorial Weekend sale on energy and sports drinks. These were all marked down at least 50% and were exceptional deals.  They even had the Starbucks' DoubleShot drinks marked as 2 for $4.00.  Funny, Safeway had the same deal the following week. But Basha's it should be noted had it first.The other appeal of Basha's is that they also own upscale grocer AJs.  So when you shop here, you will find that they have many of their in-store brands for a lot less then they are selling at AJs.  Basha's might not have all the bells and whistles of some of the retailers here in the Valley, but they try hard and do a nice job. I know Basha's may not always be convenient, but their sales make the trip worthwhile.  They are also locally owned, at least for now. So one hundred percent of your shopping dollars stay in Arizona.
4	This is my one stop shopping place by work.  Great pricing on things I need, friendly employees, deli for lunch, wifi &  WF Bank if needed.
5	Love having this so close by. Never too busy and everyone is super helpful. Smaller selection of some items but has most everything I need. Feels more like a neighborhood store than other markets.
4	The produce here is absolutely incredible, they have great vegetarian frozen foods, pretty much the same grocery items as any other store with some unique items and a large gluten free selection.  They have pretty decent pizza slices and if you get there early enough they have killer breakfast burritos with chorizo, biscuits and gravy and other breakfast items.  They offer different hot foods / dinners every night, I've never tried them but I always see people at the counter so I have to believe that it is as good as everything else they do here.They offer prepared sandwiches and wraps for under $3 but if you have the time they will make you one of the best sandwiches you've ever had for around $5.  You can go to the bakery and pick your roll or select one of their terrific breads loaded with top notch boars head cold cuts.  Just this week I had a boars head provolone sub on a bakery hoagie roll, delicious.  Husband had egg salad on multi-grain and said it was awesome.  Grabbed a small bag of poore brothers BBQ chips on the side which is a another bonus, in many places I look down only to realize in disappointment that wise chips are the only option.  They have good sales and the prices are on par with the other supermarkets.  Parking is a dream if you're like me and try to avoid carts and people parking next to you.  Great customer service and competent cashiers but if there is a rush of customers they get backed up quickly at the registers.  I don't like the small curved conveyor belts or the confusing check out set up (never sure where the cart goes) but that's my only complaint.
3	Been shopping here for years. Was much better 5 years ago. Now I am constantly  finding expired dates on numerous food items. One week its bacon the next its yogurt.Any chef would tell you to keep your produce dry, here at this Bashas they drench it every few minutes. Makes it look good but the leafy vegetables turn brown fast.  Layout is much better since recent renovations. I go for the location, but i check all items.
4	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!  We buy our pre-made holiday dinner here every year.  It's perfect.....Turkey, Spiral Honey Ham, Stuffing, Cranberries, Mashed Potatoes, Sweet Potatoes, Gravy...it's all there for under $100!  We order it in advance and pick it up the day before the holiday and then heat it up....within 2 hrs we're all set.  Less time cooking/preparing = more time with Family. :)Other than that, it's also a decent grocery store and in our neighborhood.Return Factor - 100%
