4	Crabtree and Evelyn is great for treating yourself and it's a guaranteed winner for presents for mums and other female relatives, the fancy packaging and instore service ensures that you will always leave with a pretty gift and don't have to worry about trying to make it look presentable as my wrapping is far from competent.I sometimes find branches such as Crabtree and Evelyn/L'Occitane/Jo Malone etc. can be quite snooty and you usally get the sales pitch as soon as you walk in the door. This is a great little branch and although it isn't huge I was left to browse at my leisure when I popped in last week and didn't feel like the shop assistants were staring at my every move.They had a little sale section and I snapped up a couple of rose and lavender travel sets, one for my holidays and one for my mum. My mum really love lavender but I'm a huge fan of rose scented goodies and the smell of these babies are to die for.
4	It never ceases to amaze me, that girls will happily wander round a shop like this for hours, browsing soaps, talcums and lotions, none of which appear to do anything out of the ordinary apart from smell a bit whimsical.IT'S JUST SOAP, AND WILL STINK WHEN YOU RUB IT ON YOUR ARSECRACK ANYWAY.I don't see the point, but if it makes you happy then fair enough.
4	Ok, I hear what Gavin M is saying, but you have no idea how good a girl feels when she knows her 'assscrack' smells like roses. Seriously, it's like walking on sunshine.They have amazing scents in here, and all of them leave you smelling like you're just fallen into a fluffy rose cloud with sunshine and puppies. Unlike similar products, soaps and lotions from Crabtree hang around for hours so you can always remind yourself of how good your asscrack smells.
3	I felt a little sad I wasn't weak at the knees for this shop. Bodyshop,Lush,L'Occitane, make it smell good and at least pretend the ingredients are semi-natural, and I'm sold. However, I never really bought into the products at Crabtree & Evelyn; I feel it's a bad combination of L'Occitane prices and Bodyshop products, which have more chemicals in them than they'd like us to believe. I know it sounds like I'm uncovering some conspiracy here, but I'm frankly tired of having my emotions played with.If you are looking for some wonderfully presented products that smell divine, and are not too picky about what's in them... well it's on Hanover Street. Good luck.
