5	Welcome to SouthEnd!This new restaurant in SouthEnd is going to an immediate hot-spot.  The atmosphere, the food, the service - it's absolutely fantastic and a testament to the people who came together to open this place!We tried four different cocktails, some Cabernet, a couple burgers/fries + wings.  All were wonderful.  The wings had good spice but were not too hot!  The burgers were custom and cooked to order!  We shared an amazingly rich and chocolatey warm brownie with a salted caramel sauce.  The cocktail list is innovative!  It's a great menu with plenty of options.  You are sure to find the drink for you in this mix! Jump on OpenTable now and enjoy this new joint.  Cheers.
4	In a lot of ways I was torn to make this a three star review but I can see the potential in the place.  First thing to know is the parking seemed a bit tough and probably will continue to be until the newness dies down.  They have valet but when the valet parking spots are literally right outside the front door it kind of defeats the purpose in my opinion.  I will just walk to my car at that point but Baku is the same way.  The decor is super cool, they have done a fantastic job revamping the old into a new fresh space.  With metal ceiling tile in the color of cooper, everything has a brown tint and that gives people a warm and cozy factor.  There didn't seem to be a bad seat in the place either, no seating was obstructed from some sort of interesting view.First to the table was popcorn....interesting choice of freebie but different and I like it.  The beer, wine and cocktail selections were bountiful and I ordered a beer.  It came out without a glass (it was a can), which is ok, but probably should have asked if I wanted one.  Secondly it could've been colder too.I ordered deviled egg and chilled shrimp apps and then the prime rib with peas and carrots and coleslaw side.  All were great, the food was perfectly cooked and arrived in a timely fashion.  The raining deviled egg champ is still Queen City Q in my opinion though.  Service was great and the tableside manner was certainly on point.  All in all, this will be a fantastic addition to the area and I certainly expect it to do very well for some time to come.
5	Loved it!!! Already my new favorite restaurant in Charlotte. The ambiance is warm and inviting while rustic and modern at the same time. They immediately bring a deliciously seasoned popcorn to your table when seated and the cocktail list has something for everyone. While the menu does not overwhelm you with choices, it is well thought out and has options for everyone. I went with the steak, mashed potatoes, and corn. It sounds so simple but the freshness and flavors were excellent. You can tell they sweat the details on every bite of food. The service was attentive but not annoying and the manger was friendly and engaging. I highly recommend this place and intend to return often.
5	The owners of the popular 5 Church in Uptown do it again! I was blown away that this was the old Vinnies location, the interior alone gives you plenty to enjoy looking at while you wait for your food. The food... AMAZING! We went during the private opening and tried everything, there was literally not a bad thing on the menu. It's also family friendly and easy to get in and out of.
5	As a frequent 5 Church patron I'd be waiting on this place to open for awhile. Lot's of hype and chatter went on for months about Nan and Bryon's. The good news is the hype was real! Really enjoyed the food, atmosphere, cocktails, and decor. Pricing was slightly less then 5 Church which is nice. Quality of food and portion size is spot on. A must visit Charlotte restaurant.
5	Visited this place on opening weekend, and boy we're we in for a treat. Just landed from our flights from MD. We freshened up and headed right over there, we had reservation, seated right away.The place was packed our server was a little off beat but she kept everything running smooth after missing ordering our appetizer.The ambiance was nice, the decor is simple and chic. I must say I fell inlove with the food and drinks, I don't eat beef and had to try to husband meatloaf, the aroma was just too tempting not to try it.The manager or maitre D came to greet us, after telling her that it was my husbands birthday and we are OT from Maryland. She sent us desert and a card wishing him a happy birthday with a 10% card for our next visit.Upon our last night in Charlotte, we wanted to do late dining and had reservation at the Bernadin but their kitchen closes at 10...... and wanted to really relax and not be rushed during our meals. If you guessed we came back here????? You betcha, they were open until 11pm on a mOnday night.Again The food and service were superb. Also for the quality of food that is served, the price is very very reasonable.As we left that night I long to revisit Charlotte just to eat that meatloaf again... Ooops I went beef yall  (which I haven't eaten in more than 10years) ... I ate that meatloaf like it was my last meal...Kudos and hats off to Nan & ByronGreat for datesGreat for groups.Kisses to you
5	Wow, the masterminds behind 5Church restaurant have done it again. Familiar comfort food with a sophisticated twist. These are not your mother's recipes.You may remember this location used to be Vinnie's. They have completely gutted the place and given it one hell of a makeover. From the ceiling, to the bar and the super cool front door... it's all absolutely beautiful. Let's talk menu.Chilled shrimp: by looks alone... you wouldn't realize this is a cold plate dish. Tasty play on shrimp cocktail.Peppedew Poppers: MUST GET APP. I love peppedews a whole lot... stuff them with cheese and fry them... I'm in heaven.Meat loaf: it's topped with sriracha ketchup. I repeat SRIRACHA KETCHUP. There should be a law that all ketchup comes this way. I went with sauteed corn and mac n cheese for my sides. I cleaned my plate.Chicken: my friend Julie got this. She loved it. She was torn because she really wanted a burger, but had to run the Thunder Road half marathon the next day. She saw a picture of it and immediately googled how bad is it to eat a bacon cheeseburger before a long run. Don't worry, we will be back to get that burger.Dessert: cheesecake with salted caramel walnut topping. Sinfully good.Nightshade Martini: pomegranate, mint and cucumber water. Scared to try a drink with cucumber? Don't be! It doesn't have a huge cucumber taste. I would describe it as clean and refreshing. And soooo good. Cadillac Jalapeno Margarita: fresh jalapeno, foam and cayenne pepper. Perfect blend for a spicy kick.A woman in the bathroom was raving about the hot dog. I bring this up because of the fact the woman admitted that she didn't even like hot dogs. She said it was that good.Service was top notch. All levels. Congratulations to Alejandro, Patrick and Mills on another great Charlotte restaurant. I'm already thinking about my next meal there.
4	Craft cocktails that shine and american comfort food kicked up a couple notches, all in dark and cozy atmosphere that still feels energetic and bustling.  Hard not to attract a crowd with that kind of synergy.  As the "new kid on the block" with plenty of social media presence, expect reservations are necessary, unless you dig the roulette of an open bar seat.  While parts of a dinner experience here are great, others are a bit more unbalanced, but should get worked out as the kitchen and service staff settle in.Table service begins with drinks and the delivery of popcorn to your table, seasoned with a little siracha salt and Sazon, a latin spice blend.  Great for munching, deceptively easy to continue devouring.  The staff will not let your basket get empty, so just be forewarned unconscious munchers.The drink menu showcases a cocktail selection that is relatively brief but clearly thoughtful with ingredients like cilantro simple syrup and a host of muddled fruits.  Bitters also figure in a number of drinks.  I tried the Southend Gin and was quite pleased, as this gin-based drink rose above the sum of its parts to be both bright and refreshing, without being too sweet.  The wife went darker, with the bar's take on an Old Fashioned.  Again, the mix of fruits and rye whiskey was skillful and allowed each ingredient to play its role.  Clearly a sipping drink, as it was quite potent.  A small selection of local beers and a small collection of wines round out this menu.To start, we tried the deviled egg appetizer, which comes 4 pieces to an order.  They were good, with a nice creamy texture to contrast against the firmness of the egg, but there was nothing really popping here.  Given the menu's prevalence of peppers, this felt a bit like an opportunity missed.  For entrees we gave the meatloaf and the chicken a try.  Meatloaf was a manageable slab that benefitted from the kick of the siracha ketchup.  I had it served with a special side of brussel sprouts and the mojito fries, which are hand-cut fries mixed with mint and lime salt.  The chicken came with our picks of mac and cheese and a side of corn.  The chicken was a full quarter, with a smooth green sauce very sparingly dolloped along the edge of the chicken.  Sadly, it was a bit dry, especially compared to other local restaurants that focus on rotisserie chicken with South American spices and flavors.  Upon asking for additional green sauce to help with this, it was a bit of a poke in the eye to find a $.50 surcharge on the bill.In both cases, the kitchen has a clear penchant for trying to present the protein on top of at least one of the sides.  Not sure why, other than the side portions (at least the mac and cheese and brussel sprouts) were quite small.  As in, "we could count the number of pasta pieces served in the mac and cheese on 2 hands," small.  Same for the sprouts.  Both were quite well prepared, just disproportionately small, and this coming from a guy who strongly believes in quality over quantity.  The fries order was properly sized, but the very heavy amount of salt used made them hard to devour, even if I did like the flavor combo of lime and mint on my potatoes.  Unfortunately this was the weakest portion of the meal and is hopefully something that evolves as the kitchen gets its feet firmer on the ground.Service was fast and expedient, and I like the "all hands on deck" approach whereby your food and drink are delivered by anyone who happens to be close when the order is pushed out from the bar or kitchen.  Even on a Friday night we got in and out in just under an hour.  If that sounds a bit rushed, you're right, though our server was always gracious to check in without being too pushy.  A slightly more relaxed pace would suit the vibe inside, though, and this is something that should settle down as time wears on. While this first menu might not be a true foodie stop for truly inventive cuisine, it shows there are many sparks of promise here and the kitchen is led by a team from which great things are expected.  So I certainly will come back, sample through more of the menu and then watch as things evolve.  The space is great and the drinks are, alone, worth a trip in.  With time, and a settling in, this restaurant will be an asset to the city and a welcome addition to dining and drink options in Southend.
4	Had been waiting for them to open for a few months after following their posts on FB, etc. Went there on a Friday night after them being open for only a week. I can say it lived up to my expectations.The menu was somewhat limited, but what they had all looked good. They started the table out with some popcorn instead of customer bread, chips, etc. It was great. I believe it was just regular popcorn with a light sprinkle of cumin. Very subtle, very good.We had the dry rubbed wings as an app, they were also very good. For entrees. we had the pork (pork shoulder) and shrimp (over pasta). Both were very good. The only possible negative is that the entrees ( at least some of them) don't come with any sides. The side looked good, but were ala carte.Not to be left out were the drinks. They were quite interesting - more craft than your normal fare. My wife had the Nightshade (actually two) and I had a local craft beer. All good.Service was quite good, especially for a brand new place. All the inevitable kinks were worked out.Overall N&B's lived up to my expectations and is a welcome addition to South End. We'll be back regularly.
2	Not sure what all the hype is about. The atmosphere of the place is very cool and I wanted to really like the food but it didn't happen. Overall I think the menu is nothing original, it is just falling the pattern of "this isn't your mom's recipe" type of thing. The service was great and the drink list was good and had interesting options for cocktails. But that's where it ended. The roasted chicken was dry and not that much flavor. (Harris Teeter sells better chicken!) The pork shoulder was also extrememly dry and served on a bed of BBQ beans that taste "fresh from the can". Tried the apple cobbler desert and it came out barely room temperature and not cooked fully. Guess it needed more time in the microwave. Charlotte has a lot more places that offer similar food but done incredibly better than this. I hate to see restaurants that spend tons of money on atmosphere then go cheap when it comes to the food.
2	Went on opening weekend, valet told us "good luck" getting a seat w/o a reservation. There were 10 open tables!First off, all their cocktails are $10 and I don't mind paying that for a good one, but they MEASURED each pour of alcohol in each drink. It would take me $100 to catch a buzz.We got the mac and cheese (tasted like velvetta), chicken breast (very bland and dry), and recommended French dip (no).  The best part of the whole meal was the Wasabi dipping sauce for the fries (not saying much). I'm not one to write a bad review, but this place did not impress.
5	I have been waiting for this place to open for months because it is in my neighborhood, and I finally got to go there tonight.  I went alone and sat at the bar and ordered the spicy margarita (excellent) and then dinner.  It's a dark, chic-looking place clearly in tune with the South End area, but the food is traditional American with a lot of twists.  At the bar they serve everyone popcorn, which has a spicy kick.  I ordered the chilled shrimp with New Orleans spicy remoulade, then had the spaghetti and meatballs.  That's not a common entree on restaurant menus these days, but this version was outstanding, and it had a lot of bite as well.  They seem to make lots of things spicy, even my drink, and I really like that, though it may not be for everyone.  Nonetheless, the review is my opinion reflecting my taste only, and it's 5 stars for me.  I will be back.
2	I really really really wanted to like this place, and I've been excited to finally try it.  The fella and I went on a Tuesday night and thought with the day (random Tuesday before Thanksgiving), time (8:00 pm) and weather (ungodly rain), it might be a little less crowded.  We were wrong.  Since I really did want to like this place, I'm going to start with the bad stuff so I can end on a good note.THE BADParking: The parking is still as annoying as it was with Vinnie's.  There's a valet, but he just directed me to a space coming available in the lot.  The fella wound up two blocks away in a random lot.Hostess: We checked in at 7:55 for our 8:00 reservations.  The hostess acknowledged us, and then ignored us to answer the phone, which is one of my biggest restaurant pet peeves - always deal with paying customers first before answering the phone.  So, we checked in with the host.  Then the hostess seated two other groups.  We went back to the host, who apologized for the hostess and finally seated us.Seating: If there are two of you, you'll get stuck a two-top table in the middle of everything and everyone.  The fella got bumped into countless times by waiters and patrons alike.  It's a flurry of activity, and it's cramped quarters.Wine Glasses: So, the wine glasses look exactly like the water glasses but just a tiny smidgen smaller.  The fella wasn't impressed with the lack of wine glasses or the fact that the wine came in a glass that wasn't bowl-shaped.  He was even less impressed when the waiter accidentally refilled his wine glass with water.  Considering there was about one-fourth of the wine left, I was the least impressed (as the bill payer) when there was no comp on the wine... seriously?!?!  THE GOODFood: Believe the hype about the peppedew popper appetizer ($5.50).  They're sweet and cheesy and delicious.  The meatloaf ($14.50) with sriracha ketchup was a great spicy twist on an old favorite.  (However, the mac & cheese and baked beans sides were just okay, and I didn't love that everything was stacked since my baked bean sauce kept getting mixed in with my meatloaf ketchup.)  The fella got the chicken ($14), which was a little dry but had a nice kick, and the slaw and mashed potato sides were excellent.OVERALLThe fella has already said he'll never go again.  I'd try it once more just hoping that tonight was an off night, but... ugh.  At least get some real wine glasses!  Talk about squashed excitement.
4	The food was delicious!! And the waitstaff was friendly but it threw us off when they brought our red wine out in a water glass. It didn't seem to fit the ambiance for the rest of the experience. I ate the meatloaf and was very satisfied. I also love that they bring popcorn out as a starter to everyone.
4	First visit.  Sat solo at the bar for a quick bite.  So this is more of a snapshot than a review.The Good: - Beautiful!  Love the finishes, lighting, ceiling tiles, just great design.  I'm not a concrete bar fan but this one is even pretty cool.  The entrance is especially awesome! - Bar Service was warm, genuine, names being traded, good menu knowledge - Popcorn offered is nice - Had the shrimp and pasta, shrimp were excellent, pasta a little salty for me but a decent mealThe Bad: - The only negative was sitting at the bar the TVs are mounted so high you have to crane your neck in order to watch the game  Grabbing a quick bite at the bar is not enough to cast an opinion of the overall food scene.  But I have confidence that Jamie is offering some great meals.
3	Went for late night, kitchen was still open at 11. Nice.Food was ok, they were serving burgers and appetizers at that point. Fine by me. Nothing outstanding but no low points. Menu was trying really hard to be frisky, kind of like when your boring aunt makes a push to become the cool aunt.The decor is so contrived and lame. This is the kind of restaurant that gets made fun of back in Seattle. It looks like they went into the sysco food systems catalog, opened to the chapter titled "trendy 5 years ago" and checked every item on the list. "Free Idea: Decorate a restaurant with Edison bulbs?" -Jesse Thorn (@JesseThorn) It's fine, just not especially good.
2	Waiting to try Nan and Byron's since I heard it was owned by the people from 5 Church, ( which I liked okay -thought it had potenial, but too pricey). We got there a couple minutes before 5 ( they open at 5PM) but there was quite a few people in the restaurant already and at least 6 people at the bar. We were the first people in our group of six. We had no reservations but assumed coming in that early we could eat a quick dinner. We were greeted by two hostesses, which we relayed our 'no reservation'  dilemma too and they said - no problem ...but then nothing. We stood there and looked at them and they finally said.."We will not seat you till your complete party gets here" Okay, so we went to the bar. Which had 4 bartenders behind it. It was a bar for around 12 people. Five already seated and drinking. My husband and I sat down...found a bar menu and waited...and  waited...and waited. Its a small bar, the bartenders were right in front of us, FOUR of them..no one acknowledged us ..at all. After about 15 minutes ( a long 15 minutes ) One of them said without any apology, "What can I get you?" We ordered a "Reoldfashion" off the menu, a  13.00 drink. It was good and we were very thirsty. The rest of our party arrived and we were seated. We ordered the Peppedew Poppers for our appetizer, they were good, not great. The Cayenne Sprinkled Popcorn was great! That is free and refilled on the table!  We all placed our orders for entrees. There was three orders of Fish and Chips and Two Beet Burgers and a Philly Cheese Steak. I ordered the Beet Burger because I had heard it was unique and good, Everything came fairly quickly. I was very disappointed in my "BEET" Burger, It was to be fried beets with cheese and avocado. It was two of the smallest little slices of BEET fried and layed on this big bun. It felt like I was eating a burger with out any kind of actual filling - just relish. If you are serving a BEET Burger then have some BEETS on it , not just a tiny couple of thin slices,  I would not recommend this. My husband's Fish and Chips were not cooked, batter was wet and fish was cold so it was taken back to the kitchen. It took over 25 minutes to get him something to eat. They brought his back out and it was cooked and okay. The very best thing they had were the Mojito Fries and the Sriracha Ketchup. Fries were crispy and covered with mint and lime and the ketchup, well I love Sriracha!! The manager did come to the table to say he was sorry about the fish for my husband, we said it took way too long, but nothing was done about it. I was hoping to like this place but I do think it was my last trip to Nan and Byrons
4	I went to Nan and Byron's on their soft opening night and was super excited to dive into the menu as soon as we arrived. We valeted our car (which was complimentary that evening) because apparently there typically isn't enough parking in that lot. We were seated immediately upon arriving and our server was energetic and helpful, although she did seem a bit nervous but, hey, it was their first weekend being open! We ordered several things from the menu and a couple items stuck out: the siracha meatloaf and cheesecake. The pricing seemed to be fair considering the menu items were more of a casual fare than sister restaurant 5Church. The atmosphere of the restaurant is a bit similar to 5Church in the way that it's hip, classy and comfortable. I actually did notice a few TVs throughout the restaurant as well, which would be nice while eating dinner here on game days. My only complaint was the Pimento Cheese appetizer was WAY too heavy. My boyfriend and I couldn't even finish the plate. I'm sure that's an easy kink to work out, though. All in all, I would definitely go back to Nan and Byrons to try their other menu items, especially on a warmer day when the garage door in the dining room can be open! This pace will definitely be rocking during the Spring/Summer because of it's fun atmosphere & open-air dining room.
3	Nan and B! 3.5 stars.Our party of 6 had reservations at 8:00.  We had to wait about 20 minutes for our table, which was slightly annoying but mitigated by a delicious cocktail, the Saint's Cut. Bourbon, St. Germaine, prosecco and citrus juices.  Never in a million years would I have thought to combine bourbon with St. Germaine. It was amazing!  I downed that one pretty fast and then ordered the Refashioned.  I am a girl who LOVES an Old Fashioned.  This cocktail packs a serious punch.  Bourbon, orange and peach bitters and muddled strawberries, oranges and cherries. Don't let all that sweetness cover up how strong this drink really is!Appetizers: I am not usually a cheese dip lover, but the poblano cheese dip is out of this world. Smoky and cheesy...not your average queso!  Wonderful with the chips.Those peppadew poppers were also fantastic. The deviled eggs were fine but nothing out of the ordinary.Entrees: My husband ordered the Meatloaf, which I wish I had gotten.  The sriracha ketchup on top was too spicy for him but just right for me.  He asked for it on the side, but his wish was not granted. I ordered the crispy beet burger and found it to be quite bland. However, I LOVED the Brussels sprouts that I chose as my side.  I am trying to figure out what sauce they are cooked in. Hoisin maybe? Sweet and tangy. So yum.Dessert: No question--get the cheesecake. It's of the light and fluffy variety and served with the most delicious caramel drizzle. My only real complaint is that we felt rushed the entire meal.  It was very obvious that they were trying to turn our table as quickly as possible.  I prefer to savor my food and enjoy the meal as a dining experience, rather than wolf down my food and get out. Just me? I think not.
4	This is just a quick review since I stopped by for a beer or two before visiting the art thing a couple yards away. Beer is what it is - no complaints there.  If I complain about the beer, then that's pretty poor of them.  Service was exceptional.  Bartenders were attentive and they had infinite staff just standing around ... which is exactly what you want when you're a new restaurant/bar.  You've invested in making this restaurant fully operational and want to draw in diners.  Liven the place up, and make it feel like it's poppin' (Cf. La Tagliatelle). The receipts come with a donation line allowing patrons to donate to the Levine Children's Hospital or something, so please donate!  Looking forward to coming back here to try the food.  The reviews have got me hungry.dmo out
3	They did an excellent job remodeling the old Vinnys. We sat on the dining room side.. was good at first but then a table of 5 sat next to us that were very loud/obnixious.. later some sort of holiday party arrived and my friend and I could no longer talk because we could not hear each other. The spicy popcorn was on point... I would have ordered an app if I had not filled up on it so its almost a lose for the resturant. I had the burger with mojito fries... was not asked how I wanted it cooked, the receipt said 'medium well' so not sure if the waitress chose or thats the only option (it did not come out medium well either thankfully).. the lettuce was put on the hot burger so it was a wilty mess.. waitress had mentioned I could have 'no lettuce' but didnt say why, figured it out when I received it. I had the mojio fries as the said, loved the flavors but I believe the fries were frozen. For a smaller place with a smaller menu I would expect fresh cut in house fries. Friend had the french dip and sweet potato waffle fries.. her fries were good, I assume also frozen but not sure. Nothing was really memorable... I would go back again to try a few more menu items... would like to have seen a little more creativity/options on the menu.. I think the apps were the most creative. I would also sit at the bar or on the bar side and avoid that dining room unless you are the loud/obnixious people :-)
2	We have been anxiously awaiting the arrival of Nan & Bryon's in Dilworth. We live two blocks away and frequently walk to dine at Lucianos and 300 East. Our first disappointment is being served wine in juice tumblers. For heavens sake, who wants to drink red wine out of juice glass. (On a separate occasion, the GM told a friend of mine if he didn't like the wine glasses, he should order a vodka...I said 'WHAT'?).Secondly, I am vegetarian, the choices are minimal but ok. I ordered the Portobello entree with two sides. My entree arrived on top of my sides. The flavor of all 3 things was now just ick. While I was away a week ago, my boyfriend revisited with friends and tried a shrimp entree. Still underwhelmed. Now they have rolled out lunch at the same prices as dinner. Personally, I'll give this place 2 more tries but it's unlikely that I'm going to drink wine out of a juice glass. Dilworth has a lot of nice restaurants who are anxious to please.
3	We dined here on Thursday but I've been putting off writing this review because I could not decide how I wanted to rate this place.. but I finally came to a decision- 3.5 stars. The food was tasty, for the most part, & our server was friendly, but there was some confusion about what sides we ordered and some of the food we received wasn't even warm by the time it got to our table. Fortunately, management stepped up & took care of things.. well, mostly.As soon as we were seated, we were given a bowl of the addictive, seasoned popcorn. I'm a mindless snacker & we ended up going through 2 bowls throughout our meal.. plus we took a fresh batch home :) I ordered Dancing Cranberries, which consisted of prosecco, white cranberry juice, and dried cranberries. It was very good & what an apropos name for this drink! The little cranberries were bouncing around due to the carbonation of the prosecco.. pretty amusing.. or maybe I'm just easily amused?We got the peppadew popper app & it was quite good as well, though nothing amazing. I think I would have preferred a different type of pepper, with a little more spice & less sweetness, but that's just me. I mean, it was still tasty.. you really can't go wrong with fried, cheese-stuffed peppers!For my entree, I went with the mushroom & for my 2 sides I went potato on potato & got the mojito fries & mashed potatoes. BF ordered the meatloaf with slaw & corn as his sides. Our entrees arrived in a timely manner, but this is also where the confusion started. My mushroom had its quinoa stuffing but there was also some corn under it & I got my mojito fries. BF got his meatloaf, also with corn under it.. & sweet potato fries? We were each given a side we didn't order but our server said we could still keep them & brought out our other sides shortly after. Problem #1 solved.. or so I thought.The second problem was that our food wasn't even warm. In fact, my mashed potatoes were straight up COLD. Not acceptable. My mushroom was room temperature & BF's meatloaf was barely warm, but he was still ok with it. I let our server know that my entree wasn't even warm, let alone hot, & told her it wasn't that big of a deal & if she could just stick it in the microwave to heat it up, I'd be fine, but she was extremely gracious about it & said they could cook a brand new one for me. I appreciated that but I don't like sending food back because it makes me feel high maintenance. I let her take the mushroom & kept quiet about my mashed potatoes & just took them home (they turned out to be very good after I heated them up).My food was actually better than I expected, when it finally arrived, hot. I did notice that mushroom #2 was significantly smaller than mushroom #1 but whatever, at least I finally had an edible entree. The only thing I didn't really enjoy was the quinoa stuffing, but the portobello itself was deliciously marinated & nicely grilled. The mojito fries were also tasty. Normally, I'm pretty apprehensive about mint being in savory foods (the same way I feel about fruit inside salads.. *shudder*) but the flavors worked very well & I loved the little bit of tartness. I think BF liked the meatloaf & he said the sriracha ketchup was subtly spicy (which to him is a good thing).After we were done eating, our bill arrived & our server let us know they comped the mushroom for all of the trouble, which was pleasantly unexpected. However, we also noticed that we were charged for the slaw, when we shouldn't have been. I know, it's only $4, but the slaw was supposed to come with my BF's meal.. whatever. I just let it go because they DID take the mushroom off the bill & I felt like I was being super high maintenance all night. Still, it was a bit of a wtf moment.Despite all of the trouble, I can definitely see the potential in this place. They really do care about their customer's experience. We will be back & hopefully I will think this place is more than A-OK :)
4	We came here on Friday night for a date night! We made reservations in advance and I am glad we did because it was packed! Seating:-We walked here so I can't comment on parking. We got seated right when we walked in. The place is pretty small so be prepared to be sitting stupid close to another group/couple eating. If you have ever seen the movie Valentines Day, it is like the scene when they are out to dinner. Anyways, not a huge deal but I felt bad getting out after we were done eating cause I almost hit their table!Drinks:-I thought the drink selection was pretty pricey. My husband got a craft beer (about $6) and I got some white cran cosmo (about $9). My drink was tasty but I am not sure if there was any alcohol in there! It wasn't strong enough for my tastes. Food:-Ok this is where Nan and Bryon's earns its stars! The food was excellent!!!-Starters/Appetizers: They give you complimentary popcorn that was awesome! We also ordered the fried oysters, which was the appetizer special for the night. Oh. my. gosh!!! They were so good. I have no clue what was in the sauce but it was this spicy tangy mix. Awesome!-We decided to split the meatloaf with sauteed corn and mac and cheese as sides. They brought it out split up on two plates, which is so appreciated! The meatloaf was incredible and the siracha ketchup was a perfect combo. It was a little spicy but I just took some off and solved that problem. The corn was delish! I think I could eat like 10 servings of that corn. The mac and cheese was good, not amazing but definitely good. The meatloaf is served on top of the mac and cheese and corn so beware that when you order two sides, they will basically be mixed together. I liked this cause our sides complimented each other!-Decided to forgo dessert but it sounded good.Overall, great place and I can't wait to see where it will go in the futre.
5	Fun atmosphere, great food and the service is perfect!  Popcorn to get you started and the chicken soup is nothing like grandma's!
4	First time for the brunch and was impressed given it was their first day serving brunch. Omelette was very good with fresh quality ingredients. Portobello mushrooms, fresh kale and tomatoes. Rye toast was very good as well. Only complaint would be the extra charges for jelly and hot sauce. That should be provided with the meal. I will be back!
3	Not exactly the best experience. My wife and I walked into N&B's about 7:30 Thursday evening.  We didn't have a reservation and the wait was about 45 minutes.  Not a big deal. We went to the bar to have a drink for the wait.  My wife had a couple of the mixed drinks on the menu, which she said were delicious, and I said were expensive ($9 & $10). We also had some popcorn while we waited, which was pretty good.We took our seat around 8:10.  First negative - the table was right in the middle of the crowded bar area where dozens of people were standing on top of us.  If we had known that would be the table, we definitely would have opted to eat at the bar 45 mins earlier.Second negative - we sat at our table for 18 mins before the server even came to take our drink/food order. Once we placed the order, it took an additional 13 mins to get our drinks (31 mins after we sat down).  The food came relatively soon afterward.My wife had the mushroom and I created my own burger.  We both agree that although the food was good, it was nothing we would recommend. It also seemed a little pricey for what you actually got. Overall, not impressed.
4	We went to Nan and Byron's last night and sat in the front room. We were absolutely starving and glad they could take us right away with no reservation. I ordered the meatloaf, which had sriracha ketchup and it was delicious. For my sides I had peas and carrots and mojito fries. Yes, that's right. Mojito. Fries. It's like a hint of lime chip but a little more sophisticated. Yummy.I gave it 4 and not 5 stars because I asked for Brussels sprouts since many yelpers were raving about them. She said they were seasonal. I asked if there was a comparable vegetable equally good right now. She said no and said since it's Sunday they didn't really have much. Your restaurant is open 7 days per week, no? A restaurant of this status (especially one that offers 2 vegetable sides with each meal) should offer seasonal/green/good options on each day of the week.
3	The atmosphere was cool, very cozy farmhouse style with reclaimed wood tables and Edison light bulbs. The waitstaff and management were very friendly, but not hovering. Although it was odd that all of the waitstaff were lined up in the dining room like they were waiting to pounce if your fork was laid down or your drink was a little empty! As for the food it was just ok. Not great not bad. I had the braised pork with Mac and Cheese which were both kind of bland. My husband had the  roasted chicken and veggies. All fresh! Simple but good.The menu selections were simple but if done well could be good.
5	Full disclosure.  I didn't want to like this place.  All I could think of was..."Gee whiz.  Another American comfort food restaurant. How boring!". Since it's by the folks who run the chic and upscale 5 Church in Uptown, I also (incorrectly) assumed this would be the same "see-and-be-seen" trendy atmosphere, not something suited for the South End, where the vibe is decidedly more eclectic, casual and laid-back. But since N&B's opened, I've been at LEAST 10 times (No joke!  It's close to work) and every time the food has been delicious, the service fast and friendly, and just like my friends and coworkers say...reasonably priced and unpretentious. First off, yes, there are staples like grilled cheese and tomato soup, prime rib, and spaghetti and meatballs. These are all fine.  But what stands out, and is simply fantastic?  The beet burger (lunch and dinner) and the meatloaf burger (only for lunch). Let me wax poetic for a moment about the glory of the beet burger.  This genius burger includes crunchy deep fried slices of beet, goat cheese, avocado, onion, greens, buttery soft bun.  This makes for a very good sensory experience.  Add a side of greens with peach vinaigrette, and it makes for a really satisfying meal for $8.50. Did I mention, I don't really like beets? The new meatloaf burger is a relatively thin slice of their silky, meaty meatloaf, griddled with Sriracha hot sauce ketchup.  It too is excellent...and not like your traditional meat loafs. The atmosphere is casual and comfortable...a complete 180 from the old Vinny's Raw Bar decor.  This means my husband can wear workout gear, while I wear work clothes, and we can dine together and not worry about feeling out of place. BONUS: The food comes out fast.  Also, instead of bread, you get a basket of salt and pepper popcorn, which is a nice snack and change of pace to bloat-inducing bread and butter. TIP: People who don't want to valet for dinner service, park at the Rite Aid lot and walk about 25 feet over.  Note...the Rite Aid says they'll tow anybody who isn't a customer...but after 10+ meals here, I have yet to witness or experience this myself.
5	OK, let me first--- spill the beans, I heart the chefs at 5Church and Nan and Byron's, I can't help it- they are both dreamy and sarcastic, so therefore I can't resist their charm or their poblano cheese dip French fries, so sue me.I have been multiple times, brunch, lunch and dinner, the other day I ordered a cup of coffee.  I couldn't believe how good their coffee was, that alone gets the fifth star from me.There were three of us and we ordered a large Cobb salad to share,  they divided it for us in three tiny bowls.  That was way beyond the call of duty..  So excited to hear they serve breakfast, ready to go check it out and drink some more coffee!!  Naaaaah, I'm gonna drink booze.  For extra credit points must get a jalapeno margarita!!!
3	The poppers were alright, and managed to keep us satiated until our entrees came out.The maglev at the bar is way better than the cabernet. The cabernet lacked any body and fell flat as a red.I ordered the meatloa and was underwhelmed. There's nothing special with it. The Mac and cheese was bland with no creaminess. The sweet potato fries were crispy and standard. However, it's a good value as an entree that comes with two sides.My friend got the steak, which caused immediate envy amongst pout table. A thick slab of prime rib roast on the border of rare and medium rare. I had a few bites and it was full of fresh beef flavor, much better than the meatloaf.The service was lovely, and that really is a huge part of dining. Not a bad place, but the good can use a little more love.
4	LOVE the beet burger..,very reasonable prices and tasty food.
4	I was on my way to Tupelo Honey, but they weren't open at 10:30 so I decided to stop in and check this place out instead.  I pulled on the fork and bellied up to the bar.  They had a good assortment of local beer and a friendly bartender.  I decided to skip the alcohol and went straight for the deviled eggs.  They tasted as I expected.  Nothing spectacular, but still hit the spot for deviled eggs.  The presentation was nice and they came out very quickly.  For my entree I had the meatloaf sandwich with a side of mac and cheese.  The meatloaf sandwich was awesome with the spicy ketchup.  It was everything I expected and more.  Tender meatloaf on a delicious bun with spicy ketchup?  What isn't to like?The mac and cheese?  I think there are as many mac and cheese recipes in the south as there are stars in the sky.  We all have a preference for a different type.  I personally prefer the big ziti-type noodle in bechamel type sauce with baked-on cheese on top...almost like a macaroni casserole.  This was almost the opposite.  The noodles were big spirals and were awesome, but the cheese was smooth like velveeta.  It still tasted good, but I prefer my Mac and Cheese to have a bit of personality.The real star of the meal was the bartender who kept my tea constantly full.  Great service and good food = repeat business in my book.
4	Desperately in search of a place to eat on NYE's ...because our evening came to a holt when our plans fell through. We were in NoDa at 6:20pm popped up open table and snagged a 6:45pm slot at Nan & Byron's. It was said on the phone that this was a birthday dinner, yes the mister has a New Years Day Birthdate.. sucks for him. lolAnyhow we arrived and we were pleasantly greeted, pretty hostess without the overly fake greeting and smile. :)Someone shortly came over and addressed the mister by name and presented him with a HAND WRITTEN birthday card that included a 10% off our next visit.How nice was that?? Great touch guys, we were ALL impressed.The decor is a quirky mix of rustic polished over with modern design with a touch of glam. Loved it. Food- we ordered 3 apps, steak and meatloaf amongst our table, everyone was pleased with their dishes, we did however send back 2 steaks due to being a little to rare for our taste.They happily sent them back and came back out as quickly as possible.The only suggestion I have would be to add some steamed veggies to the Sides menu, although I subbed mine for a salad.Overall, Nan & Byrons is a great place for comfort food without having to go to a place that smells like a rest home, know what I mean??I am so pleased at their service on NYE and cant wait to go on a normal evening.Though this definitely gives us a big push to go to 5 Church asap.Thanks to the Team at Nan & Byrons.
2	"The service was good."  A death knell from a 17 year old.  Food service-esque fried fish--really?  Great atmosphere, but vastly better options out there.  Needs work.  I wouldn't drive past Mac's, The Liberty, or Lebowski's to get here.
3	Stopped in for lunch on a Friday.  When we arrived the hostess was on the phone, but was quick to seat us after she hung up.We were seated in the dining room, which at the time, was maybe 20% full.  By the time we left around 1:00pm, the dining room was completely full.  I like the layout and the feel of the dining room with lots of natural light coming in from the windows and the garage door.We started with an app of Train Wreck Fries ($10), which our waiter said was the perfect size for a group of four (which was the exact number of people in our party!).  I was disappointed that when the fries came out, the dish was significantly smaller than I expected.  The taste was decent, but not worth the money.For my entree, I chose the Meatloaf Sandwich (sans mayo) with mac and cheese as my side.  The sandwich arrived looking pretty on a brioche bun (which is the bread used in all sandwiches, per our waiter).  I was excited because of the siracha ketchup that was on the sandwich, but was disappointed that the amount was too small to make a taste impact (they did provide additional siracha ketchup on request).  The taste was good, but didn't wow me.  I think the sandwich would have been better with a thicker slice of meatloaf which would better the meat-to-bun ratio.  I liked the mac and cheese (cavatappi noodles) the cheese was smooth and the portion was a good size.I'm glad that I got a chance to visit, but I don't think I'll be back.
4	Ah-choo...from the girl who cannot stop eating the complimentary popcorn laced with Cayenne seasoning. Despite the fact that I kept sneezing, I couldn't keep my hands off of it either. Nan and Byron's is the newest, coolest restaurant in South End. They have a great menu filled with comfort food, which just makes you feel like you're eating a piece of home. Although my home never served up portobello stuffed mushrooms...I ordered that with a side of peas and carrots. Delicious! Hubs ordered the chicken and stopped talking to me over dinner because he couldn't break away from the meal. Parking is free (like I keep reading from their tweets). However, the parking can be a challenge, unless you are early birds like we are. It's rather small and if the entire restaurant is full you'll need to find parking elsewhere. When we were leaving other patrons were desperately looking for a place to park. Quickly eyeing us leaving a prime  front-row spot, they stuck the car in reverse, and was happy as a lark to get our spot. Noise level can get quite rowdy. It's an intimate, rustic setting, but not much to absorb the chatter from all the busy tables. We visited during a holiday party time and it got quite loud. Thankfully we were at the end of our dining experience when the party got into full swing.  Looks like there is great potential for when the weather is nice for a couple of outdoor tables in the front. Nice. Looking forward to returning and trying out the rest of their menu.
1	Joined some friends, waited at the table for fifteen minutes with no server coming over, so I decided to go to the bar to grab a drink. I waited about five minutes there before being acknowledged. Some really poor service.
5	Try the beet burger...delicious...it's all beet with no fillers, topped with boursin cheese, a little arugula, and some avocado.  I would definitely order it again.  We sat at the bar, service was quick and the bartender was friendly and helpful as it was our first time there. Parking was difficult but worth the extra effort it took to find a spot.
5	Service is amazing, food is consistently delicious, and the atmosphere is cozy, fun, and relaxing. Lunch, dinner, drinks with friends... I love this adorable new spot.
3	We just went for brunch and ordered their eggs benedict and french toast. The french toast was delightful and the only complaint about the eggs benedict was the sausage was more turkey burger than sausage. The kale was a unique touch, but my plate had a bit too much of it. Luckily, it was easy to remove the excess to my liking.The atmosphere was fine for a Saturday brunch and I really love the fact that they  have only local beers on draft.Biggest complaint was that our waitress was HORRIBLE. It took her 15 minutes to take our order, and then we never saw her again, except for when she passed over our table every 5 minutes walking to her other two tables. We never had a single refill ofnour drinks, she never checked to see if our  order was correct, never even acknowledged that we were eating there and when I finally flagged her down for my check, all she said was "sorry". (In my opinion, if you are overwhelmed with 3 tables, you should find a new career).We will go back to this place since the menu looks so good, but I can't see this being one of our regular places.
4	Nan & Byron's did not disappoint when we went for dinner on NYE. Tried several appetizer's and chose the steak for my entree. After grazing on appetizer's I did have a difficult time selecting a healthy side option that leaned more towards a green veggie. Opted for the Kitchen Sink salad for an up charge, and it was superb! The service was top notch and the hostess's were very welcoming and down to earth. We definitley will return!
3	Decent, but nothing great.  Cool atmosphere.  May be better for appetizers and drinks.  Because if you're doing to serve simple comfort food at those prices, it had better wow.  It does not.  Not bad, just nothing special.I had meatloaf, mac and cheese, and sweet potato fries.  Meatloaf - nothing to write home about; in fact, we make better at home.  Mac and cheese - this had to come from a Kraft box; absolutely bland.  Sweet potato fries - very good.  Parking is tight - be prepared.  I may go again, but it's not a "destination" meal.
5	3pm on a Saturday. Starving in South End after a painting class at the new Pinot's Palette. We tried to go to Tupelo Honey but the parking lot was chaos. So, we decided to hit N&B's instead.This was my first time checking out the brunch menu... and it will not be my last. My friend Dre and I are not very good at making decisions, so we put our menu decisions in the hands of our server. By the way, she was just fantastic. She suggested we do Shrimp & "Grits" and the Beets Benedict. OH.MY.WORD. The Beets Benedict... I would like to write a love song for that dish. Absolutely amazing. The crispy beets, poached egg, creamed kale and red pepper relish... wow, tremendous combination. The Shrimp and "Grits" is actually done with creamy polenta. So good. We ate every single morsel of food.I went with my go to cocktail here.. the Nightshade Martini. Our server suggested the Saint's Cut for Dre. Great cocktail. Bulleit Bourbon, St. Germaine, Prosecco, citrus juices. Not super bourbon-y. Great staff, amazing food. This place just keeps getting better. (Spoiler alert: be on the lookout for brunch to transform to a buffet style this weekend)
3	We visited on a Friday night.  It was very busy, but were seated not too long after our reservation time.  We stopped by the bar while we waited for a few cocktails.  Overall the cocktails were okay.  I had a lemonade cocktail which really just tasted like lemonade and had more ice than cocktail so it disappeared fast.  My second cocktail with rosemary was pretty decent.  Others in my party had the jalapeno cocktail, but they weren't too impressed.  Our waitress was nice enough, though definitely not warm and fuzzy.  We had the queso dip for an appetizer and we all found it to be pretty addictive...you just wanted to keep eating it.  And then our entrees came out in record speed.  Like..."Did you already have the plates made and you stuck them in the microwave?" fast.  I had tomato soup and grilled cheese.  I was expecting some fancy grilled cheese on some type of artisan bread with a hearty tomato soup, maybe topped with some creme fraiche or housemade croutons for pizazz.  But it was just plain old soup with average taste and regular cheese on white wonder bread.  I was not impressed.  Others in the group had meatloaf which they said was spicy and they thought it was a solid 3 stars.  I would come here if people wanted to meet here for drinks and appetizers, I guess, but I will not be returning on my own accord.
5	Nan & Bryon's reminds me of a cute spot you'd find in the West Village of NYC or in Austin, TX. It's cozy, and is very different than most of the other South End restaurants. It's 5Church's sister restaurant, so expect to see some similar ingredients, but the asthetic is VERY different. Whether sitting at the bar, or in a table in the main room, its cool vibe and comfortable atmosphere is great.Wednesday nights to Saturday nights are crazy, so make sure you make reservations! They're open 7 days a week, including a brunch menu (that will soon transform to a brunch buffet..think Heist Brewery). The portions are huge, and you get Cayenne spiced popcorn to start. Like many places in South End, it's more on the casual side. They're known for their comfort foods, and additions of spice (like siracha or jalapeno) in their menu options.Drinks to try: Jalapeno Margarita, South End Gin, RefashionedThe Jalapeno Margarita is topped with their signature Grand Marnier "cadillac foam"...which I would basically like to just pour in my mouth.Food to check out: Beet Burger, ChickenSides: Winter Roasted Brussel Sprouts (if they have them, they're a special option off the menu), Mac & CheeseI'll be honest, I'm a past employee from Nan's, but wouldn't write this review in bias. However, from knowing all of the  "behind the scenes" action, I can tell you that the service expectations are higher than many restaurants around Charlotte. Management trains staff to be fully knowledgable on the product and service standards, and it absolutely shows. Servers and bartenders live and breathe the menu, so if you have any dietary questions/restrictions, be sure to tell them!
3	I had high hopes, I really did.  I wanted to love this place but I just had a so-so experience.  I do plan on returning and will update this review when I do!!When I first walked in I immediately fell in LOVE with the atmosphere.  It was intimate and swanky and I loved the soft lighting provided by the tea lights at each table.  The vibe was definitely "cool" and the offer the perfect setting for a date or a girl's night out.  The basket of popcorn offered before the meal was unique.  Don't get me wrong, I ate the whole thing and then some...but I'm not sure I felt it fit with the overall atmosphere.  Anyway, on to the main meal...We started with the Peppedew Poppers.  They were very good.  They had great flavor and they weren't too "hot/spicy" which I appreciated.  They were served with some sort of dill sauce and it just made the whole picture complete.  It was very tasty.I ordered the Peruvian style roasted chicken which has the bone in and was sitting on a cilantro based cream sauce.  I was given the choice of two sides and I went for the baked beans and sweet potato fries.  Let me just say this meal was wonderful.  The chicken was tender, seasoned perfectly and fell off the bone.  It was juicy and there was plenty of meat.  The baked beans were okay and the fries were waffle sweet potato fries which was unique and still good.  I wish they came with some type of dipping sauce though because every other sauce/dressing I tried was incredible..why stop at the fries?  So that all sounds great right?  So, what's my beef?  Well, the meal came out lukewarm to cold which was NOT okay.  I didn't want to complain so I continued to eat the meal but I know it could have been so much better.  My friend ordered the meatloaf with mac n cheese and the mojito fries.  Her meal came out room temperature at BEST.  She was not as gracious as I and she told the server (who took forever to even check on our meals) that this meal was literally cold.  The mac n cheese was super bland and the mojito fries didn't seem very mojitoish (if I may).  They were good fries but nothing special.  The server said he could take her plate back and "warm it up" which just didn't sound appetizing to my picky dining partner.  What was he going to do?  Nuke it?  No thanks.  Meatloaf can swing either way so the thought of cold meatloaf being reheated in the microwave pretty much made her and our table nauseous.  He apologized and offered to bring her something else.  She opted for the house salad that came with a peach vinaigrette.  Once again, FAIL.  The salad was just bare.  It was lettuce with some dressing.  There wasn't even a crouton.  Looking back on the menu I realize it doesn't promise anything more but geez!The waiter apologized for the inconvenience but it wasn't very convincing to be honest.  About 20 minutes or so later a manager finally meanders over and apologizes in somewhat of a smug fashion.  He said he heard we weren't satisfied with the meatloaf and wanted us to know he took care of it on the bill.  I know that in theory is the "right" thing to do but for being a local restaurant with a lot of hype, I expected better customer service.  I mean, no kidding she isn't going to pay for the meal.  She took one bite of the fleshy cold meatloaf.  They still made it seem like it was HER issue, not theirs.  They should have offered a free dessert, a free beer, just something that made them seem to care a bit more and it didn't happen.  In their defense, they didn't know my meal was cold as well.We did end up ordering the vanilla bean cheesecake that was covered in a salted carmel sauce.  It was good.  It was rich, creamy, small portioned but good.While we were waiting for our check we noticed the table in front of us sent their food back.  As we were leaving we asked why and they said because it was COLD!!  They ordered the meatloaf and the prime rib!!  They said management handled it very well so they were pleased with their experience but both sent their entrees back. I don't know if Nan just had an off night or if they were backed up in the kitchen, short staffed, etc.  I can think of all types of excuses but I didn't have the best experience unfortunately.I still plan on returning because I think they have some great menu items, they are reasonably priced, have a decent wine list and I love the atmosphere.  I just hope my next visit is a bit more satisfying!!
5	I cannot say enough good things about Nan & Byron's! We enjoyed a meal together as a small group before deciding to book out the entire place for our company holiday party. Laura (the manager), chef, and staff, went above and beyond to make sure every detail was perfect. She worked with us to put  together a delicious menu that vegans, meat-eaters, and those with nut allergies could all enjoy. They printed out special menu's with our corporate logo, laminated a BINGO game we planned on playing, and Laura even went to our office to pick up a slide show we put together that we had trouble emailing. They were so friendly to us and very observant of our needs- you couldn't find a better group of people as far as staff is concerned.  We had the (awesome) opportunity to try nearly everything on the menu between the two meals. My favorites were the brussel sprouts (a seasonal limited-offering but they are perfection), the peppadew poppers served with the best ranch on the planet, and the brownies. We also sampled many-a- beverage to narrow  down our cocktail selection. My two favorites were the Farmhouse Lemonade and the Night Shade Martini- fresh and very tasty! The place is relaxed and casual enough for a night out with friends, but also softly lit and would make a nice place to take a date. I highly recommend it for groups as well.We had about 50 people and they were able to take care of us perfectly. I will definitely return again soon!
3	I had an opportunity to get here a few weeks ago and better-yet twice within that one week. My first visit was centered around the bar as the plan was to check out the atmosphere of what appeared to be the new hot spot restaurant in South End. Having just recently moved from Uptown to a South End I was anxious to see what the fellas from 5 Church had going on. Snagging a spot at the corner of the bar offered a great view of a pretty busy restaurant for a weekday. The bar tenders were attentive and friendly even considering a full bar. After 30 minutes or so I I had to take a peak at the menu and decided that contrary to my initial plan of "drinks only" I was going to grab something small. Now, when a restaurant aims for what it appears Nan and Byron's is aiming for I like to give a good test of the menu and order something a bit atypical. That said, by offering a hot dog and mac and cheese a place like this I couldn't pass this opportunity up. It wasn't even on the kid's menu! Let's be honest, if you can nail a hot dog and mac and cheese at what appears to be a quality restaurant than more power to ya. Certainly I agree that with this order I couldn't have possibly expected much, but again, it is Nan and Byron's that offered it and so I had to take them up on it. Unfortunately I was pretty disappointed. I can't complain much about the value as these were some of the less expensive items on the menu but I can certainly complain of the quality. Honestly, if you are going to go out on a limb by offering a hot dog at a place like this then I'd expect you would at least reward the customer daring enough to order it. The presentation itself was good but the flavor wasn't much greater than what you'd expect from your most basic hot dog. When I asked the bar tender what we were dealing with she admitted she thinks it is a Nathan's hot dog...boiled! Not grilled, but boiled. Who in their right mind boils a Nathan's frank! As for the mac and cheese I can't really speak much about it; not much to write home about and although creamy couldn't help but think "Velveeta". I'm sure it wasn't and maybe I'm more of a baked mac and cheese guy but this wasn't doing it for me. Although I will admit this isn't the end of the world for food delivered to my bar stool but I don't think I would be happy if I placed this order from a table. However, this is the point of the experiment, no? Try something from the menu so atypical that likely very few people would order it in an attempt to test the integrity of the one who decided to place the item on the menu to begin with. It is that mindset that brought me back to Nan and Byron's for "round 2" less than a week later to try something more typically ordered.On my second visit I decided to go for more or the full experience; grab a table and order something more typical. When my girlfriend and I arrived it was Friday around 9:30pm. Upon entering we were greeted by the hostess who was quick to ask us if we had a reservation. I thought it was strange to ask considering the number of tables available. Since we of course didn't have a reservation the hostess asked us to take a seat to wait for the next available table. Now, I'm not sure if this was a ploy to make them seem busier than they were or possibly an attempt to limit the workload on their staff. Either way it is always frustrating to wait for a table when 1) you are only a party of two and 2) you can see empty tables. At the end of the day it wasn't more than a 15 minute wait so not a huge deal. Once we were seated I began to take in the atmosphere itself. The setup of the restaurant is great and the design is appealing. I can see this place being a good go-to for a casual date night. As per my previous experience I can attest to the friendliness of the bartenders and could see a drink or two first at the bar before grabbing a table for dinner being a great date experience. Additionally, who could say anything bad about the decision to serve fresh popcorn in place of the old standby bread? Who doesn't love popcorn?!? By the time the waiter took his second pass we were ready to order and I went with his recommendation which was the meatloaf while my girlfriend went with a standard cheese burger. The meatloaf was okay in that the consistency was good, not dry etc. Serving size was good and the roasted corn was very good thought maybe a bit "too roasted" with some bites. However, although I can understand the difficulty in getting the spices right in a meatloaf it truly had waaaay too much rosemary in it. Unfortunately the overwhelming flavor of the rosemary overpowered any other possible flavors and made for a less than perfect experience. The mashed potatoes had some pretty good flavor but were cold in both my order and my girlfriends.I can't say I wont be back here but I'm certainly not going to rush back. I think this place is certainly worth a shot and with a few tweaks can easily bring my rating up to a 4-star.
4	I went with a group of friends for restaurant week. I started with the Caesar, as did one of my friends. It was a pretty typical Caesar salad. Another friend got the Cobb salad, which looked amazing, and she said it was. For the entree part I ordered the chicken with corn & mashed potatoes. The chicken was cooked quite nicely. It was pretty flavorful, but what set it off was the sauce that came with it. The corn was what I would've expected. Mashed potatoes a bit above average, I could've easily eaten more. The deserts were nothing spectacular. But on the service side; phenomenal! The server was incredibly knowledgable. He also knew the perfect balance of being attentive, without overbearing. Additionally he also time our meal perfectly.
5	Soooo good! Have been here twice and both times it was amazing. The chicken is sooo good but excited to try other things as well.... And all the sides are delicious. Their drinks off of the drink menu are TOO good!!!! Definitely give them a try. Also, they service we received was both times was excellent! Can't wait to go back again!
5	Love the menu and craft cocktails at Nan's - this was exactly what Southend needed! The trainwreck fries are sinful and the meatloaf is better than my mom's (don't tell her I said that) The service is on point also!
3	I am going to return to Nan & Byrons, because I know they deserve another shot, but this experience was a little "meh".We stopped in for sunday brunch before noon, with a reservation, hoping we'd miss a bit of the crowd. They sat five of us on a four-top that barely had room for four once you add in the amount of beverages usually consumed at breakfast (water/tea or coffee/juice), but we managed. I ordered an orange juice first, then my sister ordered an orange juice a few minutes later. Mine came in a tall glass with ice and by the looks of it looked fresh squeezed (or I was hoping that's what the separation of water and juice meant) hers arrived in a short glass without ice, perfectly mixed together.Our server had never worked a brunch before so she couldn't answer any questions about the menu. She also didn't know how to add an egg to a breakfast (someone wanted three eggs, only two arrived on the plate), and when someone wanted their eggs "well done" (half jokingly), she never clarified and just rang them in as over easy. I asked if the side of fruit was just a simple market diced melon/pineapple blend and she said yes, actually it comes with yogurt and granola on top. Not the end of the world for me, but some people might not want that. My mother's entree came out with a few of the appetizers, so when we were all eating our main dishes my mother was left eating her tiny side of garlic shrimp. It was a little sad. While she was (slowly) eating her shrimp, my fiance was attempting to eat his charred, dried up sausage, I was trying to figure out how one of my eggs was barely poached while the other was a solid mass (I can't even say poached "hard", it was further gone than that) on top of my barely warm beet benedict, and another guest was a little hungry without his third egg and had to ask for a side of sriracha ketchup three times. Yes, I loved the beets. I want to order them again, but I want them to be hot. I'd even take luke-warm. The french toast went over well. There were some highlights, but almost $20/person without a beverage for brunch demands more, especially being charged for the sriracha ketchup. And does anyone know what the donation line is for on the bill? Who am I donating to?? There wasn't any information about it anywhere, and that seems weird to me.
4	We made a reservation for Friday night dinner (during Restaurant Week, no less) with two other couples... Most of whom were all first timers. The atmosphere was great, with most tables filled or filling up by the time we were seated for our 7:30pm reservation. Although the cocktail list caught my eye initially, we were all persuaded by the waitress to order wine as it was included in the Restaurant Week special. So, for $30 -- 2 $10 glasses of Pinot Noir, Deviled Egg App, Meatloaf and the Fudge Brownie for dessert. I would say the Meatloaf was the least favorite of all these items... although it came highly recommended. I would probably be more inclined to try something else next time... but there will be a next time! Fun atmosphere, good prices, great addition to the South Blvd. scene.
5	Loved the atmosphere. Sweet hostesses that seated us on time. Food, service and bartenders were all five stars!  Looking forward to going back!
3	Service was mediocre, food was hit or miss.  The chicken was well seasoned & juicy. The signature farmhouse burger was overpowered by the barbecue sauce. Although this isn't a kids restaurant they do have a kids menu - but the owners/chef don't seem to know what kids like. Overall our experience was OK, but we won't be back.
3	So I finally made it here and left a little underwhelmed. I was not impressed with the parking situation. Seriously, even on a Tuesday night when you would think there would be plenty of open spaces....there just were not any. So you can valet or hope you don't get towed in the Rite Aid parking lot. Good luck with that! For me the menu was pretty limited. Now, I'm not saying they need 17 pages of choices but I would have liked something outside of chicken, fish and meatloaf. The side option selection was much better. I went with a burger, a side of mac and cheese and a cold glass of Triple C's Smoked Amber. Everything was just fine. Nothing really knocked my socks off and converted me into a fan but for what it was....A-Ok. What bothered me the most was that this place is SO loud. I couldn't hear anything. I seriously spent most of the night repeating things to my waitress and dining party which eventually turned into me yelling just to avoid repeating...No, thank you...I'll pass. I've been, checked it off my list but I won't be running back anytime soon.
4	I stopped in here for brunch one day with my husband and could not believe the spread for the buffet they had. I was sick that day and not feeling like eating a whole lot or I would have gotten it for myself. The buffet included a drink such as a mimosa or bloody mary and of course the entire buffet which had crab legs! The price was $21 which is good when you consider one drink is about $8-10 anyway. My husband ordered it and went back several times. They had a great selection of items. I ordered an omelette and the hash browns were delicious with good spice. I can't wait to go back for dinner one night.
3	I really wanted to love this place, which is why even after my first mediocre experience here, I was back to give it another shot recently.I'll admit they absolutely deserve 5 stars for their service, ambiance and vibe. But, I'm there for the food, and in that department I've been disappointed twice. All their appetizers are good, the main courses however (at least the ones I have tried; 5 out of 9 of them) are below average. The first time our table had a few different items: The steak - which was terribly under-cooked, and looked so unappetizing that my friend who ordered it hasn't eaten steak since that day, two months ago! Of course, the manager apologized and took it off our bill, which was the right thing to do & that is why I would give their service a full 5 stars. Other items on our table included the Chicken entree and the shrimp pasta. The chicken I remember as being decent, while the shrimp was not memorable. On our second visit there we had a good experience with the cocktails and appetizers, but again were disappointed by the main course. This time I had the grilled mushroom, while my husband tried the pie. The dishes weren't bad, but there was nothing amazing about them either. The price neither justified the portion nor the flavor. I'd go back there, but only to enjoy their bar, ambiance and the appetizers!
5	Business lunch today here and it was fabulous. Sweet potato waffle fries with the Farmboy burger and it's hard to be disappointed. Juicy, cheesy, bacony. All the goodness. Great variety of sandwich selections. Really want to make it back for dinner before too long.
1	After one hour enjoying our lovely meal, we were asked to leave for an upcoming reservation. It was probably the rudest thing I've been asked from a restaurant ever. I've worked in hospitality for years and would never do that to a group of guests. Awful treatment means that I will never recommend or visit this place again. Ever. Never.
2	My wife and I went the Nan and Byron's on Saturday night with friends of ours. We started with drinks at the bar (beer and margarita) and the margarita was good (as was the beer). After a 35-40 minute wait we were finally sat for dinner. We ordered the poblano pepper dip and the poppers, bot of which were really good. And they were willing to bring move chips for they dip which made that even more enjoyable.For dinner, my wife got the Pork and I got the Meatloaf. The Pork was very bland while also very sweet, but not in a good way. The Meatloaf was like bark and the supposed sriracha ketchup tasted like Heinz ketchup. Collectively, we decided that the food was better suited for room service. Lastly, we couldn't figure out the concept for the restaurant. It seems like they want to be southern, but then the menu doesn't fit that. Overall, Nan and Byron's is not worth the trip. Go to 300 east around the corner for a better meal.
3	I drive by this place everyday and have wanted to try it for a while now. So when my dad came down it was the perfect time to try something new! We arrived and had no trouble being seated outside. Our server was very friendly and so personable but not extreme menu knowledgable. But alas a sweet face and being friendly will get you farther. The beer menu was great since I had just been talking up all of our local beers to my dad. They had all local crafts on tap and my dad went with the Jam Session out of the noda brewery. I had the farmhouse lemonade which was delicious. So light and had fresh strawberries and lemons. The cayenne laced popcorn was wonderful. And being a bit more health conscious, I much more preferred that to bread or chips. For dinner I had the meatloaf (because anything with siracha is delicious) and my dad had the pork with baked beans. My two sides I chose were peas and carrots and mashed potatoes. My issue with the menu is it seems to be going for a farm to table concept? But no organic meats and very few veggies to chose from. (The only vegetable side was peas and carrots). My dinner was decent. Nothing overly special about it but I ate it all. My dads pork was wonderful. Very tender and didn't need a knife at all. The beans were a bit sweet but not with sugar? Maybe a spice of some sort. Very different. Overall the food was pretty good but the atmosphere here was awesome. Service was a tad on the slower side. I will be back but I want to try the Sunday brunch (which seem to be where all the 5 star reviews come from).
1	Went back to this restaurant for the first time since opening week and was extremely disappointed. The service was slow and unpleasant. The food was average at best. The manager on duty kept hovering over the bartender with an attitude. I talked this place up and to boot my friend felt ill the rest of the night after eating here. I will not go back again.
4	Ate here with some good friends today. The decoration theme is (according to my friend) American Gothic. The way they do it is very trendy. The music consisted of various classic rock bands including The Who, Rolling Stones, Led Zeppelin, and The Beatles. The vibes given off in this place were too perfect. And that was just as I sat down.We started with the Train Wreck Fries. You should start with that too.I ordered the pork dish: braised pork shoulder, baked beans, garlic herb crumbs. Too good to be true. The pork was so tender that it was melting, not falling apart. And the herb crumbs provided a delightfully crispy texture for the tender and juicy pork. Don't even get me started on the fat on that pork shoulder. It was like putting bubbles of pork-flavored butter in my mouth. I was literally crying inside when it was all gone. I had to eat slowly to savor this dish and not let it disappear so quickly.My friends ordered the steak, mushroom, and chicken dishes. All of them looked phenomenally appetizing.We had dessert. I can't remember exactly what we got because we just tore into them. But they were a perfect closing to our dinner.
5	There isn't one thing I can complain about here. I'm grateful to have a new addition like Nan and Byron's in Charlotte. I recently had brunch at Nan's, which was exceptional. The smorgasbord was heavy on goods like crab legs and shrimp with grits and low on boring pastries. I sat outside on the patio, which is super cool with its funky garage doors. I've also had dinner here, which is just as great. I am absolutely in love with the beet burger, a refreshing treat for a pescetarian like me.  All of the staff members are young, friendly and attentive. Definitely not any stuffiness here. So, if you're looking for superior food, a cool atmosphere and a trendy crowd/staff without the pretentiousness, you've stumbled upon the right spot. Can't wait to go back for brunch or dinner soon. P.S. - Don't miss the peppedew peppers as an appetizer. They are the most heavenly, creamy bites of deliciousness.
1	Tried Nan and Byron's today for brunch and was disappointed in all phases. First after being seated nobody came to our table until I went and asked the hostesses. We were seated around other tables being waited on and everyone working clearly saw we needed service. It was rather busy for Sunday brunch but they clearly had enough staff working at the time for the volume of people. For the rest of the meal, the waiter's attention was spotty at best and only checked on our table a few times. Moving on to the food, two in our party had the brunch buffet ($21 with a drink) and I ordered an omelette off the menu.  The waiter managed to spill coffee while filling a cup and walked off without attempting or offering to clean it up. We had to ask a nearby waitress at another table for something to clean it up. The impression I got from the two who ordered the buffet were disappointed with it being mediocre at best. The crab legs (selling point of the buffet) were overcooked and almost not worth the hassle or effort. The rest of the items were average and were on par with something you'd get from a mass catered event. Definitely not warranting of the $21 price. They were done with their second plates before I received my simple omelette with toast and home fries. The omelette was horribly overcooked and bland and they cut up sausage links (served on the buffet) to use in the omelette. I could have cooked a better one at home in 5% of the time it took to receive my plate. We also overheard/saw two other tables that had issues with their food or service and were being comp'ed or receiving discounts for their meals. Clearly there were multiple issues going on outside of just our table and experience. I am definitely puzzled why this restaurant was as busy as it was and with many positive reviews. I will not return.
3	I've eaten here three times now. I would describe the the restaurant as American-Southern with a modern twist. The location is great as Southend is always in need of good restaurants. My first visit was around Christmas time and the decor and lights made the restaurant festive and inviting. Now, the patio is open -  a nice seasonal touch. Positives++: Nice service, lively ambiance, unique drink menu, complementary spicy popcorn starterNegatives - -: Food has dropped in quality and presentation since opening, portions a little too small,  heavy on the fried food, not very veggie friendlyI would go back; it's a good place. They just need to take it up a notch.
5	Nan and Byron's is a great addition to the South End! A rustic style American restaurant putting a modern twist on favorite comfort foods. I've been here for both lunch and dinner. We sat on the patio for lunch on a nice 70 degree day. Even though we came in a the peak of the lunch rush the hostess was quick to help us and we didn't have to wait very long to be seated. The service was great. The lunch menu is filled with great sandwiches. I had the shaved Prime Rib sandwich with the saute corn. The bread was soft and the meat was perfect. The corn and my side salad was just as good. I could eat that sandwich everyday for the rest of my life! So I enjoyed my lunch so much I had to come back for dinner. I went Nan and Byron's dinner on a Friday night with some friends. We booked reservation through www.opentable.com. We definitely took advantage of the amazing and unique cocktails at Nan and Byron's. I definitely recommend the Cadillac Jalapeno Margarita. The dry rub and honey mustard wings were great. The dry rub had just enough seasoning and the honey mustard wings had a good kick to them. I had a Kitchen Sink Salad prior to my main entree. I was thrown off by the name but intrigued at the same time. It was a good salad. The salad was not over tossed in the dressing which is exactly how I like it. The chips gave the salad a nice crunch. For the main entree I tried their Meatloaf with mash potatoes and mac and cheese. The meatloaf was really good. I asked for some more of their Sriracha Ketchup and with server brought it right out. My friend had the Half Roasted Chicken. It was really good too. I love the flavors of the Peruvian rubs that the chicken is seasoned with. Dinner was a great experience that night. The room was lit just right. Not bright and not too dark. Drinks were flowing and the food was great. Dinner also had great service. I had a great time with my friends. I highly recommend Nan and Byron's to anyone who loves good food, atmosphere, design, and service. All in all it was a great dining experience for LUNCH and DINNERI do recommend Nan and Byron's
5	After visiting 5Church and absolutely loving their food, I was fortunate enough to experience Nan and Byrons when it first opened up. Just like it's sister restaurant, Nan and Byrons lives up to it's expectation. The inside decor is gorgeous and makes the restaurant warm and inviting. I typically sit on the bar side, while the other side of the restaurant is better for larger groups or couples looking for a more intimate setting while eating lunch/dinner. There are also TV's on the wall of the bar so it's a great setting for sports or big television events. When it comes to their food, I'm obsessed with the French Dip during the day and the Beet Burger at night. Both come with a choice of a side and I usually go for peas and carrots or the Mojito fries. I'm also obsessed with the popcorn that's served as an appetizer (in lieu of the traditional bread and butter.) When I'm not drinking my usual vodka water, I opt for the Nightshade Martini or the Farmhouse Lemonade. Both sweeter vodka drinks that accompany my meals nicely. The staff is awesome and they all make every customer feel as if they are welcome. I go to this restaurant probably 3x a week and will continue to do so. :)
5	I have been to Nan and Byron's several times now and love it more each time. The Nightshade Martini is hands down the best martini I've ever tasted. My favorite entree is the 8 oz. Prime Rib with the mac n cheese. The mac n cheese is a MUST TRY. Great service, great environment - definitely recommend this place.
5	Nan & Byron's has been on our "must try" list for a couple of months.   As soon as we walked in, we could tell that the restaurant has a very fun vibe to it!  The hostess was very pleasant and we were seated right away.  Our server came over right away with a basket of fresh seasoned popcorn.  I'm a popcorn NUT so this was the perfect way to make a great first impression!  We asked for drink/beer suggestions and were pleased with the recommendations.  My husband ordered the Meatloaf with Mac & Cheese and he loved it.  I ordered the Crispy Beet sandwich and it was awesome!  (It's like a larger version of the delicious beet sliders at their sister restaurant 5Church)Although the restaurant was pretty busy, we never felt rushed and the server did a great job of spreading the love around to all of her tables.It was a great meal and a great dining experience and we can't wait to go back for dinner and to give their Sunday Brunch a try!
4	Went here last night with my girl for dinner. The food was great! we got several dishes and split them so that we could try a bunch of different stuff. Our favorites were the poppers and the meatloaf, but everything was delicious. This is a great local spot with a very unique vibe and design. We will definitely be coming back many times.
2	The atmosphere of the place? Excellent. Of course, I might just be remembering Vinnie's, and they've done a great job reimagining the place. It looks great. Staff up front is fiendishly friendly as well.On the downside, the bar can get incredibly loud if you're there at the wrong time, which is to say if they are busy and you really don't want to be in a bar, but would rather just sit and have a nice dinner. The problem with this is that there are a few tables in the bar section, which is where they may seat you. Fine if you want to sit in a bar, but not so much if you want dinner.I will certainly second the popcorn that is brought out with a nice kick to it - very cool, and something you don't often see (I'm sure it's cheaper than bread too, but that doesn't really matter). The only problem is that there isn't a great way to get it out of the basket and onto the plates they give you - not a good choice if you're at a large table of people who don't really know each other. Having bowls or spoons or something would help here, and speaking of large table, we went through that popcorn in no time flat, and it was never refilled. Even chips at a lower-end Mexican place get refilled, so not sure if it usually is or if we hit them on a bad night, but we didn't see any more popcorn.The menu was actually really interesting, but poblano cheese served with house-made chips had great flavor, coupled with a strange consistency to the cheese made things seem really off. On the plus side, we ran out of chips on this dish, and those were replenished quickly. Guess they had more chips, but not more popcorn. The poppers were odd - you take a bite, and half of the breading falls onto the plate, while a large chunk of pepper remains in your mouth, and most of the cheese drips onto the plate in the form of grease. Not the best presentation I've seen, though the sauce was good.Oddly enough, the drinks were also refilled quickly - water, sodas, even beer. Maybe it was just the popcorn, but even dishes from the kitchen came out rather slowly, giving an overall impression of slowness to the whole night.When the main courses finally came out, it was a haphazard arrangement. The pork was a chunk of meat - and I don't mind a bunch of pork now - but little else, served in a bowl. Why serve a big chunk of meat in a bowl, with no bread or anything? Sure, you get a side, and that's okay, but a plate would be a much better choice. Corn (off the cob) is also served in a bowl, with no spoons, so getting it out with a fork is a challenge, and though there is spice available with sides, such as sriracha by itself or with ranch, it's charged per serving (and they don't mention this up-front, which is annoying). Flavors are good, but a bit on the bland side. Even "crispy" fries really aren't.It may have been an off night, but I'm not sure I'll give them a try again soon.
4	First time here. They really gave the old Vinnie's a complete new look. Decor fits the menu. Bar service was good. Initially service at the table started a little slow but he picked up the pace through the meal. The food was good. Nothing to complain about, just wasn't "over the top, gotta get back there really soon" in my opinion.
5	Awesome lunch on the patio on a beautiful sunny day! I've been anxious to try this restaurant since it opened! I knew going in I had to try the beet burger! Unique and delicious! My husband doesn't like beets but he tasted my burger and liked it enough to say he would order it sometime. It wasn't "beety" or earthy tasting. I had a hard time deciding on a side dish, but our waitress suggested the sweet potato waffle fries. They were good but too salty for my taste. I would order again but request less salt! My husband got the farmhouse burger and said it was good, but he felt bloated the rest of the day. Will definitely go back!! Yum yum!
4	I liked Nan and Byron! It was so loud in there so you had to yell to your seatmate but besides that I really liked the vibe and decor of the place. The service was really awesome and someone was always there when we needed them either to fill our water or to check in on how things were going. I loved the popcorn they had out at all the tables. Since I was starving it was great at holding me over until the appetizers made their way over. We started off with the deviled eggs which I wasn't a huge fan of but my dining companion loved them. We got the poppers based on the recommendation of Nikki W and they were really good! For dinner we split the meatloaf which was tasty along with the cheesy macaroni and cheese goodness that we got as a side.For dessert they had a brownie sundae with peanut butter ice cream. That thing did not disappoint. It could have used more ice cream but when one of the waiters noticed we had a lot of brownie left he even offered to bring us more. I really appreciate that level of service!
4	Very cool atmosphere. I had the meatloaf and it was pretty amazing. Looking forward to going back and trying something else.
2	We had gone to try out Nan and Byron's for the first time. Instantly liked the atmosphere and vibe. We had reservations and immediately sat down. The waitress was helpful with the food choices and served us our wine and subsequent dinner fairly quickly. The food was fantastic and instantly discussed how we wanted to come back and try again. Every table was full that night, and I could see when I walked to the restroom, so was the bar.  There were a few people waiting to be seated, but nothing crazy. Just a busy night at a restaurant. We had been at our table for 45-50 minutes as we were finishing our wine. A male hostess, for lack of knowing his real role, came an asked us if he could have our table to seat others. He said he would buy us drinks at the bar, but didn't offer us a seat at it for there were none. We had just paid the bill 5 minutes prior. We agreed to leave the table and stand to finish our wines. Both of us surprised that we just got kicked out of our table after spending a lot on dinner. When the same male hostess came back around, I stopped him to say, "I've been to a lot of restaurants, and never have I ever been kicked out of the table after spending almost $100 on a meal".   His response was that he was sorry, it was a busy night and he was only doing what he was told by the owner. My reply in turn was, "busy is what happens, if he wants people to return again and continue to be busy, you don't kick us out.  Please share that with him". I would have given this restaurant a 4 star, however, after being removed from our table in less than an hour, I'm giving it a 2.
5	So I returned to Nan's for the first time for dinner since the opening weekend (I frequent the brunch quite often and love it as much as the Saturday night drinks and dancing) and once again, I was NOT disappointed.  I went on Friday night and the weather was quite awful, so I didn't think it would be that busy.  I was wrong and it was packed! Despite this, we were seated very quickly and the service was awesome every step of the way.  The manager even came over the personally check on how our evening was going.  I started with the arugula salad which was amazing.  I decided to take a leap of faith and try the beet burger (I've never had a beet burger before) and I'm so glad I did!!  The beet was perfectly flash fried and the mac and cheese side was to die for! I washed it all down with a Nightshade martini, which I highly recommend.  It is delicious and so fresh tasting! And I was quite surprised, but I finished my meal with a cup of coffee and I was one of the best cups of coffee I've had - I need to find out what kind it is!I will definitely return for dinner and can't wait to try the other menu options!
1	Not good, prime rib was like steak and eggs at IHOP. Mac cheese tasted liked noodles w reduced milk! Someone needs to help this place out, the acoustics are that of a tunnel and you can't hear anything people two seats away are saying!
5	High class service and delicious food! We had a wonderful server and awesome experience. We sat on the patio and enjoyed a delicious brunch of eggs Benedict and Classic eggs over medium.Service was great; we were promptly seated and our server (Ryan) so beyond friendly and very knowledgeable about the restaurant and good. The buffet looked out of this world but we ordered off the menu, which was equally as good!I would recommend this for a casual and enjoyable brunch on Sunday! Cheers!
2	Two stars. One for the service and the other for the decor and atmosphere. Appetizer- Some kind of poblano dip we shared and it had a gravy like consistency and I hate to say it, tasted like hot dogs a bit. Ran out of chips as there weren't many to start with.Meals- I ordered the fish and chips and the coating looked like a well done french baguette. The fish itself was over cooked and the fries seemed to be out of the freezer.My wife ordered their chicken sandwich.. Simple right? Nope. What looked like a merita bun a piece of lettuce and a tomato... No flavor at all. Then the peas and carrots side looked like something you grab from teeters freezer aisle.Then our friend had a grilled cheese sandwich that was one piece of toast cut in half and toasted... The cheese was barely melted and the tomato soup had the consistency of marinara sauce.The only person at our table that was happy was the one who ordered the brunch buffet. So that is a plus I suppose.I wanted to love this place but they missed the mark big time with the food. I really regret not asking the waiter and the front of the house manager to try the food. They really were apologetic and accommodating and the service as I said was pretty good. But they really need to know the quality of the stuff they put out so they can serve with even more confidence.
5	Great service, prices and food. We were celebrating my best friends engagement and Sarah brought us complementary champaign. She went above and beyond to help make it a special night.
5	Did you say farm to table?  Why yes I did.  Did you say indoor seating that slides open on warm days? Why yes I did. Did you say they use interesting flavors and textures on their menu like chicken wings glazed with ghost peppers in honey mustard sauces and crispy cornmeal fried beat sandwiches topped with a avacado and boursin cheese on a brioche bun? What about the timid folks what will they eat? Burgers, steak, meatloaf,  chicken, ok. What's for dessert?  Fudge brownie topped with coffe ice cream and Ancho chocolate Chile sauce. OK. When can we go?
2	This is the second time that I've gone to Nan & Byron's, once when they first opened and the second with a large party. In this review, we'll focus on the large party experience. This past friday night I was put in charge of organizing the dinner plans for a friend's 30th birthday dinner. My biggest pain point was the large party reservation process. First, when my reservation increased to over 10 people, I had to get in touch with the catering sales manager. The hosts on the phone would not take my reservation as they explained to me "they weren't allowed to". No problem. I can talk to someone else, but then I was expected to get in touch with that person, not the other way around, well it kinda ticked me off. Insert first pain point of customer service irritation. The next day that I called to change the reservation, I was instructed that once again "I" needed to get in touch with sales, and then I was informed that I would have to sign agreement, put a credit card on file and pay a $10 cover for any no shows. I get it - no shows and changes in reservations flat out suck, they do. However, when the most expensive entree on the menu is less than $20, I find this process a bit tough to swallow. Exhibit B of pain point. Now, after getting in touch with catering sales manager, I will say that she was very timely, professional and accommodating with the process. Not sure if this was on done on her behalf, but in lue of having to split up our tables inside the restaurant, we took the chances of sitting outside. Since we were gambling all our dinner plans around weather circumstances, the large party booking process was dismissed. Guess what... it turned out to be a glorious Charlotte evening. One that would have been perfect for sitting in the sweet Carolina air. Guess where my party sat... inside. After all the muss and fuss of not being able to find a table inside, that's exactly where we ended up. Strike 3! Moving on to the actual dining experience, our server was a doll. He took good care of us, kept the drinks flowing and timing was good except at the very end, when it took a solid 30+ minutes for checks and all. Food was average, drinks were yummy and decor was fab as always, but I certainly walked away feeling like I had just taken a big ol' swig of bitters from behind the bar. All and all, I might swing by for a lunch if that's where a friend wanted to eat, but it probably won't be on my list of recommendations anytime soon.
2	Server was great, ambiance nice, decor very cool. Veggies and hummus dip were good and popcorn was nice to munch on. Ordered a small garden salad and was extremely disappointed at the few pieces of lettuce that arrived. Nothing else just a few pieces of lettuce. Friend ordered grilled chicken salad. Same thing- few stray pieces of lettuce and very small piece of chicken. Others ordered beet burger and pleased. I'll know better next time!
4	I've been here twice. Once for lunch once for dinner great service and food both times. French dip and Mac and cheese are awesome.
4	We chose Nan and Byron's for our Mother's Day brunch, and couldn't have been more pleased. The setting was casual enough for our 4-year-old to not be a distraction, the service friendly, and the food outstanding.The buffet choices included a terrific selection of dry-rubbed chicken wings, shrimp n' grits, and meatloaf, along with fresh fruit, sliced salmon and much more. I found myself going back more often than I expected, and walked out completely satisfied. With a convenient South End location, spacious patio, generous beer selection and wonderful food, Nan and Byron's will definitely be on our go-to-list of great Charlotte restaurants.
1	Quite disappointed in our visit today on Memorial Day. After being seated and given our glasses of water we received zero attention from the staff. I should preface this by saying they were most likely understaffed and weren't expecting customers on a holiday. We noticed several tables had been sitting for a long time with no food or drinks on the table. Then we saw a family sit down and didn't get any service for over 15min, they got up and left. We followed suit and left with no apology from the manager. I'd hope they can plan ahead next time for a holiday weekend.
3	I have been to Nan and Byron's twice.  Once with a large group and one with another couple for dinner.  They definetly did a much better job with our smaller group.  So I would probably not choose somewhere else to dine with a large group for a special occasion.The atmosphere in there is kind of a farmhouse feel but upscale casual. Parking on a busy night is kind of pain but they do have valet which is nice. I got the meatloaf and really enjoyed it but did not feel like it was anthing extrodinary.  I think that their cocktail selection is what I enjoyed most.  They had a wide variety of cocktails that were fun to try.  I would suggest stopping in here for a drink at the bar for sure.
3	I used to LOVE this place, went all of the time, solely for the beet burger. The recipe changed! No more thick beet medallions - the burger is now more deep fried breaking than beets. Disappointing! I haven't been blown away by other menu options. Hoping they go back to the old recipe. Hubby likes the burgers a lot, as well as local beer options.
5	Love this place. Great food, drink and service. I highly recommend it. Nan's was able to quickly accommodate a large party for us even though we had no reservations and it was packed. Def try the new filet and chicken dish they just added to the menu!
2	Pretty active bar scene on a Wednesday night, the place was packed as was the dining area. Ordered the meat loaf...yuck! And this is supposed to be one of their signature dishes. The meatloaf was dry. It was sitting on a bed of very dry mashed potatoes that almost seemed like they were instant and they didn't add enough water. With it were some peas that we're shriveled up.  At least the drinks were good. And that is the only reason I would go back here.
1	went there for first time earlier in the week for lunch and it was great- enjoyed it so much that I made resv. for my kids and hubby for Sunday Brunch- it was Extremely disappointing- a waste of money- flies were landing on food- a lot of it was undercooked and   getting servers to wait on us at the start took 10 min. to get a glass of water and a greeting from someone- it was not even busy then. was not worth the 24 bucks per person.  Nan and Byrons  can do good food, but Sunday brunch is not  when  they. are doing  it..... don't try to do clever "riffs" on classic dishes- just please do them well and pay attention to them....
3	So anyone who has read any of my reviews should know that I am a excellent cook and it is really hard for me to find food in restaurants that really excites me. Of course Nan's is in this category. We went for Fathers day Sunday Brunch and the staff was great. The buffet was the only thing available and the selection was excellent. The taste left much to be desired. The line started with muffins and Danish which were fine but not homemade. Next was a seafood tower with excellent shrimp oysters and crab legs wonderful cocktail sauce( mines better) and two salads. Dressings were nothing special and the Caesar was a little too creamy for my taste. Next was potatoes and eggs. The potatoes were under cooked and eggs over but hey it's a Buffett. Grutss were good bacon and sausage were there and that famous meatloaf was too herbal for me . I need to go back and order from the menu
5	My BFF turned 30 this past Sunday. Her only request was recognizable food & an excellent cocktail list. Nan & Byron's in South End came highly recommended by friends & local media, and they did not disappoint.We started with the Train Wreck Fries. These were amazing. The delicious fries were covered in chili, poblano cheese, sriracha ranch, scallions. We completely killed this platter of fries. We didn't finish them, but we made a pretty significant dent in them.Before our dinners came out, we also enjoyed our cocktails. I had the 'Farmhouse Lemonade' which was Bacardi Limon, Strawberry Vodka, Limoncello, citrus juices, muddled fresh strawberries and lemon. Our table wasn't quite outside, but we were close enough that it was pretty hot. This is was super delicious and so refreshing.Brittany had the 'Nightshade Martini', which was Pearl Pomegranate Vodka, POM Pomegranate Juice, muddled mint and fresh cucumber. I didn't have any of hers, but she loved it. Her only change would have been that the cucumbers should have been soaked in the cocktail.We both LOVED our dinners. I typically go for seafood, but everyone raved about their red meat entrees. They were in the process of changing their menu, so the prime rib I had planned to get wasn't an option. So, I went for the Delmonico. It was 10 oz. spice rubbed and served with crushed Yukon potatoes, crispy onions, and a red wine sauce. This was absolutely delicious. The meat was tender and full of flavor, and the potatoes had a really cool texture. Different from mashed potatoes and smashed potatoes, and very tasty. The cloves of garlic that came with it were also a perfect little flavor surprise.Britt had the meatloaf. It came with sriracha ketchup, but she wasn't sure if she'd like it, so she asked for it on the side. I didn't try any of this, but she loved it. I couldn't get over the size of the portion. It was a HUGE serving of meatloaf, veggies and potatoes.Unfortunately we both finished our meals, so neither of us had any desire for dessert. Well, there was a desire, but there was no room. At all. But our meal was worth it. Everything was delicious and our server was wonderful! I'll definitely be back on a future Charlotte visit. so
5	I've been to Nan and Byron's a few times, for dinner and for cocktail hour, neither of which disappointed. The shredded chicken tacos are on point and the jalapeno margarita is a must have! The modern farmhouse feel makes it very welcoming, and parking is quick and easy! I will definitely be back!
4	The owners of 5 Church have done it again with Nan and Byron's. We started lunch with the Pablano Cheese dip and the Poppers. Both were excellent! I ordered the meatloaf sandwich due to the stellar reviews on Yelp and I was glad that I did.  The pan seared meatloaf was full of flavor - crispy on the outside and tender on the inside.  The Mojito fries were good but not great.  I think I had built them up in my head to taste a certain way and they just didn't live up to the mint/lime flavor I was expecting.  The ambiance inside the restaurant is pretty trendy.  Certainly a cool place to enjoy a nice meal and a few drinks with friends.
2	Let me start by saying that if it was just food that I was evaluating it would have been a 4  star rating...however, I have to rate the entire experience.  My partner and I visited last evening and had a nice dinner - food was excellent, the popcorn that they serve when you first arrive is very flavorful and the wait staff was efficient.  After dinner however, we decided to stay to have a drink or two at the bar - this is where things went south.  They had one bartender serving the entire restaurant and she was simply overwhelmed.  It took more than 10 minutes to get a beer and once finished took at least 15 min for her to even notice that our beer and wine glasses were empty.  We wanted to order an appetizer to snack on, but simply couldn't get her attention.  For our check, we had to stop the manager and ask for our check, which he brought to us after another wait period.  Bottom line, they really need help at the bar during the peak hours - they honestly lost money we were ready to spend on more food and drinks....If you are going to Nan and Byron's, expect good, unique food choices - but expect a long wait for drinks, unless we came on a fluke day where they were simply understaffed.
3	Had dinner here for a friend's bday dinner. Atmosphere was nice. Servers were polite yet not very knowledgable about the menu or drinks. The pimento cheese spread was not what we expected. Very disappointed, however the cheese dip served with homemade potato chips was amazing. A must have!!!Parking is an absolute nightmare. We thought they had valet and come to find out it's only on certain nights. One a side note DO NOT SIT IN THE ROOM OFF TO THE SIDE. There is AC and it is extremely uncomfortable. When asked about it. The sever said its always like that. Very poor circulation.
5	The Mushroom Crepe was excellent and an incredible hearty vegetarian dish. Wish there were more places in Charlotte offering such a variety of options of just veggies but this spot is always dependable.
4	For starters, I love the look of this restaurant. This place is very rustic/farmhouse and is very aesthetically pleasing. The food was good but I was not ~blown away~. I decided to venture out of my normal comfort zone and go for the beet burger. No regrets here, it was quite tasty. The sides however are what were lacking. My friends and I all got different sides for the most part and they were all just ok, not great for what you are paying. A lot of my sweet potato fries were burnt so that was pretty disappointing. Great and friendly service though and I would go back to try another dish. I got their special Gin cocktail (forget the name they call it) and it was good. Also tried some farmhouse lemonade which was good as well.
5	I just tried some new additions to the menu that I had to write a review on. Nan and Byron's have added two new steak dishes and a seasonal fish. I've tried the Delmonico which is their 10oz rib eye. I got it med rare and it was great! I also tried my date's catch of the day which is a fish wrapped in banana leaves. The fish was steamed and very mild. I loved the sauce. I thought that was cool and it put a little Asian twist to the dish. You want to try a good cocktail? Try the Refashioned especially if you like bourbon. I'll be back real soon.
2	In a nutshell, good food marred by bad service.It started with a hostess who seemed annoyed by her job and decided to seat all the tables next to each other even though there was plenty of space in the restaurant.  Our waiter was personable, but failed to tell us about any specials or give us a drink menu and when we asked, he described their Queen's Feast dinner offering which was strange since we were there for lunch.We ordered the chicken soup, a side of green beans, and the famous beet burger.  We also let him know that we were in a hurry (due to a meeting) and if he could please expedite our order.  He was smiles all around, assuring us he would.  The popcorn came out quickly, so we munched and waited.  And waited.  And waited.If this had been a full restaurant I would have understood the delay, but it was well after the lunch rush and there were no large groups seated before us.  When the food finally arrived, my girl had to immediately return her soup. The waiter had put his thumb on the inside of the bowl while carrying it over to our table.  That's a huge screw up.  When we sent it back he didn't even ask why.  Another service faux pas.  The beet burger was as good as everyone said it was and the green beans were nice if a bit salty.  When half-way done with our food we asked for the check.  Again, we were in a hurry and let the waiter know this.  So we waited.  And waited.  There's nothing more infuriating than needing to be at an appointment and watching your waiter shoot the breeze with a colleague instead of printing out your check.He finally drops the check off and disappears.  I put my card onto their clipboard then tried to grab his attention.  He was nowhere to be found.  I was reaching the boiling point when my girl just got up from the table, tracked him down, and handed him our check.  After all this BS you can imagine what my tip was.Our lunch was disappointing.  Even though the beet burger was fantastic, I couldn't really enjoy it because I was so pissed off at the inconsiderate service.  If the place had been slammed I would have understood, but this wasn't even a half full restaurant.No clue if we'll go back.  Their menu is tempting, but what's the point when the piss poor service makes your stomach turn?
5	First time an it was amazing I started with the caprese salad than grilled salmon with kale an potatoes . The salmon was perfectly flakey delish not to mention the beet vinergrette wow an I don't like beets lol my friend ordered the beet burger I did have a bite an I was very impressed. Great taste they lightly fry it or bake but on a bun w avacado n cheese I'll try that next time. I finished that meal off with their turtle cheesecake wonderful it was NY style mmm it was smack your mama delish.Lookin forward to next time an I saw a lot of people ordering the app hush puppies mm
4	I have to say, the restaurant itself is very welcoming and so is the staff! As we walked in there were smiles from everyone! They make you feel like you belong there. Our waiter was Kevin and he was awesome! Gave us some great recommendations. We had the chilled shrimp and peppedew poppers. OMG- the poppers definitely hit the mark! We both had filet as well and they were cooked to perfection. The only suggestion I would give is to add more spices. We had to add salt to our plate. All in all a great place to eat and wonderful atmosphere!
2	We wanted to try a new restaurant so decided on giving Nan and Byron's a try.  My girlfriend and I  found the atmosphere pleasant and the staff friendly (but very green).  Our food was served lightning fast which told me it had been precooked or partially precooked prior to us ordering.  When I pay $20 for a simple chicken dish, I at least expect it to be cooked fresh.  The chicken was very dry and flavorless as well.  Quite frankly, I found the entire meal to be flavorless, very boring and we felt rushed based on how quickly they brought us our food and bill.  For what you get, this place is way overpriced and very forgettable.  I guess I would go back if someone put a gun to my head but hopefully that won't happen for quite some time.
4	Ambiance = pretty good Service = okay, but a bit slowFood = goodPrices = a bit on the high side Drinks = good selection but a bit priceyGood for groups, but bring a side of patience and an extra $20 for good measure
3	I can't say this enough...the service is great. I took my sisters this time for charlotte restaurant week. My husband and I went the week before and it was good! It appears they shrunk the size of the peppedew poppers app during the week. We did have to hush puppies as a new item and they were good. Unfortunately the entree I had was just okay. The chicken was extremely dry. The dessert - a shortcake could have used a little more sauce and more than 2-3 berries. It seemed like they skimped on the extras a bit this time around. Good place to try, but not sure we would say this is a favorite of ours.
3	Decent Saturday brunch buffet with seafood. There were a lot of options including: crab legs, oysters, smoked salmon, eggs, grits, biscuits and gravy, bagels, fruit, bacon, sausage, and salads, etc. I'd probably like to try somewhere else out first before returning, as it was just okay here at N&B's. Nothing really stood out or was memorable.
1	I hate giving this place a low rating because the food was good and our service was excellent, but my boyfriend and I had a horrible dining experience due to the following:We decided to try this restaurant on a Sunday. It was crowded, and still early, so there were families nearby. Despite this, a gentleman and what appeared to be a stripper were all over each other next to our table. This was our date night, so watching a girl sit on a guy's lap and make out with the guy next to me was disturbing. I later found out that this guy was an owner, a friend informed me that his name is Mills. Not only this but we were seated at one of the banquettes against the wall, where I had to slide into the table to be seated. The purses/bags/random clothing items from the party next to us were spilling into the section where I was sitting, and they did not bother to move them so I could sit. Once again, the party next to us was that of someone who owns part of this restaurant. If I wanted to have a date at a strip club, I would do exactly that. I'm all for watching a lap dance, but not on date night where I'm dropping $100+ on a meal, and not in front of families and children. I highly recommend rethinking this business strategy, or at least practicing mild class.
1	How to start this out? First impressions of this sister restaurant of 5 Church is less than mediocre. From the front when you first walk in you expect a place that's gonna give you great choices of meat, fish, and poultry localized, and taking advantage of the great farm to table scene we have here in Charlotte, but what we came to find out that's it's nothing more than the "college kids craigslist apartment of the culinary world".  Not one thing matches each other. NOTHING! The decor and ambience were very nice, open floor plan, very inviting, beautifully rustic with an urban feel, but only leaves you with the giant question mark or sour taste in you mouth from wanting more. (Looks aren't everything) When we first sat down we asked what exactly was the concept of the restaurant, and we were informed that it's "comfort food"? The only comfort I found was ending this Enigma of a night and asking for the bill. In regards to the food, poor selection, limited menu, no creativity nor flavor, and overall bland. Only 12 items that suspiciously resemble what I can receive at a place that's on the corner of 5th and church (hint, hint). It's like 4 people came up with an idea of what sells at one place, we'll through it on a menu, and add smashed bland potatoes, or a truck load of crispy onions, re-name the place in a different location and call it a day. We all understand Charlotte is not a culinary Mecca if you will, but this tom foolery is not pulling a fast one on anyone. I mean pop corn to start out at the table? Really? Something that's cheap and adds no complement nor nutritional value to the apparent question mark that's already lingering in the room. You just end up asking yourself why?The one saving grace of this place, was something so small and minute that I wouldn't even call it saving. POPOVERS! Tasty and savory. About the only thing that actually challenged my palate whatsoever.
4	We had a pleasant dinner here recently. The waiter was very nice and the food was delicious! We started with the Peppedew Poppers. They needed a little something extra, like maybe a bit of goat cheese or some spicy heat. But, I love peppers and they were perfectly crispy! We split the chicken and the pork chop. Both were really very good. The bacon & blue cheese popover that accompanies the chicken was flavorful and baked just right. The cheddar-jalapeno grits that accompany the pork chop... I could have eaten a bowl of them by themselves!
1	How disappointing, Nan and Byron's lost our business. We ordered from here via foodie call and the order showed up short one tomato soup/grilled cheese and the cheeseburger had no side in the box! (not that it matters but we asked for potato chips) Being the understanding customers we are, we get that accidents happen. So we contacted foodie call and they contacted Nan and Byron's, who claimed that everything was in the order. Seriously? The missing tomato soup I get because we ordered two, but to send out an entree without the side? Come on. They should have at least fixed the problem, we love the food but sadly, due to principal we won't be dining or drinking here ever again.Technically they owe us about 10 dollars, thanks a lot Nan and Byron's.UPDATE: Nan & Byron's did contact foodie call after seeing this review to refund my entire order. It was disappointing that it took me taking the problem to yelp to get this accomplished. None the less they did take the time to seek me out and refund me not only for the missing food but for the entire order. Thank you nan and byrons, hopefully we won't have the same problem next time :)
3	I wanted to wait and give Nan & Byron's a fair shake and go a number of times, especially since I love their sister restaurant 5 Church. It has a very different vibe than 5 Church- a more casual, yet still hopping atmosphere with rustic interior touches. I've been here for cocktails, dinner and three times for lunch. It's totally appropriate for SouthEnd.I highly endorse it for a place to meet friends for cocktails. Their cocktail/bar menu is inventive and delicious. The bartenders are pretty speedy and friendly. As Chad mentioned, the popcorn they give you is a nice way to give your mouth something to crunch on that I believe is nonfat (it's not oily, salty or buttery). It's a good thing because food comes out really really slowly and often not coordinated. In my experience if you have a table of 2, the meals come out at the same time. But if you have more than 2, it's your guess at what order/timing everything will come out. I don't mind that at a tapas place where you're sharing plates with friends, but in a business context where you have  a sandwich and someone else has another sandwich or salad and you're not sharing, it's polite to wait until everyone has their meal.  The other complaint I have about the timing is that the three times I've been for lunch have extended to a 2-hour lunch unnecessarily. Apparently you should announce a the beginning of the meal to your server that you need to get back to work. After about an hour and a half, the last time my coworkers and I had lunch, we asked for the check (even though we weren't done) because we had to get back to work and the server seemed genuinely surprised. Huh? It's a weekday, why wouldn't we have to go back to work??? It was bizarre. Anyway my point is, it's totally fine for a catch up lunch with a friend on a weekend, but beware of a long lunch if you're a working stiff. To the food... the peppadew poppers are really interesting and if you're willing to throw caution of calories to the wind, I highly endorse them.  The meatloaf is very grilled - I like the taste of it but the hubs did not. I appreciated the sriracha ketchup.  I do not really like the chicken- it runs very dry and the green beans I've had twice and both times they were over cooked.  If I were to go back for dinner I'd like to try the mushroom with quinoa or Tofu since their vegetarian entrees seem to be more interesting than their carnivorous ones.   For lunch, I definitely like the beet burger with boursin - it's my favorite thing on the menu. They brag about the farmhouse burger but there was something about it I didn't like. It was either the BBQ sauce or the poblano cheese, but the consistency and taste wasn't so good. Based on the wait my burger was "dying in the window" for a while and the cheese coagulated leaving a grainy, weird consistency. So my tip is definitely get the beet burger- you can't get that anywhere else, build your own burger. My friends really like the South End chicken hoagie too.  Though one time two of them got it and they came out at 2 different times and had different things on it. For dessert, the shortcake is very heavy. We were able to take 2 bites of it and the rest went uneaten. The PB&J was very interesting and different so my favorite of the two. Next time I'd try the brownie sundae with chili sauce. Bottom line- 2.5 stars - this is a place for cocktails or a place to go if you need something greasy, but just make sure you're not in a hurry or expect fantastic service.
5	Brunch is Awesome. You can choose from salads to meatloaf and shrimp with grits to crab legs and french toast. It was wonderful. Panthers game was on too and it was nice with the garage door open. My 3rd visit and I am always suprised.
3	Yesterday was my second visit to Nan & Byron's.  The only reason I give three stars for this visit is the service.  My girlfriend and I stopped in on a whim after a hike, and decided to have Sunday brunch... we were so hungry, and I remembered the Beets Benedict being SO delicious from my first visit last spring.  We were not greeted as we entered.  We stood there for a few minutes as the host walked away to seat another couple.  A hostess arrived after a short wait, and asked if we'd like to be seated inside or out... she then seated us after a few minutes.  We were NOT promptly greeted by a waiter... when he did finally come by with water we already knew what we wanted.  We ordered, he left.  The food came quickly, but the delivery was rude to say the least... the food was brought to the table by another server, and he sat it down in front of us and walked away without a word.  I was stunned.Now, let me take you back to my first visit... Last spring, after a serious hot yoga class, some of my fellow yoga-practitioners decided to stop in for a bite... we were hot, dirty, sweaty, and the restaurant was almost empty... we were greeted with a smile, seated promptly, given time to order, brought coffee, received tips on the menu... service with a BIG smile, yadda-yadda-and so forth... I was AMAZED and dazzled... the food here is well prepared, and excellent...The food yesterday was equally good.  Well prepared, etc... but I cannot ignore when not one, not two, but three people were curt with us on one visit... we were not greeted well when we entered, we were neither greeted nor served water quickly upon being seated, and we were treated rudely when served.  The best smile I saw on our visit yesterday came when the check was brought over.It will probably be awhile before I return, and I hope the service will improve.  Crappy service really can spoil an otherwise delightful meal.
5	After having a handful of very good meals here, today I got extra lucky when I scored Kevan as my server. He is a self-professed food and drink connoisseur who nailed every recommendation with amazing accuracy. We had the nightshade martini to start (pomegranate juice with muddled cucumber and mint leaves to add some unexpected fresh flavor twists) followed by the kitchen sink salad and then the beet burger. Admittedly, I have seen that beet burger many times on the menu before, but immediately discarded it as a possible choice. It took server Kevan's encouragement to give it a try -  and boy am I glad I did as it is absolutely my favorite burger on the planet at the moment!
3	My wife and my daughter and I gave Nan & Byron's a try for their Sunday Brunch buffet. Nice selection with a few of the usual items - scrambled eggs, sausage links, bacon, biscuits, grits - and a few that were a bit more unusual including a huge tray of oysters, large shrimp, meatloaf squares and a good few things made with sweet potatoes.I particularly enjoyed the shrimp (with a New Orleans remoulade, but would have preferred a classic cocktail sauce) and the sweet potato au gratin. Sliced salmon was good too, but I didn't really feel like waiting for the toaster to toast.Service was okay with a waiter who refilled Diet Coke often but coffee not as much. I think he was maybe disappointed that we didn't go all in for the refillable mimosas or bloody marys. We're not all booze drinkers, ya know?Parking's challenging with a small lot but there are some spots to be found on the street.
2	Nan and Byron's is a great concept and the place is cool in terms of style and ambiance but I wasn't all that impressed.  I thought it was especially comical that they have valet parking when their parking lot is literally 40 yards long and probably 20 wide.  I'm sure that if I parked at the furthest point away from the front door that it would have taken me all of about 26 seconds to reach the door.  The wait staff came off pretentious and fake; almost patronizing.  When I asked for her personal opinion/recommendations her immediate response was the two most expensive things on the menu and it seemed so rehearsed that it wasn't believable  for a second it was her honest opinion but rather the highest yielding meals for her tip.It was weird.  The food was ok, I actually deleted everything I had written here because it sounded so terrible I felt bad posting it.  But the reality is the food may have been better than I thought. I have to concede that I was so consumed with irritation by my server that the food just faded into the background as I counted down the minutes until I could pay the bill and leave.
4	It's hard to decide what to eat when everything sounds so creative and delicious. I settled on the scallops with Brussels sprouts while my husband got tuna with tofu and edamame. We both liked out dishes but agreed the scallops were better. The cocktails Are just as tasty as the good, I highly recommend starting with one such as the re-fashioned or dancing cranberries. While the food isn't mind blowing - it is pretty good and the service and atmosphere make the experience even better. Definitely will be going back.
5	[This review is for the Sunday brunch buffet]This is what I expect out of a brunch buffet. A decent number of standard-fare breakfast items (scrambled eggs, pancakes, bacon/sausage) paired with a nice selection of unique savory fare (shrimp n' grits, fried chicken, crab legs, oysters). Everything was cooked really well and kept reasonably fresh in the buffet. The shrimp n' grits were by far my favorite.My only negative comment (which wasn't bad enough to warrant removal of any stars) is that the buffet setup itself was a little awkward. It was difficult to open up the buffet platters without the platters sliding around and feeling like they were going to fall off the table. There was also a metal bar attached to the sneeze-guard that ran across the front of the buffet that made it difficult to maneuver when serving yourself. Minor issue but could stand to be improved.Overall I was really impressed. It's probably been one of my favorite meals so far in Charlotte.
2	I expected much better or the price and the atmosphere.
2	After having read so many positive comments and reviews, I was really disappointed after my experience here. The food was underwhelming and the staff was not very accommodating. Sadly, I don't believe that I'll be returning anytime soon
1	I have many other places I could spend 50 dollars for brunch for 2 people!  They ran out of fried chicken before 1 pm. The buffet was just OK.
2	Sunday Brunch Buffet Review:- Food: decent selection (pastries, biscuits & gravy, bacon, sausage, shrimp & grits, eggs, pancakes, french toast, home fries, mac & cheese, potato chips & pimento cheese, chicken fried rice (?!), crab legs, shrimp, and oysters). but, nothing tasted above average except the biscuits and sriracha ketchup. most of the items were not fresh. oysters were terrible.- Service: absolutely average, if not slightly awkward. - Value: meh. For $21, it wasn't worth it for me. I know, I know, you get a mimosa or bloody included... but the mimosa was super weak and the bloody was tiny, and the food didn't make up for it. Bistro la Bon's brunch buffet is better.
3	Went here for dinner on a weekday, no wait and was able to enjoy one the last nice days at a table outside. No issue with service.  Instead of bread, they bring out seasoned popcorn. Was not about to start my meal getting popcorn stuck in my teeth...it was a bid odd since we weren't even drinking cocktails.  Ordered the pork belly appetizer; the pork was dry, tough and not very flavorful. Entrees included steak and a chicken dish. The main proteins were cooked well, however the sides were lacking in flavor and did not compliment the dish. We did not elect to try dessert. Overall I would not go back or recommend this place, I was just happy the main proteins were half way decent.
2	Happy Thanksgiving. I have a lot to be thankful for. This place and the experience I had was definitely not one of them. To save you some time, my honest opinion is that I woulde NOT pick Nan & Byron's for anything again.My wife and I decided to see my family in Dallas during Christmas break so we stayed in Charlotte and I chose Nan & Byron's for lunch after the Novant Health Thanksgiving parade because Capital Grille was all booked and I go to 5Church too often. The fact that the same management runs 5Church made me feel confident about my decision.They weren't ready when we walked in. We walk in, tell the guy who greeted us that we had a reservation and he goes, "you don't have a reservation?" in the way that sounded like 'why are you here so early.' I did have a reservation by the way. He just didn't hear me right the first time.He shows us the table and while we walk towards it, there's the entire restaurant employees sitting in a circle chatting although their business hours clearly started. By this time, I'm pretty much thinking this is going to be a disaster so let's try my best to have fun.So, we wait for the apps, and we got happy because the biscuits and the salads were good. The turkey and the pork were not good, on the other hand. I tried to be a good sport though. And that was my Thanksgiving lunch at Nan & Byron's, where I didn't find a reason to go back to.
4	Got the Wagyu Flank and it was AMAZING!  A little noisy but we did have two large parties on either side of us.  Will definately be going back.
4	This was my third time here. We went for lunch at an off time so it was very quiet in the restaurant. They provide a basket of some spicy popcorn while you wait for your food. Yum. Make sure you have some water on hand  if spice gets you. This particular visit I went for the salmon soft tacos. They came with more than enough lettuce, tomato, the most delicious guacamole and cheese for days. The flavor on the salmon was perfect and I was more than full as you get three tacos. My friend got the turkey club and loved it. She also got some salted caramel dessert, which I snuck a bite, and it was ohmygod good. I love this place. I love the country chic decor. It's casual and comfy. The only issue I had was.. It was dead and our server wasn't the most attentive. She was just standing around talking while we waited for water refills. I'm not one who needs much - but I could see this being an issue if it were busier.  Overall- I would most definitely go back!
2	We either got the waiter's first night or they need improvement. It wouldn't have been that bad, but the food was over-priced for the quality, which was exacerbated by the service.I think it has potential, but a little ways to go.
3	Nothing special here.  Went for Sunday brunch.  The buffet looked very delicious, I had an a la cart omelet that was very good, however nothing to write home about.  Service was rather mediocre as well.  Nothing horrible about this place, but nothing special either.  I will not go back, due to the abundance of better places in the area.
3	Pros: popcorn! They give you buttery, perfectly seasoned popcorn before the meal. A different and unique idea than the standard bread. My husband's pork chop was perfectly cooked. Lots of menu options and I like that they have vegetarian options, like the beet burger.Cons: the two apps we ordered weren't worth the price. The fried oysters were tiny, but tasty, although underseasoned. I didn't feel like we were getting our money worth. I ordered the meat loaf, which was dry, and the mashed potatoes, which were underwhelming and like the meat loaf, also a bit dry.We may or may not come back.
