5	Afraid of who might be installing your garage door?  Unsure of the staff selected to enter your home? Don't be with Lodi.  Lodi kicks up the normally blue collar work with an air of professionalism and efficiency unheard of in this line of work.  They practically installed my garage door in between breaths (slight exaggeration) but still really quickly!  I could tell right away as the installer introduced himself there was nothing to worry about.  Integrity is job 1 AT Lodi, and it shows.
5	First time calling this company for garage door repair.  Impressed!  They responded within two hours.  Took the time to do the job right.  I highly recommend this company for your garage door issues.
5	The spring on my garage door broke, Lodi came out right away and fixed it quickly. The person I had talked to was very informative, pleasant, and helpful. And the man who did the repair was  dry nice, professional, he did a great job. Not only did they fix the broken spring, but our door has never operated as well as it does after he fixed the spring. I think he really went above and beyond, he adjusted things, lubed parts, it operates better and is far quieter than before.I'll definitely use Lodi again.
5	The spring on our garage door broke and we had no idea who to call.  Lodi was recommended to us but they werne't specific as there are a few under this name.  I choose Lodi Garage Doors & More and was stunned they sent someone out within 1.5 hours!  They also quoted me on the phone and were so nice in setting up the appointment and calling back to confirm.Gene was our technician, he was efficient, friendly and did a fantastic job.  I will be passing Lodi's name on for sure and if repairs are needed in the future I will not hesitate to call!  Thank you for you quick, professional, friendly service!
5	I was very stressed out when our garage door broke, but after the excellent customer service from Lodi, I feel much better. I know nothing about garage doors, but Darlene knew right away that it was a broken spring (even though my description, lacking any technical terminology, was probably not too helpful).  Darlene made it a point to get to me as soon as possible even though she was clearly extremely busy.  She was knowledgeable, professional, and helpful. Darlene was why I chose Lodi over another available competitor (the man who answered the telephone at the competitor was unpleasant, unclear, and advised me that he could not give me any type of estimate of cost until after the work was completed).Darlene made an emergency appointment for technician Gene to come out and fix our garage door.  I was told Gene would arrive between 6:30 PM and 7:30 PM and he showed up just before 7:00 PM (prompt!).  Gene was friendly, efficient, and quickly confirmed Darlene's diagnoses of the problem. He was prepared with everything he needed and fixed the door amazingly fast.  He even had a credit card reader on his cell phone (prepared!). I'm very impressed that Lodi was able to turn me from a frustrated individual into a happy customer. Absolutely fantastic customer service and I was charged exactly what I was quoted.  I will definitely recommended Lodi as a stellar company.
5	Lodi was great!  They called when they said they would, came when they said they would (good start there compared to other companies!).  The repair guy, Arnie, was really nice and described in laymen's terms what had happened.  He repaired it, it ran better than it ever has, and it was a really fair price too.  SO glad that I found this company, and won't worry next time I have a door problem.  Thanks, Lodi and Arnie! Very happy customer here.
5	These guys are great!  After having a "friend" install our garage door 7 years ago, we have had nothing but trouble with it.  Several years ago, we used another garage door service, Smokey Garage doors, who over-charged us and didn't solve the problem.   The door broke again within weeks and a family friend fixed it again.  When the door broke again last week, we called Lodi, after reading their numerous good reviews.  The technician, Arnie, was fantastic: pleasant and friendly, he immediately identified a problem with the original installation that was causing the brunt of the problems.  There was another issue stemming from this one, and Arnie fixed both problems quickly and efficiently, for far less than Smokey charged to not solve the problem.  Lodi has our business for now on.  Highly recommended!
5	Spring broke, called them out, made a quick appointment. Great work fixing it, and a good price. Happy with the service.
1	DO NOT use them for garage floor epoxy!!  I had them install some new garage doors which they did a good job on.  They mentioned they did coated floors.  I got an estimate and since I trusted them on the work done with doors and openers I thought I could trust them on the floor. NOT THE CASE.  This was sub-contracted out to some guy who I honestly think had a mental disability.  They did not do a good job prepping the floor and just painted right over many bad spots in the concrete.  This shows through the finished floor.  The floor was also really rough and irregular, I had to go round and round with them and they had to redo several parts.  I was never really happy with it but wanted to get rid of them so I paid the final bill.  I would not recommend them to do this AT ALL.
5	My experience with Lodi was quite positive. Personable repairman arrived a few minutes before promised. He replaced the spring and made adjustments -- all in less than half an hour. Price seemed competitive and everything was straight forward. Oh, and the door works great again.
1	I thought I did enough research before I had Lodi install my garage doors.  The sales part of it was pretty good. I guess i assumed too much ,  in thinking that my sales rep would at least try and match the door to the color of my entire house.... Installation was ok too....  although the auto door opener was mounted on the wall...and wired to the motor in a very "elementary " fashion to say the least....just sort of wrapped the wire around piping and draped across the ceiling.   No biggie. But I had problems with the keypad mounted outside...will not take the programming.  I had the repair rep out....  could not make it work ....he said it was a discontinued model, ( or something like that?)  He would look into it?  After hearing nothing I called back again...they want $85.00 for a service call?????  I explained the situation to the guy that answered....he said" $85.00 and we will come look at it.   No wonder they gave me a "good price" on the door opener that i bought?????  So NO outside keypad i guess.    I will NOT have them back !!!
1	if you want garage door service dont call these guys.  purchased two garage door openers, went out of my way to make sure they had all the information about my doors, delt with a guy named jay, called him couple times giving him information including the fact they were 8' doors, service guy shows up says i can't do your doors no one told me they were 8' doors, i say ok when can you do them can you go get the hardware, he says no i'm too busy i have no idea when i can come back you'll have to call scheduling. give me a break, thanks but no thanks i'll take my business elsewhere suggest you do the same..................
1	We contracted two new driveway gate motors and electronics. They never came out when promised. You could cal and call and got no answer from the salesman. Gates broke every few days. After finally fixing gates so they operated properly, they wanted final payment. We told we would make final payment after a couple of weeks to be sure gates worked. Now, we are getting calls from their collection dept. this was an $8000 Job!! Don't use them!
4	Like many other reviewers, we had a spring break on our garage door and called Lodi based on a recommendation of a friend. I was very happy with the service; not only did they replace the springs, but they also tuned up the rollers and such so it opens and closes silently, a big improvement over before. Final price was actually one cent lower than the estimate. The only thing keeping it from being a 5 star rating is that the first technician wouldn't move my workbench out of the way so he could have access to one side of the garage; no big deal, I moved the bench and he came back out the next day.
1	I would highly recommend using a different company for your garage door needs. I've had a brand new home built. The windows on their garage door leak with minimal water exposure. I brought it to the builders attention who witnessed the leak and said it wasn't right. They contacted lodi to send a rep out. He was suppose to be there at 9-11but didn't show up until after 2. When he did I explained the issue and he argued with me. I asked him if I could show him the issue. After showing him the issue he laughed and said,"you don't see that everyday." He said you live in arizona and it don't rain much so you'll be fine. Of course I complained so a manager came by. He confirmed the issue and said you're right that's not good. He stated they could recaulk and it would suffice. So a few days go by and they come back to recaulk. It still leaked so they replaced the panel. Even with a new panel it leaks and the management team won't provide me next steps or any plan for resolution. They won't even respond to my emails. I've wasted time and money and unless you want to spend more of your own money than the price of the door look elsewhere. I'll update my post if this issue is resolved.Lodi's response is there is nothing they can do. They stated my expectations were not realistic. A garage door window should not leak with water coming out of a garden hose with no added pressure. The first manager who came out to visit confirmed that the leeking was not right. This company took their money and ran and when they couldnt fix their issue they abandoned the situation. Sam Sciotta had nothing but excuses and would not own up to the issue. Very disappointing experience.
5	Garage doors are not supposed to open and close whenever they want, they're also not supposed to grind really loud and then emit a puff of smoke as they slowly die. But, I caught it on video, so it was totally worth it!I sent the video to the guy who owns my house and he quickly called Lodi (the number was on my garage door). They called me that day to schedule an appointment, unfortunately I travel for work so we had to make it for the following weekend. I like they didn't charge additional for a Saturday appointment. We scheduled a time of 1-3 as I was running a 5K that morning and wasn't sure if I would require hospitalization after since I am out of shape and it was my first one (I survived).  At 12:30ish I received a call from the tech asking if it would be more convenient for me if he came early instead of the hours of 1-3. The way he asked was very polite and he made it all about me (great quality in a guy) instead of insisting he come early since it was easier for him. He was there in literally minutes and I'm lead to believe he called me from outside my house. He was extremely friendly and efficient (not to mention easy on the eyes). He was in and out in just over an hour. He only provided one remote with the install but after insisting I needed two, he grabbed one from his truck. Because of his professional behavior and how he seemed to go above and beyond I would definitely recommend Lodi in the future.
