4	Simple Southern California style Mexican food. The ladies working the counter are super friendly and they have a good array of vegetarian options - much appreciated!This place usually has a pretty long line going as its located on the CSN Charleston campus and is undoubtedly the most delicious thing to eat on campus. Because of this, the food can take a little longer, but they do make everything to order!They have a 99c menu but the items I've seen from that menu are very small. They also offer fresh fruit frescos and horchata. The salsas are obviously homemade. Overall, good cheap greasy food. I approve!
1	This place is just terrible. Maria and her crew are all very polite but Maria is extremely money hungry. She'll charge you a dollar for a small amount of guacamole. That's another thing, the quality of their food is AWFUL! They charge more than Roberto's for the same exact thing, and it's DISGUSTING. I'm not sure if its because they prepare the food now here, at CSN, or what, but the food is just a huge let down and the price is just ridiculous. Which is unfortunate. Obviously, we're all poor, college students. I can't afford to shell out 8 dollars for a meal that's just going to give me diarrhea later.
4	The food is really good here, and depending on the plate you get, you can get a lot of it. My boyfriend usually gets a ton of meat and stuff on his plates; the cheese enchiladas though, not so much. My friend gets a burrito with just beans and cheese, and it's a LOT, so I guess I will have to do that since the price is lower, and there is more food. Every meal comes with a drink, and it costs something like 50c to get a refill. The beans and rice are my favorite part though! So good! And the enchilada sauce is just right for me.They also have Churros! Yay! Those are really great and crispy, with a soft center and oh so yummy!
3	Yelp 100 Challenge * 56/100My girlfriend(s) and I like to come here for lunch during our break from Art Class on Fridays. Quality of their food fluctuates depending on who makes it. My friend prefers to not have onion on her veggie burrito (our usual order) yet sometimes, the staff unconsciously adds some in anyway. We've had oily burritos, some with too much cilantro (*cringe*), some with too little taste, some stuffed with fistfulls of cheese. Churros are occasionally coated in so much sugar that we'd have to scrape them off in the trash.Only uppity to Maria's are their 'free refill fridays' where we take advantage of the opportunity and get ourselves a couple servings of thirst quenching horchatas. Watch out once again with who prepares your food because the horchata quality can range from super bland to too much cinammon. We've still got about 4 weeks to go before the semester ends. Guess that'll be how much longer we'll be checking Maria's out, unless we get another friday class in fall.
1	Ordered chicken fingers and fries on special for $5.95. The chicken fingers were the kind of chicken you find in a $1 McDonald's chicken sandwich. The fries were completely tasteless. No salt. For the price, Jack in the Box or Farm Basket is much much better. Will not eat here again.
