5	Hands down the best Sichuan-style food in the Valley.  I've been to them all, I've been to Chongqing, Chengdu (many times), I know my Sichuan food.  This place nails it.  If you like Panda Express, this is not your kind of place.  If you like Yunan Garden in San Gabriel or Spicy City in Irvine, this is your kind of place.  My compliments to the chef.  It's been a long time since I felt this good about paying a dinner check.  I live 35 miles away and can't wait to go back.
1	OMG!! That was the worst ever. I was so completely disappointed with this restaurant I can not believe it. We went in at 7:30 and they were out of all seafood - no shrimp, no scallops, and believe it or not even plain fish either. The service was mediocre if not a tad rude and the portion sizes were paltry. I would have preferred PF Chang's, and we all know how Chinese that place is ...
5	I don't claim to be a Chinese Food aficionado; however, the Szechuan Cuisine ist, by far, the best Chinese food I'm had in the valley. I asked the waitress what her favorite dish was - she recommended something she called - Special Spicy Chicken. The dish knocked my socks off. Simply amazing food.
5	This is authentic Sichuan style food.I cannot believe this place exists!  It is as authentic as it gets.  The Chongqing chicken is just like what my husband typically had in Chengdu - little pieces of bone in chicken (I imagine a madman with a cleaver hacking away in the kitchen) fried and covered with whole red chiles, garlic and scallions.  The water boiled fish was so good....spicy oily broth with cabbage, the fish nestled on top in big chunks - so tasty and tender.  The gruff and harried waiter seems to need a little more time to realize he is not working in a tiny, bustling Chinatown shop.I cannot wait to work through other choices from the extensive menu.
4	As a Chinese, I feel this is the best Szechuan flavor in Phoenix, better that Szechuan Palace. However, the service and environment is not so good. And I find the cucumber and fish are not fresh for  twice.
5	Tongue-numbingly good!  We got here 20 minutes before they closed and got a few dishes to go.  I was in a seafood type of mood, and the waiter suggested the Water Boiled Fish (Shuizhuyu).  I've never had this dish before, but I do like spicy foods, and I was not disappointed!  It was very flavorful, with a spicy tongue-numbing oil/sauce, and the fish (boneless chunks) was very tender and had a nice delicate flavor to balance out the bold taste of the sauce.  We also had some family style tofu (Which is not vegetarian, as it comes with slices of pork), and Szechuan chicken.  Although the other two dishes tasted good, and were seasoned well, the real standout of our meal was the fish.  Our total for the 3 dishes was about $30 including tax, and our meal came with 2 cartons of white rice.They have daily specials on a whiteboard, but you have to know how to read Chinese to be able to know what they are.  Will definitely go again if I'm in the mood for spicy authentic Chinese!
2	We tried this for the first time tonight and weren't impressed. The service was great and very friendly, but the food was virtually tasteless. We ordered cashew chicken, kung pao chicken and house fried rice. The two chicken dishes were pretty much the same except the kung pao had a slight kick to it. But otherwise, neither had any flavor. I had to use soy sauce to get flavor. The fried rice was fine, but nothing special. We were really hopeful for a neighborhood Chinese restaurant, but so far, this isn't it. Something no one else mentioned is that they don't yet have a liquor license, so no alcohol is available (and on this night, no lemonade either).We really wanted to like this place. Too bad. I'm not sure we'll go back, but might consider going again after they've been around a bit longer.
5	If you want real, AUTHENTIC Szechuan style Chinese food this is as good as it gets here in the Phoenix region! Let me stipulate that I am an American Born Chinese, however I fatten up every time I go visit my Grandparents in Taiwan, because the food is sooo good, and my dad is very picky about the Chinese food he introduces to me here in the US, therefore I am very picky about my Chinese restaurants that I go to. If you want egg rolls, kung pao chicken, fried rice, or won-ton soup you're better off getting your taste worth at a Panda Express!But if you're looking for the real deal!  We're talking about correctly spiced Restaurant Szechuan style food this is the place to be.  I just had the water boiled fish, and it reminded me of this great place that my dad takes me too, and their Chung Spicy Shrimp is fried and spiced to perfection.  My parents have taught me that real Szechuan (Sichuan) food has very hard to come by spices, and these dishes carry them.  Like the fire flower pepper that isn't even spicy, but give this beautiful tasting numbness to the tongue! To end the delight of this explosion of tastes and to help quell the June heat we finished off with Mei Mei ice: shaved ice with sweetened condensed milk and Chinese green legumes.  This is definitely a place to come back to!  One tip, the beginning of the menu starts with all the Americanized Chinese foods that everyone is used to IE sweet and sour chicken, General Tso's .., go towards the back of the menu and you'll find the Authentic Szechuan menu, and you will not be disappointed.Also if you don't know what to order, the restaurant has decorated the wall with pictures of the Authentic Szechuan dishes with English labels on the wall to inspire your adventurous taste buds!One more thing I've learned is that don't expect great tasting Chinese restaurants to be clean or have great service.  However this place is new and  it was absolutely pristine including the (women's) bathrooms.  Since I came after lunch time the service was fine in my opinion, up to typical American (and better than the rude Jersey) standards. Also as another side note (reading another restaurant review) all Chinese Restaurants typically are FAMILY STYLE, meaning you don't eat one dish and only one dish, you SHARE! So if one dish comes out one at a time, it doesn't constitute bad service!   Lastly for the 3 dishes we ordered between my husband and I we had paid about $30 and we had left overs to take home for another meal!
4	Ever since I had one of the best meals of my life in a little Szechuan place in SF's Chinatown, I've been looking for a similar experience here in Phoenix.  I think I just found it.I've been waiting for this place to open ever since I saw the "Coming Soon" sign and finally got to try it tonight.  As I walked in, there was a whiteboard menu at the door entirely in Chinese (good sign).  As my wife and I sat down, we noticed we were the only "gringos" in the place (another good sign).The menu was massive, but fortunately, thanks to Yelp, I knew they had what they called water boiled fish, which in SF they called fish in chili oil.  I ordered it while my wife ordered orange chicken and some potstickers.The potstickers and orange chicken came out quickly and at the same time.  The pot stickers were crispy outside, juicy inside, but there was a sizable pool of oil in the bottom of the dish.  I think they need to drain them better.The orange chicken was battered and fried in a neon orange sauce.  It was also stone cold.  We quickly got the waitress' attention and she quickly took it away and promised to make us another one.A few minutes later, they brought out another orange chicken and the water boiled fish.  The chicken was hot (this time) and crispy, but the sauce was overly sweet.  Pretty average although the portion was more than generous.The fish, on the other hand, was phenomenal.  Perfectly poached talapia fillets in a spicy chili oil broth with cabbage, onions, and peppers.  The fish literally melted in my mouth.  It was every bit as good as what I had at Z&Y in SF.  This was the dish I was looking for ever since that trip.My wife, upon tasting the fish, decided I had made the better order and offered to trade but it didn't matter because, despite being just $10.95, the bowl is more than enough for 2 people.Overall my impression (based on my experience and other reviews) is that this restaurant is kind of leading a "double life".  The front of the menu is "American friendly", consisting of somewhat generic versions of familiar dishes, while the back is the "real menu" with great authentic Szechuan dishes.Major bonus --- they deliver!!!
3	I love just about any mom & pop Chinese place that offers lunch combos.  These places tend to fit in a tight range.  How much variation (good or bad) can you possibly introduce into egg drop soup, fried rice, and egg rolls?  Szechuan Cuisine was no exception, although I'd put it towards the upper end of that tight range.The place was absolutely empty on Friday around noon.  The dining room was clean, and the lighting was bright.  The Chinese zodiac place mats were right out of central casting.  (Good to know that I'm still a snake.)  There was an unusually large number of lunch combos, and they even made "Chicken & Broccoli" into a combo for my friend.  (His tastes aren't very exotic.)$6 got me the Szechuan Chicken combo.  The egg drop soup was below average, without tofu or many vegetables.  The chicken dish was pretty typical, although you don't get to eat "wood ear" every day.  The egg roll was solid, and the steamed rice was perfectly cooked and unusually tasty.  The one unique thing about my meal was the salad alongside the entree.  The raw cabbage was a pleasant textural change, but the spicy, fish-flavored dressing didn't work for me.To sum up, Szechuan Cusine's lunch combos offer good variety, good portions, and good value, but nothing spectacular.  (For a very different and delicious lunch experience, try the similarly named Szechuan Garden just one mile away.)  I'd still  like to try the more authentic offerings that are in the 2nd half of the menu.  Other reviewers rave about them.  I'll have to come back for dinner some time.
5	This place is amazing!  Genuine Szechuan specialties, virtually unavailable in most of AZ.  The authenticity is unmatched, so don't be surprised by the heat level...traditional Szechuan food is loaded with chiles.Try the cumin beef, or the water-boiled dishes.  Go for the Szechuan dumplings in their spicy sauce, and you'll never see pot stickers the same way again.  Be adventurous.  If you want Panda Express, go to Panda Express.  Don't go to a real Szechuan place and order orange chicken.  it's like going to a great Italian restaurant, ordering the chicken parmesan, and complaining about the lack of breading.
2	I was not impressed. The fried rice was borderline between poor & mediocre, the service was 'ok', atmosphere lacking, soup not good. Granted not a huge menu experience to base an opinion on, but don't feel the need to go back and try more.
5	Absolutely love this place.  Have been to China and this food is Authentic.  We had the Szechuan Dumplings to start which were fluffy clouds of home made dough surrounding perfectly spiced pork with an awesome spicy sauce.  We then had the Hot and Sour soup which was one of the best I have had.  My favorite dish, which I have had many times already, is the water boiled fish.  It is not for the faint of tongue but I love the spice and the fish is very light and flakey.  We also had the Dry Pot Chicken which was like the Chongqing chicken we had while in China.  Finally, the Mao Po Tofu done szechuan style is very good.  The cooks are from Chengdu at the heart of sichuan province and it shows.  Try this place, it is fantastic.
5	Have been back for the water boiled fish and another time had it delivered to my home.  I stll have to rave about it!  It is now one of my favorite food cravings!
5	New place.  Good place.  I guess I love Szechuan Cuisine.  Shortly after discovering a the nearby Szechuan Garden was so good, I thought I would have to try Szechuan Cuisine.  I expected to be disappointed, but came out full to the brim on my one and only famous Szechuan dish, Water-Boiled Fish.  Although initially it seemed to lack salt, but with each bite it got better and then subtle yet lovely tongue numbing which I love was present before and came into full focus with a sip of ice cold water......."Ahhh!  I love this dish"  Although the dish cost more here it is quite bigger than the one I get at Szechuan Garden.  Szechuan Cuisine does pretty well with it.  Hopefully, they don't get shy with the mouth numbing herb.  It makes the dish so good.  Unfortuanately I noticed Szechuan Cuisine does not offer a lunch sized portion of my dish, so I might have to keep going to Szechuan Garden for lunch, but they just opening, perhaps they will come around.
3	Place was crowded on  Saturday night until just after 8 when it cleared out and we finally got a table. Service is friendly even if a bit busy and absent minded. The cold dishes were good, but my favorite was the shrimp hotpot. The water cooked fish and the green beans both had a unique taste I couldn't quite place, but all in all decent. Spicy level is lacking if you're looking for real Szechuan, but this is probably more enjoyable for most taste buds.
