3	We went here looking for a sofa one afternoon.  They have quite a selection, and a somewhat broad range of prices as well.  We walked around for a while, and several associates approached us, asking if we needed help. My tip: look disinterested whenever you see an associate, and they will leave you alone.  We tried out a few sofas, and eventually found one that was pretty cute for $300.  Price was our biggest deciding factor (as long as the sofa wasn't totally awful), and this one definitely fit the bill.We signed up to have it delivered to the house, so we arranged a time for the following week.  Unfortunately, something went wrong when they processed the order (they had given us part of our order and somehow our entire order got changed to a walk-out), and we ended up waiting about 3 weeks total for the sofa.  They were pleasant enough about it, so I don't hold it against them, but just make sure to call them the day before the delivery to make sure it's all in place.Overall, we were pretty satisfied with our experience, and will consider going there for future furniture purchases.
3	I will admit they have great prices and a great selection of furniture. I have purchased a bed/mattress and a dinning room set from this establishment. the first time i went there i got the bed and mattress with no problems, they delivered it  and set it up for free. So I was like ok, I'll have to go back there to get the dinning room set which i was in desperate need of. So i go and buy it and they tell me it would be in on a specific day but I'd have to pick it up and assemble it myself which was no problem. (apparently you have to spend a certain amount for free delivery and set up) I get there on the date that they tell me  to pick up and my chairs are in but the table is not due in for another month. Of course I was pissed because I didn't understand why I was not told this the day of purchase and/or why no one called me before I came to pick up to inform me of this nonsense. They then offered I either pick out another set or just simply wait and if I waited they would deliver it and set it up for free, the only bad part was that I had to wait a month. I waited the month because that was the table I wanted and that particular table matches the rest of my house. I now have the table and I'm satisfied, I just which i didn't have to go through that because I wanted to buy a sofa from them and now I'm kinda hesitant.
1	Horrible service ! Manager let me walk didn't want to sell me floor model even at full price! Went somewhere else got chair no problem and it was another value city they need to fire the manager at this store!
3	Price - decently priced. The sofas here are a lot cheaper than other furniture stores, such as Sofa Mart, Macy's, Potterybarn, Ashley's, etc.. We have a sofa that fits 3 comfortably for $399. It is better than Ikea, but about the same price, with different style.Selections - they carry various styles of modern, contemporary, and transitional furnitures. Although I was not prepared to buy any sofas here... The parents-in-law demanded we get one on the spot :( we settled for $399, which surprisingly is still in good shape after 1 year and an half.Service - I felt they did not bother to follow up with us or check with us to see if we wanted anything.  My father-in-law had to wait fo someone to wait on him to purchase the sofa.  It was terrible...So for a good price on a sofa that we only need for a couple of years, that is a tad bit better than Ikea, I would come back.
1	CHEATS, LIARS and worst customer service ever. Furniture prices are decent but the customer service at this store is worst I have seen in my life. The sales associate didn't tell us the correct return policy and we bought furniture over $5000 which was delivered in broken condition and they took forever to fix/replace it. They need to start telling truth to people and be more respectful to customers. Manager Bob to sales person Oscar all our worst. Even the front desk lady is soooo RUDE.
1	Poor customer service. Sales person seemed like I was inconveniencing him. Made me just walk out!!
1	Real sad customer service at Value City.  Only would negotiate if you finance. What about those individuals that can actually pay for the things they buy.  Then to boot, delivery is $129 (20% of the price of what I was considering). Not much of a value in my opinion.
1	Highly overpriced!!  Even after you haggle down the price is above average with a lower than average quality product.  On top of that, their storage is tiny, so you have to come back later to pick your purchase up.EXAMPLE: Bought a TV stand. Waited THREE DAYS to be able to pick it up.  Waited in line for the pickup for nearly an hour. Got home and SIX PIECES WERE MISSING!! Called and they were happy to provide replacements, but I had to WAIT SIX MORE DAYS for the replacement parts to arrive. When we went to pick up the parts they were reluctant to give them to us. Ughh!
1	I bought a sofa at Value City in Charlotte, NC 9/12.  I cannot believe the poor quality!  It started falling apart 6 months ago.  Wood fell out of the bottom of it and the cushions are completely flat.  I have always spent around the same price in the past for sofa's and they typically last about 9yrs and that is including at least 2 or 3 large dogs that spend time with me on the couches. I currently have no dogs.  Poor, poor quality and very infuriated.  I will never shop there again.
1	Worst experience ever! Customer service poor have no idea about what should they know, the manager was despotic, caotic and mean, they charged us for a nonexistent warranty, when we asked for a solution everybody was rude, but again, the manager is the worst, shouting orders and paying no attention to my.
