5	Though I do not ice skate, my son recently took up Ice Hockey and has absolutely loved the sport.  Polar Ice is a wonderful facility with great leagues and coaches   Polar Ice has just begun construction on a new ice skating rink at Greenfield and Ray road  in Gilbert which I am sure will inspire a new generation of hockey players, both male and female.  They have leagues year round...what better place to be than in an ice rink when it's hot outside?    All my sons friends who have come to watch his games have taken up an interest in the sport as well and want to play.   Maybe these rinks will drum up some interest in the Coyotes as well so they will stay here in AZ.  Quite frankly of all the spectator sports in town, next to basketball, Hockey is my favorite.  I just wish the powers that be would have seen fit to put the Coyotes Stadium in Scottsdale instead of clear out in Glendale.
3	I went here with my friend one Friday night for the open skate, because sometimes you just want to go somewhere else besides the bar. I would guess that most of the kids there were between 12-15. I suppose we should have known that since no one ever talks about going to ice skating rinks anymore unless they're taking their children.I must admit that skating in the dark with disco balls and listening to Justin Timberlake was actually fun. It brought back memories of my hometown roller skating rink in junior high, when we skated to NKOTB Hangin' Tough while swinging an arm above your head and wearing a glow in the dark necklace. The ice skate rentals are very uncomfortable and smell bad, so if you do come here you might want to bring your own skates.
4	Is there anything better than ice skating in AZ when it's 110 outside?  I never ice skated as a kid, but we started coming to Polar for free skate with our kids several years ago to beat the heat. Then we had our kids do the free Kids First hockey program, and now I have two kids who play organized ice hockey!  It's also much better for Mom and Dad now that they serve decent food and beer/wine.
4	Just got home from a private event at Polar Ice and it went great! Leanne, the event coordinator, was great to work with and she made the process of getting everything together very painless, especially since we're a student organization at ASU. I came in a little early before our event to make sure everything was in the clear, and it went off without a hitch. This was just my second time being here, but it's very clean, tons of space in the lobby area, and our group had a really good time.
3	I went to polar ice with an entertainment book coupon and my teanage daugther. The pros: Cashier took off BOGO for the admission AND the skates. It appeared they had a pretty cool summer camp w/ a hybrid skate/martial arts studio in the same building. Location was safe, clean and comfortable. Wasn't too busy, went on a Thursday morning. The cons: The skates, were not comfortable. I come from the East Coast, and used to ice skate when I was little. Sometimes on a rink, but other times on a pond with my grandpa. More recently I have skated with rentals in Ohio as well.  I have never ever ever tried on More uncomfortable skates in my life. They were impossible to size, no half sizes, I had to pick either swim in too much room and possibly break an ankle, or cut off circulation. They need better music. More upbeat, more...beat....I probably wouldn't go back without another coupon, unless they had some kind of event to make the experience less painful or more enjoyable.
2	This review is for Polar Ice Summer Camp and not the facility itself. I was very excited to sign my kids into Polar Ice's summer camp. What better place to be in the scorching Phoenix heat? While they have a great time on the ice and enjoy the karate lessons, the crafts, games and movies left a lot to be desired and I find it difficult to rate their program any more than 2 stars. The kids all sat on the hard floor to watch a small TV screen and the activities, apart from the ice sessions and karate, were not very structured. Further, Polar Ice doesn't seem to have any procedures in place when incidents occur. My son was struck in the face by another child and so had a bleeding mouth and administration of first aid yet I was not informed at all when I picked him up. Had he not said anything, I would have been none the wiser. When I rang to ask, I was placed on hold and transferred several times, before being given the usual empty rhetoric with no apology or any effort to improve communication process with parents. It was left to me to suggest that perhaps they might like to include an incident form for the parents on the sign out sheet. I doubt that the parents of the child doing the hitting was even informed. The camp caregivers are unenthused teenagers and not very engaging with the kids or parents for that matter. Lunch is provided for an additional $5 per child per day consisting of the normal junky "kids meal" menu of pizza, fries, soda etc so make sure to pack your own healthy snacks to supplement if you do decide to enroll in this program. As for me, I am wishing that YMCA had an ice-rink as their camps are much more organized!
5	My daughters have all taken learn to skate classes at Polar Ice Chandler.  The quality of the instruction is very good, and all the instructors/coaches we've had are very good.  I was amazed at how fast they progressed!   Currently my oldest daughter is taking private lessons with Coach Brenda Thomas.  She absolutely loves Coach Brenda.  I definitely recommend Polar Ice Chandler and the learn to skate classes.
4	My son and I attended a Skate/Hockey Birthday party here and had a great time!This was his first time on ice skates (his first time on roller skates was awful, so I was scared). I think the cold ice helped calm him down a bit and he loved skating! We took our fill of spills and slides, no major crashes!I will give you a word of advice on the Skate/Hockey party.  If you as an adult want to skate stay towards the glass, or the opposite side of the hockey players. Adults make bigger targets for them to take you out!  Not once but twice for me. I think I came home with more bruises than my son. Yes the skates can be a bit uncomfortable, I suggest taking an extra pair of tube socks. There's a full concession with adult beverages, some video games and lots of room for larger parties. The martial arts studio has caught our eye on each party our daughter has been invited to attend.
4	Great facility but the rink needs more organization for it's events and teams.
4	Great place to skate!  The only reason I reserve giving them a full 5 stars is due to the uncomfortable skates.   Skates aside, the rink is kept in great condition and the ice is great to skate on.   There is usually a pretty good music list playing and the rink doesn't get too crowded.  If you want to take a break from skating, there is a full drink and snack bar with plenty of seating.  Additionally, there are usually little league hockey games going on so you can get some great entertainment watching kids from the hockey leagues duke it out!This place is perfect for family outings, birthday parties, and date nights with that special someone!  Bring a sweater, some tube socks, and enjoy the ice!
1	We came down to visit my parents on the 4th of July and thought it would be fun to go skating. While the kids had fun, it was the worst customer service we had experienced! The staff seemed more interested in the dog that was in the lobby (really? a dog right in front of the snack bar?) than they were with helping us with our skate rentals or giving us our passes. In order to find any of the staff (for the snack bar, for the skate rentals or to purchase a pass) we had to find them all in customer service, where they were all hanging out. After skating for a little more than an hour, I noticed the ice was a little rough. We frequent the Ice Den and I was thinking that this is about the time the zamboni would come out to smooth the ice. We asked and they said that there weren't that many people skating and they checked the ice. They said it was skate-able. I guarantee you it was not! even so, by the end of the 3 hours it was really bad. They seemed put out every time we came to them with something and we even over heard them saying that maybe they could close early. It almost seemed like they were counting on the ice to be unskateable so that everyone would leave early. Also, there was no staff on the ice to help with any situations that would arise or to enforce the rules (really, I don't know if there were any). Honestly, it seems like we could have just got on the ice without paying if we didn't have any morals and if we all had our own skates. On top of all of this, like the others have pointed out, the skates were uncomfortable and looked like they had seen better days.  The bottom line is, the staff didn't seem to care about there job and didn't seem to put customer service above anything else. I would actually rate them with zero stars if it was an option. If you're thinking of going here, think twice. Consider taking a drive to the Ice Den or another rink.
4	I am writing an update to this review just to say that I am glad that the owners of Polar Ice decided to sell to the Ice Den. The Ice Den (North Scottsdale) is a great place to skate and take ice skating lessons. I hope that carries over to the Chandler location as I intend to visit every once in a while when me and my family go there to spend time with my parents and nieces and nephew. I will write a proper review once they open and I've had a chance to try out the renovated facilities.
4	Place looks amazing! What a difference!! Came here to see my son play and was pleasantly surprised by all the new renovations!! A major improvement to what it used to look like. Congratulations to the new owners . . . We will be looking forward to coming here in the future! Only gave it 4 stars because the food area wasn't up and running yet! Can't wait to come back when that happens!!
