4	Why should the bad economy take the fun out of lingerie shopping? It shouldn't. If buying an adorable teddy or thong boosts your spirits, IC London will make you a very happy girl. A message for the boys: buying your sweetie a nighty or some naughty-but-nice undie ensemble will earn serious props this Valentine's Day. And the staff here are friendly, laid-back and helpful. Sort of like your cool big sis. Unless you're a undergarment shopper with a seriously wild streak, put your prurient fantasies aside and shop here. You'll feel good about it, your honey will think you have classy taste, and you'll enjoy the benefits of wearing  (or admiring) well-made, beautiful lingerie.
2	The store was well laid out and nice, definitely a classy feel.  Although the store itself was nice, I was not impressed with their products.  Most all of the bras were black, tan or white, and most of the sleepwear was cute but nothing too sexy.  I wasn't looking for anything scandalous, but I guess I was looking for lingerie that was a little more fun.
5	BEST BRA FITTERS IN CHARLOTTE.Those Victoria Secret clowns said I was a 38 DD when I went bra shopping but nothing felt right. Come to IC London, turns out I'm a 34FFF (yeah, that's right, whassup) - sounds like VS was just trying to sell me something in a size they carried!Anyway, back to IC London - wow wow and WOW. If you're looking for a bustier and thigh highs, don't come here. This isn't The Red Door. It's a high end bra and sleepwear store. From AAA to GGG, they carry a million high end, well made bras ranging from $50-100 and that will last you 3-4 years if you launder them correctly. Personally, I'm a fan of the Elomi bras but just purchased a strapless/convertible one that made me want to cry: I NEVER KNEW MY BOOBS COULD LOOK LIKE THAT IN A STRAPLESS BRA! All my big busted ladies will feel me on this: When you have big boobs, gravity works against you and it's hard to keep these babies up where they should be! If you're hearing me on this, stop reading and just go see IC London. Be ready to be amazed at what a correctly fitting, high quality bra can do for your confidence, breasts and figure over all! I put on my first Elomi and it looked like I'd dropped 20 lbs!Ah, I can't sing their praises enough but I will try and stop here....I LOVE I C LONDON!!!
4	UPDATE:  Forgot to mention-- for $40, you can get a discount card which gets you 20% off any regular purchase for 1 year.  This means if you buy more than $200 in merch, it'll pay for itself.  With one bra being about $40 to $60, it's worth it for me. Inspired by previous reviewer Rachel B, I gotta agree.  Victoria's Secret may have big time busty supermodels, and leopard prints, but ain't got nothing on I C London fitting and customer service. I'm a totally different size than previously thought. When you're 100 pounds, even a 32 band is too big.  I C London is one of the few places where you can get a 30 band-- or have your current bras altered.  Who knew this service even existed!?When you get fitted here-- you will be adjusted, and re-adjusted and try on tons of bras until the SA or owner is satisfied with the determined size.  Over at VS, you're told what will fit you for the sizes they carry in store.  The fitters there are all given a formula for their pink tape measure, and once they determine what size you are-- eyeballs the fit.  Trust me.  The difference between wearing an ill fitting bra versus one built for your body is incredible.  Your posture will be different, the girls will be perkier and overall better shaped. No, there is no funkified feathered stuff or neon colors-- primarily nude, white, black and neutrals.  Practical pieces that wear well under clothes.  (Need something for that strapless dress or one-shouldered tank, you'll find it here.)Keep in mind, the designers who make special sizes aren't cheap, but you'll be taught how to care for your bras correctly, and be shown special detergents to use while washing.  PS:  There's a nice section for super-comfy sleepwear too!
4	I'm a fan just because a small shop that dares to carry unusual sizes is a hero to me. But, when I bought a bra in a brand and style they still carry, it's unworn, and they won't give me ANY credit on an EXCHANGE after ONE MONTH, that is too severe. I agree with the customer who said, make me happy and I'll be back--lay the RULES on me and probably not--because every time  I think about shopping there now I think about the $75 that I spent for nothing. After all, once you know your size, bras can be ordered off the web and in EVERY size not just the one these guys had to speclal order for you. BUT-- bra shopping by web is a pain and I hope IC London sticks around. And yeah, if you are doing specialty lingerie, include some of the fancier stuff. Go New York on us. The store is definitely mostly white and beige.I also dislike the parochial Charlotte attitude that if I am not already wearing expensive clothes, they aren't that thrilled to have me in the shop.  Yes, I'm a slob, I hate shopping--but when I am shopping, treat me like a customer. The fact that I'm in your shop looking at your rarified items means I know quality.
4	Robes and lovely, comfy pjs for days? Check. High quality bras, chemises and unmentionables? Check. Super sweet service and great bra fitters? Double check! You won't find too much in the racy arena here but you will encounter some extraordinarily comfortable, beautiful and functional items. Expect brands like Hanky Panky, Felina, Chantelle, Fantasie, On Gossamer and more. Plus, they carry almost every size known to woman! If you need any of the above, definitely check out IC London - high end, quality items await.
4	With what has to be one of the coolest names out there, it should be rather apparent what you might find once you are inside I.C. London.  If you still have no clue, go find a kindergarten class and ask them what the name could possibly mean.As has already been mentioned, there are plenty of sizes rather than your typical off-the-shelf variety (not for me, though it would actually not surprise me in the least if they could find something that fit should the need arise), but there are at least four additional things that make I.C. London top-notch.For your average guy, we have no clue what women's sizes mean.  The more, uh, discrete the apparel, the less likely we are to pick it out ourselves.  Here, not only do they help the women, but they can keep the sizes on file so us guys can go in and pick up the correct sizes later.  And since the correct size can apparently change even from one brand to another, this is even more useful.  Sweet.Naturally, this does not come at a Wal-Mart like price, but you generally get better service and a better product to boot, plus they have a discount/loyalty card to help out with those post-holiday/special occasion blues.  The only downside is that you have to pay for it up front.  Since the prices can run on the high side, you can recoup that cost easily enough, however.They will even help with other products that just need a little touch-up/alteration.  Just bring it in (there may naturally be a small charge for this service).And for those of you out there who have no interest, but your partner does, they offer wifi while you are waiting!
5	I am blessed (cursed) with having some extra up top which makes it hard to find bras that fit and offer the right support. After a weight change I was in need of some new undergarments, did a quick yelp search and ended up at I.C. London. I ended up with 2 new regular bras and a strapless bra that actually fits and offers support. Oh, did I mention that these are not gross granny bras? These are actually pretty bras that I want to wear! So happy with my new purchases I called up my BFF and told her we had to go when she came to visit in a few days. And we did. She has the same issues I do and when she tried on the strapless bra I think she summed up how every girl with big boobies wants to feel in a bra- "This feels so good I think I could run a marathon in it!!"
