5	No theme pub, although on the Royal Mile but popular with tourists and locals alike. Cosy in style, with paintings on walls also for sale. Regular hosts of real Scottish folk music, with an 'open night' on Wednesdays. Couple that with excellent service, good guest beers, some of the nicest pub food in Edinburgh too - not a huge range but quality is first class - nd you have a good little bar for a few drinks and a chat, with good food if you fancy.
3	The Tass is a nice pub on the Royal Mile paying homage to good ole Rabbie Burns. As such the pub has a selection of memorabilia on the walls which is quite nice to see.the bar itself is quite nice, it has a good traditional atmosphere and looks nice. Every night they have live folk music, which always attracts a crowd.  the food isn't anything special, but what you'd expect from a pub. It's a nice place to spend a Sunday evening in a hoody!
3	Opposite the perhaps better known The World's End pub, The Tass is an equal tourist magnet, based in the middle of the Royal Mile. As others have mentioned, the pub is full of Robert Burns memorabilia (presumably it's named after the poem "The Silver Tassie"). However the theme of Scotland's most famous bard isn't as overwhelming as it could be, and you can easily enjoy a drink here without needing to be a lover of Burns or a curious tourist. The pub offers a range of real ales and malt whiskies for a reasonable price. It also serves standard pub food from local produce.The Tass is also quite well known for its live folk music which you can hear throughout the week and specially on the weekend.A nice wee themed pub that attracts tourists, students and music lovers alike, with a decent bar at reasonable prices.
3	The Tass is a cute pub with an equally cute name, nestling into the heart of Edinburgh's Royal Mile.It is much like the majority of the pubs in this region, but even though it is of a similar ilk it doesn't make it bad. It's cozy, with its interior full of hidden little homages to Robert Burns and Scottish culture in general.On the menu is traditional pub fayre with a Scottish twist, and as the ladies have said it is relatively inexpensive for the area. So if you're looking for a slightly cheaper and more viable option for a few drams, give The Tass a twirl.
3	I stopped by The Tass for lunch.  I had a Tennet, which was very tasty, along with the fish and chips.  The food was okay, a little greasy for my taste, but nothing too bad.  Nice atmosphere, and the location along the Royal Mile has to assure a large amount of walk-in traffic.I would visit again, but would try something else from the menu.
3	For some reason I always expected The Tass to be dark and filled with the kind of people who would give me that "what are you doing here, newbie?" kind of look.  I have no idea why I thought that, especially considering it's located on the Royal Mile.Anyway... my expectations were entirely unfounded.  My (thoroughly hazy) recollections are of a pub which was much larger inside than it appeared from without, with really awesome folk musicians, and plenty of tables.  The Tass doesn't have anything particularly special going for it, but I would suspect that if you find yourself on the Mile looking for a pint in a place that isn't rammed full of tourists, The Tass would be a good place to start.
