3	Nice showroom and great displays but the prices were still a little high even during the Grand Opening weekend event. Friendly salesman Oscar, who informed us of all the special discounts. Lots of people shopping around for furniture.
4	this is Ashley's new store, it is the old Levitt's furniture building. this store is two stories so the is quite a bit of showroom floor full of furniture. as soon as we walked in the door we were greeted by salesman John. John was a nice older guy. we are looking for a new sofa and there was one at Ashley we fell in love with about a year ago but couldn't afford at the time. so we start looking around and find it again. John was very nice and wasn't pushy or anything, we even told him we were not buying tonight and he still hung out with us for an hour. we left John and nosed around upstairs. they have a lot of nice stuff here and all of their prices are right around RC Willey, we were just over there looking also. we got home and made sure what we want will fit. we will be going back to make the purchase. i will update once we get our new stuff.
4	Looking to buy a chair for the bedroom, it's always scary for me to go furniture shopping, as the prices are way over the top and the quality of the product usually seems less than the price indicates. But I always like the ads for Ashley, so maybe there is hope?It's hard to go into a place like this and not be overwhelmed. Too many items that catch you eye and before you know it, you're looking at the wrong thing.  My husband was no help, he was worse than me, looking at everything else.  No luck, nice showroom, the salesman weren't pushy, but just didn't find what we wanted today.
1	I have found that customer service is not important to the Ashley Furniture at 91 s Martin Luther King BLVD and they showed very little empathy. On Dec 19th I purchased a two piece sectional and a queen size bed totaling $936 and picked out another $650 worth of furniture for purchase in January. On Dec 23rd I picked up the two sectional pieces from the warehouse behind the store with my pickup truck. The guy loaded it and when I asked if it would go anywhere or if I needed to tie it down he said, "No. It is tight and not going anywhere." This sounded pretty confident to me and if he had said it could move and fall out I would have picked up each piece separately. Guess what... Driving down the 15 south at just 50 mph the chaise portion fell out of the truck over the side. Thankfully it didn't hit any cars and no one hit it, but the highway patrol had to push it to the side of the road and we put it back into the truck. The chaise is well built and was in one piece but the faux leather on one side and the arm were torn up. This wouldn't of happened if the warehouse worker hadn't loaded it top heavy. But he had assured that it was in the bed of the truck tight and wasn't going anywhere. On Monday after Christmas I emailed the customer service manager and got the usual canned response that it isn't there responsibility and they would sell me a new one for $271. Small discount. I then asked them to take 50% of the blame since this happened because of their employee. I was willing to take 50% of the blame. I asked for a 50% discount on a new chaise section since it was 50% their fault. The ticket price of the chaise was $399 or $450 if you divide the price of the sectional in half. So I was asking for a new chaise between $199 to $225. Ashley said that they would take no blame based on the contract and the best discount would be $271. As a grade student at UNLV who just moved here from LA and bought a new house every dollar is important. I don't think I am asking for too much. It is obvious that they don't care about creating a long term happy customer who was planning to spend another $650 next month and another $1000+ over the next year to furnish my new house. I was planning to spend this money with Ashley Furniture. I guess I will take it elsewhere since there are many choices to purchase furniture. All I am asking for is 50% responsibility and a 50% discount to go with it. On a good note Peter Lau my sales person was good but he won't be getting anymore of my business because of their customer service manager. I could have easily been made happy in this situation.
1	Looking for new furniture? Purchasing furniture for the first time? Well, HERE is NOT the place to be for either!This goes out to the Las Vegas HomeStore off of Martin Luther King Blvd. I requested to return of all 3 items (within the 72 hour time frame of the "return policy") that I purchased. The delivery: May 19th. The request to return all items: May 19th 20 minutes AFTER it was delivered. I'd say that's within the 72 hour time frame, wouldn't you? A phone call was made again on the 21st to remind you guys of the request for return of all items and it was noted in the system. "A manager will call you." "A manager from the customer service department in Arizona will call you." "The store manager is busy with salesmen." "The store manager can't do anything to help you." "The customer service manager from Arizona is on a call with two other customers." "Oh, you want to hold for them? You can't. The line will just hang up on you, ma'am." "Everything you said wasn't written in the notes section." "You are no longer in the 72 hour time frame." "You say you are, but you're not." Are you SERIOUS?! What kind of customer service is that? Correct me if I'm wrong (since that's all you've been doing), your company's mantra is "From design through fulfillment, we continuously strive to provide the best product at the best prices accompanied by the best service in the industry" yet the Las Vegas store off of MLK Blvd. and the "customer service call center in Arizona that has a 702 area code" are not honoring the company's mission statement. The last call I was just on was from the customer service representative that claims to be a manager telling me that the MLK store should have told me that I needed to physically go down there to fill out paperwork to complete the return within the time frame. Now, this would have been great if they would have told me that when I was on the phone with them requesting my return WITHIN THE 72 hour time frame. "Regardless if it was the actual's store fault of not informing you that you needed to physically be present and fill out paperwork to complete the return or your fault of not doing so, there is nothing we can do for you." That is the response I got, verbatim. So I'm stuck with furniture that I do not want and was not completely assembled when delivered. They simply said "you can do it (assemble it yourself)" and took off. That's beyond disappointing. So please, EVERYONE, do NOT shop at Ashley Furniture HomeStore. They don't live by great customer service, they lack it to the highest extreme.
2	They had what I was looking for. The sales staff weren't too pouchy. I wanted to do finance not only because I didn't have all the money but also to build credit, obsoletely  not the place for that. The recliner I wanted was around $750 with tax if I had financed it I will end up paying $2,750 in a little over a year, this is $2,000 over the original price. Great place to see and feel the desire product but financing it's not an option, it has to be paid cash.
2	The BF came in here since we heard they are throwing a sale. Apparently red tagged items are going for 40% off. I do not remember until when, but I could have sworn it's going on for a while if you're on the search for a good deal. We are determined to revamp our couch situation, sectional or several pieces, leather/pet friendly material. We kinda have been feeling on white leather and zoomed into a contemporary sectional set with matching accent tables. The sales person got to the gritty of what we were looking for, price point, if we've looked a bit. We saw a white leather couch in a competitors store and he was willing to match it and sweeten the deal with a discount on the matching side tables/coffee table. They were very similar styles that it was boiling down to comfort and wanted to directly compare this one to the other. That was when he got aggressive and weird on us. He couldn't confirm if he can get us the deal with his boss unless we were serious to do it right now. I do understand not wanting to bug the boss for lookie loos, but he kept asking what was the price we would pay to get us to take it RIGHT NOW. I don't know what would have been a reasonable offer they wouldnt reject that would have made me regret not knowing if the other was indeed better. IWhen we said we were still not sure, he told us that he couldn't guarantee the prices if we were to come back later......which would have been maybe 20 minutes later. Got a few jabs at how the other people are probably selling a floor model if its that cheap, theirs will be new. We asked if it was in stock ready to go and we got a runaround of maybe, but he can only check if we were sure. I really do not like this type of hijinks at all. Eventually he gave us some space and told us they are aggressive there and so when others approach us to let them know we're dealing with him so we can be left alone. Aggressive indeed. We didn't browse very long at other couches and decided to leave when there was tension when he came back. We decided to go sit on the other couch one more time before deciding because we are entitled to that. The other was more comfortable, but the deciding factor was the attitude of this place is too high pressure. I do understand it is sales and I expect some slickery, but they don't give you a moment to ponder which you need on big ticket items that can't be return and must be right for your home. I know we will need some tables, a breakfast nook table, a TV armoire which I wasn't finding at the competition, but I ultimately decided I did not want to come back and look here for when we are ready to purchase those.
3	I thought the store itself was decent. Selection was pretty good. Stuff was marked down at least 40 percent. "Doc" was my salesman and he was a nice guy. He wasn't one of those pushy salesman. He gave me my space and allowed me to come up to him instead of chasing me around like other salesman tend to do. If you go here then ask for Doc. He will take care of you.
1	I've used Yelp before, never left a review.  I've opened an account strictly for the purpose of warning the furniture-buying world to NEVER, EVER buy anything from Ashley.  I have had nothing but hoops to jump through and headaches since purchasing a dining room table that was delivered damaged, not only before delivery (as evidenced by the manufacturer's repair on the corner), but IN delivery where the table was clearly dropped with horrible damage.  If I could post pictures on here I would.We bought the table in preparation for Christmas dinner, and had to take time off work to accept delivery because the next available Saturday delivery time was well into January.  The table was delivered the Friday before Christmas12/21/12. The table was horribly damaged in the delivery, had a large wood chip peeled out on one end that was ignored and laquered over, and manufacturer-repaired damage on one corner.  We immediately reported the damage and were told they'd send a tech out to look before replacing.Fast forward ONE MONTH LATER, to when the tech comes out.  He tells us we can't exchange once we accept, despite the bad damage and our timely reporting.  We call customer service who insists we allow repair before they'd allow replacement.  We made it clear that we were not accepting repair in lieu of replacement, and the tech tried to do his thing.  Well, the corner still has cracks, the surface where the drop damage was repaired is uneven, and there's filler on the end that wasn't sanded away.  Customer service called me 3-4 times last week to get pictures of the damage, this despite my telling them I work 50 hours/week and would do take and upload pictures ASAP.  Well, finally get 10 pics and upload and email them Friday night.  Why, then, does the service department call me at 8:30 a.m. Saturday morning?I called them back. "Sir, we still haven't received your pictures." "Really?  I just sent them last night, and from two separate email accounts to make sure they went through. I sent 10 pictures of all the damage." "Oh, that's why.  Our email can only get two pictures at a time."  Seriously, Ashley?!  So, I proceed to send 5 separate emails, with two pictures per.  Later that afternoon I get a call, "We want to send another tech out to get a second opinion."  I said, "Of course you do, and how long will that take, ANOTHER month?  We work 8am-7pm, M-F, so it has to be a weekend."  "Well, we have this and this date." "Are either of those a Saturday?" "No, our next Saturday is 3 weeks out."  Well, guess that's what it'll have to be based on what I JUST TOLD YOU.In the end, we've paid almost $1,500 for a dining room table, received it badly damaged with damage in more than one place.  Ashley CHARGED US for HORRIBLE SHIPPING and they have horrible customer service.  We bought our bedroom furniture and couches at Walker for decent prices and free delivery!!  Should've stuck with them!FOLLOW UP: Got a call from customer service for an exchange date, and they're going to exchange the table.  Better late than never!
2	I feel compelled to raise my rating.  After a back-and-forth, and my previously-posted review, Ashley customer service arranged for, and in fact completed, an exchange of our dining room table.  The new table is just that, exactly what we wanted, a new table.  Best of all, we were not charged delivery for the later exchange. All's well that ends well.
5	Professional ...OMGThis store is huge it's got a upstairs and down and it's super huge. The staff are professional and we got a ton of stuff because the staff working with us are nice and the stuff inside the store is so cute. That's always a must and a plus. I took the advice of fellow yelpper Tyler B and asked for (Doc) turns out the man I was talking with was Doc (Giggles) and he's is so great. I picked out a living room set pictures to match a rug and even more. Such as plants and other items. Back in customer service the staff are kind & sweet and very helpful and polite. I will say if you happen to go inside ask for Doc.Doc is a peoples person he wont let you leave unsure or undecided he gives you time to make your mind up or change your mind about what u like what you want and that's is a plus. He says he loves how out spoken I am I'm polite but I say just whats on my mind. This location is fun and most of all your gonna love your new items. I would send my blind grand mother here I'm just being honest. These people are good trustworthy people who want to sale you cool stuff for you home.
1	This place was AWFUL! They were having a sale and didn't even know how to key in the sale. When they finally figured this out, I paid extra to have everything delivered on a certain day. When the furniture came, the couch was ripped all the way down the back. The driver was very nice and said I could get a new one the next morning. He promised the warehouse customer service line would call me in 10 minutes. I'm still waiting for a call!!! So, I had to call them. I spoke with a "lead" named Josh who sounded like a broken record and didn't care that I didn't get what I paid for. I told him that I wanted my deliver charge refunded and he refused to acknowledge this. He sounded like he was reading from a "manual" with the way he responded. I insisted on talked to a real manager and he started arguing with me and told me that they'd have to call me back. Does he think I'm stupid? They never called me the first time they were supposed to so I refused to accept this as an answer. So, he said that I'd have to wait on hold for a long time and then he hung the phone up after I was on hold for over 10 minutes. The furniture might be nice here but the customer service is TERRIBLE! I would give it ZERO STARS if I could!
1	Hello, Well let me tell you about my experience with Ashley! I came in the first time to look and found a couch I liked and was treated well. The next day I came back and asked for the sales person because I wanted her to get the credit. So after she told me she'd be with me in 10 minutes, I waited an hour and then she appologized and had another person help me as he was so busy on his cell phone, I had to keep waiting for him to finish playing games on it .....then he wrote up my order and as I was looking he kept stopping to look at his cell phone. Okay about another 45 min later he took me over to an area to fill out a credit app and I had a few questions to ask and no one was anywhere around to help so I asked a customer service person and she was very unfriendly.... So I then saw the original sales girl which has now been 2 hours and she went back in the computer  and saw that my bill came to exactly 950 dollars and you had to spend 1,000 to get the first special so she actually switched the numbers around to make it 1,000 which means she added on an extra 50 dollars and didnt even ask me do I wanna get something else to make it an even 1,000.....so I feel liked I was so ripped off .... Now at this point I still didnt say anything till I went home and thought about it for a few days, also they couldnt accomodate me on the day I needed it delivered. without waiting 3 weeks so I just cancelled the whole darn thing. Im in sales and I would never make some wait 2 hours and also add on an additional 50 dollars .....This is crazy and so unprofessional ...I will never go back.....I will buy at RC Willies or Bigs or Walker ....way better service and treated way better with customer service...... BIG RIP OFF  !!  DONT BUY THERE !!!!!
1	Bought some furniture. It was delivered dinged up and pieces missing. I should mot have to schedule a time for a repair person to come to my house to fix this, Ashley should ensure the items are in mint condition prior to them being placed on the truck for delivery. A table I purchased was discontinued so I had to cancel the other matching tables, since they were bought in a set.  The store should not sell items that are discontinued.  Totally unacceptable!  The customer service is lacking and a bit unprofessional.  The service reps eat lunch at the customer service counter. This is extremely unprofessional. The dress code of the people is embarrassing to the company.  I will be taking my business to RC Willey or Walker.
1	I chose to ignore the bad reviews because I loved the furniture I picked out....big mistake. I needed furniture as soon as I moved in, so I placed an order 1 month early and scheduled a delivery for 8/4/13 (my move in date). Ashley Furniture chose to change my delivery date to 2 weeks later and NEVER INFORMED ME. I've tried talking to multiple people, but all they can say is the earliest we have available is the 17th. How is that ever ok? Will be cancelling my order and never purchase from Ashley Furniture again.
5	I wondered in not sure what I wanted, as I just got my first place. Mike was the sales guy who helped me around, and boy am I happy he was there!He asked a few questions, pointed me in the right direction and then left me to look around. He was SUCH a wonderful help! REALLY, I highly recommend him :) I ordered a sofa, and had it delivered. The guys were SO nice, called me to give me a 10min heads-up, were quick and cleaned up. I  have three flights of stairs, so I gave them a tip and you'd think it were Christmas. Definitely recommend shopping here... I know there are some bad reviews, but go to management first, I hit a few snags when ordering another product a few days later and they were right on top of everything to make sure I was happy. Sales is very nice and helpful (where other stores actually asked if I were "looking or buying" to know if they should help me or not!).  I'll be shopping here again for sure :)
5	I went in the store walking into a chaotic warfare! It was the day when Ashleys was handing out up to $2,000 credit limits. Although many customers complained about waiting for over 5 hours, I simply waited for 2. I was greeted in a very friendly manner and assisted very thoroughly for my first time purchasing furniture this way. Each of the employees and even the manager that assisted me were extremely friendly. No complaints and I will visit them again for future purchases.
5	Racheal was so kind!!! Labor Day weekend was packed, extremely busy, and she remained professional and took great care of me, my cousin, and her Granny... I can't wait to get my lovely new furniture!!!
1	We moved back to Las Vegas September 2012 and went to several furniture stores Ashley is where we decided to purchase a Mattress, Sofa, Recliner.  The sales person who helped us was great.  The items delivered were terrible. We called to complain about the sofa, Mattress and were able to finally after a month of complaining to exchange for different models.  It took till Jan 3 to recieve the new items.  We slept on a blow up mattress for months till our new mattress arrived. We also recieved a different sofa which is worst quality ever. When you sit on the sofa the cushions come out everytime you get up you have to push the cushion in very poor design.  We reccommend you take your time reviewing what you buy from Ashley.  We finally paid this junk off and will replace the sofa soon. Won't ever go back to Ashley. The Sales guy Ed was a great guy.
1	The sales lady gave me the wrong information about the sale. She then lied and said she would honor what she said :( My GPS had the wrong number for them and I went online and that number was a fax :( besides all this delivery is going to take almost a month- ridiculous!!! Hire more drivers!!! Do overtime- do something!!!!finally my delivery day approaches and they delayed it another day- ridiculous!!! After they left I found a screw on the floor and they put together some shelves wrong... Also took the liberty of removing my plastic that the mattress was on- didn't consult me about that! So now it's guaranteed something will spill on it and void the warranty!!! Great!!!
5	This place is Great. Just bought a Sectional. My wife loves it!! Great selection and prices.They even had it in stock.
1	Horrible experience.Shop somewhere else. I saw the bad reviews but stupid me bough there anyway. Purchased a 3k bedroom set. It came cracked blemished and parts missing. I refused most of the items and kept the cracked bed because they said they would fix it later. The lady on the phone at customer service scolded me for accepting the bed, she said it would take a month to get the part. I said just send me a new bed if that's faster, she said since I accepted the cracked one it was my fault and I would have to wait for the part. I asked for delivery times and they refused saying the computer makes the times. They only came to my neighborhood two times a week and you had to be home all day. No customer service. They were just indifferent to it all. They admitted they had quality control problems and poor customer service, I spoke to management, also indifferent. Salesman and recording you will listen to for a min of ten to fifteen min states that all their furniture is made in the USA. Soon as I saw them unpacking it I saw the tags saying made in Vietnam. Unbelievable how they just lie to you. Run don't walk from there.
1	By far the worst furniture buying experience out there. Placed an order for a Sofa, Loveseat, End Tables, and Coffee Table. Scheduled pickup January 16. Received a call January 10 saying the Sofa would not be in until January 17 but I could pickup everything else in the mean time. January 16 came, my old furniture went to the curb and I went down to pickup my Loveseat and End Tables. When I arrived I waited 15 minutes to have my Sales person tell me that the Sofa would not be in until January 25. Spoke to the store manager and asked if he would compensate me for my trouble. He offered $50 in store credit, then the General Manager came and spoke to me and offered me $100 in store credit both seemed a little ridiculous.  I was looking for atleast a $250 credit for the idea of -I dont have anything to sit on and the inconvenience of going back and forth. I ended up canceling the order and emailing Ashley Corporate. I got a call from the VP of the region 2 days later and he offered me $150 off and free shipping. Went in to accept the offer and the sales person wanted to give me a wood care kit, my wife and I thought this was little odd since none of the furniture truly had wood. Well after taking a close look at the receipt, she charged me 21.99 for a wood warranty on furniture that does not have wood that can be treated. Cancelled order and will not ever shop at Ashley Furniture again. These guys are crooks and worse than lawyers, if I could, I would not have given them any stars. Horrible Wisconsin based company.
1	Horrible experience here!!! We will never come back to Ashley again with all of the problems we had with this place. We needed to furnish a 3000 sft new home and had spent almost $7000 in cash here but what we got weren't worth the money. The sale people were fine. One was helpful but ordered everything wrong and one was pushy. Here are all of the problems we had to deal with:* we ordered a full set of bedding furniture (instead of the dresser, we clarified that we want a tv stand). After waiting for 2 weeks, CAN YOU Believe that they delivered a completely wrong bed ???? *   Instead of the tv stand, they delivered a dresser which we did not order. So we had to wait for another 2 weeks to get the tv stand. Tv stand finally showed up with a lot of scratches. * The dresser where the mirror stays on top had one draw does not work. I asked one of their delivery guy to help me fixed it. He told me to call the customer service. Fine!*  we ordered 2 extra armed chairs to go with the set of the dining table which we also bought from Ashley. We had to put them together, (took us several hours) and one of them had problem. We had to drive 1 hours 30 minutes to exchange and installed it ourselves again. *  except the dining table, every piece of furniture they delivered to us had either scratches or small cracks or faults or low quality. I had too many things to do moving into a house and really don't have time to deal with all of their mistakes. Horrible!!!
1	Update after posting my original review I was left a response to which I responded by calling the phone number left by the respondent. Going on 25 days and no response from the voice mail I left for her. Horrible customer service, cancelled my line of credit through GE Capital and made a choice to never shop at any Ashley Home Stores again. If I had the option to leave no stars I would have-this business is not worthy of leaving a star.
1	I received the worst serviced from the customer service about the delivery of our furniture. Due to our treatment by the customer server our order was cancelled.
1	The worst store on the planet!!! Yelp needs to have zero stars. I bought a ton of furniture here at Ashley's the problem was the delivery!!! I had an appointment scheduled for my delivery they canceled it gets better, they schedule another delivery time for me  I wait here all day they get here and decide they are not going to waiting for the elevator which the wait time was 10 minutes and they stormed off I wait another two weeks to get my furniture . They send me the wrong mattress I wait another7 days  for that and they send it the wrong address . Again I repeat never buy here
5	Five stars for service. After a horrible week of running around town trying to find a couch we went back to Ashley furniture. Our sales man was extremely helpful and after me having to walk away from a sales person at rc Wiley's I almost wanted to hug him for being so nice and helpful. Extremely patient as my boyfriend and I were very indecisive. I will update when I find his name
3	Follow-up review of Ashley Furniture. For initial review, please see my review of Ashley Furniture Henderson- my review for that store is not recommended by Yelp and is "hidden" at the bottom.We bought two chests and a sectional at this store in early January 2014 for delivery end of January.After the problems experienced with my initial purchase, someone at Ashley corporate got in touch with us and put us in touch directly with the manager at this Ashley branch. Our experience with this location is what one would expect from buying furniture: helpful, but not pushy sales staff and the delivery occurred when they said it would.The furniture arrived on time with minor transit damage. Ashley sent a repair technician who turned up when they said he would. He was a nice guy and did great work.Overall, we are very satisfied with the furniture that we bought. They are functional and look great in our place.I am not sure if I would shop at Ashley again based upon how horrible the initial experience was. Their level of customer service is too erratic for my comfort.
5	Absolute first class customer service, Christina in the customer service area of the store was very helpful and seems very knowledgeable, . She seems to be the only person that will actually do as she says, she is completely honest and gives customers the facts and is a great listener.  She was the only one who explained the return policy to me in full detail, I made a purchase and it turns out that it was not going to work in my home, so the salesperson that sold it to me said no matter what I have 3 days and I if I don't like it I can get an immediate refund on my credit card, well not true, you can take your merchandise back with in the 3 days though you cannot process a refund until the paperwork has been completed from the original pick up or delivery date, if you picked up yesterday and return today you have to wait 24 to 48 hours,  that may be something they should tell you at time of purchase, explain the return policy better. it is quite the inconvenience to have to come back more than once when they take your money the same day you purchased, anyway Christina was very clear on how the process works which I think is ridiculous though not a fault of hers. When I talked to the salesperson about the return she claimed to know nothing on how returns worked and then I felt like she shrugged me off, like I she already made her sale from me and now the after is not her concern, I do not like when I purchase something and then I  regret my purchase because the  salesperson makes you regret dealing with them. I will not deal the salesperson ever again.  The only reason I will come back to Ashley is because of Christina.
3	The reason for the 3 stars is not because of the sales person, she was excellent.  Management sucks, they are no help.  Received and email from Ashley furniture and it said no interest till 2020.  It said nothing in the email about having to purchase $5000 or more to get the no interest till 2020.  To me that's false advertisement and shady business.
1	Terrible customer service.  BUYER BEWARE AND MAKE SURE YOU LOOK AT THE CONDITIONS AND TIMING FOR RETURN. I purchased an upholstered bed, and because I was moving and didn't re-inspect the furniture I purchased, it was 11 days before removing the item from it's original box.  When I went to assemble the piece I saw a tear in the back of the unit.  This bed never got out of the original box. I called Ashley furniture and sent in photo's but the hard and fast rule they have about giving you three days to check it out and then it's yours to keep no matter what. This was my second and last visit to this store.  I will continue to be a Macy and RC Willey customer as they have service after the sale.  All I got from these characters is "sorry your bad!"I'm now disputing the charge on the card I took out with GE Capital while at the store to buy this sorry company's  merchandise.  They were sure happy enough to sell it to me..  Was it worth it to them to have this written review for a crummy $650.00 and to have lost a customer and referrals for life? What a hassle!
3	I received a call from Ashley furniture and am happy to report  that my upholstered bed has been  replaced.  Not only did a new bed get delivered but they set it up for me. I will now continue to be an Ashley customer, however the 3 day rule is still the policy and I  was given another 3 days to review. Thank you it made a tough situation much better!
1	Well yelp is full of shit about not removing reviews because I did a review on walker furniture and some how it mysteriously disappeared, I guess walker must have paid them. We'll here it goes again, they advertise 50% off but when you get there the prices are 50% higher then they were before the sale. That's called bait & switch. So be on the lookout when they have those GREAT 50% off sales, because your being take for a ride.
5	I know there are some negative reviews on here about past experiences at this location, but I was shopping there today and had a 5-star experience! I was at this location last week and was assisted by Rachel, she was great! I came back today to purchase my bedroom set, and was given top notch customer service by Marco. He crunched the numbers for me, gave me a few great discounts off a new mattress set... Thank you Marco!  Went over and above to assist getting me a great deal. I would recommend this location to everyone. Last week I went to RC Willey's and wasn't impressed. Not even by the "free" 32 inch tv offer with a new mattress set. Then I went over to the Ashley Furniture Homestore at the Galleria Mall location, the sales person wrote my exact same bedroom set up for double the price I paid today at the MLK store location! Wtf?? Anyway... I recommend  this store to everyone. Ask for Rachel or Marco, they will take care of you!
5	Marco was great! Really enjoying our new furniture. The delivery guys were kind and courteous and did a great job! Would definitely shop here again!
5	I will shop no where but Ashley from now on. Professional sales people and delivery drivers. They delivered when they said they would. It was a great experience from start to finish. If you need furniture go to Ashley
4	Since I have moved to Las Vegas, Ashley furniture is my place to go whenever I'm looking for furniture. I moved to Vegas with minimal furniture thinking that I will purchase when I get there. I searched a lot of the furniture stores here and decided on Ashley. I just purchased a complete bedroom suite when I was only looking for a mattress! The salesman, Ed, was not pushy and after we decided on a mattress and connected with him, I decided to purchase an entire set. (I deserved it!) Ed was more than happy to assist. I purchased a mattress from Macy's and sent it back because what I thought I was ordering wasn't what I received when it was delivered. The bedroom I purchased from Ashley was exactly what I ordered and the mattress was perfect. Plus the delivery guys were cute!  Good experience, good salesman. We had everyone in the store laughing with us. I will return to Ashley because I need new rugs now!
1	Today I went in to buy a bunk bed for my kids and a dining set. The salesman that we had to go get was rude and really didn't want our business. He said all computer systems were down and have been for days now and he said because of that we probably wouldn't even get delivery for about a month or longer. WTF!!!!!! Also he told us that we should go try RC Willys or Walker Furniture. WTF!!!!!!!!!! I have bought my living room set from Ashley's and NEVER got treated this poorly. So I ended up buying from Walker Furniture today. Bad move Ashley's bad move!
5	So the manager Hoyt contacted me about the issue and told me to come back in and give them another chance to earn my business. So I did and we found an absolute beautiful bed set and they gave us an outstanding deal on it. I will definitely be back to Ashley's
1	Ok so this is what happened to us when we went to Ashley Furniture Store. I hope everyone reads this. We went to Ashley Furniture store the one on Martin Luther King on September 22 2014. We first ordered a bed for my son. I went the next day & cancelled the bed & ordered a whole bedroom set for my son. The only thing the bedroom set didn't come with was the stand up dresser. We had to pay extra for that. It came with everything else. We went back a week later & ordered the stand up dresser & asked them if they could deliver it with the bedroom set. The guy said yes & wrote it on our reciept. We paid delivery which was $99.99. Ok now they were supposed to deliver the bedroom set on October 2nd which was this month. So there computers went down for a week or more that they couldn't look up any info. I kept calling them to find out what's going on with my order. But I kept getting the same response, that they don't know when the computers will be working again. Ok so we waited. Finally I get a call around a week ago saying that they will have my furniture delivered on Oct 16. I said ok. I get a call a day before the delivery saying that they can only deliver the bedroom set without the stand up dresser. I asked why, it's supposed to be delivered with the bedroom set. They said it hasn't been shipped yet. The lady said the stand up dresser will be shipped on Sat Oct 18 which is tomorrow. I said ok that's fine. Well they brought me the bedroom set first of all there was no mirror with the dresser & then the lamp that came with the bedroom set wiggled like it's going to break. I asked the delivery guy where is the Mirror for the dresser. He said that's what they told him to deliver. I called Ashley Furniture Store & spoke to the man that helped us there. He was very rude. I called there Customer Service & Corporate office. They said to call the store that we bought the furniture from, they had nothing to do with it. Ok well finally the manager called me & I told her that it should've came with the mirror. I also told her & the man that helped us there that my sister bought a beautiful bedroom set from RC Wiley. It didn't cost too much. There delivery charge at RC Wiley was cheaper than Ashley Furniture Store & that they gave her so much stuff for free when she bought it. It's not about getting stuff for free, but you'd think after they made us wait for that long the owner would send everyone a gift card or something. Also we had bought furniture before from Walkers Furniture store & we have never encountered something like this before. After I told the manager at Ashley furniture store that I'm going to write everything on yelp. Com & I'm going to call the news to let them know what's going on. She gave me a $100.00 credit in the store too buy the mirror. Well the point is after everything they did, they still think it's not their fault. After I go & order the mirror for the bedroom set, it will be the last time I step my foot there.
1	In August 2013 we bought a small dining table for our nook from the Martin Luther King location. Our nook space was small and all of the tables that could accommodate the area ranged in price from $399-599. We were skeptical about the quality of a table in this price range, but the sales person stated it was "very durable". Within 6-months the table surface started to puckle, next cracks developed. We called customer service and they sent someone out to inspect the table. Upon arrival the Ashley representative stated the table had water damage and accused us of improperly caring for the furniture, interestingly enough we have other wood furniture in our home, including a piano, that is over 10 years old and in perfect condition.By month 7 the chairs started to fall apart and the surface of the table began to splinter. Afraid our toddlers would be injured by the wood shards, we were forced to purchase another table set from RC Wiley.I was very disappointed in how Ashley's customer service handled this situation.  Furniture should last more than a year with normal usage.
5	Had a great experience all around here. The salesman (unfortunately forgot his name I think it's Ed) was great and I never felt like he was hovering over us and hassling us buy something. He was very knowledgeable about the product he was selling as well as warranty coverage.  We found a great sectional sofa in sale and arranged for delivery. Delivery time and date was confirmed with me twice via text message and the item was delivered as promised in perfect condition. The delivery drivers were extremely polite and very capable. They somehow managed to squeeze a giant three piece sectional sofa through my narrow second floor apartment door.  It was a small miracle actually. We love the sofa which is really excellent quality for the price and fully warranted.  The service all around was very good.  Highly recommend this place.
5	Awesome location with a wide selection of great looking and great quality furniture. Salesperson Chuck was most helpful, super friendly, and not pushy at all. Had a living room and dining room sets picked out. Can't wait till it's delivered!
5	I am writing this email to express my sincere appreciation to Katie Pflieger your customer service representative for Ashley Home Furnishings in Las Vegas, Nevada. We purchased 5 rooms of furniture from Ashley and the transaction was very good. After a few months of use the couch, love seat combination started showing signs of pilling in the fabric. I called and talked with a couple of people at Ashley and did not receive a reasonable resolution this this problem and I became very frustrated; then I called and got connected to Katie Pflieger and she took total control and responsibility for the issue. We quickly realized Katie did not have the authority to solve my problem but she agreed to present my problem to management and said she would get back to me. I thought, wrongly, that I would never hear from her again, but to my surprise she contacted me everyday to keep me updated. Wow, was I amazed and impressed. Well, today she called and offered me a suitable resolution to my problem and as a result I couldn't be happier with Ashley Furniture and especially Katie Pflieger.Before retirement I was a businessman with almost 400 employees. I wish I could have had 400 Katie Pfliegers. My business life would have been greatly enhanced. I highly recommend that Katie be considered for advancement at Ashley Furniture. She represents your company as no other person can or is willing to. My opinion of Ashley Furniture has gone from questionable to extreme satisfaction totally due to Katie's efforts. Please do whatever you can to keep her happy because she, in my estimation, is irreplaceable.Jared D. Miles
2	I should have read other reviews before purchasing my couch here. My PIC and I had been to several different furniture stores including this one before deciding the right couch for us was at this store. We returned to buy it but decided to give the place a walk through one more time before the sale. We were immediately pounced upon by a sales person named "Q". She followed us around like a lost puppy asking us questions, hovering and staring and making us uncomfortable. We had already decided on the couch so we told her we would take it. She immediately seemed lost on the entire purchase process. She couldn't figure out the price, she didn't know if the item was stocked and as we walked over to the counter to start giving our information I began to become irritated. We waited almost TWO HOURS for her to complete the paperwork and allow us to leave. We sat, we stood we answered all her questions and the time and frustration seemed to extend. She had no idea what she was doing. She quoted us the wrong price twice, she made the mistake of misinforming us on the chaise being in stock when it wasn't and had us fill out paperwork twice. Did I mention it was $100 charge just to get the couch delivered? I won't be shopping here again.
