4	I recently took two pairs of shoes here for repair. One of which I was certain was beyond repair (pretty badly broken heel).  Reasonably-priced. Pay 1/2 when drop off and 1/2 when you pick up.Fairly quick turn-around. Both pairs were ready two days later, which seemed to be their standard amount of time.Great repair work. Both pairs of my heels are back to excellent condition.
4	Pricey, but worth it. They can fix anything... New boot heels, rips in my leather jacket, and why that pesky peeptoe keeps slipping off. It's great that my shoes don't have to die a premature death. The owner seems like a pretty honest guy.
5	Terrific company!  I had a leather recliner that needed repair & cleaning. Called Friday afternoon. They picked it up, fixed it and returned it to my home Saturday afternoon. First class service all around & nice people too.
5	I wanted to leave a four star review. This is shoe repair, leather dying, upholstery, etc. How can this be a five star service? So I tried to figure out a way it could be better....I first met John, the owner, at a Christmas trade show. He had Elephant skin boots and they were half as much as I thought they should have been, so of course I bought them. I had a pair in the eighties pre-ban and they were the best boots I ever owned. I had the soles rebuilt four times and the uppers once and I was so sad through the nineties and 2000s that I ever let them go. Now the sad part. These new Elephant skin boots were UNCOMFORTABLE! I thought they'd break in, I thought I was just used to cushioned shoes, something would improve. Nope. They hurt my feet. I thought maybe John could stretch them so I took them back. He new exactly what was wrong, added two pieces to the heel to take pressure off the top of the foot and bingo! Great Boots. How did John understand so much about podiatry and leather all at once? Since then I've bought sting ray boots, kangaroo boots and even ostrich boots. My Franklin Covey day timer got loved to death and he rebuilt it and dyed it a better color. The prices have always been reasonable, even with high end exotic materials. The turn around has never been more than two days, usually one. He's never freaked out when I forgot to pick something up. I won't go anywhere else. I can't think of a way he could improve. So that's why a leather man gets five stars.
1	I was VERY disappointed with the service. I usually go to a different shop around Sahara but i waned to give Quality Shoe Repair a chance since they are closer to me. Big mistake!!!! Besides being much more expensive they replaced the inside and the heals of my shoes very poorly. I do not recommend that place and i will never go back to that shop again.
5	Great for Purse Repairs - I drive from Mountains Edge to this great repair shop in Henderson! Reasonable pricing and fast turn around. Been in business at that spot for many years - hands on owner!
5	The car outside his shop intrigued me so I decided to give John and his Quality Shoe Repair shop a try a few years ago.  I am really glad that I did!  Did you know that you can actually "take in" sandles that are too big after you lose weight?  If that is the case, John and his crew are the best.  He "altered" 5 pair of shoes for me after a large weight loss.  He has also remodeled some of my favorite handbags ( added a zipper here and there and removed those pesky center pockets for me).  He has made a leather jacket of mine and a friend's look better than new and also dyed a stain on a leather car seat.  You would have never known that it was ever there.  Whatever your need with leather or vinyl, they can accommodate you.  John is a true craftsman and his daughter who works the counter is a doll!
2	Use to always take my shoes here for repair...I am a cocktail waitress so my shoes are very important to me...took my shoes in for a complete overhaul...new bottoms, reconstruction of inner soles and some stitching in one area where I had a safety pin holding it...picked them up, paid the $75...go to work... I can't get the ankle strap around my ankle... Confused because I never had them work on the ankle strap...I looked and it had been sliced in half (presumably in error) and sown together mints one and one half if an inch...so can't wear my shoes at work! Go back to Shoe Repair and show them this..no I'm sorry... Just, "we'll how long do u want the strap??" I stated as long as the other one..the length it originally was...no explanation or sorry for the inconvenience of me driving up there again...so leave the shoes for 2 more days...pick them up...no charge...and they still feel horrible...I'm looking at them like, what is wrong?? Then I notice on the same shoe the T strap and been cut down by an inch so the shoe fit weird...upon showing them this and asking why they even touched this the daughter of the owner argued with me that because of the "safety pin" I had on it they had to do "something different". I then stated that no, the safety pin was on the other foot and that shoe looks great... She argued again no, it was the other one.. I said enough, I walked around for 2 months with that safety pin, I definitely remember what shoe it was...anyway I said " please fix it " I come back another 2 days later...it's not ready... Can u wait 35 minutes until he gets back from lunch?? I'm steaming at this point...I left, came back in 45 minutes... Got the shoes...well, they fit now however my left shoe is full of butchered straps with pieces patched on it...use to always use this place...NEVER again.... All their mistakes, not one apology....BIG mistake...
5	So here's the scoop, I wear my most favorite wedges so much that the strap finally broke...it was bound to happen. I didn't know if it could be fixed (I was willing to pay anything to get my shoes up and running again) and was worrying about who to trust when fixing these gems. Insert the infamous big, yellow high heel. I saw it driving along Horizon Ridge so I decided to follow it back to its home. This store is little but man was it buzzing. I found some coupons on the store website so I had those in hand and I turned over my wedges to the nice shoe fairies. I got a call a couple of hours later that they were done (that was fast, I thought). I went after work to pick them up and they were perfect!! It cost me $20 to get them fixed and I found that to be reasonable. Of course they can handle a lot more than shoes....they can repair leather, do upholstery cleaning, fix purses, replace watch batteries, knife sharpening, etc. I'm a happy camper and I think you'd be too!
4	Tan-tastic. Adjusted a handbag in minutes while we waited, with friendly service and a fantastic end product. Don't let the three shoe-shaped cars outside fool you; this place is legit.
4	I took a purse with a broken strap and my favorite heels to be repaired. They were very nice and professional. They did a very very good job! I am very pleased and will be using them for all my shoe and leather repairs!!!
5	Backstory: wore my brand NEW louboutins to a club. Everything was okay until my girlfriend got so drunk and had me running after her trying to take care of her. Long story short, the entire heel tip & a good amount of the heel got broken off in the escalator trying to catch her! I'm pretty miserable at this point having spent close to $1200 on these shoes and having worn them once before! Took them to this place, in tears almost. The clerk took a look at them and then grabbed the owner, I assume. He said it would cost extra to fix because of the damage done. The price was extremely reasonable & then I asked them to put the red vibram grips on the bottoms. Picked the shoes up 3 days later. Good as new! They did a great job! I will always take all of my shoes here to get fixed & all of my other louboutins to have red grips put on!
5	I was really nervous walking into the shop as I wasn't super sure what to expect. I had bought this BEAUTIFUL Vince Camuto boots but like all designer boots, the shaft of the boot was beyond too small. We're talking like two inches too small. So I had two options- return them and never have the boots I loved or try to fix them. When I walked in I was greeted by Diana and after we spoke about my options and she talked me off the ledge I was ready to make the leap of faith and fix them. She assured me that everyone she has ever done this for has loved the outcome. She could not of been more right. They fit so perfectly now and like she told me- these are my custom boots. Only I have these exact ones. They kept the integrity of the designers boot but added the exact leather to make me actually fit in them. You literally could not tell I had any work done. I'm going back with everything I own now. I would 100% recommend to everyone!
5	These guys are awesome. Don't believe the hater reviews. Well...read the one star reviews because they are kind of hilarious.I was referred to these guys by Atlantic Luggage. I have several pieces of luggage that needed repair, some under warranty, and some not.They did a fantastic job and for the pieces I had to pay for, the price was very reasonable. In fact, I was so pleased that I brought in my favorite pair of dress shoes and had them re-heeled and re-soled. Again, an awesome job and very reasonable price.No matter where you live in Vegas, it's worth the drive.
5	A wheel on my rolling bookbag broke. I'm in law school, so I'm pretty much crippled without a rolling bag for all my books. I took it in on a Saturday late-morning and had it back later that afternoon, so I was ready to roll (ha!) for class on Monday. $25 to replace one wheel, seems reasonable. Service was efficient and polite. Thanks QSR! I'll be in to get my knives sharpened next!
5	John takes pride in his trade and it shows.  He has expanded the calves of several pairs of boots and  put numerous new soles and heels on boots and shoes for me.My repairs have held up well and always have that detailed finished look! Dazzling!He not only repair boots, bags, belts and luggage, but he did a wonderful job re-dying my elite show saddle.  All my repair/dying  work goes to John.  He also installs watch batteries!  How convenient is that? - being able to get boots repaired and watch batteries all in one trip!
5	I always bring my shoes here to get shined and they do a great job , most of the time they do it while I wait , or if they are busy they will usually get the shoes back the same day , on top of that they are very knowledgable and have great customer service ... I highly recommend this place for your shoe repair needs
1	AWFUL!! WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE!! DO NOT GO HERE!!! They painted, yes paint, like spray paint, my Hermes purse and a Chanel purse!!! I have been a loyal customer for 7 years.  I didn't want to wait for a professional "spa treatment" for my purses so I figured I could come here for cleaning.  Being a loyal longtime customer I trusted his opinion and advise.  Owner John, said he could restore the color.  No problem.  I came to pick up my purse and was horrified to see it was painted.  When I questioned what was done he was very defensive and angry.  He kept saying it was beautiful to him.  Not listening to me the customer.  Didn't even want to listen to what I had to say.  I realized my best bet was to ask for store credit since I go there all the time.  He argued with me about that!  So I just left.  I will never go there again.  Not because of what happened to my bags, but because of the way he treated me.  After 7 years of loyalty, he couldn't set his pride aside and come to an agreement.  I am so disappointed and bothered by his customer service.
2	Brought old uggs for a Dye job. Logo was painted over. Was really upset he cleaned off dye on the spot. But why leave it like that so costumer can get upset and if it was that easy to clean off how long will it last on my boots
5	Came in with a clasp broken on a purse. They had the correct hardware and were willing to do the repair while we waited!!!Wonderful experience all around, friendly, courteous, professional. I will return and would recommend anyone needing leather repair come here!
5	I came in to get some heels repaired and the staff was so friendly. The service was amazing. They only charged me $12 for a pair and told me I could pick it up later that evening. I was so happy!
5	I brought my shoes in to Quality after seeing there infamous boot car on the freeway. Prior to my visit, I wasn't sure my shoes had salvation. My shoes were in bad shape: drying out, with some water marks, and water damage. Upon my arrival at the store, I was greeted by John Jr. who explained the repair process to me. They needed to be cleaned, refinished and waterproofed. These are actually one of my favorite pair of shoes, so I was ecstatic to here that they could be salvaged. The price was very reasonable, under $25 bucks. The whole repair process took two days. They look as good as new. The pictures speak for themselves. I live on the opposite side of town but will be back as the price is competitive, the service is excellent, and my family loved the shoe cars! 5 star customer service!!!
1	I brought an expensive handbag in to have a tear in the leather repaired, was assured it would look unnoticeable upon repair, needless to say two weeks after the promised date and 150$ later it looks like a 5 year old repaired it. I expressed how unhappy I was with the attempted repair, and the owner/manager said that's the best its gonna ever be and put it in a plastic bag, laid it on the counter and walked off. He didn't even try to rectify the situation and seem unconcerned about how unhappy I was. Needless to say I am very unhappy with the repair and the price since it wasn't repaired properly. I will not be returning to this business again. I wish I could give it a negative star as it doesn't deserve the one star you have to rate to write a review.
5	Until today, I was basically a shoe repair virgin - didn't think it was worth the cost of getting my shoes repaired, so if they got damaged, I would buy a new pair.  However, I have a nice pair of boots that are in great condition, except for the run down heels from walking all over the poorly paved, often cobble-stoned sidewalks of our nation's capital.  I decided to give the shoe repair thing a try.... found a handy dandy coupon for this place, expecting to pay upwards of $30 and wait a couple of days for the repairs to be done.  Instead, I paid $12 for the heels to be repaired and waited only 15 minutes.  The staff person who helped me was super nice and professional.  And those heels look as good as new.  Shoe repair virgin no more! ;)
