5	This glorious food is so bad for me, but they really make up for their unhealthy food with excellent service! Maybe our cashier was having a wonderful day or maybe she was just born sweet...but she really hooked us with with some mega M food!We got to use 3 coupons simultaneously and received 2 fish filets, 2 chicken wraps, a large fry, and a large drink for $4. It really cannot get better than this!This McDonalds was clean and fresh!  Thank you for redeeming the arches for us!
2	My small coffee I order almost every morning is always ordered the same way...4 creams, 3 sugars.  Every morning it tastes different.  Slowest McDonalds and worst customer service!
1	This franchise is one I tend to avoid. Skimpy on the fries, order comes wrong...just have to constantly double check order correctness. Last time I went in, they simply did not my order in the system at all. It wasn't until I asked someone that we were able to get the order complete.
1	This McDonald's always disappoints me! I always get  fries and they are always stail! I told them to make it fresh and when i got them they were still cold and definitely did not taste fresh!
1	This location has let me down each time I've been there in the 1.5 years I've lived in the area. There has never been one visit where my order was correct. Sometimes it is little things like missing sauces, but most of the time (like today) I'm missing sandwiches or fries. Today we were shorted a McDouble and I received the wrong burger as a part of a value meal. Best of luck - maybe I'm just unlucky.
3	Pretty basic McDonalds.  It was packed on a Saturday at lunchtime with all sorts of people from families to construction workers.Service at the counter was friendly and they got to me quickly.  The dining room is one of the "upgraded" kinds and was nicer and bright.  When I went to sit down all of the booth tops were pretty much filthy so I had to clean off mine which sucked.  The floor needed sweeping.  They did have one staff member working the dining room, but he was checking trash cans and refilling ketchup.  He finally got to cleaning tables by the time we were done.  With this much traffic they should have had 2 people out front.Anyhoo....no comments about the food since it was all standard, no different from any other McDonalds.
