5	I have never seen a dog hotel like this one.  Its the Four Seasons for pets.  Massage, grooming, gourmet food, and very affordable.
5	Hands down the best pet hotel and boarding. Super nice, clean, offers everything. Haircuts, training, pool, staff is friendly. Price is actually pretty great!
5	I love my dog as a son and find it hard to trust anyone with him. This hotel is unlike any other. I sleep well knowing he could not be in better hands. Thank you!!!
5	Luxe Pet Hotels has grabbed a new niche in the Las Vegas market!! It is hands down the most welcoming place to bring you're pets in the city. The amenities are over the top and the friendly service makes you feel at ease leaving you're dogs or cats there for long periods of time. Most importantly the dogs absolutely love it! Once you take you're pets to Luxe Pet Hotels for boarding or grooming you will never take them anywhere else again!!!
5	Luxe pet hotel is an excellent place to leave my bon bon, I never leave him at boarding hotels but after touring luxe and meeting the friendly staff and owners and saw how spotless and beautiful the vicinity is I immediately was relieved to leave my pup there while I had to go out of town last minute , it's an all in one as well, grooming, obedience classes and a boutique , got him such a cute sweater :) Thanks luxe!
5	It's a 5-star hotel for pets! The facility is brand new, very large, very clean and has nice, spacious kennels (with flat screen TVs for watching movies) plus "high roller suites" that are bigger than my own bedroom. The indoor/outdoor play area is very roomy and the outdoor section has turf, fire posts and a cabana! They also offer training and grooming. My dog had a great time staying there for 3 nights and was treated like royalty. It is very close to our condo, just a few minutes away, which makes it very convenient for me to drop off on my way to work. I am so pleased to have a place to trust completely with my precious pooch.
5	Such an awesome place that has lots to offer my Maltese. The different rooms they offer are awesome. Something that would be great from people lol. Lots of amenities for her  and staff was extremely friendly and caring. This is the only place I'll take my dog whenever I'm in vegas.
5	This is the best place by far we  have taken the girls to. Not only is it so clean and the place itself is so fun, but the service they give is over and beyond!!! We had a last minute change with another dog care place and Zaneta and her fiance Bobby were so great to us and took us immediately. Zaneta went even further and sent me pictures of the girls everyday I was gone just to reassure me they were happy and having lots of fun. I usually am a little nervous when I leave them but I didn't feel that at all with this place. And usually when I pick the girls up they are really crazy and crying and are weird for a few days, but when I went to go get them from here they acted as if they were too busy having fun to come see me! lol! We are never going to go anywhere else!!!! Thank you so much Luxe Pet Hotel!!!! Bayla and Lola can't wait to come and play again.
5	There is NO other place to take your pet in Las Vegas!! The owners of this place love the animals there and have put a beautiful place together for their care. Our puppy is like our kid and we are so thankful that we found this place. Just go....you have to!
5	Great. Staff are super nice, facilities are great, place is clean.Thank you!Thanks my whole review, fuck you yelp for not letting me post it because it's too short.
5	Very nice hotel and the staff were very friendly. They even send me pictures of my dogs when they were playingWith other dogs.
5	Great service and amazing facility.We enjoyed our stay in Vegas knowing our pets were well cared for. Our pets came back to us happy and relaxed.Thank you!
5	Our doggy Hercules thanks Luxe Pet Hotels for the care and excellent service!The facilities are nice, staff considerate... Wouldn't hesitate to bring our dog here next time.
5	Yesterday was the first day we took our puppy to their doggy daycare. This was the first time he was ever put into a situation with multiple dogs & I was extremely nervous but I wanted to get him socialized as soon as possible. From the moment we got there I felt comfortable. We were given a tour of the place & kevin was able to sniff around. When we picked him up later he was so tired. He slept from 8:00pm to 7:00am! Everyone here is super friendly & very accommodating to each dog. I'm so happy we found this place! If you want your dog to have a fun day, take him here!!
5	After taking my dog to 4 different places for grooming I decided that I was not going to find a place where I can trust the service that was offered for my best friend.  Finally I decided to give one last chance and try this place.Needless to say I was very happy with with the staff unfortunately I don't remember the Russian accent lady that helped us but she was amazing, the groomer did an outstanding job.To finalize my review if you like to spoil your friend while visiting vegas.  This is the place where you will have piece of mind that your pet will have as much fun as you would.Definitely coming back :)
5	We are from Los Angeles and I needed a boarding facility and day care while we were in Vegas.  It's always scary to take your dogs to a new place, but this place is better than I could have ever wished for.  We were given a tour of the facility and shown exactly where my dogs would be staying and I was able to leave my dogs' favorite pillow.  They accommodated their special diet needs and were able to give one of my dog's their medicine.  During our vacation, they sent me pictures of how my dogs were doing (it was an excellent touch).  When I picked my dogs up I could tell my dogs had a great time.  I don't think it gets better than this place.
3	I hate to burst the five-star bubble, I really do. There are plenty of great things about Luxe, but let me explain...I took my 8 month old Maltipoo for his first groom today. I scheduled an appointment rather than opting for complimentary doggy daycare all day because I had multiple appointments and needed him done by a specific time. My first impression of Luxe was excellent. The woman who greeted us (I'm sorry I didn't catch her name) was extremely pleasant, and gave us a lovely tour of the very clean and impressive facility. My dog got to play with some other dogs and two dog trainers in their outdoor play area while I filled out first-timers paperwork. So far... So good.The woman at the front desk informed me that the groomer was running late, so she would need to take notes as to how I would like my dog groomed. I told her I would like a bath, brush, and hair trim up to no more than one inch off his wavy Fraggle Rock style do. And whatever you do, DON'T SHAVE HIS FACE. I wasn't immediately worried about the late groomer, I had arrived 30 minutes early knowing my dog could hang for a bit until his appointment (which is actually really cool). And off I went to run errands with the understanding my pup would by done in approx. 1.5 hours. Can you guess where this is going?...2 hours and 15 minutes later I calledExpecting that the grooming would have been done a half hour sooner. The same desk woman informed me that he was just being groomed and wouldn't be done for another hour. She apologized forThe untimely groomer, and I had no choice but to rearrange my schedule. Ok, this kind of thing happens, and I'm flexible.Plus, they have the doggie daycare hecan hang out in for no extra charge. However....I may be vain and shame on me, but the groomer shaved all my pups beautiful wavy hair off... And she shaved his face! Exactlywhat I asked her not to do.The desk woman was immediately apologetic, and I told her it wasn't like anything I had asked for, but he's still cute, of course. All in all, luxe dog hotels has a really nice front desk woman, great doggie daycare, and a clean, inviting facility. I definitely won't be back for a groom, but possibly doggie daycare or their doggie apparel store with designer dog-wear, or to takethat desk woman a coffee because she seemed like she was working her butt off!
5	We are beyond impressed with this business. The facility is spotless around the clock and offers incredible amenities for our two English bulldogs. Their indoor and outdoor play areas are spacious and they have an incredible staff of dog lovers. Highly recommend this for puppy daycare, boarding, and grooming. Our bullies came out looking like they were ready for a magazine cover after being groomed here.
5	My husband and I recently took a road trip from Phoenix to Mammoth.  On our way home we decided to stay in Las Vegas.  My aunt had planned to watch our dog so we could enjoy a nice dinner and a show, unfortunately she fell ill and while driving through the middle of the desert I was stressing out trying to locate a place my fur baby, Davis could stay which I would approve of.  I called a few places and was unimpressed with the phone service and requirements (some wanted a physical paper copy of vaccinations and would not accept a faxed copy from my vet).  I stumbled upon Luxe Pet Hotels in Vegas.  I called and spoke w/ Zaneta, she was very professional, was willing to accept a fax from my vet, and also had room for my baby.  In addition when I asked if they were close to the strip she said yes, little did I know they were literally across the street from the Cosmopolitan Hotel where we were staying.  The distance from the Cosmo to Luxe was a mere two minutes - now THATS convenience you can't put a price tag on.  Check in time was 6 AM with a check out the following day of 6 PM - this in and of itself impressed me since trying to rush to get checked out of a hotel is stressful enough. The late pickup allowed my husband and me to check out, have breakfast and finish some last minute shopping.   When we arrived Zeneta (the owner) took Davis from my arms and started loving on him immediately.  She carried him for me and showed my husband and I the entire resort.  They had some pretty fancy rooms with beds, TV's and the sorts. She continued to walk us through the rest of the facility showing us all the rooms they had avail from suites to standard rooms.  The facility was clean, it smelled great, and then we went outside.  They had two large grassy (faux) areas for the dogs to play, one area was for the small dogs and one for the larger dogs.  They have a dog bone shaped small pool they keep water in when it's cool enough (early AM, later in the PM when the Nevada sun goes down).  There was a cabana w/ lush bedding for the dogs to sleep on.  All the dogs were playing and enjoying and there was staff there loving each of them.  We went back inside and looked at the room we had chosen for Davis, he's a Pomeranian so I didn't feel he needed anything overly fancy.  The standard rooms are nice, with a large glass door which allows your fur baby to look out and see everything - vs being behind a wooden door they could chew, destroy and where they feel isolated.  The rooms truly allow for your pet to feel at home while being on vacation.  I left Davis at Luxe feeling a sense of relief I had found a great place for my baby, little did I know Luxe would not only meet but EXCEED my expectations.  Throughout the entire evening and next morning Zaneta sent me several photos of my baby playing with the other dogs and being cuddled by the employees.  She kept me appraised at how he was doing with the other dogs and the photos painted a clear picture - Davis was in HEAVEN!  When I picked him up he was all ready to go & he was plum tuckered, sleeping the entire 5 hour drive home.  I can guarantee our next trip to Vegas we're taking the dogs and they will all (we have 4 in total, 3 Pomeranians and 1 Ibizan Hound) be going with us so they can truly lap up the lush lifestyle of the rich and famous while we enjoy the Las Vegas lifestyle.  Why pay $50 or more for your pet to stay with you when you can sent them on their own vacation where they get truly undivided attention and where you can be a kid again while your fur baby is given 1st class love, attention and catered to like the rich and famous!
5	Lux Pet Hotel has everything we were looking for in a pet hotel. My pups are really spoiled and like to sleep in our bed. When I saw that they had suites with king sized beds I was thrilled. They play several times a day, indoor and outdoor which is very important because Vegas gets really hot. The customer service has been outstanding. I get several text a day letting me know how my pups are doing. They send me pictures as well. I hate leaving my dogs in a pet hotel because they usually hate it. They seem so happy. I plan to send them there again If we go out of town. I also would like to send them there for day care. Zaneta was very informative and helpful. I've never seen a pet hotel like this before. They left me impressed.
5	I have a small black pug, named Bruce Lee. I am one of those over protective, overly picky, overly involved dog owners. This was the first time I've boarded my dog. We came to Vegas over a holiday weekend, they were very accommodating and allowed me to drop him off after hours, and I received a brief tour of the facility that night. I came back the next day for a full tour, and I stopped in a few days later to check on my dog. I was immediately pleased with my decision to board him there. I felt my dog was safe, well cared for, and happy. The facility is clean, boarding includes doggy daycare which is supervised, the dogs receive human interaction and attention. All the dogs there were healthy, happy, and well socialized.  Luxe Pet Hotel isn't overpriced, they are worth every penny, there is no comparison to other facilities in Vegas; and they totally live up to the 5 star yelp reviews.
5	I come to Vegas every few weekends and was hesitant about leaving my yellow lab anywhere- but upon seeing this place and meeting the great owner it put my mind at ease. When I picked my dog up the next day, she was so happy and I could tell she loved it there! Like most people, my dog is family to me and I can honestly say I truly recommend Luxe for any dog of any breed or size!
5	My dogs had such a great time at the Luxe Pet Hotel. I'm so happy I decided to bring them there... They really gave me peace of mind knowing that they were in good care, and I knew they were going to have a lot of fun while they were there. I picked them up and they were really tired, which tells me that they had a really great time playing with the other dogs! They sent me pictures of my dogs playing while we were on our vacation and it really made us happy to see they were having such a good time. It was so clean and there are different play areas for small, medium, and large dogs, both indoor and outdoor. My two Yorkies had a blast and we will definitely be back!!!
5	I was so worried about leaving our former pound puppy somewhere. We didn't want her to feel abandoned. Well, we lucked out when we found Luxe on Yelp. Gracie was happy & tired when I picked her up. They sent pictures nearly everyday & she always looked so happy. She even found a new boyfriend & lots of friends. Clean, great people & lots of attention. Never again I'll feel guilty leaving Gracie. She had a blast. Highly recommend Luxe! Just please don't book up every room, she be back!!
5	Amazing! Zaneta and the team are loving and supportive, truly passionate about their business! We have two large St. Bernards and they have never really been around dogs they don't know so we were reluctant to board them when we were leaving for our planned anniversary trip to Vegas. We found Luxe on Yelp, and Zaneta was so attentive and friendly that we knew we had made the right decision. The next day she texted us photos of our girls having a BLAST with the other dogs. In fact they had so much fun that they slept the whole way home on Sunday, and then the rest of the day when we got home! It ended up being a vacation weekend for *them* too. :)Luxe is the best!
5	I'm moved from LA to Las Vegas and convinced myself I needed a dog. My last bulldog past away in march 2014, so I had forgotten what it was to have a puppy. Getting off of work early in the morning and coming home wanting to just pass out. I had d'nero (my new bully) waking up ready to play. It was upsetting not getting enough sleep and him wanting to play. I finally found LUXE which honestly saved me from getting a second dog to play and my beauty sleep. Zaneta and Bobby are amazing, their love for animals really shows. If it was just a number count it would be like 90% of the PET KENNELS (which is what they should name their place instead of dog hotels) that have your dogs locked up all day and only being taken out to do their 1or 2.  They have like home style rooms for each dog when staying over, massage tables, treadmills for two buddy's to exercise side by side, indoor play area with clear glass rooms (20 kennels circling the play area)  for the dogs that just like to watch, outdoor play area dividing  big/small, I'm sure I've missed a lot. But honestly if your schedule is busy and want an awesome place to send your dog which he's sure to come home ready to cuddle. Their is no better place than thisThank you Luxe Hotel
