3	Went to Men's Wearhouse today to rent a tux with my friends for my good friends upcoming wedding.  The store was good sized and all the dress items were evenly spaced and very easy to peruse.  The service was great, I would definitely recommend looking online and taking a printout of what rental your like so they can match it up and give feedback.  The tailors were thorough and concise.  I must say this place is great when it comes to the value and service.
1	Overall - Poor service, poor attitude, poor follow up, but... good selection,knowledgeable sales staff and good prices.1.  Experience -Been to this place for a long time and have spent each year at least 1000-1500.2.  Selection - I am hard on clothes and travel alot. The quality of their products I am very happy with. You have to spend a bit to get quality stuff.3.  Quality - Their own brand, Pronto Uomo, is very good overall and will wear well and look great. You cannot go wrong here.4.  Tailoring - They will tailor and alter everything to fit you perfectly, and once you tailor something, you can have it altered in future for free.5.  Service - Their current staff is not up to task unfortunately. I have gone there three times to order the same shoes I purchased there before. They did not have it in stock, so they called to another store and had it sent to their store. They would put me on a list to call and then never call me. I would call in and they do not call back. I waited 4 weeks and finally ordered it on-line from Amazon and got it in 3 days. They lost my sale. I wanted to buy from Men's Wearhouse, but they didn't care.6.  Tux Rental - I am afraid that you will have no choice but to use them as they are the largest and most recognized in town. However they suffer from not being organized, not having a good process for customer service and not helping the long lines properly. They have a numbering and sign in sheet, and only half of the staff will work it, while the others just help whomever shows up. Iris the manager will bypass it and then when you complain, she ignores you. You will see 10 people waiting to get fitted for tuxedos, and 7 staff, with only 3 of them working the tux people. Yet all 7 at one time you will see help others with tux fittings, so it is odd to see more than 50% of the staff standing around at the front desk jabbering while the client line is not worked....7.  I got frustrated there and mentioned my concerned which led to the staff person helping me there simply going on break immediately without advising me, the manager ignoring me, and one kind staff helping me.I do not enjoy spending thousands at a store yearly and then they treat me like this, so I will not be back, but for all of you, the quality of selection, and the knowledge of the staff has been good up till 2010, so maybe they just do not like me. I would suggest you still try this place and buy stuff, but I will not any longer as it is too painful.
2	Bottom line: good selection, but horrible customer service.When I go suit shopping, I'm usually dropping between $500-$1000.  That doesn't make me the biggest spender in the world, but it's a good chunk of change to spend in a mid-level men's formal wear shop.  And it's not peanuts to me, so when I come in looking to spend that money,  I expect a little attention from the staff and some advice.  They're really not good at attention or advice at this Men's Wearhouse l,ocation.  That hasn't been my experience at all of their stores, but this one is particularly bad.I stopped in 2 different times to look at buying a few suits.  The first time I stopped in, no one greeted me or asked if I needed help.  But to be fair, the staff looked like they were helping a fair amount of customers looking to rent tuxedos.  So I figured I'd just come back when they weren't so busy.The next time I came in, a woman offered to help me.  We talked about what I wanted (classic gray business suit) and she took me over to the section of suits in my size.  After a minute of looking, she just told me, "Looks like we don't have one in" and walked off.  The store wasn't that busy.  She walked back to the register and talked with other staff.  No alternatives offered, no advice.  So I poked around for about 5 more minutes and split.  I headed over to a different Men's Wearhouse, where they met me at the door and discovered they didn't have the exact suit I wanted after talking to me.  But they led me over to a selection of similar suits, listened to what I wanted the suits for and helped pick out 2 suits similar to what I came in looking for.
2	The service here stinks. If the associates aren't cursing on the floor, maybe I'd feel comfortable spend my money here. Along with the fact that u have to talk to other staff members like they're stupid just so they understand something as simple as a first and last name. Terrible.
1	I have been to several Men's Warehouse stores with my husband so he could rent a tux for various weddings. This is by far the WORST store I have ever been to. Customer service is awful. There were about 5 associates on the floor chatting it up when we arrived and when we were finally acknowledged (because we said something, due to a lack of attention), we were told we would have to make an appointment and come back another  time. When we commented that no one was in the store, so could we just take care of this now, we got a big eye roll and an "okay." Let me just clarify that we spent approximately 40 minutes in the store and no one else came in for assistance. This leads me to believe they had no big rush coming, so there was no reason why we couldn't be helped in the first place. Then we were lied to at least three times. First, about the price of a child's tux (I discovered this lie, because I called their corporate number to verify the price because it made no sense). Second, when our groomsmen went in to pick up their tuxes, they were emphatically told that sleeves on the jacket should end about an inch above your wrist when your arms are down at your side. Umm, we didn't order tuxes for a Pee Wee Herman inspired wedding. Lastly, when I asked to speak with the manager, I was told she had left for the day. When I called corporate, and told them what was said (during the same conversation about the child's tux), they checked the time the manager checked out. Of course, I wasn't given any confidential info, but I was told that the manager did not check out of that store until 7 that evening. We were there around 4 pm.When I finally spoke to the manager, she had an excuse for everything and was extremely flippant with me on the phone as well as in person.Bottom line: If you want to add a big headache to your day, and even your event, this is the place to go!
1	Messy store, no customer service and just an all-round bad experience! I think I will take my business elsewhere.
1	Terrible customer service....Also try renting a 59.00 Tux!  There is no such thing.  Its dishonest advertising practices.  Also my husband brought my son in for the 2 for 1 suit sale...the salesman matched up his suits with shirts that were 90.00 each!  did not think twice about mentioning that to my husband.  Also the belts were exactly the same but one was 20.00 more! (different color)  If you shop there always look at the prices and look at your receipt!!!!!!  They must work on commision.  Up selling must be their thing...WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK,
1	Bad service. Bought 2 suits, Bob was very helpful. Got them measured.Took them almost a month to get them ready. thats when it went downhill. One suit wasnt done right, took it back, they lost the pant! it took them 10 days to find it and then they said they fixed it. but they did not. they made it worse. it took me 1 hr to wait when I want to pick it up. Also, on the other suit, they didnt even open up the pockets, I mean really!
2	I went here for a tux fitting.  We were completely ignored by the staff for about 10 minutes.  I suppose it's good that they weren't pushy, but feeling overly neglected doesn't feel good either.When I did finally receive service, it felt a bit rushed.  I'm not too particular about how stuff fits, but I can imagine it annoying someone else.I spent a little time walking around looking at dress shirts and whatnot.  Dang, they got some expensive stuff.  I don't think I saw a dress shirt under $70.  The good news is that the tux rental came with a 50% off your next purchase coupon.  But what about the people who don't have a coupon?
1	I was very disappointed with the customer service here. I'm through with Mens Warehouse forever because of this store.
2	When we went to get my husband fitted and to pick tux and color schem for the groomsmen to rent for our wedding, the guy who help us was so nice and pleasant. He's very helpful and very patient.  Thats the only reason why i rate them two stars.. Because when we returned the tuxes we rented, the woman that was checking all the stuff gave my husband an attitude just because we didnt put the stuff nicely back in the bag. I dont think we have to put it back nicely cause we pay $200 anyway. I will never recommend this place to anyone..
1	Worst costumer service, ever. Even asking for help we couldn't get help. No one greeted us. How does this place stay in business? If my husband didn't spend so much time picking out clothes (with NO help!) I'd go and return them. I still might.
1	Not impressed, over $200 for a RENTAL? And it has to be back the day after the event no matter what or it's an additional $20 per day.  It would have been cheaper to buy the dumb things. Never again
1	I wish I could give them no stars! Service sucks enough said. If it starts out bad it will stay bad. Stay away don't let them ruin your big day!
1	Garbage.This place is straight garbage. 3 visits and my verdict is: Garbage. This location makes me never want to do business with this company again. I'm almost offended at how much they neglected this bridal party.I seriously could have just walked out with my rental without paying and no one would have noticed until I returned it. I'm so ashamed of this whole experience. Its off putting that I have to give at least one star.
1	I went to the store to rent a tux for my son's high school prom. They asked for a $20 deposit. When I called the next day to get the price it was $240 to rent it for 1 night. I was shocked at this outrageous price. I then went to Tuxedo Junction and got the same tux for $60. I called Men's wear house and was told I would not get my deposit back. I was never told it was non refundable nor was it posted. I told the woman this on the phone, and she was extremely rude and refused to refund my deposit.  I know it's only $20 but I cannot believe how rude and unhelpful she was. I will never use them again, and hope everyone who reads this is wary of the price gouging and unhelpful rude employees there
5	I walked into the store expecting the worst based on in the reviews that I read on Yelp. I had tried on my tuxedo that I bought about 10 years ago. I found that the waistband needed to be let out ( it must have shrunk in the closet). I had a wedding coming up in less than one week with travel beginning in 2 days. Not alot of time to allow for the alteration. I walked into the store Sunday afternoon of the 4th of July weekend. The store was crowded with lots of customers. An employee who was helping another customer smiled at me and said I'll be right with you. He had to have seen that I was carrying a pair of tuxedo pants and therefore unlikely to buy anything. Sure enough within 3 minutes he came over to ask how he could help me. I explained my problem and he told me that the alterations department was overwhelmed because it's a holiday weekend. However after hearing what my problem was , he said he would be able to make it work. After marking up the pants, he told me to come back tomorrow after 6 p.m. When I called on Monday afternoon, I was told that the pants were ready. Not only were the parents waiting for me, they were pressed and altered perfectly. Store had outstanding customer service, excellent workmanship, service with a smile. A special shout out to Daniel Hernandez who made sure all of this went perfectly well. PS: because I had purchased the tuxedo from Mens Wearhouse, there was no charge for the alteration even though it was 10 years before.
2	Great Store Manager, Jeff DeMoure and Operations Manager, Sarah McLaughlin. Everyone was so friendly and outgoing. I would go have a beer with these folks. Unfortunately they don't deliver tuxedos on time with proper alterations.
5	I've been to this location several times over the past couple of years. Every time I've been there I've been greeted as I entered and assisted without being hovered over. I've found some great deals and alterations have always been good. I love that once it's altered future fixes are free and there's always free pressing while you wait (and I've never waited more than a few minutes). I get a kick out of these 1 star ratings by these other goofballs. They complain that they've spent thousands of dollars over the years here.... yeah right. If it isn't a good place why are you returning? Gluttons for punishment? Whatever.... It is not top of the line clothing. For that go up Suit Supply or BB at Caesars. But, for economy suits for working guys on a budget it's very good. And this location has a great staff and good management.
1	My husband has a certain brand of pants he needs for work.  Before moving here we've always shopped at Men's Wearhouse.  Unfortunately this location has failed us.  We have stopped in here a few times. Each time the items we needed were out of stock.  Each time the customer service was well below par.   I would always try to make eye contact so they would acknowledge us but no luck.  The bottom line is to save yourself the aggravation.  Just order online if you know specifically what you need.  Plus we found sale prices online that weren't advertised in the store.
