2	We each ordered a combination platter of cheese enchilada and chili relleno.  They were about what I expected (e.g. fair).
3	Scenario:  Leaving the Venetian to go home after our booze-filled rampage, the driver wants chilaquiles.  I go to trusty yelp mobile, and decide on Blueberry Hill.  Halfway there after heavy traffic on the strip, it is said that that place stinks.  OK, Plan B.  We make it 2 blocks on Plan B until we decide to stop at La Cantina and cross our fingers that it has chilaquiles.  The casino smelt like our weekend, but once we hit the restaurant, it smelt wonderful.  They ended up having chilaquiles, and once seated we received 2 different salsas and a bean dip for each side of the table.  Granted we only had a party of 4, so there was no reaching over the table.  The beans were like a bean dip, it was intoxicating and warm.  We  each got the chilaquiles, mine with the green sauce.  The plates arrived after the salsa got old, and it was pretty darn good.  The chips were chewy like I remembered, and it put me in an immediate food coma.  The food was really cheap, but service could have been bumped up a notch.  We never got the sopes we ordered to start with, but it was probably a good thing, as our breakfasts were larger than we imagined.  I would definitely come again, perfect hangover food!
5	Great drink and food specials make this place worthy. The service was spotty at times, but the food, drinks, and overall value far outweighed this.If you're a hotel guest, you get a 2-for-1 coupon. If not, look in one of the local Vegas guides for that same coupon. Also, for the month of May, they offered $1 Tecate bottles and $3 Cazadores shots. $4.95 margaritas as well, but didn't try those.As for food, got the chicken fajitas, served with rice, beans, sour cream, and guacamole for $11.95 (which is only $6 with the coupon). I also enjoyed the chips and salsa (plus the bean dip was a nice change). The service was a bit slow at times, but otherwise pretty good.$32 (after discount, tax, and tip) for two entrees, two rounds of chips and salsa, five Tecates, and two Cazadores shots. Great deal, I'll be back.
4	No more $1 Tecates! They're now $2 (in a bucket of 5). Also no more $3 Cazadores shots. House margaritas are still $4.95 (haven't tried one yet) and 2 for 1 coupons can be found in local tourist rags.
4	I've only gone there once but I ate it twice. No I didn't spew the food after eating, There was just so much food! I'm a cheap chick who doesn't like double digits when seeing what's on most of the menu. I got the chimichanga it was so good. And huge! For 9.45 it comes with loads of cheese,rice,beans,sour cream and guac. Most places will charge extra for all that so it's worth it. The red dip that comes with the chips is so amazingly good. They should bottle it and sell it there! One thing I don't seem to like is the service being a bit too "there" now I love not having to wait for a waiter/waitress, but they're around you as if you'll crush their heart if you don't need another refill. All in all it's a good place and with the 2 for 1 coupon you can't lose.
4	Just EAST @offthestrip at @TuscanyCasino this place is nice & quiet, no lines,no wait and great comfy atmosphere.We used the 2 for 1 coupon out of the newspaper. Service was very ffast & friendly serving up cold drinks,chips salsa & bean dip right away.I ordered the Steak Picado which was only on the menu as a Wednesday special but the made it no problem.The wife enjjoyed the 2 item combo with a cheese enchilada & crispy beef  taco plus rice & beans.Typical Tex-Mex, large portions, cooked well and quite tasty.BEST part the check 2 people for $20!!
4	Honestly, I don't know why I like their enchiladas so much. I just do. It's hotel food, but I LOVE their chicken enchiladas with the verde sauce! It's just so flavorful and the chicken is nice and tender. They also have this ridiculous cheese sauce to go with their chips - YUM!
4	I was pleasantly surprised by the food at the cantina. I read reviews and they made it seem just average but since I had a coupon and it was so close to our hotel we decided to check it out. The food was actually really good. They gave 2 dips with the ginormous basket of chips. One dip was a cheese and bean dip and they had really good salsa. Actually we got 2 kinds of salsa cause we asked if they had any spicy salsa and they brought us a bowl that as well and it was really good. There were 6 of us eating together and we all ordered different meals and nobody was dissatisfied. The beans and rice were good but not great but all of the main dishes were actually very good. The wait staff was pretty inconsistent. The girl who got our drinks was on top of her game but the waiter was a little slow but not slow enough to effect the rating. Oh and the prices were really low. I was surprised cause I read a few complaints about them raising their prices here on yelp. I must say if they were cheaper before then they must have been extremely cheap cause this restaurant was fairly inexpensive.
4	We ate here again tonight and again really enjoyed the meal.  We are creatures of habit when it comes to the Cantina.  My wife generally gets the Pollo con pipian (chicken breast with pumpkin seeds in sauce) while I get the Pollo boracho - chicken breast with a sauce laced with nopales (cactus strips).The chips and salsa are usually brought very quickly, and the waitstaff has always been quite professional.  The bus staff here is above and beyond - the reason for the 4th star.  I never have to ask for an iced tea refill.  They are around before I need to.We will continue coming here and enjoying these two dishes.
4	The fall theatre season has started at UNLV so I stopped here for dinner last night and had a great meal.  I did their Thursday Special of the Day, Barbicoa.  For $12.95, you get soup of the day - in this case it was an excellent cream of mushroom, the barbacoa, cubes of pot roast that are cooked in Mexican spices, rice, and whole beans.When I asked about the spiciness of the barbacoa, the waiter said it was a red sauce with a little spice.  When informed that I liked spicy food, he said he'd tell them to make it spicier.  He did, it was, and boy did I like it.  Extra red cili seasonings gave a zip to the dish.  The beans were also well spiced and had some wonderful cotija cheese for garnish.  The rice was standard Mexican restaurant rice--nothing terribly good nor bad about it.  You also have your choice of flour or corn tortillas.Service was excellent as usual.  This is a great place to eat, but it's a bonus when you an have a quiet, enjoyable, and reasonably priced meal before heading east on Flamingo to get to UNLV.
3	Quintessence of Mexican food mediocrity. Ordered tortilla soup ($4.99) and carne aside burrito ($10.99).  Chips and dips came straight away. Soup tasted like a spicy, unimaginative broth plus a wedge of guacamole tossed in to make it seem authentic. The carne inside the burrito lacked tenderness and flavor. None of it, including sides, zinged with freshness.Some cigarette smoke drifted from the casino area into my seating area. Service was excellent.
5	Excellent food, excellent price, awesome!  Just went for lunch and I was impressed enough to write a review about how good it was.  That takes a lot for me.
4	Surprisingly good Mexican food in this little casino located just off the Strip. We found this place because one year there were so many coupons in the Entertainment Book. The complimentary starter is the chips and salsa (good). My husband asks for a side of bean dip. The best dish is the Seafood Burrito, served with rice and beans (onion stem is garnish).  Since Cozymel's changed their menu, we had to find a worthy substitute. The tasty burrito generously complimented with flavorful sauce, really has seafood (not just shrimp, like Toto's), and it is huge. I only eat half of it. It's the only thing that both of us orders, though one of our friends had the chicken dish, but it didn't look as good as our burritos. Reasonable prices, but even better when you have a coupon.The atmosphere is really tropical looking/feeling with fake palm trees, despite being located in The Tuscany Hotel/Casino. The staff wears uniforms (men wear the cubano similar shirts, and the ladies wear the brightly colored frilly tops with skirts), adding to the Mexican feel. There is booth as well as table seating. The friendly servers are very good. You pay at the cashier. Can't complain about anything- never had a bad meal here.
2	4stars for cleanliness and atmosphere. 2 stars for the food i had on my first and probably last visit, menudo. 2 stars for the mild salsa.
4	I would give this place 5 stars if it were free to eat there! Mmmmmmmmm  Great service every time. Strong drinks. The 2 dips they bring with the chips, right when you sit down, are outstanding. Wait, THOSE are free, so maybe I should make it 5 stars. Authentic Mexican? Who the hell knows, but it tastes grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrreat! And fills me up every time. 2 full meals, 2 drinks all for around $30. Find the 2 for 1 coupon and you are a rock star.
4	This is actually a good Mexican Restaurant, which was very surprising. Hell at 2x's in two weeks. The pot-roast special on Thu was really good. The 4 star rating is for a casino Mexican Restaurant, it would be hard for me to think of any casino that has a decent Mexican restraint that is even close to authentic.
3	I only got a chance to eat here once during my week long stay at the Tuscany.  The food was pretty good but the drinks were terrible.  I had the worst mojito of my life here and my friends didn't enjoy their margaritas very much either.  I got the mushroom and spinach enchiladas and they were good.  My friend got the appetizer platter and she liked it and my other friend got a burrito and he seemed happy with it.The service was OK.  We got a lady that didn't speak much English trying to take our drink order.  I had to use my rusty Spanish to order the drinks.  And then we didn't see much of the waiter and we had to wait for our check a little bit.I would go back when I'm here next year but I will skip the drinks and make my own in my room for a fraction of the cost :o)
3	We were hoping to find some authentic Mexican food and decided to head off-Strip to The Cantina, located in the Tuscany. After being seated, they brought out chips and salsa and bean dip. The bean dip was a nice addition, and when they ran out, they brought us pico de gallo until a fresh batch was made. For drinks, I had the frozen guava margarita. It seems like they use pulp since it was lumpy, but it definitely wasn't strong or big enough. We decided to order the tequila fajitas with beef and shrimp, which are flamed table-side. The tortillas are homemade, and the beef was okay. The shrimp, however, tasted amazing! It was flavored with a buttery sauce, and even though they were small, they were the best-tasting fajita shrimp I've ever had! The rice was decent and so were the beans, except they were covered with too much cheese. Service was good at times, bad at some. We had to flag down our server several times when it was busy. Prices are definitely reasonable. We actually got a free margarita with our meal, even without a coupon. But if you sign up for the Tuscany rewards card, there is a coupon for 10% off. Or you can find a 2 for 1 entree coupon in one of the free Vegas magazines. Overall, not too bad for a Mexican restaurant in this area.
5	My wife and I eat at this place about once a week.  The food is great; the portions, big; the service, good; the prices, reasonable.
5	Love the table side guacamole and their bean dip! This was a great place for the kids, the staff were all very helpful in making sure the entire family was comfortable, all the way down to the baby.I heart fish tacos and theirs didn't disappoint, nor did the beef crispy tacos on our second visit while we were there. Fajitas looked amazing and it was all very reasonably priced for the portions & quality we got.Will definitely be back.
3	Ohhhhh Cantina!You sure make some good Mex chow.Your homemade tortillas make me say WOWWhen I eat them with sour cream,   ~ And carnitas,   ~ And fajitas,   ~ And beans!~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Muy tasty Mexican fare with good service, frequent deals, and located in one of my favorite casinos in town!  OLE!
1	Save your money for the tables/slots.  Seriously.  I feel sorry for the cow that became part of our beef fajitas.  The way they prepared the fajitas didn't do the cow justice.  Not only was there little to non-existent flavor in the chicken tortilla soup, but there was just a few strands of chicken.  I think I'm just spoiled with Mexi food in Cali.
5	I've eaten here several times and the food is excellent.  Moderately priced, quick service, and good food.  Great deal in Las Vegas.
4	Mexican food was good.  Don't ever eat mexican food but when we come back this is were we will eat again!
3	Located inside the Tuscany Casino where we stayed while in Vegas for a convention.Our party of ten came for dinner.  Plenty of seating for large groups.  Our server was very patient and didn't get frazzled when we all wanted to use our 2 for 1 dinner entree coupon.Food was decent.  Prices decent.  Portion size decent.
4	Great to find places like this near the strip!+2. Very friendly staff, genuinely friendly in fact.  Seated promptly and served promptly.  These folks really care about their customer and it shows.+1 a great drink.  Cadillac Margarita mixed with 1800 Reposado (a healthy quantity of it to)+1 good appetizer.  Guac mixed at the table.  +1 good main course.  I enjoyed the flaming fajitas, theatrics and all, but the flavor was definitely improved by the flaming tequila.  Not greasy at all.-1. Location less than desirable and attached to the casino floor,  very smokey considering how few people are in here.Overall, I'll be back and am pleased to have found this place.
4	Wow. Very pleasantly surprised by this place. I've stayed at this hotel before and shyed away from here because when I walked up the decor just says run away. The decor is like a Denny's trying to be Mexican. Not sure if the problem is the cheap plastic plants or the lighting....but don't let it keep you from the food here. I had the Flaming Fajita plate which comes with shrimp, steak, and chicken. Also had a Cadillac Margarita. Both were great! I actually was sitting there eating and drinking and talking to myself about how surprisingly good this is. I'm pretty critical as you can tell from my other reviews, and this place is good! Service was fast and courteous too! Will be back. Wish the hotel was as good.
4	Today was a perfect day to get out of the house and grab a bite to eat.  I met my nephew at The Cantina.  We met here because I am a regular at the Tuscany, and I have comps that I can turn in at the restaurants.  I eat a little differently from most.  I cut all, if not most, of the carbs from my diet.  I explained that to our waitress and she took care of me.  It was hard to stay away from the chips and beans but I managed.  I ordered the chicken tacos and just emptied the middle and dumped the shell.  It was good but not as filling as I would have liked it to be.  But, that is my fault for eating the way I do.  I'm sure I'll be back soon and give it another try when I can eat a little more crazy.
5	This is the restaurant where my Newlyweded cousins had their wedding dinner, it was catered with some great food......chicken enchiladas, chicken or steak fajitas, spanish rice, salad & beans. The dinner was so yummy and the servers were GREAT! The drinks were even better! If I ever decide to go back to VEGAS I will be paying a visit to Cantina Mexican Restaurant again!
5	A nice little Mexican restaurant inside an off-Strip casino. Great food, prompt service and very tasty bean dip and salsa roja. Highly recommended.
5	My favorite place to brunch after a long, alcoholic night! The food is amazing, the service is amazing, and the prices are amazing!Oh yea did I say the food is amazing? from bean dip to shrimp cocktails everything I've tried here is excellent! it's a must if you're looking for a mexican meal in Vegas.
5	This was my favorite restaurant that I visited during my stay in Las Vegas.  We stayed at the Tuscany so we had plenty of opportunities to try this out.  My companion doesn't like Mexican food so it was hard to convince him to try it but once he did, he liked it as much as I did.  He ate there twice and I ate there a third time because I just had to get a carryout of the menudo, it was wonderful.  The table side guacamole is absolutely delicious and it's a big serving, the lunch menu offered some great cheap specials and it all tasted like it was handmade.  If I lived in LV, I'd eat here all the time.
4	Love this little gem tucked away in the Tuscany Suites & Casino. I typically would have passed this place up and chalked it up to nasty, mass produced casino food BUT I received a 2-for-1 coupon and decided to give it a shot. They have surprisingly good Mexican food....yummy chips, great bean dip and my favorite, the chimichanga! YUM! They also have a good lunch menu with decent pricing on the menu items. Plus they serve a delish strawberry margartia, that's the way to my heart I tell ya!The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because the smoke from casino *sometimes* wafts in and is kinda yucky.
5	Great food, great service, great chips and salsa and warm bean dip! Will visit again!!!
5	Excellent, good food and the service was superb. Had the daily special of fajitas and enjoyed it. Was an early dinner (5:30) so not many people there. Would go again.
5	It upsets me seeing negative reviews about this teeny tiny gem. I went there twice during my most recent business trip to Vegas. Amazing food, fast (and RIDICULOUSLY accommodating) service, and a pleasant atmosphere. What more could you ask for? It just goes to show you can't please all of the people all of the time. I had two of the aforementioned mojitos... they are fine. I also had the aforementioned fajitas... they are also fine. But if you want a REAL treat, Garlic Shrimp all the way.
3	We came here for lunch on a Wednesday afternoon. The restaurant is located inside the Tuscany Suites & Casino. It has a very nice atmosphere and was an enjoyable place to have lunch. The staff was very friendly and seated us right away. Our waiter brought out nice warm tortilla chips along with a roasted chipotle salsa, and also warm bean dip. I started with a Cadillac margarita which was very good and pretty strong to get this party started.We opted for the lunch specials which are available for $6.95. A very reasonable price, especially considering how BIG the entrees were. I got the entree that included a chimichanga, and a tamale both of which i got with shredded beef. the sauces were good and it came with sides of spanish rice and refried beans. My husband got the combo that had a soft taco and an enchilada which had seasoned ground beef.Overall i would rate this Cantina about 3.5 stars. Good mexican food for a very cheap price if you get the lunch specials. Nice ambiance, and friendly staff.
4	This place is right next to the Platinum Hotel...which is non-gaming and non-smoking...the only downside to this restaurant is that it is in the heart of the casino...read: you'll come out stinking like smoke AND Mexican fod. The chips were okay, the bean dip was great and the salsa was just alright. We also ordered the table-side guacamole...not sure why they do it table-side...the guy who made it didn't even converse with us or show us what he was doing or even ask how spicy we wanted it, etc. The guac was mediocre. Service was fast and friendly. You could see the people cooking in the kitchen.Our kids had a meltdown and waitstaff worked quickly to get us out of there (thanks!). Moving on...I had the flaming combo fajitas and they were so tasty. I often stray away from steak fajitas because I get the really gristly pieces every.single.time...but not this time. The beef, chicken and large prawns were perfect. The only thing that could have made the fajitas better would have been homemade corn tortillas. My order came with yummy rice and refried beans and large dollops of sour cream, guacamole and salsa. With the meltdown, we decided to get dessert to go. I love flan and their flan would have been SO good if it didn't come out overcooked. There was a thick layer on the top (or the bottom once it has been removed from its mold) and the bottom (now the top) was overcooked, black and burnt tasting. Don't get me wrong, I love a little burnt caramel flavor...but this was a bit overwhelming.I would definitely go back...It was really good!
3	We came on a Friday night and ordered 1. Friday Special, 13.952. Seafood enchilada, 13.95for 22.05 (50% off one item with the Casino Guide Coupon) - Inside Tuscany casino. We were seated immediately. - Service was fast. There were only other diners, other than us. - As we waited for our food, we received complimentary bean dip and salsa with chips. Chips and salsa were fresh. Chips were crispy and warm. Bean dip was delicious and the salsa had chunks of ripe tomatoes. - As we ate, awkwardly a guitarist and lady singer started playing in front of us. The duet was pleasant, but at least introduce to us what's about to happen! haha. Literally, we were talking and then they started doing their act. LOL. No "Hello, How's dinner, we're going to play a couple songs." Just BAM. SING. - Friday special included a sirloin steak and salmon with 2 sides, a soup, and warm tortillas. I ordered the steak medium, and it came out well-done. They took it back and it came less well-done. haha. Salmon was a bit over-cooked as well. - Seafood enchilada was delicious. I recommend this over the special. - Overall, the food is not much an upgrade from something like Robertos. I prefer Casa Don Juan in downtown more, but for convenience, this can do.
4	My group of 4 visited the place just over a wk ago. The food was good. I only had wine so I can't tell u how their cocktails are. I had the cheese stuffed bacon wrapped shrimp appetizer for my dinner, I wasn't very hungry to begin with. It was FANTASTIC!!!! I shoulda ordered two!! Lol. My hubby had a chimichanga thing he said it was good but wasn't hot enough-he loves the spicy! The other two with us had salads and tacos which they were very pleased. Now seriously, I can do without the singing ppl, I think it's a nice gesture, but I didn't want nor asked for it. The woman looked over at my table-right at me as they were finishing with the other table. I politely shook my head and mouthed "no". I continue to have conversation with my husband and whaddya know.. This heffer is standing right next to me singing in my ear. So I said "no no no.. I'm sorry, thank u but no" I felt a little bad but I was not into that at the moment. That should really be optional.!
3	Standard Mexican food. I had carne asada taco and chicken tamale which was very good. Good weekly specials and full bar.
1	This place is total bullshit.It is the worst food I have ever eaten.These tortillas and chips are harder than a damn rock.This place sucks, don't come here, save your money.
1	F A I L ...  Yelp - can you give me a "zero stars" option?Last minute decision - my sushi place across the street was closed (grrrr) ... promptly seated.  10 minute wait for water.  10 minutes - and I had to go ask for a server.  The guy who shows up finally says "this isn't my area but I'll take your order" ... we should have just left... but - hunger overruled .... so sorry we did not leave.  Chips were hard and flavorless as was the salsa... our meals - not good.  My chile verde was "ok" - but nothing special.  My dining companion ordered the Carne Asada.  No flavor - tough.  So bad - he couldn't eat it.  But funny thing - NOBODY stopped by to ask and check in - until I had to track down the check.  He offered to make something else - but by then - we were over it.  At least he took that meal off the check.  FAIL.
4	This review would have been a 3 star rating....but that bean dip....ohhh...that bean dip...was delicious!!!! And I'm not even a fan beans to begin with!!The restaurant is located next to Marilyn's Cafe, right by the entrance from the guest parking lot if you enter through Flamingo Rd. I know this hotel have more than one parking lot so it can get a bit confusing.They got a pretty good sized lunch special menu here. My Combo #6 had a tamale and an enchilada. (with your choice of meat.) Cost only about $6.95. The usual sides include your choice of rice and beans OR a salad. I opted for the salad. Was trying to feel healthy that day lol!!!Food was decent. It's really nothing to rave about. This restaurant is only good if you're a guest staying at the Tuscany Suites and Casino or if  you're here to meet a couple friends that's staying here...which was in MY case. Definitely would not come all the way over here JUST for Mexican food.
5	Yummy breakfast chilaquiles, salsa, bean dip! Breakfast $7.89! Clean nice environment.
4	Another local's special place to go. Food is excellent, service is pretty good and the prices are really reasonable for being in a casino. We have been there many times. It is also close to the strip so a great place to stop before a show or concert for some good food at a reasonable price.
1	THIS RESTAURANT USE TO BE GOOD. Not now. We ordered shrimp diablo and garlic shrimp. The diablo sauce was nothing but spicy enchiada sauce. The garlic shrimp sauce was a lemon sauce. Could not taste ANY butter or garlic. Salad used to be included. Now it's one of two sides to choose from. If you do choose the salad, they put a small handful of lettuce on the hot entree plate. Not too smart. Their "wonderful" bean dip that everyone seems to love is full of lard. Too many other good restaurants in Vegas.
5	Attn tourists.. You should venture off the strip and have some great Mexican food at the Tuscany casino.  They have great prices and the staff and service is excellent.  I recommend this restaurant to everyone as it is one of my favorite places to dine in Vegas.  All of the food is from scratch.  The bean dip is the best I've ever had in my life!  It's complimentary with chips and salsa too!  I love the quesidillas and burritos.  You can also use a buy one get one entree from the Vegas 2 go books.  I won't eat Mexican anywhere else!!  This place is a hidden gem!
5	Great service have no complaints what so ever, the food is well made and great deal if u get the vegas book that has two for one
2	This is your standard Mexican restaurant serving a standard American audience. It is extremely cheap given it is in an off the strip casino.There really isn't any reason to eat here unless you are at the Tuscany and do not want to travel anywhere else for food.
4	Their bean dip is not to be missed, and it's free with your meal!  I had to resist the urge to ask for a second portion with my chips and salsa.  So, so, so delicious.  I had their chicken tortilla soup which was delicious, filling, and came quickly.  The service at this spot is great too.  The people were friendly and were really nice when I accidentally spilled my water all over the floor.  Whoops!
4	This restaurant has great authentic Mexican food and super star service. I would recommend this place for lunch and dinner.
1	Not at pleasant experience at all. If I wanted a rude waiter I'd go to Dick's! He could've at least gave me a hat!
4	As a mexican myself, I can say this is very good americanized mexican food.The waitress was very kind and prompt with everything.  The margaritas were great, not too strong but not weak either.  The chips, salsa, and beans are GOOD!My gf had the fajitas and it's definitely a portion that can be shared by two.  I had the seafood stuffed chile rellno and was actually very pleased.The atmosphere is laid back and feels like a true cantina.  To everyone with the negative comments below, not sure what they were expecting for an off-strip casino lol.Very pleased and will be going back!
5	This is mine & my husband's go to spot when we're in Vegas.  The menudo Is magic lol and we also usually get a shrimp cocktail as well. Very fresh food with good flavor an friendly staff
3	I'm from Cali, this ish was alright but at least they had good service. Enchiladas weren't bad just wasn't feeling the beans and rice. They're chips and sauces are delicious.
1	On 12/30/2014 I went to grab a bite at the Cantina at around 4 pm. Imagine my surprise when I saw that it was happy hour! Since it was happy hour, I decided to go with the flautas since they would only be $5. They were decent, but I don't care if they were phenomenal...when I went to pay, the rude girl Stephanie at the cash register refused to honor the happy hour price. Stephanie is a dick, as are several of the other workers there that I've had the displeasure of coming into contact with, and they all deserve to have their stank asses fired.
