4	New pizza place on East Johnson is a HIT!  The pizza is done very well, and the crust is one of few that I actually finish!  The mini calzones are a perfect snack, as they are small and inexpensive... just remember to ask for a side of marinara with it.  This is wonderful pizza that not many know about in Madison yet.  The only thing that's sad, is the hours: open after 5pm...  no lunch pizza...
5	We've been looking for a classic pizza replacement since La Rocca's moved to Oregon. This is it. Perfect proportion of crust to cheese to sauce. Oodles of concentric pepperoni circles. But it was the parmesan crust that brought a solid 4-star pizza up to 5-stars.
5	I have become a pretty huge fan of this place.  Like the other reviewer, I've been saddened by La Rocca's moving.  However, this place is a very nice replacement (different, but it still fits the "good, honest pizza".  I've also had the mini calzones (quite tasty) and a solid Italian beef sandwich.  They're pricing is actually good too, which is something that's nice to see with Madison's current trend (I love Stalzys a lot, but sometimes I don't want to pay $8-9 for a sandwich).  Being located four blocks from my house is also a big plus.
5	I have to say that I'm not the biggest fan of thin crust... Usually when I get thin crust, I want it REALLY thin, more along the lines of flatbread, the way I've seen it made at Greenbush (my other favorite pizza joint in town). When I hear my NY friends talk about the huge flat greasy slices they love, I just can't imagine a good one (personally I've never had a great slice in NYC). So when I opened the HUGE box from Madtown (we ordered a 20", which is a great deal) I was a bit apprehensive, thinking maybe this was a quantity over quality type of place... But it was amazing. We ordered the Maddelicious, which is one of the best supreme-style pizzas I've ever had. The crust makes or breaks a slice for me, and the crust is near perfect here. The sauce has just enough spice. The sausage is likely the best in town (I think I read n the Isthmus that the owner's brother makes it)... I can't wait to try the other stuff on the menu, especially if the portions are as generous... I will be dreaming about a giant pile of real homemade spaghetti until then... If the pizza is any indication, it will be miles above the best version I can make at home.
5	Best pizza in town!
5	I love this joint. The pizza is very cheesy, thin, and good. But the best part is definitely the friendliness and warmth of the staff. I just wish they had vegetarian pasta!
3	I live in the neighborhood and drive by this place all the time so I finally decided to order it delivery on a rainy night.  It came pretty fast and took the amount of time he predicted which was nice.  Now to review the pizza:I read the other reviews and decided I better try the italian sausage so I got a sausage, pepperoni, and mushroom pizza.  I liked the crust and sauce and the pepperonis and mushrooms were just fine.  However, I was not in love with the sausage as I thought I would be.  It was good but just tasted a bit different to me.  I also was not into the sprinkled parmesan cheese every all over the pizza.  It was hard to distinguish the flavors.  Overall I am glad I tried it but not sure if I would get it again.  It was just pretty standard in my opinion.  I am big fan of Cafe La Belitallia pizza on Sherman Ave so I would probably go back to ordering them delivery.
5	I love this place.  I live two blocks away so the convenience can't be beat.We always order it for take out, so I can not attest to the quality of the dine-in service.  However, the woman who answers the phone is always so happy and upbeat that she might want to lay off the uppers.  I kid.  She is very sweet.  But I've never met someone so happy to be at their job.This is truly a family business.  Daughter answering the phone/serving.  Dad is the chef.  Grandpa heckling customers in a friendly manner from the counter while you wait.  The service/family business environment would be enough to make you want to give them your business but the pizza is what sends it over the top.I have only had the pizza, so I cannot attest to the quality of the other menu items.  However, I love the crust.  I would marry the crust if I could.  Fairly thin.  A little bit of crunch.  Yum!  The sauce, as other reviewers have stated, is excellent as well.  The sausage is to die for.  Tonight, I had the hot Hawaiian.  A perfect ten.  Granted, there are those of you that hate on the pineapple on pizza thing, but pineapple/Canadian bacon is my favorite.  Add jalapenos and the Madtown crust and I'm one happy camper.Between the family charm and the excellent product, this place can definitely compete in a college town over-saturated with pizza joints.  Give it a whirl.  You won't be disappointed.
5	After a strenuous session of watching sand volleyball (it's a tough job but someone needs to do it), I and my favorite volleyball player decided to hit up Madtown Pizza.  We are glad we did.  The restaurant is set up with the kitchen, some stools by the window and a small seating area on the left.  With an appetite brought on by exercise (her) and a few beers while sitting (me), we decided to go with the Maddelicious-topped with pepperoni, homemade italian sausage, mushrooms, onions and green peppers.  They could have just abbreviated the ingredients by using one word-Deliciousness.  Not only were the toppings great (especially the sausage) but I think the real standout is the crust.  Having grown up eating some of the best thin crust pizza in Milwaukee, I dare say that Madtown is right up there with them.  Thin with just enough of a chew.  Needless to say, most of the pizza was devoured within minutes.  Yes, I will always have a special place in my heart for Falbo's stuffed crust pizza but when I am hankering for something different, you will definitely find me at Madtown.
5	Hands down the best pizza I've eaten. The calzones are off the charts. Prices are great. People are warm and friendly.
4	I have apparently given up caring about my waistline...Truth be told, I've been super busy, a little lazy, and a little burned-out on eating healthy/exercising regularly. So, when I found myself still running around town at 8:30pm, starving, and with a few more errands to tend to, I decided to continue my poor eating streak and called Madtown Pizza.An unbelievably friendly person answered the phone, took my order, gave me the total, and said the pie would be ready in about 20 minutes. Upon my arrival at 8:45, I was told the pizza was "almost done"; I paid for it and browsed a copy of the Isthmus as I waited for my dinner to finish cooking. Within a few minutes, I was leaving the quaint (yet surprisingly spacious) establishment, steaming-hot pizza in hand. I left the pizza in the car as I finished my two remaining errands, then raced home to scarf down my bounty.I opened the box and was shocked to find the pizza was still extremely hot. The cheese had somewhat melted over the cuts; I grabbed my own pizza cutter and cleaned-up the cuts a bit.First impression? A healthy amount of cheese - much more than I was expecting. Fairly generous toppings; I ordered the "Spicy Hawaiian," which features Canadian bacon, pineapple, thin sliced yellow onions, and jalapenos. The ham was very thin cut and plentiful. The pineapple reminded me of the "baby pineapple chunks" that you often found in your school lunches. Nice and sweet; they offset the jalapeno nicely. The onions were cut razor thin and were cooked to a perfect translucent doneness. The jalapenos were numerous, but surprisingly not overly spicy. The sauce had a strong hint of oregano, and was nice and acidic - not overly sweet, like you'll find on some other local pizzas. The sauce was applied fairly liberally. The crust was a mixed bag. I wouldn't really call this a thin crust pizza - if you're looking for "cracker thin" crust, this will be a bit too thick. I'd say it measures about 3/8" at the thickest, and it was *perfectly* crispy on the outer edges. The center of the pie was a little floppy; the crust couldn't quite hold-up to the copious amounts of cheese, and it flopped as I picked it up. Disclaimer: the crust got better as the pizza cooled. It may have steamed itself as I drove around a bit.All-in-all, this was a really good pizza, and a bargain at $20 flat (with tax). I'd order from them again in a heartbeat. Although I *swear* I'm going to get back on the healthy lifestyle bandwagon "tomorrow"! ;-)Good work, Madtown Pizza!
1	I didn't try the pizza, so this review is for the sandwiches and service (and ice cream).The service was...odd. Not sure what else to say. We seemed to be bothering him by being there.The sandwich was disgusting. The slimy, mushy, supposed-to-be-turkey was probably one of the nastiest things I've ever eaten.Thought I'd follow it up with an ice cream cone, since how can you go wrong with Chocolate Shoppe ice cream? Well, if you've been to their stores, you know how enormous a single scoop cone is. A single scoop at this place? Um....where's the friggin ice cream? Seriously, it wasn't even a fourth of the portion you get when you go to a Chocolate Shoppe store. Boo!Not even going to try their pizza because of this experience.
5	Excellent service and food. The pizza is top-notch and sandwiches are amazing. I usually get delivery, which is always faster than the 45 minutes stated. Nice cozy atmosphere when stopping in for a single pizza. My go-to place for pizza or Italian sandwiches in town.
5	I love this place.  It is a block from my apartment, so I might be a bit biased...but seriously.  It's really good pizza, a thin(ish) crust with delicious sauce and plenty of cheese.  I usually just get pepperoni, so I can't really comment much on the toppings.  The old man who makes the pizzas always heckles me when I come in and the lady at the register (who answers the phone usually) is so intensely perky that I was put off at first, thinking it was not genuine, but nope...that's just how she is!  A nice small business that makes delicious food, everyone go there.
2	We had the Meatlover and Pesto Chicken pizzas delivered.  Maybe it's better fresh from the restaurant, but I didn't think it was anything amazing.  Still toasty warm when we got it, fast delivery, and I did like how thin the crust was, but the pizza itself was mediocre.
4	Expensive but very good and surprisingly filling for such a thin crust. Will definitely be back.
3	I recently tried the Maddelicious Pizza (sliced pepperoni, Greenbush family recipe Italian Sausage, fresh mushroom, chopped onions & green peppers) during a comparative tasting of pizzas from the Near East side of Madison. (Yes, it was the 2014 #YelpPizzaBracket competition in case you were wondering).  While the Maddelicious did not win the competition, this is still a respectable carryout pizza.Things I liked:* Take a look at my picture of the pizza and you'll notice the cheese and toppings extend right to the edge of the pizza unlike many of the chain pizzerias that have a topping-less "no man zone" an inch (or more) around the perimeter.* Ingredient quality was above average.  The quality of the vegetable toppings was excellent for the season.  While I prefer Italian Sausage with a little more zip, its mild taste complemented the other toppings.   * Two thumbs up on the quality of the crust along the edges of the pizza.  Baked to a light brown hue, it offered wonderful texture and serious flavor.   It is head and shoulders better than anything offered by the pizza chains.Things I didn't:* This is not a surprise given the abundant quantity of the meat toppings, but the grease quotient of this pizza was unacceptably high.* Related to the previous point, the pizza suffered from an extremely soggy crust in the middle of the pie.* The pizza really needed more sauce, given the massive load of toppings.While this pizza is not in the same league as East side powerhouse Grampa's Pizza, it is far above the chain variety pizzas.  So if you are looking for a solid carryout or delivery option on the near east side chuck the phone number for Pizza Hut or Dominos and give Madtown Pizza a call.
2	Sorry to do this, Madtown Pizza, but the last few pies have been less than great. I'm sure many folks enjoy the copious amounts of toppings, but I'm afraid the crust isn't one of those that cope well with the massive quantity of sauce, meat, and cheese. And as others have noted, the toppings are quite greasy. This may sit well with the late night, inebriated crowd, but... you're not open beyond 9pm, and my stomach (and waistline) could do without the greasy sheen.It's hard to write this update because I do enjoy the staff and I want to see a local joint succeed. Unfortunately, the results are what they are. Ease-up a bit on the toppings, firm up the crusts, and cut back on the oiliness and we'll be good. 2-stars is a bit low; I'd like to go 2.5 to 2.75, but I can't go with 3, especially based on the last pie from late April of 2014.
4	This place is your go-to if you're looking for a standard, good quality Italian sandwich. My favorite here is the good ol' meatball sub. The sub comes with three enormous homemade juicy meatballs and a substantial helping of marinara. Bread is buttered and toasted, couldn't ask for any more for just $6!!! The pasta is quite decent as well. The pizza is good quality as well, but runs on the pricier side, so if you're looking for a bang-for-your-buck type of thing, go for sandwiches and pasta. I do wish they were open more often, their operating window means no lunch and no late night, which is a mild disappointment considering how good the food is.
2	I ordered a few pies for a party I was having and they were a hit!  Being from New York, I'm pretty picky about pizza, and I thought it was great. Since then, every time I have been craving a slice, I walk on over, but it has been CLOSED. I am so confused...is this place ever open? The Spot down the street has made quite a bit of money off of me due to it being my second option whenever I try to get pizza and find that Madtown is closed.
