3	This is the only place in town where I can go get my nails and eyebrows done. I have tried other places and they did a horrible job! The only bad thing about it is that it gets very busy with waits up to an hour. They always do an amazing job with my nails. They have magazines and a tv for entertainment. They have full service from acrylics, waxes, to haircuts.
1	i used to love this place ! i would always go alone never with my kids and today i happen to take my kids with me and the owner treated me like shit!! my son got up to ask if he can use the rest room and she said on the left and keep it clean this time i told her they never been here before she said yes i recognized  them ! my kids have never have step foot in this place ever just this time i went ! i would never go back to them there all rude no class no respect for no one ! and most of the people who work there have no licence to work in a nail salon !! i don't not recommend this place to no one!
5	So this place doesnt have many reviews so ill jump right in and give mine....the best nail tech in this place is Kris. Yes its busy but its usually only about 15 minutes....and seriously target is r I ght next door. ..she is well worth waiting for. I've been to many nail places in town and I will drive across town just to come see her. She definitely knows her nail stuff. And my five stars are specifically for her.
1	Like one of the other customers said on her review the customer service here is terrible. Unlike the workers of this place I will remain a lady and not cuss even though this place deserves to have that kind of foul language used to describe this salons horrible customer service.I went on Valentine's day 2/14/2014. Sat for over and hour only to be told I would not be worked on because I wanted pink powder used with my white tips. I explained that I had the original set done elsewhere and I had had a fill done there with pink powder before with no problem. Didn't matter she told me to leave and have a Happy Valentine's day. Bottom line, want to be treated with respect, go elsewhere.
4	Lots of different people but I love Kerry. She does amazing 3D and they stay on. She is very creative!
1	If I could give this place NO stars, I would! The polishes are super cheap (I ended up repainting when I got home), waited and stood in the entrance while a rude worker directed where clients went and offered no open seating to the others standing in the front of the shop, nor cared.  ICE COLD water for manicure bowl, no base coat, high upsells on basic polish designs and asked for an additional $1 for using my debit card AFTER it was swiped and signed for (which mean lady in front of shop SHOUTED from her CHAIR to my Nail Tech, who was VERY nice... in the BACK of the salon). Hair and Nail Zone is Hair and Nail Drones... as the staff looked so unhappy to be there and I was, too! I'll NEVER BE BACK and I wish Tabitha Coffey could visit this place and turn them into a professional and organized business!
1	UNPROFESSIONAL!! I came here for the first time with a nail tech named Raymond, he was nice enough and very gentle.  The full set he did I  me was u even and he went a little overboard on the filing. (My tips were very narrow at the bottom). I went back for my fill today , the lady was so unprofessional. The whole time she was bad mouthing Raymond and other employees. Her husband Tony is very rude and curses constantly. He even called one of the women getting a pedicure a "nail whore/slut" due to her preferring another tech.  As his wife was doing my fill she cut me right above the cuticle , then apologized.  As soon as she was going to start to file down my nails she said "hey what's that u had that cut already right? I didn't do that" as she wiped away my blood. She didn't even finish , halfway through she had Tony come in and do my color I showed him a picture of nails that were hombre glitter. He put one coat of glitter and said there its done Wtf? Needless to say my nails were completely uneven , I left bleeding and very confused as to how they are still open. I would highly recommend u stay away from the worst nail place In Vegas!!!
1	NEVER GO HERE!! I started going here the first time I went it was very pleasant, this second and last time i went was a total disappointment, the so called "owner" is very rude, inappropriate and very unprofessional!! The person who did my nails was hrs worst ever!! She would push my hands very aggressively and made me bleed!! They're unappreciative and say very bad things about the costumers!! I find it extremely unprofessional to act this way even your an owner, I feel like she needs to learn what the meaning of costumer service is! Don't waste your time going herd because the wait is usually about one hour and the service is the worst!! I completely discourage anyone from going here because you won't be treated with respect!!
