5	When I was a little kid, we lived a stone's throw from The Boulders. So, when I visit family and friends in the area, I always make an appointment at the Golden Door Spa for a pedicure and/or massage. They offer many other spa services, including some very different Native American treatments, and the Sonoran desert setting is simply amazing.  One and only caution: priceySo, if you are in the Phoenix area, DO make a point to drive north to Carefree and check out The Boulders.  It is an absolutely beautiful resort and the town is gorgeous. Honestly, when I am there, I feel like I am on another planet......I am just awestruck by how different and beautiful the desert is in those foothills. And well, there's just something about going back to the places you grew up that makes you feel all safe and cozy.  That's what the Portsmouth/Kittery bridge does to me every time I cross it, and that's what The Boulders Golden Door Spa did for me this past week.
5	ever watch mtv and see the people going to some redik spa that has everything you could possibly want?yeah, that's the boulders.....words can't describe how amazing this place is on the whole. it's out in the middle of nowhere and there are dirt trails leading everywhere. your room is this amazingly choice hacienda along the path (close to everything) which is great. they have a couple of pools, but what you need to come for is the spa.we're talking saunas, steam rooms, smoothies, a decent gym, robes, you name it. fountains everywhere, amazing deco on the inside. just unreal. very expensive. but very worth it.
5	Just returned home from 4 days of bliss, pampering, and respite at The Boulders. Had read quite a few reviews from others with some negative comments (most about service and attitudes, a few about prices and scorpions in the room). I dunno what those negatives were about, but lemme tell you, our stay was a GRAND TIME. Perhaps it was so grand because of the company I had (wink, wink), but the service was stellar, polite and they ended every call with "Is there anything else I can help you with"... Yes, room service is expensive, but isn't it everywhere? I can say, the food was decent and always arrived within 30 minutes.The spa was expensive too, but aren't they always? If it's too expensive, don't use it! That simple...We stayed in a freestanding "Sonoran Casita"- large enough for the two of us and the WOODburning fireplace was AWESOME, as was the totally PRIVATE back porch. Yes, we were naked out there reading the newspaper every morning! I can't wait to return...
4	Stayed here in the summer for next to nothing.  Other reviews say it all, large room, fireplace, large private decks.  The Golden Door Spa is excellent (5 star), get room near spa is my recommendation as you will end up heading there most of the time and not to the main pool (with kids) at the main lobby area.  Saw a freaking herd of those Javalina Hogs when I was there, kind of freaked me out but they seemed peaceful enough if you didn't bother them.  Now some of the things to watch for.  The rooms could use updating and also not all rooms are alike so check with people who have been there as to where they were and what they liked about the room that they were in.  I will post my favorites later.  Also know that it is quite away out of town so that if you are doing business in Phoenix you will be communiting quite a distance.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Suggested rooms:277, 275-near spa 2nd floor.365-far from spa but nice view.201-central location and nice view of Golf course.  Saw the Javalina's near here.
5	The hubby and I stayed here on our wedding night. We didn't arrive until midnight or so (we partied late :)) and the service was still impeccable. After our car was valeted and we were golf-carted down to our casita, we were left to enjoy our night of solitude. The room itself was beautiful; king sized bed, fireplace, patio overlooking the golf course, vanity, ipod dock, jetted tub, separate shower, and plush robes and slippers. We ordered room service probably close to 1 am and it arrived promptly. The boy ordered the veggie wrap (he said it was delish) and I ordered the tossed greens salad with balsamic. For $13 the salad was a total miss. Just a few mediocre lettuce leaves, tomatoes, onions, and cucumbers thrown on a plate. I was hungry though, so it worked.The next morning we slept in as late as we could. I woke up with the worst heartburn (thanks, balsamic!) so I called the front desk for some Tums. No problem, they arrived pronto. We packed up and called for a ride, and although they said they were busy, they arrived shortly after. I would love to come back here and stay a little longer. The service was great, the place was beautiful, and for the one night we were there it was damn perfect.
4	As far as spas in Arizona...this one is fabulous. Not just because of their amazing treatments but b/c it is so indigenous to the Southwestern culture. The landscape is just amazingly breathtaking. You will feel relaxed, pampered and serene.
5	This place is like the happiest place on earth for me and Sandee.I luv coming here.  So does Oprah so it has to be good, right?Even the smallest casita is 550 sq. feet.It has a great bed, a fabulous bathroom and an equally fabulousliving area with a fireplace.If i could afford to, i'd be here every weekend.The only time i can afford it is off season.Once i stayed here and it was so hot we had to wait to go walking until well after 9 p.m.  the grounds are gorgeous and perfect for a midnite stroll through the property.  But if you wanna make sherri happy, take her here :):)
2	Just came back from a weekend in Carefree & I can't seem to figure out if I like this place or not. I think that if you like to golf and a very mellow place to stay you will enjoy your stay. Everyone here is as friendly as can be and really will go out of their way to make you stay worthwhile. The problem is this place is not very good - it's an older property and just not up to standard. The room is "ok" and big enough but here is the problem we encountered on our trip - birds. Apparently every bird in the area was out and about for the weekend and really pecking on the roof of our casita...starting and 4am all the way to 8am on & off. It's an odd thing to happen when you are staying at a hotel but my god - it was very annoying. The TV was your old school tube & didn't work very well. Feels like the room was put together in the early 90's and never has been updated. Lastly, there was a cockroach in our tub. :)
5	After visiting family in Scottsdale last weekend, hubby and I spent 3 wonderful days at the Boulders Resort in Carefree. We arrived a little tired and stressed; we left tan, relaxed, and rejuvenated.The resort sprawls beneath the boulder formations, but you can walk all over on the paths that are well marked. Our room was spacious and clean, with his and hers sinks in the bathroom, shower, tub, king sized bed, and walk-in closet. We were located near the main lodge, and a brisk walk from El Pedregal and the Golden Door Spa. We made great use of the wonderful fitness center and took a few classes as well- yoga, bosu, and water fitness.We tried both pools during our stay, the spa pool and the main pool. We preferred the tranquility of the spa pool; food and drinks at both locations were exceptional. If you meet Madonna at either pool, ask her to make the "Madonna Special" for you. A very refreshing smoothie.During our stay we ate dinner twice at the Spotted Donkey Cantina at El Pedregal- fabulous margaritas shrimp tacos. Our last night we dined at Rusty's Chop House at the golf club. It was a lovely meal on the terrace with a view of the golf course. Every person we ran into was exceptionally friendly and genuine, making the trip even more enjoyable. I hope we return someday!
5	A sweet breath of fresh, uncomplicated air.Where do I start?? We spent four blissful days here this month to celebrate our 5 year wedding anniversary. On a side note, how hard is it to find cards that celebrate 5 years you ask...VERY HARD. Doesn't anyone celebrate 5 years?? It's a REALLY long time!!Back to the topic. This place is a natural kind of posh. Don't come here expecting extremely luxury manicured surroundings with color coordinated Disneyland-style plantings, the newest electronics or interior design, or pretentiously snooty staff. Everyone that worked here was genuinely NICE and made our experience very enjoyable.We were upgraded quite sweetly by one of the front desk ladies into our own little freestanding casita. It had rustic charm, again don't expect that your room will be trendy and brand new. The Boulders takes the natural beauty around you and makes sure that their rooms, their pools, their golf courses, everything reflects that same natural kind of feel. The result is a relaxing feeling that you are staying at someone's 1000 acre home.The casita reminded me of our times in Mexico, but way nicer. The hugely plush bed was amazing... I slept like a baby on it each and every night. We didn't even notice there was a TV in the room as we spent most of our time enjoying the outdoors, having spa time, or reading by the pool.The resort is huge, it is over 1000 acres and that means that even if it's 500+ casita rooms are filled to capacity, chances are you will hardly run into anyone, LOVED IT. There are three pools, but we spent most of our time at the Golden Door Spa pool which is child-free, silence is bliss ya'll. They also only serve organic and healthy meals, smoothies and wine there and pipe soothing spa music into the pool area. LOVED IT. They even put out your choice of sunscreens for skin protection.Huge gym with lots of classes, you can go hiking and biking here with guided tours as well, my crazy husband got up early every morning to go running around the trails. Did I mention he got lost for an hour and I envisioned wild bunnies eating his eyes? Yes please take your cell phone next time. You WILL see lots of wildlife here. We saw a ton of rabbits, birds, geckos and lizards. I heard one guest saw a bobcat. We walked most of the times to the Spa and the Lodge, but the beauty of it is that there is always a smiling attendant to give you a quick golf cart ride to your room if you need it, again this place is simply huge.We tried food at the Spa cafe (all organic and healthy with calories on the menu), it was extremely good. My husband loved their organic wines, expensive to the tune of $15 each. That is platinum pool service, peeps. We also ate at the Lodge for breakfast, great service, southwestern ambiance and tasty vittles.The little details are what made this place only a five star experience for us. I made sure to save the hand-written Happy Anniversary card from the manager that we found hanging on our door one afternoon upon returning to our casita.Honestly, I can only think of one thing that could be improved...the shower head desperately needs to be upgraded. $15 at the local OSH would make this a much better bathing experience.Only negative in a place like this is sometimes the GUESTS that frequent it. Upon our check-in, which can take some time as there are only two attendants working...one extremely rude guest kept muttering loud enough for everyone to hear about how this should be going faster, he had places to be, this was ridiculous, he wouldn't stand for it, etc etc. It made everyone very uncomfortable, even his blushing wife. The best part was when we got to the pool about an hour later to see him lounging there drinking a tall one. Yep, places to be. We saw one or two other instances of this while visiting as well. Note to other guests...people come to this slice of desert perfection to RELAX...don't be a pretentious buzz-kill.
3	My boyfriend said he would give The Boulders 5 stars, I thought it was more like 3 and since I'm writing the review, it's getting 3. Upon checking in, I was told that we would be given a room with two double beds. Say what?? I specifically requested a king sized bed - it was supposed to be a "romantic" getaway after all. I wanted it to be romantic, but a double bed is a bit too cozy for me. Well, that was all they had because they were overbooked, but we would be given an upgraded casita. Hmm that's odd considering I rarely saw other guests during our stay.The rooms were nice - I don't think it was 5-star nice, but it was fine. Our upgraded casita was really spacious, it looked kind of like a log cabin on the inside. The bathroom was huge which I loved and I was especially envious of the walk in closet. The TV was kind of small (and old) and it was hard to see from bed because it was on the waaaay opposite side of the sitting area. I know, you're not here to watch TV, but really, it wouldn't kill them to get some flat screens. My boyfriend would also like me to mention that their complimentary "high speed internet" is super slow.The other majorly annoying thing is that the property is huge. Basically you need to call the bell desk and have a golf cart come pick you up whenever you want to go anywhere or even if you just want to get the car from the valet. In order to go to the tennis courts we had to take a golf cart AND a mini bus. Thank goodness the gratuities are included in the $30 resort fee.Speaking of tennis courts, the best part of my stay was the tennis center. I specifically chose The Boulders because I wanted to take a tennis lesson while I was on vacation. They have 5 hard courts and 3 clay courts. Clay courts! Not that I know how to play on one, but I can dream. My boyfriend and I took a private lesson with Jheng and she was awesome. We had so much fun and learned a lot. If you live in the area, they also have tennis clinics every morning. I would come back to take another lesson, but I'd probably stay elsewhere. Maybe somewhere closer to shops and restaurants...haha
4	I am biased. I work in a stressful position, odd hours, hard for my money, and rarely get to see my partner. So, we planned a 4 day getaway to The Boulders... So see, it didn't matter that it rained for 3/4 of our stay, or the fact that we had a little leak in our room, or the fact that 3/4 of our meals were expensive ass room service. This is OUR getaway place- not only is it beautiful, but we feel pampered here. Some other guest was complaining that the service has gone downhill, as evidenced by the fact that the plastic bags they provide you to put your dirty laundry in don't bear the name of the resort any longer. Well, hippity dippity do. I am deducting one star because they NO LONGER allow you to have a fire in your casita. Some BS line about Fire Marshall Bill axing the right. Oh ,and one-ply toilet paper, that IS chintzy.In any case, it was a great time. Review for the spa to follow.
4	When  floated out of my spa treatment, healthy delicious lunch and a decent workout I really felt like I was in heaven on earth. I forgort how amazing the landscape is here.  Pampered treatment, nice robes and accompanying friendly staff blows most spas away.  The amazing locker rooms are so big, and full of relaxing things to do, that you can get lost in them. In addition to my treatment I got full access to the pool, healthy gourmet restaurant, and decently equipped gym.  I even went rock climbing up the actual boulders. Even though I was only there for about 3 hours I feel like it reversed any stress I have had in the past 3 years.  Looses one star for price - but it is worth it
1	I have traveled far and wide, visited third world countries, stayed in 5 star to no star hotels and this place still leaves a sting...I had an expensive piece of clothing stolen from my room.  Yes its a beautiful spot but I have been to other beautiful spots in the world and knowing that the employees are tempted to steal from the guests left a bad taste in my mouth.  The Housekeeping Manager sent me a robe in exchange for my French linen dress that was taken from me.  I think it comes down to hotels training their staff and making sure they know that there will be consequences for their bad actions.  Wondering if anyone out there experience similar transgression...
5	One of the best massages I've had!! Ask for Keith... alot of the other women are a bit soft on the pressure. After the massage you sit up and look out at the Boulders.....so healing!! the spa itself is great too and not at all crowded.
4	The service is great.  What's not to like about staying here.  The rooms are a classic.  They could use some updating, but the grounds are what you really come here for and the great service.  We  come back in the summer for the summer deals and have done a staycation here.  Best staycation ever.  We have seen so much wildlife and you really feel like you get away.  If you are looking for a restful time then this is it.  Come for the summer deals they are great.
4	One of the greatest secrets of Arizona!I surprised my wife by getting a casita for the weekend of her birthday. The staff were very helpful in making sure everything was set up just right and that we had a great stay.The casitas are great for a romantic getaway on a budget. the whole property is so relaxing.
5	Perfection!
5	STILL loving this resort almost 2 years later.Just got back from a short trip for a little R&R with my better half. We were put in a remodeled casita... mental note to anyone reading this, ask for a remodeled casita! The one we were in 1.5 years ago was definitely nitce but a little rustic. These remodeled ones are seriously posh and quite modern.AND in my previous review I was dinging them on their old ghetto shower heads. Well, the new shower heads are those gigantic rainforest things with 5000 little water holes where you just want to stay under it forever.The bathroom floors are heated marble. Talk about decadent.Staff was still amazingly friendly with every whim taken care of. Their lodge restaurant also serves up a crazily tasty breakfast--we didn't even bother to venture out any morning because we were so impressed with the servings locally. Except the coffee--nothing to write home about.Beware the red cardinal bird at the lodge restaurant which will try to make off with your dental work. Literally--some poor guy's tooth was flown away with.We'll be back...hopefully sooner rather than later. Love you, Boulders!! Don't ever change (well except for the remodeling).PS did I mention that we conceived our little boy here? Good place to go for SERIOUS relaxation!!
4	This was 4.5 for me. The setting is gorgeous, the the accommodations spacious and quiet. The resort staff, including concierge and bellmen were polite, professional and helpful. I loved my day at the Golden Door spa. Brandi was a delightful aesthetician and the the "tranquilty facial" was perfect. I also really enjoyed the tranquility massage (with Andy? It was a male therapist) and the beautiful pool and spa.The cons: Service at the Palo Verde (lodge) restaurant was worse than the (awful) fish tacos I ordered, and my food was constantly in danger of being stolen by birds. I should have let them take it! The service at the spa was inconsistent: my mother was with me, and her massage and facial were nothing like mine! She said she would have given them 2/5 stars. Everything she described in the facial was different - not just the products used, but all the techniques, equipment, etc. Very strange.Our casita was spacious and comfortable, with a fantastic view and cozy, comfy bed - but it was dated. Old tube television with bad reception and a tired looking shower.That said - I can't wait to go back!
4	Loved it!  Three snaps up!  Okay, that was circa Living Color but you know what I'm saying!  My girlfriend and I were there for a girls weekend!  She travels extensively throughout the country for work, while my travels are limited to the midwest!  Both of us enjoy traveling and thought this would be a great getaway, and we received an awesome price from expedia of about $150 per night for a wonderful cabin, plus a $30 daily resort fee.All gratuities for bellman and concierge are covered with the resort fee. And they were willing to drive you to your room on those chilly nights.  It was definitely good to go during the off-season.  What did we do:We took Zumba and yogo classes at the spa!  (Complimentary)!  The instructors were great!  We enjoyed the sauna, steam room and japanese tub.  (The whirlpool is outside with the pool).  The robes were awesome, the staff was friendly, and the atmosphere was relaxing.  We were so relaxed we didn't even need the massage!We also signed up for hiking ($45) plus gratuity which was about an hour long thru the Boulders behind the resort.  The tour guide was knowledgeable about local history, animals, geography, etc.  The hike was a wonderful day to get the day started.  They also offered rock climbing ( 2 1/2 hours) as well.  You could get take a mountain bike tour at evening or just rent one and go at your own pace.  Plus, the golfing and the pools!  There is something for everyone!We ate breakfast at the casual restaurant - It was 52.30 for breakfast plus gratuity ($60 bucks).  2 coffies, one orange juice, one burrito and one omelette.  The food wasn't any tastier for $60 bucks than the $20 we spent at the Peledrago which had lower prices, and the same menu (also owned by the resort).Latilla's was expensive, and except for the fact we were exhausted we would have ate elsewhere but didn't feel like walking.  I ordered the crabcakes - let's just say they left a lot to be desired.  I also ordered the stuff chicken with cheese and bacon, and it was not edible...My friend had the hibiscous soup which was okay, and the bistro steak which I think was the only thing finished at our table.  The bill came to 76.27 plus gratuity.The meal at the spa came right from the organic garden outside.  I had a greek or mediterrean salad and salman cakes.  I'd definitely do salman cakes again but not crab cakes from here!  My friend had asian noodles and it was good as well.  Everything was fresh!Our room was more than ample with a fireplace - although we had a note that it wasn't environmental friendly so we couldn't use it.  Loved the deep tub, balcony and the great view from anywhere in the resort!The concierge was knowledgeable and friendly!We did find a subway and a chinese restaurant plus a grocery store and walgreens so we can get some regular priced items! Definitely plan to partake of the amenities hear or get a rental car!
3	I must say, I have NOT stayed at this resort or visited the spa. This review is solely based on a quick lunch at the bistro that was a last-minute decision to try something new while en route to Cave Creek on a Friday afternoon. I'm guessing, by the beautiful grounds and abundance of uniformed staff, that an overnight stay in and of itself would far surpass most others in the area. However, again, let's talk rye.....ham and swiss on rye, that is. It was a good sandwich. It was not an amazing sandwich, but I was happy with the choice for lunch. Another in our group ordered a small salad and sweet potato fries that she said were equally tasty. The third in our group ordered the nachos as his meal. The SIZE of the portion mimicked the BOULDERS themselves! Yowza, that was a lotta nacha :)Overall, the quality of the food was fine. However, when you arrive as the very tail end of the lunch crowd and there is only one other table needing attention, it should never take 15 minutes to wait for a refill on a soda...especially when you can see both the server and the bartender outside talking with the pro shop guy. Just a bit of a fall from grace, there, guys :(
5	Sure, it's not far away from home, but once you enter The Boulders' incredible property, you feel like you've been transported to another world!  Our one-night staycation at this renowned resort exceeded my expectations.We lucked out and stayed in one of the renovated casitas.  It had plenty of room all around; what a perfect layout!  (An extremely comfortable king bed, a desk, a sitting room, a fireplace, walk-in closet, flat screen TV, large bathroom and a patio with a gorgeous view).  In addition, they have every amenity one would expect and more.  High end spa products, robes, mini-bar, etc... plus extra special touches such as a flash light on a keychain for wandering the property at night, and a bedside book for your reading pleasure entitled "Life is Good."  Our casita # was 282 in case anyone wants to put in a special request ;)  It's located near the Golden Door Spa which I'll review separately but highly recommend!During the 24 hours we spent at The Boulders, we sat by the main pool, had some lunch, visited the spa, Jared played a bit of golf (I hear the course is pretty spectacular), saw a coyote, worked out in the top notch fitness center and movement studio, had a glorious breakfast at the Spa Cafe, and were blown away by the friendly staff / service all around.  The Boulders truly provides a Zen-like experience, and I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a relaxing get-away in a first class resort.  I will warn you, it's pricey in high season.  Thankfully, we did have a gift card this time... but I can't wait to return and take advantage of their summer rates (which I hear are pretty incredible).  Just like the book that sits bedside in the casita, staying at The Boulders really does remind you that "life is good!"
5	First class all the way. This place is nestled in the Town of Carefree. The staff, the service, the property is outstanding. We live in AZ and felt miles away from home. Very tranquil and laid back. This is a great alternative to Sedona. In fact, we'll visit the Boulders quite a bit more now.
3	We really liked the hotel itself.  Its older but has had face lifts and the rooms and the lodge are really very nice.  A very unique location - out in the desert outside of Phoenix and the boulders and hills around are unlike anyplace you've ever seen.  A great outdoor environment.  Only issues we had were that dining options were extremely limited for a five star resort - a little quirky fancy dining room and the other options were a lot  more low end.  Nothing in between.  And the three pools - really only two of them were options for food and drink service, and they were small and very crowded.  Not a current era desert resort from that perspective.  So if you're a pool lizard this place isn't for you.  Service overall was extremely top notch.  We really really enjoyed our stay but the food and the pools really surprised us for a five star place.  Bring your ipad - Wifi is high quality and they have HDMI jacks on the walls so that you can do Netflix or whatever in the rooms on the HD TV's.  A very cool feature.  The spa was fantastic, one of the best treatments we've had in years, if a little pricey.  Call ahead and book a couples' massage or the Watsu treatment.
4	The place is very nice as one would expect for a top shelf resort.The rooms are very roomy and comfortable.The free WiFi Internet service is very slowThey also need some designated running or walking paths  - most everything is geared to the golfer.The girls serving the pool guests were low key, efficient and very friendly.
5	Scottsdale has several high end resort to choose from for a weekend staycation, but you still feel like you are in Scottsdale and in a hotel. The Boulders on the other hand, you feel like you have traveled far to get the privacy and resort feel that you feel. The best Staycation ever!The casitas were amazing! This was the biggest difference between staying out here and staying somewhere in Scottsdale. There is no one attached to you left, right, up or down. You either have someone above you, or if you have the top casita, then someone below you. The rooms themselves are massive. They include a sitting area, desk, flat screen TV hanging about the fire place, walk-in closet, vanity set, big deep tub that can fit two people, two sinks, nice shower, and of course, the toliet. The outside patio has a table with two chairs and one lounge chair, which was nice to use at night because you can see the stars so clear up there!Yes, we were probably the youngest people there, but who cares?! You're there to relax, not party it up like you are at the W pool. I think the staff is trained to smile and say to everyone. During one of our little ventures out there were three waiters carrying trays that we walked by and all three of them took turns saying 'hi' to us despite the previous gretting 0.25 seconds earlier by their co-worker. Nice touch. We didn't have problems waiting for the golf cart to escort around and loved that they offered that service. There were two pools that we visited. The pool in the Golden Spa is 18+ only (no, its not top optional, just adults only) which was nice. We opted to head down the street for some good old fashioned Italian food at Alberto's instead of checking out the three dining options located on the resort property. I loved this resort and would recommend it to any trying to stay in Phoenix, but get away for the chaos.
5	As owner of a large security firm in Atlanta and a frequent traveler I always make a point to analyze resort security. Nothing scares me more than what I have seen. By in large resort security staff are under paid, over worked and under trained to handle any real emergency situation. This is NOT the case at The Boulders Resort.I requested security staff to my room and was immediately impressed by the appearance of the responding officer. Wearing pleated dress pants, heavy starched dress shirt, dress shoes and cuff links! I was certain that a security manager had responded to the call. After posing several hypothetical scenarios I was again impressed by this individual's knowledge of the security industry and the necessary emergency response. It turns out the responding officer is not a manger just a team member with extensive security knowledge. Security and Safety seem to be highly prized by the Boulders management. Unfortunately, he turned down my offer to move to Atlanta ;(
4	My girlfriend and I chose this place for a staycation and it didn't disappoint. Although only 20-25 mins drive from our home in Scottsdale, its remote location made our stay at the Boulders feel like we were hundreds if not thousands of miles away.The rooms have been upgraded recently, although still not on the same level as those at the Montelucia, they are spacious, with a balcony. Nice bathroom / closet. Log fire. The resort itself is tranquil, picturesque, with plenty of trails for walking around and admiring the scenery.The restaurants on site were excellent: Palo Verde for breakfast, Bogies, The Grill, and the Spotted Donkey for dinner. The food was great, the service superb, and the price tag reasonable.The Spa: We had a couple's massage also and although not up to the standard of the Montelucia again, it was fantastic. The additional benefit was the hot tub we were able to enjoy after the massage, just the two of us in private, for an additional 20 mins at no extra charge. This was a first. However, the $200 price tag for a single 50 minute massage was a little exorbitant, even with the 20% gratuity included.All gratuities were included in the price, no need to tip anyone, even the guys in the carts taking us around the resort. This was nice.The place is pet friendly too. It cost us an extra $100 for our chihuahua but it was worth it.I don't have anything really bad to say save the fact that the gratuity was always a healthy 20%, no room for maneuver up or down. The concierge could have been a little more helpful. And whatever you do, the first morning, don't order breakfast in and plan on being romantic with each other, we had someone knocking at our door every 20-30 mins, 5 times in a row!! Cleaners, breakfast, paper, more logs, jeez!!!These things were minor. I do recommend the Boulders for a nice short getaway, great rooms, food and service and at reasonable prices. Enjoy!
5	Really friendly and a great place to be whenever I visit AZ.
5	Gorgeous resort. Friendly and helpful staff. Beautiful golf courses. Great food. And the Golden Door Spa is world class. I can't recommend it enough.
5	This place is great. Service it top notch. Food is excellent. Rock climbing and hiking with Carey was a highlight - fantastic guide with a wonderful sense of humor. No reason you can't enjoy yourself here if you are looking for a beautiful setting with activities, or if you would just prefer to sit by the pool or visit the spa. Also received a great haircut at the salon. Don't look at the price tag just enjoy.
5	7 of my girlfriends and I spent our collective 50th birthdays here at The Boulders last weekend.  Plain & simple, I didn't want to leave.  The landscape alone is worth the price.  The minute you drive into Carefree, it's like you're in another world, transported back in time 12 million years.  The rocks, the wildlife, the flowering cacti - it truly is a feast for the eyes.  We rented two villas.  Four girls in each villa.  The price wasn't bad considering the beauty of each of our houses.  The ONLY problem that I'd point out is that our villa had a very strong mold smell to it.  Which was odd considering we were smack in the middle of the Sonoran desert.  Logs lined our ceiling, and some had dark black spots on them - so my best guess was that somehow the logs were moldy?  Couldn't figure it out.  But the smell was pungent enough that it sort of hit you upside the head each time you walked through the door.  The villa next to ours - where four of our other friends stayed - was perfect.  No smell at all.  They also had a beautiful patio with jacuzzi and a great grill.  I had multiple services at the Golden Door Spa:  A massage, facial and mani/pedi.  All were great.  Maybe not the best I've ever had, but certainly good. A massage is like pizza, you can't really have a bad one.  My girlfriend said her massage WAS the best she's ever had, though, so it might have just been the difference in masseuses. The people who worked at the spa were fabulous.  Good vibes all around.There are numerous hiking trails nearby and most of the group hiked each morning.  I chose to walk the trails within the resort and take photos of the beauty right in our own backyard.  On an additional note, there are shopping centers close by with an Albertson's, a Wells Fargo bank and a drug store.  So you can grab food, lotions - pretty much anything - without having to pay resort prices for them. We did eat breakfast and dinner each night at the resort, excluding our last night when we cooked for ourselves in the villa.  The Palo Verde restaurant was very good, but some in our group complained that the service was slow (I was so busy talking I didn't even notice).  Room service breakfasts are outrageously priced, but that's expected from a resort of this caliber.  An example:  Egg Whites, an english muffin, roasted potatoes, two fruit plates, a pastry basket and a granola parfait were $102.  That included a gratuity and service charge.Overall, I loved my stay.  I would definitely return and plan on doing so in the future.
5	This property is beautiful and the service is absolutely top notch! I stayed four nights and enjoyed the abundant wildlife, professional staff, yummy food, well-appointed rooms and the generally peaceful vibe. Carefree, AZ, indeed. Do stay here if you are able.
5	So my husband had been traveling on business almost every week for 2 months.  He's finally home, and his company hosts some sort of conference at The Boulders.  He was planning to drive in from Scottsdale each day, but they "forced" him to stay.  So I was also "forced" to stay his last night there.  It was a sacrifice no wife should have to make, but I sucked it up and did so...for him, because I'm that kind of a person.First of all, this is not just your typical resort.  I was greeted at the guard station by a roadrunner.  How cool is that?  On the drive in from the gate, I was amazed at the size of this property.  It is roughly 1300 acres of beautiful desert with a couple golf courses sprinkled in the mix.   Wildlife galore.  You know the phrase "multiplying like rabbits?"  I get it now.  They are everywhere, as are quail.  I'm sure there are also less desirable residents, like the mouse that ran up to me outside the lobby like an old friend, but it's his home, too!The casitas are so charming, and I mean that in a good way.  Nice sitting area with a fireplace, incredibly comfortable beds, and huge bathrooms.  The walk-in closet was larger than my closet at home.  There is a nice little vanity area just off the bathroom for the ladies to sit and apply the makeup they claim to not wear.  Our balcony off the back of the casita was completely private.  You could not even see another casita from there!Since the resort is so large, there are always golf carts available upon request to take you anywhere on grounds or to the neighboring El Pedregal for shopping or dining.  This service is especially beneficial in the summer as many of the casitas are quite far from the lobby or parking.  And speaking of parking, no charge for either self-park or valet.  Complimentary bottled water as well.  And not only is The Boulders pet friendly, they have a pet program with special meals and photo sessions.  Seriously.  If I had a pet, this is where it would want to stay.
5	For a vacation, this is a great get-away spot. We rented a 2-BR villa (which was huge!) and included every modern amenity. The Spa was luxurious and I enjoyed a massage and facial (although the massage was fine, it wasn't special; the facial was very special). The pools are extremely clean, towels and sunscreen are readily available. The hot tub (even in 100-degree heat) was enjoyable and we took a water aerobics class, which was run by a serious professional. It's expensive for sure and we didn't eat in the restaurant. Instead, we had joint dinners with our party (total of 3 villas) and they easily handled 12 people for dinner. The space was great and well laid-out for entertaining. However, for a golf, tennis, hiking and gorgeous mountain-viewing vacation, The Boulders is high on my list.A word about the staff: SUPERIOR! Everyone was welcoming, knowledgeable and reminded us that gratuities were included (when we tried to tip someone). They responded quickly when we called (a water heater died; it was fixed within a couple of hours and a large spider had to be relocated). You can walk the paths to just about everywhere or they will pick you up so having a car isn't necessary if you don't want to sight-see in the 2-hour-away town of Sedona or Jerome (both of which were fun and extremely different). I'd go back (and in fact, am doing just that) for a peaceful and enjoyable vacation in luxury.
4	Superfan! The Boulders is a fantastic retreat in Scottsdale (or Carefree technically). They have houses and small apartments/condos. When I was there we stayed on a nice cul-de-sac for a family get together. The houses are gorgeous and have huge porches. You get state of the art appliances including washers & driers as well as grills and in our case a smoker! So if you're planning a bit of an extended vacation these homes are a great way to save some money by making your own food.Once you're in the place you'll never want to leave. For the price of your room there are a lot of included perks: shuttle service around the property, all the pools, the features at the spa and activities at the spa (like yoga and water aerobics). For an extra fee there's more stuff to do: spa treatments, bikes, guided tours, and sports like golf & tennis (I think the sports are extra, I didn't actually do any, it was vacation after all).It's also a gorgeous place for your wedding plans. If you love the outdoors of Arizona, you should really consider getting married here. There are some beautiful locations and one even has a nice, big waterfall in the background! The food and drinks on the property are a little on the pricey side, but I think that's normal at a resort. I'd just say go to the ABC store (or that MASSIVE Whole Foods) and pick up your drinks and make 'em yourself.
3	Not kid friendly at all.  This may be a plus feature for most but very sad for our family.  We stay at a lot of nice resorts and have a very well behaved child.  I feel like the staff continually gives us dirty looks when we walk around the grounds.  We tried to have a healthy breakfast for her at the restaurant next door to the spa, but they refused us access.  They told us we could eat at Palo Verde which is a formal restaurant and they had snubbed us there the night before when we tried to go in for drinks and dessert with our little one.  The only restaurant they suggest is their spotted donkey restaurant which is off campus so to speak. I find it very ironic that the cafe next to the spa is full of sweaty, smelly people and a well dressed, polite three year is denied access.  We just finished staying at their sister property- the Biltmore and what a difference.  There the staff made us feel welcome everywhere. Shame on the Boukders.   Why don't you put out your no kids signs everywhere so at least we know.  I think today we will take our kid to the main pool an have her do a few cannonballs. :-)  Hopefully this saves families with little ones or at least sets your expectations appropriately.
5	This resort lives up to everything you read and hope it will be. The staff is friendly and excellent, the boulders and desert scenery is amazing, the casita with fireplace is beautiful, the amenities are top notch and I scored major points by bringing my wife here.
5	Amazing resort!  Stayed here for five days over Thanksgiving week this year, and was extremely impressed with every aspect of The Boulders resort.  Will definitely stay here again next time I'm in the Scottsdale, area!Pros: The staff was overwhelmingly accommodating and helpful (they use golf carts/shuttles to transport you to different areas of the resort by request, which was very much appreciated, thanks Bill from Wisconsn!).  The location was absolutely gorgeous and unlike anywhere I've ever been before (beautiful, enormous boulders surrounding the resort grounds, Saguaro cacti all around, golf areas were beautiful, and the various ponds and wildlife). The casita was pristine, had a wood-burning fireplace (which we used a LOT), bed was super comfortable (I hadn't slept that well in months), and the bathroom was also amazing (double sinks, bath tub, glass shower, walk-in closet, etc).The Golden Door spa was very luxurious, and the staff were very nice and professional.  The massage was amazing, as were the various saunas.   The pool at the spa (which is open to all resort guests), was very relaxing.My boyfriend and his parents went golfing at The Boulders and they said that it was exceptional.  More specifically:  the practice area (driving range, short game area, and putting green) was worth visiting on its own; the course itself was extremely well run; and the fairways and greens were in impeccable shape.  Overall, an extremely fun place to golf!
3	I am a world traveller, have experienced a lot in terms of comfort, security, food quality and environment.  I would rate environment 5, service 5, food 3, security 4.Environment is beautiful in all directions indoor and out.  But indoor air is particularly dry for desert climate, no humidifier is available.  Linen feels a bit rough to the skin given the low humidity, could be of better quality for comfort.  The ceiling in the lower floor is very thin, we were easily disturbed by upstairs guest. Food is marginal in quality, a bit funky with ingredients, menu is limited.Spa is very clean and beautiful.  The message was very good, that it has unkinked my body from long travels.Service is appropriate for a Waldorf Astoria brand.There is not a lot to do if you don't golf.  It is not a place to go with children.  We came in Jan., too cold to want to get in the pool!As for being eco conscious for a desert resort it is not, dripping faucet, huge bathtub, wall not insulated, no solar panel for energy saving, and artificial light is required even in day light in the bathroom area.  Eco-friendly would be  -1 for stars.
5	World class resort. Relaxing, incredible service. Everything from great coffee in the room and lobby to the shower in your casita was great. You can make a fire in your room with their wood and enjoy a relaxing spa treatment at their world class spa.I didn't even golf. But it looked incredible!Must stay here once in your life if you're near carefree.
5	Hospitality is defined by a number of things in a resort - facilities, cleanliness, amenities, atmosphere, and service. They're all important but service is the key and the Waldorf Astoria staff consistently exceeded our service expectations throughout our four day stay.  The staff is courteous, professional, prompt, and exceptionally well trained, from the bell staff to front desk to housekeeping to the gentlemen that daily brought us the wonderfully aromatic mesquite or pinion wood for our in room fireplace. All of them were wonderful!  When you combine this staff with the beauty, elegance, serenity, and comfort of this resort you have a 5 Star Hospitality experience!
3	Nice place, but out in the middle of nowhere. Rooms painted white; if you are going to do this you need clean on a regular basis. Can tell room is not dusted often. And updates needed to bathroom. Staff very friendly when I was with my husband, but they didn't "notice" me when I was by myself.  Spa staff top notch.
5	First off, and to clear the bias before I start, I got married here.But that's not why it gets five stars. My now-wife and her family have been coming here for years and, even compared to five-star resorts around the world, this is the kind of place that truly screams 'world class'.About 45 minutes from the airport, once you're on the property of the Boulders you're never going to want to leave. Fortunately, they make that easy. As part of your rental price and resort fee, you have almost free run of the grounds as well as a shuttle service to get you anywhere you want to go. Want to take a dip at the villa pools? No problem, someone will be right there to shepherd you over. Decide you want a little spa time? You can use all of the spa facilities (massages, facials, etc. are extra) including the steam room, the pools and saunas as part of your membership.Yoga? That's included, too.Considering they have world-class golf courses, the fees for 18 holes aren't bad, either.They have both hotel-style (a bedroom with a small kitchen attached) rooms as well as villas that come in two, three and four-bedroom styles. Most include a back yard patio that often times comes with a grill, or a smoker, and a full kitchen. Prices for the on-campus restaurant are, as you might imagine, pricey but you can easily go to the grocery store across the street, or the nearby Total Wine, to pick up food and booze and never have need for a restaurant.It's about 30 minutes from Old Scottsdale if you decide to leave the property, but with the absolute most friendly service staff you will ever meet (that you don't need to tip -- waiters/bartenders excepted -- because of the resort fee) there's no reason to ever go anywhere else once you're on the beautifully landscaped grounds.
5	Excellent hotel, great rooms, great people working, great place to relax, best swimming pools, what elese can you ask
4	My wife and I visited The Boulders for a weekend to celebrate our 10 year wedding anniversary.  We both loved the luxurious experience you get from check in to check out!  Everything about the resort was so relaxing and scenic.  Since we live in the west side of the valley, it was nice to get to a higher elevation with cooler temps and a breeze.  The resort is pricey, and so that is why I deducted one star.  I feel as if some things could be updated, and the WiFi drops out or is extremely slow.  That said, I would most certainly welcome a return in the near future!
4	Older resort that could use some remodeling, but that aside, The Boulders is a great 'staycation' option (as it was for us) with matching service.  We had a wonderful ground level suite adjacent to the golf course pond and directly across from the host lobby building, the Palo Verde Restaurant and the main pool, where we spent a great deal of our time!  All of our experiences were well received and in some cases, above and beyond.  Notably, the service from David at the Palo Verde Restaurant & Laurel from the Concierge desk who arranged for our forgotten golf bag (mistakenly left at the pro shop instead of being brought back to the bell desk) to be delivered FedEx directly to our home - So appreciated!Thank you for making our stay relaxing and memorable!
5	First class experience all the way!I decided to treat myself to a staycation for my birthday this year and when I was looking at rates and locations, I decided to go with The Boulders. I made my reservation and the personal concierge Carol was in touch a few weeks before my stay just to check if there was anything she could take care of before I arrived, which I really appreciated. We checked in Saturday afternoon which was quick and easy. Carol recognized me as I was checking in and the experience was pleasant. Our casita wasn't too far from the lounge but we used the golf carts the majority of the time we were there - the drivers were all super friendly. The room - gorgeous! Nice little kitchenette, wonderful seating area with the worlds most comfortable leather chairs, huge comfy bed, and giant bathroom and closet area. After getting settled in, we headed off to the main pool for a little bit and had a drink while we were there. Afterwards we headed off-site for dinner, returned to check out Sunset Pointe, and then retired to our room for the night. While we were there, Carol must have took notice that I was visiting for my birthday and sent over a bottle of wine and a chocolate/fruit dessert - 5 stars for Carol!! Before we left for breakfast, we checked out the spa and the pool near the front. We learned that we could have used the sauna, steam room, and jet spa while we were there - a note to remember for next time. The pool by the spa looked to be more "chill", and they have an organic garden where it appears you can pick fresh herbs and veggies. I had a fantastic time. It's far enough from the city and the surroundings are so beautiful you forget that you're still just a few miles outside of Scottsdale. The staff was great, the grounds were beautiful, and I'll definitely be back in the future.
4	My boyfriend and I stayed at The Boulders this past weekend, and it was amazing!  We like to take advantage of the summer deals around town--we live in Old Town Scottsdale-- and, of everywhere we've stayed, this is definitely at the top of the list.  If you've ever visited the Desert Botanical Gardens in Phoenix, then you can kind of get an idea of how special this place is.  The Boulders is like a resort in the middle of the Desert Botanical Gardens.  It is very spread out, so much so that they have golfcarts that come around and take you to and from your room if you want.  It's August in AZ, so we took advantage of the carts the whole times.  The drivers were all extremely friendly and prompt.  Our room was the biggest selling point for me.  It was larger than most typical rooms, with a fireplace that I'm sure is wonderful in the winter.  The bathroom was big and had a separate vanity, which I enjoyed.  The bed was super comfortable!  The best part, though, was that we had a back porch with lounge chairs, where we sat and watched rabbits playing!  The rooms are not all squished together as they are at most places, and it was nice to have some privacy.  We had dinner at Palo Verde and were very impressed.  The food was delicious, and they even have their own brand of wine from The Boulders.  I had the cabernet and loved it.  My singular complaint about the Boulders was the pool.  We spent several hours by the pool on Saturday, and we could not go 10 seconds without swatting a fly off of us.  At one point, I looked around and counted 13 flies just in my immediate area.  It made it a little difficult to relax.  Also, the pool water itself seemed a little dirty, but not so much that we didn't spend an hour in it.  Despite the flies and the dirt, we did have wonderful service from Eduardo, one of the poolside servers.  Our cocktails were delicious, and he brought them to us promptly and checked in with us frequently.Overall, I absolutely loved The Boulders.  It is definitely different from most of the other high end resorts in town, and it was wonderful to get a little more of that out-in-nature feeling.  We will be going back as soon as we can!  Tip:  if you're local, check the deals on this place during the summer months.  I think it's upward of $300/night regularly, but I think we got it for $115 in August.
5	This is one of the best places i have ever stayed.  The well maintained property is just gorgoeus with lots of nice walkways and you dont have to be a golfer to enjoy it. The rooms are great with Keurig coffe maker, flat screen, super comfy beds, both shower and tub and a spacious walk in closet. Free water bottles and the N.Y Times delivered daily. Service level is second to none and the only place close i have been to before is the Mandarin Oriental in Las Vegas wich has a tripple diamond rating. Pool area is ok but nothing specal. The Palo Verde restaurant serves good food at an affordable price. We stayed here 2 nights in aug and paid 120 $/night wich was a bargain.
5	This makes an incredible weekend stay-cation for valley dwellers. The room is so relaxing, I literally did not get out of bed until almost 4 pm. I stayed tucked under the covers and drank mimosas until the bottle of champagne was gone. Is that wrong? I don't think so. At the end of the weekend, I treated myself to a little massage. Honestly, it was fine, but not worth the price tag of almost $200 after tip. What was worth it, was the spa itself ... which is free to use if you're staying at the hotel. You don't have to book an appointment at the spa to hang by the pool or sweat out the toxins in the steam room. Your cheap ass can hang right along with the paying customers! Getting around the property is easy, as you can call for a golf cart to take you anywhere you want to go. The customer service is impeccable and everyone is friendly. I will say, some of the rooms might need an update or two, seeing as it's an older property ... but you have to be pretty picky to notice. Which might happen while staying at The Boulders, because your standards will auto-adjust. All of a sudden, you're not the person who drank along side a horse inside a Cave Creek bar the night prior, taking pictures of the guy who spent the night with his hand draped on his girlfriend's boob and posting those pictures on facebook because they made you laugh. No, you are a hoity-toity little jerk living the good life and dammit, if you don't deserve the best! What is this? The Holiday Inn? The fridge is not cold enough for my beer ... get maintenance up here!
5	Superb Service in US! We stayed for labor day weekend and had nothing but utmost wonderful experience compared to other same star resort rating in US and outside of the country!Not Enough good words to say all the great people we met.Kyle brought alot of complimentary Aron very helpful brought the car and kept air condition runningJason brought our groceries.The only thing to mention which is minor the representative from financial department when we called for the invoice was not the same level of service and positive attitude.The only comment is they should follow through with their invoice sending rather then just a final dollar amount. Other than that the staff are super friendly I have ever met.Thank you for wonderful experience!
3	I was soooooo amped to finally get to stay at the Boulders for one of my work trips. However, a bit disappointing in my short stay.  There were some major plumbing issues, (my water was turned off, and couldn't use the water...ummm??) and they forgot to bring me my room service...BUTTTT Let me emphasize......The manager was more than amenable. WAS EXCEPTIONALLY accommodating and apologetic. Extremely professional. Wish I had her name...she was wonderful! Needless to say, it's absolutely beautiful grounds, but the rooms are less than impressive, a bit dated...a little bland. But be sure to take advantage of their fabulous amenities, their pool, the GOLF (!!) the sunsets, the restaurants, the SPA! Note: It's about 30 minutes away from, well, anything. If you're ok with being resort bound, this is your place...but if you want to be closer to the action in downtown Scottsdale or Phoenix...head closer to proper.
5	This place was amazing.  Secluded and quiet made for the best stay we have ever ha while traveling.  Tons of places to walk, wildlife all over the grounds and great views.  Stay here you won't regret it.
5	This review is a bit late!I first stayed at the Boulders back in 2004 when it was owned by Wyndam Hotels. I have visited 10 times in the last ten years. I usually stay in the resort homes. I have never had a bad experience. They provide the best customer service.I recently traveled there in September. Andrea is the reservationist that booked us a fabulous house and gave us a great rate. It was above and beyond of what I thought I would get. Patty in housekeeping took all my calls and sent out great people to assist us. The room service food is great.My first massage at the spa was just ok. The rest of my treatments were a bit better but I don't feel they are worth the price.. You have to sign your receipt with 20 percent tip before your treatment! It's no longer the Golden Door Spa but a Hilton spa. Always ask about a special for treatments.Go to the big mall in Scottsdale and shop .
3	The two bedroom villa was spacious but a little dated.  Also, the hot tub was dirty and the lights in the showers  and closets had bugs in them.   When I called the Waldorf they said they needed to see what the owner of the villa said about getting it cleaned.  I said that it didn't matter because I booked through the Waldorf. They did understand but I shouldn't have had to call in the first place.  The villa  should  have been perfect for what we are paying. They did offer to move us if they could find a place  for us.
5	We have made it a tradition to stay at The Boulders for the past several years. We absolutely LOVE it! It's peaceful, scenic, luxurious, & relaxing! Golf, fitness center, wonderful spa, pools, etc. There is plenty to do or you can do absolutely nothing and enjoy some rest & relaxation.
5	We stayed a full week and some of the highlights included the food, the service, the grounds, the classes at the spa, the workout room, the javalinas...The food:  Bogies has an amazing Turkey Burger and sweet potato fries.  Spa Cafe was good.  Veggie omelet especially good.  Healthier fare with attention to calories.The service:  Waldorf Astoria level service did not disappoint.  From the concierge to the groundskeepers we felt like we were at a 5 star resort.Classes:  Tai Chi was great.  Stretching great.  Yoga great.  Workout room excellent equipment and beautifully maintained.The javalinas?  Those and all the other little creatures of the dessert kept us on our toes and loving the raw natural setting.Highly recommend!!!
4	Very beautiful resort/spa...my second favorite place to stay after The Sanctuary in Scottsdale.  Only problem with the place is that it's so far away from Scottsdale/Phoenix, which I guess is the point.
5	Beautiful resort full of fun activities to get away from reality. Beautiful spa, lovely restaurant, lovely staff. Everyone was extremely friendly and helpful and did their jobs very well.
5	Absolutely amazing! The property was beautiful and the service pool side was incredible! I will be back!
5	The Boulders...a picturesque Ralph Lauren catalog, dress shirts, quiet chuckles, golf-tennis vacay enthusiasts, WASPiness around...While none of the above describes my first choice of getaway, I have a confession-- I. LOVED.IT.We couldn't have picked a better place to stay in the Phoenix area. Secluded, scenic, serene. I'm not a resort person-- I'd much rather go out and explore-- but for The Boulders, I made an exception. The casitas are enveloped by the Sonoran Desert with spectacular views of the Boulders (hence, the name). It was tough not to walk out and feel the urge to explore the grounds. They also have "The Boulders Trail"-- a super easy hike with great views overlooking the property and beyond. Our casita was spacious-- on the second floor with balcony and cozy fireplace. It's odd, but my favorite thing was the heat lamp outside the shower. It's the little things. An update might be in order since there was always a lingering "old house" musty smell.First rate service. The valet guys were super nice and prompt. [golf clap]
5	I am not a golfer but when I found out my husband was staying at the Boulder's Resort for a work trip I knew I just had to come tag along. Once I arrived - I never left the resort and I was sad when I had to leave. The staff is above and beyond excellence- everyone was so friendly and they engage in conversation with you. They have golf carts to take you around the property and at night it's dark so its a good idea to take the lift back to your room. The property has nature trails and during the day I preferred to walk to the Spa. I enjoyed working out every day in the large fitness facility packed full of ellipticals and bikes with TVS. If you are a guest you may also use the spa's steam and sauna and I took advantage of that after my workouts. The pool by the Spa is an adult only pool and the place I preferred to lounge in the sun all day to read my book. They even have a waitress to order lunch or a glass of wine from. Needless to say my two days of relaxation went by way too fast at the Boulder's. The rooms have a wood burning fireplace and a large quiet balcony. I took advantage of both reading my book out on the balcony and enjoying room service in front of the fireplace one chilly January morning. The beds and pillows are the best of any hotel I have stayed at. I wanted to sneak a pillow back in my luggage they are so amazingly soft. I did check to see what brand they were so I could buy them but there wasn't a label. I guess this the place to be if you are a golfer but even if you aren't  a golfer you will still love this resort. And yes- there are boulders surrounding this resort. It's beautiful.
5	This is a review for the golf course only. OMG. Unbelievable. This course is so pristine and downright gorgeous. I have played at many nice courses all over the U.S. and this is definitely in my top 10. I didn't think I would enjoy a course in the PHX area more than Troon and this one does it. Very challenging course. Narrow fairways so bring some extra balls and be mindful when teeing off with your Pro V. If it wasn't so expensive I would play here all the time! Definitely worth it when you want to treat yourself to an amazing round of golf.
5	What's not to like about The Boulders... From the moment you drive onto the property, you know this place is special... as long as you like secluded and scenic desert.  I do.  The restaurants and both golf courses are memorable, and the staff is exceptional.  The Boulders is as good as it gets.
5	Lodge is large and accommodating. Staff everywhere is friendly, professional and helpful. You will not meet an employee that's not happy to see you, serve you and thank you for being there. The Casitas are comfortable well appointed (southwest style) with great views. The bell hops will move you around the property happily sharing info and suggestions. The limo driver I rode out with said thus us the highest recommended resort in the area.
5	I did not know that this place existed, and sort of stumbled across it a few weeks earlier when I was looking for staycation options. After looking at a few places in Scottsdale and Cave Creek, I ended up booking a getaway at The Boulders over Memorial Day weekend as a birthday present for my girlfriend. She loves to travel, has done so extensively both domestic and international, but sometimes likes to just GET away for a few days without really GOING away.Before I get into the meat of the review, I'll just say up front. 5 stars all the way -- Diamond in the desert. It seems from one or two other reviews that some people are surprised at the cost of this place once on property. When I think of Waldorf Astoria, I expect everything to be top notch and expensive. It's a premium brand. I cannot imagine how one would visit this resort with the expectation that on site dining, drinking and recreating would be "cheap". That said, given that it's a 1,200+ acre Waldorf Astoria resort, I was actually pleasantly surprised with the pricing, especially dining.  As a local, the resort is less than an hour from home, so it was a no-brainer for that staycation to come to fruition. When we arrived, we were promptly met by a valet, who unloaded our bags while I checked us in. Upon check-in, I learned that valet parking was included in the nightly resort fee, and that most gratuities are also included in the resort fee so, for the most part, employees do not expect gratuities around the resort (although I couldn't help myself, and did insist on giving gratuities in most cases, as the service was just that good). A golf cart was waiting for us when we returned to the valet area, and our bags were already loaded in it. The bellman immediately whisked us away to our spacious Casita situated at the end of the #5 south green. He took the time to explain everything to us, unload our things and, since we were starving, he then carted us off to The Spotted Donkey Cantina, while pointing landmarks out to us en route. The nachos are massive and wonderful, fyi! Afterwards, we explored the expanse of the property on foot. A must do if you're up for it - very scenic. Later that night, we visited Palo Verde, where we had an amazing dinner.  We both had apps, entrees and desert, and it was all excellent.  I had the fritter app, followed by Bison medallions, and they were excellent.  Not at all gamey, and perfectly cooked. The Cowboy S'mores were for desert -- rich, chocolaty and...yum!  Wine bottle options from the $30s.  After dinner, we took a short hike, still on property, up to Sunset Point and enjoyed a spectacular view of the nighttime desert, and the Scottsdale and Phoenix city lights off in the distance.  When we travel together for leisure, one of the things we enjoy most about each other is that we both prefer having "no agenda".  We get up when we get up, and we do whatever we feel like doing. The Boulders made that easy.  On two mornings, we slept in and had brunch delivered to the casita. Situated literally 15 feet beyond the sand trap at the end of the #5 hole, our expansive, well shaded patio was the perfect place to enjoy a few hours of leisure. The food was delivered promptly and set up on our patio table for us. All excellent. The layout of our casita's patio, complete with double sliding glass doors, loungers, club chairs and tables, made golf watching interesting.  We could talk quietly while golfers finished up their rounds.  With a large full mesquite tree immediately in front left of our patio, we were a bit "camouflaged", so the golfers, not realizing we were there, were generally quite candid on the green.   It was fun and entertaining!   Later, we visited the pool for the entire afternoon. Grabbing a couple of uber comfortable loungers, we enjoyed the desert setting, with boulder piles abound, and enjoyed a few adult beverages delivered by the pool wait staff.  What a great, relaxing afternoon. The pool and hot tub are 24/7 btw, so enjoy whenever!On our second trip to Palo Verde, for dinner that evening, we first stopped at Discovery Lounge for a cocktail, then again ordered apps, entrees and desert once seated on the patio (great views).  This time I had the chicken, and huckleberry pie desert and again, they were excellent.   We ordered a 2010 pinot noir off the wine list, but were treated to a 2008 vintage from the same vineyard at the same price.  We ended up cancelling our spa visits for the next day just so we could continue to enjoy our patio!  Simple pleasures! You can be taken wherever you like on the property, with a few exceptions, by golf cart, or you can hoof it.  Next time, we'll visit the spa, and maybe play some golf too!  Service:  5 startsStaff:  5 starsCasita:  5 starsExperience:  5 stars!!!Enjoy!!!
1	Went to enjoy the view and a cocktail only to find there was a small lounge bar with a bartender, randy with a bad attitude! The worst bartender I have come across. We tried humor and he was not having any part of it. Then we try to order a drink, a martini and when asked what kind he offered as not on the drink menu, he advised vodka or gin. Really... No shit.. He continued to be difficult and unhelpful I finally asked for a manager. Song, who did not know how to handle the situation .... Terrible place. I would not go back, no customer service nor interest to accommodate their customers!
5	I can't rate this resort highly enough. This was a weekend getaway gift from my boyfriend. It's close enough to Phoenix that it's doable as a luxury stay-cay and yet you feel you are nowhere near a city... At.All. Upon arrival the security gate has your name on file and you are welcomed. A little more ways in, the valets greet you promptly and start unpacking your car while you check in. At first site, I felt relaxed and that is the point of this place. The mood is very 'Zen-like' and I loved the decor and all of the boulders around the property. The casitas, villas and rooms are spread out throughout this expansive property and golf course. My boyfriend booked a 'detached' casita facing the number 5 hole and underneath a perfect shade tree,( which would be handy for morning brunch or afternoon cocktails) on the green. The casita was beautifully appointed with a high ceiling , rock fireplace, poster bed, a separate soaking tub and shower. There were two huge leather chairs for hanging out. Seriously you think you are all alone because it was so quiet. We were whisked away by our bell man and given direction on how to call or text for a shuttle around the property for dinner or spa treatments or golf. The concierge did not miss a beat on making sure we had all we needed in way of reservations for our meals. I will review the restaurants on property separately. The room service is 24 hours, as well. We ordered brunch each morning to enjoy our patio. The pools are open 24/7 .. I only wish they had cabanas at the pool, but they don't. Yes it's a splurge; it's a Waldorf Astoria. It's worth every splurging penny. The staff; the ambience and the treatment is spoiling from check in to check out. I can't wait for the opportunity to splurge again here.
4	We had a great stay-cation at The Boulders. We had plans to go Hot Air Ballooning out of Cave Creek, and decided to stay at Boulders to reduce early morning travel. We arrived on a Friday at 4pm. Our room was clean and presentable. We decided to go to the Spa pool first before heading to dinner. The Spa pool is in desperate need of repairs. It is old and there are many chips. The pool had excessive amounts of trees pollen floating in the pool. It was rather gross. We were initially told that the spa pool  closed at 6. However when we checked in at the spa, we were told the pool closed at 7. Then, our pool waitress told us the pool was open until 8. While this not a big deal, it was tacky that we were given different times by 3 different employees.We ate dinner at the Spotted Monkey, which is a great Mexican restaurant just off the resort grounds. The resort graciously provided transportation to and from the restaurant.  I recommended their specialty margarita. I ordered they shrimp tacos and was not impressed. The next morning, I went to the fitness center located in the spa. It was a fantastic fitness center. There are several cardio machines and an excellent selection of free weights. I was happily surprised and impressed. After working out, we went to the main pool. The main pool was very impressive. We were able to get lounge chairs with an umbrella. The waitress was prompt and provided us with frequent drinks and food options. Overall, I was very impressed with The Boulders. I would definitely stay here again. I gave this resort 4 out if 5 stars because of the Spa Pool and the inconsistent info given to us by the staff.
3	I wanted to love it with my WHOLE heart. I did. But I just couldn't....This place is gorgeous. It's clean. The staff is absolutely amazing and the amenities are plenty. We literally have every single person we came into contact with bending over backward for us. The spa was great. Breathtaking. All my of my services were perfect. And did I mention that it's beautiful?But the food. Oh, the food. If you are a lover of food, your heart will be broken. I was at The Boulders for three days. Two breakfasts, two lunches, two dinners. Not a single delicious meal. It was like the bad food fairies were after me. It was almost comical. Dinner One: Ahi Tuna Salad with dressing so spicy I could not eat it. And I LOVE spice! Someone dropped a bottle of cayenne in it or something. It was off for sure. Breakfast One: Berries and granola over yogurt with agave. Half way through, I realized all my the raspberries were filled with green mold. Smoothie was filled with big chunks of ice so I couldn't drink it through the straw. Lunch One: Turkey burger that was completely raw in the middle.Dinner Two: I special ordered a cheeseburger because I was afraid to ruin my last dinner with something on the menu. This was the best meal I had, but still so-so.Breakfast Two: Blue corn waffles with strawberries. It was ok.Lunch Two: Beet salad. Meh.If you are not a foodie, you will absolutely not care about any of this stuff and you will love your stay. If you are, you will be sorely disappointed. Even our waiter had a hard time recommending anything to us. We could tell he didn't like the food!If we do the desert spa thing again, I'll definitely go somewhere with highly rated food.
1	I would not give a star if possible. I went to the spa yesterday and my skin is completely damaged by the chemicals the technician chose to use when I clearly told her I had sensitive skin. I posted a photo in the photos section. I am appalled a spa at a hotel of this caliber would not properly educate and train technicians to proactively protect its customers. I can't believe the damage. This could take weeks to heal. I called the Spa Director and left a message. I am completely in shock.
5	What can I say, this place is great. The rooms are huge, the bed comfortable, and they have small decks. It's basically a small apartment. The staff are very friendly, and a resort fee includes tips, so no need to constantly keep cash on hand.I booked a last minute round of golf and they were very accommodating, keeping the course open a little longer so I could finish my round. I read some comments about the food, so was a little weary, but in general the food was great. We ate at the spotted donkey a few times and everything was fresh and well prepared. The restaurant in the main lodge was good too. Every day they prepare a special burger, and we stuck to those and again, great stuff.We stayed in the off-season (it was 115F out) so the room was cheap, but food was pricey, which I expect at a Waldorf.
5	Wonderful place for a staycation (or any *cation for that matter).Service from the moment you enter the resort is five stars (yes, that's before your toe actually touches outside of your car.) I've been to several resorts and this staff holds first place for gracious service. Very quiet, peaceful, relaxing. Buildings fit with the surrounding land.  Pools weren't overcrowded. Multiple options to eat and shop were available. Iced water with differing fruits were always available. Stunning views. Got to play checkers and chess as we cooled off in the lodge.Room was large and cool. Not brand new, but very well kept, clean, and upgraded. The bed was very comfortable. Bathroom large. Free Wifi.I look forward to visiting again.
1	While this resort is beautiful and the staff are very friendly; I have an excessively bad taste in my mouth.  I was there on business for 3 nights. My very last night I was awoken several times in the night to very loud  noises outside of my room which was very startling and scary.  I wake up at 6:30 am and open the shutters to the glass slider that opens up to the desert behind my room.  Low and behold there is a clear imprint of a man's side of face with the ear pressed up against the glass.  Being a single woman traveling alone for work this is alarming to say the least.  I promptly called security who was very nice,  however as I was checking out a short hour later the security officer had not shared with the manager my scary experience.  I had taken pictures and showed it to the manager. Following insincere apologies were stupid explanations like "maybe a husband was lost and couldn't find his room and was trying to hear if it was his wife in the room". What? ? Um how about if that's the case you knock on the door to the room? ? Not go into the wilderness to press your face to a sliding glass door?  Very scary,  disturbing and should be taken more seriously by all staff.  My instinct is that it was one of the staff members. Being that the entire time I was there I saw a maximum of 5 guests I hardly doubt it was the lost husband scenario and if that is the case, to the wife, it is time to trade that model in. In addition,  I'm not the type to ask for a discount or a return of funds but I do believe something should have been offered as I was very shaken up. And if you hadn't of guessed already nothing was offered up besides lame explanations and insincere apologies. Bad taste on the part of the management and a bad taste in my mouth.
5	Outstanding resort and will be back. Great customer service by all. Room was amazing with incredible views. Well laid out so you almost feel alone. Spotted Donkey was great. Excellent food reasonably priced. Good variety of tequilas. Bartender Troy very personable and attentive. Love the golf cart transportation around the resort.
5	Great service by the entire Boulders staff! Front desk, bell/jitney, restaurant wait, and golf course teams were very attentive and accommodating. We had a small problem with our room, but Stacy at the front desk took care of it for us quickly and efficiently. Everyone was friendly and went out of their way to answer all our questions.We stayed for four days/three nights and had a very relaxing vacation. Thanks to the Boulders staff for making it so!
5	My wife and I stayed at the Boulders from 08/19/14-08/21/14. We arrived, parked our car at the valet and went inside to check in. The lobby area had two check-in desks, a small bar, two kinds of infused water, restaurant and a concierge, There is a beautiful large fireplace in the lobby and another one outside. The main pool and hot tub is also located behind the building. I can only imagine how nice those fireplaces must be in the winter. In the summer months it is illegal to have fires in both the outside and inside fireplaces. Check in went smoothly and we were given casita number 279, a king room with a desert view. The valet loaded our luggage on to a golf cart and drove us to our room. On the way to the room the valet informed us about the hotel. The resort will seem huge and does take some getting used to but you'll find out that it isn't that difficult to navigate. At check-in you will be given a map of the resort to help you find your way if needed. The valet showed us into our room and also informed us about the room and how to reach valet if we needed a ride somewhere in the resort or to have our car retrieved. The room itself is huge, it has a king bed, a sitting area with two leather chairs, a desk, fireplace, walk-in closet, a large bathroom with separate tub and shower and two sinks. There was also a safe, hair dryer, luggage stand, and a patio with a table, two chairs and a lounge chair. We had a nice view of the dessert and the mountains off in the distance. A road runs behind the room in the distance which you can barely see or hear. This particular room is very close to the spa, which has an adults only pool and hot tub. During the summer months some of the restaurants aren't open or have reduced hours. Make sure you call to find out if they are open before you go. No one told us about this and one night we wanted to go to the Grille and only found it was closed when we got the lobby. If you don't want an expensive meal at the restaurant you can sit by the bar and get a burger for 15 bucks. We would have liked to know about this option as well but again, no one told us. If you like rye whiskey they have a nice rock candy and spice infused rye whiskey drink for 8 dollars. This is a bargain considering a beer is 7 dollars. There is a shuttle you can take to the Spotted Donkey, a Mexican restaurant. We ate there one night and had the fajitas, two margheritas, chips and salsa. The food was good but the bill was $80 which I thought was a bit high for what we got. Another thing to be aware of, is that housekeeping will not change your sheets for 3 night unless you put a card on the bed indicating you want them changed. That's fine, but someone should let the customer know this. We had no idea and would have preferred to have ours changed. We never did because we didn't know until the last day when we happened to see the card. The grounds are really fun just to walk around in. There is a sunset viewing area you can walk to and take some beautiful pictures. Make sure you have your camera out and on at all times while walking the grounds. While there we saw a coyote, road runner, rabbits, deer, and several types of other birds. While walking around, we also noticed that the valet employees drive rather quickly. I know that they are very busy and have a lot of customers to help but they need to drive slower with everyone walking around especially children. There is a resort fee at the Boulders which covers valet tips and use of the fitness room and the locker room amenities. These amenities include a steam room, sauna, showers, warming pool, and relaxation area. The spa itself is huge about 30,000 square feet I believe. I really enjoyed using it. We spent all our time at the adults only pool. It wasn't crowded, the pool is good size, there is water and ice, and a hot tub. If you want peace and quiet this is a great place to go. There is pool side service and you can get food or a drink here. The food you get a the spa is geared towards being healthy and is good. We had oatmeal in the morning and chicken wraps and salad for lunch. We didn't play golf but the golf course looked awesome. If you play golf you won't be disappointed. The positives of this resort overwhelm the negatives I pointed out. I would definitely come back and stay longer if I do.
4	Note to self.   Do this again!BF and I decided to leave our So Calif coastal community for a three day mini vacation in Scottsdale Arizona.  In August!    Why you ask???    Try $165 per night for a stay at a Waldorf Astoria Resort.   Five star treatment for a fraction of the cost.  Our room was appointed beautifully.  Because of the $30 per day service fee we were not expected to tip the bellmen that picked us up from and delivered us to our casita several times per day.   All of them were eager to help and had awesome personalities.   My early morning strolls demonstrated a beautifully maintained resort with just enough wildlife to remind you that you are in the desert.  The room service menu was quite limited and expensive.   Better to eat in the restaurant and go back to your room.  $70 for a salad w/ 3 shrimps and one crab cake. Only complaint was the housekeeping only did a cursory straighten up.   The half empty glass of wine was put upon the shelf.  The following morning the half empty glass of water remained at the bedside.   This stood out because everything else was exemplary. We cannot wait to come back.  This was a beautifully relaxing three days.
5	I wish I could give this place 100 stars.  It's far and above the best place I have ever stayed. The Casitas are amazing - spacious and well decorated with every luxury you can imagine.  Our King bed was uber comfortable, the two porches were well decorated and plush.The golf carts took us everywhere we wanted to go on-property and the view is amazing. Everyone from the front desk to the bell hop to the cart drivers were super friendly and accommodating.  The staff is very professional yet friendly. We never had to wait for anything.We ate both evenings at the Palos Verde restaurant in-house and it was fabulous. Really superb and the prices were very reasonable.  Service also excellent.I would not hesitate to recommend this place to everyone and anyone (I have) and I can't wait to come back.
4	The bed was very clean and comfortable. The entire room was very clean. The hotel had a great breakfast and many options.We required a room with a pull out bed. The couch had a pull out bed, but there were no sheets, pillows or blanket in the room for the pullout bed.
1	For anyone looking to make a booking for this hotel be advised that they have a very stringent and inflexible cancellation policy. I made a booking through hotels.com and had selected the option to pay upon arrival at the hotel. According to the policy there was free cancellation. I had something come up and was no longer able to make the trip and cancelled my reservation immediately after finding out, 4 days in advance of my trip and was still charged a one night fee for the room. The person in reservations named Ron whom I spoke with first asked me if I am canceling due to a death in the family, as if this could be the only justifiable reason for cancellation and when I explained that I had to cancel due to work reasons, he would not allow me to do so. No credit was offered for a future stay either. For anyone considering booking this hotel please make sure you read their cancellation policy closely.
5	We came to the Boulders from a silent auction winning bid for the Boys and Girls club and then proceeded to experience the spa, restaurants and golf course on our own dime. We were not disappointed. Everything from our casita to the spa and the service was impeccable. Perfection in paradise. We will definitely visit again.
5	Scenery so breathtaking it looks like it was painted on...Lovely, large well-appointed casita...A gorgeous spa with an incredible array of services...And, hands-down, the most wonderful staff on the planet!I spent three blissful days at The Boulders with my daughter and seven month old grandson.  Everything was perfect but it's the quality of the staff that makes The Boulders so distinctive.  The bell staff/golf cart team were all amazing and you definitely get to know them because the place is huge and those golf-cart rides are included in the resort fee!   I've stayed at many Ritz Carltons - famous for their service - but I'd have to say The Boulders doesn't train people to be warm and gracious - they just find incredibly warm and gracious people!  In addition, all of the drivers were extremely knowledgeable about the plants and topography.  We loved Bill and Gerard and the entire group!Breakfast on the patio of Palo Verde was absolutely delicious and, again, the service received from our waiter, Eduardo, was outstanding.  Our raving fan moment came when Eduardo checked in and said, "Can I get you anything else?"  Since my daughter and I were trying to eat while containing a very active baby, I jokingly said, "Yeah!  A babysitter!"  It was a joke, of course, but Eduardo disappeared and, in a flash, came back with Jenny, from the Executive Director's office, who scooped up the baby and walked him around the lobby and gift shop while we finished our breakfast loving every tasty morsel of it!  That's how nice the staff is.  When you put those people in that gorgeous setting, throw in a world-class spa, wonderful food, and a take-your-breath-away golf course you've got a heckuva lovely spot to unwind.
5	Spent the morning at The Boulders' spa. Fantastic massage, locker room, showers, steam shower, pool and cafe. This is a very peaceful place to spend a few hours or a whole day. My friend stayed at the resort a couple years ago and the casitas were really nice, too. Luxury and peacefulness all the way. Highly recommended!
5	The thing we love best about the Boulders is even when it's full, they have this magical way of making it seem like you are the only ones on the property. Just 48 hours here and we are always relaxed and ready to face the world again.  They also now have a texting service in case you need anything during your stay. Again, we had a fabulous stay for our anniversary!!!! I think this is the 4th anniversary we have spent at the Boulders and we are already dreaming of next year!!! We don't drink, so they thoughtfully brought us celebratory sparkling water, chocolates, fruit and other treats- so thoughtful! They always do a Fantastic job!!!
3	Some background... Lived in the valley for 9 years and now just have a home in Terravita I use during the winter.  I consider myself a spa aficionado.  Whenever I come to town I rotate between the Boulders and the Princess for a nice Sunday am massage. The place is not bad, it is just in need of some love and care. For example, a couple of the treadmills were broken, the carpet in the gym is hopelessly out of date, there was a wall that was in the middle of being painted. The service itself was fine. It is just when you pay $266 for a massage, you expect the height of luxury.  This was not it.
5	I've saved my 2200th review for the best hotel I've stayed at. The girlfriend and I hit the USA on holiday this summer and I wanted her to have dinner at Binkleys, one of my favourite US restaurants located in the small town of Carefree located just north of PhoenixLooking for nearby lodgings, I happened upon The Boulders. If you're familiar with the area, you'll understand immediately where ths resort is found - at the foot of the giant boulder stacks prominently jutting out of the flat desert landscape just outside CarefreeLet me just get the one bad bit out of the way. I got a really good rate through Expedia, which included a $50 a day 'gift card', which we used for a free breakfast. This helped to offset the pain of the compulsory $30 a day resort fee. These resort fees are just a way to hide the true cost of accommodation and if they're compulsory, they should be included in the total cost quoted to guestsIn the case of the Boulders, perhaps you resent paying the resort fee less because that brings 'free' wifi and free golf cart rides. Yup, golf carts are a near necessity because this is a big resort. We got a sense of this when we arrived at the security gate guarding the entrance to the resort. The security guard had a security pass ready prepared for us. He lifted the guard rail and instructed us to follow the road for a mile to main reception. It's a grand and exciting way to start your stay as you meander your way through the desert landscape and golf course towards the ever enlarging eponymous bouldersAfter checking in, we and our luggage were transported by golf cart to our casita as our car was valet parked (compulsory). Wow was our reaction when we stepped into our accommodation. A huge room greeted us with all mod cons and a balcony with a view of the surrounding boulders. There were ceiling fans and air conditioning to keep the room nice and cool in the desert heat. The bathroom was equally cavernous. Truly the most luxurious hotel room I've stayed inThe resort has some signposted routes which brings you closer to the boulders if you fancy exploring these quite fascinating geological features. We instead headed to the spa to make use of the outdoor pool. The next day, we used the other pool near the main reception, which is open 24 hoursWe had breakfast at an outside table overlooking the golf course, a lovely peaceful way to the start the day. The food was greatIn conclusion, if you can get a good rate, don't hesitate to stay here. Oh, and make sure to have dinner at Binkleys just up the road
2	The resort is out of date and not very kid friendly. The villas did not have consistently working internet. The place is also reservation happy so unless you prepare days ahead of time or the morning of, you may not be able to eat when you want or where you want. In fact, you may have to go off the resort property for food. Speaking of food, it is average on best. Since this is a golf resort, I did take part in it and the courses were busy making it uncomfortable to take beginners. However, the scenery is beautiful. Other than that, the activities are limited on the resort. The spa was nice and the massage is one of the best I've ever had. Overall, however, my experience here is poor and I have been to other well named resorts/hotels across the world.
