3	Pros:- $39 first-time massage- Decent massage packages- Very relaxing massage- Professional and cleanCons:- An extra $7 for 'deep tissue' massages?  Come on.  Just raise the prices and make them all deep tissue.  - Strip-mall location- Massage rooms are a bit spartan and cold (temperature and otherwise)- Tough to get an appointment during peak hours- No spa 'smells' or aromatherapyOverall this spa has the most flexible packages for massages I've found.  And their first-time massage price can't be beat.  But don't expect a 'spa' experience.
4	I've been here three times, and each time was just excellent. A clean, professional salon.The massages are lovely: the rooms are comfortable and relaxing, and each person I've had has been just great. Their hand and wrist massages can't be beat.The pedicures are great: my experiences have been a little rough and tumble, but they sure make my feet look amazing. The manicures lasted for over a week, and were fast and lovely. I also had my hair cut and colored here, and it turned out stellar. Professional, friendly service with a great cut and amazing highlights. The stylist took my concerns about my hair (lightening without damaging) seriously and worked within serious constraints very well.My only cons:Some of the rooms can be a little cold. Also, my manicurist went MIA when I was in the nail dryer and I had to find another manicurist to fix one of my nails. Other than that, and the rough handling of feet during the pedicure, all my experiences here have been top notch.
4	New year.  New Day.  New Do.  I wanted to take off some more length, dead ends and all BUT with someone who wasted 'scissor happy'.  You know the type.I called and made an appt with a Master Designer; I received Lisa Torgerud.I gave Lisa an idea of what I wanted; with 2 photos in tow - so we could to come to a harmonious agreement.  I took off about 5 -6 inches and was in and out in less than an hour and a half.She was professional, quaint, and efficient.  Her styling area was clean, neat and attractive to the eye.  I will return.
4	I had microdermabrasion with Sarah.  It was my first experience with the service as well as the technician.  I think Sarah did a great job of making the experience pain-free, relaxing and even a bit educational.  I'm very happy with the results and will go back to Sarah for other spa services.The atmosphere and decor are OK - not a complete spa feel, but not terrible.
2	Getting your hair cut here is worth the money if you don't plan on getting your hair cut every 6 weeks like you are supposed to.However, do not get your nails done here. We called to make an appointment for gels. They booked us. We arrived and they told us we were going to get a complimentary hot wax dip, which I started and as they started to have me pick out the color of nail polish we started to clarify that this was gel nails (because gels don't have nail polish, they are clear). As one of my hands had already been dipped they told us that actually they don't offer the gel service there and there must have been some confusion. We should have left then, but since I had already dipped my hand we decided to stay and get mani-s. They CHARGED me for the wax dip and our nails didn't last two days.
2	ALL of  the stylist Ive seen have now left as well as the majority of the front desk staff. The place has gone down hill!  That being said the salons prices far exceed the experience!!!! Its decor is horrible. Paint is chipping off the walls, holes in the ceiling , the waterfall at the entrance is broke. It's pricing itself out of Madison.
5	Kevin the massage therapist is great. Listened carefully what I had to say and took care with my shoulder. Amber the receptionist is also great.
5	Great Manicure
5	Tiffany is, by far, the best stylist I've ever had.  I recently moved to DC and have let my hair go for 6 months because I knew I'd be back home in Madison around Christmas and could sneak into Ultimate and get my hair done right.When I first started going to Tiffany, I did what every girl does post-break-up.  I sat in her chair and told her I didn't care what she did with my hair but that I needed something different.  She gave me the perfect cut and color.  I was stopped multiple times by strangers asking me where I had gotten my hair cut.  It was stylish and professional - plus, I could just blow dry it into shape, no need to curl or use a straightening iron.Love this place!
4	I have been to The Ultimate several times for massages with Ellen and would highly recommend her.  She is very personable, friendly and professional.  I feel extremely relaxed after our sessions.  I also used Ellen for a prenatal massage when pregnant. Being as big and uncomfortable as I was, I was worried if I would be able to relax fully.  Ellen has blankets and pillows just for that reason! Super comfortable and she remembers to ask about the baby after she was born. Highly recommend!The only reason I did not give 5 stars was that the hallway outside the room can get a bit loud if people are walking down, talking or laughing. They should maybe make that more of a quiet space with notices that people are in session.  Nothing Ellen could help though!
4	I love the ultimate spa and salon! I get my haircut there by lynnelee and she does a great job both with cutting my hair and giving a great neck massage between the wash and cut. She also gave me the great tip to start using Moroccan oil products in my hair. Not only do the products smell great, but they also make my hair very shiny and smooth.I also got my hair and makeup done here for my wedding, and brought in my whole bridal party to do their hair and make up. It was great to have a different stylist for each member and get the whole process done in 2 hours. I had Tiffany working on me and she did a fabulous job figuring out what I wanted from pictures that I brought in.The Ultimate Spa and Salon is the only place I'll go to in Madison for any spa needs. It's definitely not cheap, but I find its definitely worth the price.
5	I LOVE Ultimate! A friend referred me to Alyssa and she is who has done my hair for the past two years! She's great and always makes me hair better than I imagined. The salon is nice. Other reviews say they are pricey but you get what you pay for. I get a paraffin dip and neck/scalp massage when I get my hair done. I'm not sitting there all day like other places. The front desk is very friendly and I even get mailed coupons for discounted services. I will be going back as long as I'm living in Madison. :)
4	I have my favorite stylists at Ultimate, but what would a salon be without a few excellent hair artisans who have some great jokes to boot?Here's what I love about Ultimate:Polite manner on phone and always upon arrival.  No snooty attitude on phone or in person at front desk.I've only used their hair cutting/ coloring services but the place is always full, which I take as a good sign, no matter what day or time I am there.I do love my edgy stylist, but they have someone for everyone.  Ask to be matched up with someone that will suit your style and character.
5	Since moving to DC a year and a half ago, I continue returning to Madison frequently to get my hair done by Tiffany.  She's the only one I'll let touch my hair and I always leave feeling like a million bucks!  Not only is she a wonderful stylist, she's become a good friend of mine and I don't think I'm the only client of hers that feels that way.
2	Had a bad massage here. The girl sat on her butt and rubbed my shoulders. It was the end of the day so she must have been tired. I've had way better at RZ and Studio Z. If I wanted a shoulder massage I would have gotten one from my boyfriend.
1	I have a gift certificate for an Ultimate Makeover - 2 1/2 hours of consultation, cut, color, style and makeup.  I was really excited to try the Spa and in desperate need of a haircut so I called right away to make an appointment. I was lucky enough that the first available appointment, although 2 weeks away was on a Friday night.  I booked the appointment and made big plans to go out with friends to debut my new look (really, how often do you get to have your makeup professionally done for a night out.) Flash forward to an hour before my much anticipated appointment I received a voicemail message informing me that Mallory was running behind with another appointment and I would need to call to reschedule mine.  WTF? You're cancelling my appointment and not even apologizing or offering me any option like a shorter service?I swallow my anger and return the call think that perhaps since they canceled my appointment, they would find a way to quickly accommodate me with a new appointment or perhaps upgrade me for the inconvenience.  Nope.  I was informed that Mallory's next time slot was a week and a half out or I could see someone else on a Tuesday - Who needs their makeup done for a Tuesday night?Honestly if it wasn't a gift certificate I would just cancel and go somewhere else. This is NOT a great first impression.To be fair, I would like to add that their phone staff have always been delightful. So that and the limitations of yelp are the only reason they get a star.  I will update after I have my service, hopefully they are worth the inconvenience and irritation.
5	My sister and I decided to give our mom a complete "makeover" as a gift. I called multiple salons to inquire if they would be able to strip color out of my mom's hair. (She decided to stop coloring her hair and let her hair grow out, so she had grey/white on top and dark brown a few inches down.)Many of the salons said that it could not be done. When I spoke with someone at the Ultimate Spa Salon, they stated that they would be able to lighten the color so it would blend better with her natural hair color. The stylist was very nice, discussed what she was going to be doing.  She put lightener on my mom's hair a few times. I was nervous that it wasn't going to work.  She got a new hairstyle, and when it was all done, she looked FABULOUS!  I was very pleased with how it came out.  It was pricey to have it done, but when it comes to a drastic change, I'd say it's worth it!
