5	One of the most anticipated food stores in this area did not disappoint. The variety of fresh, cooked and packaged foods is astounding. The presentation of the merchandise is impeccable, and the entire store is spacious, well-lit, and very well organized. It's a great food shopping experience, enchanced by the presence an in-house casual bar/restaurant (Twenty Highland Tavern) and a coffee and espresso bar.
5	Wow! Now this is what the Biltmore corridor has been waiting for. Today is the first grand opening of the store so it is BUSY filled with locals who are thrilled I have a neighborhood market. Besides the unique grocery options for all dietary needs there is a in house bar called "Twenty Highland Tavern. Along with a Juice Bar. We can't forget the fresh foods they bake and cook daily. Large salad bar with all the fixings with warm soups to top it off. Other great features:Express CheckoutFresh Roast Coffee Grinds for saleLots of parking in the back of shipping center.Dining area in the barAnd much, much, morezzzz
5	Ah, yes. The moment has arrived... Whole Foods is in my hood! Had a hoot at the Grand Opening. (And yes, I was the first person in line :)I almost rear-ended someone two weeks ago when I noticed the sign going up. (I was late to the party!) Too many thoughts to process, but really, the themes are as follow:- FOOD! (Ok, you knew that was coming)- Cheese Bar (Hoh. My.)- Chocolate Section (Yes!)- Beer  & Wine (That's just me.)Everything you've ever remembered / dreamed about / seen in a Whole Foods is here. (+Juice bar +Coffee/Espresso Bar +TONS of baked goods)... AND A STUNNING BAR.(We shall revisit this topic. Muy importante.)Aisles wide enough to drive a car down, selection in every product niche that you wouldn't believe and super, duper nice (helpful!) peeps. Ok, that's pretty much everything you would need to know. This is Whole Foods after all.  Good stuff and service abounds!As I meandered throughout the spacious locale I nibbled on some goodies. Again, this is Whole Foods and THEY FEED YOU :) In all seriousness tho, the Pomegranate Green Tea is very refreshing. I'd pick that up again. I stopped and fawned over the Olive Bar. We are going to become best buds. (Don't be jealous. I can share.) There's lots and lots of cheese. (HOH.) In the Chocolate (let me seduce you) Section my jaw dropped over a COLOMBIAN treat. We Colombians stick together - try the Chocolate Cordillera. (If you come over, too late! I'm sure it'll be gone.) I didn't have time to peruse the wine section (I had already seen the bar - PRIORITIES) but I did stop to check out the brews and CIDERS. Woo hoo! Whole Foods carries Magners! This in itself would have made the trip worthy. BUT NO, REMEMBER THERE IS A BAR.Well, I almost made it straight to the bar. But there were free pancakes (HOH. MY.) and champagne (SQUEE!).The bar is not tiny. There's plenty of space. FOUR TVs. (And they were all playing sports. Woot!) Purse hooks! (WHICH I LOVE THEM FOR.) And a rich selection of things to drink. Before I detail that, just know you can purchase *regular* shopping items at the bar. (PROVIDED you only have a few. As in, not a cartful.) This is dangerous news. Try to pick the milk AFTER the bar because you'll be too comfortable enjoying the bar.DRINKY TREATS- 36 Beers on Tap (26 Local) ($5-$8)- 4 AZ Wines on Tap ($6-$7)- 8 Bottled Beers- A host of red, white and sparkling wines by the glass- 6 Fruity CocktailsSo, a regular bar... But better! This bar, also [conveniently/dangerously] offers Growlers! $4 for either size bottle (so says Matt). The 32oz growlers run $8 - $16 to fill, 64oz growlers are $16 - $27. I had fun sampling beers with an $8 flight. That's four (!) count 'em different 2oz beers!THE BAR CARRIES FOOD!And, you can call your order in. That's right. Call ahead service (or maybe when you arrive to shop :) Noshes (wings, dips, etc.), Sandwiches, Pizza, Greens and Sushi!I'd recommend a visit (obviously) to shop here. Also, stop by and say hi to the newest bartenders in my life: Nicole, Matt, Matthew & Jason. I bet there's more and just as nice!UPDATE: The bar itself has 11 stools. There is a community table that seats 8. And there are two 4 tops.
5	So my fiance and I went here tonight to see what all of the hype was about! WOW! This is the coolest "grocery store" I have seen in a long time. I felt like I could have spent a long time in there. I was blown away with all of the different specialty stations it has. My favorite is the sweets and coffee bar. I walked away with a mouth watering Red Velvet Cupcake that I will be devouring shortly. Across the way is a juice station with fresh produce and the juices are made fresh, on the spot. Jeff was in awe at the seafood station but I was eyeing the meat station. I ended up walking away with a teriyaki salmon burger instead of a beef burger. Who knew? I will definitely be going back when I have a little more time to spend browsing. I will just have to bring cash with me or I will probably buy everything in the store. I was and still am truely amazed with this place.
5	A brand spanking new grocery store with a tavern inside that has 36 different beers on tap. Could a grocery store be better than this?  I think not.
5	Hellllloooooo, Whole Paycheck!I braved the crowds - I survived the parking lot (in and out) and the newest Whole Foods is open in my hood.Sure - the store is comparable to every other WF I've been in. The bar is NOT. Helllloooooo, 20 Highland Tavern! 36 beers on tap - 26 of them local. And tables and TVs and foods and happy hour!  Yup - I'll end up here far more than my budget wants me to.I regret not going for the WAY discounted and amazing looking salmon and ahi. I cheer myself for jumping in on the $9.99/lb choice NY strip steaks - cut to order. They are beautiful!Welcome to the hood, Whole Foods. We're destined to spend a whole lot of time together, and I really hope I get that raise at work. SOON.
5	So three half filled bags and $100 later....I came here the night of the grand opening and it was exactly what I expected. Chaotic. I almost got run over twice in the parking lot!No. I don't mean that it was chaotic in a negative way. There was just A LOT of people there. Inside and out.What I didn't expect was this:I came at the end of the day and the store had of course been busy from the moment they opened, yet the store was spotless. It was perfectly clean, no messes, spills, things out of place. It was perfect.The staff who I'm sure had all been rigorously worked from the time they clocked in were warm, friendly, smiling, eager to help, and surprisingly, for the first day, knowledgeable about the products and where they were located in the store.Now I do expect a lot from Whole Foods, but I also expected that for the first day at a brand new location that I would need to be a bit more lenient in my expectations. There was really no need to though.The staff all seemed like seasoned pros and it was much appreciated.I can't wait to go back, but will do so in a few weeks when it has calmed down and I don't have to worry about some yoga loving mom mowing me down in the parking lot on her way to grab some quinoa and kombucha for lunch. Namaste.
5	I LOVE this particular Whole Foods! Went on opening day and the store looks amazing. All of the employees were super friendly and helpful; Had a fantastic juice @ The Squeeze- Clarissa & Casey were upbeat & very knowledgeable while helping me choose the right juice (my first one). Great experience- Will definitely drive the extra 10 minutes to come here rather than the one by my house!
1	I decided to go check out the new Whole Foods that just opened up near me. I wanted to just give it a chance and see how it was.Within 30 seconds, I think I saw pretty much every hippie/yuppie stereotype there is. I was surrounded by smug, sense-of-entitlement-having, rude, wannabe bohemians, standing out in the middle of the aisles in everyone else's way. I said "Excuse me, please" to one of them and got looked at like I'd accosted them somehow. . Remember that South Park episode where people are sniffing their own farts blissfully? It was that episode right here in real life. It was like an Onion article. It was surreal in its sheer blatant personification of everything annoying about, for lack of a better term, liberal elitism, and I say this as a liberal who loves free range and organic food. There's still a part of me that's a hippie at heart, and I'm horrified at how this place bastardizes everything about that and makes it clownish and corporatized.I thought maybe I'd get a beer. They were charging $10.99 a FOUR pack for some of them! Most of the 6-packs that are around 6.99 - 7.99 at Total Wine were at least $2 higher here. They had a guy checking inventory and I flat out told him I'd be going to Total Wine instead due to these prices. He ignored me. The lettuce was $3 each, and the avocados $1.50 each. Everything I looked at was exorbitantly overpriced. It's like, take WalMart and flip it around to it's most extreme opposite, and you get Whole Foods. Holy fuck, man...Fuck everything about Whole Foods. I never want to go in there again.
5	it's finally happened. i've found true love.sorry whole foods on tatum and shea-it was nice while it lasted, but a new hottie has moved in up the block and i can't get enough.ok, real talk. i was able to restrain myself from going on opening day, but i could only hold out so long and broke down on day 2.  AND I WENT TWICE. IN ONE DAY. and ONCE TODAY. so i've been 3 times in the 3 days they've been open. ugh. yes, i love it that much. the sushi! the miles of baked goods! oh the rows and rows of meat! glorious meat! alcohol as far as the eye can see! and did i just see someone walking around the store with a beer?  oh, what a beautiful day it is to have a whole foods in the neighborhood.of course it's totally packed and chaotic since i think everyone in the biltmore area is just as amped as i am to finally have a whole foods in the hood, but that's to be expected.  this is a beautiful, huge store, with every awesome food item you could ever want and people want to check it out. i don't blame them!  even with all of the people milling around, the employees were insanely friendly-i must have been asked if i needed help a least 20 times while i was there. if you're not into crowds, i suggest you wait a bit until all the fuss dies down to go. then go and shop! shop to your yuppie heart's content!
5	As I was checking out in the express lane with my 12 items, I told the cashier "This is exactly what this area has been needing" and she said "That's what everyone has been saying!" So I am not alone in thinking that this is not only a wonderful store, but a very practical addition in an area that has had a dearth of grocery shopping options until now. I actually live downtown but it is the closest quality grocery store to me now, plus it serves people in Arcadia, the Biltmore corridor, and most likely even some people from North Scottsdale will venture down to the new one because they are tired of the crappy service at the one on Tatum and Shea. In other words, smart move, Whole Foods!The store itself is a gleaming masterpiece of modern grocery store design. The aisles are large enough to navigate with ease, and they have every hippie, healthy food product you can imagine. I may even come here for lunch/dinner some days because they have alcohol and pizza/sandwiches! I couldn't be happier about this store. (Hint: come early in the morning or late at night if you don't like crowds)
3	Like, oh my god, a Whole Foods! I've, like, never seen one of these before! Oh, except the one at Tatum & Shea, where everyone's nasty. Hold on a second, dodging a yuppie and an overextended old dame who don't seem to care I exist.This store totally was what this area needed! Like, there's a Trader Joe's next door that has been there for years but ugh...SO old hat. And the Fry's across the street that offers an entire organic section along with organic produce? Yeah, right.I was totally one of the first ones to snap a picture of the building of this place, because I know everyone cares when they're building a Whole Foods. Now that it's open, I can take credit for it because I was one of the first to snap its picture on my iPhone!ANYWAY, this Whole Foods is like no other one ever made!!!!!!! Unless you count the one on Mayo blvd, the one in Chandler, and every other Whole Foods (I don't)It's totally worth killing pedestrians in the parking lot to be able to get a parking space here and partake of all the fine treasures on the bar (that mostly isn't even organic) at 8.49/lb. that I could make at home with organic ingredients in 10 minutes for a quarter of the price! TOTALLY worth the convenience and being able to hang with my brahs and babes who "get it."Well, if you'll excuse me I'm going to go to Scottsdale and make some fake smiles and network or be a socialite or what-evs. Ta TAA! ;) :P
3	Whole Foods Market is top notch and top dollar. It's like a foodie Garden of Earthly Delights that doesn't disappoint in making you meander through it's maze of produce, dairy, meat, and various other counters where you are distracted at every corner by the larger loop that offers prepared noshing and nomming. Frankly, I love Whole Foods for the Tavern and eating in section and specifically this new location with the fresh fish slanging stand. Otherwise, I find that Whole Foods equals whole paycheck and not necessarily for increased quality except maybe in the form of meat and fish, there are man more comparable groceries that offer amazing quality for prices that make some sense. Whole Foods has that whole sex appeal of being some place that demands you spend and for someone like me it's more a place to snag a couple speciality products or a beer but not the place to do the down and dirty grocery shopping necessary to sustain my food loving lifestyle.
5	I walked in and felt like I had disappeared into a land of magical food, where anything was possible! Like a gluten, sugar and dairy free chocolate coconut dessert, the same ones I make at home, because I've never found them! They have it all, a juice bar, tasty testers, a real bar and great lighting! Fuck this place is awesome! I could stay lost in there all day.....sigh...
5	This place is amazing. I love the bar and restaurant in it. It's a great place to stop in for a drink and a snack while your other half shops. ;)
4	This Whole Foods is smaller than many other WF's I've been to but it's new, clean, and sufficiently stocked...for now. I think the parking lot is too small for it. The bar inside is a neat addition with daily drink/food specials. I rarely ever buy anything from Whole Foods. I just like to walk around feeling important as if I've done something with my life allowing me to afford buying groceries here (none of these is true). I then hopped over to TJ's next door to get what I actually needed.
4	I always like Whole Foods. Some are better than others, but it's never a disappointing experience.I love that this store sells ROCQ macarons - so delicious! And reasonably priced. The bakery also has a good selection of bread loaves - more varieties available than many of the other stores in the Phoenix/Mesa area.I really like the bar aspect of this store, though the recent opening has made it a bit too busy for me to try. I'll wait until things become less chaotic.Staff is friendly and helpful. I do think the store is a bit small and cramped, but it's well stocked, so I can't complain too much. Overall, very nice.
5	Love how Trader Joe's and Whole Foods are right next to each other, because I can find everything I want and even things that I didn't know that I wanted in the same parking lot.  I absolutely love how fresh many of the offering are, and how much organic stuff they have.
5	Like others living in downtown-midtown Phoenix, I am attracted to this Whole Foods like a moth to a lightbulb. Like a mosquito to a Blood Drive truck. Like a bee to a jar of honey. It was well worth the wait and I am thrilled to report that the wait had been well worth it! It isn't as large as the monstrosity in North Scottsdale, but still contains everything we need and want: espresso bar, salad bar, wine/beer bar, and juice bar. Also included organic cereal bars. It raises the bar of grocery store shopping experience too!
2	I wanted to love this store.  I live nearby...I am always looking for fresh produce.   "Fresh" is the issue.   On my first trip, I bought a giant avacado and a bunch of kale.  The next day, the kale was rotten.  I chalked it up to improper handling.  I stopped in a couple of days later for a container of (triple washed) arugula.   Took it home, opened it and it was ALSO ROTTEN.   I returned it that afternoon.  No problem reversing the charge.   But they had no answer for why produce purchased well within the expiration date should be rotten.    And remember the avacado?   Also rotten.  Do you see a pattern?  Buyer beware.
3	If you are all about organic, this is the place for you.  Huge variety of fresh foods and organic brands available, however, some at a higher price compared to other stores around the area. There is everything you can think of in this location, bakery, cooked foods, wine and bar, coffee and espresso bar and even smelly fish in the front by the entrance.  I'm on a budget, so there's only certain items I would actually purchase at Whole Foods.  I will still stick to my farmer's market and other stores to get most of my veggies and fruits but will go to Whole Foods for those unique items and brands.
5	Whole Foods is so awesome! I absolutely love it here! It's one of the few places I know where I can get products that are vegan and GMO-free. If you go to their bar, order the vegan burger, so delish. Whole Foods is big on organic and supporting local business, and the few people who complain about Whole Foods and their pricing, I found are uneducated about the importance of supporting local and boycotting GMO's. I can't get enough of Whole Foods!!
1	This review is specifically about the bakery.  I purchased three different flavors of the mini cheesecakes, vanilla bean, coffee and cookie for $1.79 to $1.99 each for my husbands birthday.  These were the worst example of cheesecake we have ever eaten.  The flavor is waxy and taste of chemicals and there is no different flavor between any of the three.  Will not purchase again, expected so much more.
5	This place is soooo awesome!!! When I first stepped in it smelled so good. The people where so nice! Shout out to Ryan in the deli!!!! He had all the answers to my weird questions. I learned a lot. The people there are so nice. Everyone greeted me and asked me if I was doing well. Love this place an it's really not expensive if you know what to look for. I will be defiantly be coming back again. I had a great experience and if I could give it more stars I would!
5	My favorite Whole Foods location by far!They make fresh bread at this location daily and have the best selection of ready to cook foods.
4	I did it, I broke my solemn vow...  I braved the self-absorbed yuppies and the tanned and coiffed mommies in $100 Lulu Lemon yoga pants who've never broken a genuine sweat in their lives (Bikram yoga doesn't count, bitches!) and I went into Whole Foods with my husband and toddler.  Previously I'd publically vowed that I wouldn't be caught dead in there.  Well, curiosity got the best of me and not surprisingly it was packed elbow to elbow with other curious shoppers.  But OH MY GLOB, it was dazzling!!   I was drawn in by the siren song of a bakery case filled with desserts too pretty to eat and prices high enough to deter you if you decided they were pretty enough to eat after all, and a salad and prepared foods section too varied and ginormous to describe, and a seafood and meats section across one wall, beckoning us with thick cut bacon, and exotic fishes and beautiful, marbled cuts of meat.  And the cheese section?  The mind boggles.  It was all too much!  I'm not exactly a bona fide gourmand so when the very helpful employee behind the seafood counter cheerfully offered me a free sample of the prepared seaweed salad I politely accepted it and took a tiny bite, immediately regretting it and wishing there was a discreet trash can where I could spit the green, slimy, masticated glob of seaweed out of my mouth.  I gritted my teeth and swallowed.  (And yes, in case you were wondering, it was EXACTLY like that kind of a swallow.) Finally, I spied a package of small, bakery-made, vanilla Whoopie Pies over in the bakery area.  Unhealthy, fattening and uniquely American:  It speaks my language!  In addition to the Whoopie Pies we also picked up some French cookies from the bakery, two small boxes of pasta salads from the salad/cold food bar, and a bottle of house wine on special; a sour and dry Moscato, that tasted nothing like any Moscato I've ever had and I hated it, immensely.  Our total bill was about $50 for the 5 items, and we carried out our little grocery bag with $50 worth of groceries to our car.  Looking around the parking lot it appeared that we really were out of our element sporting a pro-life bumper sticker on one side of the back window, and the thrash Rivet band; Ministry bumper sticker on the other side, in a sea of Prius' with Obama '12 bumper stickers, and Subarus with World Wildlife Foundation stickers and ski racks.  Clearly, we are NOT their signature clientele.  Would I go back?  Probably.  This is definitely the place to get that hard to come by ingredient for a special recipe.  But I'd only venture back with a bigger wad of money and healthy dose of cynicism for the image Whole Food's target demographic exudes about their 'healthy' lifestyle in mind, body and spirit.  *snorts heartily*   Oh,  and remember those Whoopie Pies I bought at this veritable mecca of health food???   They ended up being the most unhealthy, butter dripping, sugary deliciousness I've eaten since I was a carefree little kid with a stomach of iron.  In fact they were SO disgustingly delicious and fattening that I could only tolerate a sliced off quarter of one per day, otherwise I literally felt greasy and queasy.  Bravo, Whole Foods, it appears we are not so dissimilar after all!
4	I am happy that we have a new Whole Foods in Phoenix. My review is of the Allego Coffee Bar this little spot is great for coffee. I stopped in to get the Camelback Breakfast Acai Bowl. There was only one barrista working the station and she was making drinks and working the cash register. Even though she was trying her best this system was not working and when it came to my order she wrote out the code for me and advised that I would need to pay for it at another register which was the farthest one from the coffee area. While the counter person was preparing my Acai bowl there were 5 people now in the line; finally someone came over to assist her in this area. I had previously visited this location two days earlier and this spot was just as busy so the only thing I can think of is there should be 3-4 people working this area two to take orders and two making the orders or one person taking orders and two preparing.The Acai bowl was good but a little too soupy for my liking, due to the almond milk being blended into the frozen pureed acai pack. I will try this bowl again soon to see if it was just a one off experience. I can say that the price of $6.95 is spot on for the portion size; and I look forward to visiting the Allegro Coffee Bar at Whole Foods for many mornings to come I will just get there right as they open if I am in a hurry.
5	I am sooooo happy that they have a whole foods in Phoenix. Yayyyyy   I usually travel to Scottsdale for whole foods.. nopee. Not no more! Great Customer service and great fresh products here. Loveeee their spinach here.  Fresh, crisp and big :)
3	Being a person who likes to visit Whole Foods and Costco at any opportunity I'm in a new city, this new WFM location is, frankly, a bit meh. For as much as the chain invests in R&D and implementation of lighting that highlights the appeal of their goods, I find myself feeling like I'm in kind of a tarted-up Basha's. Granted, the next closest location at Tatum and Shea is probably smaller, but I actually like the service and quick-in-and-out convenience. (Moreover, it's in the same shopping complex as Penzeys, another favorite stop of mine.) I think the problem with this store is that it is just big enough to be less convenient, yet too small to be comprehensive (cf. the Mayo Blvd. location). Also, there is not a comprehensive, mainstream grocery (e.g., Fry's Marketplace) nearby to allow for near one-stop shopping. Of course, this last point is not WFM's fault, but it is a another factor that lessens the appeal of shopping there, at least for me.Service has been universally mediocre on my visits (people at the coffee, bakery, and meat counters studiously avoided making eye contact or interaction of any sort), but this issue is probably one that will go away with time and training.
5	Thank the universe that Whole Foods finally opened close enough to me that I can enjoy their treats on the regular.I used to hit up the Paradise Valley location and I have to say, I dig this one more for several reasons.  First off, let's talk about their lunch options.  They have the usual pizza stuff, a sandwich area, Asian food items (hot and sushi items), and the Wokeria.  I'm a huge fan of the Wokeria because I can get a healthy and filling lunch for six bucks.  Basically you get a bowl and fill it to your hearts content with all the veggies they have out, you pick a sauce (Asian fajita, Coconut curry mole or a tomatillo based sauce), you pick your starch (brown rice, white rice, cilantro lime rice or soba noodles) and then they wok it up for you.  If you want meats (steak, chicken, faux meat or one other I can't recall...maybe pork?) they'll cost you two dollars extra each.  They have a great juice bar that greets you as you walk in, a smoothie/coffee bar and they even have a bar in the back.  What?! Yeah, I said it. All of the employees are super rad and helpful (and most of them are super hot...let's be real here).  I've always been a fan of their local goods, and the newest addition to the Whole Foods family doesn't disappoint.
5	There's more than everything you ever needed in here. You can pretty much each food from any country for lunch and then go have a drink at the ball. What else do you need in life?
4	Finally. I used to work in PV and there was a whole foods right up the block from me. I loved it. It was a great place to get anything and everything healthy. Well now one has finally made it to cenpho and I couldn't be happier. I love the bakery. They have pretty good macarons! Great dense bread for when I make bruschetta, or my cioppino. Speaking of, they have an amazing selection of seafood. I seriously have no issues finding fresh anything. And the cheeses, oi vey, so many. You kind of know walking in that you are probably going to pay a smidge more. And not that it's any better quality than what trader joe's might have, it's just more expensive. They have a really decent selection of craft beers in the fridge. But with total wine across the street you'd be stupid to buy from here. I have found a brew or two that I didn't see at total wine though. :)Great place to grab lunch in the prepared food section!
5	I don't know how you could NOT like Whole Foods.  It really is the only store of it's kind here.  I don't shop here for everything , but I do come here on a regular basis.  The staff is allways friendly and helpful, what more could you ask .
5	When you're at the juice bar, say hi to Debbie. She's a real peach....or beet? Not sure when it comes to juicing.I spent a lot of time in this store while visiting Phoenix, AZ for two weeks.  It was in the same plaza as my hotel which made my life EASY!  Hotel life is rough when it comes to meal time!!The staff was always so helpful and ridiculously kind.  One employee spent 15 minutes with me looking for chocolate covered acai berries.  We discovered they don't exist in this particular location.  Every station I would visit was great.  I'd be willing to spend my whole paycheck here if I was a resident of this neighborhood.
5	On our way through Phoenix on our way to Fountain Hills, we stopped off here to stock the hotel fridge with healthy foods. The product selection was impressive and the craft beer bar was beyond impressive. This is a great Whole Foods.We found everything we needed, tried some new brands, and got some prepared foods for dinner. Really nice salad options -- truly everything you could want -- and a good array of soups. Lots of items for vegetarians, which makes us happy.
1	This is specifically for the buffet not the store..I've tried the breakfast buffet twice now and the dinner buffet twice and every time the food is cold, stale, and flavorless. We live down the street from Whole Foods so I keep trying the buffet with hopes that it will improve because it would be such a convenient option for my family, but every time it's been bad. So save your money or stick with their freshly made foods, juice bar, or coffee shop. Stear clear off the buffet. It's overpriced and just not good. The salad bar looks fresh too, so i would probably recommend that instead as well.
5	This is the mother of all Whole Foods- at least of the ones I've been too. I understand that this location is fairly new and it shows in all of it's glorious, aesthetically pleasing amazingness.They have your WF standards-beautiful produce selection with a setup that makes you want to buy vegetables and fruits you don't even know how to cook and/or eat. It has your salad bar, olive bar, deli, mini pizzeria, cheese shop, smoothie bar-the gang's all here. What makes it stand out is the actual bar inside of the market. I know, back up. There's a bar in this WF. Drinks, snacks, but no windows which is unfortunate because the parking lot would be a great source of entertainment to the barflies. Why? Because this WF shares a lot with Trader Joe's. Ultimate parking lot throw down. Nothing like the hordes of gluten-free, vegan masses descending on the traditionally small lots of both stores and clashing like the Greek gods they think they are. Instead of tritons and thunderbolts they use Priuses and recyclable bags full of tempeh.Anyway, minus the sh-tshow parking lot, this is a fantastic Whole Foods that I'm excited to go back to!
5	This is a great and gorgeous new Whole Foods.  We've been waiting for this location to open for a while now, and it's finally here.  Now that we're a few months into it's existence things it's becoming a huge staple in my life.  The buffet in the prepared foods area is HUGE.  I used to shop at the Tempe store (and I hate the PV store) and the size and amount of food in the prepared foods area is astounding.  Having the juice bar in the middle of prepared food and produce is kind of ingenious.  No one has to leave the store to get their juice and it's right by the product.  I feel like the produce area is smaller than some of the other WFM stores, but that could just be a layout issue.  I love the new freezers and fridge cases.  The cheese/deli is kind of small but packs a bunch with great product.  Ridiculous amounts of awesome ciders, gluten free beer, craft beer, and wine.  20 highland tavern is a nice touch.  I love it.  And I love being able to get all my shopping done at T&C.  With trader joes and WF right next to each other, my life is made much easier.
3	I don't understand the hype. I never visited a Whole Foods until I moved to Phoenix. This store was my first Whole Foods experience. People go cuckoo for this place! Particularly my lady... she loves this effing place. Why?... That's an actual question because I don't get it. We've come here for:Hot food - I've tried a lemon chicken Chinese bowl (okay). Another time I made a pay by the pound dinner with brussel sprouts, mac and cheese, chicken and lentil rice. The brussel sprouts were good, the rest were just okay. It can get pricey when paying by the pound too. Groceries - Some cool stuff, but I don't think there was anything that I couldn't get elsewhere. Bakery things - I've had two slices of cake from the bakery and didn't like either of them.Beer and wine - They have a decent selection. I liked how they had the Rate Beer ratings posted for some of the brews. They have a juice bar. Is that what it's called? This area where they defile fruits and veggies. On one of our visits, my lady had them make her one of those nasty looking ground up vegetable drinks *shudder*... If that's your thing, more power to you, but I'll take my fruits and veggies unsquished please. Seeing this spectacle grosses me out every time.  My assessment: I can get pretty much everything they offer at Whole Foods from other places for less money. Am I missing something? Hey, the Emperor isn't wearing clothes!
5	I am generally a sprouts shopper, but I will say, this store and it's staff are amazing. I ordered a smoothie my first time in and the woman behind the counter made me the most amazing green smoothie. It was worth every penny.
5	Love Whole Foods, been to many around the US and I see no difference here. Get's crowded, but at least they're not Walmartians.
5	Whole foods- not the average grocery store!I usually go to the whole foods closer to home on Scottsdale rd south of the 101.  When this whole foods opened by my work I didn't think much of it. Right by trader joes??? Weird!One day I decided to stop in for lunch and see what I could find for something different.  Usually I get a salad at true foods or the Starbucks protein plate... I walked in and saw the juice bar right next to a huge selection of washed and cut fruit- perfect!  I grab a square filled with strawberries, mango, kiwi, and blueberries for $4.99. But I'm hungry for food not only fruit! Then the holy grail of grab and go lunch: the sushi station in the back left corner. Amazing beautiful packaged rolls made daily.  They have beautiful and fresh sashimi, rainbow rolls, spicy tuna, vegetarian, you name it!!! My favorite right now is the poached salmon roll (7.69) and the cucumber avocado roll($5.99). I've  tried so many of these and every time the rice is perfect and the nori melts in your mouth. This is the first grab and go sushi I've ever liked at ALL!So now that you can tell I'm at wf all the time I will share the last best secret of this spot: bulk cookies and candy.  A mix and match dream- like an adult sweet factory that is half cookies!  I get the pink sprinkle shortbread cookies, and the local glazed lemon cookies, or the vegan peanut butter cookie.  So I'll grab one of each of those cookies plus like 5 gummy bears and it's like $1!! Small and yummy with variety (not pigging out on a pack of Oreos.)Lastly, the drink cooler has some unique organic chilled teas and sodas.  I've tried a peach vanilla soda, an organic sparkling blood orange soda, and my favorite the synergy kombucha!  Fermented tea is so good for your liver and they have a great variety of flavored kombucha like guava goddess, or strawberry serenity.  Do not shake the drinks tho!  The live drink has major floaties but that's good!  Those guys do the heavy lifting in your liver.Seriously, be me and get a poached salmon roll, 3 cookies and a kombucha tea!
5	Stopped in to find a specific herb for my sis.  Whole foods was the only ones that carried fenugreeek and thankfully, we were in that area.  Found someone to help us straight away, as the vitamin and supplement area is extensive, but had to push through a line of people waiting to see Fabio, who was scheduled to make an appearance for his new drink mix. It was horrible of me but I giggled my way out of the store, asking my mom if she was sure that she didn't want to stay for Fabio. Whole foods is a little high priced but consistent and trustworthy.
5	I love this store. Everything you need and more. The restaurant/bar is awesome! Today we had vegetable rolls and spicy crab California roll. Really good!!!! Now time for grocery shopping :-)
4	I've lived in the valley for 8 years and this was my first time at a Whole Foods Market (sad, I know)!  This location recently opened which happens to be very close to my work.  I went with a co-worker for lunch and was able to eat on the outdoor patio.  The hot and cold bars had anything you could imagine.  On Wednesday's the also offer $2 off per lb.  I ate from the hot bar and my co-worker ate from the salad bar, we were both admiring each others food the whole time!  We walked around the store after lunch, it was set up very nice and we both enjoyed looking at the different/unusual products they had to offer. I will definitely be back for lunch again!
4	I do understand the hype!  This place is definitely not for the average shopper. It's a a trend setting hipster store that's beautiful on the outside and inside.  Their eateries range from pizza, sandwiches to BBQ, a big ass salad bar and some asian dining, you can't go wrong.  I'll admit, that I dont buy groceries here because they are quite expensive, but regardless still a pretty cool environment. They also have two different juice type bars when you walk in so you've got to try both.
5	This is the coolest, most health-conscious consumer friendly store there is. It's also brand new. It has tons of organic, eco-friendly products, and there is a wide selection (unlike the Trader Joe's next door). You can shop at Whole Foods for all your groceries (unlike Trader Joe's). They also have a separate area for coffee drinks, juicing bar, pizzeria, bakery, salad bar, sandwiches, and multi-cultural prepared cuisine. There is a specific register set up for this side of the store (cool!). The sandwich bar is even made of re-purposed corks!Only a few downsides.1. Price2. Allowance of Caramel Color while outlawing others (Trader Joe's is guilty too). There is no store that is against caramel color yet. That is sad.I love Whole Foods, and it was very refreshing to find out the store was opening up in the heart of Phoenix. I wish I could shop there after about a year of going, but it gets too pricey for me and my wife and baby. We still stop by for certain things at times, and completely recommend the store to anyone.*Get the Straus Ice Cream. o_o;*And the Liberte Coconut Yogurt.*Sandwiches there are awesome and only around $8.*So much variety of organic produce!!
1	Whole Foods, Whole Foods, what can I say?  I had high expectations for your salad/hot foods bar, but your quality has gone downhill.  Last weekend, I went in at around 4pm to your hot food bar to get a late lunch/early dinner.  However, I saw that the food there was the same as what had been sitting there since around 11am (when I went in to grab a juice, which was delicious and FRESH, by the way).  Nonetheless, I grabbed some anyway as I was hungry.  After eating, I went home, and that was when I started to feel sick....very sick.  For the price of a fancy meal at a restaurant ($14.95), I expected better!!!
3	They have the best prepared salads but I just can't see spending such outrageous prices just for the Whole Foods Experience...which is shopping among pretentious, arrogant, tree-hugging snobs that are rude and obnoxiously unfriendly...I'll shop in Marin for that!!!
2	I am giving my review on today's experience.  Normally on Wednesdays I will get a salad by the pound or go to the Mongolian BBQ area for 8 bucks.  Today I decided to get a sandwich instead. I chose pretzel bread, a few meats and some other things.  First off the pretzel bread was probably some of the worst and most dry pretzel bread I've ever had.  You want it to be soft hot and a little chewy.  Mine was dry, rock hard, and crumbling all over the place.  Some parts even hurt my mouth when taking a bit it was so jagged and crusty.  The cheese wasn't really melted and in this weird in between phase of cold and melted, the girl put the mayo on the sandwich before she put it on the grill which didn't make any sense to me and I had to specify I would like to add my lettuce, tomatoes and other veggies after it had been heated up.  Other wise she would have put the whole thing on the grill at once?? For the price of it I was extremely unsatisfied and it was the first bit of "bad food" I have gotten from whole foods.  I should probably stick to the things I'm used to next time.
4	Need a quick and health lunch.  This market has a lot of great choices.  From hot bar salad bar,  pizza, sandwiches, sushi, Chinese food and much more.  Great alternative to fast food.
4	Alright so this place wins. It wins the prize for the most expensive grocery Market in The Valley. If there is a higher priced one, I have not been there yet.Although, it has not stopped me from going here. Every time I do ,I say why??Yes, they have a lot of amazing ,pure ,and healthy foods. Yes, the store is clean and you can find anything you could ever want here as well.If you are too tired to cook anything you can come here and get anything you want , cooked and ready to eat, or take it home and heat it up.Loads of fresh fruit and vegetables, as well as anything else your heart could desire. You get .10cents off for each bag you bring in. There is lots of parking in the lot. They are in the same parking lot as Trader Joe's which seems a little odd. But, that is major comp. there.It certainly is worth a visit.
5	This is easily the best Whole Foods, especially for prepared food. Huge fresh prepared food area with hot and cold bars and a lot of choices. Big selection in grocery section too.
3	Not as many samples as my old whole foods back home. Don't feel like I've ate my fill after shopping. Not 'merica enough for me haha.It does have a hipster watering hole, as in a bar with all of their favorite brews on tap and beards, beards everywhere. There is also a cute little eat-in spot by the cafe which wont kill your budget.It's expensive, as usual, but does have all of the organic, vegan, and gluten-free products that we have come to expect from whole foods.
5	Not all Whole Foods are alike - this one is great! I am so glad they built this just 5 minutes from my house because I don't care for the location on Tatum and Shea. The wok bowl station rocks! A great deal for $8! Their orange chicken is delicious - their juice bar is great - the sandwiches they make are tasty. Their produce is really great- mostly organic and local and a lot of variety and some specialty items.They also have a great bulk foods section that is reasonably priced.The staff are usually really helpful and friendly.The "restaurant/bar" in the front corner of the store is surprisingly good as well. Great draft beers and their turkey burger is awfully yummy.If you haven't been to THIS Whole Foods, take a stop by sometime.
1	I was excited to hear about the new location, since I only trek out to Tatum/Shea about once a year because of the distance.  But it was a disappointment.  BTW, the one on Tatum/Shea is much better than this one on 20th Street.There is a bad, sour smell in the whole store like rotting meat and/or produce.  The last time I smelled that smell was in 2001 when the current Safeway location on McDowell and 7th Street used to be a Southwest Marketplace store.  The produce section is small and all the lettuces and greens looked limp and wilted.  They were out of arugula (Organic Girl brand), but even Basha's always has some on hand (especially the Basha's at 7th St. & Osborn).  I did notice the smug liberal elitists ("SLE's") with their sandals, baggy clothes, no makeup, no deodorant, no bras, and REALLY bad hair (I guess it's the Hurricane Katrina look - or the mental ward look they are going for - done and done!).  I wonder WHY they are smug?  What are they thinking is so great about themselves?!  That they know how to spell "organic"?  Instead, they SHOULD BE EMBARRASSED that they pay too much for groceries for no good reason!  I guess their budgets are still intact, however, because they obviously don't spend any money on clothes, shoes, makeup, deodorant or hair brushes -- so it all evens out I guess.  Maybe that SMELL in the store is its typical customers...Prices:  cra cra!  Horizon organic milk carton - DOUBLE the price I can get the exact same product for at Basha's. I like Sprouts better.  I'm glad Whole Foods had a supplement section (as they always do), but I can also get the same supplements at Sprouts or on Amazon without having to endure the "tudes" of the SLE's (SEE paragraph #3 herein).I think I will stick with Basha's, COSTCO and Sprouts for all my food needs and Amazon for most of my supplements.I will probably go again in about a year to see if Whole Foods has cleaned up their act.  But I think now that so many regular grocery stores and Sprouts carry most of the same stuff WF's does (AND FOR LESS MONEY), there's just no common sense in going to Whole Foods.  Whole Foods is becoming a bad joke.
5	Love the bar.  20 local beers on tap, plus about 15 more from elsewhere.  PIZZA is off the HOOK, lemme tell ya.  I had a cheese board one day too,  it was great.   You can stop off here after work,  down some suds,  shop for some more to bring home with you, it's great!!
4	CRONUTS!!!that is all (microwave them for a few seconds to make them even MORE delicious)
5	I love this location. I love the salad bar, the hot food bar, the wine selection, and everything in between. Definitely my favorite location in the valley. Being in the same complex as Trader Joes, Snooze, and Yogurtology doesn't hurt either.
4	I was so happy to find this market, and I looked for one before I went to Phoenix, as I like to buy food for myself in a place I can trust when I am on vacation.  This location was easy to find, and on my way out of town.  I found the Beyond Meat I was craving, and even some new products for the Engine 2 diet that I didn't know existed.
4	My bedtime is about 8:30 so why was I shopping at 9:30 a half hour drive from home?  Because I rarely get to that part of town and I wanted ice cream.  Specifically Sweet Republic and McConnell's.  I did pick up an artichoke to balance things out.  Also I had just dined a few steps away at Grassroots.I have now been to all three Whole Foods that are each about 1/2 hour drive from home.  No wonder I am impressed with this brand new store.  Looking around I see lots of cabinetry built by one of my customers.  Really nice to see the stuff built by my customers in its final environment.  Still not as big as my first Whole Foods at Town Center in Vegas but certainly a huge improvement over Tatum and Shea.  I wasn't looking for macarons that night but I spotted them and may find my way back just for some. ;)
4	We love Whole Foods Wednesdays! They have a good selection for the food bars but it seems like one of the things I get kind of upsets my stomach, so I try to limit going there. Everything else is amazing!!
5	I go to this 20th St location for the juice bar - $7.00 for a 16 oz juice.  High 5 for the juice bar.  They've got those extractors spewing out fruit and veggie essence from opening at 7:00 AM through to the night.  Pick your own or have them concoct some veggie medicine for you.  Also, occasionally I'll dip into the hot food bar like when they offer jackfruit, meatloaf, kale salad, baked squash, or any other tasty dish that doesn't push canola oil.Funny how I used to burn $$ at WF once a week when I lived eastward and would lug stuffed bags of goodies home habitually.  Now I hardly shop there because I get so much at Sprouts or other grocery chains in quality locations.
5	Great customer service, smoothies and juices are made quickly even during busy weekend afternoons. I was surprised to be offered a sample of a juice too before ordering which is something that will keep me coming back as well.
4	A beer garden in a supermarket? What a great idea!It is not too loud, dark or divey in anyway. Their beer selection is vast and often has some rare options. They even sell growlers with coozies.If you want food there is a rotating menu, and all of the ready to eat food in Whole Food can be purchased and brought in to eat. Next time you want a quality beer or just to get some groceries with quality beer gogles give this place a try.
1	I did not like the employee who served me the smoked chicken. One of those bearded millenials with an attitude. First, he never changed his glove which would not normally have been an issue, but after he scooped out too much chicken for 1/2 pound order, he dug his gloved hand into my chicken box and pulled out some and then tossed it back into the original pan. Secondly, he did not say "Your welcome" after I thanked him. That behavior led to that box of chicken being left with the detergents. It also led me to abandon another order of overpriced polenta (7 bucks for one scoop) at the register. Pay the anger forward baby.
5	Looking for something or someone healthier? First off, clientele at WH is a strange mix, but in a pretty great way. I can't help but notice there's quite a few people that aren't so hard on the eyes.That's a great plus in addition to the huge selection at Whole Foods. I love the wokeria- a bowl with tons of veggies, protein and your choice of sauce in whatever style your heart desires...bowl, burrito, noodles. Head on over to the dessert case and get yourself a pretty little fruit tart and right next to it, there's bulk candy. Scoop yourself some toffee chocolate almonds, take a few steps over and grab an iced toddy. Then get your butt out of there before you spend your life savings on the illusion of health.
3	This Whole Foods is VERY hit or miss. Depends on the time, the day, who's working re: whether you'll have a good experience. I'm been going consistently to this location since it opened, so I think I have a good take on it.The JUICE BAR staff for the most part = the best and most-caring. There are a couple duds, but they are normally phased out as time goes on. But for the most part, these guys keep it together and know what they're doing.The COFFEE/SMOOTHIE bar staff. I don't know what it is, but I've always had bad (not understanding a simple iced tea order) to train-wreck-like experiences (told the smoothie would take 20+ mins due to a small line) here. I feel like this station is pretty slack on customer service and my God the iced teas are EXPENSIVE...yeah, even for Whole Foods.DESSERT CASE...depends who is working. Some of the more experienced staff are very helpful and know what is good, and what is not. Some of the younger I-don't-care staff are just frustrating to deal with: they don't know anything about the product, they are slow to package simple items, blah. Some of the product = made in-house. Some at the big commercial factory. Ask.PIZZA DUDES are usually on top of it and run a fairly good show. Whole Foods pizza, when done right (e.g. when it's fresh and not sitting out too long) is REALLY good.SANDWICH JOCKEYS...once AGAIN, totally depends on who is working. Watch for how they slice and fit the protein/veggies/etc into your bread or wrap. It'll become pretty apparent who is good and who should not be in a kitchen.The PREPARED COLD CASE staff are usually good and I would say about 70-75% of the stuff behind the glass is quality. Some of it is over mayonnaised, over-salted, etc. Taste test it before buying and you'll be solid. The HOT TRAYS are insanely expensive but often tasty.The SUSHI STATION is usually very efficient & the sushi is pretty damn good. The Americanized Chinese food is too oily for my taste and the orange & lemon chicken is usually over-cooked. Bummer.I'm used to California Whole Foods, so the produce at this store is disappointing. Again, I was in CA for a long time and you get the best there. Here, in Phoenix, the desert, not so much. But still the veggies and fruits are better quality (and much more $$) than the El Salvadorian produce down the sidewalk at Trader Joe's.MEAT/POULTRY/SEAFOOD/ETC...depends on the day. But in general the meat & poultry is better than OK, not quite Good...*****but the WORST THING EVER!!!!! is at the end of the meat case = a few selections of potato salad type cold salads. This is a severe health code violation and I have even mentioned it to a manager, but nothing changes. Avoid or (likely) BARF!***********moving on, the seafood...well, again it's Arizona. But the shellfish trends towards bad but sometimes the salmon/swordfish steak type selections can look pretty decent.DRY FOODS same as anywhere else. Just more $.FROZEN FOODS...this might be an Arizona thing, but the frozen food selection at the Whole Foods is HUGE compared to other Whole Foods I have been to in other states. Maybe it's to fill space since the produce section is so small?CHEESE/CHOCOLATES section...kind of a letdown, compared to other Whole Foods. The Whole Foods in Santa Monica on Wilshire Blvd has an outstanding olive bar, and wide selection of cheeses, + a deli case that features both run-of-the-mill oversalted processed meats but also house-made roast beef and pastrami, which is often delicious. These things are not as available at the Camelback location.The AISLE STOCKERS seem fairly lazy and can usually be seen talking to each other and hanging out. I've almost been run over by a couple who can't steer their carts and/or aren't looking/paying attention.The CHECKERS here are pretty good for the most part. Usually friendly, adept and on top of their games. The BAGGERS are pretty awful so it's better to bag your own groceries (when buying a shopping cart full of stuff, that is). But the actual checkers = good at what they do and are pretty efficient. Some are All-Stars, others are meh.The MANAGERS often seem to be pretty blah about what they are doing. I've talked to a couple who were solid, but that was closer to when the store first opened, so maybe at that point there were more people from corporate around? These days, they are pretty lazy daisy about what they're doing.In short, I'm glad this store exists in my neighborhood. Even running at half steam, as this store frequently is, Whole Foods offers better product and fresher food than most of its competitors. If you shop smart & know what to look for, the experience here is far more enjoyable. I hope the Camelback Whole Foods continues to improve though; training its employees better to become specialists at their stations...rather than an "anyone can work anywhere" mentality. They can't. Not until properly trained and skilled.
4	Until recently, I hadn't ventured into a Whole Foods because I had heard it was very expensive. While the rumors are true, you can't beat the variety of organic selection you find at every location. This is one of the only places I can find paleo almond flour bread that takes amazing! Try their Curry Chicken salad - you won't be sorry. Although I do love this place, there is a reason people jokingly refer to it as "Whole Check".
3	First let me say I love that there whole foods so close to me. The store is very nice and has a coffee and juice bar. They have a deli sand which , pizza, meat counters. They have a a great salad and foods of the day bars. The prices are HIGH, and some of the selections aren't as wholesome and pure as one is led to believe. If you don't know what brands are actually legit do yourself a favor and read up. Other than that it's a nice option.
5	A wonderful place to get the nicest organic veggies, bulk grains and nuts, fresh bread, fresh flowers, natural pharmacy items and restricted-diet-friendly foods.  Watch out for high prices on fresh seafood, non-organic (regular) vegetables, some prepared foods and non-specialty items. This location has my favorite layout and salad bar section (it's vast).  They have an excellent selection and friendly service.  My sole complaint (if you could call it that) is that the little area with tables for eating in has a giant fan on the door that'll blow air all over you every single time someone comes in or out of the store.  If you can eat outside, it's perfect.I'll admit it.  It took me a long time to come around to liking Whole Foods.  Sure, it's beautiful and clean and every single piece of produce looks like it could win a prize, but I hated feeling shafted - just look at the seriously exorbitant prices on plain old grapes or peaches.  Then, my husband and I decided to eat mostly organic for a month.  We quickly discovered that prices are pretty consistent for organic produce wherever you go, but far and away the best quality is at Whole Foods.  While we were there, we discovered that they have a wonderful selection of specialty items (calling all food freaks - if you need [insert food here]-free, they got it!).  It's a wonderful place to find variety and quality if you are trying to eat "clean" or remove something from your diet (lots of coconut-milk-based dairy alternatives, tons of gluten-free options).  The prices on these types of items are higher wherever you go, so, once again, you might as well bask in the glorious perfection (and selection) at Whole Foods. They have wonderful variety, quality and price in the bulk section! Need some organic cous cous or buckwheat, brown rice or quinoa? Grab some here! They even sell cheap mason jars to store all of these goodies.  Our pantry is packed full of them, now, and it's a beautiful and inexpensive way to store things so that you can see them! The fresh flowers and fresh bread are excellent, as is the selection of supplements and moisturizers.  In summary, I still haven't found a way to use the salad bar without feeling robbed (the convenience of eating while shopping makes this better for me), but there are some wonderful deals on quality items to be found here!
4	We love whole foods for their hot salad bar, awesome prepared food choices and killer cheese/meat selection. But 20 Highland Tavern is the highlight of this place - tons of awesome beer on tap and great food. Don't miss out on their specials or their tots. TOTS.
5	Love coming here for everything. Desserts? Amazing! Food? Delicious! Staff? Friendly and Attentive! Coffee? Yum! Juices? Refreshing! Without a doubt, stop by at Whole Foods you won't regret it :)
3	I work at the esplanade and grab lunch at this Whole Foods 3-4X/week. They have a great selection and I am still going back after several months of indulgence. My suggestions would be to have an extra person working the coffee/smoothie stand; being it takes forever to get a drink. The other suggestion would be to stock up the hot selection of "buffet" style food on Wednesdays ($2 off/lb day) the same as you stock it the rest of the week. I avoid eating there on Wednesdays being no matter what time I go there is just some crusty, dried rice left and no meats. Is this to deter people from coming in on Wednesdays or are you really that slammed that you can't keep up? All in all I'll keep coming but I'd have a more pleasant experience if these issues were resolved. Oh yeah, and stop monopolizing the healthy grocery market.
5	In all honesty, it's hard to write a bad review about Whole Foods.  I've been to many Whole Foods in my days and often visit 2 or 3 times a day.  I don't tend to grocery shop at Whole Foods so I can only comment on the prepared food section.  I often eat breakfast and lunch at Whole Foods.  The prepared food sections tend to differ by location.  The new location on Camelback is one of the more extensive selections I have seen.  They have a full salad bar with lots of options as well as 2 full sections of hot prepared food.  There's something for everyone!  This is in addition to the pizza, sandwich, sushi, chinese food, juice bar areas like all other Whole Foods.  This particular location has a great outdoor seating area if you're enjoying your lunch on location.
4	This place is good for organic produce and they have some things that are hard to find. People here are always friendly and helpful. They have one of the best selections of beer, wine, cheeses, and deli in the valley. They can be expensive but they have stuff you can't find elsewhere. I mostly shop here for organic produce when i can't get what I'm looking for from a local farmer. The tavern in the store is nice also with a good selection of beer on tap and good food. It is a nice place to hang out once in a while.
1	This is regarding the juice bar only.   As a frequent shopper of Whole Foods, I entered this location for the first time.  I started out at the juice bar to find the girl taking your order was a real B---h.  Gives you the upper eyebrow look,  talks to you in a condescending tone as though she is so much better than you. She obviously didn't want to be there and neither did I at that point.  I said to her, "never mind"  and walked away.  Once my friend arrived, we went to the juice bar together.   The employee had the same attitude, unfriendly and B-----y.  Had NO personality.  I won't be  back and I will be calling the manager to report her unnecessary attitude.
5	This is just for their pizza. They make best vegan pizza ever!!!!! It's better than the vegan pizzas I use to eat at Two Boots in LA.I don't know about the rest of the store. I never went to Whole Foods before I came to AZ...except a few times when my rockumentary employer took me out for food. This location has an exorbitant number of pretentious white know-it-all people who fake health consciousness, esp. around the peak after work hours of 6-7pm.I don't care about what people do but when 3 annoying blonde bitches in $300 yoga outfits decked out with diamond stud earrings, full makeup on, and had their hair salon did had the audacity to give me unwanted "advice" on 3 separate occasions that "Going vegan is the way to go. Get the vegan pizza- it's so healthy!!" but then they buy pizza with meat and pig out on pastries. Little do those airheaded gold digging skanks know that I've been a vegetarian since I was 11 years old and I am much healthier than their part-time gluten free ass. I'm not even allergic to gluten. I'm just allergic to annoying privileged basic white bitches who can't seem to mind their own business and keep their mouths shut.But aside from that, I continue to get slices of vegan pizzas here, albeit after 7pm.
5	This is for the smoked meat/burrito/brisket sandwhich area. Seriously- to do for! Excellent service and even better food. Quality you can't find when eating out! My husband and I love coming in for their pork burritos! The service is always exceptional as well and it's under $20 for two meals and drinks!
1	I would honestly give this Whole Foods zero stars if I could. Whole Foods was closed for the night, but my family was already inside finishing up their shopping and checking out. I had to use the restroom and went to the door, explaining that my family was inside and I needed to use the restroom, could I please come in and use it. The employees were very rude to me and said, "Sorry, we're closed and won't let you in" despite my explanation and the fact that I didn't even have money on me. This was absolutely ridiculous behavior since my parents were paying customers and already inside. This was terrible customer service and I will not return to this Whole Foods in the future.
4	I'm not going to ding them for price since they are known to compete at the highest end of the local grocery stores.  While AJ's will carry some "cheap" "normal" brands to balance things out, Whole Foods will have their relatively affordable 365 brand that seems to be of very good quality (at least the items I have tried).  Customer service here has been professional and pleasant (employees aren't "goofing around" or ignoring customers like I've seen at the Chandler Whole Foods and Central Ave AJ's).  This location is much busier than all of the other local grocery stores, with maybe the exception of the Trader Joe's next door.I am going to lower them a star for two reasons, one of which is because they don't have a "smokehouse grill" at this location.  The Chandler Whole Foods has an amazing (even when they overcooked it once) turkey burger that you can get with a huge side of tater tots, reminiscent in taste to shredded potato pancakes.  They don't offer the burger or tater tots in the in-store tavern either sadly (the tots appetizer offered at the tavern is different).This Whole Foods also doesn't have everything tagged with a price sticker (particularly seasonal items near the bakery), which is maddening, especially when the display/shelf also has no price!  On a related issue, they don't seem to be marking down all of the seasonal items either (who's going to buy a full-price chocolate Santa now?), as opposed to AJ's which had everything clearly ticketed and with large signs denoting holiday merchandise was 50% off. Overall, it's not my main grocery store (and it is a bit too far for a "quick run"), and I can go months without stepping foot inside, but it's good for specialty items, like Bubbie's Mochi ice cream made in Hawaii.
