5	Developing trust in an auto shop takes time. I have been stopping here occasionally to air up my tires over the past 2 years - it happens to be the closest shop to my house (2 blocks down the street). I went again 3 months ago to get tires balanced because of a high-speed vibration in my Camaro, and one of their techs found a loose lower ball joint and tightened it up and also advised that my driver's side wheel bearings were slightly loose (which I ended up replacing myself at home) and I really appreciated that. In an attempt to solve a handling and rattle issue in my latest car, I took it to an independent shop in Henderson which didn't go very well (see review) so I chose to bring it to the West Sahara Big O to have Woodro (the name of the tech who found the loose ball joint) look at the car. I ended up leaving the car all day and overnight to have Woodro fix the handling issues with new bushings and an alignment. This store has a $15K Hunter alignment rack and they know how to use it. Now my GTO runs straight and serious down the highway and the on-ramps feel great for a 3600 lb car. Because of Woodro's solid work I was able to isolate a rattle under the driver's side door coming from a deteriorated body mount bushing. After that is replaced, this car will be the business. Thanks to Jeff (manager), Art (service manager), Billy (tech) and Woodro for their great attitudes and help!
3	Update: Woodro is no longer a staff mechanic, he is now the Service Manager, so don't expect Woodro to be able to work on your car personally. From experience, if you need something done and don't have time to wait, either go first thing in the morning (15mins before opening) or toward the end of the day. I drive by this place all the time, and at around 4 or 5PM the garage bays are often completely empty. They're open until 7PM most days...
2	Saturday December 24, 3PMI am at Big 0 tires on W. Sahara Las Vegas.NevadaThe person working the front desk has serious attitude problems. He is rude, condescending and obnoxious. He explains that whomever was the last person to put on the tires on my truck did not follow proper procedure by hand threading the lug nuts, as a result one stud broke and two others are recommended to be replaced. I told him to replace all damaged studs. He said he would replace the stud that broke at their cost. Then I informed him that this Big 0 tire store was the last to touch the rear tires. He then back pedals and tells me that he is not responsible for "anything that does not happen on my watch" I asked him what are the odds that 3 studs would need to be replaced and what is the chance that the same person in this location did not follow "proper procedure" and all my studs are at risk of being damaged. His tone gets louder and I had to tell him not to cut me off while I'm talking. He clearly did not like it when I told him this, because other people were here listening, he did allow me to say what I needed to say. I then told him it is not the issue of a broken part. Which he has "experienced" answers to. My problem was his attitude and he needs to be better with customers. This he has no quick answer for. I told him that I had walked out once before because of his poor customer service. He said "how is that possible when he has only been there 3 weeks." I told him it was 3 weeks ago. I came in to get a quote on alignment, balance and tire rotation. But he was on the phone so long without acknowledging even I was standing in front of him. I walked out. I came back the next day to tell the store manager and the manager named  "Jeff" was knowledgeable and friendly hence, won my business. Today, this guy tells me he is just a salesman and then later he tells me he is a corporate regional manager and has worked in 6 locations in the last year. My guess he is moved from store to store because nobody wants him around. All I can say is with him in charge Big 0 are losing business....Since I wrote the stuff above. It is closing time and I have to leave with one lug short. The guy compped the whole job when he saw I was yelping. Too Late!
5	I have driven VWs for 23 yrs - they suit me & my lifestyle perfectly. Service, repairs & maintenance have ALWAYS been a problem in Las Vegas. I have used both dealerships for periods of time & then I get a crazy estimate for something simple or really not the problem. Spent 14 yrs driving 1 1/2 hrs each way to St, George for car 'stuff''. Now my 2nd VW is ten yrs old & sometimes the problem makes it impossible or risky to do that. Picked a VW repair off of Yelp two months ago and got great service. Made an appt last week: bad noise under front tire & spotting fluids. Left my car for 6 hrs, called three times. My one day off & they never touched my car!! Because this seemed serious, I agonized over where to go: gamble w/ dealership? fancy European shop that blew me off for their big ticket items? Big O on West Sahara? I have gone to Big O for years for tires, fluids, air pressure. Woodrow gave me the bad news. It was much more serious than I thought. He showed me under the car and explained carefully. A person knows the truth when they hear it. Woodrow knew exactly what he was talking about. So, the $300 I thought it was going to cost became $1000. A huge pill to swallow & I will be working overtime & extra shifts to pay this off on my credit card. But the fancy European place 'missed' all this front end trauma and it only became worse. Not Big O's fault - they were the messenger. I also know this bill would have been much, much higher somewhere else. This is funny that all along the best repair place I could have gone to was two blocks from my house...Michelle VH
5	I had an issue with a missing wheel lock when I had some repair work done on my Volvo.  Big O on West Sahara was the last shop to touch the tires.  I went there and explained that I was missing the wheel lock and they took care of my issue with no questions asked and best of all, no charge.  An added kicker, a free front end wheel balance.  Bought three sets of tires from this store.  If I need another set, they get the business.
5	this place is fantastic! professional, attentive and timely service. a walk in led to truck issue being fixed quickly and expertly so that i could continue with a cross country trip. excellent customer service and a pleasurable experience overall.
1	SCAM!!!!! DO NOT GO HERE!!!! my car was in vegas, i was out of town.  my car needed work done prior to when i got back in town, i spoke to a man named anthony who assured me that he could take my credit card payment over the phone and have it all done in no time.... the car was brought there by a friend, and when he got there, they told him there was no one by the name anthony that works there. as soon as my friend told me that,  i called, and "anthony" picked up the phone and said to come back in.  so we set it up for 2 days later... 2 days later comes and i call to make sure "anthony" is there . once again the man on the phone tells me, "no one works here with that name"  my theory is that "anthony" gave a fake name, in hopes of stealing my credit card information.  DO NOT GO HERE!  DIRTBAGS!
1	April 13, 2014 - Came in for simple brake job ($90-$130), received lies and enough shadiness to cover Vegas in Summer ($380-$420). Don't talk to Schaeffer or the fat New Yorker guy that backed Schaeffer's lie.-::FULL STORY::- So I came in with an $89 coupon to get my rear brakes done with intention of paying the extra $30 for ceramic. The rear brakes have not even started to squeal, so my rotors should be fine. Schaeffer comes back and tells me that "composite rotors cannot be cut" and that I need new rotors. Right now I know this is a little shady but I still deal because maybe the place doesn't have the correct tools to cut the rotors (Later I found that my OEM rotors are not only NOT composite, but that IT IS POSSIBLE TO CUT COMPOSITE ROTORS and only bad/fresh mechanics still face fear on composite rotors - so at the very least, if not complete liars, they're amateurs and charge a lot). Next, Schaeffer tells me that it's my front brakes that need to be replaced!! It's cleary my rear breaks! There's so much meat on my front brakes that I had to provide pictures for a comparison so any reader can partake in this total ridiculousness (granted it was probably the mechanic who told Schaeffer wrong or maybe there was a miscommunication, but one glance will tell you what's what. Amateurs.). Finally, they hit me with the price and that a slap job of putting brakes on is going to make the car "shake-rattle-and maybe roll". Just check the picture to see how smooth my rotors really are. Shaking may have happened on a slap job, but it wouldn't be to the scale they were on about. In the end, I wound up shopping around to two other places. Came up on a deal for $125 with a $25 rebate. Maybe it was because the tax day hit was on everyone's mind, but I wouldn't trust this Big-O for the time of day.To be fair, previously, in March or February, I went here to get an oil change. I forgot the coupon & the guy (about 5'5"-5'7", short black hair, a little stocky, really friendly; not the previous two involved) cut me break on that. Also, they did not have the filter and I had to wait an additional 1.5 hours but he didnt charge me for it because of the wait. So I'd give an extra half star if I could, but this mess is so unforgiveable I cannot oblige giving them of one Whole extra star.Update: This new place that checked my brakes says I'm good for another 5-6 months. I thought I needed back brakes because of something Purrrfect Auto said about 7-9 months ago. With the wheels off you can see my back brakes have a lot more meat on them than I originally thought (the shadow from having the wheels on is a bit deceiving). If anyone's interested to where I went, check my reviews. I'd rather not let these jerks have the satisfaction of having an excuse to discredit this review. Can't believe I wasted a whole work day because of these ass clowns.
5	Had a flat and went to a Big O Tires to get it fix. Front desk manager Pat was great and replace my tire and had me out the door in under 15 minutes. Great job and great crew.
4	Been here twice since I've been here in Las Vegas and I choose this place over the one at fort apache. People are friendly and care about the service they provide so I highly recommend this place if you need service to your vehicle.
1	I made a reservation for an oil change. I arrived 10 minutes early. it was quoted 45 minutes. I left this place 90 minutes later. Will I go back there, hell no. Will I recommend this place, hell yes, to my worst enemy.This is not a way to get new customers and return customers.No apology, I was told 30 minutes before I received the car keys, it will only take a few more minutes.. If I had known, I would not turned over my keys.
2	I'll keep this short and sweet, there are way too many other mechanics in town that can offer a more honest and reliable experience. Big O misdiagnosed my car, took it elsewhere and everything was taken care of with a higher skilled mechanic, at a lower price. I'm only giving them two stars because I overheard their full synthetic oil change is $50, which is a pretty good deal. Just avoid any of the other services they recommend and take it elsewhere for a second opinion.
4	What can I say. When you need tires you need them. For the first time someone took the time to explain to me why they can no longer be repaired. In our heat tires only last 3 to 4 years after that it's a plus. Mine  have lasted since 2008 so I am ahead of the game.  So when they get old and you keep repairing then they become weak and could blow out on the highway. Thanks Tom for your help and honesty.
