4	Great find. Great salads - ate here as much as I could for lunch once I found it. Perfect for those staying at the Palazzo who want an easy lunch.A great place to hang out and grab a salad for a reasonable (for Vegas) price. The flavors were simple but strong. I recommend the Chicken Cesear salad - one of the best I've had, the dressing did not overpower the flavor of the crispy chicken paillard. Also good was the Tuna Nicoise salad and Tuna Crudo.
3	It was day 2 in Vegas and we still had not yet checked out the pool.  We decided to enjoy the nice warm weather and have breakfast poolside at our hotel.  This was my first stay at Palazzo and I thought it was great that there was a restaurant right by the pool.I wanted to eat on the light and healthy side so I ordered their yogurt parfait (housemade granola parfait with yogurt and fresh berries).  Ok, so I was wrong that this item would be healthy.  They used vanilla yogurt which was sweet (I'm accustomed to using plain yogurt when it comes to mixing it w/ granola and fruit) and sweetened granola.  It was topped with various berries (blueberry, blackberry, raspberry).  Yeah, it was might tasty but not really healthy because of the sugar content.   He ordered the two egg breakfast which comprised of organic eggs (prepared to your liking), smoked  ham, and country potatoes..with a side of English muffin.  Is it just me or what...but don't English muffins typically get toasted?  Anyway, his order arrives and his English muffins were pale; skimpy on the country potatoes (looked like one small potato cut in half and then another 1/2 of a potato.  According to him, the English muffin was toasted...but I guess it was on the super light side.  Proper toasting probably was an extra fee.  Total bill before tax and tip:  $33.I don't think I'd have breakfast here again...there are so many restaurants in Vegas to try for that.
2	I was incredibly disappointed by the pool side dining at Palazzo. The food at the Station casino pools (GVR, RR) is so much better! We had pizza and a salad and both blew. Not to mention they were pricey AND we had to get up off our lounge chairs to get it ourselves.. for a $40 lunch I think they should have waitress service.
4	Great to eat lunch by the pool.  The Pizza Marinara was probably one of the better pizzas I have ever had.  The service was good, but not great.  The scenery and the food was worth it though.  If you are staying at te Venetian or Palazzo definitely give it a try.
5	Great service by the Palazzo'pool. Croque Monsieur, lobster panini and prime rib panini. Amazing. Flavors, views. Just perfect taste. Another great Wolfgang Puck's place.We went back two days in a row and we have enjoyed both time. Only tiny thumb down for me would be the calamari which were way to spicy. Second day we had the smoked salmon pizza served cold and topped with some real caviar, and the Heirloom tomato salad.
5	Bloody Mary nice and spicy! Eating Wolfgang Pucks beef sate skewers, tender and juicy! Perfect for a pre shopping bite, but will be back clad in bikini when sun arrives at one!
3	A perfectly decent poolside food option.Service was standard. The waiters were all smiles. I love when people look like they enjoy their jobs. My friend ordered the turkey club, it came with tons of fries, the sandwich was buried. I had the veggie wrap. I've had better for half the price. A tad expensive for a causal lunch by the pool.
2	While it was great eating outside in the patio area overseeing the pool, I could not say the same about the food.I had the salmon salad, which was light as expected, but a tad bit salty.  The salmon itself wasn't that great, it seemed a bit old and not fresh.
3	Decent pool side restaurant in The Palazzo. We ate here because it was convenient and I was curious to see what Wolfgang Puck was serving. Service was fine, the food was ok. Outdoor seating is a popular option on a not too scorching day but there's plenty of room indoors.  We enjoyed a fruit plate which came with a small cup of yogurt, a croissant egg sandwich which you really can't go wrong with, and eggs with chicken apple sausage. The virgin watermelon daiquiri I ordered was a bit too sweet for me, but perfect with the addition of a quarter cup of water. See photos.It's moderately priced and they have a to-go menu as well. Definitely a solid option for casual bites if you are in the area.
3	This place was definitely great, downside is that you cant get a waitress to bring you a menu while you are lounging by the pool even though you are allowed to eat by the pool. They were really slow the day I was there so they said we could order anything from there menu , not just the to go menu which was nice. We got the Angus burger and a Margarita pizza. My friend loved her burger and I loved her fries but the Margarita pizza was nothing special, it basically tasted and looked like a plain cheese pizza, definitely not impressed by that.
3	The food is nothing exciting, but it hit the spot.  After 3 overindulgent meals that left us with massive food coma each time, it was nice to eat *somewhat* healthy for our last meal.We ordered the margherita pizza, mushroom pizza, chinese chicken salad, and ahi tuna salad.  I have to say I was a bit disappointed about the margherita pizza...despite having a wood-fired oven, the dough was thick, a bit mushy and lacking the crispness I expect in this type of pizza.  The Wolfgang Puck Express at the mall in SF does a better job I think.  The mushroom pizza was a little better, and the salads were actually pretty good.  None of this is mind-blowing cuisine (after all, what do you expect from a poolside restaurant?), but it fit the bill and we were satisfied without having to be wheeled off the property.  As far as "healthy" options go, I would probably still pick this over the Canyon Ranch place.  At least we get to lounge outdoors by the pool, and we even saw Kelsey Grammer!  Not a bad choice for our final meal on our Vegas getaway.
2	Had fish taco's.  They were pretty good.  No skimping on the fish in these suckers.  They were good... not the best I've had but tasty and sat outside poolside.  My friend had the Chicken Caesar salad, which she said was pretty dry overall... not enough dressing... had to get two more sides of dressing and the chicken was grilled to death and quite dry.  Taco's don't come with any side.  You get 3 with an order.  Got a side of fries for $5... although they were pretty good fries, the huge bowl was way too much for 1 person.  Here's an idea... why not make the side an actual side and not charge $5 for them.  Oh, salsa was pretty tasted they served with the taco's.  A little bite but not too much where your mouth is on fire. The iced teas are delicious.  They are unsweetened tea but they add fruit puree.  We had peach and rasberry.  Delicious but the rasberry was kinda sweeet for my taste.  We added water and mixed them together... wha la!  Of course this was pricey... salad, tacos, side of fries and two iced teas $59 not including tip... we are in Vegas so what do you expect right?  Will probably eat here again just cuz the pool and convenience but othewise... probably not.  Was just ok.
4	This was a wonderful experience! Ordering breakfast while sitting poolside in one of the most beautiful properties in Las Vegas...doesn't get any better than that. The servers were all fantastic and the atmosphere was great. It was on the north face of the building so it was shaded and cool. Not half bad after a long night out on the strip. My boyfriend and I split the breakfast burrito and a side of potatoes. We're both originally from New Mexico and we were very impressed with the smooth guacamole and delicious pico de gallo that was included with it. I wouldn't be surprised eating something that tastes similar to this plate in Santa Fe--so if you're looking for Mexican flavor this is the way to go! It was more than enough food to split between the two of us.  The last half of our party arrived about ten minutes late and it passed the "breakfast--lunch transition" and the staff was very catering about allowing them to order off of the breakfast menu. Price was decent (especially for Vegas), service was great, and atmosphere was comfortable. Highly recommended.
2	My friend and I were looking for a quick lunch at the Palazzo and decided to try Solaro and eat by the pool.  The service was fine, but the food just OK, and I very likely would not give this place a second chance.  I ordered the fish tacos.  They were just OK and overpriced at $17.00.  I've had much, much better fish tacos at lots of places.  By buddy said his burger was just OK, too.
2	My breakfast burrito was really good and it came out correct.  Here's the issue: I was ordering right at 11am when they stop serving food for 30 min to transition to lunch.  The waitress barked at me to hurry while I was telling her my order.  I guess I was slow on a Saturday morning in Vegas.   I'm sorry about that.  Next time I will definitely wait the 30 minutes for lunch.
3	Located next to the pool at Palazzo, we came to Solaro for a quick lunch before heading out to Azure to drink more.It's a Wolfgang Puck restaurant at the Palazzo so I'm not expecting it to be cheap but $18 for a spicy tuna roll seemed just a *tad* expensive. Then $10 for three small pieces of salmon nigiri. Hmmmmm. Ok. Still, everything was very fresh and tasty so I won't hold it against them THAT much. My friends' portions seemed like much better deals. The Chinois Salad, Burger and Fish Tacos were all very large and cheaper. Oh well, I was craving sushi like none other so that's my fault. The burger was ordered rare and it came out medium well. If that had been my burger I would have been very annoyed. I like my meat bloody.The food was good but nothing special stands out. For me if a Vegas restaurant is expensive I want it to have that certain something about it whether there are naked dancers dangling from the ceiling or there is a giant pirate ship cruising past my table. It's a good option though for drunchies at the pool.
2	I was at the pool earlier and we got hungry, and my 3 year old is impatient this is only reason why we ate here. I ordered two pizzas. The girl told me it would be done in five minutes.  I pondered how is this possible, is it pre made?  I waited 15 minutes, what a waste of my time.  The pizza wasn't anything impressive either.  I had better food truck pizza made in SF.  I can't believe this is a part of Wolf Gang Puck's restaurant chain.
1	Boardwalk/Beach food.  I would not let the Wolfgang Puck name on the outside trick you into thinking you are eating anything else except pool food.  I've had better food at community pool clubs.  They were nice enough to make me a ceasar salad wrap since there were not many vegetarian options so that was a bonus but it was not good.  It was the most overpriced for mediocre food I encountered in Vegas.  Next time I'd head inside to Canyon ranch instead.
2	I am really surprised that Wolfie allows his name on this restaurant.  It is NOTHING like any another Wolfgang Puck restaurant I've eaten in.  The WP express at Gelson's are 100x better.  This food is overpriced and sub-par.  You're paying for the view and the convience, that's it. We wanted a turkey club, but were told that they were "out" of those.  Huh?  Not sure how because we ordered a turkey wrap.  That was very disappointing.  18.00 for some deli turkey, a piece of cheese, lettuce and sprouts wrapped in a flour tortilla.  The ranch served with the fries was either rancid or pure buttermilk. It was so bad. My friend had an egg white omelet, she asked for fries, but was served huge potatoes as a side.  Friends hubby had fish tacos, kids had wings and a burger.  Hummus was an appetizer and the carrots were old and stale.  Wolfie, I'm really ashamed and appalled.  You can do so much better.
