4	I'm convinced I'm not using the search function correctly because I'm shocked this place isn't on Yelp yet!!!I love Town Square.. I really do. So many fun spots to have a drink or shop.. or catch a movie.. etc. I love Yardhouse and Blue Martini, but they get so freaking packed! When I go out I'm usually not looking for a "scene". I'm looking for more of a place to relax.. have a drink.. and enjoy the company of the people I'm with. If you're looking for something similar Bar Louie might be your spot!We escaped the insane mobs at Blue Martini and stopped by Bar Louie to check out their free "luigi" (roast beef sandwich) promo. We barely made the 5-7 PM happy hour and were able to try some half price martinis and appetizers. The downside of the happy hour is (and why I'm taking away a star!) that it doesn't include their awesome sounding "specialty cocktails". The promo was something like 1/2 off all wine, beer, appetizers, and "martinis". I wanted a mojito.. damnit.. Anyways, the martinis were good, but honestly the selection of 8 martinis here doesn't compare to Blue Martini. Food was good, but not amazing. We had the pretzels (YUM! But I'm a pretzel freak and really easy to please), loaded cheese fries (again they are freaking cheese fries.. how do you screw that up!), and the Luigi sandwiches. They were solid Roast Beef Sandwiches, but honestly I prefer the processed garbage at Arby's (ok, at least I'm honest!!). The french buns they were on were superb, so I'd like to try other sandwiches there in the future!All in all a great spot to try if Yardhouse and Blue Martini are packed to the gills and you want to just get away and actually get a table somewhere instead of being packed in like sardines. I loved the chill, yet upscale, atmosphere.PS - Tuesday is $1 burger night.. maybe someone can make it out there and check out how good these $1 burgers are!!
4	We went to Bar louie on 2-26-09, for happy hour --- (between going to Yardhouse, and The Grape - Blue Martini was way too packed and annoying!) - the day they were doing the free luigi sandwich too!  There weren't too many people there, so thats kinda weird that the only other person to review Bar Louie was there at the same day/time!  Anyway, the bartender was super friendly... and the happy hour prices were awesome.  We didn't get a Luigi -- but it looked tastey.  We only stayed for one drink, but will definately come back next time.  :)
2	It was more of a "c'mon let's try this $1 burger at Town Square" type of thing. I've been to the Yard House and have spent a considerable amount of time at the Blue Martini - I've had several dinners at Brio and CPK and have enjoyed the per pound lunch buffet at Whole Foods. There's no place in Town Square that I would have second thoughts of going to. Being in Las Vegas, there's only a few places where you could avoid the tourists being this close to the Strip. Ok - back the the subject at hand. The $1 burgers. My beef here (excuse the pun) is not really about the place but I guess about how we waited for over an hour to get our $1 burgers. That's all we came for anyway. We waited for 10 minutes to be seated(estimated was 35 mins) and didn't really think the place was packed. The food did take over an hour to be served. In between the beverages being placed on the table and dinner being served, we were given several apologies and we heard several given to the larger party next to us. When we asked what was going on, the response was that with the popularity of the promo, the usual waiting time is 45 mins. Really? I asked a different person and this time they said that they ran out of burgers. They normally have 300 prepped for teusdays  and they ran out. We ordered at 7:35 and got our food at 8:50. The promo starts at 5pm. The servers were cordial and I guess dressed appropriately for a place that serves alcohol. Something was a miss though. It never felt personal... The experience of going there I mean. From the businesses point of view I can say that our table of four only made $26 for almost 2 hours. They could have squeezed 4 times that amount in $$ in the same amount of time if they were doing it right. I guess at some point no one comes out the winner seeing the the rule "you get what you pay for" has clearly been applied here. It was probably that our timing was wrong. It's also possible that this is the norm for $1 burger tuesdays. But It's unacceptable. I just hope that Bar Louie would straighten things up because I do want them to be top notch, I do want them to have at least 4 stars - I am sure they deserve it being in Town Square and being in Las Vegas! But not yet... Not based on this $1 burger experience of mine.
4	Not too shabby.  A nice getaway from the flashy lights of the Vegas Strip.  They had an ok selection of drafts (I drank Bass) and it was a place I could actually hold a conversation with my friends without talking loudly like most bars we had been to all week.  Thank goodness there are low key places to hang out at in Vegas! haha
3	Pretty decent. This place is cool for locals and tourist alike if you want a very mellow quiet experience. On a Saturday night it maybe is quarter of  the way full. It is kinda out of the way on the second level so that is likely why a lot of people don't go or even know about it. The drinks are nothing special (a five dollar pint of blue moon beer is not special) they have a decent selection of wine and liquors for average price. Their bartenders seem to think they are really busy because they take forever to make drinks and get bills for people. The food on the other hand is really good and very reasonably priced. The crowd is pretty mixed not the loud scene or yardhouse or the uptight people at blue martini.  They have a outside area but I have never scene it open, a shame too cause it has serious potential overlooking town square.
4	This place is more of a local hangout, not too many out of towners are going to find themselves having a beer at this cool little joint. I personally think that is a shame.This place is awesome.You can grab a beer after work or spend your whole evening here. They have happy hour and the food is yummy!The waitress and bartenders are hot. There is an outside bar as well. What more do you need in Vegas?
5	Happy Hour at Bar Louie is just great!  $5 martinis (they've got over a dozen!) $3 drafts, $4 wine and all small plates are half-price!  Plus, Happy Hour is M-F until 7:00, later than the other bars across the way!The food is really tasty - especially the sliders!  The crabcake ones with lemon aioli are my fave.  The Zucchini Chips are really tasty too.  Oh, and the Bavarian Pretzel sticks are really good - 4 huge soft pretzel sticks with dipping sauces.  The Hot Wings are tasty, and the quesadillas are HUGE!My girlfriends and I have only ever sat outside.  The patio has a great view - and you get to see the underside of the planes arriving at McCarran up close!  Yes, it's a tad noisy sometimes, but it's worth it for the fresh air and lovely view.Happy Hour at Bar Louie is a fantastic way to start the weekend!
4	OH bar louie.A friend of mine told me that this place comes from the mid west or the east. Being Californian I was ignorant. But About 4 not 5 the happy hour started. I went with the Mangojito (mango Mojito) It was very sweet so ladies... try it. The rum lovers Mojito is no lie. It's 90% rum 10% leafs. I tried the Mario sandwhich which is great but for those on budget honestly sharing one sandwhich between two is a great idea. Bottom line, it's a little pricey but it's worth in. And a great Alt to Blue Marrtini.
1	I had a really, really bad service experience at Bar Louie. We were ignored for 35 minutes in total while our waiter flirted with a table full of women. We had their dollar burgers and while they're worth a dollar, I didn't think they were particularly good.They made a mistake on my order to top things off. I'm never, ever going back.Read more about my experience: http://www.darqbyte.com/2009/08/19/the-bar-louie-debacle/
4	We went to Bar Louie for happy hour and had a great experience. The food is good but the service was even better. Our waitress Nicolle provided some of the best service we've had at any restaurant in quite some time. She was totally on top of her game -- greeting us as soon as we sat down, explaining the specials, taking our drink and food orders, bringing everything out quickly, checking back to see if we needed anything, stopping by and chatting for a bit. For happy hour beers on tap are $3, wine is $4, and appetizers are half off.Here's what we got (all appetizers):- Potstickers: pork dumplings w/ szechwan sauce. Cooked perfectly and tasted great.- Baked Goat Cheese: goat cheese surrounded with marinara. Comes with garlic toast. Nicolle brought out more bread when she saw we were out. It was a good dish but nothing spectacular.- Cheese Quesadilla: large enough for sharing with a few people. Tasted good.- Crab cake sliders: decent bits of crab, with lemon aioli, not too much filler. They were a little dry but tasty. I still haven't had great crab cakes in this city. The fried onions were pretty sad -- tiny stringy pieces of onions that were over fried.Some of the wines were decent. Beer was good. Food is about 3 stars, service was 5 stars. So, I'm averaging it out to 4 for this place.
4	i love the bar areas here - several to choose from.  on the food front, the pretzel appetizer is the best.  have also tried their salads for lunch, which was good.  from a crowd perspective, it's hit and miss.  i've been here when there's only a couple of tables, and then when the bar is packed.  still trying to find the peak volume times.
1	It's heartbreaking. I used to be a big Bar Louie fan in 2008 and early 2009. The food was always so good, especially the buffalo calamari. The service was always so friendly and patient, and a group of us used to meet there weekly for Beer and Blog. Then things changed. I'm not sure what happened, but suddenly the food was no where near as impressive as it used to be. Then the service went downhill. And, well, we stopped meeting there. I hated the idea of leaving Bar Louie forever, so my husband and I decided to give it another try on date night during the recent holidays. We sat at the bar. It was filthy. The chairs were covered with crumbs and the bar top itself was sticky and just plain gross. We left before anyone could take our order. It's heartbreaking that what was once a weekly favorite is now a place to which I'll never return. But I am hoping that someday it will get back to what it was originally, because deep down inside, I long to return.
2	Staff was friendly, prompt, and attentive.  My two star rating is for the wedge salad I ate which was too watery. Its like they washed the salad, but forgot to dry it.  I also ate the buffalo wings which was on the dry side.  I guess you come for the beer selection on tap and drink specials, not the food.
3	Outdoor patios draw me in like a moth to a flame. So the restaurant and I started off on a good foot. Despite having to move the umbrellas around ourselves to create some shade. The food was a little better than just ok. It was actually better than I was expecting from this bar. We got the Calamari which was good, California Chicken Club, yummy! The vesuvio melt was average and the Blue Moon Fish and Chips which were ok. Overall it wasn't to bad.The server was a ditz but competent. I would go back prices were reasonable and it would try more of the food.
2	We grabbed a bite before a movie. We usually frequent Yard House but every now and again, we try one of the other eateries. We stopped in on a Thursday night. It was fairly busy, service was ok, our server never brought silverware or napkins with our appetizer, and we had to wait a bit for a second beer.Started with Turkey Melt Sliders. Good bun, but salty turkey. We both had burgers, the Louie was better than the Angry Louie. Nothing about the place impressed us enough to want to return. Looks like Yard House will continue to get our business in the future.
3	Long story short, I only like coming here to drink.Short story long, well, when people talk, drink and sit there for at least 2 hours, they get hungry, so they want to eat. I've been to this location several times, mostly to drink and once on Tuesday $1 burger night. Like I said, I prefer to come here only to drink but when I do eat, their food is what gives this place the 3-Star rating, it's OK.I've had other items that I've tried on the menu but they were so 'awesome' that my brain totally blocked it from my memory-- yes, sarcasm. $1 burger night, it's $1 for the bun, top and bottom and the patty. You're able to choose what you'd like on the burger, little did I know that they charge for all the rest of the stuff. I forgot how much they charge per item but I added onions, tomatoes & guacamole, it was beyond $1 at that point. Alright here it is, the burger was-- BLAH. I didn't care for it. The patty was dry, seemed like they cooked it and put it in the warmer for a LONG time. The bread fell apart, as if it were old, dry bread. I liked the fillers than I did the rest of the burger- the part that mattered!At least I'll always have my beer, mmm, beer.
3	I've been to Bar Louie a few times.  Most recently, my wife and I went to enjoy some appetizers and some wine.Food - Our last visit we ordered three appetizers.....Cheeseburger Sliders, Hummus Dip, and Goat Cheese Dip.  They were all delicious.  However, the Sliders were a little overcooked and the goat cheese didn't have as sharp of a flavor as we would hope.Service - Our server, Nicolle, was very helpful and personable.  She ensured that our glasses stayed full and that we were taken care of.Atmosphere - This place is a bar/tavern.  There is a pool table & video games available.  There is also a nice sized patio, which i is where we ate tonight.....the weather was perfect.Will we come back?  Yes.
4	$1 burgers and $3 drafts will be missed.Other than that the place is good to watch the game and drink.The tavern itself will be missed here in vegas
