4	Had a large group for a business lunch here.  Sleek decor, attentive service, a bit loud for holding conversations, but the food was excellent. A lot of non-sushi options but I had the eel roll and the Dragon Roll, both were very good and tasted extremely fresh.  I'm somewhat picky when it comes to sushi but I thought theirs was some of the best I've had in Charlotte (not that there is a ton to compare it to).  Great location in Uptown and good food - check it out!
2	Lovely atmosphere, very nice service, but not good sushi. We had the spicy tuna, sexy salmon and the avocado. The salmon smelled fishy and we sent it back and asked for it uncooked - still smelled fishy.I'm still on the hunt for a great sushi joint in Charlotte!
3	Ordered take-out Singaporean noodle dish for lunch todayService:-Immediately annoyed when the first lady asked how she could help me and upon responding that I was there to pick up a take out order, she directed me to another lady at the register/checkout/pc.  This wasn't annoying, rather the fact that I had to repeat my request to the register/checkout/pc lady after she was already notified by the first employee..that rubbed me the wrong way.- 10 minute wait turned into a 20 minute wait.  I should also note that I called in the order.-No chairs for waiting take out guests.  Consider moving the table at the front door and adding places to sit.Food:- Not bad, could use a lot more flavor.-Portion size is decent for lunch itemOverall, I'll give this place one more chance and will order sushi and a rice dish.  Hoping the customer service improves.
3	what, with the trek to the elevator, across the lobby, and across two lanes of one way traffic, i almost had to pack a lunch to go to lunch.  i have been walking passed Emzy since it opened, waiting for one of my periodic lunchtime compatriots to be willing to try it.  today was that day.i browsed the menu online prior to visiting, so i had a little bit of an idea what i was looking to get into.  i recommended to JEn that we split some things rather than just get our own entrees.  walking passed a table that had the lettuce wraps just delivered sealed the deal.while i kind of experienced what other yelpers had with having a number of people come up as us about seating, i understood that it was simply a busy lunch and a few people where multi-tasking without aggressively executing a plan.  once we were seated, the service was great.i am not sure if it was intentional or not, but our food came out evenly spaced so we could give our undivided attention to it.  first the chicken lettuce wraps.  with a sweet and sour type of flavor to it and some chopped peppers in there, they had a very good taste and there was ample chicken to self wrap for each of us.next was the sesame tuna tartare.  initially, we didn't have a spoon to divvy it up, so we were caught just sort of staring at it until a server got us what we needed.  great texture, fantastic flavor.  the spice was a little heated, but it was welcome.  JEn needed another water.we rounded it out with the rainbow roll.  had some avacado, cucumber, crab, tuna, yellowtail, and salmon in there.  the presentation was good, but there wasn't a whole lot of kick to any of it.  not bad, but nothing that wowwed like our first two "courses."a split check settled us out at around fifteen clams a piece which made it an overall rewarding dining experience.  i would go 3.5 stars, but am opting for the 3 instead of 4.
5	Thought this was a high quality sushi restaurant. Had the thai Ceviche appetizer (shrimps/scallops/calamari mixed with chopped onions/bell peppers/cilantro) and loved it.  I also had the Firecracker Roll (shoft shell crab/spicy yellowtail/smolked salmon/masago) and loved it. Would definitely come back next time in Charlotte.
4	What a great experience located in the South end of uptown. With any new experience, I will ask what is either most popular or recommended. I ended up with a waiter that probably knew about as much as me just by looking at the menu. I didn't ask how long he had worked there. I ended up with the treasure pot. Excellent choice. Portion size is on the money for lunch. The sushi is pretty good if you absolutely must have sushi for lunch. I had the 13 year old with me. If it passed her approval then I know we were in a good spot. Pros are good selection from a wide range of Asian fair. Cons are ensuring you time the place right as it gets crowded for lunch, ensuring you land a good waiter/waitress and asking for a little bit of a higher health score. I prefer sushi served in restaurants that are 99-100+. FYI, like E2, this restaurant is on the more expensive side for lunch. The atmosphere is hip contemporary. Know what you're expecting here for lunch. Unless you happen to be within walking distance to some of our best Charlotte sushi/Asian joints (not in Uptown I promise), then go knowing it's the best place close by.
3	Ok, we've been here twice now after we bought 2 restaurants.com deals which required us to spend at least $50 to get $25 off.  We went by ourselves both times, so we had a pretty good selection of the menu.  My favorite item was the Hella Hot sushi roll, I think it had spicy salmon, tuna, cucumber and Siracha with a jalepeno.  It got me sweating just enough. They also have one roll that's rice free with cucumber which was nice since Gwen was trying to stay Paleo.  For dinner, I had Treasure in the Pot, which was just ok, it was a little too saucy for me, but the broccoli and peppers were fresh,so it was fine.  The fried rice I had though was really nice and balanced.  Gwen stayed paleo by just having a chicken stir-fry which was as good as something that basic can be.Both times we've been here it's been really slow, so the service was great. I assume it's busier during lunch given it's location.  The decor is sleek and modern, and lends itself to a nice dinner out, but this place isn't too pretentious, so feel free to wear your stretch pants out on the town here...
1	I don't want to offend any of the other reviewers but have no other way to put this. I wonder what their dining history is. I've traveled to 25 of the US states and 12 countries, had sushi in Japan. I typically am not harsh and dont think many restaurants need to be fantastic to be satisfying but I would not recommend this place and am so surprised it's still open. There is a toaster oven behind the bar where I witnessed "sushi" rolls being heated. Umm, it's sushi and umm, there is a toaster oven. We also ordered a fried rice bowl and it was so salty that we could not eat more than a bite and had to send it back. I have only sent something back once in my life in all of my dining experiences. Actually, if you are looking for good sushi in Charlotte, I just have to say, "it's Charlotte, we're not near the dock with the fresh catch".
3	Popped in here last night for dinner and it was great!  It is located in the breezeway between the Duke Energy Building and the Mint Museum.  You can park on the street or one of the many parking garages near by.The atmosphere is a little on the trendy side.  You can sit at the bar and watch your sushi made in front of you or get one of the many booths and tables.  It isnt a huge restaurant and I didnt need reservations for dinner last night.  I think it is probably more packed when there are events at the Knight Theatre etc.We had the calamari app - very spicy and not too heavily breaded.  Crispy and delicious.  I ordered the Yum Yum roll and a simple spicy tuna roll - both were very cold and delicious!  My friend ordered the Cherry Blossom roll which was a bit over the top but good :-)They have my FAV wine - Conundrum....which is hard to find at area restaurants.  Heavy pours and very friendly bar staff.  Everyone was super nice and I would definitely go again (even tho it was a bit pricey.)  Thanks guys!
1	All I can say is: WAY TOO MUCH MSG!  My lips are itchy, my head is hurting and I am thirsty as hell.  Which is my indicator for too much of the silent killer.  I will not eat here again.
3	My friends and I were on spring break in Charlotte when we stumbled upon Emzy. Needless to say, we enjoyed it so much we ate there three times! As much as I love Chinese/Japanese/Asian food, most of it tends to make me feel very full and gross after I eat it. That didn't happen at Emzy. I had the spicy shrimp stir fry twice and one of their sushi rolls, and both times I was able to finish my meal and not feel overly stuffed. The spicy shrimp stir fry was absolutely amazing. I really liked the mix of veggies and the brown sauce they use is divine. They had a lot of options on the menu; I wish we would have had more time to spend in Charlotte so we could try more things!The only aspect of Emzy I was a little disappointed in was the service. I felt like our food could have been served quicker. One of the people we were with asked to have his sushi made for take out, but he got his food last. Overall, I really enjoyed eating at Emzy. I'm not super familiar with the city of Charlotte, but from what I could tell the restaurant was in a great location and was popular with the business folk who worked in the nearby Duke Energy Center. I definitely wish we had an Emzy back in my hometown!
4	Finally tried this place out for lunch with the goal being to get some sushi.  The decor is nice and crisp/modern and I like the bar area where there is a TV.  We got there on the early side (little after 11:30am) and were promptly seated and our waitress took our drink order.  I asked her  how the Sumo Salad was prepared, as I didn't find it to be clear from the menu, and she couldn't remember.  She said something about cucumbers and a special sauce, then said "what do you mean"?  So I gave up on that idea and went with the Shrimp Lettuce Cups for an app and the Sashimi Salad for the main.  The filling in the lettuce cups was perfectly prepared; I'd I'd order them again.  The Sashimi salad had tons of fish and avocado in it; you don't really even need the Asian Dressing because of  how the fish is prepared.  The waitress brought our salads out while we were half way through our appetizer, which drives my husband BON KERRRRS, so he put it on another table (haha).  I must have looked really tired b/c she brought me new diet cokes when I was half way through the first AND asked me if I wanted one to go.  If I was drinking alcoholic beverages, being overserved wouldn't have bothered me.  All that being said, she was very nice, but possibly new at being a waitress.  I will definitely go back to try out the sushi and some of the other items on the menu, because they all looked right up my alley.  I'd probably give it a 4.5 for food and a 2.5 for service but rounding up to 4 stars.
3	Nice location and nice and roomy tables.  It was quiet, and the service was solid.  Nothing over the top but more than satisfactory.  The sushi was pretty good, however, not exactly the best we've ever had.  One sushi roll we tried is topped w/ a piece of fried shrimp - - sounded appetizing and we were excited to try it, but most of us felt the shrimp was so big and it overpowered the sushi itself.  Now I'm not suggesting to get mini shrimp and reduce the portions, I mean we like fried shrimp, but it was somewhat of an odd combination.  At least they get kudos for trying something new. The calamari we got was not crispy as we expected but it tasted pretty good.  One person in our group wasn't too crazy about the soy wrapping around one of the sushi rolls, I've had it before so I thought it was fine and liked it.  They pump out some good sized rolls here which is nice, but overall I felt it didn't have that "umami" factor - - something that sets them apart from the rest.  It was more on the bland side than what I'm used to, and none of the sushi rice was warm or had that slight hint of rice wine vinegar which is what I'm used to when my Tokyo Mother makes the Real McCoy.  Service was solid, drinks filled promptly, and we used a restaurant.com coupon which made it a more reasonable affair.  With all the sushi places in town I'll probably give others a try first before coming back here again, and overall I'd say "A-OK" is an accurate account of our experience here.  But don't take it from us - - try it yourself since no one sushi palate is the same.
3	Over the past two years, Charlotte has received a steady inflow of Asian cuisine. Many of these restaurants have been able to achieve mild success this far South, while others have fallen flat in their attempt to cater to a taste they don't quite understand. Emzy falls somewhere in the middle... it brings a little bit extra to the table, but nothing really stands out on its own.I praise the diversity that Emzy offers in its menu, featuring sushi, ramen bowls, stir fries and sandwiches. All these dishes however, are quite average and there's some evidence that shortcuts are taken in pushing food out to the customers. I tasted something not quite fresh in my ramen and I can't tell if it was the broccoli or the shrimp that came out of a bag. The broth on this "Spicy Shrimp Ramen" was quite good and one of the best I've had in uptown - this is probably the best dish they have to offer. It's a large bowl and great value with lots of different ingredients floating around in the mix. The gyoza was also quite nice - filled with specks of ginger and scallions and seasoned well.The kimchi fried rice was awesome to see listed, but sadly it tasted better in theory than on my palate. I'm not sure if it's my frequent trips to K-Town in NYC that have refined my taste for this delicacy, but I couldn't quite taste the robust and flavorful tang that I normally would with fresh kimchi - the rice was also somehwat sub par. Service took way too long; while I can appreciate a busy kitchen, there were only 4 tables filled in the dining room. At least it let me admire the interior design of the restaurant which is laid out pretty well. Nice interiors and a full-service bar. They have a take out option, which is convenient and fairly priced, though Emzy is never my first thought when it comes to eating Asian food in Charlotte. I would come here again, maybe to try the Katsu Sandwich, but otherwise, you don't have to trek all the way out here for a decent bite!3/5
4	First visit to Emzy last weekend and my wife and I loved the sushi! It was a little weird when we arrived around 7:45 on a Saturday night and the place was dead. I was worried the food might not be good, but I have to say that everything was great! We both eat sushi all the time and we had some of the best sushi here at Emzy. I am not sure why the place was packed out with patrons. The atmosphere is trendy and cool, the wait staff was friendly and the food great. I have to assume that the location, not near Trade and Tryon or the Epicenter, are the only reason it was mostly empty. Well, that is a shame. If you like sushi, this place is not to be missed. We loved the Drunken Shrimp Roll, and especially loved the Sweet 18 Roll! It's a bit pricey at $16, but the Sweet 18 was worth every penny! The Spicy Tuna Ball small plate was excellent as well. If you're a fan of sushi, I would recommend Emzy for sure!
3	I went there for my first time last week for lunch. It was busy but our food still came out quickly. Service was very good.  I got the shrimp clay pot.  It was decent but a little sweet for my taste. I will definitely check it out again and try something new.
2	I met a girlfriend here for dinner before heading to a concert at the Knight theater. I really wanted to give this place 2 and a half stars. Its not strong enough for three, but two is a little harsh. The place was okay, but I wouldn't go back.  My drink, the blushing kiss was pretty good, but I wouldn't order it again. I actually prefer wine, but the wine list was limited.We started with two appetizers: the calamari and the Thai ceviche. The calamari was good and the ceviche was interesting. It was edible, but I wouldn't order it again.  We had the cherry blossom roll, which was good. But it wasn't good enough for me to choose this place over other sushi restaurants in Charlotte. We also had a fancy spicy tuna roll (forgot the name), which was just okay. Regarding the atmosphere, I'll give them credit for the effort. It's somewhat modern and trendy. However the tablecloth across from us had several stains on it and the window seal beside us was dusty. I realize these may seem like minor points to some people. But I definitely prefer a cleaner environment when eating sushi. Overall, it was a decent meal in a convenient location. But I wouldn't return and I wouldn't recommend it. There are lots of restaurants in the area that are much better.
5	When my hubby and I started to plan our trip to Charlotte I looked at options on Restaurant.com and Emzy was one of them.  I was a bit leery of their 3 star rating on here but decided to give it a go, and I am sure glad we did!  We went on a Friday evening and it was a bit empty.  There were a few people at the bar but there were only a couple tables seated.For a starter, we ordered the Joyful Dim Sum Platter.  It consisted of 3 different dumplings and they were all equally delicious.  As an entree I decided on the Yakisoba shrimp noodle bowl.  It was full of flavor and there were plenty of shrimp and veggies.  Hubby chose 3 sushi rolls and we finished the entire plate.  Because we were just shy of the minimum dollar requirement for our gift certificate we decided to try their key lime pie.  The crust was a bit soggy but it was still really tasty.I am so glad we came here for dinner.  The server was very friendly and even suggested we go to the park's opening right around the corner.  If he didn't mention that I don't know what we would have found to do.
5	Excellent!  Great value for the money. Loved the scallop fried rice. Definitely coming back!
4	I have to say this may be one of my favorite new sushi restaurants in Charlotte! Everything was very fresh and quickly made, the only downfall was that the waitress never returned to refill our drinks. I highly recommend this place, especially the Philly and spicy tuna roll!!!
1	First, I would not give a small business one star lightly. But "Methinks not" sums up how I feel.The Pros: the atmosphere was great, the drafts were $2, the service was pretty good, the location is nice, they are on restaurant.com (like a Groupon).The Cons: the food (and maybe the prices, but only because of the quality of the food).We had water, a couple of Kirins (beer), miso soup, edamame, tempura shrimp and vegetables, a Salmon Dream roll, and an MZ roll (with no cucumber). The beer was the only thing that satisfied me ($2 pints, out of a keg, tasted like beer). My water tasted funny, like there was a hint of tea in it or something; not awful, but weird and not a good start. The miso was super fishy, wayyy too salty, and the seaweed was tough. I had that fishy taste in my mouth long after we left. The edamame was overcooked and under-salted (how do you mess up edamame?). The tempura shrimp/veggie plate was pretty good, I liked the sauce and the shrimp, but I've had better tempura vegetables. The Salmon Dream roll was good, no complaints there. The MZ roll came out with cream cheese in it - it does not come with cream cheese (and I hate cream cheese in sushi rolls, the whole idea is gross). I tried to eat it, but had to send that back, and the waiter told us that he was sorry and that they had a new sushi chef. We got a new one, it came out with cucumber in it (which we had requested there be none of because my girlfriend doesn't like it), but we ate it, it was good to me (and it would be to most people), easy mistake to make.I've seen some others complain about prices here. I disagree with that. The prices actually were pretty good to be eating at a modern, trendy place in uptown. It's the fact that the quality of their food does not stand up to the prices that is the problem. If I had gone to a budget sushi conveyor-belt place in a college town, I would expect this kind of food.The key: all of these things were pretty minor taken by themselves, but taken together, it doesn't make for good dining. You want attention to detail at a sushi place. Not just any raw salmon or tuna will cut it - the chef has to be specially trained and must meticulously observe the meat. To be clear, I did not get sick; but I was worried that would be given the lack of attention to detail with so many other things.This place seems new. I'm hoping the management will get this place into shape. If they don't change things, they're not going to last.Again, I am not trying to be mean by giving this small business this rating, but if their kitchen was in order they would have a much higher rating.
5	My husband and I went last night before the Charlotte Symphony concert. I also had a Groupon to use. We absolutely loved it. The service was great and the food was delish. Not to mention, the portion sizes were massive. They also had great drink specials, even on a Friday night. I loved the different options for sushi as well. I felt like they had a different selection than most other sushi places around here. It always seems like you see the same type of roll with a different name. My husband got the hella hot and it definitely lived up to its name. I would highly recommend this place again and plan to go back.
1	Tried to go here for a large lunch today, there was a Groupon available, and didn't specify any restrictions. However just to be sure, we called ahead, prior to purchasing the Groupon, and asked repeatedly if the Groupon could be used for lunch. The person who answered the phone said yes, then put the phone down to double check with a manager or co-worker, came back and said yes again. We asked again, are you sure it can be used for lunch, for anything on the menu? Again, the answer was yes. We walked to the restaurant and were seated by a very pleasant waitress and when she asked if it would be all on one check we said yes and we have a Groupon. She said ok let me make sure that can be used for lunch...already were worried. The manager comes over and rudely just states, "Groupon can only be used for dinner" and walks away. We protest to the waitress and explain that we called ahead to make sure, she apologizes nicely and gets the manager back. We explain that we called ahead, and he again rudely states, "It's only for dinner". We ask if he can honor it or match the expected discount (and then mark the Groupon as used or void it somehow, we didn't want to double dip on the discount or anything) due to the obvious misinformation we were provided when we called. He says no. We again explain that we didn't appreciate the terrible experience thus far and would hope he would somehow honor our expectations. He again says no, Groupon is only for dinner, he (THE MANAGER) can't do anything about it. We give it one last shot and say we are going to get up and leave if he doesn't honor it and continues the dismissive attitude. He shrugged his shoulders and says he can't do it. No apology, and he let us walk out.  So, basically we will not be going back, ever; which is too bad because we live across the street and hadn't been before. It seemed nice.
1	My husband, his co-worker, and myself were looking for a new place to try for lunch in Uptown Charlotte.  We called Emzy and asked if we can use a Groupon for lunch.  The lady who answered the phone put us on hold to go ask, and came back and said yes.  We purchased the Groupon and walked through the snow storm to have lunch.  When we arrived, while starting to place our order, we told the waitress we have a Groupon.  She said you can't use it during lunch hours.  We explained that we had just called 30 minutes prior and were told we could use it for lunch or dinner.  She got the Manager who very rudely told us we couldn't.  We requested that he make an exception since we called and were told yes, and walked through the storm to try Emzy for the first time.  He told us that it couldn't be done.  We asked if he could take the $15 off the bill since his staff gave us the wrong information and that was the total we paid for the Groupon.  He said no and walked away from us.  We decided to leave, and on the way out told him that this was a poor first (and last) experience at his restaurant.  He just shrugged his shoulders.I have never been treated so poorly, especially by a Manager.  There are dozens of other restaurants in Uptown Charlotte that would be happy to have our business.  We will never eat at Emzy due to the horrible customer service.
1	this place is awful. service is bad - do yourself a favor and go to 112! better food, prices & service.and no i do not work for 112 - i was just so displeased with my experience here!
1	Food was good so I called BEFORE purchasing the restaurant.com gift card to make sure I could use it for take out the next time since I didn't see any restrictions on the main certificate page. The person that answered the phone said, yup no problem." I went ahead to purchase from restaurant.com and called the next day to place a to-go order. I was told they do not honor "to-go" orders with restaurant.com gift certificates EVEN THOUGH I CALLED BEFORE PURCHASING TO VERIFY. I will NEVER be back.
1	do NOT order anything to go. first of all, any sushi you order will be tiny and they put hardly any fish in it. plus during lunch service, the wait staff is terrible. it took us an hour and a half to get out of there even after telling the server we had to go back to work. DO NOT RECOMMEND.
5	I have been to a lot of sushi restaurants and this one is up there with em all. The service is quick and the fish is fresh. The edamame isn't over salted. The toro was top5 I've had. The bartender was pleasant and gave great suggestions. Love it! Id come back.
4	A great ambiance to meet with old friends. The decorations were minimalist, simple and not overdone.  Excellent food and applicable to any adult age group; a very nice restaurant but affordable and not over the top. They could consider offering smaller portions for dinner (not often that I say too much food...!), but definitely not a bad thing. Will definitely go back again.
5	I've just moved to Charlotte from Boston via Seattle and in the past year of visiting checking on the home I am building I've visited this restaurant 8-10 times. The staff is always friendly and accommodating even if a bit slow at times but we are never in a rush so take that for what it's worth.Now into the food review. The sushi is the best I've had in Charlotte. Same owners as Room 112 which is comparable. Other reviews slam the sushi or to go food... Don't order sushi to go idiot. It's not a pizza. Having enjoyed some of the best sushi in Boston, New York and Seattle I can say it's never good to go anywhere. The bartenders always comp a drink or two for us which is unnecessary but appreciated. Consistently going out and spending 80-120 each time we go here, I always leave happy and having had good fish. And to those who complain about the fish, try asking your sushi chef what is fresh!?! Sorry most of me just thinks the bad reviews are a direct result of diners not understanding how to order what they want. How about a little culpability folks!? :)
4	Met my friends here prior to a PK event at the Mint Museum. Boy did I pick the right day to dine...Thursday, which is HALF OFF WINE night here. Yeay! I ordered the Thai Chicken Curry for the table, and it was ROCK SOLID and yummy! Sweet Thai curry and very flavoful. Much better than I recently have had at other Thai restaurants.....We ordered 3 different rolls. The waiter really sold us on one roll to be the Yellowtail roll. This was by far the weakest of the rolls. The fish was fishy and not fresh. 1 star for this. BUT the other 2 were REALLY good. Classic Rainbow Roll and one called 18 something or other, which was a deep fried shrimp with a honey glaze. VERY good!I'm giving them a Mulligan on that awful yellowtail roll. But guys, if your fish is discolored (as this one was) PLEASE CHECK it before you serve it to your customers!Overall a really good dining experience.
2	I've been before and liked it a lot, but I went for lunch with a group and it was nothing if not subpar. The prices seem to have gone up and my $20+ a la carte lunch was some sad shreds of tuna, salmon, and white tuna. The white tuna sashimi was the only one that tasted 100% fresh and was cut well. The others... well... I didn't get sick off the lukewarm salmon nigiri and the tuna nigiri's shredded texture didn't weird me out too much. The timing of the meals was also off and almost everyone in my party received their food well before I did. They were almost finished eating by the time mine arrived. However, it did give me a chance to sample off other people's plates and I can still vouch for the curries, hibachi, and edamame. The hot food seemed great and though I didn't try it, I had a friend who was pleased with her maki roll as well.
1	STAY AWAY!!!! Go to Red Ginger instead!! Horrible customer experience!!! Drove to eat and they were closed when they were suppose to be open! 2nd time they wouldn't let a 2 separate parties use different groupons because they knew each other!!! STAY AWAY!! Go to Red Ginger down the road!! Horrible! The owner John doesn't care about the customers. Said he didn't really care if we came back or not when asking about Groupons!!! Hope they go out of business
1	Worst experience I've ever had in Charlotte ! The owner has no sense of customer experience ! They won't honor your groupon ! Told me that if I would have set one table over I could have used it ... Knowing I purchased it while setting in their booth ! Also, asked for 3 things that never showed up on my table, had to ask for them 3 to 4 times and he still charged me. Told them I'm not coming back and he says "ok" ...
3	I had the cherry blossom and hot n sour soup also a few other rolls just picked by the waitress. The staff was friendly and the atmosphere was nice for a romantic quiet evening. The sushi was good and I would go back but nothing really stood out as "the best in Charlotte". I would like to try the entrees next time.
1	I don't want to give it a star... I work right beside emzy.. So I used to visit quite frequently (about 5 times). I have ordered Singapore hair noodles, fried rice, eg noodles. I kind of likes spicy so I tried customizing it every time I ordered( less oil and spicy) but they used to miss it every time. But I will focus mostly on my last visit to this place. I ordered angel hair Singaporean noodle less oil and spicy( which was never made) so i don't want to compromise this time unlike last 4 times and I went back complaining... Receptionist made me wait for 5 mins( was ok waiting) then the manager came to me took the noodles from me went in and came back with my order in approx a min and all this time they did not even apologized or had any concern about the customer.. I went back to ofc opened the Togo.. I just had one spoon and almost tears ran through my eyes( I am indian I can handle spicy) but this item which was modified in a minute was can't b ehandled by any human( he added sambal and chilli powder I guess and returned my order). I was so pissed and went back to the manager complaining about it. He is so ridiculously stupid and instead of satisfying the customer he told me that "that's how we make food" What a jerk. This is my first review ever in yelp( there are so many restaurants I did not like food but I never wrote one and never saw such a pathetic customer service ever in my life)
4	Sushi is great here, very fresh.  If you love spicy make sure to get the Hella Hot roll!  They appetizers are good as well, especially the lettuce cups.  Best Sushi in up town Charlotte, great for lunch or dinner.
3	I've been here twice (both times on a Friday night). The first time was good - reasonable wait time for food/drinks. The second time, however, was rather disappointing. It took approximately 35-40 minutes after we placed our order for the food to arrive (restaurant was moderately full). The prices are not bad for uptown and I would say the sushi is above average, but nothing spectacular.
5	The kimchi fried rice was divine. I had to fight my friends off for it.  It has a nice, light burn, very pleasant.  Perfect for my cold.  We got take out and even though the restaurant was full, our order came out in under 10 minutes.  The staff was courteous and professional.  We felt welcomed. I will make this a regular lunch destination from now on.  Will update the review after we try more dishes.
5	Great experience! The wait staff was amazing, gave us recommendations and was spot on! Everything was delicious...the cherry blossom roll was by far the best! We asked for another side sauce to dip, and he brought us out three different ones to try as well!! Big fan,
5	Couldn't believe how fresh the nigiri was! Gene was a great server, he gave us recommendations and was very accommodating, will be back soon!
2	They have a nice/trendy set-up.  Service seems to have declined over last few years. The food is decent,  I've had better in the uptown area. The customer service is what will keep me away from this spot.
5	Awesome food, our waiter Gene was the coolest, presentation was amazing.
4	I am in the middle of a love affair with Emzy. The Joyful Dim Sum Platter is some of the best shrimp dumplings I have had, and they always bring it piping hot straight from the kitchen. The Maguro Madness roll comes with plenty of tuna and an interesting spicy imitation crab mix in the middle. It is delicious. Also on Friday and Saturday nights their draft beers (except Chimay) are only $2. That's the best weekend deal for Blue Moon or your favorite seasonal that I have found. The best part about Emzy is their constant availability on Resturant.com, and when you wait for the deals you can pay $3 for a voucher that is $25 off a bill of $50 or more. Combine this deal with weekend beer specials and we can get a nice dinner out in the city, with several drinks for about $40 after tax, tip and voucher cost. The one downfall of Emzy is the service. We have never seen it busy, and yet on more than one occasion we have been rushed through the meal even though the restaurant isn't even a quarter full. Last time this happened the waitress kept bringing the check even though we were in the middle of the meal, and wanted more drinks. I say "kept bringing" because I can be a bit brazen and we wanted to get to the $50 mark to use our certificate, so I ordered more beer after she brought two checks. You would think after the first time, and literally no other tables in her section, she would ask if we wanted another round?
