1	After seeing Laser Med Solutions on Sonoran Living Live I though I would give them a try.  Taking estrogen had caused me to gain belly fat.  I was intrigued with what they had to offer and was reassured that it would help and boy was I wrong.  By the 5th visit I had mentioned to the office staff that I was seeing NO DIFFERENCE whatsoever.  She reassured me that it would start to come off.  By my 9th and final visit I had lost nothing, no inches and I had done everything I was instructed to do.They took my money and are using it for their false advertisement.  They promised and it did not come thru.  I had asked on several occasions where Lindsey was (I wanted to talk to her about it) and every time I was told something different. Finally being told she was off to Las Vegas to open up their new medical office.  Hmmm not what I was told previously.  Here is what a recent client posted on google:Do NOT waste your time or money on this! I saw an ad for this on TV and called their office. I was assured I would lose many inches and the person I spoke with, Jon, told me he recently went from a 40" waist to a 34" prior to a trip to Hawaii. Impressive, so I decided to try it. I paid $1400 for 12 treatments - 3 more than the recommended 9. I followed the instructions explicitly and kept voicing my concern that I was losing nothing. At the end I was told I'd lost 4 inches overall, 2 in my target area. I had done my own measurements and actually I lost NONE - NOT ONE. When I voiced my displeasure at the measurement appointment, the only recourse I was offered was to purchase MORE treatments, telling me they'd really concentrate on my "target area".....well, why didn't they do that in the first place???! I wrote a letter to the physician and heard nothing back, not even the consideration of a response by letter or by phone. I SHARE her feelings and realize I'm not the only one. I want my money back!It's also funny that when I read "Jonathon's" review on Google, the guy that made my appointments was also named Jonathon....quintessential? I still cant believe the weekday television shows STILL allow them on.  Remember, they pay the television programs so the stations are just figuring $$ signs.
5	I had injured my knee a couple years back and was unable to stick to my old work out routine. It wasn't long before I was up to 47 inches around my waist. I had done 9 sessions, was concerned that I wasn't seeing any results at the end of the nine. The girls at the front assured me that when I do my final measurements in a week ( guess they are done a week after the sessions so your body can flush everything) that  I will see results. I started to notice the difference about two days after my ninth session. Few days after my friends started to ask me what i did as they saw the difference, one is now starting next week lol.   I had my final measurements done today and had lost a total of 9 inches. Freaking awesome!  The whole experience was great, everyone there seemed to be happy with their results, well except for one lady that I heard complaining to the girls at the front that she happy with her results, so of course I'm listening to them talk, she had lost a total of 14 inches....14 inches lost and your unhappy.  Doesn't make sense to me, but guess your always gonna have that crazy person that no matter what happens they only see what they want to see. Anyway I'm starting to ramble so gonna end this with recommending this spa to anyone that wants to lose inches on an fda approved laser with proven results.
1	The old adage "if it sounds too good to be true, it probably is" definitely applies to this place.  DO NOT waste your money or your time!  I paid $1400 for 12 treatments.  I took my measurements the night before I started.  I followed their instructions to the letter - no coffee, no alcohol, no caffeine, take niacin, exercise, and was losing nothing.  I kept being told it would come off, don't worry.  It didn't....nothing.  I wrote a letter to them expressing my disappointment and finally after 2 months I received a call from them offering me 9 free treatments.  I tried it again (once again taking my own measurements for comparison) and when Tiffany began to take my measurements all of a sudden she said "I'm not happy with this measuring tape, I need to get another one".  Hmmmmm.  After measuring she told me I'd lost 12 inches!!!  Now that is a substantial loss and one would think losing that much that it would be quite apparent in the way my clothes fit.....well, once again there was NO difference!   Interesting that my measurements showed no loss and their measurements showed 12 inches!!!  A bit suspicious, to say the least.This week they called me to ask me to take down my review on Google since I "had lost such an amazing amount" (yeah right) and when I said I would not take it down; that I had again lost NOTHING and I didn't want anyone else to waste their money she hung up on me!So not only is this a waste of time and money in my opinion, but they are rude.If this really worked, then everyone would be thin and there would be no reason to diet and exercise.  Please don't waste your money.
1	After reading some of these reviews I feel pretty much the same.  I wish i would've read them before i spent money on this!! I got pretty much the same results: nothing. There was only one review that was different and that was Johnny D who obviously works for them. I thought I'd try this because I saw it on Sonoran Living and thought they were pretty trustworthy. I don't like to exercise and it said no exercise required. So I traveled about 70 miles to and fro with my kids 3 times a week for 3 weeks. The customer service was horrible. I did mention to them that I wasn't seeing a difference and they kept telling me to wait until after the 9 week and the measurements would show the difference. After the 9th week the measurement showed no inches off. They told me that I was probably bloated, to give it time and to take pills to help let everything out. To this day its been about 3 months and there's absolutely no difference. I paid $1100. What a waste!!! I would never recommend this place. It's a money making scam and 3 on your side should investigate!!!
