2	This place takes forever... probably the cheapest place in town for optometrists, but they make you pay the difference in time. Have had 3 exams by them, all on appointment. I showed up early every time, and every time I waited at least 30 min past my appointment time for them to even call my name for the first set of tests. I thought maybe if I went in the middle of a weekday it would be better, nope... I'll still come here simply because it's cheap. Just be warned, they don't value your time so don't make any plans around your exam
2	The only good thing about my appointment here was the O.D. was really nice.  Dr. Potter was very friendly and personable, he even took the time out to recheck my eyes after I mentioned a previous doctor had some trouble diagnosing my prescription - he wanted to make sure I was comfortable with the strength of the Rx and not have to come back.  Even though the doctor was nice, the rest of the appointment was just what you'd expect from a place like this: a long wait, a ton of people, and very little customer service.  I waited 20 minutes past my appointment time to be seen.  After my exam I went to the front desk to pay and get my prescription and was told I had to wait because there was someone else ahead of me.  The only other person that had already been seen was walking around trying out frames  (all I needed was the Rx since I wasn't getting glasses or contacts), so I had to wait another 15 to 20 minutes just to check out and get my prescription.  Ridiculous.
1	To follow-up on my original review:I received messages on YELP from the owner and a customer service agent of this America's Best location asking if they could contact me to help make up for my previous poor experience.  I replied with my contact info over a month ago and have not heard back.  They just lost another star...
1	I am disappointed every single time I come here. They are always, ALWAYS running late (I am waiting to be seen right now) and the customer service is horrible. I just sat and watched the phone go unanswered for five minutes. Whenever I call no one will answer, and then the lady at the front desk gave me attitude when I asked WHY they won't answer my call.Everyone around me is now complaining because they've been waiting over THIRTY minutes to be seen by someone.When I finally got ahold of them two weeks ago, all the lady asked for was my day of birth. She said I was all set and ready to go.. But then I went in and there was NO APPOINTMENT made in my name.Save your time, save your money -- because this is the worst vision service I have EVER seen!
4	I'm very pleased with my new eyeglasses but it was a bit of a tortuous road to get to this  point. But now I know how the game is played and I'll happily return here.The name of the game here is "upsell", a variation on "Would you like fries with that?" Just a little sneakier.I did wait about 45 mins past my appointment time to be seen but the price of $69 for two pair would make it worthwhile, I believed. Everyone I encountered was courteous so that was a plus. But after my exam when it was time to place my order with the clerk, the real hard sell commenced. The clerk tallied up my preferences without telling me that everything I was being offered was at an additional cost. She ran a calculator tape and then handed it to me. It came to almost $300!I exclaimed, "Whoa! How did that happen? I came in for the two pairs of glasses at $69."So together we backed out all the extras- none of which were important to me in the least. And I left a satisfied customer.You just have to know how to play the game. And now I've showed you how to do it!
4	Im very pleased with my experience and purchase at Americas Best! I came here to get an eye exam and to get a pair of glasses, the women were very helpful and sweet. The doctor was very professional that clearly took the time to perform the various tests. He never made me felt rushed. The pricing of my glasses were very reasonable, I will update my review once I receive my glasses. I took one star off for the wait time, but other than that I would have given them 5 stars!
1	The worst service ever. They didn't even talked to me at all. I could not believe it. Well there lost. Thank God there are lots of vision care in here.
