4	Love the location and the hotel. One star taken off because they can kick rocks with their room keys. I have 4 degrees but my boss had to get me in the room 2 times because the damn keys are hard to use.  Get a damn key slot Marriott. #yesimpissedrightnow
5	Very nice and courteous staff. Rooms are typical hotel room comfortable beds fridge and microwave in room. Nice bar with good beer and drink selection. Very cool outdoor area check out the pool at night!
4	This newly Marriott acquired property was renovated to the AWESOME status. The zen inspired lobby will make even the crankiest traveler mellow out. The elevators are a bit sketch, so lift at your own risk.  They definitely skipped them with the renovation.  For those of you staying on the elite floors, they are awesome.  The bathroom doors are sliding barn doors, and the bathroom itself is so full of light and cleanliness you may be inspired to take a 45 minute shower to soak it all in.  The TVs are a bit gross too. The remotes look as though they have been ported in from the past.  The hotel is located in the heart of uptown area and you have the option to walk anywhere you like for food options or shopping outside of the hotel. Uber also runs in Charlotte so feel free to download the app and grab an Uber car while you are visiting our Queen City. Staff are amazing and helpful.  And the manager with a British accent is super good looking.  I'd def stay here again!!!
5	Upon arrival , the front desk was very professional warm and welcoming ! The first impression is amazing as the fresh new lobby , modern and well updated makes for a great first impression ! The guest rooms as very well dressed with new comfortable beds and linen . The details in the rooms are simple but makes you feel like the comforts of home !  The brightly lite bathrooms are awesome , fresh bright and modern white ! This hotel certainly has reached the high point of pride !  Love this stay and I WILL BE BACK to enjoy this beautiful facility .
4	The hotel is very nice, but the lobby has constant loud music. It's extremely unpleasant to be in the lobby more than a few moments. Since all the food servicse open on to the lobby it affects my desire to eat at the hotel.
4	The property was easy to find and I was warmly welcomed when I arrived.  The lobby is nicely appointed; contemporary but warm.  The front desk agents were friendly and checked me in quickly.The room was extremely comfortable.  I LOVED the bathroom.  Very sleek.  I want a bathroom just like it at home. Breakfast on Saturday morning was served until 11 which really let me sleep late.  That was kinda awesome.  The buffet included eggs, bacon, biscuits, gravy, pastries, fruit, etc.  All standard full service breakfast items.I only stayed for one night but was very pleased with my whole experience.  I definitely would stay again.
