1	This was the most disappointing restaurant experience I've had in a long time. Though I never ate at the former location in Bethel Park, I wrongly assumed that an established business would have good food and good service. The very young hostess seated us right by the door on a day when it was 27 degrees outside. There were at least 10 empty tables where she could have seated us. She just wanted us to sit down so that she could go back to talking to her friend who was sitting at a nearby table. There was a man who I gather is the owner seated at the table next to us who heard us talk about how cold it was. He even watched me put my coat on because it was THAT cold. He had a small space heater at his feet and enough meat on his bones so I assume he didn't notice that it was freezing. I looked past that because I was so excited that the Pub and Pizza building was finally occupied again. We anxiously waited for our server to come and take our orders. We didn't wait too long. The woman was friendly enough but when we asked what they have to drink, she said she didn't know because she doesn't have a list. We asked if they have beer and she said yes then proceeded to list off your standard dive bar drafts and a vanilla 'port.' Um... Porter? We ordered our drinks as well as a pizza and some provolone sticks. When the pizza came she put it on a wobbly pizza stand and dropped off the cheese sticks. The pizza stand was so wobbly I thought the pizza may slide off. The food didn't look good. The cheese sticks weren't browned. They were sad, skinny sticks that were taken out of the freezer and dropped in the fryer. I've had better cheese sticks in a cafeteria. As for the pizza, it was terrible. Soggy and shiny - two things that food should not be. I'm sorry but if you have 'pizza' in your name, you should at least have a decent pie. It's laughable considering all of the good pizza in a 2 mile radius of the joint. We finished what we could and wanted to leave but our server disappeared. I went to the bar to ask if we could cash out. The bartender looked at me as if I were an alien. The owner rolled his eyes. He didn't even seem to care that his employees wasweren't taking very good care of his customers. Rather than cash me out, the bartender went to find the server. Another 5 minutes went by and she came back to take our card. All in all it was a bad experience. By the time we left we felt like the place didn't want customers. It's sad because they are in a good location. They won't last long unless they do huge business selling bud light and karaoke.
3	Good place to meet some friends.  We had a large group meet at Duke's to have a little holiday cheer.  Service was good considering how crowded it was.   The bar was overwhelmed by our group and another group.  We had some pizza and wings.  The pizza had a medium crust and was good.  The wings were somewhat crispy and tasted good.
4	Good pizza, the dough was good with a nice chew.  The calzones are huge.  The waitstaff were attentive.  Duke's just opened in this location?  The beer selection was o.k., Sam Adams winter ale was the only decent beer on tap, but the do offer bottled beer. I will return!
1	Duke's is as bland as it gets:  boring beer selection, soggy pizza, zero atmosphere.  It is far more interesting to sit on your couch with a 7-up and a poached egg watching a Yule Log video than it is to visit Duke's Pub and Pizza.
1	Went on a Saturday late afternoon , got seated fast as there was only a young family of 4 in the place, I ordered a raspberry tea tasted like it came out of a juice box, my brother ordered cheese sticks that looked as well as tasted like they had been in my freezer for a year, I had the antipasta salad, it came out loaded with meat looked good tasted ok, meat was not the best I have had but after the cheese sticks I guess second best is good enough for them, the was full of fat and very greasy. I would not go back.
1	My family lives within walking distance of this restaurant so we really wanted to like it but unfortunately there weren't really any redeeming qualities.  We ordered a small pizza, chicken Parmesan sandwich and a chicken fajita wrap.  The food was bland and I ended up adding hot sauce to everything.  The waitress seemed put off when we asked for extra marinara sauce.  Also there were a few servers hanging out at the bar (we were seated upstairs) and one was talking about how her ex-boyfriend cheated on her and got someone else pregnant.  They were right next to us and we have a two year old son!  Also, neither our greeter/seater nor server offered to get us a high chair or booster and we had to find it ourselves.  I don't really think this restaurant will last which is disappointing.
5	Nice to see this old place up and running again. Nostalgia aside, the rotating draft list has a few nice micro brews, and the pizza prices are all very fair, and quite tasty too!
