4	Fast lube and smog checks.
1	Every time i come here to get a car wash, i end up sitting and waiting on their car wash tarmack for assistance. I see employees texting and smoking but nothing. This is the 3rd time this has happened to me! Some serious employee management  issues. Beware, if you are on a time crunch and in need for some fast service, DON'T COME HERE.
1	I came here on Saturday. Paid $26 for a car wash and interior cleaning... I have to say this is the worst job anyone has ever done... I cleaned my interior one more time before I drove off... Not only that I asked the guy to let me borrow his towel! I will never come back to this one. I might stay away from the franchise all together.
4	This is my spot to get my oil changed.  The staff is super friendly and very efficient.  I love how they don't try to sell me things but suggests them to me so I can go home and research them to see if i really want to have it done or not.I had something popping out from my side panel on the driver side and have been lagging to take it to the dealer to get it fix but when i went in to get my oil changed, they fixed it for me without even asking me!  Love them!If you want great service go here!  If you don't want to waste your entire day at the dealer or some other lube service place, go here!
5	The guys here are careful, knowledgable and fast.. Coming to Terrible Oil change feels like a race pit! Vroom
4	I always come here to get my oil change. friendly staff and free car wash!
1	OIL CHANGE SCAM!I'm a bit behind on posting this review. I have been going to Terrible's over the years and I'm not sure why. Every visit I'm given bad news about my car. In the past, I had crappy cars, so anytime I was told I needed an extra service or repair, I took their word and went for it Back in November, I took my new car (to me) in for an oil change before heading on a Thanksgiving road trip. I picked a good day because I got right in. Every time I sit in a Terrible's lobby I feel the anxiety kick in. What are they going to find wrong and how much am I going to pay? Sure enough, the grease monkey asked me to come out to see whatever he believed to be wrong with my car. He showed me that my front brake pads needed replacement. I had just replaced them in August when I bought the car, so I was skeptical. I told him I believed he was wrong and he seemed taken aback that I would argue with him over it. He quoted me $650 in parts and labor. I told him I'd let him know but that I wasn't going to do the work that visit. He said he didn't recommend I drive on them but gave me his business card so I could schedule a time forthe repairs. Since I was leaving for a road trip of 900 miles in a few days, I took my car for a second opinion. I did not tell the new mechanic of any known issues, simply asked for a basic brake inspection. About 40 minutes later, I was told that the brakes, front and back, were in great condition and no repairs were needed. I called the guy at Terrible's and let him know if not be returning for a brake job or any future oil changes either.
1	Every time I come to any terrible s I'm told my car has all these leaks and problems.. Then when I take my car to my trusted mechanic of 14 years.. He tells me they are crazy and the problems don't exist. And the up selling drives me nuts! If synthetic oil is better for the heat.. Why not make that the standard since we live in the desert? Does it really cost $20 extra for that oil ? I'm disappointed in the business practices here and always telling me my car is broke or leaking.. When it's really not.. My rating is purely in business ethics
5	I have been coming here for awhile to get my oil changes and I will continue to do so. I really enjoy the cleanliness of the sitting area and the staff in the Oil Change area is always very friendly. I really appreciate their honesty, my oil filters weren't quite ready to be changed and instead of trying to sell me new ones the attendant said I could wait on them. I've never had a problem or felt I was over charged when coming here. My car uses synthetic oil so my oil changes are always more expensive. I've had my oil changed once at Jiffy Lube and I'll never go back, I only trust this location to service my car!!
5	This is my go to lube and oil change location. They are right down the street from me and they are always super fast and attentive. I really like that they always take the time to educate me as to the status of my car and its parts. The new owner Donald is awesome and really took the time to meet his customers.
1	Very slow service.  Been here 30+ minutes and my car still hasn't come thru the wash part yet.  No one seems to know why things are taking so long.
2	Service at the gas station/convenience store is just as slow and lackadaisical as what's described in other reviews for the service area. Gas is by Chevron, so it's a good ten cents higher than what's across the street or even a block up at Rainbow.Convenience store is small, cramped, and dirty. Service is polite, but lazy: multiple employees present, two behind the counter, only one on register, line snaking back into the chips aisle.
