4	This review is for the Rosatis on Dynamite and Alma School in North Scottsdale....Lets see, ....two restless kids ages 6 and 8......6:30PM and no arrangements made for dinner.  So what do we do?  How about pizza and a movie back at the hotel........but where to get good pizza...hmmmmmm.  Well Rosatis is the place!  And the good news is that they even deliver.  The pizza is some of the best we have had.  Beautiful thin crust and delicious toppings.  We went with a 18" Classic Combo and it was  just the ticket!   The only downside was the delivery time.  They said it would take 45 to 'no more than an hour.  They finally showed (after a second call) an hour and 10 minutes into it.  Kids were almost fried by then, but I would go back at them with a second chance!
4	This is for the west Mesa & Tempe location, as they were both pretty much the same.Probably the best pizzas I have ever had. The only reason I wouldn't give it 5 stars is simply the price. It is twice as expensive as pizza hut or papa johns, although it is more than twice as delicious. It's definitely worth it if you use some coupons.I've had the monster thin and just now, the classic combo stuffed pizza. WOW! The 16" classic combo stuffed pie is HEAVY! No skimping on toppings or cheese. Worth paying $27. A $27 thin crust, ehh, once in a while.If you've got the dough to spend, it's the best.And I though the service was just fine.
3	Food was okay. The crust was a bit soggy
2	The Bf and I got some take out from this place a few days ago..... not so awesome. We got a double crust (or something to that effect) cheese pizza, a house salad, and garlic bread. The salad seemed old... the lettuce was all brown and wilted and the vegetables in the salad were not very fresh either. I couldn't even eat it. The garlic bread just tasted like buttered bread and the sauce was a bit strange and sweet. The pizza was too chewy and the cheese was thick. The sauce was good, but that was about the only good part of the experience. I wouldn't waste my money here again.... I'd prefer streets of new york for pizza in this area....or just driving to somewhere that's not west mesa for pizza, which is definitely your best bet.
2	I ordered one of Rosati's gourmet pizzas for takeout on a Friday night.  The pizza was pretty good, but had some pitfalls.  The service was okay, but not entirely reassuring when the employee didn't know the menu.2.5 stars - I've had better, but it wasn't terrible.As I placed my order I had a couple of questions....namely how much is a 16 inch gourmet pizza?  Instead of giving me this information, he asked me for my order.  Fine- I can always tell him no later.  I requested the 16 inch Pizza Valentino and was quoted $25- wow.  That is an expensive pizza.  I then asked "it looks like there is a pepper compote or something on the pizza, is that correct?" The response I got was "Well, I don't know every pizza on the menu, and that's not really a popular pizza".  Are you joking, you don't know your menu and couldn't just tell me "Let me check for you" ??I ordered the pizza anyway and hoped for the best.  When I arrived my pizza was ready and the kid at the counter showed it to me to confirm that it was correct, which was nice.  No significant complaints about the service once I was there. The flavor of the pizza was good enough, there were lots of toppings, not too much cheese, and a nice amount of sauce..  The "thin, crispy crust" that was advertised was all lies though.  The outer edges of the crust were very crispy were burnt (a very dark brown the whole way through and crumbly) and the middle was so soggy I had to scrape it off the cardboard with a spatula.  The middle pieces did reheat nicely in a toaster oven though.  The toppings (Italian beef, sausage, tomatoes, onions) were pretty good, though I would skip the sausage next time, as it had zero flavor.  The beef was actually very good, lots of flavor and very thin and tender.All in all, I would NOT pay $25 for this pizza.  There are frequent deals through Groupon Now and the store itself though, which makes the price a little better.  Still expensive for what you get, but better.  I won't say that a decent coupon won't tempt me to try Rosati's again, but my first impression wasn't great.
4	Picked up dinner for the family on the way home one night with a Groupon. If I hadn't gotten a map with my Groupon, I don't know as I could have found this place on my own. Completely overshadowed by an Applebee's, it's tucked into the main part of the shopping center on the south side of Baseline and Alma School, with a neon sign that simply says "Rosatis". It also seems to share a kitchen and dining room with another restaurant-South American? I opted for a thin crust (I typically prefer Pan or Chicago style deep dish, but didn't want to wait 30-40 minutes), and my only complaint was it seemed to have too much cheese on it. I know, I know, who doesn't like extra cheese-for free? Would have been better if the cheese was brown all the way across the pizza-the extra cheese made the center pieces (it's cut in squares, for the uninitiated) soggy and hard to pick up. Good pizza, regardless-plus it's on my way home. Groupon makes it a little more affordable (Extra large classic combo pizza runs 27 bucks without one), and they have dine in, which the one near my house (24th st and Baseline) does not. Might try the restaurant next door also (or in the same door, however it works there). I'll drop a review on that one too.
1	Was it a bad day or is it crazyI had a groupon certificate for 18.00 value. I had called and asked what they had going on that night. They told me an extra large one topping and get a small cheese free. I had ordered it and went to pick it up I paid the difference with my certificate and took home a great set of pizzas. A few weeks later my girlfriend gave me her certificate for the same place. When I called he looked up my number and saw the deal I had before. I repeated the order and went to pick it up. When I got there I gave the owner the certificate same as lat time and that is when things went wrong. He said that I had to pay for the cheese pizza. I told him this is the same thing I had ordered a few weeks before with the same deal. He again said I owed him 12.00 more for a small cheese pizza. I explained I did not have the extra money and would not have ordered it. He said I did order it and owe him. I again said that I can not afford that for a small cheese pizza. He yanks the pizza from the stack and throws it into the back cooking area smashing into pots and pans making a crashing sound. The staff from the back run out to see what is happening. I stand amazed and say you didn't have to do that. He yells back at me ITS MY PIZZA I CAN DO WHAT I WANT WITH IT. He is so worked up that he gives me to much change back which I return to him. No thanks just rage and anger. I was sad and when I contacted corporate in Chicago they explained that he is not part of their company. The name is the same the food  and menu is too. So he is on his own and does what he wants. So if you are up for a freak show feel free to come in and see the owner act out like a child in a temper tantrum.
4	I ate Rosatis when I lived in Chicago. Great pizza and their bottled giardiniera is fantastic.
5	I don't go anywhere else for Italian anymore I live in Ahwatukee and drive to Mesa for the amazing Italian dishes they serve here. And their cannoli & cheesecake? forget about it! freakin' amazing. You must put this neighborhood Pizza & pasta stop on YOUR bucket list. I eat here about 2-3 times a week, and I run another restaurant, but would rather eat here. Say hi to Erik the manager and sit back and enjoy a delicious meal.
1	You think they would be able to get an order for one med. pizza and a side of wings, ($35, $40 w/ tip) right, but they can't (my order was missing additional items that I was charged for but did not receive.). And when you've already waited an hour for delivery, and are brutally disappointed, you call back to rectify the situation and all they offer you is $5 credit on your next order. Pathetic!!! There will be no next order!P.S. I'm afraid to eat the chicken wings, for chance of food poisoning. They looked under cooked.P.S.S. don't waist your money and time....
