3	Um. Oh. Well. Gee. Ok. Get a grip Thomas! Let's start off by saying the thrift store business in Central Phoenix is pretty fierce. There are some great stores (Retro Redux), stores benifiting charity (Halo) and my favorite (Flo's). Seconds To Go also is linked to a charity (Chrysilis). So that's a great thing. But it sure makes it difficult for this reviewer to review. But let's just say the "housewares" section had a smelly recliner. Sort of like the one on Frasier, though I didn't see any duct tape. There was nothing of interest or of any style. I can wander around Retro Redux and Flo's for a long time. Seconds To Go? Well, seconds pretty much describes the amount of time I spent there. Lots of women's clothing including a lot of shoes. So ladies, trannys and drag queens may have luck here. I'll stop by again sometime to see if anything post  modern, or groovy 70s shows up. So, I'd say 2 stars, but, hey, they work with a charity. So three. I don't want to be a nudge.
5	There is always something different at Seconds 2 Go since they are getting new things in all the time.  They carry almost everything you would expect to find in a thrift store (furniture, handbags, household goods, shoes, etc.), but I think the biggest find here is the high-end designer women's clothing and shoes.  The prices are comparable to the other thrift stores in the area and with three other thrift stores (Flo's on 7th, Children's Angel Foundation's Thrift Boutique and Halo) it makes it a must on the route of thrift stores.  I always find something when I go in here and I'm sure you will too.
4	Noted, Thomas' review was written almost a year ago, when Seconds 2 Go had just opened shop. Since his visit, the shop has changed management and doubled in size. There is a larger housewares section now - and with any thrift store, it's hit or miss. Some days they have tons of furniture. The next day they have none. But take your chances and see if you can find what you're looking for at Seconds 2 Go. Generally their prices are reasonable, and their shoes and clothing are generally stylish and in good condition. Just don't get killed trying to jaywalk over to Maizie's before or after your shopping spree.
