4	Quite honestly we had a gorgeous wedding all in thanks mostly to the Flamingo Garden Chapel. You wouldn't know this place was turn and burn or there was a wedding an hour before us or an hour after us for that matter. Attention to detail speaks volumes to the red carpet service we got for our romantic Vegas destination wedding. We had about 50 guests from Cleveland come out to partake in the event, and it was 100% spot on awesome. They had every detail planned out perfectly. The Photographer was great, the photos were amazing. Even the flowers were excellent.  The beautiful garden made you think we were getting married in some Italian garden courtyard. Mind you the giant Flamingo Pool is located only a short walk from the little chapel and gazebo. You wouldn't even have noticed. The Minister was excellent, and the wedding planner spot on. It was the perfect day. The weather was beautiful, as was the bride of course. Our friends and family truly were wowed by the ceremony. You got some cheesy gifts for the wedding, a couple T-shirts and some champagne flutes which were fine for that Vegas flair. We also had limo service for a couple hours which took us to the courthouse for the wedding license. Why not go in style. The limo guy they used? Kind of obnoxious. I think he was trying to sell us on some business-pyramid scheme he had going on. He also forgot the champagne and something else where we had to sit and wait for him in the limo parking garage for a few minutes. We got out of the courthouse pretty quick and our dude was nowhere to be found so we had to wait for him a few more minutes to come back from wherever he was. Flamingo gives you the honeymoon suite for a couple of days with the package but honestly this was before they upgraded the suites. It was "OK" but nothing I was wowed with. It wasn't like a luxury suite, it was just two rooms more or less; a sitting room and the bedroom where the magic happens. However we only got the suite for like 2 days or something. The up-charge to stay there was nutso for what you got, which was basically not much in the land of Vegas extravagance. We were able to hold a small reception there for a bit and then retired down to the gaming floors next door. So I give 4 solid stars to the wedding venue itself and all that went on to make the day special. The Limo Driver and the dated suite lost a star for me overall as it came as a package deal.
5	Thank you so much for putting together my Wedding!  We loved all the wonderful people in the Chapel.  Great service, professional, friendly and everyone went out of their way for are request ( we had our Yorkie in the wedding).  Honestly everyone the service is over the top!  I recommend this chapel over other Wedding chapels in Las Vegas..  Thank you ladies : )  Mrs. Wilburn/Diethelm
5	Loved my wedding there!!!!  This is a place where you can be physical in Las Vegas, but your wedding pictures will look like youc were at some tropical island.  The photographer was excellent. The staff were friendly. The flowers were beautiful. The officiant was eh, but not an employee.
5	I couldn't imagine a more beautiful wedding!! I was originally supposed to get married at the crescendo pool, but after seeing the location and having a day be before wedding nervous breakdown we were able to have it at the Paradise falls location. The paradise falls was where i originally wanted my wedding and by having less people turn out then i expected i was able to have it again lol. This was such a beautiful, tropical location and everyone at my wedding loved it. I cant wait to come back maybe in a few years and renew my wedding vows here. The staff was very helpful and made the day special. The one negative note is the photographer was pretty terrible and the next day they make you pay a boat load or you don't get your pictures! We were blessed to have our brother in law who is a photographer take care of all the pictures after our ceremony that it wasn't a huge deal.
4	The Flamingo Garden and Falls Chapels were beautiful. I was satisfied with the Wedding Coordinator, Kristin. She was quick to respond when I was booking the venue and date however, that was probably the last time I heard from her. I've had doctor and/or hair appointments that will call and confirm a day or so prior to the reservation/appointment. You'd think that would happen with one of the biggest events of your life, but not here. I am more of a DIY-er and independent type so I didn't feel like I needed my hand held but I definitely noticed that if I had wanted that, I would have been out of luck!
5	I loved my wedding at the gazebo chapel! It was destination and I had never been to Vegas so I was pleased it came out so beautifully! While I disliked Iliana whom I worked with over emails for several months, I loved Samantha. She was the one we met with the day before and was there to help the day of. Work with Samantha if you can!
5	Getting married is nerve racking enough but making it a destination wedding, where you can't control all the details, is even worse as the date approaches. We shouldn't have worried as the Flamingo does it multiply times everyday and we couldn't be happier with the results. Ours was at the gazebo right next to the chapel(by far the best venue). We had Iliana as our coordinator and Tyrone as the minister and both were just perfect. We did a in room reception in one of the metro suites(a must have) and everyone loved it. We didn't buy extra photo time but still got over 100 pictures! Iliana saw to every detail before and during the trip from flowers to cake to our last minute requests. Overall if your planning to get married in Vegas stop looking this is the place. We got more for cheaper than we could have at home and it was better than anyone expected.The most important part is my wife is happy. Happy wife. Happy life. Thank you Flamingo and Iliana.
4	the grounds are beautiful, the wedding coordinators are awesome. however, while the photographers are nice, the don't know how to take pictures that well. I would suggest seeing if you can bring in your own photographer, it might cost more, but it will be worth it in the end, unless you know how to photo shop like a pro.
5	Ok this review is long overdue.   As in, over 2 years overdue.   My husband and had gotten engaged in Dec of 2010 and instantly knew we wanted a Vegas wedding.   After researching what seemed like an eternity of venues (which is really hard to do over the internet seeing as I am in Illinois) I started getting very nervous.   I had never been to Vegas so I felt like I was flying by the seat of my pants.    So to my rescue comes a coworker of mine that had suggested getting married at the Flamingo.   Not only did her daughter get married there, but she had as well.   She brought in pictures for me and just spoke so highly of the whole experience.    So I decided that it was a match for us.   We didnt need anything super extravagent like the Bellagio or anything.   This was perfectly in the middle for us.The wedding coordinator (I dont remember her name) was THE BEST.    She was absolutely sweet and always extremely helpful.   I love weddings and all but I dont envy brides that have to go through all the stress they go through.   I made a couple phone calls, told them what flowers I wanted, what music I wanted them to play and when, and boom.   All was done.   We chose to utilize the outdoor Gazebo.   Looking at photos of the actual chapel it reminded me too much of a funeral home...but then again, alot of the hotel chapels did.   It was HOT out but it was Sept, so expected.   The officiator met with me before I was to walk down the aisle and asked me questions regarding if I was ok with a couple religious aspects in the ceremony to which I said yes.  The wedding was perfect.   SHORT AND SWEET.    Oh, and the photographer had taken wonderful photos of us.   The Flamingo hotel outside has some beautiful backdrop spots for photos.   If you're wanted a simple but beautiful Vegas wedding I highly recommend Flamingo!
5	We got married at the waterfal (Chapel Falls) this week. It was a beautiful private setting. Jazmin, the wedding coordinator did a great job and was very helpful. The flowers were very pretty and just what I'd asked for. We had 7 guest, but it could have fit a few more and been very comfortable. I'd read some reviews on the waterfall being loud and not being able to hear the minister, and that seems to have been taken care of. In addition, their chapel has been recently renovated and it was VERY pretty! I'm sure they could send you some pictrues.
4	We got married at the Gazebo Chapel in May. Getting married in Las Vegas was the best decision we could have made- it was easy, stress-free and a great time. The only issue I had was that during our ceremony, you could hear pool noise (music)... It wasn't really loud, but it was audible. Overall, good experience and I would recommend getting married here- it's beautiful!
