5	This is one of the biggest parc's in Montreal. I love it here. Located on the top of the Plateau, this large European styled park has much to offer for young and elders alike. From ball fields to duck ponds, soccer to skating, open space to tall maples and shady oaks, this park stretches out over many blocks.The city maintains the parc and keeps in clean and tidy. Love the flower gardens, fountains, statues, and virtually tame squirrels.Open from sunrise to 11:00pm sharp and curfew is enforced so be wary.
5	During the winter, the pond become a skate rink.  It's free, big, nice, beautiful... Bring your skates and have fun! Good place for families, friends...If you don't have skates like me :) It's nice to walk around and watching people.
5	This is how a small urban park should be! Easy to get to from the bike path(s), super lush, some manicured gardens, and full of folks enjoying the outdoors. Even on a hot day (mid-90s!), people--old and young--were sitting around, playing music, reading, biking, skating, napping, picnicking. As an aside, I particularly liked the shallowness of the ponds because I'm terrified of murky pond water and also of drowning. If you are too, then you'll love . . . the shallow and very clear ponds at Parc Lafontaine.
4	I am ashamed.  This park was only a couple of blocks from my hotel and yet when I looked on the map I thought to myself that it was just a little park that wasn't worth a trip.  I'm so sorry because it totally was worth it.This is no little park.  I don't know what the mapmaker was thinking but this is one heck of a park!  There is a lovely pond in the middle with scores of benches and a little footbridge over the middle where you can watch dogs splash about and water running over some mini-falls.  I walked the entire perimeter of the park, and on a Sunday morning, it was packed with people enjoying a sunny, summer day.  Its great for families and I saw more than one group with a blanket enjoying a Sunday brunch picnic!  What a great idea!!
5	As a squirrel enthusiast this park blew my mind.  Squirrels of all shapes, sizes and colors approached me and one even climbed onto my leg while I was feeding him.  I was in heaven.  I make it a point to spend as much time here when visiting Montreal as possible.  The pond, fountain, ducks and lush foliage also adds to the beauty of this place but let's be honest I go there for the squirrels.  I'm also super excited about the fact that you can bring beers and just hang out here. Rad.
5	Small urban park in the middle of the city. Great walking paths, lush grass, and as fall as officially started, gorgeous leaves turning colors. We sat by the lake across from the amphitheater for some time enjoying the sunshine, observing the animals (lots of birds and squirrels), and people-watching. The animals are super fun. These squirrels are not as fat as the ones on my college campus back home in the US, but just as entertaining. We saw one climb into the trash can and pull out a brown paper bag another visitor had just tossed in. As it nom-ed on crumbs, several birds gathered round to try to take. Another squirrel stepped in and charged into some of the other birds. It took the bag when the first squirrel was done and finished the remains. Meanwhile, one bird chased another bird with a large piece of bagel in its mouth. On our way out of the park, we saw an albino squirrel. Fun times. Everyone should bring a picnic and enjoy nature without having to hurt themselves (see my reviews of Mont Royal or Rhode Island Cliff Walk). Free plays in the summer and the lake is turned into an ice skating rink in the winter.
4	Although this park cannot match the magnificence of the park which gives Montreal its name, this place is a very cool in its own right.  With its vast open spaces, thongs of people lounging, and the various play areas (e.g. tennis courts and baseball diamonds), this park reminded me of a slightly more rugged Boston Common (but with a lot more wine drinkers).  Definitely a great place to hang out during the day or for a romantic stroll at night with a loved one.
5	Very nice park! Nice walks in the summertime. Ice skating during winter
5	Great park as a destination for running. Squirrels and ducks in the lake. Great for barbecues.
4	Who doesn't love a park ?!? Great place to get a sun tan in the summer. Lots going on at the outdoors theatre (music, movies ect...). Bike lane, running lane, small lake, sitting area, everything you need to have a good time.
5	Love this place. I make sure to cut across it every time I need to head up Duluth. It's a pretty big park that is filled (yet never crammed) with people. Perfect for a picnic, stroll, or bike ride through. There is a theatre in the park though, so depending on where you are, you may have to put up with bad opera renditions, or just choose a new spot.
5	I obviously haven't spent enough time in Parc Lafontaine. I was always a Mt Royal person but I think that will change next summer. Lafontaine Parc reminds me of Central Park. It's larger, has a multitude of paths, nice water features like Westmount Park but it still relatively calm. They also have a restaurant that I'm dying to try and it's not as packed with tourists as most other Montreal greenspaces. Not to mention, you have bars like Le Lab right across the street. Certainly looking forward to spending more time here.
