5	We are visiting Pittsburgh and were walking past this very nice barber shop on the South Side.  I turned to my husband and said, "You wanna go?"  Which meant, "You need to go!"  What an amazing job the owner did.  My husband got a haircut, his edges cleaned up, his brows groomed, beard trimmed and edged- all for $20.00.  The owner/barber was unbelievably talented and knowledgable about his trade.  He was focused and not too chatty - he was professional. We were impressed and happy.  If we lived here, it would become my husband's barber shop.
5	I noticed this barber shop the last couple of times I was in the southside. It was nice those day/nights and I loved how it had sliding front widows that opened it up to the public which made for a freindly vibe. My good friend who has cut my hair for years recently moved out of town, so I needed to find a new barber. I went there on Thursday, October 18th for the first time and it is absolutley going to be my new shop. there was a bit of a wait, but with the 60 inch flat screen playing ESPN on the wall; it didnt matter. The camaraderie of the employees and the interaction with t he customers is what I was looking for. The shop has a very young feel to it, attains the up most professionalism. I was cut by Aaron, and he is truely gifted. I am very, very particular over being able to do a tight fade and Aarons work is top notch. I observed the owner/barber JC also cut and he is of the same master skill level. I advise anyone looking to find a new barber to walk into the shop and u will enjoy the cut as much as you will the atmoshphere.
3	Decent shop but geared more toward edge up style cuts. You won't leave with a natural hairline.
5	This place is where to go for a great men's haircut in Pittsburgh.  The barbers are spot on with their skills.  I walked out looking five years younger, at least.  Loved it!
5	Just moved to the area and used Yelp to assist me with finding a new shop. I liked the previous reviews and ratings here and it's one of the few shops I saw open on Sunday.They were open on time and I was greeted by RC. RC is an amazing barber. He's kind, makes you feel at home, and truly amazing with sheers.  I felt like I had been coming to this place for years. RC spoke so highly of his boss and fellow barbers at the shop that I know if I were in a bind and he wasn't available I would be in amazing hands with anyone there.  I will be going back.
5	I moved back to Pittsburgh after three years away and I am so glad I found Southside Barbers! I have gone there three times so far and have yet to have a bad haircut. That may sound like faint praise, but my hair is a pain if you don't know what you're doing and I have had my share of terrible cuts at other shops.  I prefer RC to the others, but I trust any of them enough to cut my hair. Definitely appeals to a younger crowd overall, but I have seen all different types of people in there. Pros: I go there without appointment, pay $15 and get a great cut fast. Can't ask for much more than that. Cons: Without appointment, you'll probably wait awhile. Also, depending on who's there, you may have people smoking in the shop and dogs roaming around. Just things to be aware of.
5	This place is legit. The guys are hillarious and always getting underneath each others skin. They need their own TV show! They always have a line and they cut a lot of famous peoples hair. I would highly reccomend to anyone out of town looking for a a good tape up/fade who is fed up with the other so called barber shops in pittsburgh.Two things that I don't like - they only accept cash which is kind of a bummer (they used to use square? not sure what happened to that). Second is that they don't do appointments/ if you do call ahead the cut becomes $30 instead of $15. Plus the little pomeranian kona makes all the difference in choosing shops. I'm never dissappointed in my haircut when I go there.
5	Just moved to Pittsburgh and figured I would try this place out since it was highly recommended. The shop did not disappoint. $15 for a cut and a little entertainment is a great deal.Found my new barber shop.
5	I travel to Pittsburgh for work often from Philadelphia and stumbled upon this Barbershop on one of my latest trips. I was a "walk in" and 10 mins later I was in a chair getting a great skin fade with a hard part.  Fantastic hair cut and great, if not ridiculous banter from the three barbers working.  Highly recommended and 1/2 the price of a good clipper style haircut in Philly.
