4	Great haircut. Erick, used to work at the art of shaving for 2 years and decided it was time to open up an even better place right near all the bars in oldtown. I will be back for sure. 5 stars well deserved.
4	Been to many barbers in the valley, I won't go anywhere else except Cut Throat. Erick and Edgar are both master barbers, their haircuts and shaves are impeccable.
5	I work in Scottsdale, Arizona. The drive is about 15-20 minutes away to most shops and this is right on the way from work. The brothers that cut are a great duo, dressed as gentleman, with savvy business skills. I appreciate the fact that they can also cut Black Men's hair. I will be back.
5	I travel for work and have been to many barber shops in many cities, and this is the best cut I've had. It's a pair of dapper brothers dressed to the nines running this sleek little shop in the heart of old town. They clearly enjoy giving top notch haircuts and take great pride in their work. Bravo!
5	I got a great hair cut by Edgar. He spent time and provided a new cut that I like. The service was very good and atmosphere was relaxing
5	Finally a great new barber shop in oldtown. Great detail and conversation. Will return.
5	I walked into this great barbershop yesterday that was recommended to me by some coworkers. It's a great little spot with two chairs and a unique environment. They just opened up a little over a month ago so it's not done, but it has a lot of promise.Erick cut my hair and he did a masterful job. Pretty sure I've never seen anyone more focused on a haircut before, which is very appreciated. Being my first time in, he wanted to know quite a bit about what I usually do with my hair and was genuinely interested in making sure I would leave looking how I wanted. Couldn't be happier with the service I got and the price was spot on. I'll definitely be back and am looking forward to letting Erick give me one of his award winning shaves.
5	I've been going to Erick when he worked at The Art of Shaving. Now with his own shop in old town Scottsdale which is surrounded with local shops and bars. Ideal for those that want to look fresh before hitting the scenes.  Erick is very humble and very friendly. He makes every experience as though you have been friends for years. Always interacting with you while concentrating with your cut. Even beard trims are welcomed with a straight razor to define your line and neck cleanups. Also carries hair pomades and beard oil to keep up with the fresh look!
5	All I have to say is FINALLY. Comin from CA I was spoiled with tons of great barber shops to choose from. Been livin in AZ for over a year and hadn't found anyone that REALLY knew how to give a classic cut. Used the same picture to explain what I wanted everywhere else but Cut Throats was the first place to actually nail it. I recommend this place to any guy that needs a classic cut
5	Excellent Service and quality work! Probably the best haircut I've ever had. Edgar was awesome! I'll definitely be coming back.
5	Outstanding first visit for cut & beard!  Owner operated  w/ a great entrepreneurial spirit & forward thinking plans for  enhancing  their business/client experience.  Hopefully, they'll be adding mani/pedi service. Thanks guys.
5	I have been going to Rita for a long, long time now and I am so happy to be one her many happy clients at Scottsdale She is the most professional, courteous and talented stylist I have ever been to and I have been to many top salons all over Manhattan. Once you find someone as great as Rita who does everything brilliantly, you will never go to anyone else. She is charming and easy going and there isn't anything she can't do. She has an amazing rapport with her clients because she gives them lots of attention. Her cuts and color are cutting edge and very distinctive.
5	Really great cut!  Time was taken to do it right; to clean up the shape of my hair and beard.  Finished cut was awesome and better than I anticipated.  Edgar was my barber and my best advice is just let him do what he wants--he has great skill and vision.  I would come back again in a heartbeat!
5	I went in for a fade and hard part; outstanding work! Great service and attention to detail. In addition, was very happy to find they were military friendly and offered a discount. I certainly recommend.
5	Erick used to cut my hair at his previous place The Art of Shaving. Glad the entrepreneurial brothers opened shop in my neighborhood. Never a bad haircut. The guys are friendly, know their stuff and I can highly recommend them Love supporting local businesses. if you need a haircut or shave, Cut Throat Barbershop is the place to be.
