4	I know that people have strong feelings about dealerships mainly negative, but I have to admit I have been very happy with the service at subaru south.This is the second time I am getting an oil change, and I have gotten extra work done in both cases.On my first visit I had a couple of lights fixed, and they gave me a fair price on the parts and labor.On this visit they recommended replacing a front left axil and also my battery.  Based on my experience with cars, and the piece of crap battery I put in the car previously, both of these are good recommendations.
1	Terrible experience. After receiving an online price quote, drove 2.5hrs to buy an Outback here. When we arrived price was finalized and we gave our personal and financial information and our credit report was pulled.  After all this they significantly increased the stated price.  It was as if they obtained all our information to see how much we could really afford.  Sales manager named Rick Greenwood was unprofessional, insulting and rude.  Would never recommend this dealer to family, friends or anyone!
1	I have taken my subaru to this dealer for 5 regularly scheduled maintenances.  I own a subaru outback xt and there is a plastic engine cover that is bolted on or clipped on.  I noticed that after one of my visits the cover wasn't re-attached.  It got me thinking that if the mechanic can't take the 1 minute it takes to bolt the thing on, what else are they not bolting back on that I can't see?When i pointed this out to the dealer, they tried to charge me for somewhat expensive bolts for the cover.  I pointed out to the dealer that they lost the original parts, and rather then giving me the bolts which they lost, they used some cheap plastic clips to re-attach the cover.I would like them to treat the vehicle as if it were their own.  I don't think that is an unreasonable expectation.
2	I went here after moving from out of state and not knowing any mechanics or dealers in the area.  I needed to have it inspected and they offered to look at it for free.  They couldn't hear many of the things I noticed but did say I needed an oil change and an air filter replacement so I had that done.  It was an awfully long wait, a little over two hours and their waiting room is not like other dealerships with nice coffee or beverages.  Prices standard, nothing to rave about.I came back for a transmission flush they said I needed, used a $40 of $200+ coupon they had on their website.  It didn't address the problem and ended up the tune up they also suggested that I got elsewhere did.  The young lady at the front desk rang up the bill wrong 3 times.  She seemed to not know much about running an office and maybe was just hired? What really bothered me is the bill was $10 more than all the subtotals tallied, but there was a $10 miscellaneous charge, so I called to ask why.  The answer was so salespitchy but not the least bit valid or logical.  According to the manager, all cars get a miscellaneous fee between $7 and $17 or something like that.  It's to cover for shop fees, disposal, random amounts.  So I asked why it wasn't included in all the other service areas that mention that, and his answer just went in circles.  A miscellaneous fee without a description in my opinion in a completely hidden fee.  What irked me is he said other shops are usually much more, and theirs is less. This is no first mechanic experience for me, and I have NEVER had random charges I have to call about and then told that there's a RANGE they choose to assess on the car later.  It's $10 so I won't fight it, but it was just really unprofessional to see it pop up like that but even more ridiculous when I heard that sales speech that just went on and on about nothing that makes sense.Go to Tindol in Gastonia.  Very very laid back, honest, and super affordable!  (And there is NOOOOOOOOOOOO miscellaneous charge, South Subaru like you told me all other dealers do!, rather there's a miscellaneous discount of $50 they applied without me even knowing there was a coupon!)
5	Great Service! I bought sever vehicles from here and always have a great experience.
5	Have had nothing but great experiences at this location. We purchased our first Subaru here last year and it's been nothing but a continuation of great service since. We drive a 2012 Outback and our experience with the sales department was one of the easiest I've dealt with to date. Now, that doesn't mean they didn't try to play hardball (It's their job, folks) but they did end up getting us the car we wanted for a price we were comfortable paying. As for the service and parts department, these guys do stellar work. From scheduling appointments for oil changes, getting the tires rotated, purchasing accessories, what have you, the gentlemen have been nothing but great to work with. They really do make it easy. They also offer some great prices on packages for service. Upon my last visit, oil change, top off of fluids, tire rotation, filter change, and other inspection points was less than $50. Good stuff. I love having this location as my go-to for all things Subaru.
5	I really liked dealing with Charles at Subaru South Boulevard. He was very low-key and easy to work with. I wanted an Outback in a configuration (color, style and engine size) that proved a bit challenging to find, but the Subaru South Blvd team worked their magic and the car is exactly what I wanted. I hope that the service is as good as the sales!
5	Just bought my new Subaru crosstrek here and am highly satisfied.
4	I just bought my 2nd car here and have had great experiences both times. My sales person was Chris Stone on both cars (one new and one used) and he has proven to be knowledgeable and helpful. I am not familiar with the service department there as I have not had any work done there.
5	I test drove a vehicle at Subaru S blvd and I had a great experience. Even though I did not end of purchasing I will say they made it very easy and were low pressure. I will definitely go back when I am ready to purchase. I wish all car dealerships were this easy to work with.
5	Subaru South Blvd treated me with excellence and the utmost level of respect. Their promptness to my needs was unprecedented. I'd never experienced customer service from a dealership that great. Patrick, Daniel, Jeffrey and Chuck made sure I was well taken care of. Not to mention the vehicle was reasonably priced and I left the dealership feeling "like a million bucks"! Looking for a new vehicle? Be sure to check out Subaru South Blvd.
3	I love my Subaru, but I can't say the same about the dealership.Michael was my contact there, and it seems like he was more interested in doing the "car salesmen" production then helping me. I asked questions during our correspondence, which he neglected to answer, while responding to my emails. After sorting past my questions, when I came to inspect the Forester I would be purchasing, the car was dirty, it had residue from adhesives on the windows, which they removed. Upon closer inspection after I left, there was spots around the radio that weren't cleaned. Even though it was a pre-owned car, it should not have been dirty like that. Everyone in the financing office was great, we dealt with Kevin and he was extremely professional and diligent in his duties. Towards the end of our interactions, I began to feel rushed as they were trying to close the deal. A week after signing, I received an email from Michael, asking me how it was going and if I was enjoying the car. I responded and let him know my concerns about the cleanliness of the car, and told him I loved driving the car. It has been three weeks since I've sent that email and I haven't heard back from them. Overall, I'd rate the dealership a "B-."I would hesitantly recommend them, but with warning.
