1	Rude welcoming by owner. Store was completely empty and owner yells from back of salon "what do u need". Walked out before giving a dime to a business that doesn't understand service
5	I had a great experience. I stopped in not really knowing what time it was, and they took me right away. I arrived before they even opened, oops. What great service to get me started to soak while they finished setting up. It's a little hidden in the strip mall, but clean, and affordable. Since this place is under new management there was a special for a manicure and pedicure for $30! Well worth it. I will be going back and am telling all my friends to go there too. I really liked that the owners asked me questions and got to know me. I felt like I was one of the family.  :)
5	This is the ONLY place I get my nails done because they style the best, most detailed work and are so incredibly caring. Tim and Kimmy are the sweetest ever and Kimmy consistently has a new type of polish or design to try! Gorgeous shades and designs to choose from and a huge variety of gel polish. Love them!!!!
4	Recently got my nails done by Kimmy! Let me say, she's wonderful. I told her I wanted French tip gel. And they turn out beautiful. Perfect shape I ask for :) next time I'm definitely getting a full treatment because she takes her time and its worth my money. Even if I gotta drive about 40mins. Reasonable price, especially in ScottsdaleP.s. the shop is well maintain and it's very open! I believe she remodeled the whole place. Looks great though!
5	Yay!!  I've finally found a nail shop that I LOVE!  Kimmy and Tim are great, they do an outstanding job and are a pleasure to chat with.  The shop is newly remodeled with comfortable chairs, it's very clean, and the pricing is extremely fair.  I always go with the gel nail and pedicure and have been impressed with how long it lasts every time.  I highly recommend checking them out, just prepared for a great experience with live comedy and all!
5	I loved this nail place!!! I l really enjoyed the lady and man that worked here. They were very funny!!!  The lady was so nice and did an awesome job on my toes. The prices are very reasonable. I will be back for sure!
2	I've been here more than I'd like to admit. I feel like that kid on the playground that's always trying to be friends with the mean kids. Kimmy is funny and sweet but literally every time I go there, it's an hour wait for an eyebrow wax. I love the way she does my brows, and I can (and do) go to one of the other 20 nearby places but I don't want to. I wish they would hire more people or let someone's feet soak for the 5 minutes it takes to do my brows. It's called multi tasking and it's easy. I've had to let my feet soak while waiting. People generally understand. Get your priorities straight kimmy, you could have soooo much more business.
5	As a man, I don't expect or ask for much when I get the occasionally pedicure, but Kimmy definitely exceeded all of my expectations.  She was courteous, polite, and personable.  My nails were cut to perfection.  She took time to understand how I wanted my nails cut and executed the cut to my liking.She worked diligently to make sure the heels of my feet were smooth.Prices were reasonable too!  I highly recommend KT Nails!  When I visited the shop, only Kimmy and her husband were working so I'd also recommend making an appointment just in case they are super busy.
5	LOVE this place! Stopped in because it was close to the hotel I was staying at, but couldn't be happier. Got a manicure and pedicure the price was super reasonable, 30 for both and this is the best I have had in a very long time. I will be sure to be back the next time that I come through!
5	The two who run this salon are so nice! It's great to have people who are personable to do your nails. They take there time and do a great job and my finger and toes. My go-to is a gel-manicure and it always looks perfect and lasts! I've been a couple times now and there are consistent with quality work. The couple are the only two I've ever seen working there, so it's worth giving a call before you head in otherwise you might be waiting.
