1	DO NOT GO TO THE GYM!!! I can not warn you enough about this gym- it is run by a bunch of criminals that will steal your money. My boyfriend and I signed up with this gym when it was originally World's Gym. World's Gym suddenly closed and changed to Powerhouse Gym. A few months later Powerhouses Gym closed and West Coast fitness bought in August 2009. At this time- we moved and were no longer going to go to this gym. My boyfriend went to the gym and signed a cancellation request form- there should have been no problems, because our year contract had expired. He was told that he would be charged for one more month and then the memberships would be canceled. Two months later my boyfriend was still being billed. He went back and was told that for some reason the request didn't go through. They didn't have any record of him signing the paper, so he had to start again from scratch again. Two months later, present day, Joe is still being charged. It wasn't until I went to the club and made a huge scene in front of entire gym that they said they would refund a portion of the cost and will cancel the membership. Stephanie, I believe she is the front desk manager, plays dumb and never follows through with anything she says. JT is the Gym manager and blatantly lies to your face. To cancel your membership, the front desk will tell you that you need to speak to JT, but JT never returns your calls. Stephanie signed my boyfriends membership cancellation, so never let her tell you this lie...just get someone to sign it and make sure you get a copy of your cancellation policy. You might even want to fax it off to paramount yourself, because the ignorant people that work at the front desk barely know how to work the fax machine. Again, DO NOT SIGN UP FOR THIS GYM!! They will steal your money and will lie straight to your face. Please contact me if you have any questions regarding this gym!
1	Please check out westcoastfitnesssucks.com for additional information
1	Do not go here.  They run a scam where they charge members an upgrade fee and they not only do not upgrade the poor ass gym, but they turn around and sell it to a new buyer who they tell they can "charge an annual upgrade fee" and make some quick dough.
2	The gym is not the nicest! Half of the employees are friendly. Price is a little high.
