5	Good sushi/Asian food at reasonable prices. Great lunch specials. Hibachi meals great. Kids selections. All good.
5	Good quality sushi, great hibachi selections, and reasonable kids selections. I'll definitely be back and I suggest you try them also.
5	Great sushi and great service. I'm really happy to have found a good sushi place so close to home!
3	This place got me in on their all you can eat sushi deal, it's Monday-Friday until 3:00. It's a nice size restaurant with a sleek decor. I came in on a Friday for lunch and it was slow. The all you can eat deal gives you 4 prices of sushi which is a bit of a sample in my eyes. I may have to try their regular priced rolls to see the difference.  For the deal you have the option for all the basic rolls, no house rolls on the list. I would come here again to get my sushi fix if I'm on this side of town.
5	First time here.. Other than being out of a couple of draft beers, it was amazing. Sushi was the best we've had in town and the service was great.  Great atmosphere. We will definitely be back!!.
5	This is a new sushi place in the Quail Corner shopping center.  I am very impressed with their quality of food and service.  The sushi is so fresh and the chinese menu is delectable.  I really enjoy their basil beef and their arrange of appetizers are very satisfying.  I definitely recommend the salt mackeral as well as the fried octopus.  Overall this is a place that I will be visiting often.
5	This place is amazingggg I can't say enough great things about their lunch special.  So it's $14.95 all you can eat but instead of it being a buffet like most places, you get a menu that has all the sushi options on it, plus you can order spring rolls, rice, etc. and its all included! The waiter was awesome and explained the set up perfectly.  You can order as much sushi as you want your first round of ordering the only thing they ask is that you finish all the food you ordered before ordering more so they don't have to waste food (which is awesome) it also makes you take your time so you don't end up wobbling out of the restaurant from consuming too much sushi!  The spring rolls are made to order too and the best I've ever had!
3	To be fair, I think this place is OK.For $14, I am not really feeling like this place has impressed me. I like that they do not encourage wasting food, on the menu it specifically says that you must finish ALL food before requesting for more if you choose the buffet menu. You are also not allowed to leave the rice of the sushi. The problem is, if you are a first timer and is not sure what you are ordering, you are pretty much doing hit or miss. Also, if you happen to not like what you get, well, tough luck? The price for all you can eat sushi is $14, it is from monday to sunday from 11-3. You are also allowed to order unlimited spring rolls, which comes with duck sauce, and white rice, brown rice or fried rice. Other than that, you better REALLY like sushi. They give you a sheet to order your sushi off, the rolls comes in 4 pieces, if you get nigiri, there is one piece. Like someone below me said, that's kinda like a sushi sampler. I only tried the squid nigiri, and that is pretty fresh quality wise. However, I am bummed this place doesn't have sashimi. All sushi comes with a big chunk of rice at this place and honestly, you can't really order all that much, so you decide if it's worth the $14 for lunch. Customer service is very good, no complaint, except of course minor gossip between waiters which is typical of Asian places. Not sure if I will be back...cute decor though I suppose, love the bubbling waterfall at the front entrance.
4	Environment 3.5; Friendliness 5+; *Food Taste 3.5; Service 5+I have no real grips. I would definitely go back again and recommend. I did not eat the Sushi, instead preferring to eat a plated  meal, (Teriyaki steak, rice, veggies and salad.) The food was served quickly and at perfect temperature. My teriyaki was not the classic taste and had no discernible sweetness or even a hint of ginger.  The meat was very tender and I still enjoyed it. All else was perfect! I can't wait to go back and try something else.
1	Not a fan.  Trying to cut carbs from diet which of course makes eating sushi a challenge. Tried to eliminate some of the excess rice from my rolls today and was told by the manager "there was a problem and that I was not eating it correctly" by not eating all of the rice, I would not be served any more. That was a first for me and a last for eating here.
5	The lunch special: $14, spring rolls, fried rice or white rice, and a crazy good selection of sushi rolls and nigiri...So i asked the very nice server, Christian, how it worked and she said to order whatever quantity you wanted, up to 10 pieces...and i misunderstood this to mean 10 pieces at a time...but in reality, it was 10 rolls of 4 pieces each (as stated on the menu), so i ended up with 40 pieces....and it was outstanding!!!  and they asked if i wanted more..i could barely move.  We were going to Rusans but they were INSANELY packed when i remembered Umai had opened...so glad Rusans was packed or i would not have had the chance to try this place.  I'll be returning as soon as my waistline lets me.  Just remember: 1 roll= 4 pieces, 1 piece nigiri=1 piece...I am just amazed at how much better of an experience it is than the standard all you can eat buffet type thing...they encourage not wasting food, and they make it worthwhile to order what you want...so good.  i can't ramble enough about it.  Just so good.
5	Healthy portioned kids meal chicken hibachi. Delicious rising sun roll. Very very friendly fast service.  Tasteful relaxing decor.
5	Me and my husband ordered the buy one get one free sushi and it was absolutely delicious very fresh very upscale but very laid-back as well I love this place and will continue going to as long as I live in Charlotte.
5	I used to live in Charlotte and travel there for business now.  Finally there's a real Japanese restaurant with a real Japanese Chef, and not your run of the mill, I did it too, sushi restaurants.  The service was great along with the quality.  But the best thing about the restaurant was all the unique dishes they had.  Try the deep fried sushi roll - yes you heard me, deep fried sushi roll.  The rice is stick to your teeth good.  The Agedashi tofu is soft, sweet, and delicate.  My only complaint is that the portions were too big so we couldn't try more dishes.
5	My go to place for sushi! You have to try this place, especially check out they're all you can eat sushi deal!
1	All You Can Eat RiceBy offering nigiri only with the all you can eat buffet (with a big chunk of rice under a tiny piece of fish) and insisting (rudely) that you will not be served more until you eat all of the stomach filling rice, they are not doing much to ensure a return visit.
4	I've been exploring my new neighborhood and found this gem.  We started off with the lettuce wraps (gf is vegetarian so went with tofu) and they were awesome.  After apps, moved onto and really enjoyed the surf and turf specialty roll.  The restaurant has a great atmosphere for any date night or casual dining experience.  Looking forward to visit again!
5	Food was delicious -- maybe some of the best sushi I have ever had -- prices were excellent as well -- will definitely come back!
3	I had the Marilyn Monroll and it was good but ordered The One and it was bland and poorly rolled. My overall experience felt rushed. I was there for and hour and the server checked on me 20 times and would take plates before I was done. Not the worst place but certainly not the best.
3	Looking for a sushi lunch buffet on a Monday afternoon and trusty Yelp brought me to Umai. I was expecting a buffet style, but turned out to be made to order.  The selection was if basic negiri and rolls, no specialty rolls. Service and quality was fine, but the selection was disappointing.  I'd be willing to give it another go if I were in the neighborhood, but not worth making a special trip for.
5	Oh my god. Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! YES!If you like Sushi/Asian food you have GOT to check this place out!!! Having been in the service industry for majority of my working life I'm always expecting the best of best service. And that is exactly what I got!!!! From the moment our server, Justin, came to our table I knew I was in for a wonderful dinning experience. He had such a wonderful, vibrant presence about him. He was funny and attentive and didn't spend TOO much time at our table like some servers have a problem doing. We started off taking his suggestion of the special on drinks and had an amazing saketini! DELICIOUS! So good we had to have a second round! (Careful, they will sneak up on you!)  I started off with miso soup and a salad with ginger dressing- I LOVE ginger dressing. Theirs is amazing!!!Following that we split an assortment of sushi!  Oh. My. God!!! It was incredible. It was SO fresh!!! So delicious. I highly recommend trying the tuna royal roll. OM NOM NOM!!!! I really wanted to try dessert, but I just didn't have any room- I'll remember for next time to leave room to give it a shot!!So yeah- for sure you HAVE to ask for Justin to be your server, order a sakatini, sushi and if you still have room for desert I'm sure it's absolutely incredible as well!!!It was so refreshing to dine at a place and have such an AMAZING experience. I wish I could give infinite stars! Will most definitely be back!
2	Well, it was not amazing. There are better places in Charlotte to get sushi. And we were over charged for our drinks! Aside that, the service was great and the place is nice. Would I go back? Likely no.
5	New favorite sushi spot ! They had my favorite roll PinkGirl ! The Pad Thai was delicious ... The place is very nice and the prices are great for lunch & dinner ! Unique decor and attentive wait staff .. Two Thumbs way up
4	So happy this place opened up in Quail Corners. Their lettuce wraps are delicious and you chose chicken, shrimp OR tofu. Their sushi is excellent and the rolls are a good size. Definetly give this place a try!
4	So let me first say this was my first sushi since moving to Charlotte. Umai had some big shoes to fill as the sushi restaurant I went to in Orlando, I loved. Umai was almost as good definitely worth going back for a second time. I had the shrimp tempura roll and the XOXO roll. The tempura was just your typical tempura roll which is my go to roll and I loved it. The XOXO was just ok in my opinion. It had mango, cream cheese and basil. I wasn't a huge fan of the basil so I probably would try a different roll next time.The reason for the 4 rating was my husband does not like sushi so it's hard to find a sushi restaurant with good "other" food and he loved his food! He got a miso soup, that I tried, and it was refreshingly delicious. Also ordered an appetizer of potato croquette which is like fried mashed potatoes with cheese and corn also really good!! For his main meal his ordered the chicken hibachi dinner with fried rice. He claims the best food he's had at a sushi restaurant, which is saying a lot for him!For the service, our waiter was really friendly and we loved the atmosphere. We will be back!
5	Best Asian food in south charlotte ... Love this place! Never disappoints in serving delicious sushi and fantastic desserts ! Two thumbs way up !
4	Good sushi in Charlotte! Girlfriend and I went here for a date lunch, and we both thought the fish was fresh and the prices were reasonable.  I got the sushi lunch with side ginger salad, and she got the all you can eat $14 sushi lunch special.  Service was reasonably fast, and bill came $25 for the two of us.  Not a bad place to go when craving some raw fish!
3	My review is only based on my experience with the all you can eat lunch.Stopped in for the "all you can eat" lunch buffet, at the suggestion of a friend whom said it was good. The food quality was not too bad, service was pretty good, and it seemed like a nice clean place. The lunch deal is $14/person, and not really a buffet, but you can order unlimited off a small menu. It was a pretty slim sushi roll selection, and about 8 different nigiri choices. Only about 4 fish options for nigiri. They also offer rice or spring rolls which was cool, and the spring rolls were good and came out fast.Not amazing, but the fish tasted fresh, and the service was good. Will I be back someday? Sure. I would like to try them for dinner sometime, with a more expanded menu option.
5	Some of the best sushi I've had since moving to Charlotte. Sashimi was super fresh, they had interesting, delicious rolls and the service was excellent...I look forward to going back!
3	After passing Umai and seeing some recent reviews I wanted to check it out. I decided to order a variety of items to get a good idea of the overall food at Umai.I started with the edamame and spring roll. Both really good. The edamame was topped with sea salt and warm to the bite, yum! The spring roll was also great, lightly fried and not greasy, with a variety of veggies inside. So, my starters were the best part of the meal. Onto the sushi. I ordered salmon nigiri, a spicy tun hand roll and the Japanese Mafia roll. The salmon was good. Spicy Tuna, ugh! Unfortunately there were a lot of tuna veins throughout the roll and it was hot, and not hot in a good way. Oh, and to top it off I received a roll of entire rice, and not a hand roll. And, as for the Japanese Mafia, it is a cooked roll, but the fish was cook too long that it smelled and ruined the flavor of what was meant to be. I did enjoy the crab salad in the roll though, since you usually see crab sticks.Overall, everything was okay, but not a sushi spot I would run back to anytime soon.
5	This is a first class place with great atmosphere I am definitely coming back here food was awesome.  All you can eat sushi at lunch for $14 is an incredible deal.
4	What a great find to stumble upon. In the unassuming Quail Hallow shopping center, we decided to try Umai. On a quiet Monday night, this place was pretty empty. We were seated right away. Our waiter was wonderful, helpful, speedy and seemed like he genuinely enjoyed his job. The sushi was fresh with one spider roll and one tuna royale it was a great end to a Long MONDAY. We also snacked on some miso soup, shrimp tempura appetizer, dumplings and this delish fried mashed potatoes. I think our servers name was Justin! He deserves some serious props. Also I think we received our entire meal in less than 20 minutes.
5	Hello friends,I'm glad a nice sushi spot has opened up near me. It looks really nice in the inside. I usually go in the daytime. They now have a pretty good lunch special. Including sushi!!  You are greeted at the door by a hostess, I usually prefer to sit at the bar (so i can see the sushi be prepared). I haven't had bad service any of the times that ive been here. I dont get the same thing whenbI come, so i always order sushi. All of the rolls that i've ordered have been spot on. With none really standing out as a MUST HAVE. However, the egg rolls are very good and crispy & crunchy.  (I think they are only 1 buck during lunch..i think) They have pretty good Sake as well. I've tried a few and really liked them.I have and will return, mqybe....justttttt maybe i will order an entree and get something more than Just shushi. Until next time,TTFN
