5	Rocket Fizz is an awesomely nostalgic candy/soda store! I just went in there to browse around but ended up getting a whole bunch of candy that I used to eat as kid. I even saw a pack of Big League Chew...wth, I thought they stopped making that? They also have a huge assortment of bottled soda, so be sure to ask the super nice person at the register for soda punch card. This is a great place to pick up novelty candies or even just to have a look around. Even more awesome, Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory was playing on the TV.
5	Took myself to Rocket Fizz today to check out their selection and wow, it was amazing. A  ton of unique sodas, British imported chocolates (including my favourite chocolate in the world, Nestle Yorkie bar from Ireland), a wall of taffy (definitely try the gingerbread flavour if you're into that) mixed with assorted small candies ($3.99 for a medium bag - see photo - as full as you can fill it with whatever out of the bins = awesome deal), and assorted novelties. All the sodas are $1.89 no matter what size which is a little more than I'm used to paying but if you get the 4 pack (also have 6 and 8 packs), it's like buying 3 and getting 1 free which is a pretty nice deal. The guy who was working alone was super nice and funny and let me take home some of the discarded bottle caps for free (I collect them). Most of the sodas are out of the cooler, but they have a few coolers filled as well so you can drink them right away. There's also a lot of sugar free and organic candies for those that need them. 5 stars for selection and service. I'll definitely be back the next time I need a sugar fix.
4	Cool little store. Staff was friendly and helpful. I chose a Ryan Cream soda. It was really good. The kids grabbed some candy and a drink each. 3 sodas 2 candies $10 bucks.  Pros: Unusual drinks and candy from back in the past and some new stuff added in. Cons: I walked the store 4x and didn't really notice a pattern except the sugar free candy and the diet soda we lumped together. They also sell repro signs and posters...they add a nice touch to the building.
5	Went here last night with a group of friends.  Their selection of salt water taffy and soda is wear it's at.  Their salt water taffy is served in bulk and you can fill your bag to the brim!!  They also carry a large variety of international and rare candy.  The store clerk working there last night was really welcoming and friendly.  I know where I am going when I am on a candy fix!!I'm so glad I live less than 15 minutes away from this place!!
4	Started going here when Pop The Soda shop in Scottsdale shutdown.   Selection is good and staff is friendly but at a $1.60 per bottle of soda it is pricey.
5	Ever since the Pop the Soda Shop in Scottsdale closed, I've been looking for a place to get my vintage soda fix. When I found out about Rocket Fizz I knew I had found a keeper.When you walk into the store for the first time it can be a little overwhelming. There is literally wall to wall soda. Once you get your bearings, its an adventure trying to find sodas that you might like. I highly recommend anything made by Sprecher Brewery. I lived in Milwaukee and got hooked on their cream soda. When I moved back to Phoenix I was bummed when I couldn't find it. Rocket Fizz has it.Not only do they have soda, but they have a huge selection of hard to find candy. Their salt water taffy stock is the biggest i've ever seen! They also have cool antique looking signs on the walls for sale, which adds to the great setting.The service is awesome. The employees will help you find the best soda and alot of the time their recommendations are right on.Great place! Go there ASAP!
5	We discovered this place the day my GF was at the dentist. Yep. Right next door. Swear.So obviously, after dental work - the logical thing to do is hit up an awesome candy and soda shop, right? That's what we did. They have everything from Jolt cola to small batch sarsaparillas. Tons o' saltwater taffy and more licorice than you can shake a stick at.The one thing that they could use more of - barber poles. Not those big giant useless ones, but the little candy sticks. A good barber pole selection is a NECESSITY in a candy shop. I'd say you have to have at least 37 flavors, and unless they were hiding them (I haven't asked the super-friendly-and-knowledgeable staff) they don't.On the ultra-plus side - my GF asked about something in particular and about a week later they called her (texted?) to let her know they now had them in stock. That was good, because it gave me a reason to go back for more chocolate covered Pop Rocks. Yes, you heard me. Limited Edition Pop Rocks, can't go wrong there!Hit this place up ASAP.
3	Looking for a few more stocking stuffers for my husband, I naturally searched for candy stores on Yelp. Knowing he likes his unusual sodas as well as candy, I drove the 20 miles to Rocket Fizz. Staffed by an older man with a big personality and a (too) young boy, the store was clean, well-organized, and meticulously faced. I asked for and got some good suggestions on sodas (the mix-&-match 6 pack for $9.99 is a good deal). As far as the candy goes, there were more grocery store staples than I would have expected, and some of the more unusual candy from foreign countries was out-of-date. Way out-of-date. Like Feb 2011. In the end, I did find a few things I knew he'd like, and when I got home, he said he had seen these guys at the AZ State Fair- they had had a booth in the Expo building, and he was looking forward to breaking into the sodas, even the Kitty Piddle and Corn flavors.
4	I think fizz rocket is the bees knees.I'm keen on the the variety, nifty retro candies, and knee slapping gag gifts.The shop is tidy, and owner is swell.From my very brief encounter with him I got the feeling that this neato pop shop is his dream, and I support dreamers.I don't know why bottled soda pop makes me feel like I'm in a leave it to beaver episode, the candy sticks near the register further support this feeling.  And I had my first butterscotch beer.  Woozer.  That sure will wet your whistle.I'm almost down to my last bottle, which will bring about another trip to this fizzy candyland, and another day where I drive my husband crazy with 'gee-whiz's', but even he will put up with my bad 50's sitcom talk for some good sarsaparilla.
4	This place is awesome!!! Lots of candy, lots of different soda. Don't come here looking for Pepsi or Coke. Here's the catch.. Yes it's overpriced. Why? Because they were BRILLIANT to open next to Ultra Star! Which lacks a variety of candy, and what they do have is also overpriced. So you can go to CVS, Frys or Safeway for the same candy at 1/2 the price - OR you can go here, because you forgot to stop on the way!! The owner was working when we were in there and the kids had questions. She was super nice and super patient. Awesome!!
4	I was gonna stop in awhile back...and they were gone. Guess they moved to Surprise. Sad that a candy store can't make it so close to a school. What's wrong with the world?
5	Peach soda, fresh salt water taffy and real rootbeer...FRESH and authentic, all natural selection of sodas to counteract the very unnatural but very delish selection of candies old and new.
5	Best place to get candy and soda on the west side of Az
4	Great little store offering sweets and lots of nostalgia.  Fun shop to pop into.  I found candy (such as salt water taffy and googoo clusters) from my childhood, sweets from the United Kingdom, Germany, Japan, even regular "staples" such as Sweet tarts and MaryJanes. They also sell novelty items such as tin signs, pez dispensers and metal lunchboxes.  There is also a nice variety of sugar-free confections.  Prices range from fair to somewhat pricey, but if you're aching to find a sweet that sparks a memory---this is the right spot!  Located near UltraStar Theatre, so great spot to pop in and grab something before a movie or to peek in and satisfy that sweet tooth!
4	OMG... This place was great. It has a great selection of all the candies you will remember from your childhood. I will definitely be back.
5	Love it so glad its in surprise :-)
4	This is a cool little shop just open recently, offers a great selection of  nostalgic, and import candies hard to find. They also offer candy you can find anywhere. I suggest you buy those at the nearest supermarket, since they are a little pricey here. This is a great store to get that hard to find candy! They have a huge selection of candies and soda! You can spend some time here going through everything remembering some of the candies you use to eat as a child! It's great that it's right next to the movie theater! It's a great place to visit!
5	How can it be anything other than 5 stars? Massive selection. Did I say selection? Sorry - I meant MASSIVE!!!! If they don't have it, it doesn't exist. Sodas and can't galore. The pic n' mix bags Re a bargain, and I will be trying all the soda favors until there are no more to try - which will take about a year to do. Prices are reasonable, location is good, and service is quick and friendly. Love you Rockit Fizz awesomeness xoxo
4	For a specialty candy store I think they need way way way more international candy!  I love that they are right next to the movie theatre though, but hope that they put one in at Park West.  I do like the variety of sodas, but haven't purchased any.  They supposedly carry special holiday candy from England during Christmas, but it didn't come in this year.  Apparently, their number one selling product is bacon-flavored soda!  Puuuuuuuuke!  Double puke was seeing Buffalo Wing-flavored soda on their shelf.  Definitely go if you are in the area just to take a look.  They do sell some very old skool candy as well.
3	now that POP Soda shop is gone this is the next best place to go i guess.  They have a good selection of soda and candy and some toys.  i wish they had the Dublin Dr. Pepper but they don't :(
3	This place is run by teenagers and visited by teenagers.  Just FYI.  With that said, they have a bunch of varieties of pop and candies.  Even green tea Kit Kat.  It's a neat place to check out and sneak in some unique candy treats for your movie.  :)
5	A great selection of Bizarre Sodas (pop) and Unique Candies (candy). If you want to try something new and have a cravings for sweets, head on in. This is a Niche place, glad to see it doing well.
4	Little bit on the pricy side but if you're ready to blow that New Year's resolution out the window then stop by the ATM and crash this joint. Haven't had that much sugar since elementary school.  If you're slick perhaps you can sneak some into the movie. Not saying I did that just a thought lol.
1	I wish I could rate the store, but there was a sign on the door (around 1:30pm) saying "Be right back, sorry for the inconvenience". It didn't mention how long, so rather than wait, I just left. I have added a photo of the sign on the photos section
