4	Can't go wrong with a store for the fuzzles.Kudos to Petsmart for giving me three extremely...er...lusty koi that had a blast in my pond and multiplied into at last count 20 mini koi of different colors.I think the koi have far surpassed the reputation of rabbits....
4	Ok, normally I like to support local over big chains, but I've always had a good experience at this PetSmart. The cashiers are always friendly, the store is clean, and most of the time I can find what I need (minus one time they were out of vitamins). I wish they had more organic and natural products, but since I feed my dogs mostly fresh food, this isn't an issue. They have a great selection of holiday items, so I am looking forward to what they have this year! And I've had no problem returning items if I needed to. Plus, they have adoption drives!
3	went for cardinal tetras, none at all, strange... maybe next time.cheerful staff. 20% discount on first purchase if you sign up for their rewards, so two leashes and two collars and a couple of fish and a healthy discount.
1	This review is for the grooming section of this petsmart... As a surprise my boyfriend took our dog to petsmart for a haircut while I was at work. When we picked him up he had a giant cut on the side of his neck. I used to be able to trim him in between haircuts to save a few bucks but now he's so scared of the clippers that he won't even let me go near his left side. Needless to say, we will not be returning to the grooming section and we don't recommend it.
1	I'll start off by saying PetSmart is a great one-stop shop for your furry little family member.  I shop at the Surprise location quite often, have taken a couple training classes and used the grooming services a few times. This review is for the grooming services.  I have taken my puppy to the PetSmart groomers three times which was three times too many. First time: bad haircut.Second time: foot long scratch down the side of his stomach and bad haircut again.Third time: Gave specific haircut directions and still got the same bad haircut.My biggest concern is how the groomers treat the animals.  I should have known better, the second and third time I took my puppy to the groomer he hung onto me for dear life. Don't get me wrong, he loves going to PetSmart but the minute we walk into the grooming section he turns into this freakishly scared little puppy which is completely out of character.Three tries and $200 later - never again!
4	Always helpful staff. And they have adoptions every week!!
3	This place is alright but the mark up on their stuff is ridic. I only stop in here for some dog food and that's it. Anything else and you're getting robbed. Sometimes the lines can get jammed up too.
1	My labradoodle was injured at the groomers. I received a call from Petsmart one hour after dropping him off asking that I call back ASAP. My dog was brought to the vet with a "sore" that was the size of a quarter that required sutures. My dog did not have an injury prior to being seen at the groomers. The groomers and the vet provided conflicting stories about what occured to my dog and I had to talk to the manager. The manager would not admit the injury occured at Petsmart but oddly enough he covered the vet bill and the grooming. My dog is now on antibiotics, prescribed pain pills, and is limping around the house. After calling the store the following day  and speaking to another manager, the groomer did admit the injury happened in the kennel. At this point I still feel that I am not getting an honest answer about what happened to my dog.I want others to be aware of this injury. Please think twice before using this service!
4	PetSmart... Always a delight to come in here. Nothing better than an afternoon at a FREE ZOO! Wait, what's that noise, my kid crying for a pet! We came here 2 weeks ago and the employee who helped us was AMAZING. My sons first hamster and she made sure we purchased the right breed for his age. I didn't know that there was a difference. She rocked! We went again on the 25th for my daughters Birthday. That employee was a bi*ch! She was rude, mean to my daughter and just downright nasty. Pissed me off. I'm sorry if I asked you a question and it's your job to help us. So a star deducted for her attitude. It's all we have here in Surprise, so we will be back. if we had somewhere else to go, I would. Nobody makes Sierra cry. (but me! lol!)
4	Since we got our pumpkinator!! This is her prefer place to shop! She likes to strut around thinking she owns this place,  she is a member of the Hospital, have had her hair cut down at the groomers, and had a couple of classes at the obedience school. We enjoy it here, and will continue to be a regular!
4	Sorry about this review, don't feel very wordy right now. Stephen, the head groomer does a great job with my Golden Retriever. I like the way she cuts Bree's hair and leaves the feathers on her legs and ears so she still looks like a golden.
1	Went to the Halloween event they had today stood in the long line and waited to get my pets picture taken After about a half an hour, finally got photo taken...so unorganized!!They were supposed to be emailing it to us well it never came Had to call the store 3 times, manager couldn't even return our call, got the runaround every time we called. REBA WAS INCREDIBLY R-U-D-E!!!!!!!!We were told a different story every time we called.Finally found out, they lost it ....How do you lose a picture that you're emailing ???You just resend it right ???Wish we would have went to a different event now TOTAL WATSE OF TIME !!!!UNPLEASANT.AND UNCARING STAFF.Dont even say you care for the pets in your commercials because you could of cared LESS!!!!Just said come back tomorrow and redo.NO THANKS!!!!Its alot of effort to go through all that and wait again in a long lineWe'll know better next year.Grade F for service and understanding
