5	Ready for an out of this world experience?  Then head to Vision Quest, a bookstore of the metaphysical realm (and my personal favorite bookstore in Phoenix or I guess I should say Scottsdale).I go here a few times a month, sometimes looking for something in particular, and other times just to look for something that catches my fancy. If you're looking for books on self help, angels, feng shui, aliens, iridology, astrology, love....  you'll find it here.  Their selection is wonderful and if they don't have it they can special order it for you. BUT!  The best part of the bookstore is the AURA PHOTO BOOTH!!!!!Last month Gary and I started a monthly project of one aura photograph a month.  Our first aura readings were incredible (I am full of love and he is a natural healer).  Today we went for our second photo and Sheila (my personal favorite aura reader) told Gary he would have a new job in 4-8 weeks (thankgoodness) and that I need to rest and get better (I've been sick all week).  Those are just a few of the personal details your aura can tell you.  It's a fascinating experience.Every day there are readings and interesting people selling their craft/art to you.  We have purchased different items from time to time to add to our meditation section of our home.  We've sat and listened to spiritual music while the composer told us how he felt when recording the piece.  They have classes and workshops throughout the month all well priced.  You can learn Reiki, how to meditate, how to photograph ghosts ect.  It's an experience that if you let it, will transform you.  Walking into the store has an immediate effect on your energy.  Do visit them and experience it for yourself!
2	I've been going to Vision Quest for 14 years.  Back in the day, the people working there seemed more spiritual, more connected, and to be honest, nicer.   Now that they have the bigger place and more employees they've lost something.  Don't get me wrong, if you want it, chances are good that they will have it (unless you want various meditations, and then they won't have it and won't offer to special order it for you, and then the'll just walk away).  They have tons of stuff from every spiritual background.  The prices are a bit lofty but it is Scottsdale.  The most annoying thing is their readings are done out in the open on the retail floor.  I understand that is a good way of advertising your readings but it is tacky to me.  Tacky in the sense that those reading tend to get very personal and it's weird to casually chat about those things as people are walking by looking for the  Deepak Chopra section.  I personally was there when this  bubblegum pink neophyte was getting a reading and was practically shouting her responses at the tarot reader so all would hear the tribes ands tribulations of her love life.  I was praying for the manager to ask her to keep it down, but nothing was done.  There are signs not allowing children (the people most connected spiritually) under a certin age because they are trying to maintain a peaceful environment, but I'm forced to hear people's personal shit during their very public readings???  Bad form.   I'll find my books and stuff somewhere else.
1	Wow. Talk about a u-turn (prior review below mine.) I have been Yelp'ing for years - okay, not years - about how there's nothing remotely "spiritual" or "new age" about this place. If you believe spiritual awareness and enlightenment are consumer products to be purchased, and you're used to bringing out your checkbook for a "reading," then...well, yeah, of course you get what you pay for. It doesn't take a (*bleep*) psychic to read the (*bleep*) tea leaves. VQ is located in South-'South Scottsdale' near the pawn shops and nudie bars, and they wouldn't last a day in North Scottsdale near Shea or FLW. I'm just sayin'....
2	Dear audience,  being psychic myself I truly enjoy a personalized reading and feel it is a true treat I can gift myself when I feel stressed out.  I had the chance of speaking with some very accurate readers here at this store and some readers who were only good with card readings.  I am using this forum mostly to complain about one reader who used to be a favorite of mine for over a year until she felt she was fail proof and said something completely out of character with my best friend that was simply untrue.Lisa Jo had warned me about a few people in my immediate circle of friends and my business associates but sometimes I felt her readings were a bit hysterical simply to keep me enthralled so I would feel a need to continue on with the reading (and hence pay a bit more than I intended).Don't get me wrong.  Lisa Jo came across as being very sincere in her efforts to watch out for my best interests but as time went on I felt the readings were continuing on a negative path making me leaving the conversation a bit paranoid and confused.  One day I corrected Lisa Jo and told her something she said was completely off so she got very disturbed on the phone and rather than apologize to me she became haughty and angry that I would challenge her thought and make note of something that was incorrect in her analysis.  On a whole I felt her readings could give me insight but the fact that she refused to see my viewpoint and seemed to think she is infallible and correct 100 percent of the time is a cause of concern.  As a psychic healer myself I sometimes get an incorrect perception and I always welcome constructive criticisms so I can enhance my abilities as a healer; but the fact that Lisa Jo is unwilling to grow and truly re examine a reading as perhaps being a bit inaccurate is a clear sign that Vision Quest might have a need for better customer relations since phone readings and in store readings can be expensive.   A couple of weeks ago I requested a reading with Lisa Jo despite our disagreement but I was refused and even though  I wanted to share with Lisa Jo that indeed she was wrong but that part of her other reading did indeed come true I was encouraged to speak to another reader rather than Lisa Jo and not given the opportunity to let Lisa Jo what had happened during a crisis situation.  Psychics are just ordinary people with a gift and sometimes if that gift is abused we can lose our ability to really connect with Source and our readings might not be as accurate or as healing as we would like.  I think Lisa Jo needs to take her ego in check and I think Vision Quest should do a better job of customer service relations so as not to hurt the general public or allow their readers to abuse customers at their whim.
1	What a disappointment! Went to check out their books and other items.  "Psychics" were on the phone for $1.99 a minute telling people to buy property they were hesistant to purchase and they would soon have plenty of money. This is a complete scam and NOT what a truly gifted psychic would say. I found a few items to purchase and was ignored by an attractive African American cashier. Finally I got her attention and she was highly irritated at my purchase--didn't look at me ONCE. She spent most the time on the phone ringing up the scam $1.99 readings. It's a shame such a large store with many books and items to buy would have such negativity. The classes sound very good and I had wished to take several with friends---but I will not return, as negative energy and greed are not spiritual.
1	This place has awful customer service and a bad attitude. It was like being in eastern Europe where attendants think they are doing me a favor by selling me something. No thanks. I won't be back. Meditate on that.
4	Okay, I decided to go back to Vision Quest again.  I am so glad I did. The people they have working there now are wonderful. Everyone I spoke to was engaging, open, and truly connected. These are exactly the people one would hope to find working at an esoteric place like Vision Quest.  Great vibes, great service, great reading! Thank you so much! I really needed that.
1	It's really a shame.  Vision Quest was *once* the best metaphysical store.  Those days are long gone. Now, it's not.  It's a tomb.  Quiet.  No business.I had signed up for a class three weeks in advance.  Paid for it too.  I was told that "supplies" were needed for the class, which I purchased.  I made arrangements with my job so I could be sure to attend.  On the night of the class, I arrived about 10 minutes before the class was to begin (630pm).  I was told that the woman who was going to hold the class is sometimes a few minutes late because she walks and to give her a few.  Ok.  Sure, I understand.  By 6:55 pm I'd been around the store a few times and was then told that she 'probably wasn't going to show up'.  Not very professional, Vision Quest.  I was told by the cashier that sometimes she doesn't know when she has a class, sometimes she forgets, sometimes she doesn't show up.  What?!?!The cashier was nice and refunded the money for the class, but what about the other items I've purchased?  I guess I can find a use for them somewhere else.  What about the time I wasted?  That's gone forever.  Come to think of it, so is my business.
5	Vision Quest is a great place to get a reading. The person that gave me a reading was amazing and right on. The selection of books is the best you will find anywhere in the city.jim
1	I called a psychic for a phone reading and boy, it was AWFUL. She basically asked my sign and gave generic attributes about it. Not worth the money.Also, it felt very much like a "Psychic Network Hotline." Not personalized or warm at all.
5	VQ has proven to me to be a loving and friendly space much of the time!The readers are gifted and staff friendly. It's a great atmosphere to learnmeet and greet. Come see for yourself.
1	Way way over priced, minimal selection and not too friendly. A friend Recommended this place and he was unaware of how much he was paying and didn't have too! Not impressed to say the least!
