1	Fellow Yelpers,While driving by this place in Charlotte on a business trip, I thought to myself, "oh here's something different to try that isn't a chain restaurant".  Upon entering, disappointment washed up on the shores of expectation beach.  This restaurant screams generic chain at every angle.  It is bland, boring and pretty much just another Applebee's.  The interior decor is straight out of a "how to design a chain restaurant for dummies" book.  Its bar was just so lackluster that the urge to drink is instantly killed upon eye contact.  If one goes to this bar to drink, you have to be an alcoholic or really in the mood for a drink.  This place serves its purpose as a quick bite to eat during lunch.The menu is too long with too many options.  This is a dead giveaway that everything offered in this restaurant is processed, pre-packaged, delivered via truck and warmed up on the spot.  I could be wrong, but my "gutuition" tells me otherwise.I decided to take the easy route after having a brain fart over so many generic selections and ordered a salad.  The chicken salad (see my photo) was decent, but nothing jumps out.  I really don't have much else to say.Oh, before I forget, I did post pictures of the rolls that are served prior to the main course.  I don't eat much bread as it is due to my primal blueprint (see Mark Sisson's book) like diet.  This is one of the instances where I'm glad I have chosen to omit bread from my eating habits.  I would classify these as 'Lolls' due to the obscene amount of Lard on these rolls, not a laughing out loud matter for your coronaries.This is definitely one step up from a fast food option, that's about it folks.Rant over.
2	I have to update this review by adding one more star only due to the fact that the establishment's owner and manager have contacted me in an effort to better my experience in the restaurant on my next visit.  Although I will more than likely not come back to this place because I don't live in Charlotte and was only there for work, this fact alone is deserving of an uptick in rating.  Customer care matters.  Thanks guys.
3	I am not surprised by the amount of stars FATZ has but I am surprised and how hard people are slamming it. Is it generic, yes. Is it a chain, yes. is it predictable, yes. Is it bad, no! FATZ is not bad compared to other chains (especially Applebee's which is just an insult to the restaurant industry).We live within walking distance of FATZ and I wish I could saw I crave them more often but I don't. We go because it's there and we get tired of the Tilted Kilt's (recently) sub-par food.We go because the first time we went it was nice and Becky and I had a nice quiet dinner. That first time too we ordered the Bloody Mary which came garnished with a shrimp.Our last visit, over the weekend, was out of boredom and not wanting to drive anywhere. The service was nice and professional as every other time we've been and the food came out within normal expectations.We ordered the Cajun Firecracker Sticks which were excellent but I wish they were a little crisper. The Onyum sauce goes really well with the appetizer. The portion is huge and we were pretty half-way full by the time the two of us finished this appetizer.Becky ordered the crab cakes with coleslaw and the house salad. The whole dish was good enough. I had a bite of her crabcake and it tasted like crabcake. The coleslaw was a little bland but you could still detect some nice sweetness.I had the Calabash chicken with the Greek salad and a loaded baked potato. I like their Calabash breading and the loaded baked potato was good. At this point I was pretty full so I barely even touched my salad which looked and tasted pretty generic.Here's the biggest gripe, which is really not that big. We go for the Bloody Mary, not because it's the best, but because it's a fond memory of the first time we went and the shrimp used as garnishment is the glue. We both ordered Bloody Marys and they came without a shrimp. That knocked off half a star... If Yelp allowed half stars. But since they don't it didn't affect it much.And then there's the little bread basket with cinnamon butter. Need I say more?!We will definitely go back.P.S. to FATZ: Keep the shrimp in the Bloody Mary.P.P.S. to FATZ:  If you do keep the shrimp in the Bloody Mary, make sure it's cold.
3	Fatz is a standard American chain cafe, that does a few things better than most.  I have been enjoying their food for several years.  My favorite dinner at these establishments is their Blackened Fish Sandwich.  This is a white fish with mild blackening, served on a toasted and buttered bun.  For a chain like this, it is quite good and filling.The sandwich comes, generally, with French fries that are acceptable.  Nothing outstanding here.  Service is always pretty good,with friendly waiters and waitresses.This particular Fatz fits all of the above criteria.
5	We had a great experIence , the waiter was super nice and helpfull, the kids chicken fIngeRs were delicious and so was the chicken pot pie! Salads and soup were fresh and tasty, also the poppy seed little munchkins were yummy!!!
1	Not going back! Had to send steak back twice for being way overlooked and then raw. They gave my daughter the wrong (burnt) entree and the rice had raw veggies in it. Also the service was very slow. Had better experiences at the Fatz in Lincolnton!
3	I'm about 50/50 on Fatz. My husband loves their salmon so we eat there often . I love the Calabash chicken but if I'm dieting I feel pretty left out . Service can be hot or cold . I'd actually give them a 2.5 if it were available.
4	I kept seeing FATZ everytime I would go catch UFC fights at the Tilted Kilt which is right beside this location but I finally decided to go dine their with a friend for the first time recently and I must say I was pretty impress. For all of the other chains like Applebees, Chillis, O'Charleys,Red Lobster, Olive Garden that get mention ad nauseam, I'm surprised no one recommended it to me before but perhaps it's just not big in this area. At anyrate, it was a fairly quiet evening over there so we were able to get seated right away and our server did well in providing quality service. I haven't spent much time in the menu but they have the type of variety & prices that's on par with applebess\o'charleys. For my beverage, I have this cherry peach sangria which I paired with this parmesan fish plate which sat on top of a palette of rice and I wanted to keep the broccoli that came with it. I must say that had to be one of the tastiest piece of fish I had ever consumed. The lightly breaded fish with that melted parmesan blended perfectly and melted right in my mouth. The broccoli was also crisp and complemented my meal well. I even tried some of my dates fried green tomatoes appetizer since she wasn't hungry enough for a full meal and those turned out to be a pretty unique treat too. Needless to say, I won't be sleeping on this establishment any longer and I hope even folks who are burnt out on the whole chain restaurant deal would give them a chance for a nice casual dining experience.
5	Asian salad was crisp and nicely coated with dressing, Delicious basa fish with Parmesan crust, and the peanut pie - delicious and the addicting hot rolls.  All reasons to dine here.  The wait staff friendly and accommodating.  A very nice experience all around.
4	Date Night - Good food.... Great company. The Salad was very good, love the dinner rolls, Aubrey was a great waitress very attentive and the. Manager Roland liked our feedback.
5	I went there today for dinner after a long day at Carowinds.  The hostess asked us when we entered if we had ever been there. We haven't.  The manager brought us a free sample of there calabas chicken ....yummy!!! Jack was our server. I must say he was probably the best server ever!!! The food was amazing!! Fresh! We had the fried green tomato appitizer and a combo app. All the food was great.
5	Excellent service! Food and drinks are great. Our waitress Christina was everything anyone could ask for in a server.
3	Dateline, Saturday lunchtime and I'm in the area.  I have eaten at many Fatz's throughout the Southeast and figured I'd stop in for a bite.  I'll get the service aspect out of the way, always excellent.  Prompt, courteous and they don't hover.  Drinks stayed full and our server was very friendly.The food was meh.  Nothing special, but not terrible either.  I had the "seabreeze" spinach salad with chicken and warm bacon dressing.  It arrived exactly as described on the menu with the "new age" stuff to put on salads these days i.e. candied pecans, cranberries etc...and it was good.One of the drawbacks of going somewhere for such a long time, and many locations at that is you can see the degradation of the quality of what they're serving.  My wife had the calabash shrimp which used to be fairly decent size shrimp that at least tried to be fresh and plump.  What we got yesterday was no different than Long John Silvers....small, overly fried and iodine tasting.  My little one got the calabash tenders which are nothing different than the tenders you get somewhere like Chic Fil A.  They do a great job of promoting it as something different, but it's not.For the money, Fatz is overpriced IMO.  When you have a regional chain like this you need to do something extraordinary to set yourself apart.  Fatz misses this mark.
5	We love it!  We actually ate at Fatz' the first day we moved into the neighborhood. We wanted to take the friends and family members who helped us with the move out for a nice meal. It was great. We too were offered platters of the calabash chicken for being first time customers. Service is great, quick and friendly, and everything is good. I love the chicken pot pie.
1	The most awful dining experience I have ever had. I don't know how they stay in business their food is run of the mill fried nasty crap.. The service is horrendous ... We asked for bottled water they looked at us like we were crazy then brought out some old ass half crumpled up cheap crap in the bottle with no glass... We are always nice to servers but this chick was awful she was rude , inattentive and she brought out  the check as soon as she dropped off our entree it was ridiculous ... After being in the service industry for many years I was appalled by this place.... If I could rate it a negative star I would.....I never tip less than at least around 25% as I know what it's like to live on a low salary like that , but this was the first shitty tip I have left in my life and it was well deserved....  DONT GO THERE UNLESS YOU WANT TO BE VERY DISAPPOINTED...
4	Atmosphere was fine but the decor and ambiance were nothing special. There is both dining and bar seating. They were able to accommodate our large party of 12 very quickly. The service was quick and friendly. Food portions are huge so come hungry! Even the side salad that's comes with the entree is like a meal in itself. The rolls with cinnamon butter taste like fried dough and were warm and delicious. Cajun fire stick appetizer was good. They are famous for their ribs and chicken. My husband had the ribs and said they were good and worth getting if hungry for ribs. The calabash chicken was very tender and flavorful with a crunchy breading exterior. Overall I would recommend this place to others and would return if I am in the area.
5	If you are in the mood for big portions of good food this is the place to be! Everything we had was very tasty and the portions were huge! I recommend the ribs and chicken.
