5	This is my first time here and I am so impressed! I was recommended by a friend to come here and I am so happy I listened to him! Thanks Roger!First off, you can make an appointment, so you don't have to wait forever and waste your whole day. Second, the place is surrounded with places to eat at while the work on your car is being done. Yummy. Third, the waiting area is nice and clean. I wasn't afraid to sit down on the chairs. They also have a little area for kiddos to sit and play. The toys were clean as well. Fourth, the customer service guys are awesome! They talk to you instead of down to you. They didn't make me feel dumb at all, which is a nice change from most mechanic places. Lastly, I felt valued. Everyone was friendly.  I was thanked repeatedly. I had a good experience all the way around. I will be coming back here for sure for my car's needs, which hopefully isn't too often!
5	Great service. Friendly staff. Amazingly quick turnaround. Clean shop and waiting area. Open on Sunday - A huge plus in an emergency repair.
4	Great customer service and thorough in their work. Only complaint is they are pricey but I have yet to see another shop match their cleanliness and service. But still better and cheaper than a dealership as well.
5	Awesome, awesome service. None of the people here displayed the usual negative stereotypes associated with auto repair sites. They told me exactly what was wrong with no fluff and no "strong recommendations of other repairs", were very polite, and the overall cost was very reasonable. I will be going here from now on as opposed to Big O!
5	Awesome place.  Great service.  Knowledgeable staff.  Extremely helpful.  Good prices.  We will definitely return.My boyfriend and I have our own transport business and wound up stranded in Las Vegas due to a brake issue.  After doing a lot of traveling across the country, I have learned how difficult it is to find competent mechanics who can work on a Dodge dually properly.  I found these guys on Yelp and we showed up to their business unannounced within the last hour of service on a Friday night.  It wasn't a "cool" move, but we needed speedy service and this place had good reviews.  We showed up with our fingers crossed and ready to bail and wait until morning if necessary if we didn't think these guys were up to the task of fixing the dually properly - it's our livelihood.  Thank goodness we wound up here.  The guys stayed late to help us out, were honest with what needed to be done, helped us find the best price on parts, and even gave us a ride down to the strip so we wouldn't have to grab a cab.  They did everything in their power to get us up and going as soon as possible and made sure everything was fixed and ready to go before we headed back to Oregon.  The dually was ready ASAP.This will be our new west coast location for repairs and I recommend the Rock Springs Firestone to anyone who needs car service or repair of any kind.  They're great guys who do good work in a timely manner.
5	Ive brought my car into Firestone a couple times and they are amazing!!! They are by far the most honest mechanics I've ever met it's a true breath of fresh air to meet an auto place that isn't out to rip people off. They've definitely gained a customer for life I won't go anywhere else now!
5	Great service. They seem to take their time and cater to each customer. Very happy with the service.
5	Five Stars for Trevor at Firestone! This guy kicks ass. I am a girl and he is so nice to explain car lingo to me every time. He has gone out of his way for us when we've taken our cars in. Great place.
5	I felt like I needed to write a great review for this location. I have been to this location several times and have never been treated better with very fair prices and no added useless work shoved down my throat. I have to say Trevor and Earl are very personable knowledgeable guys and very friendly. I wish I could remember the AC guys name because he saved me $700.00 worth of work on my A/C! I went to two different mechanic who both told me I needed a new air compressor in the neighborhood of $800-$1100 dollars worth of work I brought my car to them because I have a firestone card a blessing because interest free to pay off in six mo. anyway they ran the test and it turns out it was a $60 dollar relay! compressor was fine! out the door 112.00 dollars tell me that isn't great, thanks to the A/C guy  and the guys at firestone
5	Trevor is the shit, great guy and a great shop. Will be coming back for any automotive needs.
5	This place has completely impressed me. Trevor, the auto guy at the desk, was awesome and found out how to fix my car very quickly and then made mention to fix my wife's car, because she had followed me because my car was acting up. The repairs were exceptionally well priced and I felt like I was a valued customer even though I had never before been in the store. It's so nice to get auto repairs and know that you aren't being fleeced and that the information you're getting is honest and worthwhile. I will definitely be getting my car is repaired here or in the future! By the way came in with no appointment and the time to get two cars repaired 45 minutes.
5	This place has our business now! Last month I had a nail in my tire and as I drive a mini Cooper the sensor alerted us to the problem.  Took my car to a different tire shop and they were nice but they didn't know how to turn the sensor off. We brought our other car here and just mentioned the sensor.  The guy helping us came out and rest the sensor for free! Yep, bringing all our cars here for repairs and tires now! Great staff here!
1	Came here on a Saturday because my Tire Pressure light kept coming on even after I've put air in it at Chevron last week. Came in and spoke with Marc about my concern. He advised that maybe the tire pressor reader at Chevron wasn't accurate and we can check and put air in it today and if it comes back on again they can lift it up and check for any leaks. My back passenger tire was at 16lbs when they put air in to make it 33lbs. Well, the next day the Tire Pressure light came on once again. I got real nervous and put air in it at Chevron and checked the pressure, it was at 20lbs. I brought it in and spoke with Marc. He said it was pretty busy today & if I can come back in an hour and a half.  I came back they took my car and few minutes later they said nothing was wrong with my tire and it had adequate amount of pressure on all tires. I advised them that I had put in air in it not to long ago and was at 20lbs when I checked it. They still insisted nothing was wrong. Ok? The next day my Tire pressure light came on again. I took it to Discount tires and they found a large nail in my tire. So thanks Firestone for the free air you put in my tires and thanks for not properly examining them. Marc was a nice guy though he squeezed me in even when it was pretty busy. But I probably will not come to this place with any car issues.
4	I went in for an alignment thinning I would need a dealership to perform the service since I drive a high end sports car.  The service tech was nice and confirmed my hutch was correct but hoisted the car and tried anyways.  They gave me a full print out of what I needed to get done but didn't have the custom tools necessary to fix my Porshce.  I appreciated their help and customer service.  Thanks guys!
1	HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE - Came here for an alignment. And because they though it would take more than an hour they wanted me to return tomorrow. I understand that it might take them 10-20 mins after their operating hours but come on go the extra mile a bit for your customer. HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE..
