3	I know what you're thinking, "A Sbarro's that's not inside of a mall food court?" Believe me, I thought the same thing when I entered this establishment as well, however, once you survey the front counter and realize what you've stepped into, you'll quickly realize that this pretty much the same thing except without the douchey Pac Sun bros, screaming children and frustrated soccer moms! Unless that's your kind of thing, then by all means, head down to the nearest food court and put up with the noise pollution. As for me, I'll stick with this location as it offers your choice of Sbarro's Pizza, Nathan's Hot Dogs or Carvel's yogurt for that after dinner fix. I stuck to Sbarro's and ordered one large pizza and 10 chicken wings. Wanted to keep it simple and familar for this new outting at a familar restaurant. The pizza was what you've come to expect from Sbarro's. Greasy, stiff and tasteless. The wings were much of the same as well. Overall I was mildly underimpressed and probably won't be coming back. Oh and watch out for the garlic, it's super pungent!
3	when i was younger i loved sbarros. i would always ask my mom to buy me a slice when we went to the mall. the dough was thin and crunchy but still chewy under the cheese and sauce. i fold my pizza when i eat it and if it drips oil, then i know its got some flavor. lately ive noticed theyve changed their dough and the oil doesnt drip off as much. every time i go its not the same as when i had it as a kid. maybe i still go thinking ill find one that still makes it the way i like it.
2	I give it over all two stars. We went in and this place is a ghost town inside and I now know why. I did provide pictures.The pizza is cold pre-made just waiting to be recooked. The spaghetti and everything noodle is over cooked and dried out. Lord don't get me started on people in the united states who cant speak English. These people have to say everything 30 times because their English is so broken and bad. The bread is dried out and just sad they just decided to just butter up or oil up hard cold bread. I just threw my hands up and didnt even ask for a refund because truth is odds are they was not gonna be able to understand me. Because they dont speak English well.I asked for water as always the water cup was so tiny it was like a sad prank. Its like am I going to brush my teeth or drink water with a meal. If I can spend 10 bucks to eat  then they should be able to give me water.
