4	I've been a fan of Gap clothing since I was in high school. That said, I've been wearing the jeans for a very long time (as I mentioned in other reviews, I have the hardest time trying to find jeans that fit me). Through the years, the sizing has changed (I need Ankle or Short- see, I told you my jean needs are very specific- sometimes I need them tailored). But I still love the jeans (within the family of companies Old Navy/Gap/Banana Republic). On one shopping trip, I found two pairs for less than $14- I got lucky! Even the cashier said something about that deal. Since I am a AAA member, I was also able to get an additional 10% off, for showing my card (same deal at Banana Republic BTW). Not only do I shop for myself here, my husband is a fan of the logo hoodies (christmas gifts) which was priced at $20 a few holiday seasons ago. The clearance section is a mess sometimes, but hey, you expect it. There are a lot of dressing rooms (sometimes at Banana Republic there is a wait for dressing rooms) so you will not have trouble finding a free one. Good deals on certain items (like Old Navy and Banana Republic- whatever the weekly promotion is). Also, this store is connected to Baby Gap (also another great source for the little ones on your list). The styles (sometimes my hubby says that it's too preppy for him) and prices at this store remain a constant favorite of mine. So we usually stop in and check things out.
4	I like the Gap. I think they're a perfect fit between the relaxed clothing at Old Navy and the formality of Banana Republic. Plus, I like that I can usually get great deals here, even if it is a little bit out of my way. On my most recent trip here, I came to get a button-up shirt or two for the workplace. Plus, I brought my mom along to pick out stuff as her birthday present. All the shirts I was looking at were the same price as the stuff at the regular Gap I go to (Charleston/Rampart). That was kinda strange, I thought, but I know that sometimes that happens with these places. At the same time, I found some shorts and shirts that were substantially cheaper here than they are at the regular Gap. That made my trip better, plus my mom found some cheap stuff, too. On one occasion, I came in here to find belts, and I walked out with a really nice-looking sweater for $3. Yeah. Three dollars. It's the best deal ever. I've never had a problem with the staff here, though today they were kinda jerks about the fact that they were out of bags. I understand things like that can happen, and it's a non-issue most of the time -- until the girl at the checkout decides to stuff shirts, shorts, pants, a sweater, some ladies shirts, and socks into a bag the size of a shoe box. I don't know how she did it, and I'm actually kind of impressed that she was able to do that, but come on. Also, they're kinda jerks about returning stuff. I got a friend a gift from here one time, and made sure to include a receipt. When they went to exchange the item for a different size, they got attitude. Again, not the expectation you have of this place. Other than my problems with the cashiers, which bring this place down one star, this place is ok. It's usually pretty clean, and they usually have pretty solid deals on MOST things.
4	Gap is on a roll. For a period of time, the clothing was bland and unimpressive. Steadily they are providing an option that is not sub par for premium prices. Basics are affordable and of good quality. Jackets are a mixture of casual and semi-dressy. Jeans are reasonable while carrying a variety of style. Check for the deals of the day. Each day, a new item is highlighted and placed on sale for 50% or more. The staff are out on the floor in abundant numbers and ready to help. Patience is a virtue, so they must be on the way to sainthood. The employees are good at keeping calm and friendly with foreigners, especially when a language barrier gets in the way. Impressive.
3	I used to like Gap. In fact, one of my favorite articles or clothing is a Gap sweater that's so old that I won't get rid of it for nostalgia, alone. However, I guess with the new job's dress code, it's become too casual for me. Even the dress clothes that the Gap carries looks more like something more suitable for a club in my opinion. And for the young too, which I'm not anymore. Anyway - it's ok for casual clothes I guess when I can find stuff that isn't for the skinny or slim fit kind of guys. I like my clothes comfortable, which means not fitted and it's getting hard to find them for me these days. Decent prices at their outlet locations though.
4	I'm not a huge fan of Gap clothing in general, but sometimes I find myself heading here for a few items of clothing. This time I was in search of white dress shirts and black slacks. I knew Gap would have these items. Lucky me, they did have what I needed and on sale! 50% off sales! This outlet store knows what it means to be an outlet store. Low prices with even more mark downs.I even picked up a couple pairs of work out pants because I was saving so much money.Every employee I encountered was helpful and cheerful. I can't give 5 stars because I felt as though some parts of the store were a tad messy and crowded. Other than that, I loved it and would recommended, especially if you're looking for good deals on clothes.
5	Although I'm not a fan of most of their clothes, GAP does offer a wide variety of decent quality jeans for the slender guy like myself. Personally, I prefer not to pay full price $50-$70 per pair of jeans, so enter the GAP outlet. Thankfully, I was able to find four pairs in different washes in my size, 32x32, two straight, two boot cut. The fitting rooms have long lines, even on a Monday afternoon, but the staff moved people along quickly, plus the shelves were well organized. Bobby and Kevin were both really helpful at the fitting rooms, as well as at the register. Props to you guys!In addition to the discounts off the regularly-priced goods you'd find at the normal GAP stores, you get an additional 15% off when you open up a GAP/Banana Republic card. I applied and was approved on the spot. You can take your temporary card from  GAP to Banana Republic (which I did) and save the 15% off your entire purchase for one day only at both stores.Between the outlet markdowns, clearance rack and credit card discounts, I paid only about 40% of what I would have it I bought the same goods at the regular GAP stores. The goods didn't have any defects, the store was packed, but well-kept, and the staff runs a tight ship. Five star outlet shopping!
1	HORRIBLE SERVICE!!To begin, I had to ask 3 people for something in a different size. Finally they told me they didn't have it. But magically one appeared when I looked for it. When I went to check out, the line wraps around the corner with only 2 cashiers!!  When I finally get to one she asked if I found everything okay, I said that I had with no help of a Gap employee.  She appologized and said she hopes my day gets better.  After she completed the transaction - gave me my reciept, bag, and I was all packed up ready to go, she THEN asked to see my ID and Card... ridiculous!! The one star is for the slacks I got on sale for $20.
4	If they ever stop carrying the jeans I like that the regular Gap's don't sell, I'm in trouble.  I bought a new pair this past week and they had some sale going on, and even though I didn't have the coupon or a Gap card, the cashier gave me the discount anyway.  Score!
3	This is a good Gap outlet at times.  Normally, we come out of this store empty-handed because the prices were too high.  The last couple of times, though, we have found some good bargains in there clearance section.The store is clean and organized.  The employees are okay.
3	Decided to do a little bit of shopping since my luck at the tables and slots at the strip was not going so well. The place was crowded being that its near the holiday season. It was a bit difficult to find some workers on the floor but after one of them saw me walking around with my hands full, he approached me with an open shopping bag and even helped me put my stuff in it. He also asked if I had any questions or needed any assistance to let him know. Unfortunately I wasn't able to find him after that haha. Oh well, the place was packed and the lines for the registers were long. I was able to find a few cardigans for myself and a few for gifts at a decent price with the discount. They had the stock pile high and semi organize. Things weren't on the floor which was great being that the place was busy. I was disappointed though once I arrived to the cashier. I understand that they are super busy and I am sure they get tired of having to talk to people, purchase after purchase after purchase but the least you can do is be a bit friendlier. The cashier that assisted me and the one next to her had a whole conversation while I was standing in front of them. Perception is key and that made me feel a bit under valued. Needless to say, I did come in here for some shopping and shopping I did so the lack of friendliness at the register won't hold me back from coming in again when I am visiting Las Vegas.
