4	We tried the pork and the chicken sandwich for lunch, and it was very satisfying.  The meat was tender and sauce had good flavor. It was recommended to us by our neighbor.  I would eat there again.  Staff very friendly.
3	Pros: I really enjoyed the smoked meats here! The GF and I shared a combo plate with brisket, links, and ribs. Nice and tender, well seasoned and good smoke flavor. Plenty of food for the two of us (on a typical day-- catch me on a binge day and I'll eat this by myself, it's that good).Cons: Their sauce needs some help. But the meats are good without sauce (thankfully, as the sauce they give you on the side didn't really add anything to the taste experience). Both the mac & cheese and bbq beans taste like they came out of a package.Overall, I really liked this place. And yes, the guys are really nice and are committed to the barbeque craft. Improve the sauce, mac & cheese, and beans; add a banana pudding and they will be over the top!
4	This place is BBQ take-out/paper plate perfection.The Brisket and Ribs are perfect, not needing any sauce. The Sides are good as well, an 8 oz . serving that comes with the combos puts other restaurants to shame, I had the Potato salad and Beans.The desert was also good some kind of excellent caramel apple pie that my wife and I took home (for later) and split.They would be getting 5 stars if only their sauce was better.We will be going back.
4	My bbq tour continues and i've struck gold ! weeeellll sort of.Buzz is in a strip mall  Northwest territory - i actually drove 17 miles to get to this place - LA standards, no biggie, Vegas standards - biggie !  but the BBQ show must go on.  The restaurant is very basic, patio tables  in the front - it's already 100 degrees, i'll pass.prior reviewer Darin hit the nail on the head - the meats - TOP NOTCH !  I ordered the 3 meat combo, 2 sides a couple rolls ($18 ) - a little steep in price but my guess - at least 4-6 oz for each meat.  i went with the ribs, pulled pork and brisket.  ALL WERE EXCELLENT !  The brisket - nice smoke ring, great smoky flavor, very moist/tender, very minor peeve - maybe, just maybe, trim alittle more of the exterior fat.  The ribs - fall off the bone, smoky, meaty goodness.  the pulled pork - served in the style i like - chopped up. and just as important - all without sauce ( you put it on yourself ) - brisket wins the gold, ribs get the silver and the bronze to the chopped pork.again darin is right - the sauce - nothin' special - i tried regular and the spicy - sorry, it ain't spicy !!the sides - again,  nothin' special - potato salad - tastes like store bought.  the mac and cheese, very creamy but no tang - i like tang, needs some extra sharp cheese.when the owner asked if i liked everything - told him basically what i wrote above - he did not care for my potato salad comment !!  sorryi wish this place was closer to mi casa.  btw - tuesday - all you can eat ribs, tips and sides for $15 - that sounds like a great deal !!
4	Yummm.  I'm in the Northwest and this place is pretty close to me.  I had driven by it numerous times before I saw the reviews and decided to give it a try.  The reviews are spot on.  The first thing I noticed before I got to the door was the smell of the meats.  Wow!  I ordered the three item with ribs, links, and brisket.   The meat was perfectly seasoned and tender.  I agree with the prior posters about the sauce.  I'm not a fan of thin sauces but the meats didn't really need it.  It came with two side choices and a couple rolls.  It was enough for two people.  The owner is extremely friendly.  I have already recommended this place to others and am definitely going back.
4	so hit buzz again last week with 3 buddies that all claim to be bbq experts.i wasn't too hungry since3 i had a late lunch with the gf - i had the pulled pork and the brisket with  potato salad and baked beans.  the others had the same and ribs, too.we all agreed - the sauce - regular and hot, sub-par .  the regular is too sweet and not much bite to the hot.  besides my sides, we had the black-eyed peas the collard greens - the collard greens were decent but all the other sides - below average to average.  we all agreed that the beans and the potato salad were,  "store bought."but the meats - TOP NOTCH !!!we decided that if we go back, we would bring our own sauce !still gotta keep it at 4-stars because it's all about the meat .
3	I like bbq and this place had me all worked up for a slab of meat and good sauce. I had the brisket and chicken. Good smoke flavor no doubt. I asked the guy behind the counter what kind of wood they used and he gave me a look like how dare I ask and laughed as he said hickory. He said all good bbq uses hickory - that's debatable - but it was good.To me the sauce has got to hold up and their sauce did not. To watery, reminds me of memphis bbq, can't stand it, and it lacks flavor.The sides were subpar. The beans were straight out of a can, and the mixed veggies were the standard green beans, corn and carrots you get from the grocery store for 99 cents a bag.To their credit, I didn't try any desert so I can't comment on those.3 stars just for the meat and meat alone, bring it home, slather with your own sauce and you're good to go.
5	We found Buzz via a coupon after they first opened, and since then we've forgone all other BBQ places in NW Vegas for them.  They concentrate on the BBQ and they do a great job with it.  Standouts for us are the brisket (you can eat it with just a fork) and the sausage, but you can't go wrong with the ribs, pulled pork, or chicken either.For sides, the coleslaw is great -- it's not mayo based -- and the baked beans have big chunks of ham in them, as they should!This is hands-down one of the best BBQ places in town, and certainly the best in NW Vegas.
3	I had another BBQ attack & decided to find a new place to try in the neighborhood. After a little searching I found Longhorn's BBQ on N. Rancho.After a little looking around I found it in a little strip mall but it had just closed up at 8pm. Damn it.Still hankering for some BBQ I recalled Buzz BBQ being somewhere of the 95 Hwy in this area and went off in search of some BBQ.Buzz BBQ was voted #1 BBQ joint in Las Vegas 2008 and there business is proudly displaying all their new banners and even had it painted on the front doors.It is not a small place-it actually a regualr size restaurant with lots of boothes and flat screen tv's for the sports fans. Most of the decor is Western.The hostess was very friendly and helpful describing all the different meats and her favorites. We settled on a 3meat family meal with 2 sides & rolls. I ordered ribs(3), beef brisket and chopped pork with mac-n-cheese  & baked beans plus rolls.We only waited 5 minutes and it was ready to go. The damage $20!All the meats were very moist & quite smoky but not overpowering. You could not really taste any rub but it was decent meat.The ribs were large and tender but a little fatty. The chopped pork was the best thing but it had no crunchy pork skin in it. The brisket was very tender but really fatty too.  The sauce was sweet but came on the side. The mac-n-cheese wasnt very good and the baked beans were canned. Overall it was a little disappointing considering it's suppossedly the BEST. For the same 3 meat 2 side combo I could have got it at CJ's for $12.99 & it was alot better there.
4	This place has the best BBQ I've had so far in Vegas.  Brisket, sausage, chicken, rib tips, and ribs have all been fantastic.  I've had good luck with the sides as well. They've recently moved to a new location which is much larger and open.  Food is still fantastic.The only reason I'm not giving this 5 stars is the sauce.  It's just ok and doesn't compare with the quality of their meats.  Rudy's Sause (yes that's how it's spelled) from Texas is still my favorite BBQ sauce.  Lately I've been getting take out so I can use my bottle of Rudy's at home.  I'm going to try to bring it into the restaurant and hopefully I won't get kicked out.Wish me luck.
4	Buzz was recommended to us from our Pastor Mike at Shadow Hill Baptist Church during worship service. How is that for a recommendation!We last went in 2008 and apparently they've moved and expanded.We liked the sampler and the sides. However I am always disappointed when a BBQ place does not have fries.Not the best BBQ we've ever had, but it beats anything so far in San Diego, including Phils BBQ!
4	I've only eaten here once and it was AWESOME.  The only reason it's 4 instead of 5 stars was the coleslaw...unsure what part of the planet considers this kind of slaw acceptable BBQ slaw...I'm just not a fan.  The meat was heavenly!  Some in our group didn't like the sauce but I loved it...reminded me of Leatha's BBQ (see previous 5 star Mississippi BBQ).  If you eat meat, you will very much enjoy this place.
4	I couldn't stay away...I ate here again.  Gluttony: 1 Me: 0The update is that the collards are ok, but not that great.  The coleslaw was "Cold Water Coleslaw"...I had never heard of this before.My co-workers were sad that this place didn't serve beer.  The waiter said that they have a pending license.
4	Found this place on both chowhound and yelp and had to try it since it was supposedly the "best" in vegas.  It did not disappoint at all.  Took ahile to get there from the strip, but did not care once I saw the buy one entree, get one free promotion. Score!Ordered the rib dinner and got the chicken dinner free.  They weren't enforcing that 2 drink thing that was mentioned below (this was about 3 weeks ago), but either way.  I feel like I got my money's worth.  The rib dinner was about 5-6 ribs and the sides were pretty big.  The chicken dinner was a half a chicken.Taste-wise, the ribs were nice and smoked, tender, and were very tasty.  Chicken was probably the best I have ever had.  Very delicious, and tasted good as cold leftovers later on in the day.  The sides were nothing special, as well as the rolls served with the meal.  The definite star was the meat.  I haven't had too much bbq in vegas, but this is going to be hard to top.
4	It pains me to give this place only 4 stars!  Surely 5 stars is easy when considering the food and the quality, however the price puts me down one.  Although they are a bit expensive; fellow yelpers!  far worht it.  This place has some of the best bbq sauce ever, and their ribs are to die for.  Now as far as ribs go, I am from Chicago which is strickley a baby back town (which Buzz's ribs are not), but my God they made a believer out of me!  They are smoked dry (without sauce) and you can add sauce when it comes out.  Wow!  Thats all I can say.  The full slab is a big portion, you will def have left-overs, but the taste is amazing.  If Jesus Christ ate bbq this would be one of his places, its that good!.  Worth the price, worth the time, you'll thank me for this review!By the way The beef brisket is second only to Smoke in Chicago, and it's a close race.  Highly recomended, just bring enough money!
3	Spotted the smoke stack in back so I knew I was in for a treat.  Restaurant layout was nice, western theme with some large LCDs for catching a game.  Staff was very friendly.Nice looking menu, everything from rib tips to chicken and brisket.  We were there on Sunday afternoon just after they opened (at Noon).  I got the 2 meat combo -Brisket and Ribs with Mac and Cheese and Collard Greens, Buddy got the Brisket and pulled pork.  Sides were ok, not the best; Mac and Cheese could use more cheese and the Collard green could use more flavor.  The Brisket was super tender and had a smoke ring but lacked any real smoke flavor.  The ribs were spare ribs, had a nice bark and were super tender but again no smoke flavor.  There were 2 sauces they provided along with some vinegar and hot sauce; the "hot" bbq sauce was no where near spicy and needed a few dashes of the hot sauce to get it going--along with a couple of dashes of the vinegar.Will definitely go back, so far the best BBQ in the North West...
3	This place was alright, but growing up in Virginia, North Carolina, and Texas I have definitely had better BBQ.  I had the Brisket and the Andoullie Sausage.  The Briskett I think was slightly over cooked and a little mushy and but the sausage was great.   The sides where very decent and I was excited about the fact that they had fried Okra.   The problem with this place is that the prices are a little steep for what you get but hey what are ya gonna do.
4	Four stars solidly. Too much food! Kinda wasteful. Great experiece overall. Recommend the brisket and the ribs.
3	I love brisket.  I spent a few years in Lawton, Oklahoma, and every winter we would stop by one of the store where a brisket vendor would be, grab a few pounds with their homemade bbq sauce and eat that for dinner almost every night.  I never get sick of it.  Since moving back home and then here to Vegas 2 years ago, I never thought that I'd find that bbq brisket with homemade bbq sauce again.This place has great brisket and sauce.  Their rolls are great, too!  If you want a nice, quick bbq meal any time of the year, they can do that for you.  It is voted one of the best in Vegas for 2009 and I can see why.  Although southerners may not feel as positively about this place as some of us do, it's good for the money you pay and in taste.  Their sauce is nice and has that subtle heat you want in a bbq sauce, with a sweet finish.  I am glad that they put it to the side when you order eating in or taking out.  I love ordering to take out for dinner because it's only a 10 minute wait. Their rolls come out hot, too.  I eat those with honey butter!  The ribs are good, too, but I've honestly had better.  I say that out of their entire menu, their brisket seems to be the best thing on it.Give it a try.  I thought it was worth the money, and we do eat here quite a bit now.
3	I went to the new location awhile back and it is okay.  If you like bbq then this place has to be on your list to try in Las Vegas.
4	I have been to Buzz BBQ one time. They were part of a church fundraiser for the college group. I brought some of my visiting family members. We were hungry! So, we ordered a family combo meal. There was enough food for the five of us to eat twice! The meat was delicious. This was maybe six months ago. I still remember the sausage and brisket. We would definitely bring a group to Buzz BBQ again for that family special. In fact, my fiance and I thought about this place a few days after eating at a different BBQ restaurant.
5	Even though it has a lame name, Buzz has some awesome BBQ!  I don't understand why people go to chain BBQ places (ahem, Famous Dave's & Sonny's) when there's awesome places like this around.  I can't compare Buzz to other places in Vegas because I haven't tried many here yet, but I grew up eating TN/AL/GA BBQ, so I know what GOOD pork tastes like!I'm not a sauce person - for me, it's all about the meat:  the tenderness, moistness, trimming of excess fat and the REAL smoky flavor (not liquid smoke!).  I either use no sauce at all or use just a dab, to add a little extra flavor & moisture, so I can't say if their sauce is good or bad - I'm just glad that they don't DRENCH the meat in sauce for me!We decided to get the 4 meat combo for $30 and man, was it a LOT OF FOOD.  Our meats were: pulled pork (my favorite), beef brisket (2nd favorite), catfish fillets (yummy as well) and ribs (very mediocre).  The pulled pork was perfect!  I'm a picky pulled pork person - usually, there's tons of fat, gristle and outside "burned" stuff mixed into the pork.  This pulled pork was soft throughout, pulled in fine shreds and was totally juicy.  The brisket was cooked perfectly and just fell apart (I liked the regular sauce on it).  I'm not usually a catfish fillet person (I like them with the bone), but the catfish was super tasty.  They didn't taste too fishy and the batter was nice and crispy and not super greasy.The ribs were kind of bland.  They were cooked well and literally fell off the bone, but I felt they needed a good dry rub on them.For sides, we got fried okra, baked beans and french fries.  The okra was probably frozen, but it was a really good frozen okra (I'm never satisfied with restaurant okra lol).  The baked beans had a tiny bit of spicy kick to them and were pretty decent.  The french fries were really good fries, even though they looked like run of the mill, frozen fries.For dessert was peach cobbler with vanilla ice cream.  OMG.  So.  Good.  That stuff was a little bowl of gooey, crunchy, warm goodness.Can I go back & get some more now??
2	First off before I bash the place let me say it if I wanted a BBQ sandwich for lunch at 8 bucks with a soda and a side I would eat here every time, just it's not a take the family or friends out to a BBQ feast place for me.    The meat was the most tender BBQ I have ever had, suspiciously tender, too tender.  I mean ribs so tender you could barely pick them up without them falling apart, some might love that but at a point it's too much.  The pulled pork came off as just a little mushy but had no chunks of fat like you might see elsewhere. I say suspiciously because meat smoked gets very tender but not fall apart tender like it's been braised or stewed and it also gets a crusty "bark" on the outside that rocks, it contrasts with the tender meat inside. Here the BBQ has no bark.  The meat did have an authentic almost strong smokey flavor and a smoke ring and you can also smell the smoke outside so I am not sure whats up, perhaps they smoke it for a while and then steam it or something to get it extra tender.  I ate there at 2 so it's not like it could have been sitting in a steamer tray all day but thats what it reminded me of.  The flavor just wasn't there out side of the strong smoke.  It needed salt at a minimum, there was no rub taste I could distinguish at all.  The sauce is ok but thin and diluted and the sides were, well, sides.  The dessert cobbler with ice cream was very buttery and delicious but a little small to share and it was 6 bucks.
4	Buzz BBQ  had some pretty solid BBQ.  We got the sampler platter and we got a ton of great food for pretty cheap.  Definitely worth a try!
4	If you are visiting Vegas and craving BBQ, then this is totally worth leaving the Strip for this BBQ.  The restaurant is pretty big and the staff is very friendly.  You know you are at a good BBQ restaurant when there's a roll of paper towel at each table...My husband and I both had a pulled pork sandwich and it was so good.  The meat was flavorful, tender, and melted in my mouth.  The sandwich was huge and more than either one of us could finish.  We didn't have room for dessert.  I think this will be a regular place for us when we're in Vegas.
3	Was going to go to Cabo Cantina at Santa Fe Station for lunch today with the family, but it was closed and didn't open until 3 pm.  So what did I do?  I jumped on Yelp to find an alternative.  What I found was Buzz BBQ which was only 1.5 miles away.Food - There is a ton of selections to choose from (see pics for menu).  I was going to order the Beef Brisket sandwich and the Pulled Pork sandwich, but the waitress convinced me to try the Tornado sandwich....which has Beef Brisket, Pulled Pork, and Sausage in it.  The sandwich is huge.  I ordered Fries on the side with Blue Cheese Dressing for dip.There are 2 sauces on the table.....Hot & Mild.  The Hot is not really that hot at all.....kind of disappointing as I like spicy BBQ sauce.  They get a -1 for that.  They also get another -1 for charging us $.50 ea for the Ranch and Blue Cheese dressing for our Fries.....I think that kind of stuff is petty....especially since our sandwiches were $11 a pop.The Tornado sandwich was very tasty.  I can taste the flavor of each meat.  The bun was just ok though....I think they could do better than that.  Even though they didn't have a spicy sauce, I liked how they allowed you to dress your sandwich with the sauce of your choice....I hate it when places drench their sandwiches in sauce.  Service - The service was fast and the server was friendly, +1.Atmosphere - The restaurant is in an outdoor shopping mall....they have it decked out in Western decor, but it's not really convincing....kind of cheesy actually....but that doesn't matter to me with a restaurant of this caliber.We had a clean table & booth and they gave us a roll of paper towels just in case....which is nice touch.I would have given this place 4 Stars, but the lack of a true spicy sauce and the petty charge for the dressings made me drop them to 3 Stars.  I still prefer them to the Memphis chain that's in town.Will I come back?  Sure, when I'm in the mood for BBQ.  Next time, I will bring my own sauce....lol.
5	Out of the way location, but worth the drive for awesome Q!  Based on fellow Yelpers recs, we checked this place out on our last Vegas trip.  My brother and  I were feeling it and we decided to split  the 4 meat sampler - chicken, ribs, pulled pork, and brisket.  All were very good, with the brisket probly being my fav. It ended up being a protein overload, but the portions were generous, with ample leftovers for another meal.We'll definitely be back on our next Sin City outing.
1	Wow, I'm reading the reviews and I'm like......SERIOUSLY.  How the heck did this place get 4 and 5 star reviews?  I always pass this place driving to my uncles house and hearing bad reviews from my cousins I'm not the one to judge until I know for myself.  Well they were absolutely right.  I had the "all you can eat" ribs and rib tips along with collard greens and fried okra.  First off, the bbq sauce wasn't that great (okay, maybe I'm just picky), Ribs were dry and overcooked (maybe just laying around for too long) and no "rub" was used.  Collard greens were really salty and the fried okra was nothing special.  The only good thing was the blue raspberry ice cream they gave my daughter.  I would not recommend this place to any bbq lovers.  (They would think I'm crazy)
3	The food is good, but they are too strict with their menu.  The portions are extremely large, and they aren't very accomodating if you want a smaller portion.  Great food if you're really hungry... Avoid it if you're not.
2	Was brought here by my husband....I figured it wouldn't be any good.So i went with a safe choice and got the chicken fingers. I tried what my husband ordered,which was the brisket, ribs and sausage...Just as i thought Yuck! Brisket was dry and the sausage tasted like it came from the grocery store.
2	Only one word comes to mind to sum up my Buzz BBQ experience....DISAPPOINTING.  The brisket was flavorless and dry, the sausage was OK with the casing providing a good snap but as far as the flavor was considered it was mediocre.  Ribs were tender and moist yet flavorless.  Hey Buzz!... listen up you shouldn't have to rely on sauce to provide both flavor and moistness to the meat.  The meat should be the star with the sauce simply providing a new dimension and flavor to an all ready existing exceptional cut of meat, however with your BBQ this is simply not the case.  Lastly the sauce wasn't even that good, the "Hot" sauce was simply not so.  So with that being said, onward in my search to find exceptional BBQ in the Las Vegas valley.
3	Been there twice. First time we went had the 2 meat combo. Brisket and ribs. Ribs tender and brisket was fabulous. Nice and juicy. Second time we went, I had the chicken and brisket. Chicken dry, even the dark meat was dry. Brisket extremely dry this time. Nothing like the first time I went. One thing I really hate is dry meat. For the money we paid, I expect some kick ass meat but was very disappointed in the food and consistency. I will be going elsewhere next time.
5	It is likely that any of the poor reviews they have gotten, occurred long before they tweaked it into the experience I just had, or they just had an off day. And believe me I don't let anyone get away with mediocrity in my reviews and I'm somewhat of a culinary snob. It also may be that so many places in Vegas are really bad and that I've become so accustomed to this, that when someone does something decent, it seems better than it really is. However I do believe that Buzz BBQ is definitely on the right track and doing it very, very well.This is everything one should expect from a BBQ restaurant! Meats that involve flavor steps, such as brining, marinades, spice rubs and most importantly low, slow and smoky cooking with wood and or coal. Side dishes that compliment the richness of authentic BBQ, opposed to going to war with it. These people obviously have a passion for and take pride in what they are doing. There are quite a number of places in Las Vegas that fall so short of this it's appalling. As I mention in most of my reviews, baking & or boiling meat and then putting BBQ sauce on it does not make it BBQ and anyone who does this has no business calling it such. What these guys do is fantastic. Brisket that's sliced thick, but still tender enough to cut with a fork. Ribs that are brined, flavorful and extremely tender that come close to, but do not actually fall off the bone (this is not easily achieved by most people). Chicken that even has breast meat that retains juiciness as the result of brining and not overcooking. Meat with a notable "smoke ring" resulting in true BBQ flavor which tells you that the people making this food, actually know what it is that defines the style. Beans, Rice, Macaroni and potato salad etc. some of which they might actually prepare, instead of opening a can, putting it in a container and charging you for doing that. Thank you Buzz BBQ for contributing to the positive side of the normally uninspired void of local food culture. Thank you for creating an experience for people, that will leave them well educated and with a proper understanding of what BBQ is, instead of robbing them of it. I should also mention, great location, great environment, friendly, knowledgeable staff, fast service and the story goes on. Three Thumbs Up!!
3	Just left Buzz BBQ and I need a nap lol very good portions if you have kids their meals are free with an adult meal so very wallet friendly! We had the pulled pork which was very tender and juicy! Sauce was mediocre and service a little slow but overall it's an alright BBQ joint I'd like to try their smoked turkey for the holidays...
5	I've been here 3+ times in the last few weeks and I'm already planning my upcoming visits. I've had great service and really great food.I always get the meat combo w/ sides. My two fave meats are brisket and pulled pork. My two favorite sides are collard greens and collard greens. :) Try the ribs too... Wow!As a pie hater, I didn't think to order the cobbler a la mode, but due to the waiter's convincing promise of its goodness, we gave it try. Wow! It's one of the best restaurant desserts ever. I've only had blackberry. Try it, seriously.There are coupons on the company's website that don't have an expiration, so just double check with your waiter if you can use 'em before ordering. I'm mos def a regular --- See you there!
4	Let me preface this by saying that I am by no means a BBQ snob...Texas, KC, etc...if it's good food, I'm all for itThat said, Buzz is a pretty darn good place to go for some BBQ.  The individual meal prices can seem a little steep, but the portions are large and you can get a 3 meat combo that will feed 2 people no problemThe quality was very good as well, we had the brisket, pulled pork, and rib tips with sides and we stuffed down as much as we could before throwing in the towel and getting a to-go box.  The meat is very tender and the sauce they have on the table is a great compliment.The service is good, although it got busy after we arrived and they may have been a little short handed, but all in all we did not have to wait too long for drinks or the check.Overall, I would recommend this to the casual BBQ fan any day of the week.  Much better than some of the larger chain restaurants in the area.
4	I live about 2 miles from this restaurant and had been meaning to try it for some time. Finally gave it ago with my 12 yr old daughter for some lunch yesterday afternoon. I had really high expectations after i saw the "best of RJ" award  stickers plastered all over the door.I ordered a shredded brisket sandwich with Sweet potato fries, which was absolutely amazing,all the meat was super tender and moist and I could have eaten a pound of the sweet potato fries that were sprinkled with sugar, YUM!  My daughter had the ribs which she went to town on..they also were fall off the bone tender and she them ALL which is abnormal for her...so they must have been good!The only thing I would change is the bbq sauce  they serve on the side. One bottle was marked "mild", the other was marked "hot" and I couldnt tell the difference between the two as they both tasted like regular bbq sauce. It would have been a homerun if the "hot" bbq sauce was actually hot.Really great food, this will definitely be our new go-to bbq joint!
5	We were greeted by Jerry with a whole lot of hospitality and helpfulness.Greeted with smiles and guided us through the menu and giving us first timers some recommendations. He said he would promise to make sure he spoils us. Usually I would say that's some pretty big words to put out there, but definitely he did mean it and knew that they can deliver it today. He said the sweet tea is pretty sweet so he did a half sweet half regular tea for us and it was smooth and right on the money with it being just enough sweet. BF and I shared a 3 meat/2 side combo and we chose ribs, brisket and pulled pork with some fried okra and potato salad and came with 2 rolls. Ribs were fall off the bone soft- look at the picture, clean bones! Brisket was soft, juicy and the fat was melt in your mouth from the long smoking...it doesn't get melty when it isn't smoked right or long enough. Pulled pork is normally dry at places but that was juicy and lovely flavors (I made mine into little sammies with the dinner rolls). They live their stuff dry so you can sauce your own...I didn't detect too much rub on there, but it had flavor and had the perfect amount of smokiness too it. Fried okra was yummy! Nice seasoning in the batter, very crisp and hot! Potato salad was tangy and mustard southern style- it was decent. Sauce is the boss of the meal and theirs is homemade. I would say their sauce is good, but not the best I've had. They have a "mild" which is more of a sweet style sauce. The "hot" isn't hot at all so it's a bit misleading.... there is a whisper of a bite that wouldn't even register for spicy lovers and this is a bit more of a tangy sauce. They should just relabel them "sweet" and "tangy" than "hot" and "mild". I mixed them and prefer the taste mixed.  If would be ultra cool if they actually made one hot sauce that was actually hot enough to make you slap yo momma. I love hot BBQ sauce...maybe I should bring my own bottle and mix some hot into theirs and it would be BBQ perfection. I think with such solid meats, if they just worked on making different styles of sauces  specially bolder/spicier ones then this place would be the BBQ boss of Vegas. This was some decent BBQ. I was impressed how on it was....I was expecting good/okay, but this was pretty tasty... I've had some serious BBQ back home in LA and gone to BBQ cookoffs.  I love BBQ and with the lack of "BBQ culture" in Vegas, I honestly had low hopes of finding a place where I would be satisfied. Sure places with "the BBQ culture" like Texas are hard to beat and I think kinda difficult to compare to the top tier kings of meat without setting yourself up for always being disappointed. Try not to and you might have a good meal. This was good BBQ- for Vegas. This meaning it's solid for here, but would maybe not be the place to grub at in the heart of BBQ territories. Maybe if places like these take off we can have BBQ fever grow...maybe I'm wishing for impossibles. It was $20 dollars for the combo-  a lot of good food and was such good value for how satisfied we were. I only have one big concern- most BBQ places here seem to be inconsistent. We came on a very "on" day and hope that there is more "on" than "off" ones here. Of course, another visit is in order for that question to be answered and we will be bringing mom and grandma here. BBQ is only great when they are consistent....if this place is, then it's a very easy sell on it becoming a new favorite place and I will not hesitate to do a UYE (Unofficial Yelp Event) here in the future for the AYCE ribs!  I was thinking I was going to give a 4 since it was solid, but I do have some questions still about consistency and would like more bold sauces....but screw reservations this visit was wonderful and I surely think they deserve top marks. Have to say the 5 star bump is definitely because of the personable, funny, attentive hospitality we received. I've always been someone who appreciates good service and service with a smile- we got that and THEN some.  Service  is where people tend to you and is just the standard expectancy and when I say hospitality it is the echelon of service compliments from me. Hospitality only is experienced when someone loves people, enjoys what they do and takes a personal pride into making an experience happen for you. Hospitality is when you feel like you are so comfortable and spoiled and that it is a experience and not just receiving food.  We never had to ask for anything- it was all anticipated for us. Drinks were tended, we were checked on often, even a box came out before I even asked for one and the check came out after that. Lots of little suggestions and tidbits about the food throughout the meal, little jokes here and there and plenty of smiles. If only all servers could be like this. JERRY IS THE MAN! We will be back for sure!
5	Short and simple update-Brought mom and grandma in law this time around and they liked it. Mommas seal of approval is always a good thing. We like to take them out to new places and with very different palettes it sometimes is a stumper what restaurant can please everyone. Here's another to their hit list. Like I stated in my longwinded previous review the BBQ needed a consistency test to see if it is good or by accident we came on a good day. BBQ is only as good as how consistent a pit boss is. Passed- definitely good the 2nd visit....the ribs were maybe even better than 1st visit.Had room for dessert this time! Blackberry cobbler was pretty good specially if you like a slightly salty granola crunch top, which I do. I think this means a UYE will be coming up soon enough!UPDATE 12/5- Still good so it's consistent.
4	I was  turned on to this place the the super Yelp-a-licious Mistress Jade.  The hubster and I tried it out today and YUM!  I was so NOT disappointed!  We both decided to try out the Brisket Sandwich with a side of their home made potato salad.  HUGE!!!!  I couldn't finish the potato salad but managed (barely) to polish off the delicious, tender, juicy, flavorful mountain of Beef Brisket that was majestically placed between two toasted bunz.  ahhhhhhh.  Sooo good! They offer two delicious BBQ sauces; one Mild and one Hot, though the Hot really has just a slight kick to it. They are both delicious! Generous portions, FANTASTIC SERVICE!!  I neglected to get our waitresses name but she was SUPERB! So two scrumptious meals with drinks and tip came out to $21 and change.  Pretty good deal for FANTASTIC BBQ!!   We will definitely go here again!  THANKS FOR THE SUGGESTION JADE!!  You da' woman!
5	This review is for the new location on tropicana.  It's been a few years since our last visit to buzz's at the original location on ann rd.  The one thing I remember about buzz' s is that they have some of the best brisket I ever ate . I have had brisket at some of the best BBQ restaurants  in texas(kreutz ,coopers,angelos, salt lick,dwyers, iron works and railhead) tennesee ( neely's , corkys) and buzz' brisket can stand with anybody 's as u can tell i luv bbq, eating it and smoking my own . Well before I go off in a tangent , I can talk BBQ for hours it's a passion of mine, let's get back to buzz's  I had the brisket dinner with fries and collard greens          Im happy to say buzz's hasn't missed a beat still some of the best brisket i ever ate, tender and juicy. Fries and greens were good . BBQ sauce, tomato based  not to sweet a little smokey doesn't overpower the meat . I've probably smoked  about 40 or so briskets in the last 10 years and not once have I come close to what these guys do on a regular bases :( , and my brisket ain't bad at all it's just not great like buzz's . Next time will have the ribs as I can recall those were pretty good too .  Our server stephanie was  very nice.
3	I reeally need to remember to review a place right after trying it out... Here's what I remember:Me and my friends are trying to hit up every BBQ place in town, and heard good things about Buzz. We were supposed to meet around 5:30 for dinner and that was when me and my BF arrived, but my friend didn't show up til about 6:30 due to rain and traffic. But the server guy seemed very anxious and kept trying to have us order and seem to be trying to rush us. I felt kind of uncomfortable with his approach.When we finally ordered, which we got pulled pork sandwich, ribs, and brisket (combo) . And for dessert.. Blackberry Cobbler with freshly churned ice cream. Yum. And the guy that made the dessert actually came out to make sure we liked it. Oh yeah, I remembered that we actually really wanted a pulled pork sandwich, but since we got the meat combo instead, we stuffed the dinner rolls with butter and the pulled pork and that was pretty good!Overall, the service was 'okay' and the food was good, but not great. Nothing special about the ribs or pulled pork or the sides. The sauce wasn't great and the meat comes out pretty dry. There was a large party of 30 but our food still came out pretty quickly.We did get a stamp card so there is a reason to go back. The food definitely wasn't bad, but it wasn't great. And for the same price, I have had better.This review isn't that helpful is it?
3	Vegas locals have told me this is the best bbq in all of las Vegas. While this may be true, I believe this is simply due to lack of options. Bbq meats were decent but nowhere near anything one could find on any corner of Texas, Memphis, or even LA. The best part of my dinner was the cobbler for desert topped with home made ice cream.
2	Disappointingly Dry...I pulled into Buzz for a small meal after a long day at work. Which began as I walked in & was greeted by the owner, I would assume. I was then ushered to my table by an energetic waiter who enthusiastically assured me that this would be an experience of a lifetime...I've heard that before...On to the food! Since I was looking for a small meal I went and ordered the Texas Tornado! A mixture of three meats: beef brisket, pulled pork & andouille in a bun! A juicy temptation! My host recommended that since this was my first visit to jump into adding their zesty BBQ baked beans as a side & the southwest tea as my drink.I was slightly flustered waiting for the waiter to take down my order, since it would seem he was multi-tasking too many things & unable to prioritize his tasks as fumbled around the dining area. I don't blame him...seems that he was the only person on the floor serving.When my dish came out of the kitchen, it had a majestic appearance! All those layers of meat were awaiting my palate. My expectations immediately ended on the first bite...The meat was DRY! Hence the smoky flavors of the meat were not at all prominent, if at best flat, flat, flat...Nothing stood out except for the andouille & my side order of beans. It became a chewy & swallow experience instead of the wow factor that the other reviews point out...
5	Great food, great atmosphere, great service, and friendly waiters/waitresses!!!
5	The BF and I normally share a 3 meat&2 side combo and are pretty satisfied with the amount of food for $20. They sweetened the deal with a current special dinner for two which is the 3meat&2side plate with a mini cobbler dessert for each person for $19.99. Still consistent with the meats. The smoked andouille sausage was actually better this time around- the BF was totally feeling on it. Blackberry cobbler a la mode is worth making some room. Very comforting, berryful and I like that the crust is a bit sweet and salty. Still enjoy this place, still recommend it. I see it has hit and miss times though...I don't know if maybe the time makes a difference, but we always have a fairly good meal and good service on Sundays. It just happened by coincidence that it was always a Sunday from 5-7pm but if that's when the better people are on staff then I'll keep going at that time.
5	I love Buzz BBQ.  The make tradditional slow cooked BBQ.  The pulled port is my favorite, but the rib tips and spare ribs are amazing as well.  The meat falls off the bone, when there is a bone.  The flavor is deep and smoked and throughout everything.One of the best things is their two person specials.  for $19.99 they will give you the choice of 3 meats, 2 sides and 2 cobblers.  This is one of the few places that has a dinner for 2 that is good quality food for under $20.I could not recommend this place highly enough.EAT UP!!
1	I had the Texas Tornado sandwich and was very disappointed. The portion size was huge, but when I bit into it, it all became a big pile of mush. The brisket was chopped up making it stringy and paste-like, instead of being cut into thick strips, and was undistinguishable among the pork, which was also chopped up finely and mushy. The bun wasn't even toasted and held the same texture as the meat when bitten into. The only highlight was the andouille sausage but it was cut too thinly to accentuate it's full potential - as thick as pepperoni on a pizza.  I also had the Coleslaw which was disappointing as well. It didn't taste fresh and it's texture was soggy like it had been made a day or two prior. On a positive note, one thing Buzz did well was 'consistency', but unfortunately for them, it's was all consistently awful. I wonder how this place got so many favorable reviews because you've really got to TRY to make food as bad as the kind I had.  Barbecue Cuisine is made up of many different cuts of meat, each having their own distinct characteristics that make them special. Thus, barbecue cuisine should be presented to accentuate these characteristics not to blend them and/or make alike. I guess buzz didn't get the memo.
5	Love this place. Very affordable and very good BBQ.  More St Louis style than Kansas City.  Meat has a great smoked flavor.  I find myself not using any BBQ sauce as it tastes so good already.  We go to Buzz about twice a month and it's always great.  Check out the dinner for two at 19.95. Great deal and you will not leave hungry.
2	After enjoying my first take-out experience with Buzz BBQ back when it was on Ann Road, I decided to dine-in at this location on W Craig Rd. Everything from the restaurant's decor to the food and prices was nothing short of disappointing.To start my review, the service was "a matter of opinion". If you like your servers aggressive, in-your-face, and meat-headed, Buzz BBQ will suit your fancy. If you DON'T like servers that are doing everything they can to suck the extra dollar out of your pocket (including conveniently not charging you for a beer then saying "you can put it on the tip if you like"), you might want to avoid Buzz BBQ. But it all comes down to the food, right? Not a good thing for Buzz. The cold-water coleslaw was inedible. The macaroni and cheese was tasteless. The rib tips were WAY too smokey. Did I mention the rib tips were WAY too smokey? Yes, I did; but I can't emphasize that enough. Some people like the smoke flavor, and I don't usually mind it, but Buzz BBQ takes it to the next level. My breath smelled like wood when I was finally done chomping through the dry rib tips. Not good.I don't know why so many people I know rave about Buzz BBQ. With a Famous Dave's just a few miles away, my advice would be to visit Dave for all your barbeque needs.
4	alright im a fan of some good bbq and i must say i am a fan of this place. Ive tried 2 different sandwiches, some beef tips, pulled pork and a few others and let me say ive enjoyed them all. Im also a fan of there sweet potato fries i just wish they would give more that's the only down side, they need to put more sweet potato fries in the to go plates! But other than that this place is awesome and the prices a more than fair. I would highly suggest if your looking for some darn good BBQ you make a stop here at buzz's! There is alot of free parking and this place is totally easy to find. We usually order take out and there take out is very fast as well and the workers there are always so helpful to get us in and out.
5	Server was very friendly, cook even stepped out of the kitchen to ask how our meal was. I had the brisket sandwich which was good but the bun fell apart because of all the meat. My husband had the sausage dinner which he ate for lunch and had enough leftover for a whole meal. I chose collard greens as a side which were a bit salty. My husband had Mac n cheese and ice water Cole slaw. His Mac n cheese was a bit bland but he said he'll never eat Cole slaw anywhere else. We shared a peach cobbler for dessert and it was out of this world. Next time I'd get the $20 meal for two because out two meals was a lot of food. I can't wait to go back
5	This place is seriously legit. Compare to bullshit Dave's BBQ, this place is one of those low-key spots i wish existed in Southern California.Portions and how it's serve, complete TLC, is excellent. The Dinner specials are the best!If you're headout to vegas and in dire need of bbq to mess you up before you head out to the vegas strip, buzz will do the job!
3	I already reviewed the other location, but I decided to come back because they offered me a $5 off coupon last time, and there were still items on the menu I wanted to try.I got the two combo special, with pulled pork and chopped brisket...at least, that's what I asked for.  They brought me the sliced brisket, which is what I had last time.  Oh well.  The pulled pork was unusually wet...not wet in the sense that it was drowned in BBQ sauce (the sauce is provided on the side), but almost like it was saturated in water or something.  Very, very odd tasting.  The brisket, once again, was very fatty and dry.  I've never said this before, but it was actually TOO MUCH meat for me to handle.  Oh, and it came with a couple of rolls on the side.  For some reason, I thought the bread came free with the meal, so I asked for some more, and imagine my surprise when I was charged $1.00 on the bill for two rolls!  Not a big deal, but just a heads-up if you're craving extra bread.I've got to say...I'm not much of a fan.  It's all right, and the servings are well-portioned, but I've had better...
1	I was VERY dissapointed with this local BBQ place. I recently moved up to Las Vegas and was looking for a BBQ place on here. I only went because of the good reviews and I was shocked to see at how poor the quality of the food was. I asked how they prepared their mixed vegetables and they told me they were steamed with a little butter, because they were the frozen bag kind of veggies. The chicken had tons of fat! The ribs were sooo dried out. The sauces were ridiculous. Mild was bland, Hot was barely mild, and "HOT SAUCE" was Tapatio sauce re-bottled in a plastic container.  Very pricy for food I could buy at Smart and Final and reheat at a restaurant to upsell. I can't believe I passed up Famous Daves for this place. NEVER AGAIN.
1	Went there with my wife after reading very positive reviews in the Internet and the local news paper.  May be our expectations were too high, but after tasting their food, we were kinda disappointed.  The decor and the service remind us a fast-food stand.  The meat was dry and way too smoky that stacked in our mouths for long hours after.  I understand that for some people  this is the ultimate BBQ taste, but not for us.
1	TAKE A PASS---Buzz started off great and deteriorated.  We took out tonight and had very dry (pot roast) brisket w/out sauce.  I specifically asked about sauce and the server proudly stated it's in a container served on the side.  This is the forth time we have eaten Buzz BBQ and each time we left more and more disappointed but continue to give them the benefit of the doubt for we love BBQ and have limited offerings in LV. If we were dining in we would have certainly sent the brisket back, it should not have been served.  I'd love to know how long ago it left the smoker.  It was truly beyond dry.  The chicken was OK but the rib tips were also dry and I'm not sure they have anything to do with any section of the rib.  The mac/cheese was watered down with a very spicy white pepper bite.To make matters worse, when I called and complained I was asked if I wanted to drive back and pick up some sauce--REALLY.  I was told they would keep my name by the register and give us a free meat and side when we returned rather than credit back to my charge a portion of this bad meal. We'll use this $25 meal as a learning experience.
3	Buzz BBQ is decent 'Que but unfortunately based on my loving relationship with Dinosaur BBQ(probably the best BBQ ever) I simply can't rate it higher than 3 stars.The $20 special including 3 meats, 2 sides, and rolls is a great meal to split with a date or just a good friend who wants to pig out. A great array of meats and sides allows you to truly sample the menu. Unfortunately the meat was a bit cold when it came to the table but the hot BBQ sauce was delicious! I'll definitely be giving Buzz BBQ a second chance to impress simply because I have a soft spot in my heart for authentic BBQ. The owner seems like he truly had a passion for what he was doing and I appreciate that.
3	TL;DR - 3.5 Stars but after flipping a coin that landed on heads, I'm bumping it up to 4 stars.  Actually I take that back after trying this out 4 stars seems too high.  I was pretty hyped to finally come here to try some ribs and some brisket, I have been pretty high on some Famous Daves for awhile now so I was hoping Buzz BBQ would be the same.I was actually pretty disappointed.  I loved the decor in the store, pretty nice and warm.  The service was pretty good.  But I couldn't get by the taste.  With the $20 special (shared with a friend) I was able to try out Ribs, Pulled Pork, and Brisket with a side of fries and a roll.  No matter what I BBQ sauce I tried, everything except the pulled pork didn't really stand out.  It was not bad food at all, but comparing to many other places it seemed like a let down.  Overall it is a decent place and 3.5 stars would be ideal imo, the owner seems like a great fellow and I wouldn't mind trying this place out down the road.  I am really not digging the fact that nothing interesting happens when I go to restaurants and I end up writing a bland review.
4	By far the best BBQ I've had in Vegas.  All of their meats and sides are delicious.  The desserts are great as well.
4	My honey and I stopped at this place for lunch and was satisfied! The greens awesome, the potato salad awesome, the fish!!!! Awesome! The dinner rolls, hard.... Cornbread muffins is what they need. Peach cobbler and ice cream... Awesome.. there chicken is awesome & the brisket is tender and you know...  awesome lol everything is full of flavor and cooked to perfection! Even the fried okra is awesome! They are awesome... Even there sweet tea and lemonade is awesome... Friendly employees, down to earth owner, and even the chef comes out and speaks to you... This place is awesome. Ps they have Tapitio hot sauce on the tables which I'm not sure why lol however they have red hot in the back if your not feeling the Mexican hot sauce on BBQ (: lol BTW there awesome awesome awesome...
4	I've always liked Buzz BBQ but I think the food has gotten better.  The BBQ chicken salad is my favorite, out of all the BBQ restaurants.  I also like the brisket and the sides, and I love the sauces.I don't care for the ribs - a little too fatty for my taste.
4	Even though I don't eat meat, they have the BEST fries I've ever tasted. The prices are decent, and the staff is friendly.Plus, they're always helping the community and that makes me happy. :]
5	This is by far my most favorite BBQ joint in las Vegas. They have great sandwiches, sides, plates, and appetizers. Their cobbler is very good too.
4	My 1st time here. Take out. Great friendly service and only about 5-6 min wait. All food was great and Would have got 5 stars but they Forgot my Rolls!! Boooo! I will be back though.
1	We ate there in January, and it was FREEZING inside the restaurant! I got catfish that was greasy and tasteless. (Which is the only reason that I'm glad that the portions are TINY!) My husband got the pulled pork that was served fairly cold. French fries were cold, too.
4	The ribs were amazing and the vinegar-based coleslaw is delicious. However the atmosphere is nothing special and the service is a bit inconsistent. But when I want BBQ, this is the place!
5	Great food, great service get pulled pork, great all.. A must try
4	Great neighborhood find.  Love their hot bbq sauce.  And amazing cobbler and ice cream.
1	You know for a local eatery ok...but as a destination for "good BBQ"...it's not a destination I'd go for. Went w/ a part of 4..they have all these local write up's of their fantastic food, dating back to 2009... Well I think things have gone down hill..Had a brisket sandwich and side of vinager cole slaw..Sandwich was really basic.grilled bun & meat.  Meat as dry..had to slather it BBQ sauce on the table. Cole Slaw very sour....Service was okay nothing to warrent and over the top tip had to remind the server every time i needed a refill...Took a risk w/ the desert..blackberry cobbler as everyone was raving about it...big mistake served barely warm couldn't discern the taste of blackberries...but hey was late (7;30) probably scrapped from the last batch of the day..didn't even have a topping..not likely to return..I know it's a local place and should be supported..but next time I want BBQ it will be Famous Daves. Others had the meat salad..when all was said and done bill was over $65.00..pretty steep for 3 salads, 3 cobblers,brisket sandwich and an I tea..OH A/C was blasting was 65 degrees in the restaurant..had to go outside to warm up
4	Great bbq, and decent service. they downside was their runny cobbler .
4	I've been going to this place for years and have never been disappointed.  The staff is friendly and the food is great.  I prefer the pulled pork but have never had anything there I don't like.
3	Decided to stop in for lunch-- brisket sandwich was just "ok". Decent sweet tea and service.  What is GREAT is the peach cobbler ala mode!!
4	This place is a great find.  I had the pulled pork, ribs and rib tips.  Each had a great flavor and the bbq sauce has a nice deep flavor with a little kick.  You can smell the place within 500 yds.  Very difficult to stay away.
4	At Buzz BBQ you can expect to be treated with respect by all of the staff and likely be greeted by the owners. Buzz gets high marks for customer service. The staff is very friendly. They are attentive. The service is quick. Always a great experience when I stop in. As for the food, it is fine. I usually get a Pig Twister sandwich (chopped brisket and andoullie sausage). Though last time I kept it simple and ordered just a brisket sandwich with no sausage. The meat is tender and smoky. There is a lot of it piled on the bun. Their beans are good but seem like they are from a can. I can't confirm that as true though. Just my opinion. The sweet tea could be sweeter but it is refreshing as is. I think the best thing I've had from Buzz is the peach cobbler. It comes out hot, sweet and sticky in a ceramic cup. Awesome. I enjoy coming to Buzz though it is not my favorite BBQ place. Still, I'm glad there is a good BBQ place near me.
2	I'll start with the service. We were seated quickly and the drinks and food came quickly. I would love to continue the praise and I would love to give more stars than 2 but sadly I cannot because I just cant rave about a 1 trick pony. I say one trick pony because the meat was great! The pulled pork meat is amazing even sauceless, the dinner portion was HUGE and my wife loved the brisket. Sadly that is all I can say positively about the food. The seemingly pre-made bread rolls and butter at the beginning of the meal would have been better to skip. The sauce was Ok but nothing to write home about. The majority of our sides were some of the most unimpressive things I have ever had. The fried okra was almost definitely pre-done and totally flavorless, the mac and cheese was missing the "and cheese" and was really more like mac and a slight hint of cheese, the black eyed peas and rice were just that with no addition of flavor to speak of and the supposedly best cobbler ever was so bad that my wife sent it back. The one semi-redeeming side was the collard greens as they were pretty good. We spoke to the waitress about the quality of the sides and especially the mac & cheese and her response was "well I know that it's homemade but I don't actually watch them make it" There was no offer of a different side or any other remedy to the deplorable quality we were extremely disappointed by this response.. They did take the cobbler off the bill but at that point I was so disappointed by the quality of the majority of the food and the lack of trying to wow us with service that I had already made the decision not to return. I have to say that when I go out to eat I really expect not just the main food item to be above boxed our stouffers quality but the sides as well. So then if you are serving a basic food like mac and cheese, if basic Kraft mac and cheese beats you hands down you are going to have a bad time. (at least with me)
4	Food was decent and so were the prices. The coleslaw was a vinegar slaw, instead of a mayonaise base, which was refreshing. The fries were really good, also. It wasn't super busy, and the service was good. Will definitely go back.
3	I ordered the Pulled Pork. It was missing the smoke but the meat was tender.
3	This BBQ joint is on the end of a Strip mall; it doesn't look by much but if you are nearby (my GF gets her nails down next door and I get bonus points for driving her and I earn a great lunch out of the deal so guys it pays to volunteer to be a chauffeur every now and again)Ok, the food is top notch; great catfish; the Briquette is divine; the server was a trip and is what you expect going into a old school mom and pop dive restaurant (this is by no means a dive) it's a very intimate little restaurant sitting perhaps 50 people max.I know they spray for bugs/rodents as the exterminator came in twice during my last visit...Just a word of advice for the managers there; schedule these guys during off hours like before you open or after you close and not during the start of your early lunch crowd; I haven't been too keen on going back since I saw the man carrying his arsenal back into the kitchen and exiting with more things than he came in with. Your food was good but the mental image of the march of death performed by the exterminator visit was just too much for you to overcome.
3	I had take-out once. Food was alright, nothing spectacular. Ice water coleslaw is not my thing. Give the place a try and find out for yourself....and write about your experience on Yelp.
3	Was a great place went downhill
2	2 words... No Bueno!I was so excited to return to Buzz's since I had eaten at another location last year while I was visiting Vegas. I had remembered that they had AMAZING blackberry cobbler. We first attempted to visit on Monday but the location was closed.We returned today and had some serious built up anticipation. We sat down and ordered sweet tea, it was just the way I liked it, and the brought us super nummy cornbread! Both my friend and I ordered the 3 item combo as we like to have leftovers. I was thrilled that they had all the meats pulled, just the way I like em! I ordered pulled brisket, pulled chicken and pulled pork ALL of which were good! As my sides I ordered mac and cheese, collard greens and corn on the cob. The mac and cheese was shameful at best, the greens and corn were ok, but nothing special. For dessert I ordered the blackberry cobbler which, as I remembered, was VERY good! Overall the meal was good but nowhere worth the $30+ per meal we paid. I was shocked to see the bill after the $25 gift certificate I had, had been applied was still over $50. I had noticed that the server had taken it upon herself to add in 20% gratuity, which I thought was a bit generous considering the service we had. The server was pleasant, but not very attentive.Overall, I was not impressed enough with the food to make a return trip. I think for the money I spent here, I could've had a much better meal elsewhere.
1	the brisket is very dry, lacks flavor. the pulled pork lacks flavor. both meats were over cooked around the edges to the point of black. this place microwaves everything, even the roll (which i had to remind them that my lunch combo came with). the baked beans came right out of a can tastes like the store brand not even bushes. the food was very salty. you can't put salt on meat and call that seasoned. i will not return. i can microwave better food at home than this.
1	no stars!!! my daughter and her husband went here last night with a gift card we gave them . they did not honnor the card!!!! wepaid 50 dollars for!!! oh my god!!!  please everyone stay away from this shady place!!!   its a rip off
1	We've been to the old location on Tropicana that closed. It was much better.First thing we walked in and the sign said wait to be seated, so we waited. Nobody came up. We were looked at by everyone working there, but nobody said anything. Finally I flagged someone down and they told us to sit. The only section they were seating was next to the bathrooms. It smelled like a mixture of a porto-potty and meat. The servers--if you could call them that--were so confused as to what was going on with the tables. Nobody was our actual server or busboy. We were seen by four different people. They were all so helpful when we didn't need help, but when it came time to refill water, get the check or bring us the half of our meal we were waiting for nobody wouuld come by or even stop. The were semi-friendly, but not really. We ordered their "special" 2 for $20. It is not a "special" it is just an item on the menu. It comes with three meats, two sides and three breads (supposed to be). We asked for double pulled pork and were told it would cost an extra $5, so we went with chicken instead. Two sides were black-eyed peas and baked beans. We waited for much longer then already cooked food should take to get to us--about 20+ minutes. I mean come on the meat is already cooked or smoked, the sides are already made sitting in their pots of whatever holding device they have and their bread is from a bag they don't make that.Finally the food came out and the meat was good. I'd go back for the meat. The sides were good, not great. The sides were decent. We waited and waited and waited for the bread. Nobody came. Two of the four servers came by but didn't even glance at us and basically ran past us. I finally stopped someone and asked where our bread was. After some huffing and puffing the server said ok fine. A few minutes later he brought back two pathetic excuses for bread. Food is decent. Atmosphere is smelly (like poop) and strange. Servers are rude. Food service is super slow. Portions are not big enough for what they describe. I won't be back.
2	Lose a star for the bad taste of soda. Lose half a star for serving the wrong food, then questioning us like we didn't know what we ordered. Then left it and got the correct side. Lose half a star for the taste of the sides. Only thing good here was the meat.Also, one of the tvs was entertaining two kids. We could hear it over the music playing in the restaurant. I wouldn't come back. :-(
4	If taste were everything, this place would win hands down! I love this place and have been coming to Buzz since they were a little check wagon stand in a small shopping center on Ann Rd. near Centennial. The only complaint that I could make is that it is just a little pricey, but I do understand what goes into smoking meat. The price of slow smoking can be costly.Buzz is definitively worth trying!
4	I'm not sure what everyone's bunged up about?In the BBQ world, Buzz rocks! This is our annual trip to Las Vegas and Buzz's is definitely part of the schedule! From the wonderful smell of smoke when you walk in the door, to the excellent ribs and brisket, this place oozes BBQ genius! I agree the sides and service are a bit lackluster, but the meat is to die for! Both the mild and spicy (hot) BBQ sauces are tasty. I like to mix them together in equal parts for the best of the best! True BBQ aficionados owe it to themselves to try this place!!
2	Lots of mixed reviews, decided to try it anyway...the service was great, the brisket was tender and the sauce was very decent-BUT the sides were awful! *rolls were rock hard*potato salad was from a carton*cornbread was old and flavorless *sweet tea bland!*corn was cooked within an inch of its life First and last visit!
5	Went here for the first time tonight. And all I got to say is, WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH ME? I've been going to that shitty sushi restaurant next door for the longest time and never once gave this place a second glance. In fact, that was where I was going tonight buuut I was in for a new adventure. And I'm glad I took it!I walk in and I'm seated, I'm the only one there besides a group of 4 or so. I ordered the 3 meat combo, picking the brisket, the pulled pork, and the ribs. (I know, my new years resolution to be a vegetarian took a dump on me) For the sides, i got the sweet potatoes and the BBQ baked beans.First though, the waitress brought me out sweet rolls, which were warm, squishy, and awesome. Pretty surprising, seeing as it was already closing time.Oh yeah, Yelp needs to change this page, it closes at 7 now, not 9 pm. I walked in there at 8 like the jackass I am. I awkwardly saw it was empty and asked if they were open, she said no, but they'd still serve me anyway since the other group was there and they were still waiting for people to pick up their to-go orders. Talk about service! (Calm down bleeding hearts, I left a good tip)The lady didn't even have an attitude about serving me. I know some places you walk in an hour before closing and they act like you just ended their world or something.The food was great. The brisket was tender, pretty lean, and the ribs were fall-off-the-bone juicyness! Pulled pork was also a winner-winner. I dug into this meal with such fervor that about 1/4 the way through it, the waitress apologized for not bringing me the BBQ sauces sooner. WHAT? Sauce? Sauce-smosh, this dead cow/pig is so good, I didn't even notice that I didn't have any, or needed it. I accepted it just to give the tasting-a-testing. The mild sauce is your typical BBQ sauce, and the hot one has a little spice to it, almost teriyaki like. I preferred the hot one.The beans were pretty good, I did mix alittle BBQ sauce in them to get that "BBQ backed bean" taste, they seemed more just baked beans. The sweet potato fries were delicious, it was interesting that they seasoned it with sugar, I've never had that before. I'm used to the olive and rosemary type seasoning for sweet potatoes, but this was a pleasant surprise.I couldn't skip on the cobbler, so I got a blackberry one to-go, and I wasn't trying to stay too long either.But enough of that posh-posh, the whole reason I gave this place a 5 star is cause on the way out, the teenage girl at the front counter told me "sweet dreams!" HAHA! YES!I said "....you too" and drove all the way home laughing so hard, tears were running down my face, that was the most ADORABLE thing I've ever heard in my entire life and it totally made my crappy day a +100.I expect a "sweet dreams" everytime I leave this place now! ;)
5	Not only the best BBQ in Vegas but some of the best I've had anywhere. Couldn't recommend this place more. Great food and friendly family owned service. Come with a group and get a family meal. Good price and good amount of food. And definitely leave room for some amazing warm black berry cobbler over vanilla ice cream. Definitely 5 stars recommended to everyone.
2	I have been here before and really enjoyed the food and atmosphere. I brought my wife here as it was her request for some good BBQ. We were seated really quick and drink orders placed. After a bit we decided what we wanted. I ordered the pulled pork and ribs and my wife ordered the pulled chicken. We had sides of mac and cheese and beans. Now this is no joke, within 3 minutes our food was brought to the table! I was blown away as how in the heck could this be fresh? One taste of the mac and cheese (ICE COLD!!) told me I was in trouble. I asked the waiter for HOT AND FRESH, and about 1 1/2 minutes later I got piping hot (microwaved) mac and cheese. Ok, If it ended there I would just say it was a small bump in the road. I tasted my pulled pork and it was barley piss warm with no smoke flavor and extremely bland. Now I'm pissed and DONE eating. The waiter sees that I'm not eating anything and comes over to see what's up and I tell him I'm not happy. I explain that the food isn't even close to what I've had from this place before. Long story short he brings the owner over. I explain to him I've been in the place 2 other times and the food brought me back this time. I also tell him that the fact that it came out so quick meant to me that it wasn't fresh and it was just sitting in holders. How the heck couldn't it be when I got cold mac and cheese and pulled pork out in less than 3 minutes from ordering? His explanation was the he smokes his meat all day and to come back and see for myself( into the kitchen). I politely refuse, and told him I wasn't satisfied and couldn't eat my meal. I did pay for my ticket before he came over and he stated that he would refund my money. The owner indeed did refund my credit card and did ask that we come back and try them again. What more could I ask for? Like I said, I have had good BBQ here before,but it really only takes that one time. There are so many amazing places to try, I probably wont be back. Check them out for yourselves if you want.
1	I am sooo bummed.  After the ROTD on 6/6/2013 I decided to swing by since it had been a while since I had been there.  This was on 6/9 by the way....the sign said it was CLOSED.  I think closed for good because I actually tried calling both locations to verifyand the phone numbers are no longer in service.  Sad to see another local business down.
4	This place was awesome! But it's closed now and that makes my heart hurt. Their brisket was top notch, wish I got a chance to go there more.
4	UPDATE: They closed! Polite staff, clean tables. I enjoyed my catfish. A great place to go to just shut up and eat.
5	About 8 months ago we went in to eat and had a nice conversation with the owning family as the place was pretty empty.  They admitted they were hurting for business and were looking for other avenues of revenue.  We suggested UNLV's free advertising space where they would basically take home all profit, as the free space is "free" to sell, all day every day.  We exchanged emails, I even went out of my way to meet with the VP for student affairs @ UNLV to ask her about this free space and whether it would be of assistance to BUZZ BBQ.  Needless to say, they never responded to our email after all we did and how desperately interested they were.  Simply put, this was another typical case whereby a good business with potential is run into the ground by none other than the owners.        They may have been great with the smoker but they definitely lacked effective marketing and advertising skills; that was their downfall.  They spread themselves too wide, with two large locations (both in poorly visibly locations) and didn't aggressively market or advertise their product to a wide enough range of clientele to support their operating costs..  I will deeply miss the smoky goodness of their BBQ; I can only hope someone else picks up where they left off.
5	Sad to see it close.
5	Lots of meat per serving. Flavor is amazing. Better than other BBQ places I've tried! Comparable to Lucille's and much closer to me. Get the 3 meat combo, comes with 2 sides and rolls, only $20! Fed my boyfriend and me, even brought home left over! Love this place.
2	I'm not sure how this place has gotten great reviews. I came here becauseSomeone told me how great it was. I ordered the 3 item combo (ribs, chicken, brisket) and all were pretty darn dry, especially the chicken. So I lathered everything up in sauce which I don't like doing if the BBQ is spot on. Maybe it's an "off" Saturday night dinner night
2	I hate to give bad reviews but it was slow inside yet still service took forever because the pick up n to-go orders didn't stop. Only one lady there, poor thing. We were there for 2 1/2 hours way too long. Pulled pork was yummy and brisket as well. Not a fan of ribs... Fatty, dry and tough. Hot BBQ sauce had 0 kick. Cold corn and definitely not my momma black eye peas and rice :(. Still in search of a great bbq spot in Vegas. Any ideas?
3	You have to eat here. The food is great.Don't let the negative Nelly's keep you away. This is real food made with a lot of care and attention. The staff however is not so good. Waited to long to be seated when there where plenty of open seats. There is a real difference between the front of the house and back. We order carryout and it works out great. Unfortunately they closed down recently.
