3	For most of the normal repairs and service on both my car and the wife's car, we go to Sears. I've been to the one on Sunset in Henderson, and the one on Grand Canyon. Today was my first visit to the one at Meadows Mall. My primary reason for picking this location is that it is open later on Sundays than the location on Grand Canyon, though that one is closer to my house.I am always used to waiting for car services, particularly on the weekend. Today was no exception, but it is one of the few times that the time frame I was given was accurate. I definitely appreciated that. This location was very busy, but they had a lot of mechanics working, which made things go much quicker than usual. The service was friendly and helpful, though this is the only Sears Auto Center in the valley where I've dealt with up selling. Maybe its the economy or the specific individual I was dealing with, I am not sure. As with anything with cars, my car needed a lot of work so it was pricey. However, I've found that Sears is always cheaper than the dealership, and usually competitive with other chains like Pep Boys and Midas. I like Sears because they have a hefty guarantee on their services which is better than any other I've encountered.The Grand Canyon location will continue to be my default location, but it is nice to know that this location is also quality.
1	I will never go to this place again. My vehicle had burnt rubber pieces on the back tires after they were (they never called me to say they had finished after two hours) done changing the oil. There was also paint marks on the tires and my brakes smelled burned. When confronted they denied being responsible for any of it. My friend drove in for a oil change the very same day. The services were paid for and when he checked his vehicle he found that the oil filter and oil were never changed. All that was done is a small clean of the engine where the oil normally goes in. They seem nice enough but beware.
1	If you want to feel like a number, get over charged and wait a very long time to do it then come here. If I didn't have free oil changes here, I'd never come.
3	This place is always busy and super slow and they always forget to call you as soon as your car is done. The only reason I come here is because we take our cars at work here since they have fleet accounts where they can save all of our info, making it a lot faster at check out. However, everything else leading up to payment is super slow here and their estimates are never correct. If they tell you 1 hour ETA, that means they'll probably get to it in an hour because I've come back and they said they hadn't even gotten to it yet!  I used to try stick around and hang at the mall while my car was being worked on here, but now I just drop it off and come back at the end of the day or the next day. I probably wouldn't take my personal car here even if I were coming to the mall anyways. The good things about Sears is that their pricing is pretty decent for services, and their employees are friendly. Their work is also reliable once they actually get to your car and I've never had a problem arise after work was completed. They also don't try to upsell you on services like other shops, but perhaps that's only because we have a fleet account and they know we're always bringing cars in here.
1	Every single time I go there I end up leaving in tears. I gave the first FOUR times a pass because I have a drive time service contract and I guess it gets tricky with having to have a contract number ready and OIL CHANGES ARE 4,000 miles not 3,000 miles like normal. So I own up to not calling in advanced to make sure I had everything ready. Those people already know who I am and know that I've had a hard time there several times but the last time I was assured that he would make sure that the oil change guy would write on the sticky exactly at 4,000 miles when I needed to come back so I wouldn't have to drive up there for nothing just like ALL of the other times. Did he do me that favor? NO! So Today Clayton helps me and tells me that they aren't allowed to write down every 4,000 only every 3,000 miles like a normal oil change. BASICALLY TELLING ME "YOU DO THE MATH!" He didn't say that but he should've. So now I'm stuck going home until I have another 600 miles. I've been there 5 times! Want to know what I've gotten those 5 times? One oil change that I paid for at 3,000 miles because I didn't want to leave empty handed and who really knows when drive time really changed the oil and one oil change that was needed for my service contract. 1,000 miles later. So basically I've been there 3 times and left with nothing! My gas and my time is really cheap WHY NOT?!!
2	Got in the express lane to get a defunct battery replaced, the next thing the truck is getting tested for alignments.  2hours  then an estimate for over $570 for a starter replacement, no thank you!
5	i spoked with JOE, very professional and knowledgeable i needed some tires and wheel alignment, but i also thought i needed a new battery because of starting issues, they checked and tested the battery and cleaned the top post because they had corrosion thank god they are honest i did not need a new battery, some other business said i needed a new battery. got my new tires and wheel alignment done like he promised .... thanks joe if anyone needs help ask for him..
1	Slllllowwww....waited over an hour at "Diehard express"... they need more help.   Everytime I go here same story....wait...wait and more wait. Terrible way to run a business.
