2	We took a friend's daughter here for an ice cream treat after dinner and it was not a great experience. First off, the store was not busy - no other customers were in the at the time.  Secondly, the person working behind the counter seemed surly and unhappy to see clients come in.  (Not sure if this person was the franchise owner or simply an employee but, he was a smart-aleck when answering questions and lacked basic customer-service skills.)  And to make matters worse, the store was sold out of the some of the advertised items, so their selection was not great.  Personally, I am not a fan of cryogenically frozen ice cream anyway, but because the service was so bad here,  even if I were a fan, I would not go back to this shop.
5	Foodies, you're going to kill me for giving DD's a 5 star review.  Let me explain. These 5 stars aren't for the product. Dippin Dots.  Yes, it's the space-alien like artificial colored and flavored ice cream dots you find at the mall kiosks, or at an Orlando theme park.  Everybody knows this.  This location though, makes eating those little icy balls of faux ice cream/sherbet kinda fun. The store is super clean, and the owner is friendly, telling me how he stays busy during the warm/hot months, and how business slows down.  The store is cheery, and very family friendly, offering up bizarre DD ice cream cakes, and DD shakes.  They even sell bags of some brand of popcorn. This being said, if you know what you're getting into...an artificial, slightly waxy tasting frozen product...then yeah, this place is 5 stars. This place does that just right.
3	Oh, Dippin' Dots....How the 90's hath come and gone. Everyone remembers the days of walking through the mall, seeing your odd kiosk, and finding themselves dumbfounded by the tiny, perfectly orbish balls of ice cream. Now, in present day, I can enjoy your crazy treat in the comforts of Ballantyne! We've passed by this location many times and finally decided to stop in on a blazing weekday afternoon. It's a small shop with plenty of flavors. Little did I know that Dippin' Dots has branched out and started selling more than just chocolate and vanilla. Nay! There is banana split, flavors with chocolate bars, fruit flavors and a ton of others. I was astonished. It's a bit of a slow shop. One guy behind the counter (he has a rad, white beard, too) and friendly once you start chatting. There is also a Ballantyne Popcorn section in this shop. Kind of odd, but they appear to have a ton of popcorn for sale, too. Dippin' Dots and Artisan Popcorn? Maybe it's the new peanut butter & jelly. Little did we know, folks....Thanks for keeping us cool, Dippin' Dots!
1	Closed at 2 pm on 85 degree day?? This place is not run well at all, will never go back!!!!!
