4	So it was a "soft opening" kind of day and we were a little hungry at 2:30 pm, and we've been waiting for this restaurant to open. We don't really have a nearby breakfast/lunch neighborhood place other than The Good Egg (which is old and tired), so we were pretty excited to see what Summit Diner has to offer.The restaurant is darling, very modern, decorated in greens and blues, with some regular tables, a bar with two plasma TV, and some comfy booths.  They also have some patio seating which will be especially nice in the cooler months ahead. There were a lot of employees abuzz when we arrived. We had a delightful server who wanted to much to please us.  She did! The food is okay.  I could have given it a 3 star . . . my husband had a turkey Ruben. It could have had a little more turkey, cheese and kraut between the two pieces of thickly sliced bread. I had the chicken, bacon and cheese wrap (on a plain tortilla, though they have tomato basil tortillas as well). My wrap could have had a little more oomph to it as well. I like my wraps nice and full round. This one came out kind of flat. The flavor was not bad, but it just needs something . . . a special sauce to dazzle it up . . . nothing too fancy. Both sandwiches came with a side. We chose the fries, which were actually nicely thin, crispy and hot!  The menu has a bit of everything and they say they will serve breakfast all day . . . a big plus!!!!So if the food was just okay, then why did I give Summit Diner a four-star review? Well, it is an ambitious undertaking in replacing the old Kashman's that was formerly in that spot, and I think they have the right idea in providing basic "diner" food at very reasonable prices. You can't really tell based on a soft opening what's really in store for this desperately needed type of restaurant in the way North Scottsdale area. I think it is definitely worth giving them a try . . .
1	Sadly, I am breaking one of the cardinal rules that I set for myself when I started Yelping. I espoused only saying good things about good places with the marketplace taking care of the bad placesMy wife and I had errands to run and took the very scenic drive north on Scottsdale Rd toward Carefree/Cave Creek. We stopped at The Plummit in the hopes that it would be a good new place. It has been around for just a bit as evidenced by the notice of application for alcohol beverage license.  Anyhoo... We looked at the menu when we walked into the front door, saw 7 empty tables, and asked the young girl (aka greeter) for a table. We were told there would be a 15 minute wait. I chuckled as I looked at the empty tables, and mentioned to the greeter that it appeared that there was some availability... I wasn't rude, I just asked!  What I heard was the sound of.....crickets.  Nothing..just...the wait will be 15 minutes!  The menu appeared to be good basic food...which is just peachy. However, if the level of customer service in the back end is the same as the face of the restaurant (the greeter) in the front end, I doubt that I will be Yelping the food.  I really hope that this was just a glitch....but I likely won't return because the level of competition is high and customer service is as high on my wish list as most anything else...  If you go, I hope that your experience is better than ours.and that you can be seated in a room with ample empty tables!  Dr. B.
2	This is already a place where the staff knows names of people coming in for a hot breakfast - I observed it this morning.  Demographics are mostly middle aged to retired folks, with the latter having a good time exchanging quips with their server.Sizable outdoor seating exists here as well as good room inside with rather modern decor, including a curved bar for solo patrons looking for a quick breakfast.  Background music was on the quiet side.I enjoyed my 2 egg breakfast with hash browns & English muffin.  Pancakes were just alright though.  On the menu the omelettes sounded good, as well as some of the vegan options made with tofu and assorted veggies.  Breakfast served all day so I know I'll take advantage of that.Update:  Service has gone downhill on recent visits.  Attitude issues from server for no good reason.
1	Very disappointed.  Arrived mid afternoon ... no wait.  Like the renovated decor ... like the fact they have booths.  We definitely want them to succeed but based on the quality of food, doubt they'll be open in another month.    My husband and I looked over their extensive menu and selected chicken tenders, fries and fish sandwich.  Unfortunately, they didn't have what I was yearning for ... onion rings.  The chicken tenders looked as though they were originally frozen as were the fries.  Not much flavor for either.  The fish sandwich was tasteless and "watery" .... obviously had been frozen as well.  The chicken noodle soup was hardly warm ... vegetables hard and coleslaw swimming in mayonnaise.  Husband commented he "got much better chow in the Marine Corps ... 50 years ago".    Our server was good but there didn't appear to be any manager on site ... only the greeter and an ample wait staff.  We won't be back anytime soon, it was one of the worst meals we've had.
2	Went on a soft opening dinner.....Fettucine was awesome,a little confused on sides for pasta..french fries or mashed potatos,It was really good so we went back 3 days later...Yikes,had the fettucine and it was bland like out of a jar,not sure how it could be so different,thought maybe a different chef so I asked....same chef.It was absolutely horrible,and my husbands spaghetti was so salty he could not finish it.Wont go back.just not willing to waste money while they try to figure it out.
1	I was hopeful that this place near our home would be great. Instead it was HORRIBLE! Didn't even get our food cause the service was so bad. Never going back. Sad :(
4	Went there on a Sunday evening figuring if the service was like other yelpers described then I'd have a conversation with the manager. Thankfully our experience was a good one. Our waitress was friendly and attentive.  There was a help wanted sign in the window so maybe the bad ones people complained about were let go. Food was decent  - pretty much as expected from a diner. We'll go back, most likely for breakfast (which they serve all day).
5	We've eaten at the Summit Diner about 6 times during December 2012 and January 2013, and have been very happy each time.  Love that they serve breakfast all day.  We have had mostly breakfast dishes -  omelettes, scrambles & skillet dishes - and have loved all of them.  My husband had the meatloaf once, and it was just OK.  Their service is always friendly & attentive.  The decor is fresh and pleasing to the eye.   Prices are reasonable.   For those reviewers who went there during their opening days, I'd suggest giving it another try.  Unless something changes, we will be dining at the Summit on a regular basis!
1	We brought our family along with 5 of their friends here for breakfast.  The greeters weren't very good at trying to coordinate seating so we ended up sitting separately from our kids.  The kids promptly put in their order and received their food.  The kids weren't happy with the quality and some barely touched their breakfast.  We waited, and waited, and the kids were done eating for 10 minutes and we still hadn't received our breakfast.  We had only received water, and had not been offered other types of drinks.  We left money for our drinks and proceeded to leave as they decided to bring our food 35 minutes later.  I'll never return, which is sad because we frequent local breakfast places.
4	Pretty good  breakfast food - liked the meat lovers scramble. Not too greasy for what it was.
5	Had breakfast here today and it was excellent! The server was fast,  & friendly. Food was hot, fresh and tasty. Will come back again and try the other menu items.
1	Been there for breakfast twice before and thought it was awful - food, service, atmosphere - but decided to give it a 3rd chance. It's really difficult to screw up breakfast so I figured they'd get it right sometime. Well, my hollandaise sauce was ORANGE, the orange juice was YELLOW and service was ... wait, what service?? It was non-existent. Never. Ever. Again.
3	The Summit Diner is a pretty good breakfast and lunch place in the North Scottsdale/Cave Creek area. They really have no specialties, but the menu is solid and has everything you'd expect from an alright diner: pancakes, eggs, burgers, sandwiches, etc. The breakfast burrito is the one thing that really stands out. It's enormous, really well put together, and at $7.99 it's the best thing you can get for your money. They have about six different beers on tap and a full bar, which is nice.
1	I did not like this restaurant at all.  Went for lunch, bill for 2 basic hamburgers, fries and drinks was over $30.  Quality was terrible.  Seemed like frozen hamburger fried in a skillet, fries were just basic.  Service was ok.  Not many people in the place and now I know why.  I would not recommend this place to anyone.
4	Summit Diner has a great menu, and low priced specials all the time.  The food is reasonably priced, considering the quality. I also like the fact that breakfast menu items are available anytime. This business is fairly new, and has improved its service levels significantly, including a full bar, great outdoor seating and staff enhancements, since opening.  I would never submit a negative review unless I knew management's position first.  From my observation, the owner/mgt cares very much about customer satisfaction, and values customer opinion.  They have responded with an extremely generous frequent customer reward certificate program!  Overall, making Summit Diner a routine dining choice, has been a convenient, prudent and positive experience for me.
4	Stopped into this restaurant the other day for late breakfast around 11:00.  Not too busy and we had attentive service.  Nice new modern design and comfortable booths.  It's a convenient area for us so nice to see new dining choices.  I had blueberry pancakes, which were excellent fluffy and very tasty.  Husband had a veggie scramble that looked and tasted great. We will return.
4	I've been for lunch a few times and the service and food has been good.  I will continue to go.
2	We were driving around the summit and saw the diner. Thought we would give it a try. When we walked in, no one smiled and said welcome or anything. We sat at the bar. The server came up, didn't introduce herself, and just said " what do you want to drink", that was it.We ordered food, which was good, a little pricey and the presentation was lacking. It looked like the food was just thrown on the plate. I will give it a second try to check out their breakfast, but if the service and presentation stay the same, we will probably not come back. I hope the place heeds some advice from its customers. It's nice to have something local at the summit.
5	I have only eaten there once but it was great. It felt very comfortable. Neat and clean. My doctor's nurse recommended them. Not stuffy. The menu looked like "comfort food" but not typical greasy diner fare. The service was fantastic. I had the Reuben with cole slaw. Both were wonderful. Even the cole slaw was so good I could have eaten a bowl of it! Their food is obviously homemade. I will definitely try them again even though they are not on my way home.
1	Worst meal here EVER! 3 of the 4 entrees were wrong. Daughter ordered crepes without sauce, they had sauce. Husband ordered meatloaf and was told it had gravy. Came out dry and with no gravy. Ordered salad w no cucumbers. It had cucumbers. I ordered a burger medium, with no pickles. Inedible well done with pickles. I can't stand pickles & the juice was all over the food. Waitress said the owner was in kitchen and she'd send him out. Never bothered to come by. 2 of us didn't eat anything & we still had a $30 bill. We've frequented the diner 7-8 times before tonight. We won't be back after this.
3	Breakfast is very good especially the Skillets and since they put misters outside on the patio breakfast outside is superb.
4	I'm surprised by some of the negative reviews for this place because my experience has been just the opposite.I've eaten here three times in the last month. The greeter was always friendly, brought us to our table, chatted a bit and on two of the visits when they were very busy asked for our drink order.The wait staff was attentive, answered questions and were quick on the refills.I've had breakfast once and lunch twice. The breakfast is standard fare, no better or no worse than you'll find in most places.  That's not a negative - you can only do so much with 2 eggs over easy.  For lunch I've had the Rueben and a turkey sandwich. Both were very good.
5	Really good food!...  I first went there because I got a coupon in the mail, so I had to check it out.  I did notice negative service reviews on Yelp, so I purposely waited for bad service??...  and waited???  The SERVICE WAS GREAT.  The waitress smiled, was knowledgeable, and was attentive to our dining needs.Nice mix of food, as well as a great bar for beer service.  They also serve Vienna Beef Hot Dogs which were made "Chicago Style"... Nice touch!
5	The food is really good . I'm surprised with how many negative reviews this place has. I been here multiple times and I have always had a great experience . Staff is very friendly and you have a lot to choose from . Very affordable too. I will be coming back soon !
2	Was at Target and then had an appointment, so with time to kill, thought I'd treat myself to lunch.Nice place.  Bright, clean, well-decorated.Service through-out was very good, if not warm and fuzzy.  Although I seated myself, I had a menu within moments, ice tea came promptly and was kept filled.  Server checked in twice to see if there was anything else I needed.  If there was a service problem before, it's been rectified.Food: I ordered a chicken gyro and upped to onion rings for 99 cents.  Maybe a bad choice---I can't help but compare what I had at the Summit with the gyros from Greek Pita at Happy Valley.  All I could think was GFS (that's Gordon Food Service)  The chicken was plentiful on the nicely grilled pita, but there was nothing Greek about it.  It tasted like an anonymous herbed chicken breast that comes in a 10 lb bag.  It was okay.  It's probably the same anonymous chicken breast they use for a couple of dishes.  About a tablespoon of small dice tomatoes and two (I counted) slivers of red onion.  The tzatziki came in one of those little lidded plastic cups and if it had any flavor, I could not discern it.  The onion rings were definitely out of a GFS or Costco freezer.  But they were crisply fried and not greasy.  But for flavor and satisfaction, I'd give it a two.  Quantity of food: a 5.If the level of food had matched the service and cute decor, this place would have been a winner and on my list.  But as it is...  Waaay over priced at $9.99 for the gyro and then the upcharge for the onion rings.  (Lunch for one person was fifteen bucks and some change)  But for that kind of lunch money, I want food that's been prepared for me, not defrosted.  Like I said, I am a fan of Greek Pita and you can't compare what you get from GP for 5.95 to the Summit gyro.However, maybe I ordered the wrong thing.  Maybe ordering Greek at a Scottsdale "diner" is akin to ordering Italian at Applebees.  You deserve what you get.  I might try it again, if its the right time and place---maybe another menu item would be better.  I'll let you all know....
4	I will give the Summit Diner a 4 star. I really think 3 1/2 would be more appropriate. It was the first time we visited the place and since its like 6 minutes from where we live it was time to try it for breakfast. Good reception, friendly. The interior is busy. Way too busy, too many signs and different nooks.2 tv's on sport channels.  Maybe it's more suitable for night dining but in the morning it makes you somewhat hyper. But all customers were almost same age (60's)The menu seems to be extensive and I do not know if that is a good thing. We decided to go with a simple and comfortable eggs and meat breakfast. We thought if that was good it would be a start. Believe me there are places who cannot deliver decent eggs and bacon. Coffee: very weak. No special coffees to get. Just what they have on tap. We are used to Nespresso, so even before we leave the house for breakfast we have a good coffee. Two scrambled eggs (looked more than 2 eggs)with bacon (plenty) and a lot of pretty good hash browns, no toast. Two eggs over easy with 3 sausage links and hash browns, toast. It was honest fare. Nothing special but well served and the waitress and waiter came to check on us a few times. Why 4 stars: location is convenient, food was ok. Service was good. People are nice.
5	Delicious cuisine. Recently went there with my family and I had a burger, which was one of the best ones I've had in a while! Love the atmosphere the diner gives off. Service was amazing, very friendly servers!  My family goes out very frequently, and I must say that this restaurant will be one of our favorite places to go and eat! You'll definitely see me there again!
1	Terrible. I gave this place a second chance and was once again disappointed with my $17 omelet ! More feta than omelet, turkey sausage was fried hard and uneatable. Server never asked "How's everything ? Is there anything else I can get for you ?" Leaving most of my "breakfast" on the plate, I left $20 bucks lighter and once again disappointed. Should have gone to Good Egg but try to support independents. How does this place remain in business ?
1	...................................
1	Food was mediocre and very over priced. Worse of all, there was no friendly diner atmosphere. Customers, staff and owners ignored my husband and I, even when we told them we were new to the area. We will never go back..
2	I wanted to like this place because it's so close to my house, but the food was so disappointing. I ordered breakfast - the eggs we're dry, the bacon was fatty and undercooked (I asked for crispy). My husbands meal wasn't anything special either... Too bad.
5	This is a great place for any meal!   Delicious food, plenty of it, all for a good price.   Don't miss eating here!   My wife and I eat here often.
5	I loved it.  The food was really good and the two servers that were there handled everything very well.  I will return to try another menu item.
4	This is the first time I've been here in a long time.   Previous experiences have been quite bad and I saw no reason to return   Comments on yelp corroborated my position.  My wife came here recently and had a very positive experience,  so decided to try it again. Tonight was different.   Norma was our server.  She was both quite pleasant and efficient.  This was a great surprise based on previous times. Food was very good and portions were good.  Prices are somewhat high, however. While  on the not on the top of our favorite local restaurants, we definitely will be back.
2	I was here last week and the place was empty except for Amy playing on her smartphone. When my GF and i came in she said "Can i help you?" Like we were lost and looking for directions. Then Samy asked us where we would like to sit. We just came in to have a piece if cake and cappuccino which was excellent but $10 for a piece of cake and $5 for small Cappuccino is hardly inexpensive. This place seems more deli than 5 star priced establishment. Samy was bashing Pita Jungle not sure why, we live it there. He said that his place was better and everything made from scratch and their food is excellent. Good cake but at $10 value is just not there.Thanks
1	This place has the WORST customer service!!! They would not even do a Mickey Mouse pancake for my 5 year old! I've been here several times and it's always the same horrible experience! We are NEVER coming back!
5	Breakfast is very well done. Interesting decor and impeccably clean. Crepes are huge and any of the skillet combos are excellent. Great service, too. Lots of parking.
5	Great service and great food.Breakfast was  very well done and   good  portion  too.  Hashbrowns was cooked right at perfection, with crispy bacon.Very clean place.Happy to go back.
5	Returned and the service is still excellent. The apple pancakes are enormous and very good. The sausage links with my breakfast were very tasty. So was the biscuit but the gravy needed a dash more salt and a pinch if black pepper. Home fries are very well done and taste great.Will be back.
1	Won't.  Go.  Back.To call the service "lackluster" would be a compliment.  Sheila, my waitress, behaved like it was an imposition to wait on me.  There was no courtesy, no thank you's, no.. warm and fuzzy.  If I didn't ask for a refill, she wasn't offering it.  Didn't ask how my meal was; just didn't do anything that a server should.Many of the tables hadn't been cleaned when I came in, yet the restaurant wasn't busy and the waitstaff didn't seem to be under pressure.I ordered a gyro and cole slaw.  I'm positive that they peeled open a gyro package from Sysco and tossed it in the microwave.  It clearly wasn't cut from a spit and it tasted worse than any gyro I've had before.  It was garnished with some diced tomatoes (probably from a can too) and that's it.  The tzatziki and the pita were the only things that tasted good.I wouldn't forgive the horrible food or horrible service anyway, but the price sealed their fate .  I could have had a better gyro from a fast food joint and paid half as much.  Instead I was overcharged and underwhelmed.
4	Gyros are awesome!  Owner is Greek American!!!  Not a fan of the waitress Nancy though- she is straight out of Ed Debevics. Insulted me for ordering a reubin and a pancake on the side.  Ask to NOT sit in her section.  Seriously, she's THAT bad.  A good indication of this is, when you ask her her name, she never gives you an honest answer.  She literally lies to your face so you won't complain to management about her.  I'm surprised she's still there!Good wait staff and highly recommended is Greg.  He's very attentive, kind and quick on his feet!  Just look for the big burly muscular Dude- that's Greg.
4	First time here..wasn't really expecting too much..because of the "Diner" name. BUT was really surprised had the Angus burger it was very good, my wife had the cheese ham sandwich which was also good, service was top notch,prices reasonable, looks like a great place for breakfast so will be returning for that.
5	Another great breakfast with my wife. Fast service and friendly staff. Judging by the almost full house, others agree. Wife loved the crepes while my more traditional eggs and sausage hit my spot (or area if I keep it up).
2	Longest wait for basic food.  Really nothing special.  Had the egg salad sandwich which had more lettuce than anything else.
5	I love this place. Super clean. I have been here for breakfast with my husband or for lunch with co workers and I just love this place. No matter what you get their portion sizes are huge and service is always excellent.
5	Great service & food! Enjoyed the veggie eggs Benedict and a Bloody Mary. Very fast & friendly service...
