2	Okay so Panda Express sucks more than this place, if that gives you any idea of the quality and taste.
4	on the outside, this place look like all the other mom and pop Chinese food joint. "China this.".. "Dragon that " type of restaurant. I wasn't particularly interested going in except  friends I was with had been there before, they couldn't stop praising how good this place was. (besides they are buying, so I didn't have much to say) Once inside, The decor is much better than the typical mom and pop, not elegant, but better than the average Chinese joint. Look clean.Personally I don't the the Americanized version of Chinese food. I much rather have Hong Kong style Chinese food. I find their food is Americanized yet retain authentic Chinese food flavor - surprise me. For that reason, I give them a four star. Other than that, this place is pretty much like all the other mom and pop joint.Over all, I think it is good food, good value.
2	Four stars for clean, three stars for the wall relief or sculpture or whatever, two stars for the food.  And food is what I went there for.Scratch this one off my list.
5	I love chinese food and I think this place is one of the best! Great food, great atmosphere, great service. Everything from the appetizers and soup, to the meals are wonderful! I don't think the place is too pricy either. Really, I think this place is amazing and if you're craving chinese food and are in the area, you should definitely eat here.
4	I've only had a couple of dishes here carry out & liked them.  It's not a restaurant that I return to frequently, but I do like the food that I've had there.  I've had one of their tofu dishes & something else (can't remember).
2	Food is just average, and the decor is exactly what you'd expect in a strip mall Chinese joint. If you are going to eat here, be sure to order take out, cause the staff is very rude and seems like you are bothering them every time you ask them a question.
5	Quality stuff. This is not your americanized chinese food, and the previous reviews reflect that. This is real chinese food and the staff is not rude, its just that they dont know much english. My party of 3 went here last night and we had the chefs family dinner for 3.That was a TON of great food for $10.95 each! It was awesome. They have wor wonton soup, which i have never had before and was better than just wonton soup with all the veggies. I do kinda want more meat in it though.The sweet and sour chicken was great, mongolian beef was spicy, and the fried rice was excellent.A great deal for some real chinese.
5	Very affordable lunch menu. Most choices less than $5.
5	We have been eating here for years. I am as picky of a new yorker as they get (with food). I will say we do not eat there Monday or Tuesday's, The cook must be different, its not as good on those days. The rest of the week is 5 stars all the way.Great sesame chicken,fried rice, lo mien etc. Highly suggest.
2	We just ordered out for hot & sour soup, and it was great. One of the best we've had here in Phoenix. Ordered again...not better, but worse
2	Chinese food the way Mom used to make it; right out of a TV dinner tray. OK not that bad. Merely nondescript, bland, tasteless. Unless you get the ribs on a hot summer night and they're rancid. The runny lobster sauce on the four tiny shrimp ain't  much better.  I came here a few times with the "Mayor" of Sun City Festival . Is he getting free meals for bringing people in?  Aside from awful food, the people who work in this place are rude to the point of belligerence and act as if they could care less if you ever come again.
4	We are very happy with Nan Jing.  their combinations are very filling, delicious and modestly priced.  A couple can each have a combination meal including an entre, soup, deep fried pork, white or brown rice and a spring roll for under $20.00We order take-out from them every 2 weeks on average and will continue to do so.xie xie
5	Wow we are here to review food people.... get a life.  The food here is amazing! i'll never eat another chinese again!
3	Inexpensive for the early bird special.  $5.55 for the combination plates that include egg roll, soup, rice, and your selection.  If the food only had more seasoning or flavor?  It was very bland and flavorless.  I usually do not use soy sauce, but needed to use it to add something to my dish.  Neat features: Koi pond inside with a bridge over it.
3	There is nothing great or nothing bad about this place.  So, I have to say that I am very  disappointed  that it wasn't spectacular!  I was really hoping that I would finally find a Chinese restaurant not too far from home that I would fall in love with.  I ordered the Mongolian beef combination plate.  It comes with rice, egg roll, soup and sweet and sour pork.  The beef was fine.  The rice was a little on the dry side.  The portions were fine, you won't leave hungry.  My dish cost about $8.  The service was good.I really hope I find a Chinese restaurant that I love soon on the west side.
3	I order from them once a month when visiting. I usually get the vegetarian options and ask for no MSG. Our family likes the fried rice, seafood soup and wonton soup. We usually always order out and pick up. It's close, inexpensive and tasty.
2	We've ordered from Nan Jing many times, my grandmother loves it. It's a little too bland for my taste. Nothing bad to say...just nothing Simi exciting to add about the food either.
3	Had a hankering for szechwan food, and this was the closest to that we could find near El Mirage.  The food was ok, but nothing special...kind of bland and boring, but not bad.
1	Egg foo yong portion was very small, tasteless and rice was dried out and old. They even only gave one fortune cookie!
1	Just tried to eat an order I picked up fom Nan Jing.  I can unequivocally state that this was the worst Asian food I have ever tried to eat.  If I had not been famished, I would have thrown this gruel away and gone to Jacks.  All because I was too lazy to drive the 2 additional miles to Saigon Kitchen.  I will not set foot or tongue in this place again and you shouldn't either.
1	I picked up a carry out order last night as my first visit to this restaurant. The meal was a  combo menu item of Szechuan shrimp and chicken. I got home and discovered that the meal must have been taken from a steam-table like in a buffet. The food was tired looking, the vegetables over cooked and mostly colorless. The shrimp were over cooked and gray in color. There was a runny liquid which was supposed to be the sauce. The chicken was breaded. The breading was greasy. The spring roll or whatever it was, was way over cooked and greasy. There are lots of Chinese restaurants, I would look elsewhere the next time I get the urge.
1	the veggies were from a can or something, nothing fresh about this place. will not be back.
2	My husband and I used to go here often when we lived in Surprise. It was good food for a decent price. I havent been here in a few years but i was craving the Hot and Sour soup so we decided to pick up an order to go. This place has really gone downhill. They have skimped on the food and the quality is poor. The sop used to have nice chunk of tofu, shrimp and beef - well not anymore. All it is is fatty beef broth with barely anything inside it. We also order the Mongolian Beef and found that there was barely any beef and lots of green onions. I will not go back to this place, unfortunately they have lost our business.
2	Flavorless...... Kung Pao Chicken is suppose to be spicy right? Well not here... and where's the chicken... had more peanuts than chicken. Egg roll tasted as if it had been in freezer forever. Soda was flat,rice was dry. Would not be so bad, but i was one of maybe two other customers.......Sad really.Gave two stars because my waitress was very nice.
