5	My whole family has been going here for years. Great service and Dr Loveland is awesome. We live in Rhodes so it's convenient. But we'd drive farther for it.
5	This is very professional, attentive, and caring Dental Office.  By far the best dentist experience I have had too date.  My wife and I have been patients for years.  I would recommend their services to anyone.
1	Horrible experience! Went in for a cleaning/xray knowing this would be a deeper cleaning since I've had a pregnancy and it has been 2 years since I've been in. Showed up on time. They didn't take me in for X-ray for over 20 min after appt. Then after X-ray they say they can't do my cleaning today ? Really?Then the consult lady Jenny comes in and says, oh because you were late? Um NO I wasn't late you were!!! I was here at 8:35 and my paperwork done by 8:40 my appt time Then they want  me to book two more appointments $150 on top of my insurance to do this special cleaning? Who has this kind of time?Excuse me? I am a busy working mother and at this point have been in your office two hours to accomplish Nothing!'My husbands experience with themWasn't much better  in the past but he has perfect teeth so there's not much they can say. His teeth bleaching was so painful before our wedding, May two years ago that he had to leave. They didn't offer a partial refund or anything... Didn't care at all.Clearly, they are more interested in Making money than care! Sorry, my time is just as valuable! Guess I'll just have to do some more digging to find a good office. This is a classic example of why people hate dentist offices!!!!
1	Staff is really nice and professional.  Dentist a little weird and difficult to communicate with.  Discussing my teeth and he kept twisting what I was trying to tell him around of which was not what I was saying.  Very frustrated trying to get an appointment.  Then I found out I had to come twice for teeth cleaning?  I've never had to make 2 appointments for teeth cleaning with any other dentist.  Everything should be handled in one visit (unless it's something that came up that they can't handle).I also wasn't happy that they wanted to fluoridate my teeth.  I think by now everyone knows fluoride is not good for you...  Based on an article by Harvard School of Health, a study on fluoride "found strong indications that fluoride may adversely affect cognitive development in children" "Fluoride seems to fit in with lead, mercury, and other poisons that cause chemical brain drain," Grandjean says. "The effect of each toxicant may seem small, but the combined damage on a population scale can be serious, especially because the brain power of the next generation is crucial to all of us."Not very convenient.  Not impressed.  Will seek another dentist elsewhere.
