4	After passing this place many times with my phenomenally filthy car I finally stopped in today after I saw on Foursquare that a friend had just taken his car.  I pulled up to the attendant's station and looked over my options.  A friendly guy came out, asked me if it was my first visit, and explained how things worked.  The basic wash is $3 and the "deluxe" is $10.  He also explained I could buy a monthly pass for any of the four wash types and get unlimited washes.  I told him I'd heard about that and would make a decision after my first wash.  He gave me a wet microfiber cloth to wipe down the interior of my car, gave me my choice of air fresheners (cherry, vanilla, baby powder, and new car), and my receipt - which he explained I could bring in within the next three days for a free wash if I had reason to be unsatisfied or if my car got dirty again... no questions asked!  He then directed me where to go.The wash took all of three minutes.  It was a standard touch-free car wash with super-strong air dryers at the end.  Once I was done, I pulled around to the vacuum station.  After I emptied my car of entirely too much trash, I started vacuuming the floors.  The vacuum at the station I pulled up to had terrible suction, so I moved to the next one over, which worked perfectly.  It was at that point I noticed two things: 1) the wash hadn't completely cleaned my car of the bird crap on the windshield or the bug guts on the front bumper, and 2) I hadn't been told about the bug treatment station which would have pre-treated my car for said bug guts just before pulling into the wash tunnel.  Good to note for next time.  Thanks to a properly functioning vacuum (which reached easily around the car to the passenger side doors), I got the interior clean in no time.  After wiping down the dash and console, the rag I was given was pretty dingy, but thanks to the handy sinks at each vacuum station, I was able to rinse it off and continue cleaning up.All-said, it was $10 well-spent.  Upon a friend's suggestion, I'm going to take the car to be properly detailed and get one of the middle monthly packages at CleanFreak to take care of the regular washes.  I'll definitely be a return customer!
4	Simply put, this place rocks. CleanFreak has a TON of vacuums, a debugging station, and a fast, very efficient car wash. Best of all, for a mere $17 you can have UNLIMITED car washes. If you have windows, you have probably noticed that it is monsoon season, and monsoons hate clean cars as much as terrorists hate freedom. While I cannot explain why we call monsoons 'haboobs' I can tell you CleanFreak is a great place to wash your car.CleanFreak has some perks I have never seen at other self car washes. For starters, the employees are outstanding. Somehow they are smiling and seem happy- even in the hot summer heat. They great you and explain how things work, and you get an armor all towel, to clean your interior. As you pull around and queue up for a wash, you are then given your choice of air freshener! Where else does that happen at this price?I highly recommend checking out the unlimited wash VIP fast pass. There is actually a separate line for people with the fast pass, and how it works is a bar-code sticker is placed on your windshield, and you pull up to the fast pass line, and it scans your pass- and you're in- just like that. This saves time, and waiting in line, which is good stuff.The one thing CleanFreak can do a bit better, is communicating how things are supposed to go. On my second visit, I was getting ready to start through the wash, and I asked an employee for an air freshener. He asked me where my receipt was, and I didn't know what he meant. I asked him what receipt and he told me that if you have a Fastpass, you need to bring the recipt that the machine spits out. I had no idea about that, and explained that to him, and he was cool I think it would save some headaches to either have some more signage, or give people a flyer with an overview of what/how to do things. Otherwise, CleanFreak will take care of you, and for the price of one wash somewhere else, you will have a month of unlimited washes.Bring it on monsoons!
3	If you don't mind a little DIY car wash action, this is the place to go. They have a zillion vacuums, a vending machine with any cleaning product you can imagine, and it's cheap. I had to bring it down to 3 stars only because I signed up for $12/monthly unlimited washes (how cool is that?) and they raised the price to $16 a few months later with no warning or explanation. I had no idea until I saw my credit card statement.
5	This place is great.  You can run through the automatic car wash for just a few bucks and get the outside nice and clean, but the real gem is the do it yourself area.  They have these great air guns that you can use to dry your car or also blow the crumbs from the little cracks in your car.  I am in love with this feature... The Clean Freak on 44th and Thomas does not have this feature, but this location does and it worth the drive.  I usually spend about $4 to have an outside wash and then use the free cleaning cloth, vacuums, and airgun to finish up the interior.  They also have monthly memberships you can buy, but with a busy family I don't have time to go enough to make that worth the money.
5	Since it's the middle of the month I payed only $4 for this month for the unlimited car wash package. With all the stuff you get like Scented Soaps, Soft Foam Scrubs, Spot Free Rinse, Rim & Tire Scrub, Clear Coat Protection, Triple Foam Polish, Undercarriage Power Wash, Turtle Ice Wax/ Paint Protectant, Rime & Tire Cleaner, Choice of Air Freshner, Tire Shine for $20 it's well worth it.
5	I love this place. You can get in and out with ease and quickness. There  are a lot of vacuums stations and the place is clean. You can pay monthly and get unlimited car washes. I go every week and sometime more (cuz I can). Getting the unlimited car wash is the best deal. I am so glad I found this place!!!
5	My new car's date place.  Did the $8 freaky clean wash for the Volvo as it looked like it been through sub saharan Africa.  Abracadrabah, and the little black tank looks like a freaky clean black little tank machine.  Also free vacuum is included.
4	A great value for a clean car; this is a no frills place.There's no  line of people waiting to clean, wax, and polish your car; as such, no one trying to up sell you a new wind shield or $100 detailing service. The employees simply ask what you would like and send you on through the wash. **Note, if you have an older vehicle with a metal antenna, be sure to detach it before entering the wash.**I used to get the $2 wash until I decided to step up to the $5 wash last week. I was plesantly surprised when I saw my wheels were clean when I bent down to wipe them off - this you don't get with the $2 wash. They have free vacuum stations for all their customers. If your willing to spend a few extra min doing the vacuuming and wiping down your dash yourself, you get just as good of a wash or better than the full service car washes that you spend $20 on.Theres usually no (or a very short) line of people waiting to wash their car. In general, you're in and out within 15 - 20 minutes.
4	nice fast place to clean the car
5	I LOVE this car wash.  I don't particularly care for the customers here and that somehow this carwash is the new children's museum but as far as the establishment...they have thought of everything.  A wet towel, good machines, free air and vacuum.  I've never had trouble finding a spot under the canopy either.  Who can complain about a $3.00 car wash?
4	Clean, bright, modern and close to home. The prices are a good value. I usually just get the cheap $3 wash, a)because my car is not the nicest and b) because it always seems to rain the day after I wash my car anyway. I do like that there are free vacuums that you can use for your interior, so you drive away cleaner, inside and out!
3	Great promotion going on right now--ask one of the ever-helpful attendants about how to get washes for the rest of April for the price of ONE SINGLE WASH!!!Not too terribly impressed with the quality of the car wash when my car is SUPER dirty (like it was after Monday's rain and windstorms...my car was a mudball on Tuesday).  Sections of the car didn't actually get the dirt washed off (windows, top of the trunk, etc.).  However, for a regular wash, I think it will be fine.When it's really busy, the Camelback location isn't very easy to navigate; the corner lot becomes a traffic jam.However: I can't be too tough on them for the simple reason that I'm getting car washes for the rest of the month for a grand total of $8.  Seriously.Love the individual packets of Armor-All, window cleaner, and more that you can get for a buck.  It's fun to DIY clean the inside while you're going through the wash.  Rainbow soap is pretty!
3	Struggling with the fact that my windows NEVER get clean 100%.
4	This is my new go-to car wash. It's easily accessible on Camelback Rd. and it's usually not crowded - except after a dust storm, when the queue can try your patience a bit. The guys at the cashier counter are always friendly and the whole wash process is fast. I usually get the $3 basic car wash and it gets my car really clean. There are lots of free vacuums to use after the wash, and I like the design of the vacuums here: compared to those in other car washes, these are easier to handle, the hose doesn't get tangled up and the suction head neatly plugs into its port without your having to wind up the hose on a hook after.
1	This has been one of the WORST customer service experiences I have ever had. The funniest part is that it was Clean Freaks manager Ross! I have no idea why Clean Freak would ever have Ross deal with customers. My car was wrecked by their store and he had the never to be rude to me about where I wanted MY car to be fixed! I will never go there again and hope people learn from what I have gone through!
1	So I posted before after my mirror was broken and caused damage to my car! I spoke with any and everybody in the company and not one person has emailed me back as I requested! Scott(upper management) tells me that they are not going to fix the damage to the door, so I asked if Clean Freak is saying they are not at fault? Scott said nothing in response to my question! This company policy on customers is to try to wait you out! That will not happen with me, come by next week and you might see my out there with signs showing people what happens when you pay Clean Freak to wash your car and they FREAK it up!
1	SCRATCHES!! I took my car to this carwash for the first time today and it scratched my car's driver side hood and the windshield frame. (Plz see the pic I have uploaded. There are a lot more small scratches which I cannot capture with my phone's camera). YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED! I'm so mad at myself for not believing other bad reviews and decided to give it a try... lesson learned...
1	Star CarWash definitely has better drying system. My front and back windows with really bad job when you buy ANY of the washes. Good vacuums hoses. Good and nice shade for you to dry your car. There is a tiny tiny zinc to wash your hands? I guess. They sell microfiber rag for $2 because this place doesn't include a rag with any of your washes. Over all, I recommend to go to StarWash cCar Wash if you are picky and just drive away with out drying your car yourself. CLEANFREAK you must get off and dry the windows yourself. I would love to see a place where you can wash your mats with a hose and brush. This place offers wonderful monthly packages but their poor job didn't convince me to get on. They have packs for $3,5,8 bucks. Get the $5 cause $8 pack doesn't seem to have any difference. I bought one at Star CarWash but expired and I was very pleased. Employees here are very helpful and professional. For an emergency this place is ok.
3	I'm really glad it picked the $10 wash as I was here on a Monday and it rained on Wednesday.  I just popped back in on Friday for a free basic wash to clear off the spots.  I'm kinda sad they now charge for the cloth, but for a quick wash its a pretty nifty place.  I too am a fan of staying in the car in a sketchy neighborhood.
4	3.5 stars, rounding up.I joined the special $15/month for unlimited super duper special cleans.I like the speed and convenience, I like the free vacuums.Not thrilled that the dryers don't dry off the back of the car. Easy enough lesson  - I now bring a towel and glass cleaner so I can finish drying the car and shiny up the windows.So far, I have been taking great care of the new car and washing it weekly - but even if I slack off and only do it twice a month, it's still a great value.
4	Clean Freaks UNITE!  For under $20, you can bring in your car in for unlimited washes.  For the summer months, you know we all need this deal!!  This location can get pretty crazy busy because it's fast and cheap!  For only $3, you can get a basic car wash.  I haven't stayed to clean the inside because these are usually being used however, I will be using them sooner than later.  If you are on a budget , this is a great place to get your car washed quickly and the staff has always been friendly and helpful!
3	Quick place for a car wash. For $22 a month- you can have unlimited car washes- which is a great deal with our constant dust storms.In addition, there is a section to vacuum your car and clean your tires and windows etc. north central Phoenix- you have no reason not to have a clean car!
5	I'm giving this place 5 stars and I'll tell you why...Came here for a wash, whilst in the wash the machine broke my mirror off!! Royally pissed (but also found it hilarious?) I approached an employee who retrieved my mirror. However, the wash ripped some wiring out along with my mirror. Long story short, the manager got in contact with me and fixed my car. Even went as far to take a fuse out of his own truck to fix my issue, all within a timely manner. These dudes rule. I'd just be careful of how violent that car wash can be. Kind of terrifying. But if you're into that kinda thing... The customer service was so great, I'll be back... But a little more careful next time.
4	My car hadn't been washed in several months and with the black paint, it was looking pretty horrible. I had never been here before and thought I'd give it a try. When I pulled into the line, the attendant was very nice and explained the wash options to me. I chose the $8 wash since I really do need the clear coat, but didn't need the tire wash and shine. Line moved quickly and my car came out shiny and clean. I then pulled over to the self service vacuum area and cleaned the inside of my car, which was awesome. All in all good experience and I will be back.
2	I've been going here for ages but that may stop. Over 1/4 if the vacuums are missing or simply don't work - and it's been that way for months. I'm also not a big fan of the way they pile cars in bumper to bumper. My neighbor got hit this way and they refused to take responsibility. The black trim on my car has white build up from the chemicals. I could go on. .  .  On the plus side, it's convenient and the staff are nice.
1	Car wash always has issues with equipment.  Poor suction on the vacuums.  Oil sprayed all over the bottom of my vehicle from the tire polisher which I did not even pay for.  Cleaning equipment seems to always miss parts of the vehicle.
3	I stop here couple of time to get a quick car wash or just vacuum my car, the price for a wash is good and they also offer where you pay a month and you get unlimited car wash. Most of the vacuums either dont work or missing, but its free vacuum, which every other car wash have.
5	It is nice to get your car washed for less than 10 bucks.  Then you don't feel so bad getting your car wash more than once a month.  Two things l like about clean freak, the first thing is that the service is quick and the second thing is that you can be done with your car wash and vacuuming your car in 10 minutes.  Unlike the other car washers, you are waiting for more than a half an hour and the price is twice has much has clean freak. Thank you Clean Freak for making it easy to get a car wash!
5	For the price, this place is amazing! $3 will get you just as good a wash as Los Olivos will for $6. FREE unlimited vacuum, you can pre clean your car with a brush first (I know that doesn't sound great but it really helps). The monthly plan as great if you're a clean freak. The staff is nice and not overly pushy about the monthly plan.
4	I come here every week for past 9 months I pay $12 (use to be 10) for unlimited wash. I like it but sometimes the lower parts of the car don't get cleaned very well besides that I have no problems. I like being a member because I don't have to wait in line I just pull up to the gate and get beeped right in so that's nice.. car wash is gentle on my Audi I like to take care of my car so if you have a nice ride you like to look good take it here for good wash! I also have plasti dipped parts on my car (rims, door knobs, grill, side mirrors, tail lights) this place won't take any of it off that's a plus for you people with dipped cars.
5	The guys that work here are super nice and cute and helpful. I looooove to use the mini blower before I vacuum. The vacuums that I have used work perfectly and the $2 mat machine does a surprisingly great job. Try it! The drive thru exterior wash does just as good as any other exterior wash I've ever been to ...maybe even a little better. I love this place.
5	Clean Freak and the express pay is the best.  Live just driving though.   Keeps me motivated to keep my car clean.  I can go o  my way home from work and the staff is friendly and helpful.   I am a Clean Freak!
4	Stopped here after a long (and dusty!) road trip to wash off the rental car before returning it.  Very efficient process, even on a busy Saturday morning.  Paid for the medium-level wash, and was a bit disappointed that they didn't do a hand soaping (as they do at the place I go in SF for a similar price), but still not a bad deal. The free vacuums are a great feature too - super powerful!
5	Not only do they have free vacuums, but you can opt for monthly service & get unlimited washes at the various locations. Always friendly service!This location even has a crevice tool for vacuuming between the seats!
