4	Great place on the near west side to get inexpensive, fresh, fast food.  Love the made to order tortillas.
1	Ashley H is drunk or owns stock in this chain. No offense Ashley, but you said: " The thing which they use to differentiate themselves is that they make their tortillas from dough when you order and also "bob" it...which apparently means mixing the filling of the burrito when you order."They do neither, at least not with me. They threw a tortilla on the warming plate, then just filled it with the same boring bland choices I get at Qdoba and Chipotle. The end result, the same awful, bland, boring shit.Now there are three places, exactly the same and turning out the same poor quality of food.
2	I got a burrito bowl, and it was actually really fresh and tasty. Maybe the cilantro lime sauce? I thought it was expensive for what it was though -- a small (very small) bowl of basically vegetables for $7. Now that I'm writing this, it probably deserves 3 stars (fast service)... but it's 99% the same as Qdoba, but on the other side of University. Just doesn't stand out.
1	Really less quantity and totally dis-interested service .. Wasted my money here today ..
5	Fast service, friendly staff.  Not a huge selection, similar menu and prices to Chipotle but better rice.
2	It was an okay burrito. It's a chain of course, but i prefer Chipotle's burritos over this one. Nice fresh made tortillas though! Obviously not authentic Mexican, but nice to have more than burgers and fries on a menu.
3	Typical Mexican fast food chain. BUT THEY BOB IT!But other than that, there's virtually no difference. Slightly cheaper than Chipotle's and Qdoba's, though not as tasty. You win some, you lose some.
3	The food was okay.  Minimal selection.
4	Panchero's is my go-to late night dinner. The food is made quickly, consistently, and is flavorful. It is very similar to Qdoba and Chipotle, but I would say I prefer to eat here rather than the other similar options on University Ave. I appreciate that they make the tortillas straight from dough rather than heating up old tortillas. This prevents the edges from getting undesirably tough. I usually get the carnitas tacos, and they are always delicious. My only complaint is about the atmosphere. Whenever I go to eat there, I am the only customer. It doesn't really create a good vibe. However, in their defense I do go there around 10 pm so not many customers are to be expected.I definitely recommend going there if you like carnitas!
3	I finally made it here! After my lab mates repeatedly told me Panchero's has the best burritos in town, even above Chipotle. Prior to going I have searched the internet for their menu and such, they said every tortilla is freshly pressed, by that, I assumed they just warm it up for you, just like how other burrito places do it. Boy were we in for a treat. We saw how they grab the dough and placed in onto the presser, and in one blink of my eye (quite literally), we have a freshly pressed tortilla skin! Next the waiter warmed it up on the hot plate, before assembling ingredients of your choice. Just before wrapping up the burrito he mixed the fillings up for you, so every bite feels even. I love the smell and taste of the freshly pressed tortilla, so much so that we actually ordered a couple of the tortillas, yes, just the tortillas, to go. What is different for Panchero's is that their burritos are similarly priced regardless of the choice of meats. I have to say though the remainder of the dinner wasn't as exciting as the tortillas.As previous reviews pointed out their meats are less flavorful. That is something within acceptable level for me. I am not a huge fan of heavily flavored foods. However, their rice isn't something I will get used to easily. Instead of the cilantro-lime rice I so love, their rice tasted pretty salty. It reminded me of the side of rice I got at Popeye's. I can foresee myself going back, their tortillas are that good. But I will stay away from the rice this time.
