5	Been coming here since 2007! The girls are wonderful. It's always clean and comfortable.
1	****beware****this place charges the same as any other near it. For me what made it standout from the rest was the excellent customer service.  But now all the girls that made it great are gone and I understand why.  This place would strangle you for a penny,  the customer service is non existent and even though the girls there are uneducated about their own store if there is an issue or mIx up it's your fault as a customer! !! If you do still choose to go there don't ever take them on their word always read the fine fine print.
1	Since my mom and I are going on a cruise in 18 DAYS I wanted her to get a little base tan because I'm not about to rub aloe on her back for a week in the Caribbean. While this wasn't the closest tanning salon to her house, it did have a great deal with no contract. Well what their website doesn't tell you is they are skating a very thin line on the word contract. Granted they aren't forcing you to commit to any certain time you'll be tanning here, they do FORCE you to do auto-draft. When she gave my dad the price, he opened his wallet to pull out the cash. She said that they can not accept cash (WHAT???) and that he had to use a credit/debit card. But, why? You claim you don't do contracts and someone can purchase just one month. She said they could just cancel at the end of the one month. Why should he give you his credit card number, sign up for auto-draft for something we only want for 2.5 weeks? So we left. They could have made their $25 for my mom's handful of tans, made money on some tanning lotion, maybe even some new goggles if they had ones better than hers, but instead are stuck with yet another 1 star review on yelp. Any place that does not let you pay cash for a service and requires you to give them your credit card information is likely a place that will "accidentally" not cancel your auto draft and continue to charge you time and time again. We weren't going to take that chance. Additionally, their website offers 5 tans for $5. What they don't mention is it's 5 days in a row and if by chance there's a holiday in the middle of the 5 days and they're closed, you only get 4 days.
