4	I've been going to Dr. Khalek for years and he's great!
1	Went in for a Lab before my next appointment, and they lost my paperwork again.  They wanted me to see Dr Tafreshi before the lab.  I set it up with the doctor  to get the lab work done before my appointment so I only have to see the doctor once.  Because I have no insurance my last appointment was $100.00.  I did not want to pay $100.00 then lab then another $100.00 to get the results.
4	I just started going to this doctor and I will continue going. I like how quick they get you in, how friendly and funny the staff is and how they pin pointed what I had suspected that other doctors have not done before. I do not like the furniture etc a little outdated but the service is outstanding.
5	Dr Tafreshi and his staff are nothing short of amazing. Referrals, lab work, blood panels, x rays, everyone who helps you is professional, quick and efficient. This office is a diamond in the ruff in Vegas where medical is pretty much a joke. It's a breath of fresh air to walk into an office and actually be helped. I def recommend this office
5	I've been seeing Dr. Tafreshi for about 6 years now, literally choosing him because Fresh was in the middle of his name. (Yes, I'm that ridiculous!) Dr. Tafreshi's office isn't the prettiest or the newest or the nicest, but it has this warm feel to it. His entire staff from Jennifer to Maria to Suehey have always been kind, compassionate, friendly, and funny. Since Dr. Fresh is an internal medicine doctor, I can get my labs, ultrasound, x-ray, and some other services done all in one place and under one co-pay! If you're looking for an amazing doctor and professional staff that truly cares, you're in good hands at Meadows Medical with Dr. Tafreshi!
4	It was my first time here today. The office looks a little outdated but the service is great. Very nice and friendly staff.
5	Dr Tafreshi is excellent! He helped save my life 2 years ago, detecting through ultrasound a close carotid artery(right side) and a partially closed one on left side in my neck. Thanks to him, I got a stent through his referrals. He is a gifted internalist specialist with good knowledge about other areas of medicine. He is someone I TOTALLY trust. I always tease him about 'working too hard,' but, that's how and who he is. The office staff like Jennifer and Maria are very helpful, patient, courteous and kind, and appreciate my humor. The nurses are very skilled. Good doctors are hard to find, and Dr Tafreshi is one! Definitely!
1	I hate this place. Its always a long wait & every time I've came here Dr.Trafreshi  just sits on his laptop hardly looking up.. He seems to not care by any means! And anytime I voice my concerns about something he not only minimized them but acts as if I make it up!
