4	Cinema du Parc was a great substitute for a video store when I was living in Montreal. The prices have been rising steadily over the years, alas, but the commitment to a wide range of second-run, hard-to-find classics, and art-house movies hasn't wavered. But they still validate parking at Place du Parc, so it's worth the trip.In addition to watching old prints of Superman 2 and Drunken Master here, I remember a number of fun premieres, like a local horror movie with lots of blatant Christian symbolism (a guy dressed like Jesus got cannibalized by naked women) which played on Easter weekend. There was also a documentary on Kubrick, directed by his longtime producer, which was packed. In both cases, the directors were on hand to answer audience questions afterward.They no longer put out a monthly schedule, which is a shame, since everyone I knew in the neighbourhood would use it as a cheap calendar in their kitchens--and there was enough different stuff playing to justify having it at hand.
5	Cinema du Parc is a wonderful repertory theatre which screens a variety of great films and houses unique film festivals. I always watch something interesting at Cinema du Parc, regardless of my slight skepticism, and I would highly recommend going there over the larger, more corporate, more impersonal theatres.
5	Our favorite theatre in Montreal.  The best place to go for international films, and cheaper and friendlier than the AMC 22.If you go regularly, it pays to get the discount card which gives you a break on the price.  Watch for special events, like student film festivals, director visits.  (An occasional opportunity to get interviewed by Radio-Canada.)
4	Great little theater in montreal...not only do they show some pretty cool movies, but it's way cheaper than the standard theaters..also, note the Metro grocery store right next door, great place to stock up before the movie :)
5	Montreal is seriously lacking in committed repertory and art house cinemas. I remember back in the day when when places like Cinema V in NDG, the Rialto in Mile End would regularly play hard-to-find art-house films like "Watership Down" or  old Alfred Hitchcock classics like "Vertigo" on a regular basis. The multiplexes, video, DVD and Blu-ray players have totally killed that old world. True, you can always find these films at places like Boite Noire or online nowadays, but there's something about the experience of going to cinema, getting comfortable in plush seats in a giant darkened room, usually with strangers and opening yourself up to a cinematic experience, watching films that make you think, show another reality or way of life, films which stick with your for days afterwards. Renting out a film or downloading one doesn't have the same emotional resonance as spending a rainy Sunday afternoon in a darkened theater watching American film noire from the 1940's or post WWII Italian realism. I know we still have the Cinematheque and Ex-centris, but I personally find Ex-Centris is too modern and the Cinematheque's selections are often too obscure.Thank God Cinema du Parc is still with us, I still remember when it was downtown and called Cinema de Paris and then the owners brought it to Park Avenue, smart move considering it's the heart of the McGill ghetto, and close enough to the Plateau and Mile End. It's true ticket prices have been steadily rising here in the past few years and are nearly comparable to the multiplexes and they are showing first run mainstream films here alongside art-house and festival films, even then Cinema du Parc is a great place to take in a film, usually with a hyper-literate crowd.
5	The Little Movie Theatre That Can. The film selection is solid, the month-long themes are always exciting, the seats are super-comfortable and Oscar Night is always a blast. Get yer art-house movie fix right here. Pro tip: the 45$ 6-movie pass is still the best movie theatre deal in town.
5	I love this cinema.: lower prices, cool films that you won't see anywhere else and the staff is super helpful and sweet. Comfy seats, yummy popcorn and obnoxious people seem to avoid the place. Art House cinema, gummy bears at the concession..what more could you ask for??
4	Nice little art house theater. Obviously plays only certain films. The theater was surprisingly cleaner than most main stream theaters. Definitely worth a visit., especially if you live close by.
5	Relatively cheap and shows a lot of movies other cinemas don't.  Great alternative to the massive movie theatres that only show blockbusters.
