4	I cannot resist the cilantro-lime rice!!!!  Good to see a new establishment in the University area that can cater to students and area workers alike.  They haven't changed much from their game-plan: simple menu with lots of flavors and fresh ingredients.The interior is clean and industrial... most of the tables are geared towards group eating, all the chairs are pretty much either stools that are fixed to the ground.  Makes for a unique/modern look.The line moves pretty fast here but it can get crowded during the lunch rush - just have to hit it at the right time.  Servers behind the counter are young, energetic, and make you a yummy plate of deliciousness that your stomach will appreciate.My only gripe about this place is the parking lot... which is already super busy..... The Papa John's that appears to be going in next door is not even opened yet... but the parking lot feels bit awkward and asking for someone that is craving some Chipotle (namely me) get clipped by a side mirror or something even worse.  The drive-thru Starbucks on the other end of the new building does not help at all with caffeine deprived people whipping through the parking lot to get their next fix.  Be careful.
3	New chipotle opened in university area.. Its very close to my house just 2 min drive.. But very long lines... I have been here 4 times during different timings but i had to wait for 15 min.. Service is not satisfactory when compared to other chipotle in other locations. .. Its very noisy
5	This location is great! Nice, clean, friendly staff.
2	Crowded, did not have enough seating or parking. Qdoba down the street has way more menu options and much nicer staff. Over all not impressed with Chipotle.
2	Absolutely hated every thing about this restaurant. Lackluster menu, high prices, and food far below amazing! The steak was so chewy I thought I might have bought the beef flavored taffy bowl. Save your money and go to taco Bell right down the street you'll probably like it better.
4	I love chipotle!!! This new place is very nice. It's clean, good service and great food!My fave is the Veggie bowl :)
3	Does anyone really review Chipotle? OK, whatever. I'm very happy that this Chipotle is here, just across the North Tryon Death Intersection from my office.  If I forget to pack my lunch I can be assured of a decent takeout lunch with no hidden wheat products, which is very convenient.
2	I was driving from Atlanta to Durham, NC and planned my drive to stop here for dinner.  This Chipotle is pretty spacious compared to the other locations I've been to. At 730pm there wasn't really a line, which was good for me since I was in a hurry to get back on the road.  However, this is when my experience started to go a little down hill.I ordered a salad, but they told me that they didn't have any more bowls to put it in.  Out of bowls, really??? Anyways, they were going put my food in a top and then wrap it with aluminum foil.  I didn't really care but then halfway through the line someone finds the bowls.  Come on, get your stuff together.Next, as I start to eat I notice my food is really salty.  I think it might've been the chicken but I wasn't completely sure since everything was mixed together.Overall, not my typical Chipotle experience.  But it's not going to stop me from eating at other Chipotles.
5	I love the rice bowls with any meat, the lime cilantro rice, all the fixings, and the fresh tortilla chips on the side.
2	Went to this location to pick up dinner for the family tonight. They had an outage sign on the door indicating that they were out of black beans. Okay, no problem. Problem at this location is the fact the front end staff don't have consistent quality control of meat and rice portions. I ordered a burrito with chicken and white rice and the portion that was placed on the burrito looked like it belonged on the kid's menu. I inquired about it and the line server said more when be extra.  Based on my experience with other chipotle locations, I knew what she served was incorrect.  We ordered two bowls as well. She did the same thing with the chicken bowl. Someone else made the steak bowl, so the portion was correct. I hope that this location will stop skimping on their chicken and rice portions. Otherwise, my family will no longer be patrons.
5	Great, friendly service. I've only had good quality burritos and burrito bowls here. Only issue is parking. It's easier to park at the Food Lion.
4	This is my favorite Mexican food place by now. It is very convenient to access by walking off the UNCC. The staff are friendly and the food is fresh and tasty. I go there a 2-3 times a week.
2	It's Chipolte, which should mean good food at a reasonable price, but this location wasn't great. The service was okay, but the three people at the counter seemed easily overwhelmed, and only one seemed to know what she was doing. Plus they didn't really give me enough food in my burrito bowl; it was half full of lettuce by the time they were done.The space is nice and big, but the bathrooms are resoundingly meh. The faucets on the sinks were confusing, and my cousin said the one in the ladies room was broken. I was not thoroughly impressed.
3	...Looking to avoid the long wait that you can often find at this Chipolte.  I called myself being clever and attempted to utilize the online ordering tool they now have available for all Chipolte restaurants.  Let's just say, they still need to work some things out.  When I arrived to pick up my order it wasn't ready yet.  Also, I asked for peppers and onions and received none.  Since then, I've decided to go inside and place my order in person.  If after taking one look at the line, I think I am gonna be there longer then 10min - I'm out.  Its that simple. Since the initial opening of this Chipole location, a lot of the buzz and hoopla surrounding this place has fizzled and you can normally get in and out in a pretty reasonable amount of time with a quality burrito.  The service is usually above par and the establishment itself is usually kept clean.
2	After experiencing Chipotle  I can say I honestly say I'm not impressed. However, this location is a nightmare due to the traffic congestion.The food was decent but not spectacular. Its the kind of place you stop by for a quick Mexican meal. In other words you have had better Mexican food but the place just happens to be so much closer than your favorite spot. Prices were disappointing. $10 bucks for 3 tacos and charging extra for guacamole??? Must mention there are barely enough seats so be prepared to take your food on the go. All in all, not impressed with this establishment.
4	When visiting Chipotle, I get always get the salad.  With beans, rice, and the other fixins' that go on a burrito, it is the better choice.  Service is very fast, the ingredients are fresh and look tasty.  This restaurant is a definitely plus especially when I am beyond hungry because I can get a good meal, fast!  When I order in, there is no problem.  I don't recommend the online ordering process as I had a bad experience with another locations.
5	This chipotle is consistently awesome.  I live the food, the lines are fast, and the portions ample.
5	Damn good burrito! Moes burritos is a joke compared to chipotle. Next on my list is the quesarito I hear it's crazy good.
4	Very good for fast food. Everything is so fresh and the staff so helpful
1	I thought my salad was disgusting.  I had chicken on my salad and I thought I was chewing on a chicken foot....Yuck! There was almost no lettuce mostly black bean juice and gristle.  I will not go back again and I suggest you don't either.
4	The day this Chipotle location opened, I *may* have had a mini celebration. I had grown accustomed to driving to the South Park area when the Chipotle craving hit so this location gets major points for its proximity alone to me :)This location gets crowded during typical peak times (lunch, 5-7 p.m., weekends) but the line moves pretty quickly. The only gripe I have about the quick moving line is that the employees are working so quickly that they're not paying full attention to the order given (plus the loud music that's playing) and will have to start over because of erroneous ingredients added. During peak times, the designated parking lot is A MESS so I suggest parking across the street in the food lion parking lot to save you a headache and possible fender bender.
