5	I can't say enough good things about Megan - as a hairstylist and a person. She does an amazing job with my difficult hair, all the while keeping me completely at ease with what can be a nerve-wracking experience for someone so.... er.... self-involved with their hair. The brand new studio salon is a perfect fit for her and partner Jamie, and I wish them all the best!
5	Gentlemen, look no further! I moved to Scottsdale from Los Angeles in February 2013 and it usually takes me months to find a barber I really like. Once I had Megan cut my hair, I realized that she cannot be topped. I am very picky about my haircuts and I prefer my hair short which leaves more room for error. I won't risk going to anyone else now. Bonus: She's super cool, down to earth and not hard on the eyes either!
5	Jaime is amazing. She had not only brought my hair back to healthy shine and life but has educated me in the texture if my hair and what I should and should not do. We have amazing conversations and she's always welcoming.  She and Megan give top notch customer service and can recommend them to anyone. They know their stuff!  I'm looking forward to my peak a boo highlights this fall. Thanks again!
5	MiOh Salon is a very pleasant visit every time I go:-) I have had the luxury of having my hair touched by both Megan and Jamie.Jamie is very educated and know what she is doing. She does great hair cuts on short hair as well as long and she dose a mean sexy brown look with perfect color tones for my hair type when I feel like being brunette:-)Miss Megan is brilliant with her blondes she does the most amazing highlights and she has really done a great job with keeping it healthy considering I'm crazy and like to go back dark brown to blond often.She has educated me on the best treatments for my hair and does wonderful curls for a all down style.I truly love the vibe in there salon studio as well as both personalities. They are the best. The location is key and easy to find.I truly recommend MiOh salon you will not go wrong any way!!
5	MiOh Salon is fantastic! Not only is the salon in a great location it looks amazing. Great environment. Make sure you ask for Megan. She is by far the best hair stylist I have ever had. My hair had never looked this good. Guys, trust me. Never go to a barber shop again. Your hair will never look better. Plus she is a cool person to just talk to. Couldn't recommend her enough.
5	I am always super happy with my hair experiences with Megan! She has been doing my hair for over a year now with perfect results every time. I posted a picture of my blond highlights so you can see what a great job she does.Megan has also been sooo easy to schedule an appointment with, not because she isn't busy, but because she will come in early or leave late to make sure I can get in to see her (I am notorious for not making an appointment until I NEED to get my hair done:)) Megan is fantastic, the new location is convenient and really comfortable and last but not least...I always have fun going in because she is a lot of fun to talk too.
5	Jaime is by and far the absolutely best hairdresser I've ever had. My cut is not easy and she hears me when I have a suggestion. Going to her for a cut is a treat I look forward to every time.
