5	What a fantastic store.  Great inventory of beads, at good prices.  Friendly and helpful staff.  I was in town for less than a week, but they had a class in Ndebele (herringbone) stitch, which I'd wanted to learn for a while...The classes are FREE; you just need to buy the supplies for your project.  There were many other beaders there when I went for my class, and they were all working on different projects, but Jackie (who may be the store's owner?  Not sure) managed to help everyone.  The other beaders were friendly, too.They have a VERY large, lovely selection of seed beads at Beads Plus.  I was really impressed.  I was also really impressed at their selection of Swarovski crystals.  They didn't have a heck of a lot of gemstone beads, but that's OK by me, since I generally order mine over the Internet 'cause that's usually the only way I can afford them!They have all sorts of findings and tools as well, and some good beading and wirework books.  I highly recommend this store to local and non-local beaders--it's a delight.
3	This review is for 3.5 stars. I'd been here once before several years before, but did not purchase anything because the sales person was a little snooty- that turned me off. I decided to give this store another try. I took my time looking at everything. As you walk in, there is an assortment of beading magazines on your far right. There are display cases featuring the projects that they work on- free classes but you must purchase all the materials there. Along the walls there are beads and semi-precious pendants- huge assortment of Japanese seed beads, regular seed beads, small selection of semi-precious stones (mostly round beads and chips), Czech beads (nice selection, reasonable @ $4.00 a strand), small selection of fresh water pearls, and finally, findings/tools/string. The findings were in small plastic baggies and lots were priced at $1.00 each- very good. The silk string was priced at $1.50 each- not bad. The wire and the flexwire spools were priced higher- similar to Michael's or Joann's, so it wasn't out of the ordinary.In small baskets are beads at different prices per bead (can get pricey that way, rather than buying the beads on a strand). Some examples: wood beads were ten cents each, small pearls were forty- five cents each, and large pearls were $1.50 each. Large round jasper beads were $3.99 each- too big for a necklace or a bracelet- but could use as a pendant. There are also higher priced beads in the display cases. This time the ladies working there were really nice and inviting. One of them told me about the free classes. I just wasn't interested in that style of jewelry. It's very shiny, flashy, and a bit much for me- plus I don't really have the patience for using a needle and the designs look complicated. I ended up getting some findings at $1.00 a bag. I also got a few jade pendants at $2.65 each- not the typical price for pendants, I noticed some as high as $24 each. Though I was disappointed with the selection of semi-precious beads, I really like the selection of inexpensive findings. So, I am sure that I will be back when I need more.
5	Great store.  I took my kids in there to buy some beads and they were so happy.  They found everything they wanted and the lady behind the counter was very nice and patient.  There were about five other customers in the place while we were there and she helped them and us at the same time.  She even made a few necklaces for my kids eventhough she didn't have to.  My kids picked their beads and she helped them so much.  This place has always been great.  They sell beautiful jewelery crafted during their bead classes by their students.  Some of the made jewelery pieces were exquisite.  Great local place to support.  Great for kids and a wholesome way to spend a day with your kids.
3	Almost forget to mention my bead-a-thon while in LV...I stopped by this shop hoping for a crafty experience but found myself unimpressed.I was searching for a specific look and kept being directed away from what I was looking for! Not novice...nor expert I be at beading, BUT I wanted a crackle bead that I had seen, not solid, not swirled...but crackled....I eventually did find the bead I wanted...but the salesperson seemed not to acknowledge her mistake in telling me that they no longer carried the particular bead I wanted---and they did have quite an extensive color selection of crackle beads (once I found them).Price is nice....but I am all about service and knowng your inventory~
2	This store is pretty small.  I went in looking for some large lobster clasps.  When I walked in there were 2 ladies sitting at a table in the back, possibly a class.  One of them popped up and asked if there was anything she could help me find.She directed me to a section in the back where the findings were on display.  It wasn't a very big selection and they didn't have what I needed.  I looked around a bit more and didn't see anything that interested me.There was a very large selection of seed beads.  If that's what you're in the market for this place might be of more help to you than it was for me.
5	This place is more than just a store for buying beads! It's an oasis for stopping and learning a new skill, actually making something that you can bring home with you. My mom and I have been visiting for years and always leave with gorgeous bracelets, necklaces and earrings. The staff are so sweet and incredibly knowledgeable and will always help you if you get stuck on a project. They offer free beading classes, but you have to buy the beads for whatever you're working on. It's a great way to spend an afternoon, full of excellent company and neat things to work on.
2	Its okay overall, a little pricey compared to Jewelry and Mineral though. Will go again if I need to.
1	I am actually writing this review from my parked car due to the rude or should I say lack of service I received. There were several ladies sitting at a small round table outside the door smoking as I came in. There was a class in process in the store. I was very quiet and walked the perimeter of the shop looking at thier selection. No one greeted me or asked if they could assist me as I looked at their merchandise. This is my 3rd bead store visit today as I am looking for supplies and it was by far the worst both in service and lack of merchandise.
