5	I came to Diya after a couple of months of giving threading some serious thought. I wasn't sure if it would be worth the pain. Then I finally tried it ....and I'm so glad I did! I had my eyebrows and my upper lip done. My husband said I was starting to sport a mustache ...he's so mean! I wanted to get rid of it pronto! It only took like 5 minutes for it all. I think I paid like $11.00 for both. There was no sign of  any baby hairs under my brows and I liked the way they shaped them. It's been a week and I still don't see a trace of hair. Diya also does men's eyebrows because I had my husband's eyebrows done. They just clean up the brow and get rid of any uni brows. He looked better after it was done. Threading doesn't hurt that bad I think it's better than waxing. I only winced a little bit. If you do go try not to wear any eye make up just in case you tear. I didn't cry but my husband did...lol. The area that you get threaded turns red but It goes away after an hour. I will definitely be back because I like the way everything turned out. They also sell beautiful jewelery over there!
4	I keep hearing about eyebrow threading from friends that get them done and how they love it, so after I saw Susan's review, I thought I'd give it a try since they were close by.Like Susan, I also had my eyebrows and upper lip done.  The girl that did my threading was really pretty and I noticed her eyebrows were done very nicely so felt reassured as it was my first time, so I was a little weary and worried I'd walk out with no eyebrows!I sat in the chair and she cleaned around the areas and started threading away..my eyebrows didn't actually hurt at all but the lip! Oh my lord, I swear I not only was tearing but at one point almost started to drool while trying to keep my lips pursed for her to thread my upper lip!For $11 for both, I will definitely be back.  She shaped my brows really nicely and even removed all access hair above and around my brows..I will endure the pain of the lip again cause it was well worth the price!
4	Great place, nice clean and they do a wonderful job. Very satisfied.
5	Kassy is great!  Ive been going to her for a year now (since I moved from VA).  She does good w/ arches in your brow!  I get my chin touched up too!
5	I love this place!! Price are very good!!! Great great job every time I com!! Every one please don't forget to TIP!!! Don't be that guy..!!
4	Cassie is amazing, however I'm not pleased that they raised the price from $7 to $10 just for an eyebrow threading. I divide my time between Cali and Vegas. When I'm in Cali, I live right down the street from "Little India" (Artesia) where I can get my eyebrows threaded for $4 all day, every day.Alas, when I am in town, I always go to Cassie. She is cute, fun and professional, and this place is open late (until 7). Cassie always seems to have a waiting line (for good reason, she's the best!), but she's well worth itCheck out this place if you're tired of waxing and plucking and let them do the work for you with only a piece of string!
5	It all started when I walked past a mirror one day and realize that I was beginning to resemble a hairy man. Thus was time for an overdue grooming. I was recommended to Cassie at Diya by my mother and that's when magic happened. I went from burly to fabulous in 10 minutes. I got my full face done (I wasn't THAT hairy but better safe than sorry). Cassie did a fantastic job! I haven't gone to anyone else and its been months! Possibly one of the best eyebrow places in Vegas!
4	This is my 3rd time going to Diya's to get my eyebrows threaded. I have to admit the first time it hurt like hell. the 2nd time a little bit and the 3rd not at all. Each time she did a wonderful job.
1	If I could rate ZERO STARS this would be the description of this business.I am deeply disturbed, frustrated, and frazzled at how my eyebrows were threaded.I told the beautician what I wanted, she seemed like she listened and understood.I USED TO HAVE A FULL EYEBROWS, that I grew out for FOUR MONTHS.She first did my left eyebrow, I felt it hurting more than usual, low and behold when she handed me the mirror to show me the finished left eyebrow. I swear to you, I was shocked at how thin my left eyebrow was. I should have taken a picture of my left eyebrow and right eyebrow, a complete huge difference. While holding the mirror SPEECHLESS, obivously for more than 5 seconds shows that I DO NOT LIKE MY EYEBROW. I'm forced to swallow what had just happened and continue on with the right eyebrow. I said I did not like thin eyebrows.The beautician continued on and said I can't get them perfect the first time, but how long does it take for your eyebrows to grow back, my answer was 5 months.Her response, was surprised and said my that is a long time.Yes, it is indeed. Thank you for ruining for eyebrows. I think I am going to sharpie them in now. I AM NOT LYING, I AM NOT JOKING, I LOOK COMPLETELY DIFFERENT. EVERYONE THAT REGULARLY SEES ME, HAS A SUPRISED LOOK ON THEIR FACE ON HOW THIN MY EYEBROWS ARE.Sure enough, the end result I am left with is THIN THIN THIN THIN THIN THIN THIN EYEBROW. DID I SAY MAKE MY EYEBROWS THIN, THAT YOU MIGHT AS WELL SHAVE THEM OFF AND I PENCIL THEM IN??IS THE SECRET TO YELL AND SAY T-H-I-C-K EYEBROWS????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????Waste of money, you think I really wanted to pay for a service that was ridiculous that I was completely unhappy??????????????????????????????To say thank you and walk out with a smile on face like everything is ok???????????????????????????????????????????????????- This is not exageration, for those who received service is happy. That's great, as for my experience. I literally have had the worst threading experience in my entire life.For those who want to be customers beware, and take caution.I only review to tell you my experience and give you a heads up on what is going on.
5	I have been going here for almost two years. I have had bad experiences with threading in the past at other places so I was nervous at first. I always liked how the arch is better with threading, but it hurts more than waxing. Anyway I believe I use Cassy, the girl in the middle chair. She has learned how I like my eyebrows so I always make sure to use her. I just wish I lived closer so it was more convenient to go more often.
5	I love cassie!I've been only been going to her for the past 2 years she is GREAT!if you are going anywhere else you are missing out.
5	Ok, so I've been a Yelp! user for a while now and have been meaning to actually write my first review. Since this is a new business (that I love) I figure what better opportunity could I have?? Not only will it be my first review but also my first- first review of a new business! Enough rambling, lets get down to the nitty gritty...Diya's Eyebrow Threading is located on Lake Mead and Rock Springs in the same parking lot as Chipotle. It's a small place, easy to miss if you're not really looking for the sign. This is a new location of an existing business- they have another location on West Sahara (even easier to miss). I found this place because I went to their old location to get my eyebrows done and was told my favorite threader was at their new location. I'm crazy picky about straying from people I like when it comes to my hair or face so off exploring I went.The lot where its located is cute- theres a few places to grab food if you're hungry and a couple other little interesting stores. One thing I did notice was the parking can be a little scarce if you go during a weekend or a later time of day. When I walked in I noticed you can definitely tell the place was new- it lacked a little decoration- but I thought was what there so far was great. I recall there being some nice little couches and the capes they use to keep the hair from falling on you were leopard print! Very cute! When I walked in I was immediately greeted with a friendly smile by Cassie (the best threader ever) and her husband who was there helping her with some things. She sat me down, did her thing- great as always, and I was in and out within a few minutes. Even better is since this location has only been open for a short time (maybe a couple weeks) so they currently have a Grand Opening special- Eyebrow threading for $7! What a steal!Now the thing I want to warn about right off the bat is this is a very new location- and as far as I know they currently only have Cassie working there and only until about 8 pm when they close, she then heads over to their old location. I'm sure they're going to be staffing more as it gets busier but I would keep this in mind and maybe call ahead of time just in case you're in a hurry.
5	The only place I'll get my eyebrows done since I moved here a year ago. My eyebrows stay nice for quite awhile! I will not wax my eyebrows anymore since I found them (:
5	First time to diya, looks awesome. Great location and staff is super friendly. I'm expecting an awesome service. Maybe will become a regular customer here. The threader is taking time with all the clients, love it! God bless everyone. :)
5	I just moved to Las Vegas about 3 months ago. I NEVER went to anybody other than my regular lady back home. I am extremely picky about my eyebrows. I have been to Diya salon 3 times now, and every time has been awesome! I go to Devi and she is absolutely amazing. The salon is clean and Devi makes the experience virtually pain free. LOVE THIS PLACE!
5	Best eyebrow threading I've ever experienced. And I've been around lol. Usually I tear up a bit during the process but with Meena, no tears :) Great place and very reasonably priced at $7 for eyebrows.
5	Love this place :) I have known Kassy and her sister Diya since 2008 .. I first came across them in the Meadows Mall and ever since then .. I won't go any where else !! Best eyebrows in town I can assure you that ;D !! Not only are they great at what they do , but they are a family owned company and treat you with dignity !!
3	awesome!! I finally found an authentic threading place. Place that uses tweezers are fake ones. This place is one of the few places wont use tweezers and have skilled real threaders.  I like this place. Too bad that the store is not visible from the sahara ave. I can see many ppl like this place. I gave 3star out of 5 bc my brow was thinner than I wanted to be. i always request mini um threading bc i like more natural look. I think she didn't understand me :( also I don't like the fact that she expected tips.( Or should have said didn't give me back change in $5 and convinced me that that is her tips lol ) I'm in a hospitality industry as well but i never ask or expect to get the tips. If customer doses give, I always shows my appreciation.
5	Tried this place for the first time and loved how my eyebrows turned out! I usually cry whenever i get my brows threaded but this time i barely had any tears! The lady took her time and was gentle with my brows...she even massage them with witchhazel afterwards. I also like how they wear scrubs!
5	I go to Cassie every time I'm in that side of town or go out of my way to go there she has always done an amazing job I trust her with my eyebrows it's a clean and friendly environment
5	Diya is the place to go. They made me feel comfortable and did an awesome job. Being a male and getting my eyebrows threading for the first time can be intimidating but they were nice and made me feel at home and made me feel like a million bucks. I will definitely be going back.
1	Ok so I went back for second visit. It's close to my house and it's a real threading place so I liked it. Plus I had a coupon that I could not use last time. they have coupon on their website, and I've asked to use it. They asked me to use it for next time. ( yes. Again. they told me the same thing on my fist visit lol) I insisted to use it, and they finally agreed. I wanted tip them few bucks so I asked to break $5, and the lady took the whole $5 and kept it. I asked to get it back and she says it's for the threading.... What? What was the coupon for anyways? And now asking more tips? This place is very greedy and not honest. They act like they don't speak English when they don't want to hear what costumers want to say.  So my tips to visit this place would be bring some one dollar bills or expect to tip $5 on $10 service :)
5	I've been coming here for over a year now and hands down the best eyebrow place ever! The staff is so nice and friendly and they actually know their clients! I LOVE this place! Cassie & Diya are amazing! If you come here at least once you will never go anywhere else!
5	I am forever spoiled now because of Diya... No other threading place compares. I travel frequently, so anytime I have a spare moment in Vegas, Diya is one of my first stops. The staff is friendly, welcoming, and will work with you on your desired shape. They always put so much care and precision into shaping my eyebrows, it's literally like a fine art. No other salon has gotten my eyebrows so symmetrical, as well as the perfect shape for my face. The prices are reasonable and always remember to bring your stamp card!
5	First time here and guess what I LOVE ITT!! eyebrows look great, couldn't be happier.   I live clear across town but its worth the drive . Thanks to the yelp reviews I took my chances and I am glad I did. My new favorite place.
1	HATE THE WAY THEY THREADED MY EYEBROWS! The WORST threading experience ever and I have experienced a bad one but this takes the cake. Wish I could give a ZERO rating. A one star is just enough for the nice atmosphere.BUT IN NO WAY COMING BACK!I don't post pictures but I had to. Just look at my pictures of my before and after. Just utterly horrendous. Thank god my eyebrows grow pretty fast but ugh, I actually hate looking myself in the mirror and it makes me cry. I haven't had thin eyebrows like these, EVER. Even my eyebrows back in high school when I went tweezer happy weren't even this thin!Not only that, I have to wake up early for next damn month or so to fill in my eyebrows in order to be somewhat happy with my face.I thought it would be a good place because it is right next to my school and my classmates go there but no, never again.I told the lady I do NOT want an arch or skinny eyebrows because I love my full shape despite my thin hairs. I wanted my shape to be cleaned up because of the excess hairs growing.Apparently her "okay" meant for her to create her idealistic view of what my eyebrows should be which is ugly, skinny brows that happen to be UNEVEN. I mean, if you are going to mess up eyebrows, at least make them even. I paid and tipped her (because she was nice) but I wish I did not. She needs to learn to LISTEN and LOOK at the fact that I slightly filled in my eyebrows. All she had to do was thread around them. How about thread slowly and then show what you are doing and ask the customer if they like it and then continue?To the owner, please teach the older woman who did my eyebrows or maybe to the rest of your staff the essence of listening to a customer and how to really do eyebrows. I felt like she was an inexperienced person! She did not deserve my money but I am too kind-hearted that instead of creating a scene I paid and left. She really made me angry when she said that they looked "good." You can only image the amount of obscene words I used in my car on my way home and every time I look in the mirror.Should have listened to that one review about how they made her thick full eyebrows thin because I left home really unhappy. I wonder if we happened to get the same lady. Ugh.I really hate being negative but my self-esteem went DOWN because of this situation.If you have thick and full eyebrows that are easy to thread that I guess you can go.Regardless, never again and will not recommend.
3	To shape my eyebrows in a clean, fast and natural way, I love threading. This is a trend that is still rare in my hometown (Montreal) but there are places everywhere now in the west. There seems to be a ton of it in Vegas and I had to trouble finding this one. There was one across the street that I tried first but the woman was alone and the wait time was over half an hour. So I came here, prices were a bit higher, $10 instead of $8 but the setting is nicer, better chairs, larger and more staff. The service was nice and very professional, the results were as I expected it which is nice for a random pick
5	This place is awesome.  I didn't have time to to go my usual place in West Hollywood so I found Diya and it was so nice.  Very simple place, very nice technicians, and nice specials.  I had my whole face done for the first time and I love it!
4	I have been to a few other eyebrow threading places around Vegas and this will just be another one depending on where I am in this town. They are probably the least expensive of all the threaders, but do one of the best jobs.I was a little hesitant and worried at first, because it seemed like she was pulling quite a bit of hair. I understand that I had not had a clean up in more than a few months. They might have grown to full caterpillars. Still, it did not ease my mind. I was relieved when I sat up to see a clean brow and still look like a guy. I am always worried that I will get the angry Vietnamese arch. Luckily, this Viet will stay a little more on the soft side.
5	I was looking for a place to get my eyebrows done since I didnt have time before I left for my weekend trip in Vegas.  I relied on Yelp reviews to steer me in the right direction.  Price wasnt too different from California and I thought my lady did a great job! I would come back! :)
5	Visiting from Hawaii and needed to get my sister's eyebrows done for advance competition. Her eyebrows went from bushy to "on-point"! They take their time and make sure you are comfortable! Would have done my eyebrows if I had more time.
5	I've had threading done 6 or 7 times at a variety of places. This was by far the best experience I've had. I'll definitely be back. Diya took her time and was very personable. Highly recommended!
