3	Hmmm what to say about this chevy's.  Our waiter brought us out chips and salsa with two cups of salsa.  He informed us that he wasn't allowed by chevy's management to bring us 2 salsas unless we asked for them, but that he was sucha renegade that he had brought us 2 and damn the man.  We obviously assumed he had only told us this / done this to get a better tip, since bringing us 2 salsas is more work for him than only bringing us one.Then we ordered guacamole, which he didn't bring us.  So, not good for the tipping there.Then when we told him to cancel our guacamole, he said he would cancel it from the bill but bring it to us anyway.  This twist made us decide that probably he just hated working at Chevy's and wanted to screw them in any way he could, big or small, so we were back on his side again.Then when he brought us the bill, he put it down between the two of us but said "Here you go, sir" to my friend, which was really weird (my friend always gets handed the bill when we go out together since he is a man and I am a woman, but it always cracks us up because it never happens to us except when we are in champaign urbana, and then it happens every time.)
3	if you want to sit in the bar you can go right ahead. A waiter or waitress usually comes in a minute or less with addicting chips and salsa. The food there is not anything great and not authentic but if your wanting to go to a bar and grill such as chilis or outback i would go to chevys instead.
4	We finally made it out to Chevy's after having their chips and salsa at many an event with our friends.  As always, they were pretty good - tasted way more fresh than the chips at El Toro/Dos Reales.  I ordered a steak quesadilla and it was huge and awesome.  I've been craving another one ever since we went!  My husband got something called the Chevy spread?  I dunno, something like that, but it had all kinds of enchiladas and stuff with it and he said it was good - even the corn frittery thing that was on the side.  Looking forward to going back.
4	There's a big rift in my circle of friends between the Chevys people and the Dos Reales people.  I have to say that I land firmly on the Chevys side, because I am never -- never -- disappointed with what I get here.All the way through, Chevys is a delicious meal.  Frankly, I'm frequently too full to do anything more than nibble on my entree, because the chips and salsa are to die for -- I've never had anything quite like it.  The salsa is absolutely delicious, tastes like there's a little bit extra black pepper in it.The entrees are great.  I usually get a pick-4 or pick-5 combo -- leaves me with leftovers so I can have lunch the next day.  Anything's good, but in particular, I want to recommend the flautas.  They're not traditional (when eaten with the sauce they come with, the term "Mexican egg roll" comes to mind), but they are, I think, the tastiest item on the menu.Also, make sure you get the yellow corn stuff.  I'm not sure what it's called, but when eaten at the end of your meal, it's unbeatable.The only downside I see to Chevys is that I think it's a bit overpriced.  I'm from Chicago, where Mexican food is cheap, and even though this isn't quite the same thing as the Burrito house, I find it odd to be paying as much as I do for this kind of food.  It's not a budget-buster or anything -- food+tax+tip usually comes out to about $17-18 for me -- but it's a bit pricier than most college town fare.But, it's delicious.
5	Amazing service, a large menu with plenty of veg options, very reasonable prices and a terrific tequila selection makes this a good choice for everyone, any time.
5	I don't care that this is a chain. They have, hands down, the best chips and salsa I've had at any Mexican restaurant. I would love to buy a tub of that salsa. All of the menu items I've tried there have been amazing. I usually go for the enchiladas, but I've been super impressed by the fajitas, and most recently, a vegetable quesadilla that was parmesan encrusted - somewhat odd sounding, but soooo good. It's always friendly service, and they're very accommodating. The prices are good as well.
1	Never has a restaurant left more of an impression on me. Hands down the worst meal I have ever eaten and the worst $20 I have ever spent. I have never felt worse after a meal or left more dissatisfied. You could not pay me $20 to eat the food I ordered again.We were starving. Neither of us had eaten all day. The first thing we did was order the Nachos. It came with "Nacho" liquid cheese you find at gas stations and sporting events. I am talking the pasty orange processed shit, pun fucking intended. They dumped this shit all over a giant plate of chips and sprinkled on some seasoned ground beef and charged us $9. N-I-N-E FUCKING DOLLARS. If I'm paying $9 for tortilla chips and cheese, I expect actual cheese, not processed liquid cheese that I can buy at Costco in eighty pound bags for $15. That's 10 cents an ounce. There was *maybe* 3 ounces of cheese on my chips. That's 30 cents of cheese which is arguably the most expensive ingredient of the dish. The entire plate of nachos probably cost them $1. We did not finish them. We each ate around six or seven Nacho cheese coated chips before we were saved by our entrees. Lucky us, or so we thought. Apparently "smothered" burritos actually means fucking coated with Nacho cheese. Fuck. You can tell I really hate this shit. Let's move on.My $14 entree consisted of 2 tacos, 1 mini burrito, and a chimichanga. The beef in my tacos was ground fine. Real fine. So fine that you could no longer tell what part of the cow a particular granule came from. All I can say was that it was better than the refried beans of the "just add water" variety. Not joking. The beans were the texture of a watery soup. I think the cook added too much water to mine because when I got the plate the beans were on the left side. By the end of the meal they had oozed across the entire plate like a thick viscous creature. Like all "just add water" refried beans of jail cafeteria quality, it tasted like cardboard.The chicken taco was edible. I think. I ate it at least. I was starving though. Again, we hadn't eaten all day. I didn't touch the Nacho cheese coated burritos. I tried the chimichanga last. I had two bites.The rice was the best thing on the plate.The service was as good as it possibly could have been. You could tell the servers did not like working there. Our server didn't bring us the check. He had the busser/dishwasher bring us the check. I don't blame him. Honestly, we felt sorry for him.
3	I come for the corn cake.  When Chi Chis went under I mourned the loss of my dearly departed friend, the corn cake.  Then, a couple of years ago, we stop in here for an only slightly extended work lunch, and all of a sudden 'Reunited' is playing in the background as the corn cake arrives at my table.I can't even tell you what entree I order.  It's good, but, like, OK good.  My only request to my waiter is 'bring corn cake, sub all sides for corn cake... corn cake!'  One time I had a waiter bring more corn cake then entree.  I told him I loved him and left a hefty tip.Ooh, I just remembered something I get.  Corn cake (kidding).  There's a build your own combo, and one of the items is a chicken flauta with a jalapeno jelly sauce.  That sauce is awesome.
4	Great guacamole and salsa. The tacos were great. So much better than La fiesta. Fast and Friendly service. They also have a tortilla maker as well. Pretty neat.
2	With limited options in Campaign this weekend, I suggested Chevy's. I remembered loving this place in college -- The whole "Fresh Mex" thing did it for me. Well, where to begin..... The guac was bland,  food was luke warm and my steak taco was ground beef. Also, the service was mediocre. She wasn't even bad, she just lacked a personality. Not that I wanted her to do card tricks or something, but  a little smile goes a long way.You've been granted a 2nd star purely because of that wonderful corn mush you serve with every meal.Bummer Chevy's... I wanted to like you.
1	Yuck, this place has really gone down hill.  I hadn't eaten here in quite a while, probably over 2 years but I remembered liking their chips and their vegetable fajitas.  So when friday came and it was my turn to pick where to eat, I picked Chevy's.  Ew.  I should have known something was wrong when it was 7 pm on a friday and there were maybe 5 tables of people seated.The chips had NO SALT and the salsa tasted like ketchup.  My vegetable fajita consisted of what looked like whatever odd vegetable combo they could find at the bottom of the fridge: baby carrots, green beans, broccoli, bell peppers and onions.  (NEVER seen baby carrots OR green beans in a fajita, weird)  It almost seemed like frozen stir-fry vegetable mix.  A new addition to this dish since the last time I ordered it was the chili relleno on top of the veggies.  That thing was a nightmare, it was stuffed with what tasted like gouda cheese and topped with horrid-looking tasteless tomato sauce.  My husband could not finish his fish taco, which looked deceptively edible but which he said tasted nasty.  His side of one tamale was a pile of mush on top of a pile of chicken mush.  It looked like baby food and did NOT hold together at all.The only thing that seems to have stayed the same is the sweet corn tomalito, still as corny and sweet as ever.  Our server was attentive, I can't fault him.  But the food was beyond repulsive.
2	I should say up front that this review is based on chips, salsa, and a strawberry frozen margarita.  But you know, I feel like chips/salsa/margz are the fundamental building blocks of any Mexican restaurant, and if they fail at those, they might fail at other things.When my friend and I drove down for homecoming, we arrived a little early and couldn't check into the hotel yet.  Chevys was just down the street, so we decided kick off our weekend of constant food and alcohol consumption by getting some drinks at the bar.  At 5 pm on a Friday night, the place was amusingly empty, with the occasional random quiet man alone at the bar drinking margaritas (awkward) and a couple other tables of folks in Illini gear (and Steelers gear, for some odd reason.  They followed me here?)We saw that on Fridays they have a $4 frozen strawberry margarita special.  That deal was calling our name, so we each got one.  They were all right - good texture, decent taste, we got a little buzzed, but nothing special.  The chips and salsa, however, were totally blargh!  Watery salsa, weirdly textured chips - like, the chips were really weak and flimsy, not the good sturdy tortilla chips that can hold up to good salsa.  They weren't even worth eating.  Also, the bartender was visibly perturbed when we asked for the check.  Sorry, but we had dinner plans at Papa Del's, and didn't want to spoil our appetite!....why go here when you could drive a mile and go to Dos Reales?
3	CLOSED. Too bad, I usually like Chevy's but this one seemed a step below those found upstate (of which only one remains, unfortunately). I don't usually lament the loss of a semi-national chain franchise, but Chevy's is getting harder and harder to find around here and IMO they're one of the few chain restaurants worth seeking out.
1	Business is closed as of the end of November 2011.  The only other ones I know of are the one near Woodfield Mall in Schaumburg and maybe the one that was in Bloomington, Il.
1	This place is closed, and for good reason.
