5	I love this brand the Mercedes of diamonds I had never been to a hearts on fire and had only seen them in magazines. Glad to see these babies in person. If I ever win in vegas this would be my first stop!
1	These diamonds and this line of fine jewelry will be as good as it gets but will probably never get the same reputation as the blue box:P  I've learned a lot about the diamonds and while the product is amazing both times I've entered a store to look at them the store or reps leave me with such a bad taste in my mouth.  I wrote another review on MJ Christensen in Henderson about the rep shoving the brand down my throat - more than likely because she gets recognition for her sales in this line.  It was my first time to check out the actual Heart on Fire store in the Forum Shops and the second we walked in we were automatically profiled and were being followed every inch of the way.  The rep was literally no more than 3 feet away.  As if we would try to snatch anything encased under bright spotlight.  Even picking up the brochures proved to be a hassle as he seemed ready to tackle us immediately.  I'm sure if you look the part - treatment would be different.  Long story short - your business is always welcomed at Tiffany & Co. regardless of race, gender, or the brand of clothes or purses you don upon entering the store. Blue box wins!
1	Let me start by saying I absolutely love the brand, my engagement ring is from HOF and I fall in love with it all over again every time I look at it. About a year ago when we bought the ring the customer service was amazing, but they're making money so of course. By the way, what we bought was not cheap by any means. A couple days later we picked it up and were pushed and pushed into buying earring. I just spent more on a ring than some peoples cars so no I don't want to spend anything else right now. The sales lady, Oshrat, was so rude until we left. I stopped in a few times to get it cleaned and they just rush you out as soon as your done. Fast forward to now, my ring snapped in half. The top half with The center diamond literally broke off the top, and it's platinum. I was so upset! I take it to the store and they have to ship it to Boston to be replaced or fixed. It took a few weeks which I understand. I asked if I could just have a credit and get the same exact ring from the store because I didnt want to be without it, or even paying a little more for a bigger one but they said no! I called the head quArters and they said if it had been ordered online they could have upgraded to whatever I wanted but each store has its own policy. It's been a month since I've had my ring. I spoke to them earlier in the week they said Tuesday. I called Wednesday they said said Friday. It's a Saturday and was supposed to be delivered to their store for pick up today. And it's still not there. So now I won't have it until Monday. Getting a hold of anyone to talk to is impossible! And the manager Leslie is not exactly the friendliest person to deal with either. I had to call Boston for updates and they said I can call the store for them. Well I tried calling the store but no one seems to ever call back. Needless to say I will NEVER purchase from their store again. I'd rather just go to MJ Christiansen to buy another HOF ring when it's time to upgrade. A high end store like this should never have bad customer service no matter how much money a customer is spending! I'm so appalled by this whole experience!
2	Crappy service! I came in looking to learn about "Hearts on Fire" and it was quite some time before someone offered to help. I asked to see the hearts and arrow phenomenon and was rudely corrected by the tall curly haired woman that "arrows" are a competitor's brand. That might be the other brand's name for the phenomenon, but it still exists, and I wanted to see it. She eventually showed me the hearts through a scope, never flipped the stone so I could see the other side's "arrows." I told her I was looking to upgrade my diamond for my anniversary and was interested in seeing larger stones in comparison to my diamond. She pulled out a stone that was already in a setting. I told her that it was too similar to my existing stone and asked if I could see a larger stone. I also asked if she would be able to clean my diamond so I could see the difference between my stone and theirs. She refused to clean my ring, and told me to come back when I was closer to buying a diamond! Basically, she wasn't interested in educating or helping me, she was interested in making a sale. You would think they would position themselves to showcase the features of their product, but they appeared totally uninterested. She didn't even give me her card as I left. I will not be returning.
