1	I am a sucker for a book's cover. It looked so cute from the outside. All polished red brick and shiny stone floor. The menu looked yummy---I should have ate the menu. The service was bad and rude. Food, cold, bland and not what we ordered. To top off a perfectly bad meal---there was a photographer taking our picture. I asked who he was but could not get an answer. Not sure if he was a private eye, paparazzo, or just a freak. My suggestion to you is NEVER go there.
4	Since the last and only review was two years ago, I felt the compulsion to defend this little local's joint. And when I say locals, I do *mean* locals! I got tired of PT's and Buffalo Wild Wings, and wanted to try some place new around Henderson. Remedy's caught my eye. There are a lot of regulars circle this bar and it's clear the bartender knows them well. They banter back and forth and its all in the name of fun. The menu is pretty good for a bar, I recommend the massive fish tacos. The fish is so thick the tortilla can't wrap around it, and they don't overcook. Yum! The mushroom pasta dinner plate is literally swimming in the cream, they don't hold back. Overall the decor isn't spectacular but the tvs all work and they accomodate you in any way for games and such. The drinks are cheap and you always make a friend or two because the regulars love the attention. I like this place a lot, and the manager keeps trying to make my fav, key lime martini every time I go! My bf and I always have a good time here, and people are always winning at this place at the video poker. Have no fear, this place is swell!
5	Very nice locals' bar.  Sit at the bar to play the machines or one of the lounging areas to relax and visit with friends.  Hop over to the restaurant side for the best nachos in the city.  My favorite lunch item is the grilled cheese sandwich and the chicken tortilla soup on the days they have it.  For dinner I like the grilled salmon.  And don't forget to try the bread pudding.  We go to both locations on Boulder and St. Rose, but are a little partial to the one on St. Rose.
