5	so i just got my first tattoo yesterday... and i love it!this parlor has to be one of the cleanest that i have ever been in, which is always a great plus.My father has gotten a tattoo from tony, who is the owner, and he is now my dad's guy to go for ink. he was busy yesterday when we went to see him, so i got a tattoo from scotty. his portfolio is awesome, and he did a great job on the dandelion i got on my foot. my roommate got a little tattoo on her wrist from josh, which looks great. I would trust any of these guys for the next time i want some ink, and they all specialize in a different style, which is nice to have the different variety. Overall, a great shop with nice and funny staff, and it doesn't hurt that they all know their stuff... well, it does hurt, but it is a tattoo...
5	the guys that work there all do amazing work.  my tattoo came out better than i hoped (as simple as it was).  they have a nice set up, each artist has a good amount of space within their sections.it's clean.  felt very comfortable in there.and they entertain you.  movies playing on tvs all about the place.i will certainly get more work done here.
5	I've gotten both my arms done by Josh.  He just moved to Lady Luck about a year ago.The decor is awesome!  Very chic and contemporary.  The place is as clean as a whistle.  I've spent about 20 hours at Lady Luck.  Everyone is really friendly and professional.  They even play movies while you're sitting in the chair to pass the time.  It's great!   When you've spent as much time as I have, you need something to stare at besides Josh!
5	I walked in expecting to get a drawing and an appointment.  Instead, I got some very cool ideas and an awesome tattoo!  "Uncle" Josh was a great guy with a very unique style.  He did a great job on my pinup tinkerbell without batting an eye at my unusual request.  He kept me comfy and didn't cause any unnecessary pain, and didn't even laugh after I nearly killed myself trying to get up from the table.  I really enjoyed the entire experience from the whole crew to the movie playing, and I will definitely go back when I get another wild idea in my head.
5	Josh has been working on me for about 3 years now, he moved over to Lady Luck and I can say I am honestly pleased with the cool people there, the TV's help pass the time when I am sitting for 3 or 4 hours and the place is immaculate and upbeat. I have sent family and friends there and will continue to do so..so hit em up over there you will def be surprised by the kick a@# work they throw down over there as well as the rad dudes.
5	Just moved out from LA, and looking for a fun shop with a tradtional influence.....One of the cleanest Shops I've been to in a while, great comfortable setting, I ended up getting a sweet fortune telling Liger from Joe and it came out great... Tony's work precedes him and speaks for itself as easily one of the top portrait artists in the country.....Looking forward tog etting lots more work here.
5	Jess was awesome! I have been searching the valley for a long time looking for the right artist. She is approachable, creative, and skilled. She did a great job on my new piece, exactly what I wanted.The best part, My wife trusted her to get her first tattoo from Jess, and my wife is thrilled with the results.Not only do I recommend Jess and Lady Luck Gallery, I would insist anyone I know to go see Jess and the guys there. I will be back for sure!
5	Got my first tattoo here today and loved it!   The place is clean and very comfortable. Jess did my tattoo and she is awesome!!  She also did my husbands and we were both very happy with her work and with the place. Would definitely recommend and go back.
1	I'd try another spot, paid too much for bad tattoos. Jess really scarred me up.  Had to get them touched up a couple times.
5	Josh is a great guy, fun. . talented. . and wears amazing hats! I started my tattoo when he was working with Americana Tattoos and then he switched over to The Lady Luck and I of course, followed him. Best Decision EVER! My tat looks amazing, and people stop me all the time and say how lifelike and real looking my garter looks around my thigh.Like everyone says there were movies playing and the guys were all joking around and having fun. Great Shop. Great People. Fun Times! =D
5	I feel like a big fat jerk for not writing this glowing review of Lady Luck and Uncle Josh sooner. Someone should stick me with tiny needles :-pPer the recommendation of Amy D, I went to see U.J. last summer for a full back piece I wanted done. I had some ideas and I handed them over. Two weeks later I went back and Josh had whipped them up into a spectacular visual demonstration. I was super stoked to get working.The tattoo took over a year to complete, which was completely my fault, but I loved every minute of the 15+ hours we put into it. Each time I went, Josh was incredibly friendly, professional, and dedicated to his craft. The rest of the staff is really friendly, and supportive of the other artists. They come over to each others booths to check out work and give props versus being snide or competitive, which I have seen in many studios.I couldn't be happier with the outcome of my tattoo, and the quality, healing times, instruction were absolutely perfect. This was my 9th tattoo, and it was the best by far. Highly Recommended.
5	Uncle Josh does tremendous work.  I met with him five years ago (at another shop) had some work done, and met with him again this December past.  Uncle Josh updated the work he had done previously and hooked me up with some really great new art.  All four came out looking great.  I would recommend Uncle Josh to anyone interested in skin art.
5	The 5 stars is for Tony, the owner. He is the only one I will let touch me with ink. He did my first tattoo 2 years ago and since then, I have gotten 4 others. My boyfriend and I have referred our friends here too and they love Tony and his incredible talent. I'm sure the other artists are great,  but Tony is devoid of that cocky, rude attitude that you find in other parlors.
5	Scott Rich is one of the best. I have trusted him to finish my sleeves and have been blown away from his work. He has taken my business from my tattoo guy that I have had for over 5 years.  Clean studio, great work, and they always have movies playing to watch while you get your ink done.
5	This is the place that other shops in the valley should strive be like.  When I decide to start getting tattoos again a few years ago I was unfamiliar with the scene in the Phoenix area so I did extensive research on shops and artist so it was no accident that I ended up at Lady Luck.  Tony Olvera the shop's owner is one of the best artist in the valley.  I've gotten 5 tattoos from him so far and there's not a week that goes by that someone doesn't stop me to get a closer look or compliment me on them.  I've got an appointment for number 6 and plan to get several more.   I haven't seen work from all of the other artist but I have seen some pretty amazing work by "Uncle" Josh and Scotty Rich.So far I've spent approximately 30 hrs in the shop getting work so I've had a lot of time to observe the day to day operation.  These guys are all very professional.  I've witnessed both Josh and Scotty giving someone their first tattoo and both had quite a talent for putting the customer at ease. I also observed Tony give my girlfriend her first tattoo in what many people consider to be a very painful spot (the top of the foot).  He also has quite a talent with first timers and made sure she was as comfortable as possible.  She's hooked now too and I don't think she'll ever get a tattoo from anyone else.
5	This is hands down the best shop in AZ. I looked for years to find the right place before I started my sleeve. It seemed that every time I saw someone with a stop you in your tracks tattoo that you just had to ask to see, every time it seemed they would say Tony at Lady Luck Tattoo. Long story short. I finally checked these guys out and my wife and I both have work done by Tony now. Now I have the tattoos that people literally stop me in the grocery store, bank, gym... everywhere, just to see them. EVERYONE in this shop is AMAZING!!! My wife's boss has an amazing full back piece done by Uncle Josh and it's off the chain too! The cleanliness of the shop and the attitude of the people here is great. Most tattoo shops feel more like a pawn shop. The people artist are normally jerks and not inviting at all. At Lady Luck this in so not the case. Everybody just hangs out and watches killer classic movies all day. Last time I was in we watched Big Trouble in Little China. Classic!  Its a great place with phenomenal artists! You won't go wrong!  I have a few pics of some of the work we started on my profile. Feel free to check it out.
5	so 6 years later and I am still seeing Josh for my ink. I've referred more friends and strangers than I can count, I even took my mom there for her first tattoo last year....She loves her ink to this day. My bro and sis and all their friends have all visit lady luck as well... I love the way he takes the time to get to know his people so he can really draw up the perfect piece for you....I can also say the other guys at the shop are pretty stellar as well. Scotty does some killer work and Tony is 5 stars as well. Clean, upbeat, contemporary shop with fantastic artists. You can't go wrong in my book hitting this shop...Ask for JOSH tell him Robyn sent ya!! haha....
5	My first tattoo was 3 years in the planning, and it was inked by Jet this afternoon. As tattoos go, mine wasn't terribly complex or large, but it held a lot of meaning to me, and I wanted it done right. The design was a branch with Forget-Me-Nots and Lily of The Valley coming off, with a hummingbird hovering above the flowers. Jet took the Lily flowers (they're white - tough to make look good with ink), and shaded them with some grey, leaving some of my skin color in the flowers - they look amazing. He took my very loose idea and made it into a design I will forever be happy with. The atmosphere is really relaxed, all the guys are hilarious, and during my time there we watched a ton of UFC fights - definitely makes you think twice before complaining about pain when you watch those guys get their faces bashed in!Bottom line: Jet makes a first timer feel comfortable, and he was sympathetic when I needed a break because I was a bit light-headed. I really hope this guy never leaves Phoenix, I want him to do any remaining body art I get!
1	New to the Tattoo world I went here due to a referral. I spent over $700 dollars and got the worst tattoo...the artist ? can't remember his name colored in my whole chest with green...like paint by numbers-no outline of florals....had to go to another shop since they refused to fix or even take my calls. I am now $1500 into a tattoo that still has bizarre green back ground. If you have a picture they probably do fine...for me I was trusting the artistic ability and they don't have it.
2	This is a little on the old side but something happened last week that made me have to write this review.  Back in August, I went to Josh to talk to him about something I needed his help with, a bad tattoo someone else did!! I asked him if he could help straighten it out of he said, of course, no problem.  So, I scheduled an appointment. When I got there for my appointment, all of a sudden, there was nothing he could do to help me with my original problem (which was my ultimate goal).  He actually worked on another tattoo for me, again, one I wasn't concerned about. Just last week I went into Double Down Tattoo in Glendale and talked to them about the very same issue I discussed with "Josh".   David at Double Down said he could help and he did exactly what he said he would do and I could not be happier with the work David did.   Double Down has talented artists and very friendly staff.  The do excellent work for a very fair price!!
4	Good tattoo shop. Clean space, multiple artists to choose from and books of their work are available for you to look though and decide who's style most mirrors what you're looking for. I chose Jet to do a cover-up for me and he worked with me on the design and our ideas and communication flowed very well. He's a very personable guy, is friendly and keeps the conversation going while he's working on you, and he doesn't dick around (read: He starts to work and continues until the job is done). He's very professional and informative. Good customer service combines with talent at the craft.
5	My sister and I have always been hesitant to get tattoos, so when we finally made up our minds to get ones, we made sure to check out the place before we made our final decision. Our experience at Lady Luck was great. Uncle Josh was our tattoo artist and made us crack up the entire time. He listened to what we wanted and made suggestions about how to better the overall picture. I would 100% recommend this place to anyone- especially uncle josh :) Thank you !
5	This is hands down the best shop in AZ. I looked for years to find the right place before I started my sleeve. It seemed that every time I saw someone with a stop you in your tracks tattoo that you just had to ask to see, every time it seemed they would say Tony at Lady Luck Tattoo. Long story short. I finally checked these guys out and my wife and I both have work done by Tony now. Now I have the tattoos that people literally stop me in the grocery store, bank, gym... everywhere, just to see them. EVERYONE in this shop is AMAZING!!! My wife's boss has an amazing full back piece done by Uncle Josh and it's off the chain too! The cleanliness of the shop and the attitude of the people here is great. Most tattoo shops feel more like a pawn shop. The people artist are normally jerks and not inviting at all. At Lady Luck this in so not the case. Everybody just hangs out and watches killer classic movies all day. Last time I was in we watched Big Trouble in Little China. Classic!  Its a great place with phenomenal artists! You won't go wrong!  I have a few pics of some of the work we started on my profile. Feel free to check it out.In addition, there is 1 bad review on here from a guy named Victor. I actually referred him. After seeing all the incedible work Tony has done for me, he decided get a  cover up from Tony. Tony's cover up was awesome! Victor even called me right afterwards and told me, and I quote "That guy is a wizzard" because he was so amazed and happy with the tattoo. Thus the "returning customer" part of Victor's review. Victor got piseed off and walked out on his 2nd appt because Tony was running a few minutes behind and said it would be 20 minutes or so. Big deal. Welcome to a tattoo shop. A tattoo is art and art takes time. If Tony is running late, which is known to do, I don't care. I know he is going to give me the same attention and dedication he gave the client before me. I find peace in knowing he will never rush my piece just to get to the next guy in line or keep an appointment time. Judge the shop by their ability and art, not by an appt time. If you want minute by minute appointment times don't get your hopes up in a tattoo shop or waiting for the cable guy. Tony is booked out months in advance for a reason. He is workth the wait.
5	One word: TONY. This man is insanely talented! My husband and I had only been in the Valley for a few years and were researching tattoo artists. Sometimes I find it best when seeing tattoos from an artist in person on a living canvas instead of in a portfolio. One of my friends has her sleeves done by Tony and I was very impressed so I went to him for my legs and half sleeve.Knowing what Tony can do, I put my full trust in him and let him have a lot of free reign of the creativity. I feel like that's when artists truly flourish! Everywhere I go, I get compliments on my half sleeve and when I say who it is, there's been quite a few people who've said, "Oh yeah, Tony at Lady Luck. I should have known!"
5	Had 2 kept appointments with Tony with great results.  The shop is full of talented artists, so have no fear when you come in and get stuck!
1	Waited 45 mins for artist to show up in cab, then he said he didnt want to do the tattoo.  No review on tattoo work never made it that far.
5	I have a beautiful tattoo on my right forearm done by Uncle Josh. I told him what I had in mind and he drew it up in front of me exactly what I had wanted he's very creative and easy going and over all provides a great experience. I would get more work done by him he is a great artist and very diverse in his work.
2	Got a tattoo here a few months ago by Mario. I'm satisfied with the results of my tattoo, but the overall experience was a little meh. Mostly because I came in with a friend and they treated her quite differently than they treated me. I have red and black hair, and multiple tattoos. I had an idea in my head, and didn't bring a photo with me. My friend is brunette and only has one other tattoo. She brought in a photo of exactly what she wanted. Mario gave her a really hard time about doing it exactly how it is in the photo. I understand as an artist you want to be more original, but if somebody is going to pay you, especially for a simple 20 minute tattoo, then I think you should just do it. My tattoo was drawn up quick and done even quicker, because it was just a simple word in old school font. Hers took probably 3 times the time it should have, and she was so upset with how it was turning out that she wouldn't let him finish and left in tears. Not only was it unfinished, and not at all how she wanted it, but she had to pay to have another artist fix it, and it took FOREVER to heal because he basically jabbed the needle so hard into her ankle that it ended up getting infected. You may prefer to do more original work, but YOU aren't the one with this on your body forever. If you don't like a tattoo, and don't want to do it how the person wants it... then say no, and send them to another artist. It's as simple as that.
5	I absolutely love Tony's work. He fulfill everything I wanted in my tattoo. He is an amazing artist. I would recommend him to my family and friends.
5	I just took my son here for his first tattoo (he is over 18). Since he was set on getting a tattoo, I wanted to make sure that the place was reputable and that the artist would listen to him and, obviously, do a great job. After researching and getting recommendations, we chose Lucky Lady Tattoo Gallery. Last week we walked in and met with Nick. He listened to my son's vision, asked questions and went about sketching a design that was beyond my son's expectations. He quoted a reasonable price and we made an appt for today. When we arrived, he was ready for my son on time and ready to go. During the two and a half hours that we were there Nick was friendly, professional and made sure that my son was as comfortable as possible. He let him take frequent breaks, answered his questions and was incredibly conscientious of his work. When he was finished he thoroughly went over the aftercare instructions, didn't try to sell him anything and the price was exactly what he quoted. I highly recommend Nick for both first timers and those with multiple tattoos! His work is incredible!
2	They do "ok" work  ( need to come up to date with style) about 10 yrs behind But talking to the artist at Lady Luck is just like talking to most Tattoo artist in this townThey all act like "arrogant cops"If you've ever dealt with an arrogant cocky cop in this town you will see they're very much the same with their attitudes like your just a little peon, doesn't matter how much ink you have on your body they still talk to you like you don't know a damn thing!Oh. And of course they screw off most of the day and then tell all the clients that they're two months out,   Lazy ass pigs   Hah! another cop trait
5	My son and I decided to have "Carpe Diem" tattoos done, kind of a family thing. We went back to Nick and once again, he was amazing. My son had his done on his side and mine is on my foot. I was very nervous as I had heard that foot tattoos are very painful. It wasn't any more painful than my other tattoos. Nick designed both of ours and he such an exceptional artist, truly talented. I am happily recommending him to everyone and when the time comes for the next tattoo, Nick will be the only artist I will go to.
5	I have no clue why anyone would rate lady luck less than five stars. All the guys that work here are friendly and welcoming. I've been tattooed by a lot of artists in a lot of shops and I always felt very comfortable coming into Lady Luck. Tony is an amazing artist and an all around nice guy. He took an idea I had and made it into something incredible. I have and will continue to refer people to this shop.
