5	I had some damage to my home due to flooding in an adjacent townhouse and Thistle DKI was very quick to come to my aid. They dealt with the insurance company, handled the scheduling and handling of the contractors performing the repairs and communicated with me throughout the entire process.  They made a horrible situation a great deal easier to deal with and were kind and curious throughout the time I worked with them. If I should ever need assistance again when dealing with a home or business disaster, I will no doubt call Thistle DKI.
5	I had water damage due to a home flood and this company was excellent in every way. An associate from the company met me at my home and arranged for the team to come back at a time convenient for me. The Team was extremely professional and  best of all hard working. The team did an excellent job communicating with me as well as my insurance. This process was smooth sailing thanks to Thistle.
5	I had a house fire and lost everything I owned. During this tragic time, I was LUCKY to find Thistle DKI! I was lost and didn't know what to do! I needed someone to guide me through the process and Danny did just that! NOTHING was too much for him! He was the most compassionate, professional and experienced person for the job! He always took my calls and answered all of my questions (and I had so many)! I asked him to please rebuild my house exactly the way it was prior to the fire and he did just that! I was SO thankful to find Danny! He is a SUPERSTAR!
5	We had our business renovated by Thistle DKI, they turned it from a restaurant to an office building. We had a quick turnaround time and they worked with us to make sure we met the move in date. Joe  was the project manager and he made sure to keep us informed and up to date with the progress of the building. He kept us involved and made sure we didn't have any surprise costs. We had quite a few changes during the process too and he was more than happy to help us with any last minute changes. The end result was wonderful and our building looks great. Their team was very professional and I would highly recommend them.
5	Thistle DKI renovated my home for me and did such an amazing job! Truly impressed with how quick the turnaround was and how amazing they were to work with. Great customer service and work. I would definitely recommend them to anyone in need!
