3	I am a fan of Sub Station II, but this location is a little bit ghetto. The food is good and the service is fast, just like at all the other Sub Stations around town, but there's a faint odor of cigarettes in the air, and the wood paneling is a little sad. I'm not sure what's going on with this location...maybe it's that it's in a weird strip mall in Matthews that looks like it's dying. I stop here frequently anyway, as it's on the way to the class I teach at CPCC's Levine campus, and the sandwiches are good. I just wish I didn't leave there smelling like cigarette smoke.
1	This being the first and only time ive eaten at a sub station it will be the last. Any chain that doesn't care about all there locations equally probally doesn't care about quality of the meat which it tasted like they didn't. The sandwich was not anything like i thought it be when my friend dragged me here.
1	I too like Sub Station's food... But not when I get it from this particular store. It kinda makes my skin crawl. They also don't seem to have room for the bread toaster any longer like the other stores do, which I would attribute to the horde of personal items they have stacked behind the counter... Hundreds of old VHS tapes!? They don't keep the tables clean, the dining area is in DESPERATE need of some TLC. Broken video games, old dusty house plants, peeling paint. Looks like they just don't care and I have no idea how they've made it past the health inspector this long. GO TO A DIFFERENT SUB STATION, NOT HERE!
5	My friend kept bragging about this place and finally took me to try it for myself. I absolutely loved the service and the food. The place had a nice old fashion feel to it. It's not modern and "fancy" like other places like subway or Quiznos. It's sort of like in the movies where a person ventures out into the middle of nowhere and finds a diner with good food and service.The word that comes to mind is definitely NOT the word "ghetto." Ghetto? Joy, girl, do you know what the GHETTOS really looks like? lol
4	I love this place, #13 is one of the best Italian subs in the Charlotte area*. I grew up in Matthews so I have been eating here for about a quarter of a century back to when it was the K-Mart/Kroger parking lot. The owner and his daughters are incredibly quick on the slicers and can tear through the long lunch lines that they have for obvious reasons. I personally don't smell the smoke anymore but remember when it was a smoking restaurant so that may be a viable complaint. I also remember them having beer but I think that was a long time ago.*The others were "Deli Queen" in Spanish Trace near McAlpine and "Sub One" in 4th Ward.
