4	Healthy, delicious spa cuisine served for breakfast and lunch tucked away in a spa oasis from the hustle and bustle of Vegas. Located off the lobby of the Canyon Ranch Spa at The Venetian, the decor here is casual yet nice. I had a great breakfast of smoked turkey hash with a poached egg here. Their breakfast menu includes whole wheat pancakes and a variety of omelets amongst other things.
3	Tired of eating overly salted, heavy food?  Order some tasty spa cuisine from the Canyon Ranch Cafe.  The portions are typically small, and prices are just okay for Vegas (i.e., I had three chicken potstickers, the turkey and curry soup, an ahi tuna sandwich, a smoothie and a peach sparkler for about $42, not including tip).  Oh yeah, I also ordered a bagel to go because I was still hungry.  At least it was a nice change of pace...
4	This place is great for the calorie conscious person (like me). I had breakfast twice here (sweet potato waffles...yum) and ordered a take-out lunch (bison burger, surprisingly yummy).  The place is open from 7am-6pm and its a nice casual place to eat after working out and hanging out at the spa. Wish they included their menu in the room service though.
5	This is a great place to start out a day in Las Vegas. For one thing, the breakfasts are delicious and they keep all the day's newspapers around for customers to read. But when you know you've got a day of overindulgence ahead of you (and let's be honest, it's Vegas, you do), how nice to start things out with a healthy and chilled-out meal. Also, this is probably the only place in Las Vegas I could describe as "quiet." And get some cookies to go on your way out-they're delicious and it's Vegas, so you deserve it!
5	The Canyon Ranch Cafe is a really relaxing way to start your day - or to recover from a hangover! It's also a nice change from say, going to the Grand Lux, where it seems everything comes in huge portions. Absolutely agree with Jennifer H that this is one of the few quiet places in the hotel. Just sit at the counter, have one of their great omelettes with a coffee, grab one of their newspapers, and chat with their always friendly staff. Great tasting food, reasonable, healthy, portions. Go workout at the SpaClub, then after breakfast, walk out to the 4th floor pools at the Venetian. Your day doesn't get any better than that :-)
5	Always have breakfast here. Nowhere else compares.
5	Yes, Yes, Yes!!!!!!!!!Finally a place I can stand eating in Vegas!!!All organic, they had stevia and the food is fantastic!!I had the sweet potato waffles, side of poached eggs and side of Amy's sausage, fruit salad and a green tea.  Fantastic breakfast, great way to start the day and I am definitely eating here again!
4	this place was my go-to spot when i was hungry this week. i tried both breakfast (twice) and lunch (once) in a span of 4 days.i highly recommend the steel cut oatmeal or the french toast for breakfast and the spinach with figs salad (top it off with grilled organic salmon) for lunch.
5	You do NOT have to be a guest at The Venetian or a guest at the spa to enjoy the yummmmmmy, organic, healthy, wholesome, fabulously delicious food at the Canyon Ranch cafe.  But this place is seriously a hidden gem.  You'll have to pass through security at one of the towers (just tell them where you're going and they'll let you by, if you're not already a guest), take the correct elevator (I can't remember which one but, just ask security), walk through an overpass, follow the signs to the spa and then walk through a long hall into the spa area.  The cafe is on the left once you hit the spa.  The cafe doesn't feel "Vegas" at all - it feels like some healthy organic foods cafe in Palo Alto or something.  If it weren't for the half-naked people walking around outside the cafe, you'd really think you were somewhere other than Vegas.  :)I ate:- Spinach & Fig salad- Grilled Ahi Tuna Sandwich- Housemade cookies. The fresh baked cookies alone are an additional star, they're ORGASMIC.  So. Dang. Good.  *drooool*Excellent service, attentive staff.  Always kept my glass full of water. A relaxing, quaint lil' place.  I actually did a little reading while I was there (yeah, I know, what am I doing reading in Vegas?!) and it did not feel out of place at all.  A truly delightful lil' escape.
4	I stayed in Vegas 3 nights--I also ate here 3 times during my stay.  I was pretty hooked.  It's way off the main strip, and by the spa, which means it's quiet, and if you're like me, after a long day/night on the strip, you'll want to relax & unwind while eating.  There's not a single LCD screen or flashing light, beeping noise in the joint.  The service is quick, especially if you sit at the bar.  The portions are moderate, and the food is by far the healthiest to be found in Vegas.  However,  this is still a little pricy given the small portions, and while everything is "very good", nothing is really, really hit-you-over the head great.  Here's what I ate:-salad with figs, organic spinach, and chicken-whole wheat berry pancakes and a mango smoothie (no icecream added)-whole wheat turkey wrap with goat cheese & sundried tomatoes, bran muffinAs an added plus, it's right by the Venetian pool, so you can lounge outdoors & dip your toes afterwards
3	Tell you what.  Healthy Organic Food is bland as hell and boring.  haha with that said, If youre a hippy health junkie, this place is for you.  Perfect after getting a great massage at the Canyon Ranch Spa, you come to drink healthy juices and snacks.  They dont leave salt shakers on the table!!!  Im into eating healthy too, ehem (sometimes) but no sodium?!  come on!!  I ordered a organic chicken quesadilla, and it was the blandest meal ever.  Healthy doesnt mean unseasoned.  The waiter asked me if i wanted some salsa and guacamole for my quesadilla, i said sure, and noticed that they charge for that too.  Its strange.  btw, the guac is not real guac, its a smashed avocado.I would try their breakfast next time, but Im not going to be running back over here, thats for sure
5	Seriously, this is my favorite brunch place on the strip.  I can't find anything wrong with it, except maybe the secluded location.  Okay, not even that, because that ensures that the place won't be too packed.  I LOVE how they list all their menu items with the caloric information and fat grams so you can make an informed decision.  My personal favorite is the Thai-Style French Toast with tangerine ginger syrup and a cup (ten cups?) of black decaf coffee. Only 305 calories, folks! Oh, how I wish there was a Canyon Ranch Cafe back here in LA.  The fresh fruit bowl was a bit pricey for fruit ($7), but hey, it's Vegas.  At least they chopped everything up into neat little cubes (like, really little) in case the customers are too hungover to properly chew their food. I  did try a couple of other dishes, and everything had plenty of flavor without killing my tastebuds like most restaurants out there.   Also, the service is amazing; with the way they were refilling my coffee cup, I'm sure I got a bit more caffeine than I bargained for.  For people who don't want to leave Vegas five pounds heavier, this is the place to dine!
3	Any place that lets me eat in nothing but a robe and slippers gets a plus in my book!  I tend to have a severe aversion to anything "healthy", but was pleasantly surprised by how tasty their bbq salmon and potstickers were.  I also enjoyed their homemade almond sorbet... very very good!  It was a perfectly light (and convenient) meal to have right before my massage appointment.
5	I'm a breakfast eater. It's my favorite meal, at any time of the day. I stayed at the Bellagio for a friend's wedding. The restaurants there are expensive, so my friend (ever the researcher)  found the Canyon Ranch Spa. We didn't stay at the Venetian, we didn't go to the spa there, but we did enjoy the breakfast.We shared the oatmeal--complete with all the yummies that go with it. We also shared the sweet potato waffles. Sweet potato waffles! They were thin, not the big fluffy Belgian waffles I was expecting. They were light and tasty. The whole meal was tasty and felt very healthy as well. The price was very decent, considering where we were.
4	The world needs more places like this: Healthy, gourmet-inspired meals with full disclosure of calories and fat so that you know what you're getting into. Every item on the menu is paired with its nutritional info, and for those times when you don't need to gorge yourself with pizza-sized pancakes for breakfast, this is the perfect match.What we had:three-egg-white omelet with cheese, chicken, spinach, and a side of toast and potatoes--Very tasty and satisfying.  Pancakes with blueberry syrup--smallish pancakes but were good nonetheless. Also, the coffee was excellent as was our service. We'll definitely be back during our next Vegas trip.
5	Trying to eat healthy in Vegas is not an easy feat.  Especially when there are so many excellent fine dining establishments beckoning you with their celebri-chefs and tantalizing food creations.  So, my sister and I decided that at least we could be good during breakfast.  We wandered around the Venetian in the AM looking for something healthy yet satisfying.  Breakfast pastries, danishes and croissants oh my!  Not even an apple could be found.  What is a girl to do?Canyon Ranch Cafe to the rescue!  We were so lucky to find this gem.  The first morning I ordered a fruit salad and wheat toast with fresh squeezed apple juice.  So good!  The second morning (because once was not enough) I ordered the Thai Style French Toast with tangerine ginger syrup.  Excellent!  Underneath the description of each item on the menu is a listing of calories, fat grams and fiber grams.  How cool is that!  Plus they are really big on serving fresh and organic foods.  Very important in my book.  I will definitely be back the next time I'm in Vegas!
4	Came to vegas on a girls only trip.  Or else, I would not have eaten here.  Unless the guys were femme or girly or health nuts or gym nuts.  This just isn't a very guy place, or at least not the guys I know.  It's for the health conscious, the calorie counter, the yoga zen ppl.I say that because the stuff is (mostly?) organic.  The calories of each entree are marked on the menu, and the fat and fiber content.  I got the turkey wrap, which had a good blend of cheese, tomato, thicker cut turkey ham.  The turkey ham could have been a little more moist. Friends raved about the turkey dog, wasabi pita thing.  Who knew you could find healthy in vegas.
4	Why does healthy food have to come in small portions?  Sigh.  I'd need to eat like, three omelettes, two oatmeals, and six pancakes here to be full! The food here is very good, though one of the reviewers complained that the food is bland.  'Tis true, but I'm sensitive to over salting, so I didn't mind.We came in around 11ish, which is the hazy window between bfast and lunch. . .and me loving breakfast and my friend loving burgers, it was perfect timing.  I ordered the three egg white omelette with spinach, chicken sausage, organic cheese and tomatoes while my boyfriend got the burger with artichoke fries.  Since we stayed at the Palazzo, we had a coupon for free drinks and appetizers, so we ordered the ceviche and crab cakes as appetizers.Crab Cakes:  Baked instead of fried.  Barely any batter, all crab but not very crispy.  It was still very good though.Ceviche: Ceviche tastes like sashimi fish squeezed over with lemon in salsa.  It was good though. . .very fresh and tart.Burger:  Tasty but it was just a bit bigger than Terrace Pointe's kobe beef slider (aka it was smaller than a MCD's Happy Meal hamburger).  The asparagus fries weren't fried at all, and since the oil is needed to make the batter stick to the vegetable, a lot of the batter (which looked like sand colored dust) fell onto the plate.  It was interesting, but I wasn't a fan of it.Omelette:  Yum, nothing's better than an egg white omelette.  It was very tasty, juicy, had lots of flavor, and the cheese gave it a depth of creaminess to it. But the potatoes that came with the meal were not pan fried. . .I don't even know what they did to it.  The texture and taste of it was off.  The fruit was very sour but I still ate it all.Overall, not bad.  I think I'd come here again, especially since they give you (for most of the items on the menu) Calorie, fat, and fiber content.  Guilt free eating?  I'm all up for it!
4	Canyon Ranch = Heaven in my book.. if you enjoy a healthy lifestyle, you'll like the food at Canyon Ranch Cafe.  It seems a bit out of place in Vegas, but at least if you're in Vegas partying it up, you have a place for breakfast or lunch to balance out the unhealthy drinking and eating with some natural, organic, healthy options.  It's not for everyone, but I was able to enjoy a couple of meals at this cafe during my weekend stay at the Venetian.  Portions may be on the smaller side, but the food is filling and it will fuel you for whatever is on the agenda for the rest of the day/night... I had granola and yogurt and a poached egg one morning, and I had vegetarian lettuce wraps for a late lunch on another day.  (I took it to go and ate poolside).  I also had a smoothie as a snack one day... Prices are moderate (for Vegas) - everything else is so damn expensive that it almost seems cheap to eat at Canyon Ranch.  I didn't make it to their newer location at the Palazzo; hopefully next time!And attention to those in charge: I'd welcome a Canyon Ranch Cafe closer to home in the Phoenix area!
3	the roasted tomato basil soup was delicious, but everything else was meh. i had the fish tacos and they were so bland i had to add hot sauce and salt. the sprouted grain tortilla was really dry. my friend's sweet potato waffles were dry and hard as well, although dipping it in syrup helped. it all tasted too healthy, if that makes sense. i feel like food can be good for you without tasting obviously so. portions are definitely on the smaller side so take note if you have a big appetite, or worked up one from the spa.
5	Anyone that says you can't eat healthy in Vegas is either not looking hard enough or is not wanting to do so. Part of Canyon Ranch Spa, the cafe is a surprising oasis of organic, healthy, well-priced, delicious food. The cafe is located inside where else...the Venetian (sorry, it's the best property in Vegas). Seats about 50-70 people and is pretty no frills when it comes to the decor which suits its mission. After all, it's about the food not the flair.Their breakfast is great and very well-priced. Organic eggs are a plus and as far as I know they're the only place on the strip that offers them. Portion size is not massive, but again, they are going for the healthy lifestyle so didn't be upset if you leave and your gut isn't busting. Organic teas and juices are also available and delicious.I think more places like this in Vegas would do quite well. Not everyone that goes to Vegas wants to gorge themselves on prime rib and lobster...just 99% of them.
4	Canyon Ranch is a great place to eat healthy in Vegas.  It's reasonably priced, the food is tasty, and all the menu items have their calorie counts listed so it's easy to make informed decisions about what you eat.  That said, it's overwhelmingly healthy.  I don't mind this, and in fact, appreciate it quite a bit, but I went with several friends and we didn't know that it was a health-conscious joint.  A friend whose diet consists of the food groups "meat" and "chocolate" was not satisfied by his lean bison burger (though I imagine the manliness of saying "I had bison for lunch today" would make up for the sacrifice of bleeding cow-burger at least a little).  My lean mean ahi poke was fantastic, and Canyon Ranch provides a nice oasis from all the gluttonous vice around.  I'd definitely go again, but it isn't for everyone.
2	Wow, after reading the other reviews, I am now wondering if I just caught them on a bad day. Hmm....The space is odd, even for Vegas, and I don't mean in a typically odd Vegas way either. It feels like a hospital cafe, or an airport cafe, or a junior college cafe, or anywhere that isn't known for food that happens to have a cafe. A very odd, sterile atmosphere indeed.  Didn't care for it one bit.Our server was very luke warm, much like the coffee. He did bring me new coffee after I said something, but it was obvious we were irritating him by being there. I guess the feeling was mutual. I had the turkey hash which had zero flavor or texture, save for the fact that the potato chunks were totally undercooked and very 'al dente'. I wasn't a fan. I doused the whole thing with tobasco to make it edible. My other half had the blueberry pancakes and liked them, although they were so tiny you had to rub your eyes and look again to make sure they were still there on the plate. Come on guys, this is the '00's! Healthy doesn't have to mean tiny or flavorless. Honestly though, who goes to Vegas to eat healthy?? We should have known better (actually we had a coupon). This place is better left to the health nuts and anorexics.
4	"The" healthy and cost effective way to dine (bfast or lunch) while at the Venetian or Palazzo. Very normal portions, good options for vegetarians, and the best part are the fresh juices.
5	I'm a total fan of this cafe.  Situated at the reception of the Spa, this place serves you a nice selection of healthy, organic options.  Which is a nice breath of fresh air considering everything in Vegas can leave you feeling like you weigh an extra 10 lbs.  I've been here twice and each time, i order their daily breakfast wrap.  It never lets me down.  They also give you a sample of their daily smoothie and everything is just perfect to your liking.  The sauces, extras, etc..they all come on the side.  The only downfall is the limited hours.  Otherwise, if you can make it there for breakfast or brunch, please do...
4	After working out in the afternoon and enjoying their spa facilities ...  it's nice to eat at a place where you can both enjoy and be guilt free about the meal. We had breakfast every morning during our stay in Vegas.  The food was healthy and tasty. The decor is also modern and a nice break if you want to escape the casino floor sensory overload. We tried every most of the breakfast items and among three people with two meals - no one had a compliant.  The price is moderate and the portions were perfect  - which means if you are looking to stuff your gills you need to go to a buffet and not the health cafe.  The service was attentive yet not overbearing.  There was a mistake on my tea selection but it was quickly corrected with mutilple apologies.  I will definitely be back if I am staying at the Venetian or the Palazzo.
5	A wonderful respite from the huge, tasteless portions of unhealthy food at many of the other hotel restaurants. Canyon Ranch Cafe features mainly organic and locally sourced ingredients, including free-range eggs and grass fed beef - personally I think when you start with good quality ingredients it's hard to go wrong.  The food here is outstanding and I'm so glad I stumbled across it (thanks Twitter!)... they'll deliver to you while you're enjoying a spa service.  Fresh squeezed orange, carrot and ginger juice - YUM...  Wild ahi tuna sandwhich, OMG... Can't wait to try it for breakfast as room service here at the Palazzo is just terrible.
2	A few weeks ago my mom and I spent the night at the Palazzo, attached to which is the mega-spa Canyon Ranch. Since I'd had a leftover gift certificate from the spa with $30 remaining on it, I decided to go downstairs and have a healthy breakfast at their cafe, while she enjoyed the toasted bagel and cream cheese ($4) she sent me down to a hotel coffee shop to get for her as she got ready. I sat at the counter reading the Vogue magazine I tried to conceal as I waited for the mushroom frittata ($14) I ordered. When it arrived, I was in love with the presentation. I have a weakness for dishes/kitchenware/anything that is manufactured in miniature proportions, so the little cast iron ramekin filled with puffed golden brown eggs that were studded with mushrooms immediately pleased my eyes. Then I took a bite. Not only were the eggs as hard as rocks but they were completely devoid of flavor and the accompanying potatoes were terribly undercooked. Being the high maintenance woman I am (when it comes to food), I sent it back and tried my Vegas luck with the breakfast relleno ($13). This was a poblano pepper stuffed with organic eggs and chorizo topped with low-fat cheese over polenta. This was much better, however, no matter how hard I tried to like it (and I really did try), after a few initial piping hot bites the flavor started to take a turn for the worse and I was reminded of its uber-heathiness. I enjoy healthy food, in fact I love it, but I don't believe in eating something healthy if you don't think it tastes great, or if it is over-priced. So, I consumed my two small cups of decent fresh fruit dressed in lemon juice, asked for the check, and headed back to the room to share my mom's more satisfying bagel.
2	First of all, don't be fooled into thinking this is a restaurant!  It's a bar with some lounge chairs situated next to the spa.  The food is mediocre at best and is pricey for what you get, even by Las Vegas standards.  The food is healthy, which is a nice change for Vegas, but this place is only good for a quick bite on the way out of the spa -- a restaurant it is not!
4	I know of the canyon ranch mind body and soul philosophy from my past experiences of living in the berkshires (google it)   I had little fear that their smoothies would be top quality.  I have made this a once a week spot to get a really good smoothy at a slightly steep price.  (worth it in my opinion)  The last thing I want to see going into my smoothie is frozen fruit with that weird sugar/chunks of fruit ice that comes with... Everytime my smoothie is made here, it is from fresh fruit with organic fruit juices and a small slice of TLC... haha.  I definitely approve, and you should find out why!  :)
4	After reading a bunch of reviews where folks complained about small portions, imagine my surprise when my bowl of yogurt turns out to be as big as my head. The yogurt and granola and fruit was awesome, though.Quick little deli-counter-like setup with friendly staff and decent prices. Good for a quick breakfast or brunch; not a place where you'd linger.
3	We went here for breakfast on Saturday.  We had the breakfast burrito  $13 and the french toast $12.  The small portion was good for breakfast, but the set up and service could use some improvements.I can't believe we spent $38 for breakfast and coffee
5	Thank you for being a respite from The Strip, my little Cafe.You were hard to find; I almost lost it looking for your elevator between two shops along the Grand Canal, but when we finally made it upstairs to your light filled atrium, I knew it was all worth it.The free coffee refills didn't hurt either.Your food was fresh, healthy and delicious.  Sprouted Wheat Bagel!  Yes, I think I will.  House made granola was a delight; and a good portion too!  Tofu breakfast sandwich was on the small side, but looked and tasted delishous.  And what a lovely fruit cup it came with!  $30 all in isn't terrible,  and with real food in our bellies, we lasted until Happy Hour.  Of course, it was 11am when we ate breakfast, but you know how it goes.So, thank you, cafe, for being such a sweet surprise.  I will be seeing you again.
2	We hit up the cafe after our treatments for lunch. It was ok, nothing stellar. We started with the satay and you got 2 pieces of chicken for $8 and I had the pesto pasta and it was a bit on the mushy side, definitely not al dente and the pesto was watery. I'd go elsewhere for better lunch options.
2	We're staying at Ceasar's palace and decided to walk over to try the breakfast due to all the good reviews, big mistake.When you walk into the shoppes at the Venetian, you will be stopped by tour salespeople every 5 mins trying to sell you something.  It's like when you exit the airport in Cancun or Cabo and you're bumrushed by timeshare sharks.  Then you have to walkthru their rooms on the 4th floor to the spa, that's where the cafe is, in the spa.As if that's not ingenious itself, there's no wait service.  You order at the counter and wait for the food to be brought over.  They're understaffed, I even over heard them say so, so expect to wait to put your order in and wait some more for the overpriced food.  Oh yea, we ordered 2 breakfast sandwitches and 2 coffees for $40.The portion is tiny, don't expect to get full but you can expect the feeling of being ripped off, bigtime...  We saw 3 ppl sit down and walked right out.  We should have followed.I would recommend this place only for those staying in the hotel, want something extra light and don't mind spending alot of money.
4	A hidden treasure.  To find this place, go up the guest elevators (and tell the man you're heading to the Spa or this restaurant to be clear).  Once you get to the designated floor, you'll pass a hallway with rooms, and then enter the spa area.  This restaurant is bright and the area exits into the pool if you want a peek (the Venetian and Palazzo pools join if you take a walk...).The food was healthy and delicious.  Had a bite of the breakfast burrito and the breakfast sandwich.  The fruit was cut up and served in a small cup with a few drips of orange juice.  Genius, and tasty idea.  The pomegranate smoothie was great (but $5 for that size was too much - I could go to jamba juice and get something larger in size).  The location is lovely, it was quiet and obviously done clean and simple for the people heading to the spa; a great getaway from crowded breakfast places in Vegas.
2	Breakfast with emphasis on healthy and organic options, otherwise very limited choice and selection.
3	$40 for breakfast!!!!  Holy cow...we were sticker shocked.  I'm an advocate of health food, but we ordered at the bar (which is required)....a breakfast burritto, coffee, orange juice, smoothie and a breakfast sandwhich.  Those items for $40?  The food was good, but not THAT good.
5	I saw this place on my way to the pool to the Palazzo and after checking out the menu I decided I just had to try it. I had the Caribbean French toast which was whole wheat brioche bread topped with fresh banana slices and diced pineapple. Yummm! It was everything I wanted + more. My sister had their Healthy Elvis which was also a whole wheat brioche with peanut butter and grilled bananas. I didn't try it but she loved it. The prices weren't so bad and the location was so convenient. How often do you get to enjoy french toast by the pool?
3	It's just Ok. We had the breakfast burrito and blueberry pancakes. It was "healthy", but not incredibly good. Fruit cup and smoothie were fantastic, but I don't think I'd bother going again.
3	Pros:Excellent wafflesGood smoothiesGood vegetarian tofudillaLess greasy foodCons:Difficult to find the location (patience levels are tested when you are hungry)No ambience, need to order at the window and are then seated with a table number
2	UPDATE:  They no longer have sweet potato waffles or free coffee refills.  After reading reviews and advice on how to find this place, we did find it but it was a real let down.  It is a small area between the halls of Venetian the hotel room and the spa.  Reminds me more of something you'd find in an airport than a Vegas spa.  The food was fine, but not worth the effort.
4	This restaurant is hard to find, but I would say worth the search for health conscious patrons.  Reasonably priced health-centric alternative to the numerous beffets.
4	Great place for breakfast or lunch in Venetian of Palazzo Hotel complex. Food good. Just like Canyon Ranch a reprieve from all the Vegas scene. Good very good and great dishes. Highly recommend.
5	The freshest breakfast and healthiest food you'll find in Vegas on the strip!We sat each morning at the bar, so I dont know what the experience is like sitting in the restaurant. Make sure to get served by Daniela and you'll want to post a 5 star review, if you go with the tall guy with brown thick hair there you'll be posting a 3 star. He's a hostle covertly friendly guy. Stay away from him.The smoothies are amazing! The omlets are delicious! They even have gluten free bread for toast. It's a super friendly place for people with allergies or dietary restrictions or those who just want to be healthy. And seriously after a night of drinking who doesnt. haha.
4	Small, healthy portions provided with plenty of fruit and water.  This place was a mystery to find, but once we located it, we had the place to ourselves.  Coffee was strong, and I had the burrito which was delicious and small (calories on the menu).  I don't think that's a bad thing in this city devoted to over-indulgence.  My wife liked the Tofu scramble, and we both would go back!
4	Great place to have breakfast... actually I think it may be the only place to have breakfast... in Palazzo. I was hoping to get some tasty treats at the Bouchon bakery while taking a mid-morning break in our girls shopping day but then I realized that it was way on the other side of Venetian. So I pulled out my trusty Yelp app and found this place. I was a little nervous because it said it was part of the spa but actually even though it is on the fourth floor and adjacent to the spa entrance, it is completely separate. Most people there appeared to be tourists just having brunch. I am sure that some of them may have been doing a spa day but no one was sitting around in a bathrobe with mud on their face or anything.My sisters ordered wraps and I didn't try any of their meals but they all seemed to like them. As for me, I ordered the breakfast relleno and it was fantastic. I have lived in the southwest almost my whole life but I have never had anything quite like this.  It was basically scrambled eggs with chorizo (the Mexican kind that is crumbled like ground beef, not the Spanish hard sausage) stuffed inside a large steamed Poblano chili and the whole thing was served atop a bed of soft, creamy polenta.  It was delicious! I was so happy that the chili was not battered and fried like most chili rellenos are.  It actually had a really sweet flavor to it that was perfect for a breakfast dish. And the chorizo was not greasy at all. I did not think it tasted like a soy product but if it is real meat then it must be made out of the leanest pork money can buy since it had all the flavor of chorizo but none of the grease. In fact, the whole dish had only 330 calories and 14 grams of fat (they had the stats on the menu) which is about the same as one of the meals I would eat when I was on Jenny Craig except that it tasted like 1,000 times better.  It also came with a side cup of fruit that I barely touched since I got so full.  So that tells you they have good portion sizes, too.  Not huge and overflowing like most breakfast places but not so small that you leave hungry.Even though this was a spa cafe with a healthy menu this is Vegas so they did also have a full bar. Three of us got Bloody Marys and agreed that they were excellent.  Very light and fresh tasting. They also had a good peppery kick that I really liked. My friend ordered one of their $7 specialty organic cocktails which she said was tasty but weak. So we all had a good meal here and enjoyed ourselves. The service was not memorable but adequate. I loved my food and drink so much I may have actually given them five stars if the ambiance was a little nicer. Since it is next to the spa I was expecting a zen atmosphere with decor composed of organic materials and maybe a water feature. But it was just a dining room like any other hotel breakfast place. It could have even passed for a Denny's.  I know they are a little of the beaten path but I think if they spruced it up a little they could be more of a destination spot. But I do recommend it if you are in the Palazzo hotel and want a yummy, healthy, and affordable breakfast or lunch.
1	I thought this cafe would be decent, since it's at the Venetian pool, but it was disappointing. The cashier was rude to my group, ad he even tried to turn us away. I ordered the fruit, yogurt, and granola and it was bland and watery. I was told that there would be pineapple, apples, grapes, and mixed berries but there weren't any pineapples, and I only had one blackberry and one blueberry in my bowl. I ate less than half of my meal and I had to pay $9 for it. Not eating here again, that's for sure.
4	Las Vegas unapologetically caters to the glutton. Who can blame them. It's the city that is built on sinning in every which way. However, every once in a while, you want food that makes you feel good rather than just tastes good.This place has organic food, tofu scramble, fresh squeezed orange juice (not fresh squeezed orange juice from a bottle. Yeah, I know you other people. Just because it was 'once' fresh squeezed, it gets sold as fresh squeezed.) The berry pancakes were great. It was nice seeing the swim suit bottoms of cute girls sliding on to the bar stools from the nearby spa. Good breakfast/brunch food.
4	What I like about it...- Convenient: right next to the gym so we can get breakfast before we workout.- The bar area: which seems to expedite the process even more.- Organic: still hard to find for some reason, but not at Canyon Ranch.This is not your typical Vegas over the top restaurant.  You will get smaller, but high quality portions and is a great start to a day after a long night.
4	Oasis of calm in the PalazzoThis is a nice little cafe next to the gym in the Palazzo. Great place for healthy breakfast or lunch. Ended up having breakfast here every day after working out on my last trip to Vegas. It is expensive - but hey, it's Vegas!
5	Best food in Vegas. All natural, fresh, healthy, and tasty!
5	YUM!  very fresh and healthy menu.  I felt like it suited the spa perfectly and their mantra of whole life health.  The food despite being healthy was still very tasty!  I was pleasantly surprised.  highly suggested to go check it out.  Very vegetarian friendly as well so that earned it another star in my book!
4	The Service?  Stellar.  The food?  Equally as good.  This was a delightful surprise during a recent trip to Vegas.Why eat at a spa when you can eat at all the finest restaurants?  Well that's just the reason.  After days of indulgence, my body was saying "No more" so I thought I would sidle up to the smoothie bar here and see what else they might have for a hungry girl tired of all the pomp and circumstance that Vegas restaurants deliver on.Hmmm . . . .I thought as I pondered the menu.  Gluten free black bean chili with pico de gallo?  Sounds perfect.  And at only 155 calories it was the perfect detox lunch.  Pair it with one of their smoothies and it's a great meal.On another day I had their burger, sans the bun, with extra tomatoes that they gladly supplied.  A perfect lunch.  The other good thing is if you like the food- most of the recipes can be found on their website so that you can replicate them at home.  Even if you don't go to the spa- this is located right out side of the gym and on the way to the pool so it is convenient for all.If you need a break from all the indulgences that Vegas has to offer- look no further than the Canyon Ranch Cafe.
2	It was expensive for the small portions of food. It was a hard location to find. I would recommend this place for someone who is watching what they eat but not what they spend. The fruit was drenched in a pineapple guava juice that was off putting. The burrito was as big as one of my hands. However, the raisin walnut french toast was good.
5	The Canyon Ranch Cafe is located inside the Venetian Hotel. The food and service were both excellent. My lobster roll was fantastic. I was also surprised by the low prices of the food. It is a 5 Star restaurant. I give it an A+ rating. By Gregg L. Friedman MD, Psychiatrist, Hallandale Beach, FL
3	I really wanted to give this place 4 stars but the service on day 1 and day 2 was so bad that I just would not do Yelpers justice.Food is very good if you are like me and cannot eat greasy, fatty foods. definitely high quality, healthy options. Plus you can hit this place on your way out from the gym after your morning workout.The bar staff on our last day was great- wish we tried that instead of actually sitting down as would have had much better experience.And you can run into Tim Allen there as well.
1	Walked to entrance and there was no one there, no one eating and just didn't seem warm at all. Maybe if I was at spa this place might have been appealing.
5	Food is great. Bartender Armando is exceptional. Very nice guy and personable. Main reason why my family and I kept coming back in. Makes great drinks and always recommends the right thing
3	Thank goodness for the Canyon Ranch breakfasts. While staying in the Palazzo, we enjoyed breakfast at Canyon Ranch every day. They were very accommodating about dietary restrictions and answered questions. Also, they had no problem with my ordering just side dishes.Husband loved the mushroom and cheddar omelette, and the eggs over easy with truffle oil and spinach and leeks were fantastic. Nice strong hot coffee or green tea were served with a variety of milks (but I like mine black).Service was excellent. Water glasses were never empty. Coffee was topped off regularly, and after we'd finished our meal, waiter offered to put more coffee in a to-go cup if we wanted.
5	Great place for organic fare at a fair price. We went for breakfast and I had the Caribbean French Toast which was great. Had a smoothie, which was good. The coffee is organic, and fantastic! The place is a little hard to find, but is located on the 3rd floor of the Palazzo.
3	This place's appeal is waning a bit for me.  I do still love that it's on the way to the gym, many of the products are organic or fair trade, and the service is friendly (albeit sometimes a bit slow).  However, some of the food seems to lack flavor, which is a bummer.  I will continue to grab a small bite before heading to the gym, but if it's a non-rushed or more substantial breakfast I'm looking for, I will head elsewhere.
5	Best fresh made fruit smoothies in town, create your own and add greens! This is an oasis in this busy town.
5	Amazing natural oasis in the city of sin food.  Went for breakfast Sunday morning at 9, only a few people there. No smoke smell. Ordered eggs, bacon, and potatoes. Great for gluten free, had items marked on menu. Even had almond milk for a latte! And internet for my tablet.  Was same price as my hotel's buffet and way higher quality.
5	I love fatty foods... I always eat the skin off EVERYTHING... bacon... tripe.... tendon.... you get the picture.  So surprisingly I absolutely love Canyon Ranch Cafe.  You don't even realize you're eating healthy.  The food is delicious, beautifully presented, and HEALTHY.  I even bought the cookbook.... which deserves 5 stars of it own.  Simple, easy, healthy, and very tasty.  My favorite is the lamb chop recipe with a pomegranate molasses.
1	Don't waste your time or money on this place. Message was good. I was there with my cousins and was paying for everything and they completely forgot about me in the resting area. They had already finished they're pedicures and quite frankly could care less.I am in Vegas quite often and I would NEVER go back.
5	Fresh, organic food. Robes optional next to spa! When are hungover and craving something healthy without smoke. Head to this restaurant. Healthy delish breakfast.
4	3.5-4 stars. I've been here twice in the last 10 years and I've enjoyed both times. The facilities are huge and service is good. I get massages frequently and the services here are above average.
1	Manicures and pedicures are horrible. The water is cold for pedis and they don't even have massage chairs... I get massage chairs with a 25 how do I not get one at a place that charges 50 plus for a pedi. I've had a better 13 dollar manicure in New York, the hand lotion they use does nothing for your skin and your hands come out looking dry. All they do so dunk your hands in this terrible cuticle remover liquid and then push them back which makes your hands dryer than they already are. To top it all off  they also use weird polish that goes on streaky and not uneven. I give them one star because the staff is really nice and pleasant, I wish they just had better services. Avoid this salon for manis and pedis at all cost unless you like wasting money.
2	This is for the cafe. The wraps are overpriced for something that can finished in 3 bites. Ugh! Wish I knew!! The only thing that's worth the $12 is the burger and breakfast sandwich. Not worth the money n the journey to find breakfast food.
1	Food was bland, tasteless,  and extremely small. The fruit given to is had more taste.
5	Not to be confusing...this is the spot behind the spa.  It's a serious walk to get there.  Through a looooong hallway.  But at the end of that hall is a little bit of healthy heaven in Vegas.I'm pregnant and was in need of something that would not make my sugars spike or harm my little one.  I had been to this spot before and took the long trip to walk there.The one thing that really makes me happy here, is that the staff is so willing to just make you happy.  Are the prices high?  Yes.  Are the portions small?  Well to some yes but they are HEALTHY portions and you really shouldn't eat more than what they give you.  But the service....they just will custom make anything you need.  And they listen...to any health need or issue.  I feel like I'm taken care of here.I had questions on how some of the smoothies and juices are made and they explained everything as if I was standing in the kitchen with them lol.I had a perfectly healthy breakfast and I can't thank them enough for existing.  No where else in Vegas would you get this type of healthy food and specialized service.  Heck they even wrapped my "to go" items specially so they would last a few hours.Well worth the trip!
