1	Find another loan officer, quickly.My loan officer not only was condescending and rude (at lunch I'd have her on speakerphone so I had witnesses to her attitude, her interruptions, and her inconsistencies), but forgot several key elements that held up my close.  She did not order the appraiser who mandated repairs be made to come back, she never let me know the charges of the appraisals until after my card was charged without my permission, she sent me to the underwriter without ever reading the report that stated that several documents were missing and then blamed it on someone else, then finally was so rude with me I hung up on her, called my realtor, and told him if she contacted me again I was reporting her to the board.Today, I get notice that my homeowner's policy she arranged with an insurance company CANCELED my policy (a condition of my mortgage) and is sending me the refund of the difference.  Apparently my loan officer dropped that ball, too.I was told several times that without her, I'd be "dead in the water" due to a bankruptcy eight years ago and a late student loan payment four years after that (due to a divorce and frozen assets), and that without her, I wouldn't have a loan.  Odd--I then talked to two other loan officers at two other places who couldnt understand why the loan officer had me pay $30 for court docs NONE of them needed b/c it was EIGHT years ago, and after seven, no one really looks at it.  She was incompetent, I still continue to have to deal with the pieces from her dropping the ball, she was rude, she cost me money and time.  Oh--and even after the delay of escrow, where I did not get occupancy, guess who didn't adjust the interest??  You guessed it.  When your realtor has to go down to the office to try to fix things, you know you have a bad deal.  Go elsewhere. Anywhere.
5	Work with Danna H. in West Las Vegas and Mike D. in East Las Vegas @ SNMC! You won't be disappointed, they are both very knowledgable. Clearly Rom S. didn't work with the right loan officer and the Realtors in her transaction are as much to blame as SNMC. You work with a Realtor so these issues do not surprise you through the loan funding and closing process. If your Realtor doesn't have a known associate to go to at a title company and mortgage company, why are you working with them?I interview all professional associates before deciding whether or not to include them in any transaction. Each mortgage company has a varying group of agents who do business on their behalf, younger loan officers obviously have less experience than seasoned loan officers. When choosing who you work with it is important to know their experience level and if they are inexpereienced, who is working with them to ensure the on the job learning doesn't come at the expense of a customer. The team at Security National Mortgage has taken care of many clients for us without any of the issues Rom had. Sorry to hear you had this experience Rom!
