4	This business has just opened.  They are currently in a "soft opening".  The menu is limited for the soft opening, but from what I understand, the owners are into "health" and use great, healthy ingredients and plan to expand the menu soon.  All dishes seem to come with an option to order a "spicy level" from 1 to 5, even if it is a dish that you wouldn't usually have spice with, so if you don't like spice ( like my wife ) don't just order level 1, because it will be spicy.  Naga is decorated very "hip" and has a late night cool place to hang out vibe to it.  We look forward to returning again very soon, as this is one of a very few good places to eat in our neighborhood.  We wish them all of the best of luck.
5	I love this place! My husband and I adore Thai food and we were anxiously awaiting the opening of Naga. We went in for lunch yesterday. I had a Thai ice tea, ( which was very good ) my husband ordered the Chicken Par Ram with peanut sauce ( the peanut sauce is organic )I ordered the Beef Pad Thai. Both entree's came with a soup and salad with your choice of 2 different dressings. 1 was a peanut based dressing and the other a Ginger base, it also came with these great little crunchy tid bits. The soup was a corn chowder that was so tasty! You. Can really taste the fine ingredients the use. The salads, for bring salads were great too. The entree's were of perfect portions and extremely delicious. I was sad that I couldn't eat all of it. Not only was the food on point but everyone that works there are extremely friendly and prompt. I'm big on customer service and this place really caters to their guests. I'm looking forward to going there on a weekly basis and hope this place stays around for a long time.
4	i loooove thai food and this place is pretty damn good. the staff is very friendly and the atmosphere is nice, kinda trendy! i just had the pork fried rice, but i loved it and i'm kinda picky with my fried rice. would definitely go there again!
4	Finally, Thai food in my neighborhood!  Not quite sure how I went oblivious to this restaurant's opening, but thanks to Yelp I'm oblivious no more.Naga is located on the north end of this strip mall, next to the frozen yogurt shop.  Hopefully they will have their signage and booze license soon, which will be accompanied by a true grand opening and expanded menu.  The restaurant itself is very modern and tastefully decorated...almost to the point of looking a little ultra-loungeish.  I was greeted promptly as I arrived and the service remained very attentive throughout my meal (Thanks Nan!).I started off with a Thai Iced Tea ($4), which was served in a large glass with crushed ice.  Followed up with the Beef Naga Salad ($8.50, I think), and finished up with the Chicken Pad Thai ($10).Thai Iced Tea was unremarkable.  I have had better and I have had worse.  I didn't find out whether they had free refills, but if they don't then the price is quite steep.The Beef Naga Salad is similar in flavor to a standar beef salad (yum nua), although the meat and vegetables to lettuce ratio was a little more westernized.  I really enjoyed this dish...it had a nice balance of flavors although the dressing was just slightly too sweet.  I ordered the dish at 4* (their highest spice level) and it had a pleasant, lingering heat that was not overpowering.The Chicken Pad Thai was quite respectable.  Flavor was good, although again just slightly too sweet, and portion was sizeable.Overall, I had a great initial experience at Naga and I will likely be a frequent diner once their full menu is up and running.  My main point of contention right now is their pricing.  The food is definitely above average, but the same or better can be had significantly cheaper elsewhere in town.  One saving grace, and I'm not sure if it will continue, is that their lunch specials are also available on the weekends...unusual, but awesome.  Regardless, I look forward to exploring the rest of their menu and I'm pretty darn excited to finally have a thai restaurant within five minutes of my house!
5	Excellent service, excellent food, decent prices. Restaurant is ultra modern and trendy and the owner is so friendly! I loved the chicken pad se ew (medium spicy level 2). George had the green curry chicken and the portions were huge! Definitely the best in Henderson and we're only 5-minutes away! It's a new restaurant so their signage isn't up yet---they're next to a froyo bar.
4	After a couple years of coming here, I must revamp my review. I am so pleased Naga's made it through their growing pains. The food is excellent! The staff like "Ink" and "Pam" are always welcoming and friendly. I've ordered several dishes and my favorites are the red curry with chicken, garlic black pepper chicken, Thai fried rice and drunken noodles. For some reason, the last times I've ordered the catfish special or crab special, or crab fried rice, we've had stomach aches. Probably issues with the seafood...specifically the crab.Atmosphere is elegant and tranquil. Food presentation is beautiful. Expect to wait for your food as the kitchen still needs to ramp up their speed, but well worth the wait.If this were a chain, it would be the PF Chang's of the Thai food world.
4	4.33 Stars!Okay, so I couldn't give them the whole row of stars but was tempted. Unfair to Naga that Thai restaurants within relatively close driving distance of Lotus of Siam will be graded on a bell curve. Quite the curve and when I say relatively close driving distance to L.O.S. I mean using any number of interstates to get there is sufficient. Been to Naga a number of times since their soft opening a few months back with some dudes from work. This was the first time we've dined here since they rolled out their new full menu. We all were pleased to see the vast variety of items offered along with a few items that we hadn't seen other places and we're curious about trying possibly in the near future. We all played it safe with ordering from the "Lunch Special" menu.  First impressions are pleasant. As you walk in you can't help but see the attention to detail in their decor. Your welcomed to a trendy yet not in an overbearingly ultra-loungy annoying way (I think I've heard the term "simple-sheik" used on the DIY Network once). Very good use of space as they have quite a few table-tops for the amount of space given without the feeling of claustrophobia. They have spared no expense to their look, even on down to the fresh flowers that adorn the center of each table. As a side note, their decor even lends itself to your post-meal entertainment as you frolic, I mean navigate, through the steal beaded curtain that separates the dining area from the restroom hallway. I've never had so much fun walking to the bathroom, but I digress. Service! The service is refreshing. The owner and our server greeted us very warmly as has been the case with every other visit. THIS visit however really solidified my contentment with Naga. On this visit we were the fortunate recipients of "The Four Spirits". What are the Four Spirits you might ask? Naga uses a spice rating for their food on a scale of 1-4. Each level of spice is represented by a spirit. For Example, 1 is represented with the title of "Sleeping Spirit" , 2=Walking Spirit, 3=Running Spirit and 4=Angry Spirit. The Four Spirits were presented to us in a sweet and sour sauce on a classy partitioned dish (see photo of The Four Spirits) as an appetizer along with fried wonton noodles to help you fight the urge from using your drink straw as a delivery device. Perfect and creative way to demonstrate their heat rating system. The trio of soup, salad and wonton noodles starts the meal off quite well. The Corn Soup is uniquely tasty and the ginger or peanut dressing on the salad brings a nice balance to the soup. Between  the three of us we ordered Yellow Curry, Pork Pad Kee Mao and Garlic Pepper Chicken. All three of us agreed the quality, freshness and distinctive taste of our meals were top-notch. Our drinks were refilled without request  and seemed to have a constant flow, which is a good thing since we always eat Thai food as an excuse to eat Prik Nam Pla (Thai peppers in Fish sauce). We looked for a negative and had a hard time really finding one. For a brief moment we thought that the portion size for lunch leaned more towards the small side but quickly realized our regular place spoils us tremendously and that we were gluttonous American's whose serving size equates to a large ethiopian village feast. Then we hobbled out the front door to our large vehicle stating that if we ate anything else we'd be in severe pain.
4	Yum! Would give them 5 stars if they were open Mondays.Lunch special is great, although their corn chowder soup isn't Thai, it's really tasty.
4	Service is excellent; the staff promptly comes to your table to check on you and to see if everything is ok. If you go to Lotus of Siam, "forget about it!" You will be lucky if they remember your order correctly or if you get a glass of water refilled. That restaurant is over rated and people need to take a second look at Naga. I have come to Naga every time I'm driving by the restaurant to be exact. Their salads are simply delicious, just that I am giving me 4 stars because I don't like my salads wet. I like them slightly dry. But Naga does deserve a 5!!All their dishes have been consistently delicious; I have not had "anything" that is not excellent. From their chai drink to the entrees, everything is excellent at Naga. My kids love going there just to use their bathroom because of the beautiful metallic curtain outside the bathroom. Their decor is simply modern and beautiful!!
5	We've been to Naga twice and gotten take out twice, as well. The peanut sauce for the Chicken Satay was flavorful and right on target. Loved the lunch special - the Chowder was tasty, salad yummy, and the Phad Thai very decent. I've also heard about the use of 'fresh' and 'healthy'  -- seems like it's true to me.  We've been bigger fans of Archi's than Lotus of Siam (had a few icky experiences there), but Naga seems approximately comparable and  is in our neighborhood so we sure hope they do well. I'm glad to hear they have the lunch special on weekends, I may have to go tomorrow! I was a little surprised that the portion size wasn't larger, I guess that's part of the eating healthier - we Americans eat too much!  There is also another Thai food place on Eastern/Richmar that we like, as well.
3	Update: In my opinion, NAGA is serving some of the best Thai food in Las Vegas.  I literally have not had a bad dish there.  I still struggle with their inability to spice things up enough for me, but the flavors are extremely well balanced and everything is fresh.I have reduced my rating to 3 stars because of the service.  The past four or five times that I have been to NAGA, it has taken at least ten minutes to get a drink order, another ten to fifteen minutes to order food, and fifteen to twenty minutes for food to come out.  Once the meal is finished, the waiting game begins again.I know I'm not the only one getting frustrated, as I can see the frustration building on the faces of other patrons as well.  I finally discussed my criticism with Nan, the owner, and hopefully they will find a way to rectify the service.  If they don't, I guess it will be back to driving 20 minutes for good Thai food again.
4	With my mom no longer being able to cook (She's a 100 star) and this being my first visit since that sad fact. I began in earnest to find places make yum yum for the tum tum as in Thai Basil Fried Rice w/chicken no veggie extra spicy.My first attempt for Thai turned into a great find, Naga!!! It was quiet, staff was very friendly and the spice was nice!they have four levels if spice with special names or 1 - 4, 4 being really spicy, it had the name 'angry something' and though I have had it spicier, Naga had a spice I really enjoyed.The lovely bride was not with me but I was told they have non spicy aka boringgg items on the menu for her sensitive innards. The location is close to my mom's new digs so Naga Thai dining will be a return visit.
5	NEW EXPANDED MENU.  Yeah!
4	This place is five minutes from my house and I am happy to report that it is a great find!  I will admit I have never been there during any lunch or dinner "peak hours" so I can not speak to the wait or service timing when it is busy.  I have gotten two or three different entrees and everything has been very good.  We had to wait longer than I expected for our entrees the first time we visited, but the food was quick to come out the second visit.  New place, I'll let the first one slide.  I would recomment the appetizer sampler, from my limitied memory it includes: egg rolls, crab rangoons, chicken satay, cucumber salad, and I think one other thing.  When my wife and I go in we usually split the sampler and one entree and it is the perfect amount of food.  The regular menu price is a little high for a quick lunch, but a good selection of lunch specials come to the rescue including many of their popular dishes like currys and pad thai.  Overall, great little restaurant with friendly staff that I hope sticks around for a long time.
4	I friggin love NAGA!! I have eaten there as many as 4 times a week for lunch! Would do 7, but I spare my husband's off days to avoid a money smart lecture ;) . Any who! I always order the yellow Curry with beef. Its divine darling! So coco-nutty and deelish! I also have tried the combo pad Thai (up charge for combo meats) Fried rice, Tom Yum Shrimp, as well as the Thom Kai chicken! All of which are WWW dot THABOMB dot com! Now the only reason I deducted a star is because they mixed my order up two times now! I sucks to get home to what I thought would be sweet succulent, juicy, and o sooo divine -d literally lol) shrimp, but get ground chicken .. (aaahhhhhhh mannnn) Or, nothing like expecting beef and get chicken chunks (NAGA -2 Joy- goose egg!!) . Hence, I am deducting a star! (witch laugh). Lucky you....... the end! Go to NAGA !! Its great and everything is delish... just check your order before you leave! :)
4	This place has great food. Really nice atmosphere, and amazing service. Only My only complaint is the prices are a bit high.
4	Finally Henderson has a Thai restaurant close to  our house! The decor is trendy and there were enough options for me and my family's vegetarian tastes. My only recommendation is that they soak their boba in the green tea drink for longer since it was a little hard but I haven't returned since I mentioned this on their feedback form so I'm sure their boba is now on par with the rest of the delicious food!
5	This is an amazing find... The Pad Kee Mau is the best I've ever had and the Full Moon Animosity is fantastic....I have yet to find something here I don't like.
4	I haven't been to Naga yet so this rating might change but the delivery service was great! The woman on the phone was really nice and spoke English which is always a plus. The food arrived in a timely manner and the guy that delivered it was very courteous. The fried tofu I thought was quite bland but that's all I have to complain about. The Moo Ping (grilled pork ap) was delicious as were the spring roles, Crab Rangoon, Chicken Satay, and red curry with chicken. I however can't give this place a 5 star until I go and judge the service and atmosphere but I expect this will happen soon!
4	The kitchen is a little slow BUT the wait is worth it.  I love the Rama noodles and the lemonade is amazing!!
2	Why Over Priced!!!! Dont get the chicken in your dish it is so Blaaaaa, No seasoning and on the rubber side....You guys need to season your meat then cook it then put the sauce on! The sauce isnt going to make unseasoned meat taste good....And use chicken Thighs the breast meat is way to dry for this kinda food..
1	Our family loves Thai food, but we have made our last visit here.  We were waiting for more than 1-hour for food that was mediocre at best.
4	This place is located close to where I live.  It is very clean and modern.  The seats are close to each other so plan on talking about general topics and hope that you do not offend someone sitting next to you.  Other than that, the food is good and the service is excellent.
5	Holy Cow Batman.  Ya gotta check this place out.  I am on a Thai food kick after 45+ years of avoiding it and this place is one of the best for sure!1.  Ambiance - Very nice, trendy, modern place good for dates or the family, trendy or casual.  Located on Horizon Ridge and Horizon Ridge in Henderson near the 215.  Easy access and parking.2.  Service - Pleasant, welcoming, just perfect.3.  Prices - Extremely reasonable. Not cheap, not expensive, just right.4.  Food -  What a great experience. We ordered all spice medium as to not get blown out and not be able to really taste the food.  Medium has a great kick to it, but not overpowering.  As they grade from 1-4, we actually ordered 2.5a.  Tom Yum Soup - We ordered a small, just enough to share for two. Tasty, tender chicken, and just right.b.  Eggplant with Ground Pork - This is my comparison dish.  I order this at every Thai place and here, it was very, very nice. Tender eggplant, succulent ground pork. Could not ask for a better flavor.c.  Pad Kee Mau - this noodle dish they describe as "Drunken Noodle" what Thai people order after a night of drinking. This is an amazing dish. The wide noodles are the right firmness, the sauce very flavorful, the chicken mean was very tender alsos.d.  Red Curry Chicken - WOW. You cannot go wrong with this.5.  Dessert - Sweet Sticky Rice with Mango Ice Cream.  Hubba bubba.  I am rolling out of this place now. Call for a tow truck.  I am gonna burst.Delicious.  GK says, check it out!Overall,
4	Well...Naga is definitely back to four stars.  The owners have addressed the service issues to an acceptable level, and each of my last four or five trips have been downright pleasant.  The food has remained consistently great, and the only roadblock to a five star rating for me is the high price of dining here.  Regardless, I will still be making a couple trips a month to enjoy the Naga goodness.
4	Just went here for the first time today for lunch. Great thai food - also, they were very careful, because we are vegetarian, not to put fish sauce in any of the dishes. Flavors were very good - we got a spice level of 2 for everything (hubby doesn't like very spicy food) and then I added some sambal oelek to that to get a very spicy set of dishes! The drunken noodles were especially a standout. Service was efficient and friendly. The only drawback I could see has to do with the dining room layout - it is a small space, and many of the tables are very close together. Otherwise, a great thai place!
5	Excellent food. Very friendly staff. Didn't give us the stink eye for coming in right before closing. I would highly recommend the fried rice!!!
4	Love the crab stir fry house special & tom ka!
4	Outstanding Thai restaurant.NAGA has a very interesting and comfortable space (the seats are great), although I'm not a fan of banquette seating which dominates one side of the restaurant.  We sat at a two-top near the front.Salad roll appetizer rocked. I've never had anything quite like them. Very fresh ingredients and a tasty sauce. Catfish Dynamite and NAGA salad with tofu entrees were equally good. The salad in particular was nicely spicey, as requested.We were just passing through, but we do that every year, so we may be back.
5	wow...ive eaten a lot of thai food in my day, but let me tell you that this place was awesome!  Everything I ate here was excellent.  We tried almost everything on the menu.  The crab rangoon, chicken satay, tom yum gai, cucumber salad, papaya salad, Pad Thai, Yellow curry, Basil Chicken, some other noodle dish.  The nice thing is that you can tell them how hot or mild you like it.  They even give you some wonton's with 4 different dipping sauces to snack on when you arrive.  The next time I am out in Vegas, I will definitely go back.  I will also be sending all of my friends here when they visit as well.  If you are in Vegas / Henderson and in the mood for Thai food, please try this place.  You will not be disappointed.
4	We recently discovered Naga Thai and are happy that we did. The decor was quite impressive -- very sleek and modern. I can see the seating being cramped during a lunch hour rush or dinner, but luckily when we were there it only had three other  groups so privacy and space were not an issue. The staff was very pleasant and more than willing to answer any questions or give any pointers needed. The spiciness scale ranges from 1-4 and although I enjoy spicy i typically opt for a 3 on a 1-5 scale so I decided to play it safe and went with a 2 here and felt like I made the right choice. Boyfriend opted for a 3/4 and his drunken noodles were quite spicy. I think the noodles absorbed a lot of the spice so it kept building as you ate. Despite his small mishap with spiciness level, we both enjoyed our food and will definitely be back to sample more of the menu. My dish came with steamed rice which was brought out in the shape of a heart. I thought it was just a lovely touch!
5	Im a thai gura and this place is the bomb!!! Do yourself a favor and order the chicken panang or the basil.  Also the Tom Ka soup is amazing.  Great atmosphere and friendly staff, what more could you ask for?
5	Their food is outstanding and their service is impeccable.  Try  the cucumber soup which is very good and pad kee mao which is also excellent.  It maybe small but in size only.
5	Attention 2 detail suburb. The curry is excellent!
5	My favorite Thai restaurant hands down. Ambiance - Simple but trendy chic, a waterfall display adorns the wall by the entryway and fusion/smooth jazz is playing in the background giving a relaxing vibe to the place. The fresh flower on each table setting is a nice added touch. Only minor neg. the tables on one side are not far apart enough for me. This place is immaculate. Ive been here when they set up before dinner hours and noticed the servers wear gloves when putting out the place settings. Service - Exemplary service. Another reason why I am a repeat customer. Everytime I have been here the staff is very welcoming and friendly.  The owner of the restaurant also makes it a point to come out greet and check up everyone.   I put in a special request for desert once and on my next visit they remembered what I ordered. Pretty impressive!Food  - Excellent! All the meals Ive had here are flavorful & fresh, fruits, in season.  Presentation of all the dishes are visually appealing, and so  picture worthy..lol.  I tripped over the carrot that is carved into a butterfly they use for that extra added touch when I ordering dishes during the dinner hour. The chef back there takes his presentations seriously. Check some of the photos I have uploaded.Fave appys are the chicken or tofu satay. Chicken is marinated in coconut milk which makes it plump and juicy and it's grilled and served on skewers with peanut dipping sauce. You'll also get a side of their refreshing cucumber salad. The serving size of the appetizers are enough is plenty for me, I can just order those alone for lunch and it would be filling.  The lunch specials are a great deal. For under $10 you get your choice of a variety of dishes off their main menu but in lunch portion sizes. On Saturdays even!  Its rare to find places with lunch menu specials that run during the weekend. For the lunch special you are first served house salad with your choice of ginger or peanut dressing, which is what I always chose.  It's the best Ive had.  It's smooth and  light on texture  goes well with salad greens. The Thai style Corn soup is very good, creamy, light , very flavorful..I want to say there's a hint of coconut milk added, Im not sure, but the taste is unique.   Along with your soup & salad are your wonton crunchies that come with your starter dish.  All three come out presented on serving dish. For your entree, you have your choice of stir fry, curry, fried rice or noodle dishes from the main menu, but lunch portion sizes.  My go to dishes are usually Pad Woon Sen, glass noodles with veggies, I usually have it with tofu. Yellow curry dish is my fave Thai comfort food, with potatoes, carrots in  curry coconut milk sauce...I like how the rice is served separatly.  Some places just spoon the curry over rice and the rice soaks it up too fast so you dont get to enjoy the sauce as much.  So I appreciate the way it's presented here.  If you are Vegan, they have a Vegan subsitutes, just ask them...most of the time they'll ask you anyway if you prefer Vegan friendly dish. I always enjoy dining here, especially when Im having a hetic day, it's a nice place to recoup and enjoy your lunch as well. This Thai place is a gem!
5	The food at Naga is the best thai I've had in the valley so far!  The restaurant is small inside but beautifully decorated.  It is sometimes a little too quiet - I think the ambience would benefit from some louder music...so we usually opt for take-out.  My favorite dishes are their panang chicken curry and beef pra ram - but everything is GREAT!  Their fried rice is amazing - and you can add any protein to it for a few dollars more.  One great tip:  You can add extra meat (or chicken) to any dish for just $2 or $3 - worth it every time!  The servers are all very kind and helpful.  We eat at Naga at least once every few weeks.  It's awesome!
5	I always have an excellent meal while dining at Naga
5	This place is right up the street from me. I am an avid thai food addict and tried this place after meeting the husband and wife owners at costco one day. I tried their basil chicken and thought is was phenominal! Their peanut salad dressing is a home run flavor, also. Lunch specials are fair priced and it is alot of food per order. Love the decor, love the owners.
5	This is place is EXCELLENT.  This is NOT your typical Thai Dining place.  It is very elegant or chic inside as Shirley commented, the menu has a wide variety of selections and the attention to every detail is immpecable. If you are a Vegan, they will take EXTRA care to ensure you get what you ask for.  They can and will accomodate your needs, all you have to do is ask.  I will tell you, they desire to serve so strongly, that they will not only go over your order again to ensure they got it right, but if you are Vegan or Vegitarian and you are eating with someone in your party who is not, they will apologize if they put a non vegan dish near you.If you are looking for a place with great food, a place that will make you feel like you are the only one in that place no matter how many customers there are, then this is a place you MUST try.  They are closed on Monday, but open all other days.  In closing, I will tell you, I have been to places on the strip which charged 6 to 10 times as much for a plate of food and the service and freshness of the food does not compare to the care and compasion NAGA puts into every dish and the customer service.  I will be back to this place several times and I recommmed you try it as well.
5	This is our favorite Thai place in Vegas!! Modern, clean, and great music. They have done a great job creating a nice and relaxing atmosphere. The food is always so fresh!!! The Tom Kah, ginger tea, and yellow curry are our favorites. Followed by the mango sticky rice. Fantastic service!! We love our server, Ink!! Tons of vegan options- my husband loves that. We come here once a week!!! Can't say enough! Best kept secret  in Vegas ;)
5	This place is tucked away on the side of black mountainI think this place is a five star but this is because it is inMy hood. Very consistent spotDrink Thai ice tea Main Pad Prik Prow With wide noodlesDessert RotiIf you live in Henderson take advantage Take out is a good idea Good customer service
5	We LOVE this place. It is not authentic or traditional Thai food, more on the fusion-type style. But it is delicious! Love the Evil Jungle noodles, pad thai, and curry fried rice. The owners are very nice, the decor is quite upscale. Perfect to show off on a first date! Location is out of the way but easy to get to. The only dish I've had that I would not order again is the shrimp and mushroom appetizer. I didn't care for the texture, though the flavor was still good and we did finish the dish.
4	I've been to NAGA twice now.  The first time I saw that it was on Horizon Ridge and because I'm geographically challenged I assumed that meant it was close to the area I'm familiar with near Eastern, Green Valley Parkway, etc.   It's not.  It's way east, near the Henderson Campus of CSN.   The 2nd time I had to work at the aforementioned Henderson Campus so it was a no brainer to go back for lunch as I find the majority of options in that area offend my delicate palate.The food here is VERY good.  The first time I did a Tom Yum soup with Shrimp, and found it to be a nice version of the dish.  I liked the touch of them removing the lime leaves prior to serving to save me from that extra step (my laziness continues to show no bounds)  I also tried the NAGA salad with beef, which I found to be very similar to most restaurants' versions of a simple Thai Beef Salad.   The ingredients were fresh and everything tasted nice.    The 2nd visit I tried the Basil lunch special with pork.   Again the ingredients were fresh and everything tasted great.  The pleasant surprise was that the lunch special came with a little salad and a cup of lovely creamed corn soup.  Anyone who knows me knows I tend to hate salads, but this salad had several of those wonton crisp strip thingies that I adore so much which raised the bar considerably.  Service has been nice both times (once dine in and once take out), but I did find it a little slow each time.  My biggest complaint though would be on the spice levels, as they ask for it out of 4.   I can't tell you how much I hate spicy scale levels not out of 10.  I like a 7 or 8 out of 10, and always find that a 4/4 is too spicy and a 3/4 is not spicy enough, and I never feel like restaurants take decimals or fractions seriously.   Do I really think they'll write down 3.67 to give to the chef making the meal?  No.  The lunch specials are nicely priced at about $8.   I also ordered a "Fresh Lemonade" because I cannot resist it on any menu.  It cost $3 and while tasty, I felt the size didn't match the price charged.   All in all, you should consider NAGA if you're ever in the dining hell that is east east Henderson or if you're tired of the other 523 Thai restaurants you can choose from.
5	We always have a great experience at Naga. Whether dining in or taking it to go, the food is great and made fresh every time. We like the Tom Yum soup, nice spice to it and fresh ingredients. I get either yellow or red chicken curry which I always finish ALL of. The crab rangoon was great as well. As far as the restaurant itself, the decor and layout is great, nice ambiance. The waitresses always take great care of us and are helpful if we don't know exactly what we want. Can't go wrong here! I'll be going back tonight. Keep up the great work Naga!
5	Not sure how I missed it in my first review, but they have the best Tom Kha Gai we have ever had! Closer to traditional than some other dishes, and just a perfect balance of sweet/sour/spicy flavors! I could eat just this soup for a meal.This is a smaller restaurant, so be sure to call ahead for a party larger than 4 people.
5	Fantastic food and atmosphere. I stumbled in to this place and have been amazed ever since. The sauces  and flavor are amazing and the prices are unbelievably reasonable. This is hands down my favorite Thai in Vegas
4	Not Lotus of Siam good-- but close. My wife first met the owners at Costco right about the time the restaurant was about to open. They were so nice, that we decided to give the food a try. The food is prepared fresh daily, and is so flavorful. Our favorite is the basil chicken ( ground chicken, onions, basil, peppers, and spices). They have a variety of chile sauces to choose from to add to any dish you select. Prices are moderate, and portions are substantial. Bottom line, NAGA is a nice option in Henderson for authentic Thai food......
5	Every once in a blue moon, I get this itch to try Thai food.  I KNOW in my heart of hearts that I'm just not a Thai fan.  However, in the interest of being open-minded, I always like to think that I will suddenly discover a hidden affection for this cuisine.Nope.  NEEEEEVER gonna happen.Well, I can definitely say that I just don't like Thai food.  I've tried many things at many different places with no success.  NAGA had the best-tasting Thai food I've had in the coolest environment with the best service.  I have no doubt that this is a top-notch Thai establishment... no doubt.  My fiance and I split the yellow Thai curry, Tom Kha soup, and a couple of Thai teas.  I found the Tom Kha soup tolerable (that's about as good as it gets for me).  I love Thai tea, so that was no problem either.  The yellow curry turned my stomach, but much less than other Thai I've tried.  So that's a plus.I guess it's strange to give a five-star rating to a restaurant that serves food you hate.  However, I'm all about giving credit where it's due, despite personal preferences and quirks (see Sushi Imagine review).  I would definitely go back to NAGA for a Thai tea and to watch my fiance eat.  It's not NAGA's fault that I'd rather eat a can of Fancy Feast than Thai food.  They can't be faulted for that.  Five stars all the way around.
5	I had a dream about chicken panang last night, is that weird or awesome!
4	We decided to try this because of the good reviews on Yelp. It, like many places we found on Yelp, was an unexpected surprise to be found in a suburb strip mall. The decor is a chic fusion which was very interesting and pleasant to dine in. The food was very good. We started with a combination sampler that had great mix of flavors. The peanut sauce was excellent. We also shared an entree of the Basil Chicken. The chicken seemed to have been cooked in a light sauce that had many spices including basil (that flavor came through very strongly) and had the consistency of ground beef. In addition, there were green and red peppers and onions that were cooked perfectly.The Thai tea and lemonade were excellent though expensive. We could've used a little more rice too. We asked for another serving of white rice and were surprised we were charged for another portion (maybe because we were sharing?) In addition, they only had one one waitress and a bus person. The waitress was clearly spread too thin and was unable to attend to her customers properly. Though we didn't mind having a leisurely meal the family behind us left before ordering because it was taking too long. The restaurant wasn't even full. She was clearly overwhelmed.  Worth a try.
3	We went for dinner on a Tuesday night at around 6:50pm. They were nearly full, but luckily we were able to be seated right away.Service was friendly and fairly prompt. We were given some wonton crisps and gave our order of chicken rama noodles and black pepper tofu.This is where things go awry. Yes, they were busy, so I expected a bit of wait, but not an HOUR wait for two dishes. And when we were done with our wonton crisps, instead of giving us some more to chew on while we waited for our meals, the server just took it away. If you're running slow, you give your customers something to chew on.So, our entrees eventually came. The black pepper tofu was good, but we only got about half of a bowl of rice to go with it. The sauce and rama noodles tasted good, but the chicken was dry and chewy. The sauce helped cover up the subpar chicken.Overall some good flavors, but faulty details made it underwhelming. The entire experience felt stingy and slow.
3	Their signature Lemongrass chicken is fabulous. The restaurant is very well decorated - small, but has a nice charm to it.  Food does take a long time.  Did I say the food takes a long time?  They got my to go order wrong twice.  If they tell you it will be rady in 15 mintues plan on 30.  Three times I have had to wait over 20 mintues, and that was after the 15 mintues they told me.  If they could figure out what they were doing, we would eat here a lot more.I will not order take out there again.  But the food is good enough to go there and dine in - only if I have an hour to wait.....
4	Ordered Takeout here with the wife. The food was great, portion sizes for take out were small - even if the place had cheaper food it still would have been small. But what we had, was great.  I would probably just dine in next time.
2	A beautiful interior makes one forget that this is located in a strip mall. But while the decor was beautiful the lack of service offset NAGA's appearance. I walked in Saturday night intending to order carryout and I don't mind a little wait. But when people already seated said they've been waiting 45 minutes plus for their food and at the 9 min mark nobody's even paid attention to me to take my order much less acknowledge I exist I left. Yeah this review may get flagged as I didn't eat their food. But when I walk in the door I expect to be acknowledged. It's not like you can't see me, I'm not a small guy and at 6 ft 4 I block the sunlight pretty well when coming through the door. When the service is so slow that they miss customers coming and going, they've got problems. The food may be as good as everyone claims but if the service sucks or is non existent...why bother. When I left I called Penns Thai House from the parking lot. I made the drive down the 515 and my food was ready in under a 90 second wait. And it was just as good as ever which means it was perfect. Meanwhile I bet people were still waiting for their food at NAGA. I hope to try NAGA again and maybe, just maybe this time they'll notice me, show me to a seat and take my order or politely ask me to wait and do so in under 10 minutes.
2	Ok, this one is painful to write.  We have been here several times; it is one of the only Thai places on this side of town which will actually cook you almost anything you want Vegan.  The service this time was the WORST we have ever had here.  They have done some new advertising and are drawing such a big crowd, they forgot to ensure they can handle the crowd.  They hired a new server and this server does not listen to what you are ordering.  We told him 4 times, NO SPICE, and one of our dishes was so spicy we could not eat it.We then told him 3 times and I even pointed 3 times to what I wanted and he still placed the order for the WRONG dish.  So not only are they at a point now that they are overwhelmed with the place being full, they cannot keep up in the kitchen either.  We waited almost 45 mintues for our food which would have been ok if we would have gotten what we ordered they way we ordered it.A complete breakdown in communication between the server and the kitchen.  I do realize he was trying very hard to keep up with all the tables he had to take care of, but someone should have realized he needed more help.  They really need to sit this server down and work with him on his listening skills.  $62.00 for that meal was not worth my time or money.  Like I said, we really liked this place but unfortunately, the last two times before this and including this time, when you ask for NO SPICE  and you are paying for it, your dish should be prepared the way you asked for it.The wife wants to go back again, I really don't but probably will give them one more chance before making the decision to never return to them again.  I said in the beginning this was painful to write but it is what it is.
1	7pm Thursday 8/30. OUCH! I guess the chef was not there that night. Pad See Eew Chicken was nasty... My Thai wife was stunned how bad it was. Some white guy standing at the POS system (register) all night. Maybe it was just an off night.  No Chang Beer sold out. Hmmmm. The servers pretty good that's about it.  We will not be going back....
1	It is with a heavy heart that I write this update, but when food poisoning occurs it is one strike you're out with me. Boyfriend and I ordered take out of drunken noodles with chicken and basil stir fry with chicken. The chicken tasted a bit off to me and luckily I didn't have much of an appetite that evening. Boyfriend unfortunately was not so lucky and ended up with food poisoning. He was up several hours later throwing up and doing everything you would associate with food poisoning. I felt a bit queasy with an upset stomach, but did not consume enough to really get sick. I threw out the leftovers as soon as I woke up, but the food had stunk up the entire fridge by then. I guess we will be defaulting to Penn's.
5	Great atmosphere and service. I can easily recommend the Rama with tofu. Tofu was perfectly crispy and the peanut sauce was awesoooome! If you like Thai, you'll like this place. 2 thumbs up!
5	First time eating at Naga and it was extremely DELICIOUS. The service was extraordinary. Daniel our server was friendly, polite, and quick. He also helped us order our food. I didn't know what I wanted to eat so I asked him to help us choose. I thought he was only going to choose one but he gave a item he liked under every category and I thought it was very polite of him. Food came on time. Daniel never had our drinks empty and the food was GREAT!!!!! I will definately be returning to NAGA again thanks to the service and FOOD!!!!
4	I'm so glad to have found this place especially because I live right down the street.  The atmosphere is modern and interesting.  The few times I have been here the staff has been friendly and happy. I have only been for lunch and have only eaten from the lunch specials, so I cannot offer any insight on the rest of the menu.  I have had the sweet and sour stir-fry with chicken which I really enjoyed. I also tried the Rama which is pretty interesting and amazing. It is a soft noodle that is crispy at the same time (hard to describe-just try it) I would recommend both.  You can't go wrong with the lunch special. Soup, salad and entree for $7.75.
4	Lets describe these dishes from the top. This is an intimate little thai diner that is rather fancy inside and makes real attempts to win over the foodie crowd. The previous review is accurate in my opinion-- this place offers authentic thai seasoning techniques served in an aesthetically pleasing interior representing a westernized flair.Beef Fried rice-- the fried rice is much better here than you would find at a cheapo generic thai restaurant. It doesn't have that  "sitting in the fridge" taste.Edamame here is tasty and well seasoned. Try not to fill up too much on it.Lemongrass chicken--  this is one of their specialty dishes and it is well crafted. The chicken is juicy and there are plenty of tasty crunchy vegetables in it. This dish has a pretty unique taste (despite the rather generic sounding name) that you won't get at other Thai restaurants so it is well worth ordering.Prawn Tom Yum Soup-- this is another one of their signature dishes. The tom yum broth they prepare is excellent, but I could have gone for a bit more prawn cuz I absolutely love the stuff. I've made my own Tom Yum soup before at a cooking school in Thailand and I'm quite familiar with how it should taste. Believe me when I say this place gets it right.Pad Thai- the pad thai is pretty excellent here as well. Plenty of ground up peanut to accompany the dish, lots of tasty bean sprouts. The peanut based glaze is just sweet enough without being overly sugary, and the portions of meat in it are pretty solid. I still think I had slightly better pad thai at a place slightly closer to the strip but you won't regret ordering this stuff.I vow to return to this establishment with my girlfriend because it is easily the best you can find on this side of Clark County.
3	I had it a second time... just nothing special... it prices itself as high end thai food... it's good... but slightly overpriced... if everything was about 1-3 dollars less on average per dish or the portions for take out were slightly larger... I would probably give them another star... but value has to come into play.
5	We've ordered delivery from this place two nights in a row. It's that good!I was just excited to find a Thai restaurant that delivered in our area, but I wasn't expecting everything to be so delicious!The first night we ordered the green curry and combination appetizer plate. Their chicken satay is the best I've ever had, and the curry was on par with some of the best curry I've had over the years. The next night we ordered basil fried rice with shrimp, glass noodle soup, and golden cups (kratong tong). Again, everything was amazing!
5	A big plus they  run their lunch special on Saturday.  Soup, salad and entree for under $8 is a good value. For a Saturday afternoon I thought the place was busy with 3 other parties of 2+  but I got seated and server got my drink and took took my order within in the first few minutes. It has been more than a month since I last was here, but amazingly server still remembers my drink order and choice of dressing for my salad. It was a short wait for my order to come out.  Had Pad Woon Sen w/Tofu. Servers attentive,  got my check and was in and out of there in less than 40 minutes.  I can always count on having a nice lunch experience here.
2	The place was busy when we arrived.  There were only two tables open.  It was a good sign until we were actually served our orders.  Because we were avoiding carbs, we ordered the Full Moon Shrimp, Chicken Satay, Tom Kah Chicken and Shrimp and Lemongrass Chicken.  The Full Moon Chicken's mushroom was tough.  You can't pick up the ball like how it should be and bite into the shrimp, ground chicken and mushroom all in one bite.  The mustard sauce doesn't go with it too.  The Chicken Satay was tender and cooked properly, however, I was not particularly a fan of the peanut sauce.  I like my peanut sauce to have a more creamy peanut flavor than coconut milk.  Naga's peanut sauce was runny and leaned towards a more coconut milk flavor.  The Tom Kah was good except, the smell of fish sauce was too powerful.  I think this dish needed more coconut milk.  In addition, I think the chicken pieces in it were not cooked thoroughly as it felt velvety and somewhat slimy in my mouth.  If you're getting the Chicken Satay, then don't get the Lemongrass Chicken because they are basically the same thing only you get dark meat and the meat isn't in skewers.  The sauce base is the same, satay.  Lastly, what is up with the website's home page.  The voice over that says, "NAAAAGGAAAA" is kinda creepy.  Oh well, it is almost halloween, so it kinda goes with the season.One good thing is the staff.  They were prompt, and warm.
4	Yummy curry chicken, and the pork fried rice was delicious as well. Clean and very quaint restaurant. I'm glad I stopped by to try it out.
5	This place is amazing. My girlfriend and I have been coming back almost every week for just under a year. Their red curry is phenomenal. It's by far the best Tai food I've had in the 8 years that I've lived in the Las Vegas area. I look forward to continuing my patronage at this wonderful establishment.
5	My wife and I had another great meal here.  I also loved the iced coffee.
5	Love brown rice option! Veggie options are abundant as well.. Thus far every dish was amazing.
5	Pineapple fried rice is the bomb!
1	The first time I went to Naga, I thought my wife and I found our new spot for a yummy Thai lunch before heading into work and we did for a couple months. Unfortunately, we will Never be going back to Naga again because of our last visit. I understand that businesses like to close between lunch and dinner to reset and prepare for dinner service especially since I have been in this business over 15 years. But when you drive 20 miles to patronize an establishment and arrive 15 minutes before their closing time for lunch you would expect to be seated and served. This was not the case and to turn your business away at the door with so many options out their I wish you luck.
3	A little bit above the average Thai place you go to for lunch. The food is four stars but the service is a one and a half. Try the Lemongrass chicken. Grilled marinated chicken with a sweet peanut sauce. Honestly one of the best chicken dishes I've had. Even though it's not traditional I suggest you give it a try.
5	The service was great, the food was great, and the atmosphere was great.  I can't wait to go back!  I had the Tom Yum soup and Red Curry chicken dinner.  Both were delicious.  I had both at spice level 5 and it was spicy, but not too spicy.  The chicken was all good quality white meat and everything was fantastic.
5	It's hard to find a decent Thai restaurant in Henderson.  Like, it's really hard.  Everywhere I'd tried in the area either smelled funny or looked like the den of some kind of seedy crime syndicate out of a Hollywood action flick.So I couldn't have been more happy when I found this place.  Very nice owner and servers, great food, and best of all it has a great atmosphere.  The interior design is really impressive for a small strip establishment. The Panang curry is some of the best I've had in town.  The catfish dynamite is a delicious piece of fried/marinated catfish that's just that - dynamite.  And the complimentary crackers and unique dipping sauce are just enough to take it to the next level.For any location, but especially this far out in Henderson, Naga Thai dining delivers.
3	I wanted to love NAGA, but the spark just isn't there. At best, NAGA will remain a friend, nothing more.NAGA had been on my radar for a while. I live fairly close to it, and for those familiar with the area, we don't get new eateries over there all that often. The first time I tried to eat at NAGA was with my husband, we walked in and had to walk right back out due to the overwhelming, horrid odor. (My guess is one of the businesses in the strip mall was experiencing some plumbing issues). The smell was a huge turn off so NAGA fell off my radar for a bit... I finally decided to give NAGA another try this past weekend.  When NAGA isn't smelly, the first impression is a pretty good one. It's a very nicely decorated space, very sleek and modern feeling.  A sweet waitress brought me some complimentary wontons with dipping sauce and took my drink order. I had the Thai Tea which was $4 (no boba). I was disappointed when looking over the menu to see that while the lunch specials are offered on Saturday, they were not offered on Sundays. I ended up ordering the mushroom stir fry dish with beef (additional $1.50, I have never been to a Thai restaurant that charges for beef!). For $12.50, it's pricey. The portion was decently sized, but it was served with a VERY small amount of rice. I ended up taking about half of my meal home to go, and was offered additional rice to take home, but that was overpriced as well ($2!!). The waitress brought out a comment card for me to fill out with my check. I circled yes for everything because the service was good, the portions were decently sized and the food tasted ok. I just don't see myself returning for anything other then to try the lunch specials with the prices where they are. I wish I could say it's me and not you NAGA... but it's you. Start offering your lunch specials on Sunday and maybe we can try again?
3	Honestly I can't say anything bad about this place, but I also can't say anything particularly good about it, either. I've forgotten about it, which means it was neither bad or good. I'd eat here again, because it wasn't bad. I know that sounds like it isn't really an endorsement, but it's better than remembering this place for being crap! So I wouldn't expect some major mind-blowing meal, but it's definitely worth the money they'll charge and it'll be just fine.
5	THEE best Thai place in Vegas!! Ive eaten at my fair share of Thai places in the valley and Naga combines amazing food in a modern environment with some of the nicest staff members I've ever met. The food is amazing. The cooks put a lot of time and effort into every dish. The portions are large and the food is always presented in a 5 star restaurant fashion (we eat with our eyes first)!The environment is the most underrated aspect of Naga. A modern, comfortable space best describes the layout. Very relaxing with a twist of hipster mixed in. Some of the decor includes a relaxing running water feature hanging on the wall with a great mix of music that is softly playing in the back round (all kinds of music! have even heard some house music which was a fun twist!)Service is simply top notch!!  After only eating there twice, the staff and owner always welcome me by name. Simply put, Naga will do everything they can do to make your experience memorable.*For those who rated Naga low, I would highly recommend then giving it a second chance as every time I leave I am 100% satisfied!! Tomkah soup and Chicken Panang is AMAZING!!
5	OH MY GOOOOSH! We are from out of town and tried Naga last night from reading reviews on yelp, and it was SOOO GOOD!!! I told my husband I was already sad we were just visiting because I know I will crave this when we get back home from our trip! Seriously, I have tried a LOT of Thai places (living in the Bay Area, you have PLENTY of choices) and this one is hands down my favorite! I loved the clean, modern decor, and the staff was very friendly and fast. I ordered the chicken pad thai with the peanut sauce on top.. you HAVE to order the peanut sauce on top! Its maybe a buck or 2 extra, but so worth it! It was sweet, but not too sweet. The chicken was prepared perfectly (most chicken in pad thai runs a little dry, but it was so moist!). Seriously, my mouth is watering just thinking about it! My husband had the red curry with chicken and his was great too.. I was almost sad I didn't order that... almost ;) We both got sodas and our total came to just over $30 bucks... even better!! If you know your thai food, and even if you don't, you will not walk away disappointed with Naga!
5	Good food and service. Hard to beat this place, Have never had a bad meal here. Try the Thai beef salad
5	I had the Catfish Dynomite, was very good!  And the appitizers were very flavorful and great quality...my wife had the pad kee mao(drunken noodles) which I tried and they are nice and spicy with good flavor as well. High Quality!
4	To date the best Thai food I've had!  Delicious curries and the catfish dynamite is well ....dynamite!  Presented in a very artsy way.  Looks as good as it tastes!  The dinners come with a side of white or brown rice in a heart shape. The lunch specials come with salad and soup of the day.  The atmosphere is very romantic and cozy, clean and contemporary.  The service isn't the quickest so do go with time to spend.
5	A sure bet anytime
4	Everything I've tried has been great!  I love the Rama noodles with shrimp & pineapple fried rice with chicken.  The only reason I don't give this place 5 stars is because they are very slow.  I just wish they would give an accurate time for picking up my order; it has never been ready by their estimated time.  The staff if very friendly.
5	Great food great service and beautiful place. Recommended!
5	Wow. Such a nice place with great food in an unexpected place. Thanks to the yelpers we found it and enjoyed a lovely dinner. The food is very authentic and the spices are added to the diner's personal preference.
4	Crazy-unexpectedly good Thai food for being so far away from everything. We had one the thai curries and soups and we loved it!
5	Love the atmosphere and food! Service is always great! Curry is delicious and ginger  dressing is yummy!
5	I found this Thai restaurant last summer.  My husband and I have eaten here  (lunch) many times and are never disappointed.  Wonderful food, nice ambiance, and great service.  There are only twelve tables.  It is quiet, comfortable, and very clean.  My favorite dish is Pad Kee Mao (aka, Drunken Noodles), and my husband enjoys the curry dishes? I would definately recommend to anyone who enjoys Thai Food.
5	Yeah a good local Henderson restaurant.  My daughter and I visited here for lunch and had an amazing time. The look of the place is beautiful and peaceful. We had edamame, crab rangoons  (a 10), pad tai, and Rama. Great meal for a reasonable price. Lunch special is awesome.
5	Visited Naga Thai for the first time for dinner on Friday evening. We usually go to Lotus of Siam or Weera Thai, but I have to say Naga Thai is now at the top of our list. Though it's almost 20 miles for us to drive, it's worthwhile. The service is warm and friendly (they wanted to know our names), and the food is excellent. I usually do not like catfish (it always tasted like mud to me), but the chef at Naga Thai prepares it in a way that is ..... (I have no words!). Had the Rama Noddles with Seafood (Catfish, Shrimp, Squid, Mussels), and when I go there next time I will have it again.  Probably every time.Also, my wife has special dietary needs. The waitress was happy to ask in the kitchen, and chef was happy to tweak a dish so my wife could eat it.  Not every place does this.Congratulations to Naga Thai for great service and quality food!
2	BOOORINGGGG.It's cute and all, but I prefer quality food over quality atmosphere. That little heart shaped rice formation is cute too, but i'd prefer to have a legit bowl of rice, please. I need my rice::curry ratio to be on point.I've been there numerous times and have had yet to write about it because it was so unremarkable.  Why frequent a place so much that isn't that good? Because I wanted to like it. A real live Thai restaurant in good old Hendertucky, Nevada? I actually wanted  to love it, but after trying a variety of curries, pad thai, and noodles, my palette was left unimpressed and perhaps still a little hungry (I rarely leave a place without leftovers).Here's what I'd suggest: if you're in the area, it's not the worst place to stop by FOR LUNCH. At least you can feel like you're getting what you paid for with their decently priced lunch specials. Also, they are closed on Mondays and closed from 3pm--4pm.
5	Yummy food! The Rama Noodles with Tofu is awesome! The staff is very friendly and the restaurant is clean.
5	This review is for delivery. We placed an order on a Friday night. We got Combo plate appetizer, chicken Pad Thai with peanut sauce and Pd Prie Khing. The lady on the phone to order was very friendly. They advised us the order would take 45-60  minutes to arrive but it got to my house in about 30 minutes. All the food was still very hot when it got here. They gave all the utensils we needed and sauce. The food was soo good. I have never had Pad Thai with peanut sauce (the ordering lady recommended). It was very yummy. I will definitely order again.
4	This is a great little spot in Henderson approaching Boulder City. The seating is the only thing I would change, as I would offset the tables so we aren't sitting in lines lol. We were literally sitting next to a couple and felt like we were invading their space a little. More importantly - food and service. The food is hot, very tasty, and fresh. The Tom Kah soup is delicious and savory and not too filling. The chicken pad thai is great with flavorful veggies and a great texture noodle. The spiciness is your choice, rating from a 0-4. I opted for a 1 to be safe but will probably bump it up to a 2 next time for a little more heat. The service is also good - staff are friendly and stay busy at all times. I will be revisiting here soon as their lunch specials are enticing - $7.75 for soup, salad, and an entree. Good deal!
4	A  hidden gem amongst the sea of Thai restaurants in Henderson/Las Vegas. Their menu is full of amazing and they even have Vegan friendly options! I haven't tried all of their dishes (I'm hooked on their Green Curry), but everything I've had so far has been full of flavor and love. Besides the atmosphere and great food, the service is also on point. The servers always greet you with a big smile and they're willing to answer any questions you have about the menu. The kitchen folks also do a great job of getting the food out quickly without having to sacrifice the quality of the food.The only thing that I would change is the portion size of the rice that comes with the curry. I would rather have too much rice than not enough. Other than that this place rocks!
3	Over time we decide to give Naga another shot purely due to its proximity to the house. We had take out about four times after the incident and there were no more issues. The food is okay to good, but portions are small for the price. Their panang curry is actually incredibly delicious, but make sure to order extra side of rice.
4	Our first time eating here was last night.App: combo plate.2 chicken satays, 2 fried tofu, 2 crispy spring rolls, 2 crab (REAL crab) ragoons. Great for sharing. Yum yum yum.I had the crab fried rice , level three spicy... next time I'll do level two.,and husband had the spicy catfish. We were both satisfied, flavor and portion wise.Our first time having tofu as well..... Their tofu takes the scariness away. Atmosphere is great. Just tiny. The restaurant was not busy. We had our sixth month old with us, and we sat in the corner that has the fountain on the wall... She enjoyed it, and started laughing.... I saw a few ladies gave some evil looks.. I could only imagine if she started crying. Only complaint on service is I wish we would have gotten more refills easily... Buy our waitress was Sweet and informative.Tasty. Friendly.Small, but we will be back.
5	My absolute favorite Thai restaurant. The food is incredible, sauces are to die for. Decor is modern and upscale, but prices are incredibly good. My favorite dish is Rama noodles- just can't get enough
5	In my last review of Naga 11 months ago I was not happy with the service, but did say I would give this place another chance.We finally got the opportunity to return and I am proud to highlight a few things;The food is just as SPECTACULAR as it was on my 7 previous visits.  They still are the only Thai place on this side of town (Henderson) that can and will prepare almost anything you want Vegan style.The WORST service I talked about 11 months ago has been corrected.  Apparently several people shared my feeling about the poor service and the owner fixed the problem.This is also a plus for me, an owner who reads the reviews and actually cares about what people say.  So after 11 months, Ink and Nann not only remembered my name, but they remembered what I like to drink and eat, REALLY???  I have been to several places more then twice and Ink & Nann at Naga is the ONLY place that remembers who we are, what we like and most importantly they treat everyone like family, not customers.This is a place you have to try.  Some say the prices are high, are you kidding me???  For the value, the prices are not any more then you would pay for anywhere else.  Some say the portions are small, go to claim jumper if you want more then you can eat....oh wait, they closed, must be a reason.Naga is the BEST on this side of town and we will continue to support them, because they are awesome at what they do and they take pride in everything they do.   I will be back again, again and again.....why, because I love good food and these people make good food.
5	This is definiely Thai food I have ever had!! My meal, the Pad See-Eiw was absolutely delicious! I wiped the plate clean! Some of the soups were very good and the chicken sautee was yummy!! The restaurant decor is also very nice and the staff is friendly!
1	Ok. I have never had thai food before but I can tell you that I LOVE peanuts and I LOVE spice. So I was thinking this would be a great combo. I picked up the phone and ordered delivery but the woman taking my order had a very hard time understanding what I was saying. Because she had a hard time understanding what I was saying she asked if she could hang up *half way through my order* and then call me right back. I was a little surprised at that but sure...so she called back, it was easier to order. I ordered the "best thai noodles" and had them deliver it to my house. It took over an hour, and after being 30 minutes over an hour the lady who delivered my food yelled at me for not telling her the access key to our apartment complex. What!? Excuse me!?Anyway, moving on. I was excited to dig in! But I have never tasted anything that tasted exactly like vomit. I am so sorry - I know that is gross, but it was literally that awful. The noodles were greasy, the flavor was awful, my noodles were cold. Now I'm not a conesuer of thai food so I may not be the best one to ask about the taste of thai however the customer service was less than acceptable. I will not be ordering from Naga again.
4	Really good drinks.  Coconut bubble shake is wonderful. Fried rice is Very good.  Love the place
4	We came here on a Tuesday afternoon to eat during their lunch special 1. Pad Thai - Chicken, 7.752. Yellow Curry - Chicken, 7.753. Thai Tea, 4for $24 - Naga is a deity taking the form of a king cobra. At first, I was thinking naga viper peppers! That'd be really spicy.- Like an oasis in the desert. This is probably the only Thai restaurant in a 10 mile radius! Good location to serve Non-Asians. Haha. - Modern atmosphere. Almost like a bar/lounge appeal.- Lunch comes with soup and salad. - Soup of the day was corn. Nice cream corn taste, but muddled that they even serve that in a Thai restaurant. No tom yum? Probably justified by the demographic...- Spice level from 1-4. We got 2. Tolerable and not spicy. We should have gotten a 3. I wasn't expecting a spice level for pad thai. haha. Weird. - Great Lunch special deal. For around $8, I can try some of my go-to Thai favorites. The portion is small, but makes up for it with cute plating. - $4 Thai teas without refill fail. - Yellow curry was delicious. Creamy coconut flavoring. Potatoes and carrots chopped artistically. - Pad Thai was a bit confusing. I appreciated the effort that they grilled the chicken, but it didn't bode well with the sweet tinge of the pad thai. I enjoyed them separately. They used the thinner pho-like noddles. - Service was fine, but unremarkable.
2	This was actually not good at all, but Thai food is Thai food so I'm bumping it a star. I was really sick and wanted to eat some majorly spicy food to clear out my sinuses. I ordered my drunken noodles a 4 out of 4, and drove to pick it up. When I took a bite, it was probably a 0 spice level. It not only had no heat, it had no flavor really at all, plus the noodles were in these massive clumps. The portion was small, but it was only a $7 lunch special. Thai spice is always a gamble but I was seriously needing the spice this particular day and Naga couldn't deliver. I don't think I will waste my time trying it again.
4	I was craving Thai food.  I saw that my friend Dyanna had went and enjoyed it, so my husband and I decided to check it out.  We ordered the food to go.I ordered the Rama Noodles with chicken and a spice level of 3. The mix of veggies was nice and the amount of chicken to noodles was also good. The peanut sauce was just a bit to sweet for my liking. My husband got the Pad See Eiw with pork and a spice level of 2. His was yummy. Totally made me wish I had gotten what he had!!! When he finished, he said he want to eat it all over again. We will for sure be returning to Naga soon for the Pad See Eiw!I would go back & eat in the restaurant. Nice seating and very sparse decor, but it totally works. The staff was nice and attentive. Even though we were waiting for a to-go order they asked us to sit & gave us glasses of water! Naga u be yummy! It's not the absolute best Thai place I've ever been to, but the short drive from our house in Henderson will make it worth going back.
3	NAGA Thai is good for date night or if you're looking for a more upscale dining experience. The decor is very contemporary as well as the dishes and the presentation of the food. The service was good, and the food was good too. For the times you are craving Thai food, I would go elsewhere cheaper. If you want something a bit nicer, then I recommend this place.
1	I came here with my husband and our family for our wedding anniversary.  On a Tuesday with what appeared to be minimal staffing.  We are a large family (7) so my husband specifically asked the server if they adjust the food to family portions.  Most Thai and Asian places I have eaten at usually do that and adjust your check accordingly.  We ordered the combination plate ($11) as an appetizer, it was good but skimpy for $11.  We also ordered Pad Kee Mao or the Drunken Noodles, Green Curry, and fresh mushroom curry.  I thought it took a long time to serve us.  We waited 45 min for our food to arrive.  I saw people who had come in after us eating before us.  When the food finally did come it came with two small single size portions of rice.  Really???  A family of 7 and we were assured that the portions would be adjusted.  I had to order everyone their own bowl of rice.  The food was cold and over salted.  It actually tasted like it had sat out before it was brought to us.  All I could taste was salt.  I rarely write comments, but this was so bad.  I have had good Thai and bad Thai, but this wasn't even Thai, it was like some Americanized version of Thai.  Over a $100 for that meal for the 7 of us and three of us left hungry.  Isn't Thai dining about making sure you feed your customer enough?  Isn't Thai dining about taking pride and showing that pride in the food you prepare?    I left hungry and angry.  This establishment is very lucky my husband paid the tab because in my opinion a tip was not deserved, and he tips well.  This is NOT a good place for good Thai.
5	Just moved here from Philly and was so happy to find a great vegetarian option so close to my place! They are always super friendly! Only Vegetarian tip: make sure you say that you're vegetarian bc sometimes it doesn't state meat on the menu but its topped with a meat product.
5	We love their coconut soup. Pad pak is great for a healthy vegetable entree as well as their yum woon sen. But their currys are wonderful! Just order a light spicy level you can always add spice but their spicy Peppers vary night to night.
4	I absolutely love their food! Best Thai food I have ever eaten. The staff is always very polite and friendly. I frequent the place quite a bit and they actually remember my name.My only complaint is one time I ordered some takeout food from them, extra spicy (level 4), and it was a 0 spice level. They were closed by the time I got home to eat my food, so I couldn't call them to tell them about the issue. You should definitely try this place!!
4	This is based on the lunch special:For $7.95 you get soup, salad and an entree. There was a fairly large number of choices for the entree- 4 stir fry dishes, 3 curries, 2 fried rice and 4 noodle dishes. Also, if you want any other meat besides chicken it is a little extra. The portions are pretty small, especially the soup and salad, but it was still a pretty good deal for the price. For the entree I got the green curry with chicken and I was very pleased with it. Only complaint is that it stated it has eggplant in it but I sadly only got a few tiny slivers. I'll definitely be back to try some regular menu items.
5	We drive to Henderson from Boulder City to eat at Naga. It's worth the trip. Food and service is awesome. I really love the drunken noodles. Naga brings back fond memories of my many trips to Thailand where I met the friendliest people and ate the most amazing food.
5	This is my favorite Thai restaurant. Tom kha gai soup is both beautiful and delicious! Glad it is in my neighborhood. The staff is pleasant and super responsive , and if you go a couple of times, they will greet you by name. The small dining room is comfortable and stylish, the food is insistently well prepared and presented very nicely, and the service is familiar and attentive without being cloying. Strongly recommend. :-)
5	Whether you are looking for some comfort food like Fried Rice or want something spicy, I couldn't recommend any other place for the finest Thai dining then Naga. I always get the most delicious spring rolls along with my favorite dish, Pad See Wei. Everything taste so fresh and the staff delivers some of the best service. I would highly recommend this place if you want Thai dining experience!
5	Driving up to Vegas from Phoenix--this is the perfect lunch spot. Just off the freeway in Henderson, super easy to get to and lots of parking. The special spinach appetizer is the most unusual Thai dish we had--really great combination of flavors, including dried shrimp and coconut, lime, and super hot chilis. Veggie dishes were in order so we had the Evil Forest Noodle--packed with basil and red curry. The yellow curry was also full of veggies and just the right spiciness. All around everything was great. So, stop for lunch or take a break from the Strip, it is worth the trip for sure.
5	My new favorite Thai place I found in Henderson, so happy I tried them out. Service was great! The waitress was able to give me recommendations and substitute dishes to accommodate my shrimp allergy. The food was is so flavorful and tasting! It's a jewel hidden in this shopping center.
4	Success!!! Found a Thai place I really like.Ordered 3 dishes:Rama noodles with chicken: 5 stars--peanut sauce was so good I used the vegetables to scrape it all up. The noodles - and I rarely like noodles - we awesome. Loved them! Ate it all. And for the money...!Pad pik with beef:  4 stars -- great vegetables. Light sauce. Beef wasn't the best but overall very good. Fried rice with crab: 3 stars -- good fries rice but if we ordered it again we would get a different type of meat. Wasn't bad but far from memorable.Good service. Very reasonable price especially for the quality.Overall: happy and satisfied and will definitely return!
5	My husband and I LOVE this place! We've been here so many times, while we lived in the area. The staff is friendly the atmosphere is awesome and the decor is very nice. Our favorite appetizer is by for the Chicken Satay. I had the Prawns in Tom Yum Noodle Soup, there's a wait for it, but it was so worth it!! We've also tried several of the noodle dishes which was absolutely divine!
5	This is now our favorite local restaurant.  Love the crab rangoon, shrimp in a blanket, moo ping and chicken satay appetizers.  Best crab rangoon I have ever had!  Rama noodle and Pad Thai are so super super good.  The cucumber salad is very refreshing and excellent palate cleanser.  The one time we did have a mistake in our order, the manager corrected it immediately.  We have only gotten delivery from here so I cannot speak to a sit down experience; however, our experiences are always good ones.  Thank you Naga!
5	In Vegas from out of town and found this place on Yelp. The green curry is the best I have ever had! Also loved the Evil Jungle noodles and the Pad Pak. Will definitely come back next time I'm here.
2	I hope management wakes up & makes some changes.  I tried ordering food about a month ago & was left on hold for over 20 minutes...just waited to see how long it would be for fun...it disconnected around the 20 min. mark. Today...I almost walked out after the lady at the counter completely ignored me and then actually left the counter without even acknowledging me.  I overheard one person ask a table if they were waiting for their check...nope...they were waiting for their food.  I was told 45 min for my take out and it has already been an hour.  I'm writing this as I wait.  Damn...why is their food so damn good.   I'm sure they are losing a ton of business.  I'm still waiting...wish I didn't pay already...this is ridiculous!
5	Food is consistently delicious and timely.  I love the real crab rangoons and yellow curry.  Prices are reasonable as well.
5	I get carry out from here all the time. Simply the best!!!  Evil Jungle Noodles are sooo good!!
5	Went here for dinner last night and the service was a little slow but the servers were very attentive and polite. I had a party of 10 and this place a a little small to begin with so they really had to move seating around for us but did it very quickly and politely. I had the beef pad Thai and it was a huge serving and so delicious. I also ordered the fried rice and the cheese rangoon and I have to say they were the best I have EVER had in my life!!! Definitely recommend this restaurant for Thai food!!! Will be visiting again soon.
2	Outstanding food.  I placed a small to go order and I showed up 20 mins later to find that I was not ready.  The women there are very nice.  They recently hired some white guy that is a complete douche and needs to fired that runs the register.  that ass hat was just standing there sizing me up the whole time I was waiting.  I thought I was going to have to throw down in the thai restaurant!  Anyways, the dude was unpleasant, rude, and just put me off to the whole place and unfortunately I will not be returning.  Wahoos next door is excellent though :)
5	Great place. We order from there all the time. If your in the mood for Thai this is the place.
3	Went there for my birthday dinner. I had the pineapple curry, my husband had beef stir fry with veggies and cashews. The food was amazing and very fresh. Took them a little but it was worth waiting for. Very generous serving!  The waitress was very nice but left a big spill of sauce on our table and when asked for a towel or napkin to even clean it up ourselves she pointed at the fresh napkin next to me. That really ruined it for us. Would we go back?  Absolutely!  But with a different server please! Food: 4 stars, service: 2 stars.
5	Great atmosphere. Fantastic service. Perfect music in the background. They had fantastic fresh fried noodles to snack on with a yummy selection of dipping sauces. The soup was out of this world. The curry was tasty and they added some vegetables I have never seen in Thai food before like green beans and broccoli florets. They added a nice crunch that was refreshing. The only drawback I had was that they did not make my dish spicy enough. Even though I am a white boy I enjoy authentic Thai 5 star spice. The problem is ever getting some Thai chef to believe me... So I had to add crushed red pepper, which in my opinion always detracts from the flavor .Overall it was a nice change to the typical bar food choices in Henderson.
3	The food was AWESOME! And that's pretty much where the good review ends. I had chicken pad Thai #3 spicy. Perfect blend of spiciness and flavor. I really enjoyed my meal. Unfortunately, even though they weren't very busy the sever was TURTLE slow. She ignored us half the time and anytime we asked her for something it took her 20 minutes to get it to us. I asked for the check IMMEDIATELY after we received our food and it was ridiculously long before she brought it to us. Hopefully next time is better because their good was so good I really don't want the service to be the deciding factor.
4	I consistently order Pad Thai when I go to Thai restaurants and this did not disappoint!  Its a quaint little restaurant, its everything a quiet dinning experience should be.  I approve!
4	I've never actually been in the restaurant itself, so this review is for their delivery, which I order often!I always order tofu as my protein source for noodles and rice dishes, so I can't comment on any of the meats with the exception of the chicken laab. So far, I have had the pad thai, pad see ew, pad woon sen, rama noodles, pad kee mao, chicken laab, crab rangoons, pineapple fried rice, thai fried rice, crab fried rice, tom yum soup, and panang curry (like I said, I order from here a LOT). All the food is consistently delicious. They are not joking about the spiciness. I usually get a 2-3 spiciness level (out of 4) and that is plenty for me. I highly recommend the rama noodles and chicken laab, if you can't decide what to order. The wait time for delivery is usually 45 minutes - 1 hour. It used to be the same little Asian lady who would deliver my food, but they have a new delivery person now. One time they forgot about me, so they comped my entire meal, which was nice. The only complaint that I have is that their delivery availability is inconsistent. I'm always disappointed when I call and they say they don't have delivery that night. I assume it's because they only have one delivery person and it's his day off or he's sick, but I never know if it's going to be available or not until I call and am already all excited about getting my food. I mean, I literally live 10 minutes away and could easily go pick it up, but sometimes I just don't feel like going out into public and delivery makes my life much easier....
5	Best food ever! Absolutely love all their appetizers, you really can't go wrong! My all time favorite entree is the Rama noodles. Anybody I've taken there loves them. I also like their boba shakes and the corn chowder. Oh and I wish I could buy a bottle of their chili sauce, it's the best!
5	Loved the ambiance. Friendly staff. I'm not huge on Thai food but I had the Pad Thai with chicken at I think a medium level of spicy. It was good and I had some left over to take home.
5	I have been searching for some time for an excellent Thai restaurant near by and this is it! This place is on the smaller side so weekend evenings you may need a reservation. My favorite dish is the Rama noodle. Big Styrofoam like noodles with a peanut sauce and some vegetables. Add chicken and its amazing.Definitely recommend going for the lunch special as well. For $7.99 you can choose a smaller portioned dish and it comes with soup and salad. Dont forget to try the sweet sticky rice with or without mango for dessert.  :)
5	Mangoes are in season...right?!The moment they are, my boyfriend & I immediately think of Naga's mango & sticky rice dessert. If you haven't tried it, you aren't missing much. That's a lie, you'll be missing the focal point of this whole review! Don't read any more till you've tried it. Wait. Finish reading, then head over there. You need to know what to have before dessert.What have we tried? A little bit of everything...Salad RollsChicken SatayCrab Rangoons (fresh crab)Moo Ping w/ Sticky RiceTom Yum soupPapaya SaladCatfish DynamiteLemongrass ChickenPad ThaiEvil Jungle NoodlesThai Fried RiceYellow CurryBasil Stir-FryPra RamAnd of course... Mango & Sticky Rice for dessert. Yes, you say you've had it at many Thai restaurants. Naga does an AMAZING job, as they do with all their dishes. We've never sent anything back, their food presentation is gorgeous, and so tasty. A special note about their peanut sauce, try it. You won't regret it...Located in a strip mall off W Horizon Ridge Pkwy & W Horizon Dr close to the 95, there's lots of eateries close by. They offer lunch specials Tuesday-Saturday from $7.75, served with house salad and soup. You ever thought corn soup made at a Thai place would be delicious? It is, and I'm not even a soup person!We've eaten there numerous times (as you can tell by my long list of food I've tried) and called in phone orders to-go. The staff is VERY friendly! At one lunch w/ Terri R, they were willing to place an order to arrive promptly as she sat down, so we didn't have to waste her short lunch hour ordering and waiting.I have noticed is at times, the food does take a bit long to come out. Usually, I'd deduct a star for this, as I'm one to get very grouchy waiting for food when I'm hungry. However, the quality of food I taste and the good service otherwise makes me forgive the wait. Let's just say it's a 4.5 rounded up to 5 stars. I still always look forward to my next visit.P.S. Their spice level is 1-4, interestingly. I don't know why, and I always forget to ask. They're also very vegetarian-friendly!
5	Tried this place last night. Wow so so good . Got the pineapple curry and  the evil noddles  wow awesome never have had better food mango sticky rice  is great . I have a new favorite restaurate
5	Wonderful!  I love this place.  I would have never tried it on my own, but a friend introduced me to it and I have loved it ever since.  They have a cool decor and great food.  I recommend the Panang Curry and Pad See Ewe.  Both are delicious.    They have weird hours with a gap during the afternoon and are closed one day a week I think, but definitely a place worth checking out.  You wont be disappointed.
2	This place looks really nice inside. I was surprised when the food was mediocre. My husband and I sampled quite a lot too. We heard good things about this place so we were truly disappointed.
4	Food is really good. I've only had food delivered to me from this place. They charge for delivery. There was a mix up with one of the deliveries, and I was overcharged,  but they gave me a free extra order of beef fried rice. Soooooo, that was nice. I love Thai food, I'd keep ordering from here.
5	I've been to Naga  few times now and the service is always excellent. The dining area is not huge, this is a great place that has a small, intimate, cozy feel. I come back and will continue to dine here because each dish I've tried is a winner. I have a gluten intolerance, so Thai food is usually a good choice. I often order curry dishes because any sauce that has soy sauce would not be typically gluten-free. So it's best for my stomach to avoid them. On my first visit, I mentioned my gluten intolerance and my waitress explained that the tofu or shrimp was my only choice for meat, since the chicken and beef were marinated. Since then, I've asked about certain stir fry dishes being gluten free and my waitress was very knowledgeable and was willing to check with the cooks. This is why Naga Thai will continue to get my business. One tip, though, please close the door behind you when entering or leaving. Sometimes the door gets stuck open and it's hard to believe some people are so unaware that they leave the door open.
5	Food is amazing! Best Thai I've had in nevada. I had the chicken fried rice and spring rolls and honestly, it was THE BEST. The only downside was the price. A little higher than most places...
4	I come to NAGA mainly for the convenience and for their lunch specials.  I work about ten minutes away so I usually call in my order before I leave the office and it's enough time for my food to be ready when I arrive and get served quickly. Plus, it's a great place to meet up with my favorite Henderson friends, Shirley B. and Suzy H.  I usually get the chicken Pra Ram with brown rice lunch special.  With the upcharge for brown rice, it's $8.75 for a lunch that comes with a side salad and a small bowl of their corn chowder, plus won ton crisps.  There are other standard Thai dishes on the lunch special menu, as well, but not Panang curry, which is disappointing because I'd get that instead.  Service is always friendly and attentive.  Unfortunately, I have just enough time to chat a little and eat my food before I have to get back to business.  One day I'll come for dinner or on a day off so that I have time to try the sticky rice and mango that Suzy says is to die for!
5	I've been a huge fan for a few months now...Today, I ordered the food for delivery and it was still delicious! The Tom Yum soup and Pad Thai were perfect! The delivery guy showed up about 20 minutes earlier than the time they estimated. I will continue to go back to Naga!
5	First time at NAGA Thai. I had the salad rolls and the Pad Pak prepared vegan. They were amazing. The place is very modern and contemporary. It is a relaxing ding experience. Prices are very reasonable. Love that meat eaters and vegans can dine together with so many tasty choices for both.
1	Uh.....one question.What the hell happened to Naga?It's been a late night work and personal wise for my family and I, and we had not come up with a dinner idea. Needless to say, at 845, I did not feel like starting to cook dinner.I looked on their website, and they stated that they do their last seating at 930. Perfect, we will arrive there before that.We walk in, and there are four other parties dining. It does take one girl a considerable amount of time to even notice us come through the door...which is pretty interesting to me, because when the door is opened, you hear all the traffic and noise from the yogurt place next door. We almost considered seating ourselves.The girl (that we have never seen before) hands us our menus and walks away. Doesn't offer us water.... silverware, or even a napkin. We are approached by a different girl (also one that we have never seen before) she takes our drink order. My guy ordered a beer, and I ordered a soda. She comes back with the soda (that's flat) and informs us that they are out of beer. We ask for water and extra ice. Only one water comes, so, I guess I'll just suck on these ice cubes.We order, and she asks how we want it "put in". I couldn't even understand her...she was mumbling something about food speed. My guy just said, what ever is quicker. We had asked for just one bowl of their chili sauce to go with their crunchies that they serve... I mean, the four little spaces on the combined plate is cute, but you can't accomplish scooping any up.Well, we wait over fifteen minutes for water, refills, and crunchies. No one comes by to check on us, they are in their own little world. The other party still dining actually had to walk up to their counter, with their glass, and physically ask for a refill..... I mean, seriously? My guy wanted to get up and walk out....why Pay to be ignored...? I convinced him to stay.Our food, appetizer, came out. But we still didn't have any silverware, or napkins. I guess my guy was supposed to eat his curry with his hands..We re ask for water, and our crunchies with sauce. We ask the original girl who seated us if we could have silverware and napkins. She said sure......she never brought us any.Our "waitress" did end up bringing us 2 forks, and 2 napkins. The paper ones, that is. I looked around and saw that other tables had black cloth napkins (used). So, we got one paper napkin for the two of us and our baby. Gee thanks, but I wipe my buns with more paper than this....(sorry if that's TMI).The food, was good. I've had better at Naga personally..... I've been able to clear my plate before...and this time I left about half. Something was missing. I was too tired and it was getting too late to even ask for a manager. Our daughter had been good the entire meal time, up until the check came. I just knew that it was in my family's best interest to fill out their little opinion card, and be on our way.The girl who sat us was bringing in their chalkboard sign when we were leaving.Did she say "goodbye" or "thanks" or even a "go to hell".... Nope, not a single word. This staff was so rude, clueless and they should be trained.
4	My wife and I went here for lunch; we were getting scared driving around the ares, seeing nothing, and then we saw NAGA,Pros:  We both ordered the lunch special, which is around 8$ and includes soup, salad, and main dish.  I ordered the Stir Fried spicy Tofu with Thai Chilies and white rice.  It was so deliciously simple and flavorful!  Beautiful atmosphere; friendly staff.Cons:  Our waitress didn't mention brown rice is extra; she simply offered it as an alternative, and the regular iced tea was $3; pretty expensive for Lipton.Overall:  I would go back in a heartbeat; it's one of the only ethnic places to eat this far out in Henderson and it's right by my place of employment.  The interior actually reminds me of a high-end Thai restaurant in Bangkok.
3	I have been to Naga a few times in the past and have always enjoyed the food as well as the service, tonight however the service was lacking. We placed an order for the combination appetizer and a bowl of soup. After finishing the appetizer, we were asked if we had more food coming; I mentioned we had soup coming. The waitress came back to the table and said she was sorry that she had not heard us order the soup, although when we did order it, she had asked how spicy we wanted the soup. The soup finally came about fifteen minutes later. The food was still very good, however  I believe management could have offered us something for having to wait for the soup due to their error. Our waitress apologized for not hearing us order the soup, however it was another waitress that stopped by our table that showed more concern for the error. I believe our waitress could have shown even a little bit of empathy.
3	Ambiance was nice. Food was just okay. They have a range of different appetizers that I've never tried before so that was different in a good way. I liked how they brought a sample of the levels of spice they add to food. I had Pad Thai for my main dish, but it was probably the least favorite of any Pad Thai dishes I've ever had.
4	I have only used their take out service, so I cannot review the waitstaff, but they are always very nice when I order and pick up my to go orders.  Make sure you look up their hours before heading over.  I have accidentally tried to order take out on a Monday (closed all day).  They are also closed between the lunch and dinner services.All the dishes I have tried have been very tasty and the spice level is good, although they do 0-4 instead of 1-5 like some places, so keep that in mind if you are spice intolerant. When you first walk in it seems odd that there is no host stand, but if you are picking up, just go to the register in the back and they will take care of you.
4	I've been coming to NAGA and bringing family & friends since they first opened. Living in Boulder City, one must be prepared to drive a bit for Thai food! My hesitancy in giving 5 stars is predicated entirely upon the issues with waitstaff here.  Not rude or inattentive service, simply not enough staff. On a regular basis I make this the place we celebrate birthdays or special occasions and book reservations, which is certainly required because it's a small dining area.  However, that being said, I've seen many tables for two wait at lunchtime for 45 minutes to be served their food.  The owner's a beautiful Thai woman who's gracious & intelligent and I cannot figure out why she doesn't hire more staff?  I've pointed this out to her & after reading several reviews I see it's definitely a problem which is ongoing. Pow is our favorite server, friendly & helpful, as well as always on top of getting our orders correctly served in the sometimes chaotic lunch visits.  Great food consistently, well spiced and thought out. I'd recommend the Evil Jungle Noodles to most anyone and love the Green Papaya Salad.  Give the place a try and be honest on your comment card if service is slow.  Worth a short wait if you have the time.
4	Food was very good. I had the panang curry with shrimp. They offer spiciness at levels 1-4, but honestly, 4 is not very hot. If you really like some heat, I suggest you order level 5+, or you can ask for hot sauces. There's a powder that they give you that gives a good spicy kick.The ambience is very clean and modern, dimly lit. The service was very friendly.The music was very nice. Great downtempo electronic music. Created a very relaxing atmosphere.
5	Made reservations for my birthday and arrived to a swanky, fun atmosphere. They had a table reserved for my husband and I. The dining room was about half full in the middle of the week at 2pm so people clearly like to eat there. They took EXCELLENT care of us, answering any menu questions, were very attentive and the food was out very quickly. I ordered a Thai iced tea and it was great. We ordered lunch specials- both the peanut and ginger salad dressings were delicious. The corn chowder was also tasty. My husband had fried rice and he said it was really good. I ordered red curry and it was divine. They even brought out a scoop of coconut ice cream with a  candle and sang happy birthday to me. Also, the bathrooms were immaculate. Overall a great experience with fabulous food and service!
3	Came here with the hubby for some Thai dining. I usually frequent Le Thai downtown, but this is closest to my house so I wanted to give it a shot. Hubby had the Thai spicy noodle dish, and I ordered the Thai basil fried rice. Our glasses were filled promptly, but interaction from waitstaff was severely lacking. We waited approximately 30-40 minutes for our food. The place was a little busy, but not bad (it is small, so I get it). When the plates came out we were left to eat our food - sans utensils. It took me about 5 minutes to get forks. The food was good. Almost as good as Le Thai. I'm happy to report that there IS a good Thai Restaraunt in Henderson. Although they still may be working out staffing issues and waitstaff training, the food here is pretty solid - 3 stars.
5	This was our first visit to Naga.  The food was incredible and service top notch.  We had the Lemongrass Chicken, the Pad Thai and the Crab Fried Rice.  Everything was excellent and the spices customized to our desires. We will definitely come here again when we are in the area.
2	Pretty disappointed...simply, Meh! It was close to my new work so gave it a try. Lack of taste overall. I'd say their ingredients are pretty fresh but the execution of combining the sauces and the ingredients needs serious work. We tried combo appetizers, pad thai and pad see ew...pretty common thai dishes. A word of advice, esp. for a guy with normal appetite...don't go there hungry! Or make sure you don't order their lunch special. The portion is really small and you'll most likely leave there hungry. Even with $12 combo app + pad see ew lunch, I'm so unsatisfied! Quantitatively and qualitatively speaking! And don't think I'm a huge Samoan or something... I'm not a big guy any means, 5'9" 150 lbs. The service was prompt and friendly tho. I'm just glad I can find better Thai restaurants near where I live. And with better price too!
1	After working 12 hours under the sun with no break and lunch, so excited to try this restaurant. Which was a nice place, very clean, our food took so long 45-60 min. For two pp and my 1 year old baby. My baby was getting tired and bored. Even the manager thought we were done eating, he asked "can I get anything else for you", I answered " we are just waiting for our dinner still, we haven't started yet". If the place had a movie Netflix on the TV for entertainment , I think we would go back. But nah.... There so many Thai food out there that this place is rated two thumbs down. Taco shop next door looks good.
5	Still love the food here. Can't miss on the lunch special. Husband loves shrimp fried rice, I still go for chicken Pad Thai. Corn soup and salad and crispies are yum.
4	Naga has some good thai food, especially if you like Pad Thai. I've also enjoyed their vegetable springs roles, cucumber salad and Thai Iced Tea. The service is always good as it's a tiny place and their staff has minimal tables to oversee. They are closed on Monday's and tend to get busy around 7ish every other night of the week so make sure to go early if you are hungry!
3	NAGA is a new trendy Thai restaurant on the other side of the world from me.  The restaurant, just like the neighborhood, is beautiful.  Young waitresses are polite and native English speakers.  The atmosphere screams of The District and good date material.  But how's the food?  I got my first clue when I had to flag my waitress down and ask how spicy my food would be after realizing she never asked!  I ordered the Crab Rangoon ($8.50) and one of the house specials, the  Seafood Curry Coconut ($21).  Lunch specials are $8.50, which isn't a bad price, but I like to try the dishes that Thai restaurants are proud of.  The Crab Rangoon were small and wrapped with a very thin pastry.  I usually dislike Crab Rangoon when it is prepared this way, but these had a nice crab flavor.  I believe they used real crab.  With only 6 small pieces, don't expect to fill up on these.  The main course was the Seafood Curry Coconut.  Served inside of a hallowed out coconut shell, this curry came with mussels, squid, fish (catfish?), shrimp, etc.  The curry itself was interesting.  I expected a Northern style curry, but this was something different than I have ever had before.  It was a thick almost chunky paste.  The flavor was very creamy.  Thankfully I ordered my food spicy hot, as I think this curry would have been a little boring without it.  That said, the curry was very well done for what they were going for.  It lacked the complex Thai flavors that I am used to, so I guess they are going for a more Americanized Thai food.  For that, they've done well, but I got a little bored of eating this curry towards the end.  The squid was a little chewy for me, but other than that the preparation was very well done.  While not my style of Thai food, I can appreciate their culinary efforts here.  The food matches the neighborhood and their non-Thai clientele.  I would stick to the lunch specials though, as I don't think that the dish I had was worth the price.
5	This place is a really great place to go for some really great and affordable Thai food. I was here for the second time with a friend and the food was really tasty. The thing that most impressed me was that when we went there was a very strong and disturbing sewer smell in the complex where the building was located. Even though we knew the restaurant can't really control this we decided to simply ignore it and continue to eat our awesome food. We noticed a lot of people complaining and talking to the management about the smell and the Naga Team were courteous and very professional about the situation. When we asked for the check, a man who seems to be the owner came to our table apologizing for the smell (which was not his fault) and gave us a discount on our meal. I was super impressed and pleased with the service and the team at Naga. I would highly recommend this place to anybody who is looking to try a new Thai place. p.s. Try the peanut sauce!
3	The food was okay. Tasted good. But the proportions are pathetic for the price you pay. For the same price, you can get double the food for the same quality. I ordered a yellow curry lunch special and Thai iced tea. The $8 lunch special comes with cream corn soup and salad with dressing. While it may sound like a lot to some people, there really wasn't much entree; the salad and soup should feel like a nice addendum to the meal, not part of the entree itself. Quality-wise, it's standard Thai food. The Thai iced tea was watered down and served in a delicate cup filled 2/3s with ice. I feel like this place caters too much toward presentation and decor of the place than actual quality and quantity of food. For example, I'd rather have a large amount of delicious iced tea served in an ugly styrofoam cup than what was served here. This place is great for people unaccustomed to Thai cuisine and don't mind trading quality/proportions for presentation.
2	Food was mediocre and overpriced. Service was slow. It's a pretty restaurant, but that's about it.
5	Best thai place in Henderson . Great lunch specials nice fresh food.  Enjoyable atmosphere . Check it out.
5	I've been meaning to review, and even started to on many occasions, and end up getting busy and not finishing however here it goes... Naga is amazing!!! The staff there are so nice and we have always had great service. We usually order take out but, on occasion, have eaten at the restaurant. The food always tastes fresh. As a pescatarian (vegetarian that eats seafood), I'm so appreciative that they will make dishes meat free for me and forgo using chicken broth, etc. I have so many faves here; salad rolls, pad prik king, pad thai, spring rolls, crab rangoon, basically all their stir frys. I was so sad before Naga came to town, now I have great Thai in my backyard!  I tried another Thai restaurant down the street on a Monday when Naga was closed, it was horrible, learned my lesson... Naga reigns king!
1	This use to be amazing when Ink was there... Now the service and food is sub-par to say the least... Service was terrible!
4	Not only is the food absolutely delicious,  the staff are very attentive and simply delightful. .. Great dining experience. I would recommend the evil jungle noodles or the Rama noodles. The array of flavors are well put together and very authentic.
5	This place is still amazing. The service this time was pretty good.  Amazingly to us the food came out faster then normal, not sure if they changed the kitchen staff but the food was quickly prepared and tasted really good as always.There were two new people there on this visit we have not seen before and the attention to customers detail was nice to see.  She came out and took our drink orders and brought that right out and took our appetizer order.The appetizer came out pretty quick and then we ordered our food.  Just about the time we finished eating our appetizer the food was at our table which was rare in the past.  Not only was the food prepared to order and tasted just as expected with the right amount of heat, our server came back several times to check on us and to see if we needed anything.This was a very pleasant visit and even though we were short on time, we got in and out in record time.   I really like this place as I have several checkin's here and will continue to come back even though we now liver farther away from this place then we used to.  It is worth the extra miles to drive here.
5	I've lived in this area for 6 years now and always seen it getting off the freeway ,it wasn't till my husband became a yelper that we decided to try a few of the eateries that are in the same complex we always walked by till we finally decided to walk in ,first imprecision was like wow fancy and small felt a lil under dress since we been shopping and were in sweats lol but employes are very friendly and the food was amazing all so very clean is a nice small and quiet place  for a date night  I will defenatly be back .
5	My husband and I were craving some Thai, and we hadn't eaten at any of the Thai places in Henderson. After browsing Yelp and looking at Naga's website & menu, we decided to give them a try! We weren't disappointed! I called after looking at their website and menu, and ordered over the phone for pick-up, and the hostess who took my call was warm and inviting, answering the few questions I had regarding the menu, and then told me it would be about 15 minutes and my order would be ready. Today was a chilly 50 degree day in Las Vegas, and my husband was craving some Chicken Yellow Curry ($12.00) and I was craving some Chicken Tom Yum Soup (Regular size is $6.25) so we ordered them both opting to split it between the both of us.  They rate their levels of spicy from a 1 to a 4, so we chose 2 for the curry and 3 for the soup. I drove to the location, easily found near the corner of Horizon Dr. and Horizon Ridge Parkway. I walked in and the hostess greeted me and asked if I had the pick-up order. As she was taking payment, she was just as friendly as she was over the phone, making small talk (How we heard about them, what made us decide to choose them tonight...etc). My order was already prepared and packaged, and she offered a menu to take with me.Their dining room is small and intimate, but warm and inviting with dark wood, dark modern furniture and dim lighting. Seemed really upscale for being located in a strip-mall type building. It was a beautiful restaurant. Now to the food!The Chicken Tom Yum Soup was DELICIOUS. Spicy level 3 was the perfect level of "spicy" for us.  There were quite a bit of sliced onions in it, but it helped flavor it perfectly. Naga's Tom Yum soup is perfect especially when you're sick or need some soul warming food. I'd opt for this dish over chicken noodle any day of the week.  The (Chicken) Yellow Curry was absolutely amazing. It was the perfect portion size for us to split. The yellow curry was a little runny... more of a soup consistency, but the flavor was PERFECT so we didn't have a problem overlooking that. We ordered the level 2 spicy, and it didn't seem spicy enough for us, so next time we will step it up a notch. For less than $20, it was a very filling and satisfying meal. We will DEFINITELY be return customers!
5	First the "negatives": I can't believe the average rating is only a 4 star! Service can be slow at times but more time to relax and enjoy the meal, company and Singhas! The food is amazing! My wife and I have backpacked throughout Thailand so we had our share of food there . We go to Naga regularly because it is authentic and the best Thai cooking we have ever experienced! We are usually too full to have dessert but can hardly pass on the Mango and sticky rice when in season. See you tonight!
4	So good, so healthy so tasty- unique, make sure you try little bites appitizer
5	So Awesome!I'm torn... I don't want to review them because I want to keep this gem as much a secret as possible.  :)So... went here for dinner last Saturday evening.   Arrived a little after 6pm and it was pretty empty inside.(Note: They are a small establishment.  I think they have a dozen tables and can probably sit about 40 or so.)By 6:45pm, the place was almost completely full.So, my recommendation is go early like we did or order take out.The service was prompt and friendly.Upon sitting you get some won ton chips to munch on along with a sweet, hot dipping sauce.We ordered a Regular Sized Tom Yum (chicken) soup.  It was a good size for the 2 of us.  3 people could have easily shared it since between the 2 of us we each had about 3 helpings of it.  Great Soup!!  Wonderful flavor and light with a bit of heat. It had chicken of course, but also mushrooms, onions and tomatoes in it.  I had the Green Curry with chicken and the hubby had the Seafood Curry.My Green Curry was delicate yet rich and full of flavor.  I'd further describe it as elegant (in terms of flavor). It wasn't oily nor was it heavy like it is at some other Thai places.The hubby's Seafood Curry (one of their specialties) was a coconut filled with lots of seafood... mussels, shrimp, squid and fish.  His curry was thicker and seemed to have a touch of heat and sweetness to it where my Green Curry was more earthy.Anyways... we will totally be back.Note: they are closed on Mondays.
5	Just had to add a 5-star review for this place. The food, ambiance & service are all top notch. Love the retro 60s design. Drunken noodles and Pad Thai were great, green curry was good (not a favorite though) and the mango & sticky rice dessert was perfect!
5	This is my favourite Thai place in all of the Vegas valley. I personally love the Pad Thai and their salad with peanut dressing and corn chowder soup or heavenly. I've also tried several of the other dishes and they are all excellent. Lunch specials are awesome and a great deal. Ambience is nice and staff is great!
4	The Shrimp Pad Thai was great serving size for the take out was smaller than expected! Thus the 4 stars!! I will definitely be back because I want to try the Yellow Curry next!!
5	Amazing food! Looks and tastes like a piece of art. Service is personal and first class.
