5	Here's the scoop. And I can't promise that I can remain calm when I talk about it. I do love a good bargain so. ANY garment, dry cleaned and pressed... $1.99! Yesterday, I brought in my heavy winter dress coat... $1.99  OK, there's more... bring it in my 9 am and it's ready the SAME DAY, after 5pm! After 9 am and it's ready the next day after 5pm. It is amazing! I recently took a dressy dress to our local dry cleaners and they charged me $18! Took it to ZIPS and (come on, everybody, say it together now....) $1.99!!! Shirts are laundered and pressed for... $1.39! What?!? I mean, come on, it's exciting, right?I'm only an occasional dry cleaner user so since they opened I've been in 3-4 times and have yet to be disappointed. Friendly staff, bright and clean facilities. Plenty of parking. There is only one unusual item you need to know: you have to prepay. When you drop off your clothes, that is when payment is due, not after, non negotiable. They provide you with a little key tag to quickly access your account (or use your phone number) so it is super quick and easy. I consider it a small price to pay (pun totally intended) for cheap, good, fast service. ZIPS accepts cash, visa, MC and discover. And they are closed on Sundays. Also, they are on Banksville Road heading into town. It's a pain to get on the other side of the road, especially in traffic, so I try to plan my trips only when I'm heading in that direction. Please try it. I hope it will be such a success, I'll get one a little closer to my house!
1	Zips destroyed my clothes. Among the clothes they destroyed/damaged were a bespoke shirt and tailored pants.  I will be filing suit against them (and their employee[s]) within the next few months regarding their conversion,  negligent supervision,  etc. If you are an upset customer looking for redress or a journalist,  don't hesitate to contact me.Also, if you are looking for an inexpensive alternative to ZIPS, go to the Giant Eagle on the Southside. They're great!
3	Cheap but fair.  They will not clean everything.  Quality is not always consistent.   Pro's:If you drop off your cleaning before 9AM - they will have it ready by 5pm.It is very inexpensive for laundry and dry cleaning.Open lateCon's  Shirt Buttons are routinely damage (missing or destroyed) - they do replace at no charge.No Alterations - this is painful because I have to go to another dry cleaner for work.
1	I had a suit 'cleaned'. It had a spot on the front of the skirt  that was approx 2 inches in diameter. I got a drop of Alfredo sauce on it and spot cleaned it with water. So it let a water Mark. I dropped the suit off, and picked it up. The next weekend I took it out to wear and the the suit was perfectly pressed, smelling like my perfume and yes, the stain was still there! It was clearly not washed, just pressed. I wanted to make absolutely sure, so I washed the skirt iny washing machine, on gentle. Yep, the stain came out.  So my recommendation?  Pay more elsewhere and get the job done correctly.Follow up...My husband went to pick his things up from the cleaners (which I might add also had issues). He was told that the stain was still there because they didn't have a 'wet release'.  it was clear that this suit was just pressed. My husband says that in order to charge the low prices that they have to work on volume, therefore. quality is lacking. If you hand items that can be put in the washing machine, I recommend to wash them yourself and have zips puts them (that's what we have started to do with my husband shirts) kinda defeats the purpose, huh? This way we know they are clean but get that professional looking press. When it comes to his suits, let's just say, I'm sure when they see him coming they cringe because he has stated taking each piece individually, inspecting it, and insisting that it be recleaned if necessary. Even though they save us A LOT on his dry cleaning bill, starting to wonder if it's worth the aggravation.If you need something 'freshened' up as opposed to cleaned, by all means, this is the place for the price. But if you need your item actually CLEANED and free of scents, you might want to go up the street to another dry cleaners.
1	After one let down and disappointment too many I decided to write this post. I've been going to Zips for about a year and a half; in the beginning I only had to deal with double creases in my pants, an overlooked stain in a shirt or two with ring around the collar that had been missed. I'm in sales so my personal appearance is important; I would point these mishaps out and they would redo them, sometimes they would come back clean and sometimes they looked like they just waited until I left and put them back in the plastic and gave them back to me for pickup; and again I would point this out to them and they would finally clean them. I live about 15 miles from Zips, and yes I do go all the way out there because their prices are much cheaper than the previous places I've used, and I know you get what you pay for but I would've appreciated a little effort. Recently in the last 30 days I've taken three batches of clothing to them; in the first batch all 7 shirts for an out of town business trip came back stained or with ring around the collar, the second batch came back with double creases in the pants after I asked for all slacks to the suits be creased; and during my business trip I sat in something at dinner, when I got back I took the suit to Zips, I showed them the stains and had them put yellow tape over them so they couldn't miss them, and signed a wet release as I always do, because if you don't sign one they'll use that as their excuse for why the stains are still there, I went back and picked my suit up with not only the stains still there but now the the pants have been pressed and some of the stains are now shiny; and to add  insult to injury I scratched at a food stain on the pants leg that I hadn't noticed before and it kinda flaked off, indicating to me that they had never been cleaned in the first place just pressed and put in plastic. Now I've delt with this kind of stuff before with them, and I've spoken to the manager and the owner about the condition that my clothes have come back to me in, I've even shown them both on the spot at times when I would pick up some of my stuff, it would help at that moment but the next time I'd go in to drop off and pick up it would be the same old same. So in short, Zips has proven to me that you do get what you pay for, which is very poor quality and service, and if you want to be continually disappointed go ahead and pay them a visit. And NO, I would not recommend them to anyone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I would rather pay two to three times the amount to someone else and not have to check my clothes before I leave their establishment to make sure they've really been cleaned. Bang up job Pittsburgh Zips! Just sayin!
