4	I have been a fan of Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf since my UCSB days in the early 90s.  Too bad they are still not as widespread as some other international competitors in the states.Anyway, it is still hot even in the late afternoon, so I suggested to a friend who prefers Starbucks to give it a try after catching a really good animated movie (Despicable Me).  The place wasn't too busy and we were able to place our orders as soon as we figured out what to order.  The baristas behind the counter were very efficient and our orders were completed within a few short minutes.I tried the Ultimate Mocha Chocolate Covered Espresso Beans Ice Blended Drink - large ($4.85), while my friend tried the Green Tea Ice Blended - regular ($3.95).I enjoyed my drink, although it is not my favorite item on the menu.  But it was refreshing, and lasted until I drove to my appointment at the mechanic afterwards.My friend, on the other hand, still prefers the taste of the ones made at Starbucks.  Well, we can't convert them all :)Anyway...Fast Friendly Service - ALocation - Good when I am in the area, so B+Ambiance - B+Parking - B (plenty when it is not crowded on weekends and nights)So 4 stars.
2	The team members are always very friendly and fast at this location. My only problem with this place is the size of it. It's really tiny compared to most other Coffee Beans and it makes it worse that it's in the middle of Town Square. I always go to Coffee Bean with my laptop to study, but it's almost impossible to ever get a table in here, let alone next to an outlet. There's only five 2 seater tables and they're always taken. I actually went this morning, but all the tables were taken (once again), so I tried to sit outside in the heat to wait a while, but no one was budging. I ended up leaving and going to another Coffee Bean location.I'd really like this place if it wasn't for the seating and size situation.
3	I was at Town Square this morning shopping with a friend and had to stop in to satisfy my pumpkin craving. I am on a quest to try a pumpkin latte at all the local coffee shops this season.This one was pretty good..not the best so far. But it was good. I like to add a couple Splenda to it so that its extra sweet.The guy that took my order was hella cute and very friendly..and they had my latte ready super quick so I was able to go back to shopping.
4	Coffee Bean joint located within the Town Square shopping mall with fast and friendly service.  Was in serious need of some java after an indulgent brunch, and was *beyond stoked* when we asked our friends where we could get a coffee and they responded with Coffee Bean!  Since we live on the east coast I only get my CB fix once a year or so and this was clearly and unexpected surprise, Town Square you rock!  Had the vanilla low cal latte.
4	Ordered the Ice blended mocha and it was really good surprisingly and looked up and said oh that's why it tasted different, I thought I was at the Grind Coffee Shop.  I came here to get coffee to study in Borders because I'm not a big fan of Seattle's Best which is the one inside of Borders.  Nice location, right in the center of Town Square.  Friendly service and always a nice place to sit down and relax to take breaks from shopping.  If you're here with a laptop, be sure to ask for the password for their wifi when you order something.  It doesn't log in automatically like most coffee shops because I'm assuming they actually want you to buy something if you're gonna chill and use their wifi.taste rating in order (my opinion)1.Coffee Bean 2. the Grind 3.Starbucks 4.Seattle's Best
5	Love the people that work there everyone is energetic and fun!
4	I had my "real" coffee here 2/17. I had their Caramel soy latte. I sat down to drink it at a freshly wiped off, super clean table. Mara G. and I had a nice conversation and used the free Wi-Fi. Why do I love that so? A coffee shop with free Wi-Fi even if its only for my new iPhone. I love it and will always return. Thanks Coffee Bean!
4	The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf & Outdoor Seating & Pastry & Clean Restrooms & Friendly Service & Location in an upscale shopping center & No Parking Nearby is pretty good.& that is all...
2	Being a Starbucks junkie, I hardly venture to another chain.  If I DO venture, it's usually to more of an independent coffee shop.  I digress...This Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf is located in Town Square, across from the park, next to Sunglass Hut.There is a handful of tables outside and about 4 tables inside.I had no idea what I wanted to order, but do to the fact that I LOVE pumpkin, I got a regular pumpkin spice ice blended latte.  -1 Star: A regular is more money than a Venti drink at Starbucks.The drink was good.  Kinda tasted like pumpkin pie filling.  It was heavier that what I would have liked, but still tasted OK.  -1 Star: It was so loud inside.  I met my school group here to pow-wow for an assignment and we could hardly talk to each other.  Luckily, a table opened up outside and we were able to relocate.-1 Star: A cup of ice water costs $1.00!  (Free at Starbucks!)I would have liked misters on the umbrella's outside as it got really toasty sitting at the tables, but it was too loud to go inside, so we wrapped up our meeting and peaced out.I think next time I might try out some tea as their flavors sounded good.  But if I had a choice between CBTL or Starbucks?  Starbucks all the way!
4	It is hard to mess up someone's order if they mainly order hot teas and Americanos. Sometimes I venture out of this zone and order a hot or iced tea latte. Depending on the time of day, they either get it perfect or mess up horribly. With the younger teenage looking employees, they don't take much care in preparation and my ice tea lattes come with clumps of  powder or virtually no ice because they improperly cool it. When the mid 20 something baristas work, my orders are perfect.I like this location because Town Square is just one of those places I love to walk around. Now that it is getting cold, I will need something to warm me up while doing so. The loose leaf teas are great. I like how they are not prepackaged and customization is not forbidden. Blending some of their teas make for wonderful flavor combinations. Plus the Winter Dream Tea Latte is back for this season. Yum.
1	The guy who was serving when I asked for hot water for my tea was very rude to me, only to find out that he is the manager of this location.  His name is Chris.  He was telling me to get my water from the faucet near the pick up counter.  When I ask him if it is hot water, he told me it is room temperature.  The manner that he spoke to me was unacceptable and he should know better as a manager that hot tea needs hot filtered water and not tap water for hand washing.  DO NOT BE DECEIVED, DO NOT GO TO THIS LOCATION nor patronize such a business. My first time and I am not coming back.  Starbucks has great service and better price with cordial people.
1	When I asked why every drink cost at least $2 more than at any other CBTL, I was told that because the address is Las Vegas Blvd, they feel they are entitled to charge "Casino Prices". I understand they can pretty much take car-less tourists hostage in a casino setting on the strip, but most people do drive to this mall which is like a regular mall anywhere else in the country. Outrageous!
1	This used to be a great place.  Good atmosphere, good staff, good size menu, and great drinks.  The quality of the drinks is outstanding.  I was a barista a long time ago and grew accustomed to high-quality hand-pulled espresso.  The Coffee Bean is one of the few places you can still get that.  No automatic machines that are unreliable and less than consistent.  The barista's here are trained well and are able to manipulate the machines in order to pull the best shot possible.Here's the PROBLEM: Lately, their prices have gone through the roof.  I'm not sure if it's because Borders is gone, or if it's because ownership considers this a Strip location.  Either way, the prices are unacceptable.  I spent $9 for a Chai Tea Latte and a biscotti last night.  When the order taker told me the price, I nearly crapped myself.  I used to stop in every time I was in or around Town Square.  Rest assured that will no longer be the case.  I don't mind paying for quality, but everything has a limit.  The Coffee Bean is gouging what they perceive as a captive audience.  Remember, most of the patrons at Town Square are locals.I love the product Coffee Bean produces, but I won't be frequenting this location for a long time to come.
3	It's hard for me to low rate this CBTL because coming from the Bay Area, we don't have that many CBTL's.  I was nearby shopping for clothes and I needed a caffeine boost.  I did notice the pricing was a bit inflated but I wasn't going to complain.  Caffeine pah-lease!!!My big thing is that the menu format changed.  I remember getting a green moroccan mint tea latte in the past and when I tried to look for it on the menu this past visit, I didn't see it.  It's almost like it disappeared off the menu entirely.  I ended up getting an iced caramel latte for a little less than $5.  The drink was very sweet but after I shook it up with the ice and diluted it a bit, it was decent.I also came in to CBTL to use the wifi because the AT&T 3G in the Town Square area was crappy.  I needed to get directions to my next locale and I saw that they do offer the standard free wifi.  After attempting to log in to their network myself, I was having some issues...the California CBTL's usually have their wifi network and password on a TV screen inside but not here.  I asked and they printed out a custom username and password to enable customer access.  I kind of wish they had something to inform of their wifi procedure or some sign...I got my caffeine and my directions so I rolled out on my way although it did take me a bit longer than I thought.
1	High $$ for a so-so coffee shop!
3	It's alright here. If I need to get work done and also need to do some shopping, why not? However, it gets 3 stars for nearly getting short changed twice--always count back your change not just at corporate coffee shops but everywhere. I could have donated $10 in the last week to the Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf coffers!
3	The coffee here is really good and you always get good service but it's expensive!  I do like coming here if I'm at work and in desperate need of coffee, but I try to avoid it because it gets way too packed and busy.  Sometimes the line is out the door with stay at home moms and their children. I've never done it, but would love to just come and sit outside and have coffee and people watch when it's nice weather out.  It's one of the few coffee shops I'd do that at here in Vegas since the park is right across from it.
4	The menu here is H U G E; and we were a bit overwhelmed - until the barista asked us what flavors we enjoyed. He then proceeded to create us our very own beverage. It's nice to know that the employees enjoy what they do and truly understand the palate. Not only did we leave with a beautifully blended mocha and an uber creamy latte - but we left with the excitement of returning to try something new :)
5	Love this place! Better than Starbucks! The service was courteous, fast, and tasted great. Check it out. You may of found your new favorite coffee stop ;)
1	Considering the fact that we have a group of family, that come here to LV yearly, I've always enjoyed staying at one of the Strip Resorts and walking to the TOWN SQUARE CBTL, as a form of exercise and relaxation. No longer.   There is a particular male barista (he's been there for several years) whose attitude, along with yes, the ever increasing high prices, have driven me away from this particular location. He is extremely condescending.   You have a sign posted suggesting that we "ask" to try your newest Pumpkin Latte (hot, iced or blended). I figured that since there had been two folks ahead of us and no one behind us, why not ask to try them: which we did, as we'd placed our original orders.   After receiving our drinks ( of which my large hot Chia Tea Latte was only lukewarm) at a $5.50 hot price, of which I tolerated, I inquired where the sample Pumpkin Lattes were. The "stale" male barista simply answered that he was moving as fast as he could but that he had to take care of the other patrons drinks first (at which time another patron or two had walked into the establishment). I chose at that point to simply walk out, as my interaction with that "non-social" barista made me remember that he'd been equally rude on my previous visit from last year.    My suggestion would be to take your sample sign down and don't put it back up again, as clearly your "non-social" barista moves at his own slow pace, which is assisting in driving your customers away and causing you to have to raise prices. Peace out !
5	Ever since my trip to China I have been super into tea drinking.  Finding good original loose tea is hard here however.  I have come to this location a few times but usually in a hurry so it was nice to spend a few minutes learning today.  Their tea selection is way more extensive than any other place i have found in town.  They have varying flavors from chai, to their seasonal teas, to even a summer berry tea that you can eat! The customer service is great to match as Tony spent a ton of time answering my questions and letting me smell the aromas.  They have a tea guide you can take as well which is informative.  So now we need more coffee bean and tea leafs in this town so its more convenient for me to pick up my tea.If you are a tea drinker and like variety this is the place
3	I love the staff here, always friendly and they know what I drink. I come with my dog and sit outside. Few places in Vegas that you can do that. Always get my order right. I like their pastries though I wish they had a better selection. More chocolate cake please!!! Free WiFi... Thank you.
4	Drinks are good.Service is great. Location is clean and spacious with outdoor and indoor seating. Prices are a little high.
5	I've come in a few times since starting to work at Town Square and I usually just get iced coffee. Today I came in and wanted to try something different. Ebony and Jason were awesome and fun natured. I ended up messing up my own order and they assured me it was no problem and fixed it for me. A+ thank you!
5	I previously had written an unfavourable review but since then I have came back to this place and have had great service and great coffee.
5	Usual Coffee Bean & Teal Leaf menu but not as crowded as many other locations I've been to.  Patient staff and quick to fix occasional incorrectly made drinks.
2	We are coffee lovers and usually try to find good in all coffee places. We found nothing good here that would allow us to return. The service was just okay. The coffee tasted very bad and we were not happy.
4	This is a very small location with locked wifi. The service was extremely friendly, the store was packed and very busy
4	It's a new year!!! Even though the prices at this particular CBTL are higher than other locations, both the shopping center and this CBTL location are beautiful, peaceful and relaxing. The service today was excellent so I want to say thank you for resolving the issue that I had mentioned last year. Shannon you're doing a wonderful job of overseeing this location and you set a great example of what customer service should be. See you again next year :-)
3	Good place to stop while wandering around Town Square for a quick drink.  Normal coffee house prices for their drinks and I like that they have a flavored coffee as one of the daily brews.  Sometimes I want a little mix up with my regular dark roast but hate syrups so a flavored variety is just the ticket.I picked up a flour-less chocolate cookie on this trip and my advice is to skip those.  Dry and tasteless is the best description for those suckers.  Bleah!
3	Love the coffee way better than the competition but to charge over 6 bucks for my iced white chocolate latte with almond milk for a small is crazy. I have to whore myself off to afford this kind of coffee. I was appalled by how much more the coffee is here than the other locations. The coffee gods should strike this place with lightening for overcharging this price or at least have a reward card or something like that for frequent peeps. Bleh...
2	Stopped in and it always feels like the staff, no matter which one I go to, is always miserable.  There are no recommendations/suggestions and it's not an experience rather someone takes your order, you move five feet and pick up your product.  Kind of robotic.  In a day where people want a pleasant person helping, this is not the place.
