4	This is pretty much my go-to shoe shop.Get the free membership card, especially if you buy shoes more than 3x a year. Our family of three uses this card, and we don't buy shoes often, except the kid who changes size once or twice a year!They have all the latest styles, which honestly, I care not. I love time less styles, and they have those too, like oldschool chucks and vans.My fav thing here is the clearance rack and the ability to order site-to-store. So if something you want is out in your size or color, just order it to arrive at your local store for free!
3	Seems that everything was priced extremely high on this visit.
4	Shoe shopping?  I'm in! It was actually my husbands suggestion to go get new shoes.  Even though it was for him, I was going to enjoy the moment!This location is tucked away in the strip mall by Target.  It was pretty easy to find since the signage is pretty large.  It wasn't too busy for a Friday morning.  The store was clean and well organized.  I was able to shop and browse the wide variety of women's shoes with ease.  The layout has the tennis shoes along the sides with everything else in the middle.   Yep... easy! I quickly found something that suited me and shockingly quicker than my husband.  The men's side is also set up the same way with the tennis shoes along the sides.  Checking out was also very quick and easy.  The sales associate helping us was friendly and personable.  They do have a rewards card that is free to sign up for.  Since I forgot mine at home, she was able to find my info in the computer.  Thanks!  Overall I had a good experience with this store and wouldn't hesitate to stop back in.  I can't resist shoe shopping!
2	I like walking around and looking at the shoes but it's like going into a restaurant with your jaws wired shut.  I wear a 10.5W and usually end up in an 11.  No 11s.  No wides.  I actually have better luck finding stylish wider shoes at Macy's and Dillars.  (dillards has a store brand that runs wide and comes in 11s)I won't ever buy from Zappos again because of their discriminatory hiring practices so I'm saving tons of money by NOT being able to find my size and style.  (OK... so I thinned down my shoe collection from 120 to about 40 so I really don't *need* any more shoes!)
1	If you're looking for over priced shoes in tiny sizes then this is the store for you! No slip resistant work shoes for under $70 or in larger sizes.
5	Got some shoes for my daughters school they had buy one get one , very helpful was great.
