5	I have been a customer of Precision Imports for nearly twenty years, starting with my 1986 Acura Rx. Al and Frank are the nicest, most honest, affordable mechanics I have used. They have checked out my cars before road trips (free) and have even given me a lift home. My neighbors have also been using them for years and won't trust anyone else. I have never felt ripped off or left without understanding what was wrong with my car. Most of my cars are Japanese, but  I had one GM that was so unreliable and so much fun to drive, Frank knew it was me when he picked up the phone.They do have loyal customers and sometimes get busy.  (Maybe that's why no one has reviewed them before.)
5	Honest, forthright, great customer service, affordable.
5	Our car needed an oil change... and then, suddenly, the air would only blow warm.  Never good in June!  We made the mistake of taking it to the VW dealership, and was told that the relay (whatever that is...) needed to be replaced and that it would cost me $360.  Ugh.Soooo... the Husband (much more knowledgeable about car stuff) gave Precision Imports a call.  They told him to bring the car in to them and they'd make sure it was less.  No kidding!! They got the work done asap, and only charged us $125.   Savings of OVER $200!  Now, THAT is good service!  They just made loyal customers out of us... no more dealerships for our car!
5	These guys (Frank and Al) rock!  They are honest and perform the work that needs to be done.  Just know they  are extremely busy and not open weekends.  I hate to give out this secret but they are that good.  Finally an automotive repair shop with integrity!  I send my 20 year old daughters to them and feel confidant they won't take advantage of them.  Highly recommended!
5	Frank and Al are great. My Jeep keeps going after 160000 miles thanks to them.
5	My neighbor suggested  this place for my car repairs. What a great place. Al and Frank are honest, nice and affordable. Always let you bring your vehicle in no problem. I highly recommend them.
5	I can't say enough good things about this shop. Frank really knows what people need and that's honesty and trust. He never has once tried to pull a fast one on me.  His costs are very low and the service is better than anyplace I've been to my whole life.Ever since I lost my father I've felt that everywhere I went with my car I was getting the wool pulled over my eyes....not here. You walk out of there feeling like you have a friend in the business and I'm not kidding. I've recommend this shop to everyone who had complained they have something wrong with their car. 7 cars, including mine, that will only go to Precision. I'll be a customer for life. Thanks Precision for restoring my trust in auto mechanics, my dad would have definitely approved of you all working on my cars.
1	I've been taking my BMW and Nissan here for about 3 years.  In the past year, business seems to have gone up to the point that they CANNOT MAINTAIN PREVIOUS LEVELS OF GOOD OLD FASHIONED "MOM AND POP" CUSTOMER SERVICE.  Maybe the perfect 5 star rating here has something to do with that, causing business to explode.  However, when this happens a business either expands, or customer service declines.  Precision imports does not seem to desire expansion, and their customer service has become inconsistent and disorganized.  Trust is vital with your mechanic, and Frank/Al broke trust with me in a few areas.  I trusted them up until the past year.  Earlier this year Al diagnosed my Nissan with a "pinhole oil lead causing oil to pool in the back of my engine, replacement required around $500.  It's a very common problem in this model."  I have not seen any oil leaking from the Nissan, but they assured me "just wait it's going to leak."  Later this year, the service engine light came on in my BMW.  I trusted that Precision Imports would run appropriate diagnostics.  They did not.  Instead, they insisted that I had "run my car too low on gas, which caused the light to come on" and rebuked me not do let the gas run too low in the future.  (I had not recently let my tank get too low, and it had been low in the past but never caused problems with the service engine light). They got the service engine light off, and charged me $45.  A few days later, the service engine light came back on.  I thought, ok, the problem must be more serious or a new problem.  I brought my car in.  After several days of waiting, I called to a rude response that they were "extremely busy and just hold on we'll call you when it's ready!"  I let it go, and let a few more days go by.  I called back again, and was returned "It's been ready come and get your car!"  When I pointed out the poor customer service politely, I was returned with "Sorry we've been swamped."When I came to pick my car up, the reason given as to why the light was on astonished me: "pinhole oil lead causing oil to pool in the back of my engine, replacement required around $500.  It's a very common problem in this model."  SAME SUPPOSED "COMMON" PROBLEM AS MY NISSAN WORD FOR WORD!  AND, they were unable to switch off my service engine light.  I just stared at him.  My read: FULL OF BS.  I said nothing regarding this diagnosis, paid, and left.I have googled this problem in both cars, and asked around a little.  Neither is a common problem in either car from what I"ve found.  I was even told they have patch kits for the problem, which was never offered to me as an option.I should add that I also have had 2 "underquotes" on mechanical problems here.  I mean, quoted by phone at one cost, then when I go to pay it was higher.  When I've asked about the higher cost, i feel I was given lines of BS.WHY DOES A SECOND OPINION MATTER?The next day I was driving my BMW.  Now call me a jackass for not opening my engine and checking the coolant, but the car was JUST serviced (including oil change, etc) at Precision Imports!  My car started smoking like crazy, and died on busy Bell road.  I was able to get the car into another auto shop.  They found out THE COOLANT WAS EMPTY.  THIS IS WHY THE SERVICE ENGINE LIGHT CAME ON.  The charge was $10.  PROBLEM SOLVED, smooth sailing since.  I have now taken both cars to 2 different mechanics.  Nothing has been discovered in the area of "pinhole oil leak" on either car.It used to be that Frank always overstated the price a little, went above and beyond with communication, and took care of me.  He came across as an honest old school guy to me.  It's different now.  Frank's more detached.  I get the feeling Frank is eying retirement, and would prefer working on a much much lower volume of cars.  No comment on the younger guy Al.  Earlier this year when I brought my car in Frank said "make sure you deal with me."  I didn't make much of it, but this could have indicated some other issue going on at the shop.  I did attempt to deal only with Frank this year, but his availability has been very low and he had to route me to Al and others.I saw a few guys in the shop with a lot of signs pointing to "previously convicted felon."  I'm all about turning it around and 2nd chances, and I realize this can be a staple of many mechanic shops.   But, business is business and I didn't get a good feeling about a few of the newer mechanics in the shop.I gave them several second chances, and communicated my concerns honestly and appropriately.  But that's it for me.  They lost me as a customer.  I'm hoping that they can turn it around, but for starters they are going to need to lose more customers and reduce the extreme volume or expand to a new location.  If you're going to use Precision Imports, MAKE SURE THE COST IS DEFINED BEFORE REPAIRS ARE MADE.  ON MAJOR ISSUES GET A SECOND OPINION.
5	Precision Imports is amazing.  I'm trying to sell my '99 Dodge Stratus, and a couple of potential buyers complained about a whining noise on acceleration.  I took the car in to Bill Luke Dodge last week, where they replaced the alternator.  I had a pretty bad customer service experience there, but they fixed the noise.  Come Saturday afternoon, I went to close the car's hood after showing it, and it wouldn't latch.  I was so upset---I'm moving next weekend, so I don't have any more time to waste with my car in the shop.  My dad and brother have been taking their cars to Precision Imports for years, and my dad suggested calling Frank and Al to see if they could take a look at it today.  I called first thing this morning, and they said to bring it in.  When I arrived, they were so busy that I didn't think they'd be able to get to my car today.  But Frank offered to take a look at it right away while I waited, and he immediately realized that Bill Luke had forgotten to replace two bolts that attach the latch mechanism to some support beams.  He grabbed a couple of bolts from the back and installed them free of charge.  I was out of there within 10 minutes, and my hood latch works fine now.  These guys are honest and great at what they do.  If I wasn't moving out of town soon, I would never take a vehicle anywhere else again.
5	I don't know if I can say anything original about this place. All of the previous reviews (for the most part) are SPOT ON! After a recco from a family friend, I have been taking our cars here for the past 4 years.  Most recently I had a timing belt and some other normal maintenance done on my 05' Honda Accord V6. The cost was far better than the other quotes I had received (I wanted to see what the dealer wanted), and I don't know if Al or Frank have Thanksgiving plans, but my wife would love to have them and their family's join us! Honestly, the service from these guys is unparalleled! I TRULY felt like I had the work done by a friend. Go Here! I don't care if you have to get your car towed there from Eloy (God Bless You if you do), but do it...  You can thank me later
5	I first discovered these grease monkeys on Car Talk's website when I wanted to take my Toyota Highlander in for service at a place other than the Toyota dealership. Precision Imports had rave reviews on both Yelp and Car Talk's websites, so I figured I could trust them.  I have gone in twice and both times they were extremely professional, polite and have fixed my car issues quickly at a reasonable price. They are a little out of my way, but I'll happily drive the extra miles since I fully trust them to give my car the best care.Here's one example from over a year ago. I took my car into a Toyota dealership for a 30,000 mile check up and they came back with a quote of about $4000 to fix issues with my car that I didn't think even existed, plus my car was running fine! I ignored the Toyota dealership's suggestions. A few months later I drove to Utah, did some off roading and my check engine light came on a day later. I took my car into Precision Imports and they discovered that it was simply some minor alignment issues and fixed it for $45! I asked about the issues Toyota mentioned and they said they didn't find anything like that. Let's see, Toyota told me my car problems about 25,000 miles ago and my car is just fine (FYI: I have over 180,000 miles on my car).Example two from last week. I took my car into Walmart for an oil change and to check out a slow leak in one of my tires back in February.  They say they can't find anything wrong with my tire and suggest I get a new one. I put off buying a new tire and stick with just filling it up with air about once a week.  My check engine light goes on again. I took it in to Precision Imports for my next oil change and to see if they find anything wrong with my tire. Of course they do. They found a four inch nail in the tire, patched it up and the slow leak is gone. Oh, they plugged in something that Walmart probably left unplugged too. $72 for an oil change, patched tire and to check out and fix the check engine light situation.I don't know much about cars, but these guys...these are good guys.
5	If your looking for a import mechanic in central phoenix talk to Frank. He will always tell you how it is and give you a fair price and they will leave you feeling all warm and fuzzy inside after leaving. You can't say that about any other mechanic in the valley.Thanks again guys!-Tony
5	They are the best. I refer people to them all the time. My dad uses them, too. Great honest guys. The only bad thing is maneuvering their tight parking lot. You want an honest mechanic? It's these guys. Ask for Al or Frank!
5	If you own a Honda or Acura and live near Precision Imports then Precision Imports should be your go-to mechanic.  Having owned 2 Acuras and 1 Honda over the last several years, I can't recommend these guys enough.  They work on all makes and models, but they seem to specialize in Honda/ Acura. Their prices are fair and, even more importantly, they are straightforward and honest. Referred my brother when he needed work on his car and he is now sold on them, as well.   Their shop is small and it can be hard to park your car.  Their waiting area is also no-frills so you are better off dropping your car off and coming back later.  High quality work and integrity.  I wish all auto mechanics were like these guys.
5	I believe I first stumbled into this place in 2001 or so.  Had a Honda.  These guys in their little greasy office were my new best friends!  Honest, straight forward, no-nonsense, I'm running out of adjectives.  They told me what I needed, how much it cost and when it would be ready.  I picked up my car when they said and that was that.  Sometimes they gave extra analysis.  Time passed and I moved away for 6 years.     I went back to them about a year ago with a mini cooper - they remembered me and wondered why I wasn't driving a Honda or Toyota :-).  They honestly told me that they could not fix the issue I had (they did not have the high-tech Mini/BMW equipment required), so Mini fixed it for $1,700.  I went back with a Toyota Rav4 - their specialty.  Easy in and out for scheduled maintenance and always less than $40.      Today, they did maintenance.  Friendly service, easy for me in and out.  Frank told me that the Right Rear shock was leaking and since it was under warranty I should take it to Toyota.  I did, they fixed it free of charge (I know, few things in life are REALLY free - especially at the Toyota Dealership).       My point is that Frank told me the up-front truth about my car and didn't try to sell me anything.  He could have ignored it but that's not how he/they operate.  Which is why he and Al are so well regarded and so appreciated on sites like this. It's also why you don't see their name on billboards, or bus benches, or mailers in your mailbox.  No need.  Their reputation supplies them with all the business they can handle.  And they handle a LOT of business.
5	My family has been going here for a long time, but until recently I insisted on using my own mechanic. When he moved away I began going here. Here were the three situations.1. My battery went out and my Acura stereo wouldn't start without a code. I took the car to them and one of them ran out, popped the hood, jumped into the car, did some special trick, turned on the radio, jumped out and said, "There you go, don't worry about it." THEY DIDN"T CHARGE ME!!!!!!!!2. My wife was driving our car on the south side and blew a flat. Her dad changed the tire and shore off two of the posts. I had it towed to Precision with the new posts in hand. They fixed it that day and only charged me $40!3. I had a crack in my radiator and a couple of hoses. I figured it would be very expensive. I took it over there and they had it replaced in the same day for $340.They are honest and efficient. They do not overcharge. Many other people know this so they are always doing a LOT of business. They are THE best in the Central Phoenix corridor.
4	I have been going to Al and Frank for years and several vehicles. They are honest and do a great job. Ive had very little issues with them. The shop is older with 4 bays seems a dirty. Best thing about them is that they are trustworthy and upfront. I have recommended them to several friends. I go back because there is no hassle and I drive away knowing I'm in good hands and if something isn't right they fix it. Their weak side is communication and updating the customer.
5	Love these guys.   They are the best in town as far as I'm concerned.  They have helped me with two different 4x4 Toyota trucks, and when I bought my last one used, they were patient enough and willing to give each prospective truck a once-over and refused to let me pay them.You will probably be able to find a lower estimate at a lesser-quality garage.  Don't do it.  Go see these guys if you want a relationship with an honest no-bullshit mechanic.
5	AWESOME!!!   These guys can do just about anything!!   I had a Cadillac CTS that the dealership could not find out what was wrong with!   They also wanted to charge me 150 to change a tail light bulb.  I have used precision for my cars in the past, and figured I would give them a try with my American car.  They had my answer in about 20 minutes, and the cost was Very fair...... and always has been, and the tail light bulb I believe was $20.So now I own a Nissan Altima Hybrid.  I had something electrical going on with the push button start, and thought,,,, maybe I should take this issue to the dealer as its a hybrid and SOOOO technical.  Frank and Al had me on the road again in about 2 hours and the best part was that the fix was only $120!   I will never again take my car elsewhere!!  Best well rounded and capable shop that also happens to be honest!!!
5	What repair shop doesn't charge you when nothing is wrong? THIS ONE!! I've taken my BMW in twice for different weird alerts showed up. The first time they charged me a fraction of what the guys across the street would have (I know this because I used to go there). The second time I called to see how late they'd be open, they called me by my name (from the caller ID) - love that. They couldn't find anything wrong, after lifting it. And NO CHARGE. I will be back!!
5	Not only do I live within walking distance to Precision Imports, but they also have a stellar reputation on Yelp so I decided to give them a chance when I had a mystery light on in my six year old Mini Cooper.  I thought it was indicating a brake fluid flush.  Somebody helped me immediately and said it was not necessary, but I should get an oil change.  I asked if he was sure because I was taking the car up north in a few days.  He promised to look over the entire car after he changed the oil.  The estimate for the oil change was $50.  When I came to pick her up, she had an oil change for even less than $50, the indicator light was re-set, and the car made it up north and back!I have since taken her in a few more times for various lights coming on and thankfully they have found no issues.  They re-set the light and if no actual work is performed, I'm on my way that same day - for free!I have recommended the shop to a friend who wanted to bring a potential new (to her) used car in before she bought it.  They looked it over - again, for free - and she was thrilled with their service.  Even though I've had no major work done here as of yet, I feel like this shop is honest and does great work.  So nice to have this business in the neighborhood!
5	Honest and reasonable
5	Everyone knows how difficult it is to find a trustworthy mechanic.  I just had my 2010 Camry serviced today at Precision Imports and I will definitely return.  I paid about half of what the dealer quoted and most importantly I trust the honesty and expertise from Precision.  They serviced the transmission and radiator using OEM fluids and did the job right. These guys are true professionals and were very committed to pleasing this customer. Thanks!!
5	I've been going to Precision Imports for almost 20 yrs. Frank & Al are the most trust-worthy guys in the business. Even though I just relocated to the Far East valley (Gilbert), I still take my car to them and rent a vehicle while my car is being serviced. Plain & simple: quality service at an extremely fair price!
5	These guys are great- really honest, helpful, and the antithesis of your typical salesperson-y mechanic. They took a look at my car the day I brought it in, charged me a fair price for the service it needed (in spite of me being a young woman with minimal car-related knowledge) and just made the whole process really stress-free and manageable. Definitely will be bringing my car back here in the future.
5	I just cant say enough about these guys.  I took my car in yesterday for an oil change and my check engine light was also on.  They changed my oil no problem and my engine light was on because I needed a new gas cap.  I was SOO relieved.  These guys are totally honest AND reliable.  These are the kind of guys that I KNOW if and when I need them to do a big job, I'm not going to have to call around to price the job with other competitors, these guys are the BEST!  My boss has been using them for years and that is how I found out about them.  I am divorced so I don't have anyone to work on my Jeep but now I have these guys.  They can never close up shop because I don't know what I will do.  I don't want to go to ANYONE ELSE.  They also put on my registration sticker on my plate because I didn't have the tool to get off the license plate cover.  They are just GOOD GUYS.  Thank you Al!
