4	I expect the same call on the 23rd of December every year, and this is how it goes:*ring ring*Me: HelloFrantic, frazzled, harried mom: Hi honey, how are you?Me: Oh, hi Mom.  I'm good, how's it going?FFHM: Oh, good, except...Oh, I forgot the ham.Me: Of course you did.FFHM: Could you go down to the Honey Baked Ham Store and get me their biggest* ham?Me: *sighing* Sure, Mom.FFHM: Ok, just remember, I want their BIGGEST* ham!  Thank you!  I love you!Me: You're welcome!  I love you too!*Note that the greatest number of adults we've had at Christmas dinner in the past few years has been something like, oh, 7.  And there's a turkey.  And all the sides.  And a few pies.  And a roast leg of beast, or somejunk.  We really, REALLY don't need the BIGGEST ham.Anyway, I pack myself up and get myself to the Honey Baked Ham Store.  And I get in line.  Oh yeah, I'm totally standing outside.  Because it's December 23, and everyone and their mom (except mine!) is picking up their ham.  But look, the line, it MOVES.  It moves QUICKLY.  It moves so fast it's line Disneyland on crack.  I finally get in and my eyes can hardly believe what they are seeing.  The hams are flying so fast they're almost being launched from the arms of the employees into the still-chapped hands of the ham-needers.  I get to the counter with the speed of a cheetah on Dexatrim, and I blurt out, "Ineedyourbiggestham,please!" but my request goes unheeded.  Only hearing "ham" the, by now, automaton of an employee just hands me a ham as one behind me asks if I'd like chutney - which I get every year and which no one eats.And hey, that ham is tasty.  That is the best ham out there, and I don't like ham.  Their turkey is some kind of glazed gift from a benevolent God it was easier to pretend didn't exist anymore.  The wait in the line is worth it, although their efficiency invariably leads to lack of hearing.It's a holiday plight no one's thought of.(Kudos to my mom for doubtlessly laughing at this although I tease her.  She knows she the best.)
4	Spiral cut honey baked ham. DELICIOUS!!!!!! I could eat this ham all year long. Why wait until the holidays.
4	I had a ham from here once.  It was a good ham.
4	Today I came in for a ham. So I ask the clerk at the counter for a boneless ham he brings me one with a bone. I point out it has a bone the clerk says oh and wraps in back up and brings me a boneless ham like I asked. So then I asked if they can slice the ham for me,  the clerk says we sell it by the slice, so again I ask can you slice this ham, and again I get the same answer.  So I just said thanks bought my ham and went home.  I come to find out, the ham was already sliced I just couldn't tell because of the sugar or honey or whatever you call it glazed on the ham. I gave 4 stars because the hams are so good and the clerk was new.
5	Love Honeybaked Hams... and their Turkey is excellent too!  You can even get sides for a complete and delicious meal!OR... you can go for lunch and order a tasty sandwich and side.Suggestion... call ahead and order the size ham you want.... especially if you are ordering during holiday times.
5	I'm a new fan!  I haven't been here in years!  My co-workers use to go here all the time and get a platter of sandwiches!  They were dry, no pop to them.  Just lettuce, tomatoes, mayo and mustard packets!  So I didn't care for them.My son got a gift certificate from his job and gave it to me.  So We go and wait in the line.  (X-mas eve)  Let me tell ya'll  When I took that first bite!  WOW!  That was amazing, it was sweet and crunchy on the edges!  I'm a fan!  I will be getting a honey baked ham every holiday from here on out!
4	When I walked in not one person was in there. (my kinda place!). I'd never been in there before and was craving a sandwich. I got the Ham & Turkey Pesto sandwich. Ham, Smoked Turkey, provolone cheese, lettuce, tomato, red onion and pesto aioli on multigrain flatbread. When I got home I was surprised it wasn't wrapped in fancy logo wrapping. I LIKED THAT! It made me feel like a kid again. Immediately it took me back to when my mom would make my lunch for my field trip and it was always a yummy surprise. I took a bite and it was delicious! The ham was like my moms ham on Thanksgiving! It's so sweet and candy-like. I didn't add any of my own "fixin's" to this sandwich which is a huge plus. The staff was super friendly and gave me a tour of the menu as well as samples if I liked. I love this place!
5	I was craving a Honey Baked Ham sandwich and since it is close, I had to satisfy my palate.  So glad I did. Everything about that sandwich was perfect. The croissant, the meat (for sure), the mayo (they mix it there), the honey mustard, and the fresh lettuce and tomato. Oh my...I want another one...
5	I love this place. I like the classic ham sandwich. The food is yummy. You can buy sides when you don't cook. You get a stamp card for free food. Plus, they are always super nice.
5	I expected a long line the Tuesday evening before Thanksgiving....they were well organized and I was in and out of there in less then 10 minutes.  The Ham is wonderful and the side dishes are always an easy and delicious addition to any meal.  Thumbs up!! Very Friendly Employees
5	I first tried Honeybaked at a friends house and was impressed with the taste. This year I didn't want to make a ham or a turkey so I did the next best thing, I order them. A 4 pound bone in ham and a turkey Brest roasted to perfection. Both come with that nice glaze and very flavorful. As expected the line to the store was out the door. I pre ordered mine by phone but if you order online you bypass the bigger line. The wait in line was only about 20 mins and the girl who helped my was very pleasant. You can tell she had a long crazy day but kept a smile and positive attitude the entire time.  The price is a bit high but I feel it is worth it for the quality of food they give you. They also have side dishes you can buy and the serve sandwhiches on a regular basis. I will use them again and recommend them to friends.
3	Bey good food. The only thing is that it's a little bit pricey for what your getting.
1	Now I don't know about the hams but sandwiches were atrocious and not the best service either. My ordering process went alright, the lady at the registered handled everything fine, but the sandwich making process was the issue. They were out of the appropriate cheeses for my sandwiches, and on the last sandwich the woman says, "I didn't see that you didn't want tomato on two of these. Do you want me to unwrap them and take the tomato off?". I really didn't know what to say to that. Why hadn't she read the order before thoroughly? All I could say was "No I'll take the tomato off myself". I was in a hurry to get back to work! Anyways, my roast beef sandwich (I don't eat ham or turkey and thats all they really offer) was the worst $7 sandwich I've probably ever had. Horribly spicy wasabi like mayo, one thin slice of roast beef, and dry croissant as the bread. I've had better sandwiches on an airplane. Not any place for lunch-the end.
