5	If your looking for an agent ask for Kyle Simmons!  One of the most reliable and honest agents I've ever met.  He will be dealing with all future sales from now on.
5	We were relocating across state for my partner's career. Moving from CA to Las Vegas is not a simple task, especially when looking for apartments and rentals. On top of that, we didn't have the luxury of time and we needed to find a place to live in a very short amount of time (10 days). We were referred to David Peters by another real estate agent. Not knowing anyone in the area and not wanting to waste anymore time, we decided to put a lot of faith and trust into him to help us find the perfect place. He gave us access to his MLS site with listings and saved searches that met our requirements. We marked the properties that were our favorite and also the ones that were a possibility. We had to make an urgent last minute weekend trip to Las Vegas to view these properties and make a decision because we were running out of time. Luckily, we were able reach David after his office hours (I think we called at 9:30pm) and snag a last minute appointment to view properties the next day! We drove out to Las Vegas the next morning and in 5 hours met with David at his office and went right to business. We went through our bookmarked listings and he drove us to the places we wanted to look at. We saw at least 7 properties in one day!  Some were great and some were not quite what we were looking for (Pictures don't always show everything). After a very long and tiring day, we finally decided on a place, filled out paperwork, wrote out a deposit, and drove back to California...but, unfortunately the property fell through. The property management company for that property was terrible to deal with and very unprofessional. (Not David's fault) We kept in touch with David and he was more than happy to get back out there to help us find the right place (time was ticking and we needed to find a place in 5 days).We made another last minute trip back to Las Vegas and this time we were more wary about the places we looked at since we were burned by the last. David practically spent 2 whole weekends (day to night) driving us all over Summerlin and Centennial Hills to find us the right place to rent. He was dedicated!  As picky as we were, in the end we were able to select a place that we loved, that fit our needs, and the location is killer (Summerlin) - Right across the way from a huge recreational park, large dog park, hiking, bike trails, huge array of restaurants and great shopping centers. Not to mention, we're conveniently located 13 miles from the beloved Strip and 8 miles from our stomping grounds, Chinatown. We were able to get just what we wanted. So far it's been a week in our new home and we are very comfortable and happy with the place. Our neighbors are all so friendly and kept stopping by to introduce themselves and say hi. Also the property management has been very professional and helpful. We are so appreciative and glad David was able to follow through and help us! I would recommend his services especially if you are from out of town and not familiar with the area, he will take care of you! He handled calling every property management company for us and did all of the questioning for us. I especially loved that even after hours, he was very easy to reach! He is just a phone call away.Since he doesn't have a personal yelp page here is his contact information to reach him-David Peters (702) 415-0828
5	I have worked with Rob Pistone and his assistant Liz in a B2B fashion for the past 18 months, on a monthly basis. They have repeatedly been pleasant to deal with, professional and have fostered a positive business relationship. Although most of our interaction is via phone and email from a distance, I was pleased to see from an in-person visit several months ago that they treat people the same positive way in Rob's Coldwell Banker office in Las Vegas as well. I recognize that despite the fact that the Real Estate business community is one that has mostly very well-intentioned people, unfortunately there are always a minority of companies and agents that are not diligent about the work they do or how they treat customers. My experience has been that Rob Pistone and his assistant Liz have demonstrated a consistent focus and priority towards paying attention to how they treat people and definitely care about what their reputation is with customers and potential customers.I would encourage anyone seeking to do business with a dependable and reputable Real Estate listing agent in the greater Las Vegas area to put Rob and Coldwell Banker Premier Realty on a short list to call and consider before making a decision. I trust the reputation of my business to be tied to him and expect a positive relationship to continue. Thanks for being such a steady and positive partner Rob. Your guys are great!
1	Worst experience. My realtor, Hanna, was impatient. I always felt rushed when looking at homes. Then once we did make offer on a home, it was "radio silence". Hardly any communication. I had to reach out to her to get updated info on how the process was going. I would have fired her and gone with someone else if I knew it wouldn't delay the process any further. She is not good at customer service nor does she pay attention to details. She would also ALWAYS try to reschedule our appointments to a later time. Overall, using this realtor and this company was a very negative experience. Also she never once drove us to view the properties. We would meet her at first address and then follow her in our own vehicle to each subsequent property. What realtor does that?? One that is rushes to go to her next appt! Neglectful lack of customer service. But hey, she got her commission right???
