5	Away from the road and quiet. Had my daughter birthday party here and guest really liked the location.  We where there for several hours and you would have thought we rented out the entire area because we where the only ones there. Bathrooms are close to the play area and ground are very clean.
4	Really nice park with basketball courts, play area for kids, shaded picnic/ benches and walking trails. This park has A LOT of open grass play perfect for a bunch of friends to play flag football, soccer, lay on a blanket and have lunch. I'm not sure when they get busy but every time that I've been to this park, hasn't been TOO crowded!
4	I appreciate neighborhood parks that function as green space along walking trails. With that in mind, I appreciate Sonata Park, which functions as green space along Seven Hills Trail.   On my three walks through Sonata Park, I was passing through on a hike along Seven Hills Trail. Sonata Park is in a scenic spot of Seven Hills Trail. It sits at a higher elevation. A few hundred feet from Sonata Park, Seven Hills Trail provides spectacular vistas of the Las Vegas Valley.  A manicured field of grass is the beautiful topography of the park. It is an inviting place to play ball, fly a kite, and relax. The lush vegetation that borders Seven Hills Trail is prevalent in Sonata Park. In the vicinity of where Sonata Park narrows to the Seven Hills Trail at the Seven Hills Parkway tunnel , bunny rabbits are active. In the trees above, all kinds of birds are active throughout the year. Sonata Park is enveloped by attractive upscale homes that sit at a higher elevation than the park. The nice thing is that I could park in the parking lot-sufficient parking-and be rewarded with spectacular scenery hiking in both directions. Southbound I could walk to Anthem, where the Seven Hills Trail provides spectacular views of the Valley. Northbound, I could walk toward Vivaldi Park where there are spectacular views of the Valley and Henderson Airport.
5	I don't know if its the Seven Hills, but this is one of the best parks I've seen since I've been in Vegas! It's not too busy, so maybe that's why is so clean, or that's what I used to think till today, when I saw the cleaning people! I've had taken my puppy to the vet earlier in the day and after that took him to Sonata Park! Today, all by myself for over 20 minutes, well and the cleaning team! This is not a 'dog park', is a everybody's park, kid, parents, grandparents, oh, and dogs are welcome too :)
5	We don't live in Seven Hills (wish we did), we accidentally found this park and we now bring of our two maltese puppies almost everyday. It is very well maintained and mostly we love the kind of people here, mature and respectful. Not like that dump park in Silverado Ranch where you fear to get bitten by large leash free dogs or even getting mugged, which has happened in the past.
