5	Once again this is more a concert review than a review of the actual venue.  My girlfriends and I went there last night to see Joe Grushecky & The Houserockers last night.Oh, and some guy named Bruce Springsteen was also on stage!  It would be too easy to dismiss Bruce Springsteen as a gigastar so far removed from his roots that music no longer matters to him.  I read something comparing him to his compatriots Bob Seger (who has long retired), John Mellencamp (who is getting back to his roots) and John Fogerty.  If Springsteen is now a multigazillionaire, you sure wouldn't have known it last night.  He came on stage and said "I'm opening for Joe tonight!"  Oh yeah, and this show was all about Joe Grushecky & The Houserockers featuring Bruce Springsteen.  Joe & company weren't backing up Bruce.  It was the 15th anniversary of their joint CD "American Babylon" and a lot of songs last night were from that album.  The group launched into "American Babylon" and also did "Never Be Enough Time" and my favorite, "Homestead".  I really like that song 'cos it gives you the history of the Homestead Works and now the irony is there's a big box center on the site where you can buy goods made in China.  They also played the seminal favorite, "Talk to the King".Springsteen fans weren't disappointed though 'cos the band also did "Thunder Road", "Atlantic City", and "Fire".  For those fans of Grushecky's old band, the Iron City Houserockers, they did "Pumping Iron, Sweating Steel".  I've never figured out how these two guys know each other, but they are old friends and it certainly showed on stage last night.  They were having a great time up there!  So were we.  The funny thing is I only have one Joe Grushecky & the Houserockers CD, "End of the Century" and only one Iron City Houserockers, "Pumping Iron, Sweating Steel, the Best of..".  But boy-o-boy, this was one of the best concerts I've been to in a long time and I've been to a lot this year.Oh, and one other thing.  I'm s-o-o-o-o glad this amazing concert was my 400th review!
5	It was supposed to have been a one-time thing, wasn't it?  You know, a single two-night stand of a collaboration between an international music star and a local favorite.  Wasn't it only a year ago that these two combined at Soldiers and Sailors Memorial Hall for an electrifying night of music?So when it was announced that on November 4, 2011 Bruce Springsteen would be again joining his old pal Joe Grushecky (and the Houserockers) on the very same stage, I viewed it with some trepidation.  After all, sequels usually suck don't they?  Either that or Part II is never quite as good as Part I.  Right?  So I thought as my friend Marla and I entered the concert hall.  And I might add we might have very well bought the last two tickets available for the show because we were w-a-y in the back.  But hey, it's  a 2700 seat venue so even the last row is pretty good.Our fears were for naught.  Gurshecky/Springsteen 2011 was every bit as good as the 2010 version!  The show began with Johnny Grushecky's (Joe's son) band The Composure.  I don't know their material at all, however Bruce got up on stage and joined them in an impromptu version of "Dancing in the Dark".  Bruce then went into an acoustic solo set of "For You", "Land of Hope and Dreams", on which he played acoustic guitar and harmonica, and "I'll Work For Your Love".  Now think about it, if you're a local band like Joe Grushecky & the Houserockers, how do you take the stage after a lovely set like that?  And are you up to the challenge?Well Joe and the boys sure were!  They went into "Everything's Going to Work Out Right" followed by "Swimming With the Sharks" before going into a Bruce song, "Atlantic City".  The rest of the evening was spent going back-n-forth between Springsteen & Grushecky material, including "Code of Silence", "Glory Days", "Never Be Enough Time", "Because the Night", "Talking to The King", Joe and Bruce dueting on "Fire", and my own favorite--the Springsteen-penned, Grushecky-recorded "Homestead"  ("I heard all 'bout the 12 hour shifts in the mill/And our union brothers the Pinkertons tried hard to kill/Heard about Frick & Carnegie the day the river ran red/And how the union caved in in Homestead")*  As the newspaper said, "Many bands can replicate the Springsteen oeuvre note-for-note, but the Houserockers are probably the only band outside the E Street Band who get the subtle nuances of the material without drowning in parody".All in all it was another terrific night of music.  Will they return for 2012?  We can only hope. From last year's show http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_8C9zodJgc0And this year's http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_2oLIefx8ks*Note--both of my grandfathers worked in the mills so I think that's why this song resonates with me.  And yes, I am very pro-labor and pro-union!
4	There is no doubt this place is beautifully breathtaking,  but the catering is little to be desired.  We attended the Military Ball last night and the venue definitely set the stage.  The venue gets 5 stars.  My only issue was the food.  It was terrible.  I felt like I was eating dog food. Beef tips on rice with bland potatoes and green beans... When you think beef tip for a fancy sit down dinner you expect more than 3 pieces of smaller then bite size beef. I definitely was not happy.
5	Love this memorial hall that commemorates the soldiers who fought in the various wars for this country. The Gettysburg Address is inscribed on the wall right about the stage and it adds to the Hall's nostalgic feel.  I love coming here every year for the Pittsburgh Bodybuilding championships. It's a cozy and intimate theater that's extremely comfortable to watch the stage from. On an added note, this building was used to film one of the scenes from the movie, Silence of the Lambs
5	Huge hall !!! Beautiful. It even has memorabilia from the soldiers and it's great for anyone who has never been to Pitts and don't know much about its historic background. Talk ceiling is beautiful. Also did you know the movie Silence of the lambs was filmed here.
5	Beautiful building for my BIL graduation ceremony!  Lots of history.  A+
