4	Nice Sunday in the Park with the Hubby's family.  The park has a little duck pond of a lake that looks like people try to fish at. There are lots of paths all over great for rollerblades, scooters, bikes and walks. They also rent paddle boats , go cart like bikes and family bike carts. The park has lots of ramadas with grills and big picnic tables.  The bathrooms are at the ends of the park but its not a bad walk.   They also had a kids / baby playground at the north end of the park but we didn't venture over there.
4	I took a tour of this Kiwanis Park Rec Center facility yesterday and was blown away by how nice it is! As many of the other reviews state, this place is home to a 9,500 square foot gymnasium with "Robbins Flooring," 15 lighted tennis courts, sand volleyball courts, a fitness room with cardio and strength training equipment, a lap pool / wave pool, conference rooms, locker rooms, and more.  They offer all kinds of activities year-round including sports camps, yoga, pilates, dodgeball, CPR and First Aid classes, and so much more.  The best part? It's extremely affordable at just a few dollars per visit.The park across the street is huge and gorgeous... if I lived closer, I'd be there all the time with Minnie!I am actually hoping to plan some kind of family friendly Yelp event at Kiwanis Park Recreation Center in the near future - stay tuned for details!
4	Went for the free "Movies in the Park Free Family Movie Series" last night and really enjoyed myself. The park has a giant inflatable movie screen where they show family movies every Friday night at 7 in the early spring months. Get there early to get a spot closer to the screen and bring a picnic blanket to relax on. It got a little chilly later in the evening, I would bring a blanket to snuggle under too.
5	I used to go here up until I was seven years old. Then my family moved to Boston.First, the wave pool is completely amazing to a little kid growing up in Arizona, a kid who may have never seen waves before! And the waterslide was scary as hell, but awesome when I got up the nerve to go down it.And then there are the ducks around the manmade Arizona pond. I loved all those ducks and one time this duck let me put him on his lap and I pet him and he just stayed there! I looked for that awesome duck each time I went back to the park afterwards, but never found him again.
5	So glad Tempe has an area like this... a few miles down Mill and you feel like you're in another town. Nothing but green everywhere and water..love it!!Went to the batting cages... for $1.25 you get 14 pitches... you got pools...lake..basketball/tennis courts you can even pay to join games i believe..just an all around cool place for some physical activities. And cheap at that!
2	Nice facility.  However the batting cages are truly the worst I've ever used.  I've been twice now.  No matter which cages I use, the machine is extremely inconsistent.  Out of your 14 balls per token, expect to get 3 or 4 "strikes" and the rest unhittable.  I like that they have multiple slow-pitch softball machines, but I feel like practicing on these machines is more likely to mess up my swing than improve it.  Too bad, because the location is great and the rest of Kiwanis Park seems cool.
2	As a long time Tempe resident and Kiwanis cage users for many years, I have to say that the Parks and Recs dept. should be ashamed of themselves--for the condition of their machines.   Although they've raised the cage fees, the quality and condition of the pitching machine are poor at best!   I was there on September 8th, and there was only one softball machine working.  All others either weren't pitching or pitching off target.  I've complained to the staff there, but it didn't do much good.  I also wrote an email to the Parks and Recs department, but received no acknowledgement or reply.
4	Lots of fun outdoors activities to do here at this park. There's also an indoor pool and wave pool to cool down on those hot summer days!  The park itself offers boat rides, bbq areas, and paths for those that want to walk, bike, or jog.  I was looking for a place to go running outside with a scenic view that wasn't a canal.  There were a lot of duck um, by products on the sidewalks, and there were a lot of, uh, dog by-products on the grass, so I probably won't be jogging or running here anytime soon.
2	Nice Facility. But most of the staff is very rude. Especially the lady in the reception and batting cage.
1	Warning to parents:  the wave pool is not safe for children under the age of eight. My five year old is a strong swimmer (Gold Medal Swim School in Chandler for 3 years) and almost drowned due to a current created by the waves. The lifeguard posted right above her made no move to rescue her until I told him she was drowning. She was crying for help but he didn't hear her.   I thought this would be a gentle pool as it was for a child's birthday party.  If I would have known the strength of the waves I would had my swimsuit on and my daughter in a life vest. I hope the lifeguard finds a different summer job- he almost lost a little girl literally under his nose.
5	Suk in the Fitness Center was a treat to work with. He cared about making fitness a lifestyle habit and something you could continue with long term. The gym itself is nice, plenty of circuit and cardio equipment, as well as some free weights. What made it five stars though was Suk checking in on you in your workout when she was around.  Thanks!
4	I used to play in a Dodgeball league at Kiwanis! Super cheap for open gym Dodgeball, like $4? The gym is always clean and everyone's super nice :-)
5	Worth every penny! It's so nice to be able to swim without being out in the heat. I have a pool and still go here a couple times a week. Be careful with small kids though, the waves pack a punch.
5	Recommend to family & friendsIf you are in Tempe, you must visit Kiwanis Park. This is such a beautiful park. Not only is it beautiful, family and friends would love it here for the weekend fun or holding an event. My first visit was when the boyfriend and I visited his house, located in Tempe and walking distance to the park. I fell in love with the park. There's a lake and a long sidewalk for runners out there. Best weather to run would be during the fall in the evening. Apparently it's still warm during the fall here, no surprise since we're talking about Arizona, desert state right? Haha...What will catch your eyes? The lake! Who would imagine desert like Arizona would have water?! I didn't... haha. Great place to bring your kids and family here on the weekends of after your meals just to walk around and breathe. What caught my eyes were the sign that says 'crossing ducks' http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cSVmQusncacVHsCHObA1Gg?select=FeK9GKxNBVIGdQlp-FASFw#FeK9GKxNBVIGdQlp-FASFw Made me smile :)Take a look at the website : http://www.tempe.gov/index.aspx?page=774there's many activities you can do with your family and friends. Oh my, did I mention? There's a wave pool inside of the recreation center! You heard me! Wave pool! How cool is that? :D There's also a fitness center (might need to be a member), tennis court, volleyball (my favorite!), batting cage, and some rentals (ask them for specific rentals). Seriously can spend a day here. Make sure to watch your children if you are walking near the lake because there is no barrier. Keep your kids by your side just for safely. There are ducks and probably random fishes in the lake. You can fish at the lake, but I wouldn't suggest to take the fishes home to eat. D: So glad this park is just 5 min walk from his place in Arizona. Will come back, maybe next time I'll bring my dog. :)
4	The hub and I love going there early on Saturday mornings to catch some fish.  And because we are new anglers, we usually watch everyone else pull out fish by the dozen while we just get  bites.  Nonetheless, we always enjoy being by the lake except when people with electronic toy boats come out disturbing the fish!
5	Who really knew how amazing this park is? It is a mecca of fun and good times.They offer so much here, it is hard to cover it all.They have a great little man made water way inside on the Mill Ave side. IT is a giant pond,you can take little water crafts on it.  It has ducks and fish as well. They also have a lot of covered Picnic areas with grills so you can have Birthday Parties and such. All well lit also. Along with clean(as clean as you can get for a park) toliet areas. Lots of rolling hills for exercise or to bring your dog.Our dog loves coming here. It is like disney land for her.On the other side is the grat wave pool, and a great gym. The park offers all sorts of classes and sports leauges for all ages.Lots of places for kids to play.It is just great! The only thing I am not crazy about is on the weekends they sometimes also parties and get togethers here that drive me nuts. Because, the music will start early in the morning and go all night.It can really be loud at times even with your doors and windows closed.Unfortunatly I live close enough to hear it. But, if you have kids or dogs, it is a lot of fun and a great place to explore.
5	The more I come to this park the more I like it.It has every thing you could want for so much fun! The other day I was there and they had horses there. Doing maneuvers! They were Police horses ,that was so cool.It is a huge place with so much to offer.It has a wave pool, and a huge man made pond. In there you can fish, and boat, or just sit and enjoy the water.Bathrooms are,well park kind. I do not use unless I absolutely have to, but at least they have them.Lots of areas for parties and get togethers. I do not know if you have to get a permit for that, but you can check their website.Lots of places to park and you can ride bikes all around in there as well.
4	OMG...what can I say about this place that hasnt already been said.  Me and my BFFs flew into Phoenix tlo check out spring training games.  We needed to find some things to do once the games wrapped up and found this little gem in the heart of Tempe.  Wave pool, basketball courts, baseball fields, tennis courts batting cages...oh my!  We felt we had died and gone to heaven!  We first started on the basketball court but only had 40 min before they had to clear it for volleyball practice.  Bummer!  We then raced to the batting cages.  The attendents greeted us with awkward silence.  Maybe they were in awe of our hitting abilities.  We saw some people doing some hitting practice on the baseball fields.  My friend Justin said, "We should like totally go shag some fly balls!"  And we did.  It was the best day ever.  It was so awesome that we came back the next day to try to use up the rest of our batting cage tokens.  But when we got there, we couldnt find our card.  What a drag!  Kiwanis was the highlight of our trip for sure.  Because there really isnt much to do in Phoenix.  We have decided that Phoenix might be the 6th largest city in the US but it is the last choice in places to visit for vacay-cay.  And talk about rude people.  I saw someone leave a bar and then steal a glass.  I confronted him and said yelled "Are you kidding me?  You gotta steal stuff?!?"  He then shot back with a ice cold stare: "Do you feel lucky punk?"  I did not feel lucky so I backed off.  The only reason Id ever come back to Phoenix is to go to Kiwanis.
5	I must start this by saying I am spoiled. Ever since I moved to Tempe in 2008, I lived super close to Tempe Town Lake. I was in love with running at that park, but now I live on the south end of Tempe and TTL is really not convenient in the morning rush hour traffic. Once I discovered that Kiwanis was basically my "down the road neighbor," I have been going regularly. I love to run in the mornings with my dog before the weather gets too hot for him. I think Kiwanis may just be his new favorite place because he loves to chase ducks! This park, while much smaller than TTL, has a ton of ducks, fish, turtles and other types of birds that call the lake their home. You see people with nets and fishing poles out there fishing all times of the day. There is also a huge playground for kids, many pavilions and grills for family get togethers and sometimes they play a movie on a big projection screen in the park. If you're an outdoorsy person, definitely check out Kiwanis Park!
5	Kiwanis has everything a rec center needs to be considered one of the best. Right to the point, if you ask me. I'll cover it all, but regardless of age, they have all the bases covered. Lets dive into Kiwanis (we can dive into the wave pool later!)~What To Do~What can't you do? If you are a child, they offer sports classes up the ying yang like the non-competitive program Sportball all the way to fun swimming classes in the huge pool, no matter the skill level. For adults, the tennis courts are outstanding, as is the fitness room too! Finally, for the older crowd, they have many fun programs available for you to stay active and happy!~The Good~I really feel that to be a true RECREATION center, you have to be able to provide a large variety of programming for the masses. Kiwanis, in my eyes, offers just that and more. They offer the largest variety of programming I have found in the valley. With me personally being a sports coach, I have been to many city rec centers, and no center is the same. This center is at the top of the food chain. They also offer a batting range, A BATTING RANGE. Do this equation: Batting Range + Wave Pool + Gym + Tennis Courts + Awesome Staff = Bonkers Good Facility. Just stop by with your child, sit down to the left and look through their program guide....you will see the breadth of their course offerings..then you will see the huge wave pool behind the desk and be sold!~The Bad~It is an older facility, and being so, there are some visible areas where they could do some minor renovations. However they just re-did the bathrooms and also touched up the walking areas near the softball fields, so you can't say they aren't trying. My biggest complaint is parking, which is situated in bulk on the opposite sides of the center. It makes for a relatively long walk no matter which side you park on. They have a minor row of parking right up front, however if you come anytime really after open on a weekend, don't bother trying to find a spot up front. In the hot summer months, that can be a bit of a nuisance, but really that is worst it gets here....parking... haha :-)~The Down Low~This is my favorite center to teach at. I prefer it over all others. It is the largest, has more options than others, has spacious grass to frolic on (I said 'frolic' in a review, life is complete now), and the staff here are extremely helpful and courteous each time I converse with them. Like I said earlier, just come down and grab a pamphlet with programming info, you will be very happy. Message me if you have questions about programming, I am glad to help!!!
4	Well run for being a city ran facility.Rent a raft and ride along the walls when the waves are kicking for the best experience.Compared to the big water parks this is a great alternative a fraction of the price and line time.
5	Geeze this park is huge my boyfriend and I were looking for a birthday party today for almost a half an hour. No ones fault though we just didn't know where to go. We finally met up with our friends and had a great time. There was a lot of shaded areas around the park some huge ponds, I think I saw people walking with poles so fishing definitely would of been a fun thing to do. The kids loved feeding the ducks but we had to watch out for those 4 seater bikes. The park rents out those and cute little paddle boats. All around a very nice park for any family and friends get together
3	Nice park with lots of things to do.  Batting cages, indoor wave pool.  Nice place to take my grandson to play.  They recently added some new things to climb and jump on.
4	Awesome park! Have been going to this park since before I can remember. I train myself and clients here as well. Everything from soccer fields to tennis courts to softball fields. This park seems to have it all.
4	Very nice facility offering: a wave pool, tennis courts,  batting cages and much more.  The building has some years on it, but it is well kept.All services are "pay as you go" and reasonable in price.  The pricing is a bit confusing because of this structure. Thumbs up to the management team here.
4	Fitness Center: the fitness center is very similar to a nice hotel fitness center. It's small, but has all the necessary equipment.  A larger space for free weights would be nice. But it's a great option if you don't like going to a big gym.  It's almost always empty. There are fans and tv's which is a nice plus.
5	Huge park with lots of tennis courts and an awesome indoor wave pool. Lots of events are held at this park.
4	I went for a corporate event and our area was very nice. Lush green fields for our kickball games and other games, a large volleyball area, decent amount of tables and grills for BBQing.  I saw tennis courts and large baseball fields as well. Huge park, well kept grounds. It was very busy, but not too crowded. Great place for families (lots of birthday parties were going on) or business events.The only bad thing is that they don't have any recycling bins on the grounds. Tons of trash bins; 0 recycling. No bueno.
