5	Get trained here!  I'm just a fitness nut and love all of the different workouts. Boxing, kettlebells, functional movement, sports rehab, and more.  The owner is better than any physical therapist I ever had.  The personal training sessions are the best value you'll ever get from a trainer, no question. For elite athletes, weekend warriors, or anyone who wants perfect training from a group of genuinely good-hearted people that know their stuff. Five stars without a doubt!
5	I used to live across the street from the gym. When working an earlier job (from home) I was getting too lazy and inactive. After grabbing pizza from a defunct pizzeria a couple doors down from Boe's gym, I took a look inside and got curious.Doing some research online, I found the gym's site and learned more about the owner and staff. At the time, there were Kenpo courses 4 days a week in the gym, and the monthly fees for that class included unlimited gym time.I ended up spending about 2.5 hours a day, 4 days a week in the gym. Steve Boe (the owner) is a passionate, knowledgeable and genuinely nice guy who has a history in boxing, fitness and nutrition. Spending so much time in the gym, I was able to see how he and his staff were with the clientele. All of the instructors took the time to get to know the students and were very encouraging.It is true what they say, like hires like. There is a reason most car dealerships are filled with sharks. The same goes for Steve's gym!Even after my job changed, schedule was too hectic to make it to class, I stop in every so often and Steve, Jason and a couple of the other staff members are still there, remember me and make sure to say hi with smiles on their faces.Watching Steve with his personal training clients, he is firm, but not a prick. He makes sure to ask how the client feels, how the food choices he suggested are working out and if they are feeling any better.Genuine nice people are very hard to find in Las Vegas, and genuine nice people, that are also honest business people are even more rare. This is a place that I would recommend if you are interested. They may not be 24/7, with brand new facilities, but their knowledge is invaluable!
5	Boe's is the best kept secret in Las Vegas when considering ejercicio! Never has working out been so much fun and worthwhile.  I continue to go because I find a sense of community,...maybe some would call it a team.  I do enjoy being pushed to my absolute extreme and keeping fierce intensity throughout the kickboxing classes.  I have not taken advantage of any other classes at Boe's other than their kickboxing class which is in itself TOUGH!  Boe's may be a bit pricey but I've never spent my money better!  I love that during these classes multiple instructors will go around the class and 'spar' (no not spar but will use their hands/body as punching bags).  They rotate often and keep you on your feet pushing yourself to the limit.Great dance music keeps the beat going and class moving, before I know it class is over and an hour has flown by.Take a class for $10.00 and try it out! :)HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!
2	I appreciate all these people who are giving Boe five stars. However, my experience, not so good.I tried the place for a few free classes, and got the lavish love and swooning everyone looked for. That was totally dropped the instant I signed the contract. I barely got a nod as I came in from that point on. Boe was primarily focused on his female fighter, and had little to do with anyone else. If I wanted to work out on my own, I have a heavy bag and can run on the streets; why pay someone else to get just that.Later, when my schedule was adjusted at work, I informed him via his assistant that I could not come during the regular boxing times, and what other times were available? They said that they closed at 1 and re-open later in the afternoon. I told them that I would be working at that time. That's the last I heard of them. I ran into Boe at a bout a few months later, and said he would work something out but never responded to my emails. Basically I was being cold-shouldered until my contract expired.I would have been okay with the contract, I got suckered into it, but he could at least have had the dignity to respond.There are much better gyms out there for boxing with trainers that actually want to train you. Skip Boe's. Besides, it's next to a 7-11 and a bar, which plays havok with your willpower.
1	When I first arrived to this gym I asked Steve a few questions about the class and he went off subject and asked me many personal questions that were not relevant. I still decided to take a night class taught by a very pregnant instructor. I was new so I didn't have the moves down like the rest of the class and she made no attempt to correct my form. Besides that she seemed a little rude which is unprofessional. I left the class feeling extremely disappointed. I have now joined another boxing gym which knows how to run a business.
5	If you want a FULL BODY CARDIO WORKOUT that will leave you sweating, tired and screaming for more then this is the place to go!  I went to Boe for several years when I lived in Vegas and whenever I'm in visiting I make a trip out to take a class. I've been told it can burn between 500-900 calories per class!!  Steve and Andrea Boe are personable and knowledgeable.  I have no coordination whatsoever and after a few classes I had the basic moves down and dedicated myself to one 6:30 class per week, then it was 2, before I knew it I was in better shape than ever and slimmed down 30 lbs.  LOVE THIS PLACE and wish I had one in Boston!!
5	Boe Boxing has become my second home in Vegas, and I don't know where I'd be without this gym!  After moving here alone, to attend UNLV, I discovered quickly how harsh Las Vegas can be. Boe's has provided a safe and encouraging place for me to come for 3 years.  Not only have I maintained a loss of 20+ pounds, I have gained physical and mental strength, and amazing self-confidence!On those days where everything is overwhelming, I know I can come here and get a good workout, and relieve my stress.  Both Steve and Andrea have shown genuine interest in me, always asking how school and work are going. I love both of their classes, but am a little partial to Andrea.  (When working with her hand pads, my punches always have a louder "snap" which boosts my confidence a little more!)If you are looking for a fun, supportive gym, where you feel like family, this is your place!  Thanks, Boe Boxing!
4	Boes is a great combination of competitive boxing and MMA training and cross fit classes for people who want to get fit. The routines are fun, rigorous and no nonsense. When you come here you will definitely get the results you are trying to achieve if you stick to what Steve and Andreas plans for you. The rest of the group are friendly and very helpful. This is the best gym as far as I'm concerned because of the people who work here. My only is that they were24 hours and had showers but I've been told that that is in the near future plans.The price is also affordable.
5	This is the best gym in town! The workouts here will push you further than you can push yourself in a gym. The owners and all of the staff are friendly and very personable. You get to know the people who come regularly and there is a sense of community because we all push each other to do better. There isn't any ego in this gym like you would expect from a boxing gym. I've been working out here for over 3 years and every day look forward to getting to Boe's to get my butt kicked. I work out with Steve once a week and after 30 minutes I feel like I have had an awesome work out every time, plus he is so encouraging. Last year I easily dropped 30 lbs working out here and following the food plan that Steve set up for me. If you're looking to get into shape or just have a great time working out get to this gym!
5	This place is great! Boe's is one of the longest standing gyms in Vegas? Why? Because of the hard work and dedication put it by the staff. This place is family friendly and you get individualized attention. They have a developing after-school kids program and several attentive coaches in the gym regularly. Boe himself is the nicest guy and will personally help you reach your fitness goals. He provides tons of free information and cares about each and every one of his members. Although he'll probably offer, feel free to ask him ANYTHING as he's very approachable. I have been to a ton of gyms here in Vegas, and this has always been home. Thanks Boe!
