5	ok, Im biased, ive been a volunteer here for 10+ years. I LOVE this library. For a non profit organization, we have a better selection of books, audios, DVD's, than most public libraries. Ive had so many out of town visitors stop and visit our used book store, which is a hidden gem here in town. A fantastic cactus rock garden and waterfall with outdoor tables and chairs on the patio is a wonderful place to take a book and relax. Views of the mountains to the North are the best in town. A wonderful place for locals and visitors alike.
4	Having a central location the library is easy to reach. They offer free hour-long guided tours of the facility at 11.00 AM and 2 pm. So it's reasonable to plan your visit so that you are there just in time for either of these. The tours are guided in a very friendly manner by one of the retired but still very dedicated staff members and they can grant you a 10% discount if you buy something in the library shop after the tour.It's a well stocked store and I found nice, relevant to the library, souvenirs to bring home back to Russia--large and small format calendars featuring a variety of paintings under the title THE READING WOMAN.The fact that one of the participants of our tour was on a wheelchair pulled by her husband attests to the wheelchair accessibility of the building, which is itself a masterpiece of architecture.I'd also advise to plan some time to browse the library on your own after the tour. As to catering I only found a small snack bar ( run by a welcoming gye ) in the entrance hall. For those willing to lunch on something more substantial one of the options is Bryant Park behind the library.The LUNCH EXHIBITION that the library was operating at the time of my visit very soon made feel like I would do with a hearty meal.
4	The best thing about this place is being able to get a passport on a Saturday afternoon! When I arrived for my 10 am appointment, I was told by a real snippy lady that it was going to be a while since she was backed up. OK, I've got nothing but time to wait....When I finally got called back she took my photo, a horrible photo. She was standing above me so I'm looking up. You can see the white in the bottom of my eyes and I'm all "cheek". A normal person would have taken the photo head on. When I asked about why it's such an awkward angle, she huffed and said she could retake it if I absolutely need to. No worries lady, I'll just spend the next decade with a horrible passport photo. She was quick but good golly she needed a snickers bar to improve her mood.The website says it's $10 for a photo, it's actually $12. Don't bother telling her that though...5 stars for getting my passport on a Saturday2 stars for your crappy attitude.
