4	A local favorite.  Fantastic selection of beer on tap all brewed on premises.  Try the Scotch Ale, the American Pale Ale, and the Crop Circle Wheat or just get the sampler.  Also, above average bar food,  pretty decent Friday night fish fry, and six high quality pool tables.Be warned: the Great Dane can sometimes be a victim of its own success.  On a Friday or Saturday night, the place can be packed and very loud.  Check out the rathskaller or the beer garden to avoid the crowds.
3	This is my least favorite bar on Badger days.  On all other days it's surprisingly fun and an excellent spot to please all tastes.  Excellent beer, above average bar food, a big wood bar, and by far the best beer garden.   I'm going to try the fish fry some time because Jeremy Kraft really likes it.
4	Another of Madison's microbrewery joints.  This one is quite spacious, especially after expanding into the antique market next door and building out a huge billiards room and new bar.  The downstairs area features a secluded backyard patio surrounded by ivy-covered walls reminescent of a New Orleans cafe.  Cool place.
4	I flat-out REFUSED to go to the Dane in college but now that I'm all grown up, I've changed my mind.  It can be over-crowded (and perhaps over-rated?) but they've got decent (or better) food (with diverse enough choices to please almost anyone) plus they serve Strongbow Hard Cider in addition to their many fine brews.  The garden, which I believed to be an urban myth in college, actually exists and is quite lovely.  And, it's a great place to bring out-of-towners for a "taste of Madison."  Finally - their newer location in Fitchburg has a wonderful deck and a bit older, post-college bar crowd.
5	The best use I can think of for the former Fess Hotel in Madison.  Boisterous, full of brews and good pub food, the Great Dane is a great place to fill up, either liquid or not.
5	This is a great place that I just keep going back to.  Love their California wrap with avocado...if it isn't on the menu I can usually convince the waiter to get a cook to make it for me...it's worth asking for.  I don't have much experience with the beers...but my guy friends have only the best things to say about the beer on tap.  I love the brew-pub atmosphere and the mized crown you can find there. 5 Stars
4	A microbrewery with good food - had a memorable meal here with friends and our kids.  Nice service despite the vast space, which was packed to the gills by the time we were done with dinner.  Good beer, and you don't need a lot of it to enjoy the food.  I had a pot pie....ohwow.  Sit outside and enjoy the ivy-covered walls.
4	During the summer, I go to the Dane twice a week or more.  This has more to do with them being a sponsor of MUFA (Madison Ultimate Frisbee Association) leagues than anything, but off season, I go nearly once a month.  The food is great, the service usually stellar, and the beer is the best in Madison.  Try Potters Run and Texas Speedbump for pale ale's , the Stone of Scone scotch ale is spectacular, and if you like wheat beer, the Crop Circle must be okay, since even I will drink it.  Summertime will give a selection of fruit beers, which I don't consider beer, but if you dig that sort of thing you'll be good to go!  Overall, it's a great place to be, and I definitely recommend the garden during late spring, early summer unless it rained in the last 24 hours, as the garbage from the restaurant next door can get a bit rank.  If you want to eat right away, avoid Fridays and Saturdays after 7:00, you won't get a table until around 8:00.
4	The Dane has the best beer in town. For that reason alone you should check it out. It also has a great outdoor area in the back when it is warm enough outside. Sometimes I believe the servers think the beer sells itself and therefore could care less about giving good service. Unfortunately they might be right. The food is good but not great.
5	oh great dane, how do i love thee, let me count the ways...1. crop circle wheat...a truly delicious light beer, even better with a lemon squeezed in2. artichoke dip in a bread bowl...need i say more3. a burger with artichoke dip on top of it...i can die a happy girl4. southwest tortellini...a delicious pasta dish that's large enough to enjoy some the next day5. tomato soup...so warm and toasty...love it with 1/2 a sandwich6. the beer garden...does summer in madison get any better?7. somewhere to always bring my parents when i came to visit...and they actually liked the food!  highly highly recommend!
5	I have a soft-spot for brewery restaurants, and this one was worth the trip.  The beer is fantastic, coupled with good pub food and exceptional service.  Had to wait about 30 minutes for a table, but the time was passed sitting at a bar.  However, I'm scared to think what the wait would be like if UW was actually in session instead of being summer break.  The beer bread was a great appetizer, and I thoroughly enjoyed a chicken pot pie.  If I come back out to Madison, I'll definitely aim to come back.
4	Good food, not for a soft talker.The Dane's food is great.  An excellent Ruben is to be had and I really liked their take on fish & chips.  Expect a wait if there's any sort of event going on in town or arrive early.
4	Great great place!  The most underrated part of this place is the garden in back, which is not open too often other than in the summertime.  When we eat here, I usually will get the shrimp po' boy, and follow it up with a few Great Dane Scotch Ales, my favorite Madison beer besides Capital Winter Skal.
5	Though it's kind of far out, I prefer this to the downtown location for meals with visiting parents due to ease of parking and proximity to Copp's, where I can hope that aforementioned parents will buy me stuff.Has a slightly different menu than the downtown location, including the delicious (vegetarian) Taliesin tart and the same tasty hummus.
4	Delicious, especially the Webster Street Chicken salad (although a few times the kitchen staff has been oddly stingy with one ingredient, like the walnuts or the bleu cheese.)Can be ber-crowded on weekends, in which case a wait of fifteen minutes for a table is not uncommon.
4	The beer was *amazing*, and the nachos are both huge and delicious. Strongly recommended.
5	I love the friggin Great Dane.   I adore the tuna burger (which is not available at their Fitchburg location).  I have tried absolutely everything a pesco-vegetarian can eat here, and I can safely say 80% of the fare available is quite memorable and wonderful.   I also must mention the spinach and artichoke dip which is heavenly.  For the past few summers they have featured a watermelon beer (garnished with a slice of watermelon) which is both unique and thirst quenching.  I'm a huge fan of the Crop Circle Wheat and Devil's Lake Red Lager. (I'm also a huge fan of getting a flight of beers when I go here, as I can never decide exactly what I want.)  Expect crowds and waits for tables on weekends during regular dining hours. During those times, expect large crowds by the bar too as everyone else is thirsty while waiting for their table.
4	Good food, good beer, and good atmosphere.  What else do you need?  The basement is a cool place to hang out to have some drinks; it is kind of like being in a cellar and I mean that in a good way.  Just don't try to order a Miller Lite or something like that because all they serve is what they brew.
4	If I had to choose one word that describes the beer selection here it would be "steady."  You're always going to find a few of your favorites on tap, and your curiosity will be satisfied with one of their rotating taps, their cask ales, or even a guest tap.It took me a while to put my finger on what made Great Dane lose a star in my book, and that's atmosphere.  It may just be the location, but this place is constantly filled with a too hip crowd, in an environment trying to be too counter-culture all the while you're just trying to get too-laid-back and when these 3 things come together you just feel a bit eery.  I've subtracted 1/2 star for this reason.The food... another 1/2 star deficit.  It may be that a micro-brewery isn't profitable unless it can shave a few dollars somewhere, and the Great Dane choose to do this by outsourcing some of their Chef's ingenuity by ordering entree ideas from their food distributor.  Maybe I'm just too in love with the Natt Spil's (sp?) style of cooking (read: fresh and fun), that the Great Dane just seems lackluster in this area.
3	Typical university campus microbrewery. I tried a couple of the beers (IPA and American Pale Ale) and they were ok, definitely not extraordinary by any means. On to the food! I bypassed the special, half rack of ribs and chicken for a full rack. Mistake #1. By the time I got done with the first half rack, of the full rack mind you, I was tired of chewing on cold bbq baby back ribs. It would have been nice to switch to some chicken. damn. regrets. Bottom line, the food was ok keeping this one at 3 stars still. I will not fault the restaurant for my ordering blunders. Well the staff is nice enough to keep this at 3 stars. More typical. But they are just hip enough for a midwestern kid to get starry eyes. The pool tables are nice quality. $8 an hour after 6pm.
4	"Largely excellent brew pub with a delicious variety of beer and extensive menu, but its venue lacks distinctiveness."Several occasions over the past year, I have strolled over to the Great Dane. The 1st item sought is the beverage. They are gracious enough to provide sampler platters for their beer (four ounce glasses). I am more than nourished with the sixer for $7.50. They offer an eclectic assortment of micro brews, but their standouts are: Stone of Scone Scotch Ale; India Pale Ale; Cask Conditioned Ale; Old Glory American Pale Ale; Emerald Island Stout and Devil's Lake Red Lager. It's extremely fun to drink from light to dark. The menu is exciting blend of tradition and culinary wizardry. For starters: go for the Nakoma Nachos with beef, Wingra Wings; Bard's Sampler or Jaime's Mahi Tacos. The sandwiches and salads are large and mouth, but the absolute "must have" is the Great Dane Brat and Bacon Pretzel Burger! The other dinner that consistently requires indulgence is Brats and Mash plate. it the perfect setting for a large gathering, but the venue has overwhelming aire of industrial and impersonal, so it loses its appeal (for the 1st few beers) with smaller / more cozy crowds.
5	There are a number of greats places to eat & drink in Madison... so stay away from the cookie cutter franchise places.  I would definitely start with the Great Dane.  They have a great beer garden for summertime & a great atmosphere inside with many pool tables & other forms of entertainment.  They serve up their own microbrew of which Crop Circle is may absolute favorite beer.  They also have three other locations  (four if you count the airport) in Dane County that are nice... but the original near the capital is the best!
5	A micro-brewery with absolutely delicious food!  This place was an absolute must-stop restaurant whenever my parents came to visit me in Madison, and I still go nearly every time I'm back in town.  My favorites include the Wingra wings with Asian BBQ sauce, the Great Dane burger with creamy, garlicky spinach-artichoke sauce, and my absolute favorite - Thai chicken salad that comes with homemade brown beer bread.  The best drink to wash this all down is the light  Crop Circle Wheat beer, served with lemon.  Yum, yum, yum!!  If the weather's nice, enjoy your food outdoors in the ivy-walled patio/beer garden with cute black metal tables, or indoors upstairs in the spacious wooden booths if it's getting chillier outside, or if you're bar-hopping, check out the downstairs billiards bar with views of the micro-brewery at work.  The Halloween Haunted House was also a fun time. ;)  Gotta hit this place up if you're in town!
2	Grade: D+Boring food. Artichoke dip was good but so is a Stouffer's pot pie.
4	Awesome place. Great Wisconsin style. Beer is very good. Big place too-- I think they can seat ~400 people? Next door they have the pub where you can rent shuffleboard and pool for $4/$8 per hour depending if it is after 6pm.Highly recommend the burger that has a hamburger patty, a bratwurst patty, onions, and served on a pretzel roll. It is a death wish, but a beautiful one at that. Nachos have too many chips. The beer sampler is a nice way to find your choice. The red beer is always great.Also, the outdoor beer garden is amazing. hit it up if you get a chance.
4	Two words: Fish Fry.  Okay, maybe it's not so special for Midwesterners, but for a SoCal girl like me it was a thing of beauty.  The same cannot be said of my boyfriend's burger that featured a brat patty, bacon and cheese on a pretzel bread bun.  It was comical to look at but the same cannot be said of the aftermath.
4	impressive food fare for a barand the micro-brews were pretty dang yummymore than anything else, this place is HUGE!it's like 5 rooms and a huge patio. i've heard it's especially nice at night when you can't see the paint cracking :)
5	I think I go here every time I visit the Madison area. Heck, I even went there twice on my most recent visit.This place has great beer, good food and is a good deal. I took my girl friends out for a night and we got a round of drinks, two appetizers and entrees for under $75 for the 5 of us. It's a good place for a crowd, but if it's a substantial group, go early or call ahead.
4	I went for the first time yesterday after a Badgers basketball game.  It was slow - unusual for Madison on a Saturday night, but I guess everyone was still recovering from turkey-itis.My dinner was excellent - I had the Southwest Tortellini.  The serving was large enough that I took some home & had lunch.  Mmmmm it was so good :)  I was a little hesitant to eat there, actually, because I was expecting "bar food," but it's actually a pretty classy restaurant with an excellent menu.My boyfriend had the brat/burger/pretzel roll concoction.  It was pretty tough to actually eat, just because it's HUGE - but he expected that when he ordered it.  He liked it, though.  I don't think he was so fond of the baked beans, he mentioned that they were in a tomato sauce?The waitress wasn't annoying - it took us a long time to decide what we wanted because there were so many things that looked good, and she wasn't back every five seconds asking if we were ready YET.  She waited til we put down our menus & then she came right over - even though by that time it had begun to get realllllly busy in there.The food came out quickly & our drinks were great.  They don't seem to have a huge selection of liquor, and I don't drink beer - but there was enough for me to choose from.  Several of the vodkas that I later saw on the menu weren't displayed on the bar, so I ended up getting one drink when I would've preferred something else, had I known they had it - I wish they'd put ALL their boozes up on the wall ;)My boyfriend said the beer was great.I was really impressed & I'd definitely go back to try out all the other things that looked great on the menu.
4	I can't remember the last time I ate here. But I've drank here many times. I like the basement (rathskellar) and I like the outside patio. And the crowd is a nice mix. I don't feel like a geezer here when I stop in.
4	Best patio in town, best beer brewed in Madison (better than Capital anyway), attractive and well informed staff, hearty bar-food that's more eclectic than you're usual neighborhood bar, and a variety of atmospheres ranging from a sports bar to a pool hall to a German rathskeller (with good music on the juke to boot) to bar & grill, what's not to love about the Great Dane?Probably the weekend night crowd, full of suburbanites and frat boys jostling you about.  Basically the typical State Street Brats crowd but give them 5 years, 25 lbs, and a job in Verona.  I love this place any other time than 10 PM or later Thursday through Sunday.  So the point is, this place is set up to be awesome and has a spot for everyone, but it's not always full of cool people.Go for the beer, the food, the patio, the pool, etc.  But just don't go when it's full of rude ex-frat boys, alright "brah."
5	I was a frequent customer of this place back when I was an undergrad at UW Madison in the late 1990s. It was great then and it's great now. When in Madison I always make a point to visit, and not just for the warm and fuzzy nostaIgia of my college years. In my experience, microbrewery/restaurants usually have great beer and mediorcre food, or mediocre beer and great food. The Great Dane has both great beer AND great food. The beer is always superb, with a great selection, and the menu is rather varied for a brewpub. The food is always excellent, and at times has even risen to the level of fine dining. It's a fun, congenial atmosphere, perfect for groups. Great service. All around a wonderful Brew Pub experience.
4	I dig the Dane.  It isn't necessarily a place to absolutely rave about, but when I'm downtown, I gladly eat & drink here.  Good brews, and good food.  Mainly I like the Dane for providing a comfortable atmosphere where I can have some high-end pub food, some Wisconsin suds, and play pool.  There is a burger here, topped with bratwurst, topped with bacon & served on pretzel bread.For that reason alone the Dane is getting 4 stars.
5	Great Dane has to be the first brew pub I've been in that has outstanding food.  Everything I've ever ordered has exceeded my expectations.  My favorite is the big 10 burrito, not something I would expect to be so good outside of a Mexican restaurant but it has a wonderful variety of ingredients.  A bonus is the beer is great and you can even get a jug to go!  Yippee!
4	The Dane is one of my local hangouts. Where I go for a good meal when I have nowhere new to go. I almost always get a burger (they cook it to the actual mediumness that you want!). Their beer is good, although with many microbrews, it is a little grainy. Love the crop circle wheat though. Their fries are a little lacking. They over pepper/salt/spice them always and they typically aren't done too well. (I like'em crispy.) Wait staff is pleasant, but the actual wait that it took to get a table is typically longer than i normally would wait. My only real complaint (and the reason I gave it 4 stars) is that smoking is allowed there.
4	Their beer sampler is fun way to sample their good beers and have fun at the same time. I thought their fish fry was really good, too.If you're going to dine there during warm month, try the pretty outside garden seating and make sure to share appetizer with friends for start of a nice evening to ensue.
5	I've always been to the Hilldale location and I love it - I've heard the downtown one is even better. Great pub-food. The chicken potpie is amazing. Nice outdoor seating at the Hilldale location
4	The Great Dane is definitely a local institution. As a result, its major downside is that at night it is terribly crowded. The food, yeah, I can take it or leave it. However, Great Dane's beers are terrific, so I find it a worthwhile place to go in spite of the crowds. There are many regular beers brewed all of the time, as well as several seasonal beers. It's always fun to try a different type every time.
3	The Great Dane probably deserves about 3.5 stars. I have been to both the downtown and Hilldale locations and my experiences have been very mixed. The food seems to be consistently good downtown, I especially enjoyed the chipotle bbq sauce served with the quesadillas (I should also say that I don't normally enjoy the flavor of chipotle peppers). I went to the Hilldale location shortly after it opened and was surprised to find out that they weren't even serving their own beers! This may have been changed since, as it was due to a stupid Madison law, but the Great Dane's beers are generally delicious and it was a big downer to have to settle for a crappy Miller Lite. While I was there I tried the brat and burger combo served on a pretzel roll. It was inedible. In the past I have had the combo using a red brat, which works quite well, but what I got was an overdone burger topped with a black (originally white), completely burned sausage. I tossed it aside and choked down the rest of the burger, but the salt on the pretzel roll was overwhelming. I'd recommend this restaurant if you want very good pub food, just stick to the downtown location.
4	+ The best beer-battered cheese curds ever+ Wonderful house beer+ Reasonable prices+ Peppered salmon with Pico de gallo wasn't overcooked, quite the feat for a brewpub+ Waitress was pleasant and attentive+ Beer bread and honey butter? Yes, please.- The music was AWFUL and LOUD (I do not want to listen to generic, crappy club electronica while I eat, thanks)- The place was a bit drafty
3	It's good, not great.  Nothing to write home about.  Varied menu items and service was good.  I don't see why all the rave reviews and excitement over this place.
4	I struggled with whether I should give the Great Dane 4 or 5 stars.  4.5 stars would be perfect.  Damn you, Yelp!  ;)The Dane has been a consistent favorite of mine ever since I started going years and years ago.  The menu doesn't change too often, so I've had the opportunity to sample quite a few dishes.  Their burgers are top notch (particularly the buffalo burger that comes with a mushroom-red lager gravy...*drool*), the fries are excellent, the Big 10 burrito is enormous and packed with goodies, the peanut stew is hearty and flavorful, the grilled cheese is full of gooey wonderfulness, the Friday Night Fish Fry has the best Walleye ever; I could go on.  Two sad things: I deeply, DEEPLY miss the Salmon Orzo "salad."  That was my favorite thing to get there, and now it's gone.  :(   Also, their fancier, more expensive entrees always *look* good, but they're sub-par compared to the normal, cheaper fare.  I have always been disappointed with those dishes, so would recommend sticking to burgers and the like.They have excellent microbrews.  I'm especially fond of the German Pils.  At $4-ish per pint for awesome beer that's brewed right there, you can hardly go wrong.P.S. If you can manage to cram it in your already-too-full tummy, PLEASE try the Black & Tan Brownie.  Split it with someone (you'll probably need to anyway, it's friggin' huge).  So. Damn. Good.
5	As brewpubs go, I think this is the best in Madison.  The food is great, and the beer is very good.  While I prefer the downtown location for its atmosphere and garden seating, the Fitchburg location is a bit more convenient for a west-sider and parking is never a problem.All of the Great Dane standard beers are good, although I've tasted a few "misses" in their seasonal and special varieties (like the watermelon wheat, yuck), but favorite/stand-by is the Scotch Ale.The Dane is on my list of "must visits" when friends and family come to town.
4	This is one of those places that I HAVE to stop in whenever I pass through Madison.  I've tried their other locations, but only the original downtown spot is worth the stop.  The other locations in strip malls seems to suck the soul out of the experience.  For me, the beauty of this place is that everything I have tried just pops with flavor.  They truly have built a menu of foods designed to eat with beer.  And the beer!  I love it that the brews are all unique and different (too many brew pubs use the same hops blend for every style...Booo!) and all of them represent an outstanding version of the particular style.  I'm particular fond of the scotch ale.
4	The Great Dane's second location in Fitchburg has never disappointed me over the years.  I'll always love the downtown location and all the hazy memories I have of it from my college years.  However, I find myself in the suburbs these days and you can't always head downtown when you want to meet up with friends for a burger and a beer.  The Fitchburg location of the Dane serves this purpose exceedingly well.  Judging by the crowds that pack this place every night of the week, a lot of people feel this way.  I first graced this establishment with my presence right after the opening, for New Years Eve 2002, and I've been a semi-regular ever since.  During the summer there is not much more enjoyable than sitting out on the deck having a beer and a burger as the sun heads down on the horizon.  During the cooler months the upstairs gaming area is a great place to meet up with friends for some pool or shuffleboard, and you can get food service up there as well.I have always really enjoyed the food here.  I put the buffalo burger at the top of my list city-wide.  The mushroom gravy that comes with this at first seemed superfluous, because the buffalo burger was so perfectly seasoned that no condiment was required.  That is not to say the gravy went to waste - it is astoundingly good with the fries.  It is so good I have a hard time ordering anything else off the menu.  However, I've branched out on occasion, and I can safely say that the Capital falafel, Mayan chicken wrap and Cajun chicken sandwich are all delicious.  I used to always get the fries, and don't get me wrong I enjoyed them (especially with that gravy), but earlier this year I tried the Israeli cous cous side and this is now my go-to.  The cous cous grains are larger than the traditional style, or at least the kind I make at home, but the seasoning is perfect.As good as the food is, I really like the Fitchburg Dane because of the beer.  The Great Dane is always known for coming up with a variety of delicious brews, and this is true wherever the location.  What I like about the Fitchburg Dane is that they have several beers that are exclusive to the location.  My personal favorite is the Sugar River ESB - it goes great with a meal or as a stand-alone.  If you're looking for something more sessionable, try the Verruckte Stadt (Mad City auf Deutsch) German Pils.  And if you're going for something rich and creamy, try the Stoner Oatmeal Stout.  The beer is tapped using nitrogen, which gives it an exceptionally smooth mouthfeel.  The only drawbacks that I have with the Fitchburg Dane are almost all a result of the popularity of the place.  Sometimes it's hard to find a parking spot in the nearby garage or on the street.  Other times it's hard to even get a table, but the wait is usually not longer than the time it takes to have a beer at the bar, assuming there's room at the bar.  The service is almost always good, but I've been upstairs and been forgotten once or twice when it's busy.  The price is on the high side compared to some of the other similar places in Madison.  And above all, it can be packed, just like the downtown location.  I suppose you can chalk this up to being a victim of one's own success, and I certainly don't hold it against them.
4	We ate in the basement, and would strongly encourage others to do so.  Great food.  My husband had mac and cheese and loved it.  I had a very nice southwest salad.  Staff was efficient, but not what I would call friendly.  Would go back again.  Husband LOVED the ales on tap.
5	I love this bar. There was a time in my life when I felt that I lived here.This is as good as pub food gets. I have never had anything bad here and I have had almost everything on the menu. But, the real star is the house beer that they brew.Many a non believer has become a beer drinker after trying the Peck's Pilsner. My personal favorite is the Velvet Hammer. Be warned, it is seasonal only. The pumpkin beer is also surprisingly good.Here is my haiku in ode to the Dane.Boy, I miss this bar.Great beer, good friends, and hot nights.Opps, I'm drunk again.This bar is a must if you are ever in Madison Wisconsin.I have used this bar for business clients and dates over and over again. It never gets old or disappoints.Talent Level ? Hit or Miss. Best bring good company with you.
4	If I was a beer drinker, this place would have five stars.I love going to the Great Dane. Fun atmosphere(if a bit loud) and fantastic food. I haven't had a dissapointing meal here EVER. The waitstaff is friendly and know their stuff.Great Fish Fry, delicious sandwiches(and fish tacos!), and desserts to drool over(two-spooners).
5	I love this place!I just wish there was a Great Dane here in San Francisco. I make it a point to eat here when I visit family & friends in Madison.The beer is incredible and so is their food. On my last trip to Madison, I was lucky to catch a Wisconsin style Friday fish-fry. Beer battered fish with fries and a few other goodies. I drank their porter and their stout. On another occasion I had their bratwurst with sauerkraut and some other sides that escapes me right now. I just remember the beer! :)I look forward to revisiting Madison and eating here at the Great Dane.
5	I love the Great Dane.  Here's the thing - the food is ok.  Actually even good.  But the beers are spectacular.  Absolutely top notch.  They should start giving a nobel prize for beer, and this brewmaster should get it.  And in a world where we waste European water by drinking Belgian beer in San Francisco, and deplete all our natural resources by shipping crates full of heavy beer bottles all over the globe, I think one of the most thoughtful environmental steps any beer-drinker can take is to drink local brews.  Think Globally - Drink Locally!  It's my mantra. The Great Dane makes that more than easy.Out in San Francisco we've got Trumer, Anchor, Lagunitas, Big Daddy, Boont, Biersch, Magnolia - heck, even Budweiser is brewed only 90 miles away.  We've got lots of options.And Madison, Wisconsin?  What are its options?  Well, Great Dane isn't the *only* local beer in Madison (this is Wisconsin after all - we know from beer in Wisconsin) - but it's the best.Think Globally - Drink Great Dane!
3	I like this Great Dane's bar a lot more than the one downtown.  It's classy looking and spacious.  It doesn't tend to get overcrowded with tons of college students or Badger game-goin' sports fans, either.  I can get my coveted Great Dane beers just a few minutes from my house.  All of that is wonderful.I am not very fond of the restaurant part of this location.  It reminds me a little bit of a hotel restaurant or something.  Plus, if you're seated near the window, you see....the grand, sweeping parking lot.  Sexy.  The food is still good, of course, but the overall ambiance leaves something to be desired.
4	This place is great for sharing a few pitchers with your mates while enjoying a friendly game of billiards. The service is good, the atmosphere is good, the beer is good and the food is too. Really, the only things I can think of that could use improving are the carpet in the billiard area -- it seems to be kinda sticky after dozens of spills -- and the felt on the tables is a bit worn. But whatever, it's not like that's enough to deter me from coming back.Billiards isn't all I enjoy about the Dane. There's a nice bare-brick basement area to get retreat from the crowds... or a fun, open dining room for those that are more interested in enjoying a meal. Also, the outdoor seating is a great lunch spot for Saturday's in the summer.
4	I haven't been here for a meal, so I can't say anything about the dining experience offered here.However, the billiard area upstairs is always fun and the patio outside is a nice place to enjoy one of their many tasty beers when the weather is cooperative.It's also great to have a Dane closer to home, so I don't have to go all the way downtown just to have a pint with my mates.
4	This is the Madison version of Chicago's Goose Island.They brew their own on site. The one brew that stands out is Crop Circle Wheat. Very smooth texture and very very refreshing.Ordered the Mac and Cheese and what I got instead was heaven. Heaven.Having some creamy cheese on the bottom with four to six (six on menu but i tasted 4 different) cheese blends on top gave this the best tasting mac and cheese ever. The service was all right, just nothing to write home about. You have enough time to carve your name or other things on the tables ( Klye pwns all?) . The atmosphere is nice, the old fashioned wood makes this place stand out, as does the quaint patio in the back.
4	Dropped by for a late night dinner last Friday.  Not really sure what the bar scene is like here, but I can vouch for a number of things on the menu.  I split an order of chicken tenders and pretzels.  Yes.  This place has pretzels offered as a menu item.  While these were really good, the highlight of the dinner was the macaroni and cheese that was being eaten across the table from me.  When I think of mac and cheese, I have the typical habit of imagining a blue box of processed foodstuff.  This mac and chseese couldn't be further from that stuff.  It's hard to explain if that is what you picture.  But trust me and just try it.  And yes, that wedge of goodness served up on top of the dish IS a hunk of cheese.  MMM...cheese...Wisconsin...cholesterol...car ride back to Minneapolis.  In all fairness to the pretzels, I may be selling them a little short because I am not a huge fan of pretzels in general.  Nevertheless, they were good.
3	As a vegetarian, I love looking at a menu and seeing plenty of vegetarian options.  These were even marked with a carrot - even better!  The group of us came for the beer, and weren't disappointed.  Many choices available.  Of course we started with the cheese curds, which to me seemed like mozzerella sticks but whatever, they were delicious and served with ranch.  The mozzerella salad was pretty good - but I've had better.  It came with tomatoes, red peppers, and asparagus and was a good size, but I prefer mine with less veggies.  I also had to try the mac and cheese, which wasn't as creamy as homemade should be and served with a pretzel - talk about carb on carb overload!  The service was great and fast, especially for our table of 6 on Homecoming weekend.
4	I had the day off, it was 11a.m. so I went and picked this boy (whom I occasionally make out with on a regular basis) and we randomly drove from Chicago to Madison.We arrived in Madison and went to the Great Dane and ordered every beer they had available, cheese curds, and the mac and cheese. - They were all awesome.People were cool, bar was fun, it was also 2pm on a Monday so it was cool and quiet.Get the mac and cheese - its made with otter creek cheddar - enough said - oh and there is the pretzel roll that comes on the side, but that is secondary to the cheesy goodness.Cheese and beer - way better combo than peas and carrots if you ask me.
5	This place is fantastic.First, the beer is amazing and never disappoints... the scotch ale and sugar river esb are my faves and the oatmeal stout gets rid of a hangover immediately!The food is sooooo good, especially for how inexpensive it is.  I am a vegetarian and i never run out of options... my faves.. the tomato bisque soup, grilled cheese, portabello quesadilla, veggie burrito (HUGE) and the wisconsin style cheddar mac.This place has a great atmosphere as well.  The downstairs dining room is nice and quiet (usually) with dark wood and roomy booths.  the bar downstairs has a ton of seating with a tv in every corner.  The upstairs has a Wii, pool tables, video games, and shuffle board.  And and Fridays and Saturdays they have popular djs from the Madison area.The Sunday brunch is also fantastic, with a full salad bar, nacho bar, omelet station, fresh fruit, patries, prime rib and anything else you could think of!
2	So the food's not bad -- their cheese curds are awesome, which is a big plus in my book! They have so many yummy looking menu options (vegetarian, too!!), it's hard to make any decisions on food! Everything from brats to falafels to peanut stew. You can't beat the beer, of course, but they had none of the seasonal brews listed on the menu. And the location rocks.. the old Fess Hotel off the square (old timers and natives will remember the old landmark). What did not make me happy on my first homecoming to Madtown in at least 6 years.. super cute boyfriend in tow? We were a group of 5 on the Wednesday before Thanksgiving, and the place was not crazy -- yet they sat us downstairs in the basement in the furthest corner next to the loud party-table of lawyers having some kind of award ceremony for themselves. Not cool when I wanted to be able to talk to my family and impress the boyfriend. The table was filthy, which is just gross! The waitress was awkward and slow, though this can be chalked up to a newbie... and the party-table of lawyers, probably. At least we were conveniently next to the bathroom.. right? I was disappointed.
4	Great beer.  Great food.  Good service.  Beautiful historic building.  What more do you need?The Great Dane is somewhere I make a habit of going to whenever I'm in Madison.  Last time I was there for five days with my wife we ended up going twice.The food is quite good.  A simple but excellent treat is the soft pretzels.  I have yet to have a bad meal at the Dane.The beer is good.  They have many choices that change over time.  If you are a beer fan, they will have something to match your taste.  They even make their own root beer and ginger ale.  Both are amazing.
4	This is a pretty solid place with decent beer.  I used to get growlers here once in awhile and we like to gather here if we're back in town for a football game or something.The back patio area is cool.  Overall a nice brew pub in a good location.
2	My first experience in Madison, WI. Okay, so it was a very snowy and very, very cold day in Madison when I had arrived. My flight was delayed due to the fact that the airport was still plowing the runways. I checked into my garbage hotel and asked where I could get something to eat. The Great Dane was still open, he exclaimed. Whatever. I walked into the loneliest looking bar I had ever seen. Granted it was after midnight, but still, no one was there, the bartender was already cleaning up and the place didn't close for a couple more hours.I asked for a menu. He said only the late night menu was available. I discovered that meant an assortment of cheeses done various ways. Do you like fried cheese balls? How about boiled cheese curds? Mac and Cheese? Get the idea? I didn't realize this was Wisconsin, cheese, dairyland, etc. Okay, so I am slow sometimes, it was cold. Anyway, I ordered the Mac and Cheese. They must have felt that the carb quotient was not high enough, so they threw a soft pretzel on top. ??? The pretzel was the best part of the dish. This is a brewery. So I figured, I needed a beer. I told the bartender to surprise me. He was not in the mood. He wanted to know what kind of beer did I like. I told him Heinekin. He presented me a shot glass of something, asked me to taste it. Oh yeah, beer. Let's be honest, beer is beer. I know, there are some that claim to know differences, like wine, sure. Beer is beer and wine is wine. You might swirl that stuff in your mouth and tell me about the oaky flavor, but that is as believable as the person who smokes a cigar and talks about the chocolate undertones. Eat a chocolate cigar, there are chocolate undertones. If you want a runny bowl of garlicky macaroni and cheese topped with a pretzel, this is the place!
3	the beer is definitely the saving grace here. we tried a good chunk of the beers on the menu including the crop circle wheat, one of the porters, the landmark lite and a seasonal gingerbready ale called merry isthmus (clever, eh?). i thought all of the beers were great; i even liked the cask conditioned ale despite my affinity for ice cold beer. i'm pretty sure all the beers were in 'higher octane' category because all 3 of us seemed to leave fairly tipsy.the place is huge, and though i didn't explore every room, i am fairly certain this is someplace i do NOT want to be when school is in session. it was already a little louder than i might have liked.
4	A brew pub with a "master brewer" in residence. Seasonals are worth a try.I ate my average burger at lunch while the brewer walked his latest creation around to the staff. As a brewer myself, I was 'green with envy' as every new batch is like a new baby, and the first tasting has the magic of holding that newborn baby in your arms.The blond dining waitress was a sweet girl next door stunner and the bartender was a regular joe. My kinda pub.Tons of unoccupied regulation pool tables (properly swept) and where else can you get a "Wanna bone" T-shirt and play it off as a 'big dog' innuendo.Next time I come back I'll get a 'to-go' container and test the TSA on their 3oz policy.
4	Food is pretty fucking good.  They do a decent burger, and the nachos are great.  Enough for two - easily.  Forgetting the beer part of the menu, this place is like TGI Friday's but with class, not packed with families, but with yuppies (or whatever passes for a yuppy in Madison).  Beer is pretty fucking good two.  It's a brew pub, so there are a bajillion different kinds on tap.  They've even got traditional cask ale, which is just like normal beer but served warm and flat.  Just like they did it back in the day.  You know, before fucking electricity was invented and everyone died from lame ass diseases.The prices are not pretty fucking good.  It's $4.50 a pint.  That sucks.  And they don't have cheap ass beers on tap, so if you're a broke as student and want to mix it up a bit to save a few bucks, well - you're fucked.  Also, for that pretty fucking good burger, prepare to pay like 10 bucks.
4	A big menu and most of the food is pretty solid. They brew their own beer on site, and my favorites are the Stone of Scone Scotch Ale and Crop Circle Wheat. This is a good place to take a big group of people and is in a cool historic building. I highly recommend eating on the patio, it's really nice.
4	For a pub, the Dane has some pretty good vegetarian options, clearly marked on their menu.  I enjoy the falafel sandwich and the peanut stew.  The mac and cheese, hot pretzels, and beer bread are also great comfort food options on those Wisconsin winter evenings. The veggie burgers USED to be great, but they've been replaced by Boca patties; the buns have similarly gone downhill from fresh to a more commercial substitute. My beer-loving friends praise the Dane's beers, but I am not a beer drinker so I can't appreciate it.  The cocktails are mediocre.  I've also heard good things about the Sustain-a-burger (I think that's what it's called), but being vegetarian, I haven't tried it myself.The desserts are tasty, but I'm usually too full after my meal to have them.The Dane's patio garden in back is beautiful.  Ask to sit outside if the weather is pleasant.
2	We  visited the Great Dane on a Sunday approximately at 1 PM.  We were greeted by a hostess who told us that we were not allowed to order off of the main menu, and that we could only order off of the late night menu on account of the fact that they have a Sunday Buffet (she didn't bother to try to sell the buffet).  The place looks great and the Great Dane seems to have some cachet in the greater Madison area.  We were seated and promptly served by a capable waitress, Michelle.  She took my beer order, and promptly returned with the beer in a dirty glass.  She was cheerful about replacing it.  She then took our order, which consisted mostly of pub burgers and deep fried cheese.  The fried cheese was fairly obviously some frozen product, and was mediocre at best for about 8 DOLLARS!  The pub burgers came shortly thereafter.  It was pointless of Michelle to ask how we wanted our burgers, because they all arrived well done (I wanted mine medium rare).  The fries were good, but not great.  The beer (German Pils), although made on site, was stale and flat.  The place is nice, clean, and the waitress was good.  Unfortunately for the waitress, she was the only server in the entire section and was quite frazzled.Further, we had to climb a huge flight of stairs to get to the door - which wouldn't be bad in the summer, but the stairs were not shoveled and VERY dangerous.  DON"T TAKE ELDERLY PEOPLE ON THESE STAIRS!The food seemed to be right out of the Sysco food service catalog, the management was obviously poor, and the beer wasn't good enough to make the trip another time.Don't bother.  Go somewhere else.  Food was very pricey for what you get.
5	Fuck.This growler from last week's jaunt is really great.I guess if you get a growler of Crop Circle Wheat and let it sit in your fridge for a week it gains potency.
5	Every time I come to Madison, I make a point of having the buffalo burger... YUM!  I haven't had a pint here that I didn't like yet!
4	Solid.  Lots of people.  Good beer.  I actually like the wheat, which is weird...  No complaints, would come back anytime.
5	This is my favorite place to eat.  If I could afford to I'd eat there 7 days a week!  My favorites are the Brats N Mash, Chicken Pot Pie, Pan seared Buffalo wings, there Cuban and Reuban sandwhiches and the Brat N Pretzel Bacon Burger which might kill you but it's to die for so it's worth it and boy could I go on and pretty much list the entire menu minus salads and wraps and that stuff.  I went with my brothers kids and tasted their chicken nuggets and even those were excellent.  Top it off with one of their amazing beers and it's the perfect place to eat.Why in the world would someone review a restaruant and pub when they only visited it at closing hour?  NOT ALL BEERS ARE EQUAL!  Great Dane follows the German purity law for brewing and you can tell.  The Pecks Pilsner is 100% better than Heineken.
4	I had driven up from Chicago for business and was in Madison for the day.  The pub was right next to my hotel (Candlewood Suites) and I was looking to grab a bite to eat back in my hotel room.  I drove over (but could actually walk) to the place.  I had to look for the entrance since I drove over and parked in the strip mall parking lot.  The pub was up two flights of stairs if you park in the strip mall parking lot therefore you had to look for the entrance.  (After going up the stairs I realized there was a parking lot in the back that led right into the restaurant.  A little stair climbing is good if you don't have any medical issues.)I ordered a Southwestern Cobb salad it was pretty good.  I didn't like the roasted peppers and the guacamole dressing but it was fresh and big.  I ended up buying some ranch at the grocery store and used that.  It was tasty, usually I like balsamic vinaigrette but the salad did not have Gorgonzola cheese (WI Cheddar) so I had to go with it.The place was clean, inviting and had late hours which is welcomed on a Sunday night.  They even had free games/Wii and happy hour.I would come back and get beer and one of the heartier dishes when I return for business.
5	I was in Madison for a 2-day business trip and decided to come here for dinner. It was the best meatloaf I've ever eaten. In fact, I liked it so much that I ate here again the next day before going off to catch my plane.
5	My only complaint about the Great Dane Brewing company is that it made me miss my college days. This is a wonderful little eatery that has nice, laid back vibe to it. Our server was wonderful and made sure that our beer glasses were full. There is a beautiful outdoor seating area in the back and a beautifully decoded indoor area. We had the boneless wing appetizer. The portions were generous and the sauce (while not hot) was quite tasty. The burger that I had was juicy and delicious. The next time we are in Madison, we will be sure to stop back in.
5	After spending a ridiculous amount of time searching for a restaurant that apparently didn't exist, we stumbled into the Great Dane exhausted, peeved and borderline crazed. Almost like they sensed this, we were shown the way to a darling outdoor patio and brought us 2 of the Black Earth Porter, which was a super dark, rich beer that really hit the spot. So then I order a cup of the Chicken Peanut Soup. Nice balance of peanut vs the other ingredients and enough flavour to stop my peanut craving that day. Then I went and ordered the fish tacos (which I do have one gripe about - don't list them on your menu as $2.50 each and then when I ask for 2 say "oh its a minimum of three". That's really stupid. At least change the menu to say "$7.50 for three and $2.50 each additional!") Anyway the fish tacos were lovely, very fresh, full of cilantro and plump white fish. They also come with 2 sauces, a chipotle BBQ (which was too sweet and kind of overpowered the fish) and a habanero hellfire sauce. Can I get a "HOT DAMN!" for that sauce! Because, yeah, its pretty friggin hot! You have to know that I put the whole cup of sauce onto one taco, in a dimly lit area of the patio around 9 at night. Had I not been someone who eats incredibly hot peppers on a pretty regular basis, this sauce might have knocked me unconcious from the shock of how spicy it was. So bewarned! But I might come back just for that sauce, that's how freakin awesome it was. A fantastic find - almost glad we couldnt find that other place!  I'll be back!
4	I'm laughing as I write this as I've just come from this bar and had a great time! Great Dane Pub and Brewing is the kind of bar that I would make my neighborhood joynt if it was in my neighborhood. Great Dane has been in business since 1994 and is the first brewery to open in Madison since 1966. The building is amazing (you know me and my love for old buildings!)- it is split between a Queen Ann style and a Victorian brick both looking to be from the early to mid 1800's. There is a historic plaque outside that explains that this was once a fine hotel in Madison. The remodeling showcases the interior brick walls, a mahogany bar and a rathskeller in which the beer is made. But the coolest spot? An outdoor garden with brick pavers and up lighting makes this one of the best al fresco dining areas in the city. The bartender took care of me until my friends arrived- offering me samples of their local brewed goodness cuz I couldn't make up my mind. He knew all along just what I would like (sorry Dave- should have listened to you from the start!) We moved to a table with the gang arrived and had some tasty appetizers and burgers. When in Wisconsin- do as they do so everything we had was laden with cheese- deep fried cheese curds, nachos buried in cheese and meat and even a cheddar melt burger with onions and cheese. Now this was calorie worthy grub! Like playing pool or shuffleboard? They've got your game! And there is live music (so I am told) Thursday through Sunday. The staff is friendly and quick- keeping the beers flowing and the food coming. Dinner for 6 was around $80. Cheap, cheap cheap. But fun. And the best news of all? Walking distance from the hotel (although there is a parking garage next door) You can bet the next time I am in Madison- the Great Dan Pub will be on my list to visit!
4	Great ol' time atmosphere. Great mix of people. GREAT BEER!
3	Pub food but large portions and decent quality.  I've never had BAD food there but I've never been overly impressed.  Its like a chain but a little better.  As for the beer, I'll disagree with most and say overall its just 'ok'.  Most of the beers are way too sweet for me.  You can feel the sugar in your system after you leave.  Good for groups, clean, great patios and has good energy.  Solid three stars which is one more than I would give a comparable local chain like TGI Fridays.
4	I've been going to the Great Dane for nearly 15 years, and that includes time spent living outside of WI. Whenever I'd return "home," even if just for a day or two, I always made it a point to grab a pint and some grub from the Dane.Not sure what to add... The beers are decent, but I do agree that most are too sweet, and most are a touch on the flat side. The food has always been excellent. I'm a huge fan of the fish and chips... So yummy. I've also had the burgers, brats, chicken, and a few salads. All have been great.Service is typically excellent, even when the place is jam-packed. Good service means a lot, and the Dane consistently delivers.Go with friends, sit outside, sample the beers, and try the fish and chips. You'll enjoy it!
4	These beers are impressive. Most get above average ratings on Beer Advocate, including the two I sampled: Potter's Run IPA and the Devil's Lake Reed Lager. And they offer a ton on draft, including staples, seasonal and specialty brews.The space is fun. Plenty of pool tables (by the hour!) and shuffleboard. We didn't eat, so this rating is for the beer and bar only.
4	I'm not particularly keen on their beer, but then again, I've not drank there in a while. However, this place serves some pretty damn tasty food and I have to say that they have the best damn Reuben sandwich I've had in Madison. Friends of mine have recommended the steak and they make them fairly decent if I remember right. Their burgers and nachos seem pretty popular around, but I've not had a chance to try them out fully yet.The atmosphere is nice for a bar, not ridiculously noisy or trashy, yet pretty fun to be around.Will need to go there more often before I can give a full review.
2	Each Great Dane location consistently has the worst service in Madison. On a recent trip, we waited 45 minutes for a table (which is typical, so we didn't mind) but then once we were seated, the waiter didn't come over and great us for nearly 20 minutes. This is after we had asked the hostess if we even had a waiter. On a different occasion, our appetizer was forgotten. The slowest service ever as well.They're lucky their food is so good and beer excellent. But don't come hungry because you will be waiting for awhile.
4	I'm often in Madison for training and have always been looking for a place that I wouldn't find in Chicago. This is the place.At first glance, I expected a Goose Island experience: good brews but mediocre pub food. Fortunately, this was not the case. The menu reads like a daily newspaper and after further inspection, this place was legit. It offered typical burgers and pub fare but start throwing in entrees like Cedar Planked Chive Buttered Salmon and Tandoori Chicken and you are just sucking up to the teacher! I ordered Mad City Mama's BBQ Meatloaf as the main entree and the Beer Battered Cheese Curds for starters. The Cheese Curds were just overglorified mini mozzarella sticks and were ok. The meatloaf however? Just like Big Mama alright! Okkkaaaaay! It was very delicious.Another reason why the place is great to visit are their sampler packs where you can choose from 4 to 10 four oz samples of their brews. I got the ten pack, which was probably bad because I must have looked like that man who had a baby with all the food and beer.Overall, a great experience. Too legit, too legit to quit. Hay haaaayyy! (No, I am not drunk while I'm writing this).
3	My gf and I stopped by the Great Dane on Saturday around 4.  We waited about 10 -15 minutes after getting seated and I had to alert the hostess that we hadn't seen our waitress (- 1 star).  I tried the Emerald Isle Stout and Black Earth Porter.  Both were very smooth but I thought the stout had more flavor so I opted for a pint.  Very good.  We had the pretzels (3 pieces) for an appetizer.  Not much to say about pretzels but watch out for the yellow mustard.  It is loaded with horse radish so it has a delayed kick to it.  Good, but a little goes a long way.  The other red mustard had a berry flavor to it and was a good compliment to the yellow mustard.  My gf had the black and tan cheddar burger and although messy to eat, was ok.  I had the meatloaf and while the meatloaf was ok, the mashed potatoes tasted like they were left over from the day before.  I liked the stout so much I picked up a growler to go (1/2 gallon).  Overall I'd say the Great Dane is worth a try if you are in the area but I wouldn't go out of my way to visit.
4	Love the Great Dane. Celebrated many fun occasions there. I'm not a huge fan of the local brews they offer, but the atmosphere and great food are so worth it. A Madison must.
5	up a hill, down a hill, up a hill, down a hill, along a lake, along another lake, up the capitol stairs, down the capitol stairs, through the arboretum (drive, trails, and all)I need a beer and some cheese curds pronto!!!Maybe this review is slightly affected by the fact that we were both starving and had been talking about all the beer we were looking forward to trying...but the cheese curds, the portabella sandwich, the sausage platter (i hear) and the four beers we tried were all phenomenal.
4	Sir - I am a fan of your hefeweizen. I don't know its name, nor do I have any recollection of how much it cost.  But I could care less about the latter issue because it was amazing and worth however many pennies I spent on it.  Please send me a case of it at your earliest convenience. Best,Cadence
3	Good... not mind blowing.Beer was probably the best part of it, and it's cool you could get it at Mallards games.Not overwhelmingly amazing, though. I once won a $40 gift certificate and forgot to redeem it. Was not disappointed. Might be a sign.
4	The Dane is always a great fall back when every other restaurant is packed; or when you crave some delicious pub grub! The food is typical Wisconsin cuisine but definitely above average. They brew their own beers, so depending on the season can differ, but are equally delicious. not to mention you can buy a jug of it to take home with you.As with all restaurant around/near the square The Dane can fill up quickly on Friday/Saturday evenings. But the wait isn't terribly bad, especially if you can muscle up to the bar and satisfy your thirst while waiting.
4	Good bar food and micro brew beer. I had a brown ale and the catfish sandwich both were delightful. Nice building.
4	Don't miss out on the beer bread and honey butter. Great variety on the menu. I could  have easily gone overboard. Shared a Margarita Pizza - the crust wasn't my favorite, kind of thick, a little doughy  -- so the pizza didn't rock my world, but there are other great entrees on the menu that I'm dying to go back and try.
3	i'm a fan of the devil's lake red lager, which was surprisingly flat & bitter on my last visit. food's just okay--fried cheese curds, chicken wings & nachos were typical, burger a disappointment. that being said, i always somehow end up here, and i like it. it's probably been my most visited bar since moving to madison this past summer, so i kinda just dig it's familiarity. bartenders & staff are cute & helpful. capital square location makes the crowd less young & douchey. nice to have a new go to bar when you move, and this place will surely keep me bloated & tipsy.
4	Good location, Good food with big portions.  If that is what you want, then this is your place.  They have a good selection of beer and appetizers as well.The beer bread and honey butter were good, but the bread seemed a bit dry.   I could have eaten the whole container of butter though... glad I didn't.I wish I had the self control to not order the burger with a brat patty on top, and bacon on top, on a pretzel bun.   It was delicious on so many levels... but my stomach was angry with me for that.
5	This place is legit.  It was open on a Sunday night when Madison was closed across the street.  Come here instead!There are sweet leather couches to sit on, a long bar, pool tables and i believe there are regular tables as well.  There are big screen TVs to watch games on.  The music and sound system are solid.  Played mostly hits from the nineties.  Real nice.The atmosphere is laid back cool.  The service is attentive and not pushy.  I order their Oktoberfest beer.  It was good.  I also ordered fries and they were hot and crispy and delicious.HIGHLY RECOMMENDATIONS.
3	I've been to two branches of Great Dane for lunch,Downtown And Hilldale Mall,both good.I remember lunch at Hilldale being particularly good.Surprisingly they have outstanding onion soup.I was also impressed by the steamed bratwurst .The beer is solid if not that memorable.
2	I had the fish fry and beer sampling here, so i can only review based on the quality of the food and not how great of a place this is to come after a couple of drinks for a late night snack. The fish here was on the greasy side and the batter was not well seasoned. All in all, this restaurant served a forgettable fish fry.However, the beer selection here was not so bad. The atmosphere of the restaurant was also nice, with a pub type feel too it. All in all, satisfactory beer selection with forgettable food, a place to be trashed and snack and get more trashed.
4	Was here last night as it was close to our hotel and we were in town for the game.It was very nice inside, clean and definitely my type of atmosphere.We were exhausted after the game, so didn't head back out until almost 9 to grab something to eat.  It was a little louder than I usually like it to be when I'm tired and out for dinner, but it was 9 pm on a Saturday night, so should definitely be expected.Other than that, the place was great.  I loved the menu, there were about 10 things I wanted to try.But what I did have was great, the hot buffalo wings were AWESOME.  and the Macaroni and Cheese Pizza (I was super curious, as this isn't generally something found on a pizza) was very good as well.  Beer - great and the service was very good as well.I will definitely go back the next time I'm in town.
3	Ambiance: kinda had the English pub thing going onBeverages: I don't drink so the rootbeer was the highlight for me, but if you are a beer drinker they have a ton to choose fromFood: I had the chicken pot pie... it was pretty good... my wife had the beer can chicken, not too impressed thereService: good
2	This place was so packed on a Friday night we have to wait an hour and half for a table. No, we didn't show up at 8 p.m. we strolled in around 5:30.We bought some drinks while we waited for our table but they were way too expensive. We played some pool while we waited but it was too crowded to get a good shot off. We finally left after two hours because our table wasn't ready and the other group we came with had been seated and started eating.Don't go late at night.
4	I went to Madison for training and had to get out into the city a little bit and see what Madison is all about.  My original plan was to go to some Irish pub down the street from the hotel until I got in the van with 3 others going to Great Dane.  Couldn't have been happier to be a follower.The service was decent enough.  It was really busy and we could have been tended too a bit more but the waitress was ridiculously cute so i'll let it slide.  The brats and mash (pictured) are to die for.  The sauerkraut was interestingly sweet, the brats and mash potatoes perfect.  I had to slow my eating so i could drag it out as long as possible.  Being a microbrewery they also had some very passable beer.  I'd suggest the nut brown.  Ambiance was nice, pick your poison, open bar side or dining room.  The cellar bathroom route gives you a nice view of the brew setup and sort of gives the place character.  Great location down by the capitol building.  Get out and walk around and take it in.Remember to steal a menu.  They are really unique newspaper read all about it brats and mash style.  I ganked one for myself and a beer coaster for the collection.
4	I have been to the Great Dane for dinning and for just drinking on several occasions. I love the layout of the building and the decor. The Dane burger is great. I also enjoy the meatloaf. If you just want appetizers I recommend the nachos, soft pretzels and artichoke dip! Of course you can't forget the beer sampler!
3	I was angry at the Dane for a long time because their brew pub fare just isn't that good, especially the fries (which I consider nigh unforgivable). For the regular dependables, I honestly think Granite City in the mall delivers better. The key to the Dane is enjoying the more diverse and/or exciting menu options. Read another way: if there's an analogous dish at Granite City, it's probably better than at the Dane. Now, there are two big pluses:1) You can get freaking PLANTAINS with your sandwich.2) Free refills on house made root beer and cream soda (boy do I have a story about that).
4	You really can't go wrong eating or drinking here. Everything I've tried on the menu has been delish. They have a dish that is a grilled chicken kebab that comes with fresh grilled veggies and Israeli couscous, oh man, it's tasty. In the summer time they have really nice patio seating. They also have nightlife! A great DJ and pool tables upstairs, with a full bar. Enjoy!
3	I think the Dane is a decent place. They have good beer and decent food. The best thing about the Great Dane is the artichoke dip. It tastes like heaven. The Dane Burger is also delicious, but that's because it has artichoke dip on it. They have very tasty fries. I've had their root beer a couple of times and every time I drink it, it just gets worse. I don't know... maybe it's my taste buds. I really like their beers, though. They have other beers that aren't from their brewery, too, if you're like my mom and only drink Miller products out of a bottle (weird, I know). Anyway, the Great Dane is great for groups and a good time, but their food could be better.
5	Was in Madison on business on a Tuesday night and stumbled upon this place. Definitely recommend it. The menu was in an adorable newspaper format. Great cheese curds (which I was told I had to try while in WI) and an interesting twist on mac 'n' cheese. The cream soda was to die for!!
4	This is a nice location that is never too crowded. I only had beer and played shuffleboard here. The crop circle wheat is my favorite! There was not a crowd for the shuffleboard, so we got to play for hours. I like it that the movie theatre is close by, making this great dane an ideal before or after spot.
4	Great fish fry! I love the beer! It's usually packed enough to have a healthy buzz, but it's never too packed. In nice weather, there's a patio where you can sit outside. While the view isn't of anything more than a mall, it's still nice to sit out in the sun...especially since I am writing this in January! The beer bread is always a favorite of mine too :)
3	Everybody has heard of the Great Dane and probably have been there with a group of friends for dinner.  The food is alright, they do a lot of things good, but nothing great.  I've never craved the food here.The beer selection is huge and generally good.  They have many different types of beers, but nothing really stands out as a beer I need to have, or go out to have.Night life here is kinda weird.  They sometimes have djs playing the top 40 other times there is no music at all.  So again its a place I will go to with friends but its never a place that I feel like I need to go to.  Middle of the road all the way.
1	The problem with the Great Dane Brewery lies in its sampler.  If you're drinking only one brew at a time, you're not likely to notice this fault.  I arrived excited by all the options so decided to try 8 samples of GD Beer.  Each beer tasted watered now and strongly sour.  This was very disappointing.  A brewery should put its efforts into brewing quality beer, Great Dane does not.
2	CHACH.  As in this place is full of them.  I don't know how the Great Dane ended up getting the way it is now, but it's really tiring everytime I go there and encounter the same idiocy.As usual, I'll start out with what's good.  The Great Dane has a downstairs outside seating area that is enclosed from the nearby streets which is absolutely fantastic in the summertime.  If you do decide to make a visit to the Dane based on the reviews here, please sit down in the grotto.  The environment is very relaxing and I love how it's downtown yet sequestered away from the noise.  Some of the food choices on the menu will further your palate, and you may even find one you consider "appealing."But that's all the good news you'll hear from me about the Dane.  Onto the bleak.  First off, the clientele and staff couldn't be more annoying.  Generally on a weekend night the bar is packed, usually with a ton of frat or ex-frat looking college kids, dressed up preppy and filling the place with conversation that nobody wants to hear.  The beer is highly overrated; they might make their own but it's all the same thick, bland, overpriced garbage IMO.  The staff is generally inattentive and getting a spot at the shuffleboard or pool tables can sometimes require an arduously long wait. I'm not someone who's a one-and-done type, so trust me I've been to the Dane enough times to have a researched opinion of the place.  While my review might sound biased or close-minded, I can say there's at least 2-3 other friends of mine that share similar dislikes.  If your an ex-frat boy/girl or you happen to stumble across a dish you can't live without, then by all means go nuts.  Otherwise pass on this severely overrated restaurant.The Fitchburg and Hilldale locations aren't any better IMO, but they at least have a slightly different clientele.
5	The Great Dane encompases most of the things I miss about Wisconsin..1) Great "homebrew" style beer (particularly of the wheat variety)2) Good ole midwestern food...Beer Can Chicken anyone??3) Cheap Cheap Cheap. Of course I will stuff my face silly with 2 beers, an appetizer, and a huge meal all for $13 :)4) AMAZING company and welcoming atmosphere....Madison, I would move back to you in a heartbeat if it wasnt for those 6+ month long winters and below zero temperatures :(
2	Why? Why have you never in however many years of really good business fixed that nasty basement women's bathroom? Every toilet's stained and nicked and falling over. The doors don't lock. The stalls have all kinds of unidentifiable hardened goo. The place has been painted 13 times, like a bad omen to permanent uncleanliness.What's so frustrating about their bathroom is that their food's actually good. But, their crappy bathrooms have kept me from going there many a time.Why You Should Be Embarrassed to Own this Place: Business sense includes recognizing the need to maintain the upkeep of your establishment. If you can't buy new toilets and get some new stalls for the ladies, then you're a dumba-- and don't deserve my business.
5	Really good oriental chicken salad with a huge slice of sourdough bread. Asian dressing is very good with a nice kick. Nice portions, good price and fast service at the bar during lunch.Also has an amazingly good Sunday brunch buffet! Tons of options of which all is good quality. Yo wont leave hungry, thats for sure. Upscale setting that feels like a wedding reception. Busy but not too bad. More expensive but well worth it for higher quality foods.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! I can't think of any reason to give Great Dane anything less than 5 stars. Traditional pub food, sprinkled with the occasional surprise- the African peanut stew is to die for. And the Big 10 Veggie burrito- the single best burrito I've ever tasted, and that's saying a lot considering I lived in Arizona for 5 years!The Doty St. location in the summer is ideal...counting the days until I can enjoy a Cherry Ale on the patio!!
3	i go back and forth on this place. sometimes i love it, sometimes i hate it. the food is consistently decent and the beer is good.the downtown location is hands down my favorite of all three because it has the most character, not to mention one of the coolest beer gardens i've ever seen. but despite how huge this place is, it gets packed, usually with unsavory characters (read: brahs and trixies). we made the mistake of making this our new year's eve 2009 destination because of the central location. we got there early enough to snag a table, eat and not pay a cover, so that was cool. the dj set up and started playing an eclectic mix of stuff. so far so good, right? then things went downhill fast. suddenly the place was packed beyond capacity, and the dj started playing lady gaga. a friend and i went outside for a cigarette and were assured by the bouncer that we would get back in... and then couldn't. because they were past capacity. even though we were wearing wrist bands and had been sitting at a table for hours. after enough bitching to the right people, the manager let us in the back door.moral of the story: don't go here late, and don't go here to celebrate a party holiday. otherwise it's mostly alright.
5	I am a beer fan.  The dog bone sampler of all the beers is great to bring friends who are visiting Madison to give them a good experience.  It's very open and has a lot of space.   All the food I've had there is fantastic and some are healthy too!
5	I'm not sure where these pictures r from. That being said, went to Mad Town for Easter weekend 'cause the kids r all home with mommy & daddy, so mainly just those of us that actually love spring on the isthmus r still chillin.  I used to love going to this place, so i went back.  Nice move on my part. I stayed on the adult side since little man is with grandparents ;-)  To much fun, no more yankkie my.... wait. Food, pool tables, bars, TVs, floor, bathrooms, bartenders all updated.  Went back for Easter brunch, lunch? not sure what time i made it back to see if I had dreamed it all.  Did I mention the bartenders?  Cypress Hill on Juke, hits from the ..... wait. I love to eat things that once moved, went for veggie selection per super loverly bartenders suggestion.  Did I mention the Bartenders? They rivaled any Downtown supper hottie, with no attitude.  I totally over tipped them all, even the dude was cool
5	Great Madison standard. They know how to treat their regulars well and most of the bartenders are top notch, even on the busy weekend nights. Good diverse crowd on the weekends, pleasantly void of too young college kids. Very good food, with plenty of options. I'm not much of a beer drinker, but they make a great stout in house or have a few Scotch Ales if you want to stumble outta there. A Madtown favorite.
5	Fabulous! The quality of the food and the service was exceptional! I was happily surprised to find vegetarian options on the menu--not just your run-of-the-mill fettuccine alfredo or house salad, but tasty Italian and Mexican dishes! I highly recommend the vegetarian portobello bake...and the crop circle wheat beer! :)
4	This place was good.  It is the typical "nice restraunt & brewery."   Similar to that of Rock Bottom for you Chicagoans or Big River for you Nashvillians.  Seeing as this is a college town, your waiting staff will most likely be an attendee of the school or one who has failed out and decided to live the rest of their life on a college campus refusung to give up the lifestyle.  Nice staff, Smiling faces.Came in just in time to grab a beer before happy hour ended.  Got the red ale.  Very tasty,  Seeing as how this brought me out of happy hour specials, I decided to get the 10 beer flight since I am not from the area and didn't have time to dilly daly.  I strongly suggest getting flights when you are trying new beers.  It usually ends up being a deal and you can decide on a nesting beer.Got the meatloaf for dinner.  It was awesome.  If you ever want to judge a kitchen, go for the meatloaf.  Delicious greenbeans that were steamed and mashed potatoes.  Completed me.  After this meal I pretty much instantly went to sleep.  It seemed they have an outdoor beer garden as well, Bam!If I come back to Madison, I will probably stop in.
2	My son loves this place and goes to all 3 locations in Madison. I found it noisy, crowded, and noticed the sticky floors on the way to the bathroom. My food here was beer can chicken, much less tasty (skin was slimy wet) than we make ourselves at home. This place was less than I expected based on the many good reviews, and especially my son's otherwise good taste.
5	Great Beers! Their outdoor sitting area is great on sunny day.
4	This place deserves a response to a lowly two-star review from my dad, Michael H.  The only part of his review to take note of is my good taste.Yes, it might be crowded, and yes it WILL be noisy.  The floors will probably be sticky.BUT, this is a Wisconsin micro-brew pub!!!  I'd be shocked if it wasn't ever crowded and noisy.  The beer is great, and they add new seasonal offerings enough to keep even the regulars trying new beers.  Try the crop circle wheat or their porter.  Growlers to go is also a nice way to save some cash.  The food is actually pretty diverse and satisfying.  The fish fry and burger served on a pretzel roll are both well-done and remind you that you're in Wisconsin.  The beer bread is fresh, and the honey butter it comes with is tasty.Yet another thing I like about the great dane is the entertainment it offers.  Shuffleboard.  Where else can you play shuffleboard?!  I love that game.  They also have pool, darts, and some deer hunting games for those pure-bred wisconsonites that can't go 20 minutes without shooting an animal.  All games are free on sundays.  Happy hour deals are nice as well.Enjoy the homemade beer with some friends over a game.
5	Excellent food, amazing beer, and a perfect place to start a night or grab a post-farmers' market/pregame/afterwork meal in Madison.  My ideal Dane dinner features the chicken nachos, big ten burrito, and an APA on the side.
5	Loved the food, the beer, and the outdoor patio.  Can't wait to be back to Madison to go for some great beer and a good time at Great Dane!
4	Before leaving Madison for the long drive back to Minneapolis, my wife and I had lunch at the Great Dane. Truth is, we planned our weekend so that it's the last thing we'd do before leaving Mad City. Part of our enthusiasm for this restaurant is the patio dining. So we were counting on nice weather. The weather cooperated, and we had a nice, comfortable table in the cool, shady patio. The ambiance is so pleasant that we just couldn't identify a Minneapolis restaurant that even compares. The closest would be Black Forest on Nicollet. But we don't like the food as well. This is a brew pub. So we both ordered a midday tap. She had a Scotch ale. I had a Pilsner. Great brews! You also can get four sampler glasses for $6. Nice way to try several of their specialties. For lunch, she had a burger and loved it. I couldn't resist the fish and chips. They were delicious. The menu is very extensive and creative. Lots of traditional pub items, plus a great selection of other specialty items. Some reviewers have complained that the place gets over-crowded. A co-worker and her husband were in Madison the same time as my wife and me. They went for a late dinner after arriving in town on Thursday. It was crowded. But for her, the energy and ambiance was appealing. So to each his own, I guess.The trouble with a place like this is, we can't imagine a trip to Madison without a visit to Great Dane.
2	I've never tried their food, I'll admit it. I was just so psyched about the beer, and I kept trying glass after glass looking for a beer that would make me say "wow this is great!"It never happened. Nothing registered as more than a "Meh" the whole night.
5	Best patio dining experience I have ever had.  Food delicious, atmosphere superb.
2	We heard about this place from our concierge desk at the hotel.  It's close to Madison square and easy to get to.  It must be a popular place for company meetings and parties since the private dining room was fully booked.  The experience was disappointing.  They had run out of several beer selections on our visit which made the meal less attractive.  The 3 alarm buffalo wings are supposedly the  second to the hottest with the habanero being the hottest.  Everyone at the table agreed that the wings were taco bell hot and that we made a mistake by not ordering the habanero.  The beer battered cheese curds were just ok.  Beer batter is always very heavy and you really couldn't taste the cheese through the coating.The main courses were just ok as well.  The 16oz NY strip steak was seasoned nicely and it came with large onion rings and asparagus.  $24 seemed a bit pricey for brew pub food though.  While it was busy, we feel we didn't get the attention from our server that we should have.  This was a business dinner where we were required to get separate checks and that added more confusion to the situation. It took our server three trips to get everyone taken care of.  I get that this is a college town and that you will have high turnover, but the experience for the prices this establishment charges is just not worth it.
3	When in Madison you have to go to the Great Dane, right?The beer is great.  My Stone of Scone Scotch Ale was a winner.The Dane burger was OK.  The artichoke dip on it was interesting.If the weather is nice, try to get a seat on the outside back patio downstairs.
3	Oh, Great Dane. I want to love you, I want to give you four stars, but I really cannot do it.The establishment is a little dimly lit, but it's got enough seats for a large group and places for two people. The menu is a "newspaper"--I'm a sucker for creative restaurant-fu.The service is great, I've never had an issue with a waiter/waitress and they respond exceptionally well to food allergies. They're fast with food for the most part and they're very quick about refills on drinks.Speaking of drinks, I don't even bother with alcoholic beverages here--I'm not a beer drinker but if you are, try it! My roommate loved his pilsner--I get their brewed root beer. I'm a rootbeer snob and theirs is just so damn good--a great sarsaparilla taste that any good root beer should taste of. I sometimes dream about bathing in it. It is really just that good.The food--it's good. I really, honestly can't badmouth the food. However, I've never come out of this joint without having to go to the bathroom within 45 minutes of my first bite. I'm the only one this has happened to among my friends, so I'm thinking this is just how my body responds to their food--but it is solid. I've had burgers here, salads, mac & cheese, pizza--it all does it to me. But I'll keep doing it anyways because the food is just so damn good I can get over whatever pains I'll be in.I want to love you, Great Dane, why won't you love me?
4	We had just driven into Madison from Chicago, and we were starving!  Upon suggestion from a college friend of mine, we went here for dinner.  All of us were extremely excited to be in a state where cheese is an abundant ingredient, so we ordered the mac and cheese to start.  It was yummy, and perfect for sharing before our meal.  My sisters and I all got burgers and fries, which were standard -- good.  Mom got the po boy sandwich, which also tasted good, however could have used more sauce?  or something?  The sandwich was on the dry side.  But, for her side, she got fried plantains...exciting!!  They were really good (we all stole a bite).  I also had a german style beer, upon recommendation by our server, which I also enjoyed.  Even though the food was nothing to write home about, it was good, hit the spot, and the service was timely and very friendly. This place looks like a fun happy hour spot.  I wish there was one in Chicago, because I would be going!
4	Great, unique burgers. Very busy - great atmosphere. They have a good list of beers to try, although no individual descriptions. The fried plantains were very good.Great service!A must-stop when in Madison
5	I'm happy that Great Dane has four stars as I see a lot of people bashing on it. Why? What are you looking for that isn't here?? They have a great, imaginative menu that knows what and where it is - a bar menu, in a bar. They have FIFTEEN handcrafted brews that are all done to perfection... if you can't find a beer out of these FIFTEEN, you just plain don't like beers, so get the heck out of a MICROBREWERY. Right when we sat down and saw the newspaper for a menu, we were in love. There were several items on the menu that I was absolutely pumped to try... but my boyfriend and I both wanted burgers. We had been driving all day and just wanted to sit down and have some good beer and a burger and relax. Before I get to the beer, lets just talk about these burgers....and how they made me want to move to Madison. My burger (Texarcana Burger) was amazing! It not only had BBQ sauce on it, but a bleu cheese sauce as well...plus bacon..shoestring onion rings...plus cheddar cheese (but that's a given in WI). And on the side? French fries? No. Chips? Nope. FRIED PLANTAINS! yuuuummm! What a great idea, Great Dane! Put these all together on a jalapeno bun and you get one delish and satisfying burger.My boyfriend was brave enough to get not only a hamburger, but a hamburger topped with a brat burger..and bacon..and cheese (yes, I may have sent a picture of this to my vegan sister, just for laughs...). This was all on a pretzel roll...which I found interesting, actually had the pretzel salt on it, which most don't. This was an interesting and yummy decision on Great Dane's part. It sounds like (and is) a monstrosity, but it was a darn delicious one. My boyfriend opted for the fries and was not disappointed with those either. On to the beer...as this is a brewing company....We started with a sampler. The Texas IPA was the best ..flavorful and bitter but somehow smooth.Stone of scone scotch ale was very yummy as was the organic brown and the crop circle wheat (which is saying a lot because I'm not a wheat beer drinker!). The American Pale Ale was bitter but still very drinkable and refreshing. The only beer I was disappointed in was the Red. It seemed watered down and was not my favorite (and I LOVE Red Ales). I would definitely say to skip the Red if you go try this out. There were several more beers I would have loved to sample if we didn't have more driving to do that day! My last note is that they have shuffleboard. Ah, shuffleboard. I've said this before and I'll say it again, shuffleboard is great and fun and all bars should have it! We stopped to play a round before we left (and snuck in another American Pale Ale). It wasn't free, but it was cheap (only $2)!This place was huge with a nice sit down area (with wonderful air conditioning for those humid days), a great pool/shuffleboard/more bar-y area, and a really cool looking beer garden as well! So, to recap, great atmosphere, good service, GREAT beer and food! You can't go wrong at Great Dane...and I can't wait to go back!
4	Fun! Packed bar. Very good cherry ale. We only drank, but will go back to eat soon.
5	Love love love!I've been here three times and have enjoyed it each time.First of all, the Stone of Scone Scotch Ale is my favorite so far.On the food side, I loved the Caprese/Mozzarella/Tomato salad.  I enjoyed my Mac & Cheese with plenty of leftovers.  The Peanut Stew seems different for the Great Dane, but it's satisfying, tasty, and leaves you with leftovers.My service is occasionally slow, but it's a fun place and that doesn't seem to matter to me as much while I'm there
4	Local favorite. A tourist must. A college student's best friend.Brew pubs tend to be either focus entirely on the "brew" (good beer, terrible food, even worse ambience) or on the "pub" (mundane/expected beer, amazing atmosphere.) The Great Dane successfully executes all factors necessary for local college students and alcoholics to call it home, including a killer patio, a traditional rathskeller, and beers to drive from Milwaukee to taste. Tri pepper beer? Yes, please. Abrikoos, a peachy, girly brew? I'll have 3. The stout is very tasty as well as the healthiest beer according to Men's Health Sept 2010 (thanks to my boyfriend and his roommate for being inefficient and each having a subscription. )See you next happy hour, you frisky puppy.
4	I'd a given it 5 stars but there were a lot of peeps in there wearing hideous Badger crap!  Just kidding, its a great Brew pub with really good food.Huge selection of beers.  I actually tried the full sampler and let me tell you 18-20 different kinds to try (I can't remember exactly how many :p) mostly all good and a few damn good (Texas IPA was great).  Stay away from the pepper beer, horrid horrid heartburn!plenty of space as there is a great patio out back that has a great garden ambiance too it.A must visit if ever in Madison.
4	Came to this place on a Thursday night with a few people. I was in town, from California, visiting for a few days and had heard a lot of good things about the Great Dane.To start things off, I had the Crop Circle Wheat beer, which was pretty darn good. We also ordered some cheese curds, which were pretty amazing. For my entree, I had the Mad City meatloaf. It was probably one of the better meatloaves I've had in a long, long time. It was seasoned very well and the fried onions and peppers on top were a nice combination of flavor.Crop Circle Wheat + Mad City meatloaf + cheese curds = a full tummy.Definitely a place to check out if you're visiting. Next time I'm in town, I'm gonna have to try a few more of their brews.
5	Went to the Great Dane on a weeknight with a friend. It was excellent. The food was delicious and the atmosphere was laid back and easygoing. We sat out in the patio, and it was cute. We were surrounded by ivy and flowers and it made the meal a little more cozy. The prices were very inexpensive but the food is still delicious. I will definitely go back!
2	For a long time we kept going back because of that beautiful outdoor garden/patio. BUT, the food is just consistently very mediocre. Disappointing. Weird to me that it's such a madison staple. Go to the Old Fashioned instead...much better food, more fun (no garden though).
2	Fair.  I went here with my family and would not return again.Wisconsin does much better in this category.Try somewhere else.
4	Went there for dinner. Very good food, good beer also. I like when places have sampler platters for their beer. You could get anywhere from 4 to 10 4 oz beers as a sampler. We had their nachos with beef, a hamburger and the onion soup.
4	We go to the one on in Fitchburg.  They have three in town that I know of.  Midvale, Fitch Hatchery and the Square.  The lunch menu is excellent.  I have never had a bad meal here.  The staff has always been very friendly and helpful.  The atmosphere is very pleasant and the beer is excellent.Prices are inexpensive.I have heard criticisms about the dinner menu but have only had one dinner and it was very good at Midvale.Always room for improvement but this place gets close to a five.  They need some "Wow" entrees and bring back that salad with fish and don't charge for extra dressing.  This practice is so cheap.  Also, Tea should be bottomless.  Don't charge me for a second tea bag.
5	Is my favorite restaurant really a brewpub in Madison? YES!  I have never had something I don't like (the artichoke and cheese dip is a must).  I also love the dark wood atmosphere and the house brewed beers.  And the fact that it is in one of my favorite cities in America.  I always come here when in Wisconsin.
4	My first trip to Wisconsin, a good friend of mine picked me up from the airport and took me straight here.  She knows what I like!It's right in the middle of downtown Madison, great spot, the building has alot of character.  As soon as we walked in I was hit full in the face with the overwhelming smell of hops.  I immediately knew I would like it here!We were sat right away and I went straight for their Octoberfest.  This was just how it should taste.  Well balanced with malt and hops, good clean finish, I had to have 2.  My friend introduced me to fried cheese curds, and the only thing that stopped me from finishing them off was the arrival of my entree.  On our servers suggestion, I went with the brat plate. Mashed potatoes, house-made slaw, no buns, just the most tender, juiciest brats I have ever had!  The slaw had raisens in it, which I religiously avoid, so I couldn't eat too much of it.  I don't hold that against them.  After lunch, I went ahead and tried a scottish ale, this was also great, but the Octoberfest was the better beer.  I ended up buying two growlers, one for my friend and one for my hotel room. :)The service was fast and friendly, and the place was very warm and inviting.  I don't know when I'll be back in Madison, but when I do, I will be making another trip here!
5	One of my favorite places downtown to go.  Never had a bad experience here.  Very comfortable, fun, casual atmosphere.Love all of their beers. The Cropped Circle Wheat and Stone of Scone Scotch Ale are my two favorites. Typically when my roommate and I come here we just order beer and nachos and whip out our cribbage board. Then we'll just drink and play for like three hours.  Fun fun!
5	I was in town from St. Louis. My friend brought me here knowing what a beer fan I am. I had the Brats, they were fantastic. It came with mashed potatoes and some cinnamon apples, they were equally as fantastic. And since they are a brewery I had to have some beers as well. Excellent!!! If I lived in Madison I would be a regular here as much as I am Schlafly in St. Louis.
1	Went with a group of 6 on Dec. 1 for lunch. Service was slow. Some at the table ordered non-alcoholic drinks made in the restaurant. I believe they enjoyed them. I ordered a chicken wrap ... and some soup. The soup was African? -- and gross. It was thick with a sauce and a LOT of rice, slightly spicy, and with no particular flavor. The chicken wrap (I believe it was called the Mayan) was one of the worst "wraps" I've ever eaten. Ever. What flavor it had was off-putting and it contained about 2-3 ounces of chicken. It was primarily a spinach "wrap." It was about $8. A terrible value. Everything for that matter seemed a bit expensive for lunch.The waiter never asked how things were going, just kept bringing drinks and quickly disappearing.Another at the table also did not like what he had -- a steak wrap of some sort. Complained it had no taste, and the dipping sauce that came with it was like a salt-lick. He also asked for a tiny side of ranch dressing -- which they happily charged him $.25 for. It would have been nice if the waiter had mentioned it was going to cost extra.One other had mac and cheese, which he liked, but it was extremely expensive at $10 (again, lunch), and wasn't a very large serving considering it was pasta (which is cheap to make and cook).Thankfully, it was clean. I won't return, and definitely wouldn't recommend it. There are lots of other great places to eat in the Madison area.
2	Blech.  The menu is expansive, but many of the items are simply not very good.  It's clear that some changes have been made to accomodate the drinking crowd, which is fine, but a recent visit there is most likely our last.  The beer remains the attraction, but it's not a strong enough pull, I'm afraid.
4	The Great Dane is somewhere fun to go with a group of friends. They have a large selection of food, which is usually pretty good. They brew their own beers, which are always quite popular among the guys (I am not a beer drinker...) In the lower lever they have pool tables, shuffle board and other various games to keep you entertained. Overall a fun spot to go to.
4	I love me a turkey burger and this was a good one. I recommend getting it with the pretzel bun. Good food, good beer, great times in the bar after dinner.
4	Took our family on a Thursday afternoon. Kids meals are good and are very reasonably priced.  DH thoroughly enjoyed the burger brat on a pretzel bun. I loved the Chicken Peanut Stew. Falafel wrap I got was tasty but dry.  We had beer sampler and agreed that Black Earth porter, Stout, and Crop Circle Wheat were best. Waiter was very uncharismatic, but the place has a character of its own.
3	This location of the Great Dane is OK but not great.... Went here for a quick beer with my buddy on 3 occasions and we just weren't really enjoying it. We wanted to play some pool but it cost some outrageous amount just to get the pool balls, I don't even remember the exact amount but it was obnoxious. It is always way too crowded and never anywhere to sit the bartenders have been very condescending each time we have been there and its just all-around not a very unique place. THIS particular location. Which it should be, being on the downtown loop near the capital.
4	Guess it's about time for me to write a review about this place.Don't know much what to say though. It's got good food. It's got good beer. It's got shuffleboard.I'm a big fan of their soup and sandwich combination, if I'm in the mood for something lighter. I usually get the tomato soup with the chicken salad sandwich. I also love the chicken pot pie (mmm, comfort food). Cheese curds - I have to say are not my favorite in Madison; too much breading. I'd say similar for their burgers - good but not the best. Loaded fries and spinach/artichoke dip are both tasty appetizers.Service: always friendly.Environment: It's nice that the bar is very separate from the restaurant. Makes it nicer to just have drinks or to have dinner.
4	Yummy food and friendly, attentive servers. It's neat that they brew their own beer and their menu is set up like a newspaper.  The outdoor patio is also neat, doesn't feel like you're downtown because it's secluded and below street levelSometimes I eat myself sick here because it's tasty and the servings are huge. I like the beers, and it's a fun place to play darts or pool too. Once in a while they have live music which is always a bonus. This location does not have brunch, but otherwise the menu is identical to other locations.
5	I love not only the hand crafted beer at Great Dane,but the beer as well.  This location is great for both dinner and a night on the town.
5	I wish they had one in L.A. I  LOVE this place they have the best cheese curds hand down .. Great Dane has good beer and good food .... It takes comfort food from ALL around the world and slaps it onto one menu ... My favorites are the peanut stew - its AMAZING , the pretzel with that crazy horseradish mustard, their cheese curds (DUH)
4	Let's just say, my mouth is watering from all these reviews.  Especially about the Brats and mash. Last time I went, my brother ordered just that and it was delicious. I ordered the fish (it was Friday, i had to!) This place is great for the typical college student or older adult. Don't be fooled by this place and think you just have to order a hamburger, because after all, isn't that what brew pubs are all about...bar food? some beer and a burger? NO. Don't get me wrong, I'm sure the burgers are delicious! But open the menu and you will be surprised by all your choices. Try something new, go for it! (Vegetarian options too!)Relaxing, comfortable environment (and large, but snug at the same time). Friendly staff. Great food (not to mention, large portions). I'll be coming back soon!
3	I have more conflicted thoughts on the Dane, than Norman Bates does on a good day.  Point:-Dane sponsors a lot of leagues/clubs around town offering free pitchers and discounts.-Always has a very sizable selection of beers with reasonable tags.-Very uniquely Madison and dares to be different.-Large space that on most weekdays can accommodate larger groups.-Garden downstairs remained a secret from me for years, but it rocks.-Nice downtown location...(*personality changing* though by Madison standards, difficult parking)Counterpoint:-Has a lot of down nights, with annoying frat tossers and overcrowding.-The food is better than regular bar food but I wouldn't come here specifically to eat (as many unwisely do)-The beers overall tend to be more on the hoppy side (may or may not be your deal) I like hops but have never once remarked 'I love that beer!'-Busier hours, spottier bar service especially upstairs.It's worth an occasional visit but it's not the go-to destination like the Terrace or even a more local/casual bar.  Like a famous club the original Dane is sorta played out to residents.  If you can handle the drive and less idyllic surroundings, I prefer the Ale Asylum for beer and comfort.
4	Thus, the home of good food. Not only is this place praised for its beer, but it also has amazing food. I would recommend the Jamaican jerk hot wings.
3	The Great Dane isn't a terrible place to go for dinner, but the reason you should really be there is for the drinks. They're housed in a massive, beautiful building on Capitol Square. It genuinely has that unique Wisconsin supper club feel, and they've achieved local infamy for it. But the food is somewhat average; while The Dane certainly doesn't have the worst cheese curds I've ever had, they're not at all memorable. I would describe all the food I had as good, but just that. Good, not amazing.Most of the beer on the menu is brewed in-house, and isn't available anywhere else. There are some misses, but they do feature some excellent beer as well as a decent but limited selection of local brands. Drinks can be dirt-cheap, and given the ambiance, I could drink here all day. This is definitely one place you'll want to show to your friends from out of town.
4	We have always had a good time at this Great Dane.  We like the layout of the place.   The view from the back dining is of the parking lot but sits way up so you can see the green hills and landscape off in the distance so it is nice.   It is very clean.The service has always been pleasant, the food good to excellent.  They brew their own beers which is very nice.They have a pretty large balcony off to the side which is quite nice in the summer.Parking is right by the entrance to the west.  If you park in the strip mall you have to take the stairs up to the restaurant and this is a bit confusing.  So don't park there if you don't want to walk a big flight of stairs.Their burgers are excellent as are the wraps.  The salads are all good.
3	The crop cirle wheat and the Noctoberfest are OK.  Most of the special beers are nothing special.  I just wish they would make a bit more effort with their beers.  Food is good and reasonably prices
5	The previous reviewer was right. Their Thai chicken salad is EXCELLENT. The dressing on the salad is to die for. I have been trying to come up with my own  at home but no suck luck yet. I love the huge slice of beer bread with a butter. I always order the salad when I go. But mind you, they don't always have the salad available. Apparently, they change their menu often. The last a couple times have been great disappointment because the menu that has the salad was not out. I don't drink so I can comment on their beer or any other food. If you like salad with a twist, try the thai salad. I love love , love it.
5	This is such an amazing place and Unique to the Fitchburg area. Out of the 4 Great Danes in Madison, I think this one is by far the best. It just seems to have more character and life to it. It is really warm when you walk in like you have been a customer for years and the staff treats you just the same. They have an unbelievable knack for crafting beers which are delicious and plentiful. They have a gorgeous balcony with a huge grill and of course taps within a 5ft reach. It is gated to keep those pesky kids out and the drunken fun in!The Great Dane Fitchburg is always so well kept; it's clean and shiny like it had just opened for the first time. Their food is amazing as well! I have had countless items off the menu so there is no one thing that I like more over another. The seats are massive and envelope you and make you feel like your curled up in a big LazyBoy chair while you eat. Don't forget all the massive TV's to watch the games on! Now the 1 coolest thing about this location? Barry Alvarez people! Yeah! He is here on Thursday nights! Anyways, this location has the feeling of class, a warm Fitchburg feeling and really nice people. Especially the staff!
3	This is the second time I've been here, and I was a bit disappointed.  I got a "Wisconsin Mac and Cheese," and I might have been a bit optimistic when I ordered it.  I've never really had an above-average Mac and Cheese at a restaurant, and this fit right into that experience.  Last time I was here, I had gotten a a sausage platter that was a bit better.  Service was sort of slow and awkward.  This might have been a fluke, but I wouldn't bet on it.The beer was on the good side of the normal range, so I have no complaints about that.  I got their red lager, which was satisfying enough for a lunch drink.I'd like to go again, since I had a better experience last time, and I feel like this might have been a bad combination of choice and timing on my part.
4	We stopped for a late night dinner at the Great Dane Brew Pub on our way to Chicago. It had a nice atmosphere; I could definitely see us spending a lot of time here if we lived in the area. I am not a beer drinker but I did love their root beer. My husband *loves* beer and really enjoyed all of the ones that he tried.  My pot pie was delicious and my husband's burger was really good. If we ever find ourselves in the area again we would go back for sure.
4	YUM, YUM, YUMMY! I can get whatever I want at this local bistro bub.  It's a great place to bring the kiddos, and to have a pub burger.  Beer is good too!
4	I cannot review the food, as we simply came for pre-dinner beers. We were in town from Chicago, and this place had a great selection. Everything our table tried was excellent. Our server knew nothing about beer, but luckily my husband and uncle are brewers and could navigate our group in the right direction. They also will serve their craft beer in pitchers - god bless college students!
4	I frequent this Great Dane location often because it's closest to my house.The things I like:1) Outdoor seating when it's warm2) Everything I've had on their menu is decent. I like their burgers, the chicken pot pie, and the soup/sandwich combo is awesome. It's good old fashioned Midwest comfort food.3) Awesome beer - scotch ale is my favorite.Environment: Casual, usually relatively crowded, but it's a big space so you don't feel cramped.Service: It's never bad, but I'm never walk away with an amazing experience either.
5	Yum! Had the buffalo burger with sweet potato fries.  I went back again the next day and had buffalo chicken with 3 alarm sauce.  Both were excellent.  The Devil's Lake Red beer is great.
3	I used to love this location of the Dane--great parking, good service and yummy food.  I don't know what has happened in the last two months, but it isn't good. I have never sent food back before in my life until the Great Dane in Fitchburg.  I have now sent back 3 things (all different occasions): hiding burnt rice under the peanut stew; not putting any blue or gorgonzola on the pizza where 'blue' is in the name, and mushed up couscous that was one big gross blob. I used to love you, Dane! What happened?
4	Based upon other reviews and a predisposition of favoring pubs with good beer selections, I decided to give this place a try.  The beer menu is great and service at the bar was friendly, attentive and fast.  The bartender made a good recommendation based upon my preferences. I had the "wild caught salmon" sandwich which was good actually.  I never really expect great salmon unless I am paying a small fortune for it, so I was glad to see it hadn't turn to rubber like many places that don't specialize in fish / seafood.This is a casual pub as you might expect and the location in downtown Madison is great for walking around before or after dinner and drinks.  I'll be back for sure!
5	this place is excellent! there is sometimes a long wait on the weekends, but it is well worth it. my husband and i have been here multiple times since our first time there, and it's taken me a long time to get anything but the mac and cheese. it's so damn good! and comes with a pretzel roll that is absolutely fantastic. the last few times we went though, i've been trying some other menu items and the cajun chicken sandwich with sweet potato fries really knocks it out of the park too. highly recommended on even just the food menu, but the beer selections are also really good. overall, a great place with a great atmosphere. i especially love eating out in the garden in back! :)
4	This place is close to my friend's house, so I've ended up here a couple of times during visits to Madison.It's a great neighborhood American joint- good house brews and decent food. Service has always been between ok and good, which is good enough for a place like this. The outside patio is comfortable and has a good atmosphere. I'm a fan.
3	I came here with a girlfriend after work to chill and unwind with a good meal and a nice brew.  The atmosphere was classic brew-pub with simple wooden embelished booths, tables and bar on the inside, and a nice patio on the outside.  Great selection of seasonal drafts as well as their year round wheats and ales.  I tried the Crop Circle Wheat and a seasonal Cream Ale they had, and I must say, that wheat was on point.  I'm not a beer expert by any stretch of the imagination, but I have my tastes, and I definitely enjoyed this one.  When I go to a pub, I'm a sucker for the fish and chips every time.  It came with a choice of 2 or 3 filets with a handsome portion of seasoned fries, cole slaw and a homemade tartar and vinegar on the side.  Very nice flavor on the crip of the fish, but just a touch too breaded for me. Points for crispness and flakiness of the fish, though. Very well done. Fries and tartar were good as well; very hot and fresh, respectively.  My friend ordered a chicken salad, and we had the hummus plate for an app. Yes, hummus.  This place has a pretty varied menu, which always gives me pause. From Margarita pizzas to Tandoori Chicken to Enchiladas, it's all over the map.   Our server, Chad, was great and attentive.  Much of the wait and hostessing staff did seem pretty frazzled and curt. Perhaps they were short of folks that night.I suppose I'll have to go back for two reasons: trying more food, and ordering the beer flights.
3	So, they may as well have played "Glory Days" when I walked in here for dinner the other night. I have very fond memories of this place from when I was in my early 20s and used to visit friends that went to school here. Maybe I was one of those annoying people that Yelpers are complaining about being drunk and obnoxious. However, going there in my 30's is quite a different experience, namely we went there before Midnight. That being said, no matter what the "Dane" does it will always have a special place in my heart. Okay, the food.....The food is okay. I think it is the place where you just order a burger or the like because their menu is quite extensive and I am not sure they have the skill or food quality to really pull off all sorts of different genres of good. I usually stick to the Veggie burger and Portabella and they turn out great. Some of the other food ordered at our tables.....not so great. Beer: One of the beers my husband ordered came at room temp, which would be fine if we were in England however he didn't know it came warm and when we inquired the server just said "it came off the pull tap" Okayyy....what the hell does that mean? Could we just get a cold beer all up in this? Thanks! The server then got him a new one, which was cold. The Circle Wheat was good/refreshing however was a little too sour for my liking. Scene: It was a really beautiful day in Madison and we were really enjoying the patio that is covered with vines and nice and cool in the shade. The patio is where it is at and with good friends, the mediocre good can be overlooked.
4	The menu for this place is fantastic. You can get everything from a delicious wrap to a full dinner. If you are a health conscious person, this restaurant offers side options at no additional charge which include fresh cut dipping vegetables. It offers a delicious variety of food. I have been there three times, each time getting something different. My first time, I thought I would play it safe with a burger. Delicious, well cooked and overall a filling meal. I had it with the hot applesauce. I assumed this would be like traditional applesauce but it was a warm cup of apple cooked in cinnamon. This was almost like a pie filling. Delicious but slightly out of place for dinner. My second time I had the chicken salad on croissant with the dipping vegetables. The chicken salad had nice chunks of chicken and it was not watery. The one thing I can not stand is when my bread gets soggy from the chicken. My veggies included broccoli, celery, carrots and cucumbers. My most recent visit, I had the pulled pork sandwich with couscous. The couscous was delicious, typical but delicious, However the sandwich was amazing. Absolutely delicious. There are so words to describe the flavor and tenderness, so I will leave it at: Just try it. Seriously. The only thing that keeps me from giving this a "5" is the fact that they let loud uncontrollable children in the restaurant. I understand this is a family restaurant, but 2 of the 3 times I have been to the Great Dane, I have sat out in the patio. Each time, we have gotten one of the last available tables. We have been seated next to families with demanding children or just overall children who scream through their entire meal. I do not dislike children, but if I wanted it to sound like a Chuck E. Cheese, I would go there. I go to the patio to have a good meal and drink a beer with my fiance. (PS Their beer is fantastic) I do not go to listen to someone threaten little Bobby that if he does not eat his vegetables he will get it when they get home. My service and experience has not been up to par because of this. I mentioned this to the server and she did nothing. The one time I sat inside, we were seated nowhere near children and were provided the best service to date. I wish this restaurant took the ambiance of the entire restaurant under consideration when they allow disruptions like that to continue on. After all, if it was a drunk adult, they would be asked to leave.
5	I had heard about this place from friends that live in Madison.  I ran the Madison half-marathon, then showered and changed.  Deciding to get some brunch, Sandy and I came here.  Luckily there wasn't a wait, as we were just got in before the rush.We had a very friendly waitress.  I don't remember her name.  Unfortunately after having just finished a half-marathon, I didn't feel like a beer, but they did look good.I am not normally a huge brunch fan, but today I opted for a rib-eye with eggs.  My companion had the mac and cheese.Our meals came out pretty quickly.  My rib-eye was absolutely top notch.  Cooked perfectly medium, but not overly bloody.  My eggs were good, as were the fries, biscuit, and fruit.Sandy loved her mac and cheese.  And the price was right.  We each had a great meal with the total bill coming to less than $25.  By the time we left, people from the marathon were hobbling in, and there was a wait.
4	This is the first restaurant at which I've eaten in Madison, and it was a great way to start! I went with two friends who live here because it's their favorite restaurant downtown, and wasn't disappointed. We started with the cheese curds appetizer, which was tasty and awesome, and then I had a burger that was cooked perfectly and full of flavor.I'm sure I'll be eating here again.
4	The Great Dane Brat and Bacon pretzel burger could stun a water buffalo!  Damn, that is a lot of meat for a tofu eating Pacific Northwesterner.  Still managed to wedge in the deep fried Snicker sundae, which was a bit rich in combination with the burger.Good, diverse menu.  Draft craft root beer was very good.
3	The beers are solid, the tap lineup is quite expansive for a brewpub (most have 6 to 10 tops online at any given time while I've never seen fewer than a dozen at the Dane), the food ranges from good to very good, the building is cool, and it has probably the best biergarten in all of the Midwest. So this really should be at least a 4-star joint. But when the wife and I run up an $80 food and drink tab and you bring us a bill that includes a 50-cent line-item for extra pickles on a burger, you lose a star. Seriously? We drop 8 sawbucks here and you upcharge us for extra fucking pickles? That is some serious skinflintery, not to mention just plain bad form.
5	I raise them one star for their stance on the micro beer issue.   People are starting to wake up that we have the power to fight back and fight we will.  Great Dane is doing the absolute right thing.  Thank you Great Dane!
5	Cheese curds for appetizer were great.  I had the bratwurst and bacon burger which was unique,  tasty,  and delicious. I got the french onion soup as a side and it was great surprise as it was the best part of the meal.  It was even much better than the french onion soup that I had at the tornado room last night, which apparently was supposed to be some of the best in madison. Our server Morgan was nice and very helpful as well in helping us navigate our way around the big menu.  5 out of 5 as far as gastropubs go!
2	First time back to this place in several years.  Also one of the first times I've had a beer that was essentially undrinkable.  Fun environment, but I wouldn't go back again for the beer alone.
3	The Great Dane Pub in downtown Madison was only a short walk from my hotel.  I don't know what it would be like to find parking if I had driven here.The place is huge.  I didn't realize it at first, but it is like three bars in one.  There is the small pub with bar and some high tables, a large game room pub with another bar and pool tables, and then there is the "cave" in the basement with yet another dimly lit bar and booths.  (This would have been more my style, but I didn't discover it until I went looking for the men's room which is also in the basement.)As usual we camped at the bar and ordered a sampler.  The bartender served us with a smile.  The ten samples were presented on a large wooden dog bone shaped  tray.The beers were all drinkable, but there were too many lites, pilsners and other "safe" versions of beer styles for my taste.  (Unfortunately for the Dane, I had spent several hours earlier in the day at a pub with a much tastier selection.)I didn't settle in for a long session at the Great Dane, but if I was going to, then I might have had a pint of the Crop Circle Wheat, Devils Lake Red Lager  or the Black Earth Porter. The food that we had was tasty.  The Drunken Jerk wasn't me for a change, but it was what I ate.  The marinade, with a mix of sweet and spice nicely complemented the meat.  It would have been perfect if the meat was more tender.  They really should have taken the time to cook it until it was falling apart.  My wife's Sustain-A-burger was juicy and delicious.I spent about two hours at the Great Dane on a Thursday evening and it was hopping the whole time.  One thing that I noticed both in this pub and on the street, is that downtown Madison seems to have a high density of attractive young women.  I am a happily married man, but I thought I would add that to my review for all you eligible bachelors out there.Overall, I enjoyed my visit to the Great Dane Pub in downtown Madison.  The food was tasty, the atmosphere was fun.  The beer was OK, but not great.  If this place was in my neighborhood, I would definitely be a regular.  The beer is the deciding factor for me though.  I wish I could give this place a 3.5, but I cannot justify a 4 until the beer ranks up there with other fine Madison area breweries.
5	This place by far is one of my favorite brew pubs. Leave it to Wisconsin to put beer in their Mac and Cheese. I usually get a burger here, because they are tasty, but I can't think of anything I had here that was really nasty. They have this one West African Chicken Peanut Stew or something that is really tasty, and I recommend their hot pretzels and beer bread with honey butter for an appetizer. The cheese curds were pretty yummy too, but cheese curds are cheese curds, but the mustards they give you with the pretzels is fantastic! I can't comment on their beer that they brew on site, but my parents don't complain when they drink it. I know there's a lot of places to eat in Madison, but me and my family always go out of our way to eat here at least once, if not twice when we are in town.
2	The Friday Night Fish Fry is pretty gross, actually. There are much better places to go for that. I'm not a fan of their beers, either. It's probably a fine spot for an end of night drink and something to soak up the beer in your belly before you make your way home.
4	Since I was eating for lunch after drinking lots the night before, the smell of hopps (sp?) was very strong and I knew that I needed to make this lunch quick.The menu has samplers for cheap which was good fro the hair of the dog. The burger was good and many Wisconsin beers to choose from.My friend and I arrived just a few minutes after 11 and this place gets busy quickly. When I came back from the bathroom (which is downstairs) all the tables were filled just before noon. So, get here early. The fact that it was so busy so quickly with so many places to eat in the Capitol tells me that many things are good at this place.
5	great beer, great food.  Awesome secluded back patio.
3	I've been to Great Dane several times at its various locations.  The food is always pretty good...it doesn't "wow" but it doesn't disappoint.  It's one of the more reasonably priced "sit down" restaurants.  It's also a good place to get takeout if you don't feel like cooking.  The burgers are always good, and the quesadilla is really good if ordered without the sweet BBQ sauce.I recently discovered the basement area of this Great Dane location. It has a really cool atmosphere...kind of has a Prohibition era feel to it.  It's a nice place to sit and have drinks, and the bartender was very friendly and helpful.  I agree with other yelpers that it's not the best beer I've ever had, but it's pretty good, and I'd much rather have a microbrew than a Miller Lite.
5	Just got home from Great Dane's Sunday Brunch.  OMG.  It was the best brunch we've EVER had.  You want Eggs Benedict? Got it.  Smoked salmon?  Got it.  Peel & eat shrimp?  Got it.  Quiche?  Got it.  Prime Rib?  You guessed it, they've got it, and it's rare.  Seriously, anything you could want for breakfast they have, and it's all OUTSTANDING!  A bit more pricey than you're used to paying for a breakfast buffet, but the selection, and quality of the food is unreal.
5	This place is awesome.  I love the Reuben and always get some quality beer they brew themselves.
4	All the dane locations are good (ok, i haven't done wausau yet...). I've been impressed with the consistency. The food is good (get the nachos!). Pizza and burgers are also good, but i don't have a lot of faith in their ability to go too far beyond standard pub fare (skip the peanut stew, falafal, mexican, etc. IMO). The beer is good (apa!). I especially like the aged apa from the hand pump when they have it...All in all, i nice casual place with good service and outdoor dining. I don't hesitate to bring out of towners here.update: the fish tacos are actually pretty good! beware the hot salsa. and the hot pretzels with horseradish/cranberry dip is good too.
2	Brewpubs tend to be my first target whenever I visit a new city. Great Dane happened to be a couple blocks away from the punk rock show we descended upon Madison for. I was stoked... until their beer touched my lips.It is very, very difficult for me NOT to finish a beer, no matter the circumstances: bodily capacity, time constraints, ore even a little Armageddon. But I actually abandoned some of my Crop Circle Wheat because it had become unpalatable 2/3 through the very generous pour. I enjoy wheat and citrus-y beers, but couldn't manage to finish a glass of it. The fact that a pair of fruit flies kept landing and launching off my lemon slice every sip didn't earn this brewpub any favors, either.NOM'd: Crop Circle Wheat
3	Crowded but not overly loud.  We didn't try the food as we had dinner plans elsewhere but a nice place to have an informal gathering and enjoy some beverages.  We could still hold conversations, which was nice.  I didn't try any of the beers but the husband rather liked the Crop Circle Wheat, which came in a huge glass, and he also tried the Tri Pepper, of which I did have a sip.  A bit weird but not the worst thing I've ever had.  Good location, kind of odd layout as there are spots where it was hard to get around, and the bartender kept giving me diet cokes (yay for being the designated driver) so I was happy with the service.  Somewhere we would seek out again if we are back in the area!
5	Walked over to Great Dane after moving our daughter into UW. It was a beautiful night so we dined outside. The outdoor area is a hidden gem behind the restaurant. The food was great as was the service. We ate at another location and had a fantastic Easter Brunch. This is a great go-to restaurant when you're looking for a great meal and a pleasant, fun atmosphere.
2	It's only ok for me. I've had better beers and better food. People look at this place as a Madison staple, but if you are going to go, I would only go fro drinks. The food is fine if you go in with low expectations, it's just nothing special and there are plenty of better dining options that are a short walk from this place.
5	My wife and I came here after having noshed at the Taste of Madison earlier in the day. Being that we showed up around 7PM on a Saturday night, we figured that we would have to wait a while before getting a table and were prepared to do so. We were seated right away and had beer in our hands shortly afterward. ATMOSPHERE: While the basement and back of the restaurant are a maze, the lighting, layout and circulation through the dining area were done well. While filled with alot of people, it didn't seem at all crowded. Being a Chicago White Sox fan it was also nice to see good baseball being played on television much to the delight of the local fans. DRINKS: ROUND 1: Devils Lake Red Lager for me and Black Earth Porter for my wife. I enjoyed the Red Lager but it seemed a slightly subdued version of a standard red rye ale. As a self-proclaimed beer connoisseur I had to sample some of my wife's selection. The Black Earth Porter was very bold and full flavored and proved to be my refuge when my Round 2 choice was not available. FOOD: We both enjoyed our brews while splitting an order of Nakoma Nachos. The nachos were standard pub style and were good but nothing out of the ordinary. We were not expecting much but our entrees would blow us away. My wife had the Tandoori Chicken, which she thoroughly enjoyed and I had the Inner Warmth Peanut Stew. As a vegetarian I am often stuck with minimal options as far as entrees go; this was not the case at Great Dane. I spent a while wrestling with what I actually wanted for dinner given that I had many options to choose from. The stew was almost too good, as each spoonful found me focusing on some different aspect of it's flavor. I can say with certainty that I have never had a hearty veggie stew that I didn't make myself, until that night. I left nothing on my plate and felt comfortably full from this dish. DRINKS: ROUND 2: Black Earth Porter for me and Crop Circle Wheat for my wife. My only gripe comes at this point. I had asked for The Stone of Scone Scotch Ale, which was unavailable. That it was unavailable was not a problem, but the fact that it was not mentioned or noted anywhere was. That aside, we were both happy with our drink choices. SERVICE: Our server was swamped yet still managed to stay on top of our every need, which seemed an impossible feat. She was well-versed in the menu and had a very pleasant demeanor despite her hectic pace. PRICE: The price tag for 2 rounds of drinks, 2 entrees, and an appetizer was far less than we would have thought. Maybe we are used to the inflated prices of the Chicago metro area but all of that for under $50 almost sent us into shock. Good food paired with good beer and above average service is worth quite a bit more than that.
2	In a town with dozens of brewpubs, I can't really see a reason to come back to the Great Dane. The atmosphere is spot-on of what they're trying to do, but the food and beer just aren't up to snuff. Between the two of us, we tried 4 of the beers, none of which were good enough that I'd order them again. I wish they had at least a few guest taps at this place for those of us with different taste in beer from their brewer. The food was also so-so. There were a lot of things on the menu that looked pretty good, and we ordered a reuben and a sustainaburger. The burger was fine, but probably not worth the price tag. The reuben was way below average. The corned beef was fine, but there wasn't enough of it. The sauerkraut was so bland I had to open up the bread and see if it was there. Also, they served the thousand island on the side, which I've NEVER experienced with reuben before, and which prevented the flavors from integrating like they needed to. At least the coleslaw on the side was good. The cheese curds seemed like they'd been poured out of a frozen sysco package.In summary, food and beer are very mediocre. there is better to be had in every neighborhood in town.
2	We went here because they have a gluten-free menu.  While the menu is gluten-free, it's not particularly healthy and is full of dairy and fried foods.  There were a few healthier options and I picked the salmon. It was alright. My biggest complaint is that the salad that comes with the entree came covered in croutons.  The waiter knew I ordered from the gluten-free menu but wasn't paying much attention to the details.  Oh well.  I didn't drink the beer but my friend that did said it was good.
3	Eat on the patio, grab a burger and brew.  Best beer, the verucht stadt.
5	One of my favorite brew pubs in the country! The Great Dane never ceases to amaze: serving up delicious 'Sconnie style food and masterfully crafted beer in a warm, inviting atmosphere that just begs to be on your list of favorites!I've been a few times now and never had less than extraordinary. Their burgers are awesome, with LOTS of variety in everything from the meat (choose turkey or Buffalo if you want...there's even a burger with a brat), the bun (I usually go with the pretzel), lots of toppings (try some fried onions), and of course, CHEEEESE (well duh, it's Wisconsin).Oh, also, their fried cheese curds were among the best in Madison.The beer. It doesn't get better than the beer. They have lots of great seasonals. This last round I indulged in a few pints of the Oktoberfest. But, I've also enjoyed many an amber, lager, pale, and porter (their porter is pretty good).Their atmosphere is pretty cool too. In addition to their rich, wood tone dining room is also a cozy bar, a cool dark beer "dungeon", and a really cool outdoor biergarten.I would give this place as many stars as Yelp allows, and will be back time after time.
2	We've been back twice now since our first visit.  The second time, was still pretty good.  Went last Sunday, (10/16/11), and it could have been way better.  We think that they have started to try to cut costs, and it's showing.  Will maybe give it one more try.  Maybe.
4	Interesting menu with great bears.  There are multiple locations, I picked the one nearest the capitol.  The place was huge, complete with billiards downstairs.  I had their soup and salad option with their creamy bacon potato soup and their caesar salad.  The caesar dressing was pleasantly creamy without that strong vinegary taste some have.  Pricing was more than fair.  My lady and I ordered two sampler bones (four 4oz pours brought to you on a wooden dog bone that has numbers under the glasses that correlate to with a name board they give you, simple but very helpful!).  The majority of the beer tasted great and very fresh, like beers from a brew pub should.My lady got the fried plantains and they were amazing!  Not chalky, rather creamy and sweet!
4	Good beer.  Good food.  Great place to take a group of people or pickier eaters as the menu has a little bit of everything.  The typical pub food is really top-notch and there is a lot of variety on the menu.  I've had all kinds of dishes here and never been disappointed.   (except when they took my favorite cajun-style haddock sandwich off the menu)
4	A consistent crowd-pleaser every time we go to the Great Dane, no matter the location or the occasion! Our first meal in Madison last winter, the place we take our respective parents and relatives when they visit Madison, and the place we bring picky (and non-picky, for that matter) out-of-town friends and visitors. Standard American fare made interesting and a great pub-like atmosphere. What's not to love?
3	Great Dane is a great pub if you're looking for a good variety of custom brews and good atmosphere, however, I was a little oversold on this place based on the other Yelp reviews and personal recommendations from friends. I did a sampler of several of their custom brews, including the County Cherry, Peck's IPA, Old Glory APA, Super Red, Speedway IPA and the Crop Circle Wheat.  Loved being able to do a sampler flight and try and bunch of the beers, so this is the way to go in my opinion.  Double vote for the County Cherry if you're looking for something different.The food was pretty average.  I thought it was going to be way better, so this is really the reason for the 3 star review.  The food was good, not great, and the frustrating part was that it would only take a tiny bit of effort to really make the food stand out.  I ordered the Wisconsin mac and cheese, and it was good.  Wish they had loaded up a ton of extra cheese on top, then baked it for a few minutes - then it would have been killer.  My friend ordered the Great Dane burger, which has artichoke dip on it instead of cheese, and he said it tasted like cream cheese on top and wasn't very flavorful. The bottom line is that this is a great place for atmosphere and beer, but has pretty average pub fare.  I'd recommend going elsewhere for dinner, then spending the latter part of your night sampling the delicious brews of Great Dane.
3	Peanut soup that everyone likes is not that great and I am a fan of dark beer so not a fan of the blue moonish beer. The darker beers were great though
4	I really enjoy a weekend lunch of after work dinner here.  The atmosphere is great, a nice menu that is periodically updated, and very nice for people watching.  We've had large groups here a number of times and have always received good to exceptional service.I only wish I lived closer so I could walk here.... ;)
5	I've been back twice now, including another location south of downtown.  Dinner was excellent, prices are very reasonable and service was good whether there was a big crowd or not.The only disappointing thing about this place is they haven't opened a location in my hometown, St. Louis.
4	a Madison staple! Everyone always asks "have you gone to the Great Dane?" Good beer - great food - impeccable service! Lots of space, beer garden, fun atmosphere, great downtown location!
2	The luster is slowly fading away from the brewpub.  In the years past, I would rave about the food and the quality of beer put out by the Great Dane.  I can't say that any longer.  Their beer is somewhat pedestrian and the food taste more and more like Sysco "from a can".  It is a shame as I have been a stalwart since they opened the original in 94/95.  Much better places to go in the area...Tipsy Cow, Old Fashioned, Coopers.
4	I have eaten in the dining room of here before, however, this review is based on take out.The parking is great as it does have a parking structure, albeit somewhat small. The staff was quite friendly upon arrival and the place has that hometown brewery feeling to it. The hostess was not put out in the least that I was requesting take out. She politely handed me a menu and directed me to the bar to place my order. From start to finish, I was in and out in about 15 or so minutes. Not bad at all. The bartender was very nice and again not put off that I was just ordering food and not sitting down for a beverage.The food is pretty good here. I would say a kick above pub food as there are somewhat healthy alternatives. The only complaint I have is that they did not include any place settings for the order...even though I requested them to. Not the end of the world, that is what we have fingers and hotel towels for.
4	Nice casual place for a good beer and average pub food.
4	I cannot speak for the food or for the drinks, I have been here many times and only come for one reason...Pool table rental by the hour, one of the few places in the downtown area of Madison you will find that.
4	Peanut stew was delicious. Waited twenty minutes for a table on a Wednesday, but our dinner came out quickly. Only complaint was that the red lager I ordered was the worst I've ever tasted, but my parents enjoyed the Scotch ale and wheat beer they ordered.
4	Your typical pub grub with a solid selection of local brews. Ate there a few times and service was always fast and friendly. Wait staff was always knowledgeable in beer selection and very patient with us. The one time I had the hot wings they were fantastic. The perfect amount of spiciness, they were meaty and portion was very generous. Had a few other dishes and all were solid in flavor and serving size.
4	My wife and I go out for "date night" in Madison every couple of months. When we go, we usually either eat at Great Dane or AJ Bombers. We like the food better at AJ Bombers, but you can't beat the beer at Great Dane. Great Dane has an enormous menu selection and most of the food is terrific. The burgers are great and the soups are delicious. However, I DO NOT recommend the fish fry. The fish is overcooked, over breaded and thin. It's like you're eating an over-fried piece of breading. We like going to brew pubs, and as far as the beer goes, Great Dane is top notch. In my opinion, it is even better than Water Street Brewery in Milwaukee and the Capital Brewery in Madison. Enjoy!
5	im almost sad that i found this place, because now i have a difficult time choosing between this place and the old fashioned when i visit madison... all of the food that i put into my mouth here was great. i also had a good amount of great beer so i dont fully remember what all the food was that i put into my mouth... just trust that its all good. i was equally as impressed with the beer though, if not more. they brew all their own beer, at least from what i remember. i am a pretty harsh judge of beer, just ask the horny goat, this place does it right. it was clear that they actually care about the quality of the beer they put out, which is sometimes not the case with gastropub sort of places.basically id definitely recommend trying this place out. youll be happy you did.
5	I'm a huge fan of brewery restaurants... they always have the best food. This place was no exception. My boss and I came here for dinner during our business trip, and we wanted to try a place that was unique and unlike what we could try back home.While we waited for a table, we sat in the bar area and had a beer. He and I both ordered the Crop Circle Wheat, which the waitress said was like Blue Moon. I'm pretty picky when it comes to beer, but it was quite good. Once we were seated, we saw just how huge the menu was. It took us a while to decide what to order. We knew we wanted to try fried cheese curds... I mean, when are we ever going to be able to try them again except in a place like this? And holy cow they were yummy. They were super crunchy and rather addictive. I'm not a fan of ranch dressing, but apparently it's a pretty popular dip. They were perfectly fine on their own.My boss ordered the prime rib with cheddar mashed potatoes (which were great, by the way), while I decided to get their Wisconsin style cheddar mac n' cheese. Noticing a pattern with our ordering yet? When in Rome... My mac n' cheese was absolutely delicious. The sauce was thick and creamy, and it was topped with sourdough bread crumbs. It was a ton of food, so I couldn't finish it (even with my boss helping me).Needless to say, I'm a huge fan of this place. I guess it's a good thing they don't have a location in Florida, because I'd gain a lot of weight if I ate like this all the time :)
5	What a great place to enjoy a meal and a couple of beers.I went with my girlfriend for an evening after visiting Madison for the first time.   She is from the area and this was one of her old hang out's in her college days.  She had talked about it and my thoughts were that she probably remembered it as being better than it really was.  I have to admit though, the food was great and the beer was yummy.To start we had a couple beers at the bar (Landmark Lite Lagers).  It was a Saturday night and busy for them.   We waited for around a half hour but were able to find a place to sit in the area of the bar.  The waitress was quick and it was a nice atmosphere as far as being lively but still being able to hold a conversation.   We sat in the downstairs area, which was cozy.   Some other reviews complained about it being dark or dingy but I didn't find that at all.  We ordered a flight of 11 beers so we could try the remaining one's on the menu and made a game out of how much of them we would drink .  We also did our amateur critique on all of them and tried to describe what they tasted like.... it was a lot of fun and a great way to experience all the varieties that Great Dane had to offer.   My personal favorites were: Black Earth Porter, Devils Lake Red, Old Glory American and the Scotch Ale.   But again, they have a wide variety for any pallet.For dinner I had a Great Dane brat and pretzel burger which was simply AWESOME.  I mean, how can you beat a hamburger with a bratwurst on top of it?  She had the Sesame Seared Tuna salad which is one of her favorites.  I kept meaning to try a bite but never got to it between having my mouth full of burger and her enjoying her salad.The waitress was very good.  She was attentive and friendly and quick to serve us but not hoovering or a pest.  She was a good mix.The clientele was a good mix of families, adults and college students.  It wasn't overly party oriented but at the same time was a casual environment for everyone there.After dinner I realized that in addition to the restaurant side of the bar there was also a pool hall portion.  This was more filled with college students and I suspect could get pretty lively later in the night.Overall it was a great experience and I would certainly go there again next time I'm in Madison.
4	I wish we could have gotten a pool table, but the first floor was PACKED. Luckily, the bar in the basement had a few extra seats. Win for us!  The lower level also seemed to attract an older crowd that was not as rowdy as the crowd upstairs, which suited our needs a little better.I've been to the Great Dane in Fitchburg, and comparatively speaking, this Dane seems much more versatile in terms the types of events it can host. Especially with the distinct/contrasting umbeyonce (http://tinyurl.com/7ugfd7e) of the two levels.  The upper floor is a little more modern, and looks like a dive bar/sports bar/pool hall all rolled into one, while the lower level has a slight medieval feel - think dim lights, brick walls, paneled ceilings. Two sides of a very fat coin. Anniversary celebration downstairs, raging college night out upstairs? Sounds about right.Dane has a nice selection of beers on tap, as well as a fully stocked bar. The drinks were not as strong as I would have liked, but the bartender's suggestions weren't bad. I appreciated the fact that the service was extremely attentive and friendly - but please, stop trying to refill my glass every 15 minutes. That is a bit excessive. I'll holla if I needya.
4	Full disclosure: I was on the way home from a work trip and I had just napped in a parking lot nearby. I would have eaten the soles off of your shoes. Met a friend at the Great Dane, and upon walking through the door my perception changed. I had always pictured it as a generic brew pub along the lines of Rock Bottom, but this place is gorgeous. And HUGE. Sat at the bar, had the mac n cheese and exchanged barbs with the bartender (she was the best kind of snarky.). Had their imperial IPA and liked it a lot.  I'm really glad I took my friend's advice on this place and I'm sure I'll be back in the near future.
4	The food (and beer!) is consistently delicious at The Great Dane. I'm always amazed at how big and diverse the menu is here... I'd say that this would be a very good destination for groups with a variety of palates. There's a number of Great Dane locations in and around Madison, but the environment here is the best of them all. Interesting, historic building with a really rich and comfortable interior - the basement has a gorgeous fireplace and field stone hearth that makes the space really cozy in the winter.
4	I don't consume alcohol, so this is a strange place for me to go to but the people I was with consume alcohol. This is a review for just the food.The ribs are just ok but a little dry. The sauce is too heavy and overbearing. I can make better ribs.The wings appetizer was better. The wings are juicy and the sauces - Chinese and jerk - are very good.The fried cheese appetizer is pretty good but let's be frank - a blindfolded monkey can't screw up fried cheese.If you like pubs and micro brews, this place may be for you.
5	Some of the best beer I've ever had!  The service was super great (our waitress was very friendly & knew a lot about the beer & let us taste samples).  Was a perfect start to my first trip to Madison.
4	West African Chicken Peanut Stew... YUM!Went with gf and family here while in Madison to attend a graduation and this is where we went the first night.I know i've been here before, but didn't remember much. The burgers gf and I had were really good. Loved my black and tan while gf had the sustainaburger. As mentioned before, loved the chicken peanut stew... Very good. Beer bread with honey butter was also really good, but I don't think worth the price.Gf's brother seemed to like the beers as before we left Madison he bought two growlers of beer. Good stuff here.
2	Just left the Great Dane in Fitchburg.  We ate on the patio.  Food was OK,  but we were in a smoker's convention.  Most people around us, and at the outside bar were smokers.  I would recommend that the hostess inform guests at the time of seating that smoking is allowed in that area.  You would at least know in advance before being seated and ordering.  We have been there several times in the past but had always sat inside until this evening.  Now we know better.  Our clothes and hair smell like smoke, and we are stuffed up.  Beth & Dave
5	I LOOOOOOOVED THIS PUB! We ate there on a warm summer night and had the pleasure of dining outside in the ridiculously romantic patio area. It was perfect. We ordered beers all around and an order of beer-steamed mussels to start. I have been day-dreaming about the mussels ever since. They came in a big pot full of steam and their own deliciousness, and each mussel was a bundle of joy. For dinner I ordered an Asian-style salad, and I enjoyed every bite. I ate at the Great Dane Pub several weeks ago, and ever since then I have been aching to go back. In short: I know that there are a lot of pubs in Madison, but the Great Dane Pub & Brewing Company stands out among them!
4	This past Saturday evening I made my way out to Fitchburg after having read some online reviews on Yelp.com and Urbanspoon.com and several of the hit items the Great Dane serves up. I even found some images on the net that really sold me on making a stop this past weekend to indulge myself in a classic burger that offered something different at the same time. Lets not forget that el fresco dining options never hurts either. At the Great Dane in Fitchburg, you get all that and then some. So let me walk you through the descriptive, visual and sensory pathway that was my "eat feat" for this weekend.Arriving at around 7pm I took the option to sit out at the bar in the "Garden Dining" section of the restaurant which I found fairly busy but not overcrowded either. I grabbed a seat and was quickly given attention by one of the bartenders who then kept close tabs on me during my whole stay. Having already seen the online menu I was pretty sure on what I was going to get for an app and entree but dessert still escaped me as no dessert menu was or is listed on the main menu. That I would have to wait and see on.Brown Ale French Onion Soup $5This is the real deal when it comes to French Onion Soup! Great flavor, amazing aroma, a thick slice of melted bubbly cheese and then a thick slice of french bread underneath with ample soft, moist, chopped onions to seal the deal. Comes with 2 small whole wheat rolls to dip in and soak up the broth to!Burger Entree $10.50 + $1.00 for sweet potato friesThe Great Dane's Brat and Bacon Pretzel BurgerThis burger is certainly what I needed. A classic burger yet something a bit different and not so basic. The pretzel bun all on its own may be to blame for this as its my first exposure to it but even the brat-burger dynamic may have played in, or maybe the bacon-burger-brat did it, or maybe the cheddar cheese-bacon-burger-brat combo to blame?? Who knows and who cares! It was darn good either way! It comes with Pecks Pilsner Mustard which I was quite liberal with to say the least as its a personal favorite condiment of mine so I was sure to see that nothing here was going to waste. Others should be forewarned....this burger is big and despite the bun and its hard pretzel covering to help support the mass of goodness inside, your going to get a little messy trying to eat this whole, even with two hands. Cut this monster in half and then you stand a fighting chance of keeping your hands from the onslaught I encountered (but so worth it!) The additional $1 for sweet potato fries was very well worth it! Warm, crisp and fresh with that smell and taste of real cut sweet potatoes is what I wanted and that is just what I got. A great companion to go with the taste of the burger! I shall note that sweet tater fries are my all time favorite side dish to any burger period, kudos to The Great Dane for offering this option!Not despite my initial feelings of being full, my curiosity for the dessert menu was still getting the best of me. At about that time my peppy, friendly and very attentive bartender (female who's name I never did catch) asked me if I would like to see the dessert menu.....I instantly obliged!It took me all but 10 seconds to see the very first item listed was Carrot Cake. My #1 pick for any dessert item anywhere. That said I never even looked at the other 4-5 items listed on the menu, it was a sealed deal when I saw my go-to items listed at the top. More so when it says "4 layer" within the subtitle. I took a chance in hopes this would be a spot on hit as many places in the past have sub par versions of "homemade" carrot cake which leaves me not so happy to say the least. On this occasion, my taste buds nor my stomach left displeased as this was a pure HIT on all levels.Carrot Cake: $5.25Authentic cream cheese frosting, moist layers of cake with real carrot flakes and walnuts. I really took my time to let my taste buds bask in the depth, the richness, the melding flavors of what each bite of real carrot cake is supposed to offer its consumer. Its a darn good thing they serve this by the slice because people like me would have the whole cake gone otherwise.So in summary, my bill which totaled just over $26 (with drink) was well worth the food quality, quantity, the service, the outdoor dining atmosphere (even took in 5 innings of the sox/brewers game). I have to admit that during my hour stay I really got the feeling that the waitstaff enjoyed working there. They all seemed happy, energetic, lively and social to each other and the customers at all times. Makes you think its not only a good place to eat but also a all round good place to be on any occasion as well.In my case I come for the food, tonight I was very pleased and must give a strong recommendation for others to give a go with these food items and any others like it. If you find yourself bored and hungry on a Saturday evening, I found
4	A group of nine of us were lucky enough to get a table here at 8:30 on a Thursday evening. Thursday nights appear to be quite popular with the teams from the Madison Ultimate Frisbee Association (I think they get free beer or something) and practically all of the tables in the place were full. Even with a full house our server was attentive, the food and drinks came out quickly, and the manager stopped by our table to check on us.Everyone had positive reactions to their food and beer. We had two orders of cheese curds - tasty, crispy coating on the outside and gooey cheese on the inside. I ordered the chicken potpie and loved it. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=KaAXj7XkVXk6YrR_jYyGUg&userid=eqeIvuHRTp8ezyfqWPVxlw Perfect size for a single serving with a light flaky crust on top and vegetables that were cooked perfectly. My friend sitting next to me had the bacon and brat pretzel burger which he loved. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=XjhuLVYnk9Gp8dGr-5kIEw&userid=eqeIvuHRTp8ezyfqWPVxlw Then again what isn't there to love about a burger that consists of a hamburger patty, a bratwurst patty topped with applewood smoked bacon?The Great Dane was the perfect fit for a group as large as we had - there was something for everyone on the menu and the restaurant is obviously accustomed to dealing with large groups.
4	What makes this place great is that everything the have is good or very good. When we decide to go out to eat the default is generally the Great Dane because they have such a wide variety of food and do a good job at each dish that it doesn't matter what we are in the mood for. They also have pretty good beer. A good combo I like to get is the Oatmeal Stout and the Pot Pie they go well together especially in the wintertime. Another combo is the Crop Circle Wheat with the Fish Tacos. Two things I would rate exceptional: The Nakoma Nachos (served all night), and the clam chowder (Fridays only). When it is busy or a long wait just sit at the bar, there is usually available space. In conclusion: it be a mighty fine Pub.
5	So...time for an update.  I work near this location, so I come here often for lunch or dinner.  In addition, I travel a lot, and have been to numerous other types of establishments.  Take home messages:- the staff are GREAT at the Great Dane.  Whether spending 30 minutes talking shop with the brew meister, or just chatting with the bartenders and staff....the folks here are so friendly, laid back, and frankly, fun to talk to.  There have been many a day, bad at work, come for lunch and a beer, end up socializing, and leave feeling rejuvenated and upbeat.- the beers?  good to great.  I do NOT expect GREAT beer with every batch, variety, or brew.  Beer is a living thing, subject to temperature, climates, humidity, weather...even going back to the conditions under which the hops and malt were grown, as well as how sensitive the yeast is.  These guys brew really damn good beer, and true to how beer should be brewed...GREAT ingredients, with true yeasts.  Cheers!- ambiance - what more is there to say?  this is THE place to be.  From wacky, to straight laced, from old school woodwork and bar, fun games, great sports selection on TV, and, dare I say, the prettiest and most friendly wait staff around!  Just.  Plain.  Nice.  :)- Food:  The menus change, and go through rotation.  Classic pub fare, to healthy choices (try the tuna sushi roll salad..it's new, and damn, home made rolls...maybe not THE BEST...but, damn good for home made!)  always something nice.  Hey guys, if you read this, bring back the lamb....just saying  :P- dedication to what is "Wisconsin"....hell yeah.  from work ethic, to ownership, to local brews, to everything wonderful about our state....this IS Wisconsin.There is a reason this place is SO CONSISTENTLY busy busy busy....hint:  it is busy during dinner and weekends....accept it, and roll with it...either plan on waiting or...jaunt upstairs...there is plenty of seating there, too.
4	Since I'd moved away, I hadn't been to the Great Dane in yeeears. Until last weekend.On the busy Saturday of Art Fair on the Square weekend, I stopped in with my godmother, my sister and her sleeping baby-in-a-stroller. The hostess was really great and found a table where we could wheel the aforementioned sleeping baby next to without having to wake her up. And when she did later wake up? A high chair was brought over pronto by our fab waitress. The food was delicious. My godmother maintains that the mussels were among the best ever, my sister enjoyed her burger, and I couldn't even finish the mound o' jerk pork I had. Yum!  Superbly attentive service and everything was fast and fresh - particularly notable as the place was packed. I remember why I used to like going there. And will take up the habit again now that I'm back in WI!
4	Two paths diverged into a wood, and be one traveller, long I stood...ok I took the path that offered really great craft beer and eats.  Great Dane delivered this very weary, strung out traveller one of the best interpretations of a German pilsner out there.  Two 16oz'ers disappeared like water in the desert (and for all practical purposes it is a desert here in Madison...about 100 deg F.).  Rarely has the confluence of thirst, heat, 18 hrs of driving, mental and physical fatigue, and just overall feeling beat been better medicated.  Livingstone would've been well advised to pack some cold ones from GD on his epic trek.Food was solid.  The Wisconsin fried cheddar cheese balls were like mozzarella sticks for cheese-heads, and the Dane burger, served char broiled with artichoke sauce, was delish.  Atmosphere was typical high end pub, and service was spot-on.I suspect that, like the traveller in Frost's poem, GD has and will continue to make all the difference...at least with regard to my sobriety.
4	aaah the great dane. So many warm memories sitting outside in the humid summer nights, with fireflies flying about, sipping on a pint of... ...well, here's where my imagination can go anywhere! A nice refreshing crop circle wheat... or a hoppy imperial IPA... or an emerald isle stout... or my favorite, the stone of scone scotch ale! All wonderful choices!The only regrettable thing is that the late night menu is so limited! I wish I could have this with poutine! instead, I have to settle for gringo nachos... which isn't bad when you're in your happy beer place... but man, the only other share-able thing on the menu, really, is the beer bread. And while I enjoy the honey butter and bread... please more shareable late night menu items!
5	Awesome Devil's Lake Red Lager and Wings. Can't wait for the the Great Dane's Brat and Bacon Pretzel Burger. Rollin' Wisconsin-style.
4	We are new to Madison and decided to try Great Dane as part of our welcome to Wisconsin tour. I'm glad we tried it once, though I'm not sure it will be on our go-to list.The service was great- from the host to the servers. Our server knew a lot about the beers and the food, which I always appreciate. We sat outside in the garden (it was way too hot, I don't know what we were thinking...). The cheese curds were OK. We had cheese curds from the Old Fashioned earlier in the week, so the bar was set pretty high.  We did a beer sampler (4 beers for $6). I won't pretend to be a beer expert - but none of the beers really stood out. We tried a pale ale, the crop circle wheat, a red ale, and a scotch ale. All fine. Nothing blew me away. The place seems really popular. I'm sure it's just a matter of finding the beer and menu items that fit you. I will probably try it again.
4	Awesome place to come late night for drinks.  There is a great patio outside with lots of space and pretty trees covering it.  I ordered the mac and cheese which was pretty good, rigatoni with Wisconsin cheddar and a beery Pilsner taste, served with a soft pretzel bun, and some drinks.
4	Simply put, you won't find a bar that has as wide and tasty a selection of custom micro brews in all of Madison - capital of American Beer country.This place is unique.  With a partially rotating seasonal menu, it has some unique offerings along with its exceptional beer offering.Whether it's a meal or a night hanging with friends to catch a game, The Great Dane is a wonderful experience.
5	After my first trip to "The Dane" I came away pretty impressed. I went there for a friend's birthday and we got to sit in the beer garden. It was a nice escape from the usual Madison outdoor eating experience. Despite the fly population, I thought the food was top notch. I got the Smothered and Covered Fried Chicken. Let's just say the description fit the bill. That chicken was smothered and covered in delicious gluttony.  I'm a creature of habit, so it will be tough for me to get something else the next time I go, but I hear the burgers are the bees-knees as well.
2	This place is way overrated. It is a decent pub place with good Wisconsin grub, but nothing I would wait over 15 minutes to get. Their beers are good as they brew all of the beer themselves which is cool. Yet, the Great Dane is more a big name in Madison that under delivers on quality of food.
4	Stopping at The Great Dane is a must when I am visiting Madison. On my last visit, we were seated downstairs for dinner. I did not care for the atmosphere at all! It was extremely loud because we were seated right near a bar.  Our server appeared more like a cocktail waitress and wasn't very friendly or helpful.  If I was grabbing a drink, I wouldn't mind. However, when I am having dinner, I need some peace! Nonetheless, great beer and food. I love  the Mac n Cheese with a pretzel! I will be back on my next trip to Madison but will be sure to sit upstairs!
1	This is the second time I have been there in the last three years and had a VERY BAD experience.  We went two years ago because it was a great meeting spot after the Great Taste of the Midwest.  The waitstaff and bouncers were incredibly rude, though, and the manager was not to be found/bothered.  It was so bad, we avoided it last year while in town for the festival.   This year we went back, hoping that things had changed.  While the company has apparently gotten bigger, they are no better.  After keeping us waiting for more than an hour, they had trouble accommodating a party of seven (with two children), even though there was more than enough room at the tables.  The hostess for the biergarten (who was not more than 22 and certainly was embarrassing to her UW education if she was attending there) was very condescending and unhelpful.  She offered to  get her manager, but he or she never bothered to come by.  Then, the waitress, who did not come to our table for 15 minutes after we had been sitting there, refused to get us a round of beers, proclaiming in the most condescending manner,  "I think you need a round of waters first."  Notwithstanding that this 22-year old was probably an expert in binge drinking, we were not out of control. Or, to the extent that we were, it was only because we were famished and irate from having to wait so long for food and service.  So, we left, leaving me unable to satisfy my anger at being so disrespected by leaving a few pennies for a tip.  Let me explain something to you, Great Dane:  your beer is not that great.  I put it at a three out of ten.  I cannot remember anybody ever being excited about your food.  And, as has now been demonstrated twice, your service is awful.  What you do have is an excellent location for the beer festival.  But that is all.  We ended up having a great rest of our night, free of incidents, at your competitor, the Old Fashioned.  Unless you like being disrespected. I highly recommend nobody be tricked by this bar's location and go back to this place.  I certainly will never go back.
5	Great food, and good beer!!! The service leaves something to be desired, but the menu is loaded with great options and the beer always hits the spot.  Try their American Pale Ale, it'll get on whatever's ailing you with a quickness!
4	I learned pretty quickly this was a hot-spot in Madison. With multiple locations (in a four-day visit, I went to two of them)- the menu, both beer and food, will keep you coming back to try more. The food definitely didn't disappoint- and ANYTHING you might be craving, or forgot you were craving, will be on this menu. The portions are huge- but you find yourself finishing every bite. If you are going to Madison for a visit or even just driving through- I recommend this spot to get a little taste of Madison's food, beer, and friendly service!
5	Wow!  Went to the Eastside locate (the only one without on site brewing). Four (count 'em) four locations; use your GPS to find the one closet to you. A great selection of beers and an extensive menu. Wasted my time last PM at the Ale Asylum, this place beats it hands down. One reviewer stated "loud, loud, loud" and it is; but, it's fun. Great ambiance. Great personable service. Making me wish I never moved away from Madison.
5	I've been a frequent patron of the Great Dane for over a decade, and there is good reason.  First, the beer is brewed on location and they have an amazing menu.  Add in the fun ambience and accommodating wait staff and you have a great restaurant.  If you're in Madison long enough, you'll hear people mention Crop Circle Wheat more than a few times.  It's the best beer the Dane brews.  All the other beers are good too.  You can do a beer sampler if you want to find some other favorites. There aren't many places that can say they have awesome meatloaf, ravioli, nachos and burgers.  Somehow, the Dane can straddle all of these different flavors and do them extremely well.  That's part of why I have come here so often; no matter what the people in your group want, they can get it here.You can have many different types of experiences at the Dane based on where you are seated.  The front bar area is super fun and chill if you want to shoot pool, darts, play the jukebox or just watch sports.  The dining area on the top floor is casual and great for groups.  In the basement, you take your own tour of the Dane brewing process, which is fun in itself.  Eating dinner in the basement is more intimate, as its a bit darker with the stone walls.  The best place to eat though is the back beer patio.  On a sunny day or a cool night, its a fun experience that makes the Dane feel like a fancy restaurant without having to pay for it.Staff is awesome.  Just tell them what you want, they'll help you out.  We used to rent out the Dane for large group events, and they were always helpful.  The Great Dane is an essential Madison experience.
4	This is a great go-to everytime I'm in Madison. Great brews and solid food.This time we got the case of wings with all 4 sauces which were delicious.African soup also goodCajun chicken sammy yumThey have a great outdoor seating area which is great during the Summer as well.
5	Awesome food, beer, and service!
4	Dear God. Whatever you do, do not order the Habenero buffalo wings. I've never seen four grown men get their asses kicked so bad. It was painful to watch. Our waitress was a sweetheart though and bought the "winner" of their lame, lame wing-eating contest a pint of beer. Seriously? He finished one full Habenero wing.
3	(3) A-OK...good for College Kids & Average Pool players;-)lol
4	Holy Beer Selection!I'm still in shock the bartender was willing to play the game 'what do you recommend' even more in shock that he made great selections 3 out of 3 times.Great array of tvs and lots of games. - just a great all around bar to grab a beer and watch a game.
5	This place is probably my favorite pub to go to in Madison.Let's start with the beer, because no one goes to pubs for their Shirley temples. The Great Dane has a wide selection of both local and imported beer. Now I'm by no means a beer connoisseur, but I actually enjoy their beer. Considering how I use beer as an avenue to get drunk, and not a source of enjoyment, I'd say their beer is pretty damn good. I'd highly recommend their Peck's Pilsner, as it actually tastes like something I had in Prague.Now on to their food... My god their food is absolutely delicious. It's like paradise in my mouth. Their cheese curds are fried perfectly, and is a must have if you're not from the area. Their Baja burger can feed a man for a week, with its giant, juicy and delightfully spicy beef. I've also had their mango mahi mahi, which is just as good. Finally, if you have a friend that's been annoying you recently, you should tell them to get the hellfire wings. Then just kick back and enjoy the show, as their mouth burns off. My point? Don't order the hellfire wings unless you really want to know what it feels like to set your inner organs on fire.
4	Great time!!  It was packed so full on Friday night (nearly 2 hour wait) that we came back a bit earlier on Saturday night and waited a very pleasant chat-with-others-waiting 45 minuts...and well worth it.  Very nice selection of beer.  Friendly staff at every turn.  And for a bar-pub the food was very good.  Nice salad...spetacular chicken-pot-pie...delicious mac-n-cheese...nice price.  Not sure how often we'll have the pleasure of popping into Madison, but the Great Dane is on the "do again" list!
5	Bottom line: Great pub food, delicious beer and friendly waitstaff.I have been here way too many times to count. My favorites include the appetizer of beer bread and honey butter, Mac & Cheese and Southwestern Tortellini. The New London Bridge fish fry is really great too. Make sure to add malt vinegar to your fries (it comes with the meal)! I had the Friday night fish fry once and I wasn't impressed. It was more expensive than the one on the menu and not as well prepared. Their brunch is good and includes things like prime rib, omelettes and even pasta.Beer selection is great. They have some great seasonal beers. The waitstaff is knowledgeable about the beer selection for the most part. I have had servers who got certain styles of beer mixed up, but you could tell they were new. I used to order their root beer, but not anymore. They mix it as you order it and sometimes it doesn't taste good.
5	The Great Dane Pub, great food, great beer, great atmosphere, great everything!  I really enjoy going to the Dane.  I went for lunch on a Friday afternoon (well, been there many times, finally got around to writing a review).  I had the Dane Burger, and wow, just as good as I had remembered it from previous times.  Juicy, fresh, tasty, and topped with the Dane's own Spinach Artichoke Dip.  I paired it with the Kohl Slaw, so tasty and fresh as well.  As an appetizer, my friends and I split the cheese curds, which are a must when you are in Madison! The beer, so good!  I had the seasonal Oktoberfest which was on tap, and this beer has a great caramel maltiness balanced nicely by the hops.  If you are in Madison and need some food and beer, go to the Great Dane, you won't be disappointed!
2	As it turns out there are a lot of great places in Madison for beer. This place used to be one of them but it has rested far too much on its laurels and has declined precipitously in its service. I find that the service in Madison is routinely excellent. Perhaps servers aren't as knowledgable as in some big cities but they are generally very friendly and care about the customer. Not at Great Dane anymore. Last time I was in here I was treated like garbage by one of the clueless bartenders. Shocked by how rudely I was treated I spoke with another worker (unable to find a manager). She was a little less rude but tremendously more condescending. Needles to say I won't be back. There are dozens of place that have great beer AND great service in Madison. Don't need to be talked down to by a bunch of sadly soon-to-be unemployed college students.
3	I've been to the Great Dane about ten times over the last couple of years. It's been for a variety of work lunches, friends' birthday dinners, and Saturday afternoon pool.I'm not a fan of the food -- I find it generally pretty bland, and I've never gotten the same thing twice. The burgers are okay, some of the salads are pretty good (the caprese is probably my favorite item on the menu), and I did enjoy the chicken peanut stew, if it did require a bit of hot sauce. I've tried at least half the beers (as pints) and don't really feel the need to have any more. There aren't any that I've had that I prefer to other similar styles of Wisconsin or even Madison-area beers.The service has varied, but is usually friendly. I think generally they try to set a relaxed pace and are knowledgeable about the menu (not easy -- it's huge!). The best thing there is the Saturday pool specials -- $4/hr is a fantastic deal and the tables are in good shape.
4	I love a good micro brew so going here was a no brainer.  Since we wanted to eat and it being a Friday night, the wait for a table was long.  It didn't help that we had to change our request from two people , then five and finally seven!  Not the restaurants fault, but it took about 90 minutes to get seated.  While we waited we were able to get drinks at the bar pretty quickly.  I stuck with the light Lager and the red Lager.  Both were very fresh and tasty to a beer snob like me.Once we got seated I was introduced to fried cheese curds (kurds?) that are standard issue in these parts.  Wow, how have I never had these before!  I don't know what if any cheese is in these things but they are delicious.  They taste very much like fried mozzarella cheese. We started with two orders for the table then quickly doubled it.  For my meal I tried the buffalo chicken fingers with asian sauce and a side of chips.  They were both great and after all the curds, filled me up.  Most of the other people got various fish, but I didn't pay much attention to anything not deep fried.This place was very busy on a Friday night but I didn't feel packed in.  I will absolutely go back to Great Dane if I ever find myself in Madison again.
3	I don't seem to share the opinion of a lot of Yelpers--and I think I know why--people who enjoy the Great Dane's beer simply aren't beer people. There, I said it.I have been to the Dane many, many times. The food, on the whole, is very good. The West African chicken peanut stew is delicious. The fish tacos are well-cooked and come with a painfully spicy sauce. Good mac and cheese. Great burgers.Of course, we can't really stop with the food, can we? This is a brewpub, and as such, I expect the beer to be up to par. It's not. In fact, it's downright bad. The Dane's beers are boring, lazy, and uninspired. The IPA's are poorly hopped and have little, if any balance--far too malty. The barleywine they had last year was one of the most vile beers I've ever had. Whoever controls the brewing process is afraid of change. As a result, you get a bunch of mediocre, dull beers that have little taste and aren't anything to write home about.Oh, as a side note--the Tri-Pepper pils, which they only make for about 2-3 weeks a year, is incredible. It's not for everyone, but it's the only time the Dane likes to put forth a little effort and imagination into their beer.Last thing that irked me: The bartender wouldn't let me mix beers. I've been around beer and have worked in the industry, and good brewpubs will always, always let you mix different styles. Usually it works. The Dane, though? They wouldn't. Will I keep going to the Dane? Of course...but I certainly won't be drinking there.
2	The Dane may have great beer and a good atmosphere, but the food is borderline inedible.  The menu is far too large, first of all.  They have burgers...and hummus.  They serve Italian "specialties"...and beer and cheese soup.  No restaurant can pull this off and pull it off well.  During the Badgers game yesterday, we ordered chicken nachos.  I think that the chicken must have run through the nachos, because I couldn't detect a single piece of chicken in the mix.  The nachos were not good.  We also ordered hummus.  Three of us ate roughly 10% of the platter, it was that bad.  The waitress made no effort to ask us how things were--and it was not a busy time.  Service is generally okay, but wasn't yesterday at all.  Drinks and beer are fine here, but if you want to eat, go elsewhere.
4	The Great Dane is a Madison standard and I would recommend it to anyone who is visiting Wisconsin. It is a staple micro brewery in a state that is becoming/is the state of micro-breweries. Even if the food is not incredible, there is still a large menu. I've run into some issues with the wait staff in terms of timeliness, but the Great Dane is a good place.
4	Its a brew pub. If that's what you're looking for, this is the place to go. The pub food is perfect, well, pub food. Burgers in multiple configurations, tons of other sandwiches, huge salads that make people feel healthy even though theyre just as bad. All delicious. The beer is good-- great for a brew pub, but don't expect to be jumping out of your underpants to bring home a growler. Its a brew pub, and it does that job perfectly well.
4	The Great Dane is a small chain brewery and restaurant. It is a few cuts above the rest of the standard bars with food. With pretzels that will make you melt and dips that will make you burn, I was sold immediately. Unlike many restaurants, tey clearly state what is vegetarian, I highly appreciated that. My Mac and cheese was so creamy and tasty. It was the best one I had during my many visits to The cheese capital of the US (yes, happy cows come from Cali, but still). My portobello burger was juicy too! I'm not sure but I think you can't go wrong here. I have been to other bars with with good food, but somehow they perfected the bar foods. Great service and consistently good food. However, they are more a restaurant than a bar. I was surprised when the beers were just ok, I don't get too much satisfaction out of them.
4	Food was good and the bar tender knows how to make sure patrons are happy.
4	Your typical brew pub with a respectable beer selection and a solid pub food menu (burgers, nachos, cheese curds, etc).  Service was receptive and always made sure our glasses were full.  What more can one ask for when in need of beer and a burger?
4	How do you get excited about a dinner salad?  Tomatoes that taste like tomatoes, cucumbers that are firm, carrot & radish slices, & a great blue cheese dressing. The Texas Speed Bump IPA pours like an Irish Cream Ale. Great place - I will be back!
4	I always get the fish tacos with sweet potato fries. Best in town. I really haven't had better fish tacos anywhere else despite my many failed attempts. They have a decent brunch buffet but you literally won't be able to eat for 3 days, it is an insane amount of food and you get full just looking at it all!
1	Do NOT EAT HERE!!!  Terrible service!!!  More importantly terrible management!
3	Yeah, that's right. The Dane only gets 3 stars. Some people swear by this place, but to me, "not bad" sums it up pretty well. The food is decent to good overall. The cheese curds are only okay (the curds at the Old Fashioned and Capital Tap Haus are MUCH better). The tastiest item on the menu is the smothered and covered fried chicken, which is a delightfully artery-clogging boneless fried chicken breast covered in a spicy gravy with shrimp and andouille sausage. I would also recommend the buffalo wings, those are pretty good too. However, the beer is not good. With the exception of their porter, most are utterly flavorless. The scotch ale is NOTHING like a Scottish-style 80/- Export that I was expecting. And I actually think I like Bud Light better than their "Landmark Light" lager.I will say this, though, I love the fact that they have bar shuffleboard at the Dane downtown. Such a fun game, and not something you see every day.
4	Really enjoyed this brew pub. I had a burger and it was great and the beer selections is fantatsic.  I would eat here again!
4	I have visited the Great Dane twice while in Madison on business.  I did not eat on my most recent trip, but that's OK.  I go there for the beer--and it's pretty good stuff!  I am especially a fan of their Porters.  Black Earth Porter is named well, as its taste does have an earthy quality and wonderful mouthfeel.  I know there are pool tables and food at the place, but it all seems superfluous when the beer is this solid!
4	Such a great place to gather friends for a night of drinks and nomz.My new fave beer is the Old Glory American Pale Ale. It's so good, it makes me feel like a pioneer discovering the wonders of Wisconsin all over again. APA, hoppy wonderfulness, and very light. Sooo easy to drink, y'all. Their menu is humongo, so you can get your staples like burgers and sammies, but there is also a twist in the mix like tandoori chicken, gravy smothered fried chicken, and meatloaf. But, the fish fry on Friday is a huge selling point. The Walleye and Cod were both phenomenal. The panko breadcrumbs on the Walleye was so light and delicately enveloping the fish, just to add that bit of texture, but you were still able to taste the wonder that is Walleye. Yumzies. Usually the extras on fish fry dishes are "meh" but there were some pretty great sides like pub fries with malt vinegar, awesome slaw, and beer bread that got all steamy when broken open. Ahhhh.
4	My online boyfriend, now husband, took me here when I visited him in Madison. The pub was cozy and nicer than I expected. I loved their cheese-curds! Why aren't they available nation wide??
4	This place was busier than hell on a Saturday night, but we still managed to get seated at a booth pretty quickly. They've got an awesome beer selection with great variety. The food was tasty, with a nice combo of your general bar-food fare and fancier items. I really wish I had tried the Thai peanut stew, but I ended up getting the Black and Tan burger with a Boca patty. We also had fried cheese curds as an appetizer, and they didn't disappoint.We also had our infant daughter with us, and instead of a high chair that would sit at the end of the table (there would be no room here for that), they had a special seat that clipped onto the table that we situated between us, and it worked wonderfully! I wish more restaurants would do this!
4	The Great Dane is a staple local brew pub and restaurant.  It's larger than I originally expected so even when they're busy you're usually able to get a spot quickly.  As expected for a brewery, they have a nice beer selection.  More surprisingly, the food selection is pretty good.  They do an above average job with standard bar food (burgers, sandwiches, cheese curds, etc), but also have some more up-scale items.  I've had their burgers as well as the portobello sandwich and both were very good.  On my most recent visit I got a little more adventurous with the peanut stew (a hearty vege stew in a peanut sauce) and it was excellent.  I may have to start moving beyond the standard bar food.
3	Well, I went back for the upteenth time--West African peanut stew is still delicious and top-notch. My friend got the fish tacos and the salsa is still burning hot.Yep, food is still great. Sadly, the beer is still pretty awful. Bland, unexciting, nothing really stands out. I guess the Texas Speedbump is alright, but these guys are just so boring. Stop making my trips a snoozefest when it comes to beer, alright?
4	My friend and I came here for lunch on a Saturday afternoon.  It was busy, but not crazy busy.  We got seated right away in the beer garden....which was beautiful.  They restaurant as a whole has a nice vibe, and the bathrooms are super clean....which is a big deal for me!  They have a lot of different food and beer to choose from.  I'll definitely have to come back, because there is a lot I want to try.  I'll start with the beer.  They have a nice variety of house brewed beer.  I had the crop circle wheat...wheat beers are my fave, and this was a good one!They have a very extensive menu with all sorts of food.  They have typical bar food, Mexican, pasta, Indian...needless to say, they have a lot to choose from.   I really like bar food, so I went with the burger.  They also had quite a few sides to choose from...I got the sweet potato tots.  They don't give you anything to dip them in though.  My friend got the quesadilla which came with a great chipotle bbq sauce.  Next time, I'm going for the brat and bacon burger.  Oh yes...you read that right.  That's a lot of meat!  Great place...can't wait to go back.
4	The West African Peanut Stew is absolutely delicious. I order it every time I dine here. The service is very good with attentive servers and bartenders.
4	Finally had a chance to have a meal  here both before & after the Great Taste of the Midwest beer fest as they were awesome enough to offer a free shuttle to & from the fest.   We had the Cuban & turkey club which were both really good.  The French fries were crispy & tasty.  The second meal was a burger & Mac n cheese.  Both were good but we liked our first 2 choices best. We didn't have a beer this time b/c of all the beer we drank at the fest. Next time in the area we will be sure to stop by for both food & drink.
3	While you can't argue with the delicious brews, the service and comfort has lacked at this Dane location for several years now.A few years ago, some friends and I made our first New Year's Eve stop at this downtown Dane. Not only was it ridiculously crowded, there was absolutely no additional seating available nor barely any standing room save right up next to the dj. Understandable, it was New Year's. But the service was worse. Two young, female bartenders were the only staffers available around 9pm. They were slow, to the extent of several beers taking almost fifteen minutes to be served. Shortly afterward, we noticed the only customers being served were handsome young men. Thankfully, we had a few of those with us, which is the only reason I'm certain we ever received our second round. We left shortly thereafter.I gave it another few go's the past several years, but again, each time served disappointment. The beer was fantastic. The food was great. The service and setting were less than adequate. One summer evening last year, I met a friend for a drink in the basement, which was so hot and humid we had to leave. Another time more recently, the young waitress took so long my friends and I left after one drink.The beer is the draw to the downtown Dane, but if you're able to hit another location, I recommend it. Hilldale or Fitchburg are bigger, better staffed, and haven't failed me yet.
3	At the recommendation of a friend I went here for dinner. The scotch ale was pretty good, but nothing too special. I tried the poutine (fries covered in cheese curds, and chicken gravy) as an appetizer, which were pretty tasty and a at a good price ($6). For dinner, I ordered the petite cut sirloin.  It was indeed small (about 6oz), but had a good flavor. They served it with caramelized onions and sauteed mushrooms, mashed potatoes and mixed veggies were the sides. They have a section in the menu about how they cook to temperature, but my medium steak was medium well. The steak had a good taste, but wasn't incredibly tender. They have a nice outside patio which is great for nice nights in the summer.Pros: nice outdoor patio, friendly staffCons: food isn't anything special
5	Great Dane is hard to describe.  It's a brew pub that also serves tandoori chicken!  We really enjoyed the food (fish fry and Thai chicken pasta), and the service was great.  I didn't try the beer, but I would come back just for the food and atmosphere!
3	Went last Sunday for the brunch again.  Was all pretty good.  Not great, but good.   Don't know if we'll be back again, I guess I have a problem with paying $50 for brunch for two.  It's pretty pricey.
2	We've been going to the Great Dane for years. We enjoy their food, but we encountered a hostess today that really made our experience unpleasant. We went specifically to dine in the outside garden. When we got there about half the tables were occupied. Some of the vacant tables were in the direct sun, some were either in the shade or had umbrellas. She wanted to seat us in the direct sun, and when we requested shade, she told us that because there were only two of us, those tables weren't availabe (despite at least one deuce being in the shade). She went back and studied her seating chart for awhile, like she was really being inconvenienced, and finally sat us at a table that was only partially in the sun. The food was good, our server was excellent, but when you begin the experience being told that you're not really valued because there are only two of you, it really detracts! (BTW, the vacant tables stayed vacant the entire time we were there.)
5	We were extremely impressed with this brewpub, our experience clearly putting this at or near the top of the class amongst all the ones to which we have been.  The steak chimichurri salad was huge and prepared excellently, the lettuce and other vegetables all fresh and good quality, the steak tender and beautifully cooked rare to medium rare, and the dressing flavourful yet delicate.  Kids' meals were great also, especially the nice, crisp and flavourful happy-face tater-tot-type fries.  Beer that we had was excellent and they have a wide selection with a good cask range, as well.  The place itself is nice inside with a traditional old-fashioned pub character plus patio seating in the back.  It also has a great location downtown about a block from the capitol.
4	When I'm looking for comfort food the Mac and cheese always makes me feel better.. And washes down well with their own light beer yum!! The staff was friendly and the place was clean. I will be back.
5	I pretty much want to move to Madison to eat all of the food on the menu and drink all the beer.My boyfriend and I came here - based on Yelp reviews - while we were in Madison for the night.  We're a big fan of local craft and microbreweries/ brew pubs and make it a point to visit them when we're out of town.  We got there around 8:30 on a Friday, and it was pretty crowded.  (Always a good sign in my mind!)  They told us it was going to be about a 40 minute wait so we each grabbed a beer.  I got the Crop Circle Wheat and he got the Double Dubbel.  The Crop Circle was one of the best wheat beers I've had in a while.  Less than 20 minutes later, they seated us.I love the decor and over all vibe of this place.  The exposed brick walls, newsprint menus, and the dark wood.  It's huge too.  I didn't realize how crazy big it was!There were so many tasty sounding options on the menu.  We started with the beer bread and honey butter.  The bread was good, but the butter was amazing.  I pretty much wanted to spoon it directly into my mouth... but eating straight butter is kind of gross no matter how delicious it is.  For dinner I got the Applewood Bacon Burger with the buffalo patty on a pretzel roll with the sweet plantains on the side.  I've been on a huge plantains kick lately so the fact that they had plantains pretty much make me jump for joy.  My boyfriend got the brat bacon burger which he loved but wasn't even able to finish because it was so huge.Also, I love the fact that they focus on using a lot of local and sustainable food - local cheese, local grass-fed beef and local buffalo.The staff was SO friendly.  I think it might just be that people in Wisconsin are the friendliest people on the planet, but everyone was just so happy and nice and well...perky.  The service was great too.
5	I try to go here ANY TIME I want wings.  They have the BEST wings in Madison by far.  Their wings are meaty and they come with a garganzola sauce that is out of this world.  They also have beer that is fantastic with a great amount of choices.  They also have a Ruben sandwich that is absolutely DELICIOUS!!!  Great place if you want great food and a great atmosphere!!
5	Always a good time awaits at the Dane.
1	Just don't eat at the one in the airport. Cold food.
4	Bad ass. Full bar & kitchen upstairs. Another full bar downstairs, and a beautiful beer garden. Good beer, good food, cool staff, good crowd, you really can't go wrong. $10 for a pack of smokes from the bar. Ha! You shouldn't be smoking anyway, you naughty person, you.$9 for cheese curds. Yumm-o.
5	What a great brewpub! I was in Madison for 10 days, and I somehow became the Duke, ha. My favorites included the Scotch Ale (surprisingly very drinkable), Double Dubbel (comes in a bomber, MY FAVORITE over all of them), and their Kolsch. Fantastic stuff. If you're fan of lighter, wheat beers, the Hefeweizen and Crop Circle Wheat are good choices - many of my friends enjoyed those. In general, the beers and alcoholic drinks are reasonably priced. I got a pretty tasty Long Island here as well. The food is yum, and there's loads of seating indoors and out. Until next time, Dane.
3	The menu has variety for many tastes in your group, and not just bar food (nice). The prices are pretty fair. Just know that if you go on a weekend evening, the wait could be long and the place is quite loud if you want to talk to your friends over a meal vs. shout at them. Tried the Pepper Beer and was quite surprised by the green pepper flavor that was a little sweet and the lingering spice on the finish. Normally don't like pepper beers too much, but want to because I love hot food so much. I'd buy it again! I ate the turkey burger and was very satisfied with it - good flavor. This place gets 3 stars overall because of the long wait we had and it was crazy loud. Food and beer would get a 4 star (but that's not an option here on Yelp).
4	Downtown Location has the absolute best secret Patio!  I could stay all day surrounded by the green ivy walls, 2 stories high that make you feel like you are in a hidden jungle.  Tip: Just tried the tri-pepper beer, which I would give a thumbs up.  Light and spicy aftertaste, but not for everyone.
5	Every time I have gone to Great Dane the food has been excellent. The first time I went I had the Portabella mushroom sandwich, and more recently I had the Paoli Vegetable sandwich with fried plantains. Both are excellent and besides the food they have a great beer selection since they are also a brewery.
4	I stopped by here a couple of Saturday's ago with my fiance for a late lunch.  The place looked pretty busy but that wasn't a problem since we were immediately seated in a booth.   There's not really much to say about the inside of the place as there is a bar area in one half of the restaurant and then a dining area in the other half up a stair or two.  The walls are brick and the tables are a darker wooden color.  I think I also noticed a sign that talked about a beer garden although I personally did not visit it.Since I was celebrating the completion of another marathon that morning, I decided to go with a flight of beers.  My flight came out situated in a serving dish that was in the shape of a dog bone.  I thought that was cool, especially since it fit in so well with their name.  All of the beers were pretty good and stayed true to the types that they were advertised as.  After a bit of a wait to order our appetizer, my fiance and I  went with the beer-battered cheese curds.  There was another wait (this happened quite a few times where our server disappeared for long periods of time) before we got our cheese curds.  They were delicious as the curds were gooey inside the battering.  My only complaint was that I couldn't really tell that the batter had any beer in it, yet they were still good.  For my entree I decided to go with the Wisconsin style cheddar mac and topped it off with the buffalo chicken.  It also came topped with sourdough crumbs and was served with a thick pretzel stick.  The macaroni and cheese was thick and gooey and tasted nicely while the buffalo chicken that I added was good as well.  I think that my favorite part of the meal was that after I had finished the pasta I used the pretzel stick to scoop up the rest of the cheese sauce from my dish.  Whoever thought of adding that to the meal was a genius!The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here again in the future.  I really enjoyed both the beer that I ordered and the food, now if only our server could have been a bit more attentive to us.
5	Black Earth Porter & Stone of Scone Scotch Ale are very good.  Friendly service and nice atmosphere.  Good quality pub style food.  Always a favorite when we're in the Madison area.
2	Super average experience... Maybe I am too picky.(-) As huge fans of microbrews, every time we visit a new city we make a point to visit a brew pub and bring home a growler. After an entirely underwhelming experience at Great Dane, we actually sought out another brewery to bring loot home from. Try Ale Asylum instead. (-) Food was meh. Tuna tataki was over-cooked (If it's sushi grade, it should be barely seared!), wings were good (the homemade Gorgonzola sauce was the best part of the meal), and tandoori chicken was a confusing Indian/Mediterranean fusion.(+/-) Service was good although our server seemed a bit green, fumbling to remember the special brews. (+/-) The scotch ale was pretty decent but the rest of the beer flight was completely unmemorable. (+) The best part of Great Dane is their courtyard, outdoor seating.
3	For me, my visit to The Great Dane was sort of like going to a movie and enjoying the popcorn more than the film. I enjoyed the ever loving christ out of my bratburger. I could taste slight char on the brat patty and the burger patty and it was fan-freakin'-tastic. Of course, the only thing better than a great burger is washing down that great burger with a beer right?And that's where I caught the Dane woofin'. I first ordered a bitter on cask, which is not only one of my favorite beer styles but my favorite way to serve just about any style. Though I was happy that the beer was served at the proper temperature, it tasted sour ... as if it was either infected, or brewed with a sour mash. Whatever the case, it completely ruined the beer for me.I tried a sip of my girlfriend's Mild ale and was saddened to see that it too was not free of blemish. The finish had quite a bit of diacetyl, and I'm definitely not a fan of buttery beers. Fortunately the service was great. But as I implied before, I don't go to the movies for just the popcorn. In this case, I call the Great Dane's beer a flop.
3	Was in town for a quick business meeting.  Stopped by for lunch  I had the Cuban sandwich and thought it was one of the better ones I've had.  Would certainly come back here if I'm in town again.
4	One of the best brew pubs in Wisconsin. Great food. Very Good Beer. Sit out back in the garden in the summer.
3	stopped in for a few drinks and apps.  Service and food was just fine.  Nice enough, but not incredible.  We sat on the back patio ("beer garden"), which was really cute!  On a perfect weather day, it was a fantastic little escape!  I didnt' have any beer (gasp!), but my husband did and he said it was fine, but nothing to write home about - a few tasted "beginner" in terms of composition/hoppiness (this is Greek to me, so I'm assuming this makes sense).  LOL.
5	I love the variety of beers and food. Great, friendly and helpful bartenders. Reasonable prices and fun ambiance make this a fav when I'm in Madison.
4	The Dane Burger consists of one-third pound of choice beef broiled to perfection, and then topped with lettuce, tomato, pickles, Bermuda onions and artichoke dip. The fact that this is a messy burger does not take too much thought. The Dane Burger does a good job of combining flavors with the standout topping being the artichoke dip. I found that the lettuce, tomato, and onion dressed the burger's appearance up, but did not do much for flavor or texture. Upon removing them the burger seemed more focused on the combination of the dip, beef, and bun. The beef could have been a little juicier, and I can't help but think what a really unique and tender bun that pairs perfectly with the artichoke dip could have done to make this burger a dream. Despite my thoughts on what this burger could have been, it is still a great burger and made me rethink the typical hamburger. For taking a risk and delivering, the Dane Burger is worth a try. Add-in the Great Dane's excellent beer, fun atmosphere, and tasty sides/snack and you have the makings of one the best bars in Madison.
2	The food is always dependable, but the beer is just ok.
4	I know there's probably better options in Madison, but more often than not this Milwaukeean finds herself back at a Great Dane. There's something to be said for comfort and consistency. This location is central, easy to meet folks at and has so many options for seating - bar, patio, basement, restaurant ...The food is always solid and the menu is so varied that I can pretty much always find something to suit my mood, which is nice. From sandwich and soup and creamy mac and cheese to the sinfully amazing brat/burger/bacon amazingness, I really have never been unhappy with a meal here. There's a city parking garage on the block, which is convenient. The bar can be loud, but I love how cozy the basement is. They do shuttles to various Badger events. The Great Dane is just solid. I know I'm going to get good beer and guood food. And the food is the yummy comfort food that fills you up and prepares you to step out into a Wisconsin winter, you know?Great for pre- or post-game, great to meet friends and linger over extra drinks.
3	A very nice brew pub indeed. I was able to try two of their beers on my visit. The scotch ale was delicious. The IPA on the other hand was an empty shell with no depth in flavor or complexity. I asked for a description like a real beer snob before I ordered and the bar tender was unable to speak to it, wish I would have taken that as a sign. The worst part about our experience was while we were waiting for a table for dinner. The hostess tried several different buzzing notification thingys before she found one that "worked" and said it would be about 30 minutes. 45 later I go up to check on the table to which she says my thing must have been broken, I'll seat you right away. I glanced down at the list to see a good 5 or so tables seated before us. Wish they would have tried at least walking around the waiting area once to see if we were still waiting. Didn't even get an apology.Now that I'm finished with my rant, I must say the food was great. We had the Imperial Fish Fry on recommendation from a friend, and it was awesome. It was cheaper than their Friday fry specials and they serve it daily.
3	This is definitely a place that puts its makeup on and is totally presentable to mom, but underneath she's kind of just OK. The menu is fairly large and will have something for every kind of picky eater except the one that wants really good food or drinks. It's all kind of expensive, too.The best part about the Dane is the location and the games. It's really a good place to hang out - something that downtown just doesn't have. Playing pool or darts or shuffleboard is really nice when you've finished every last episode of The League.
4	Great Dane sits along the corner of a few streets and the space spans a traditional dining room, bar, and pool/darts section with tables. We came here later on a Thursday evening and the place was hopping. Despite giving our number and getting a confirmation text with a wait time of 15 minutes, after 30 we'd heard nothing. I checked in with the hostess and said they had no wait list and must have missed up. I generally like this system of text/calling, but it has to work. Fortunately, this was the only misstep we encountered. The menu is eclectic. Burgers, local favorites, pub food, Indian, and African fare to mention a few categories. I had the African Peanut Stew and a pretzel. Both were great. The pretzel was awesome! It reminded me of being in Bavaria!Others in my party enjoyed the cheese steak with jalapeno sauce and the burger with sausage. Clean plates and compliments all around. While the place was big and busy, our service was quick, efficient, and impressive. I'd come back if I was ever in town again. I don't think you can get tired of their menu options!
5	Don't miss this gem of a "beer garden" in Madison. The best seat in the house takes a  little effort to find. Skip the bar and pool hall, go downstairs and through the rathskellar...you'll pop out into a Wonderland.  The menu rocks, service is way friendly with a smile (we loved Elise and Joel)...the beer bread and honey butter is delish.
2	Average food.  Cheese curds were like an archaeological dig through the breading to find the cheese.  I guess bread is cheap and cheese is expensive, but cheese curds are supposed to be all about the cheese!  Prices are a little on the high side.  House brewed beer was nothing special.  I do not understand why people love this place so much.
5	Wow!My sisters and I are from vegas visiting our older sister who lives in Wisconsin. Came here twice and loved it each time! Omg great beer great food! What more can you ask for? Can't wait to go to next years beer Fest and visit this place again.
4	When I think of Madison I think of this place. The beer is great, the food is diverse and extremely we'll made and the building is beautiful. I've heard raves about the African peanut soup(or whatever) but I opted for the brats and cheese curds.
4	I had dinner here with a small group of business travelers.  We each tried a different one of the local Great Dane beers, and they were all pretty good (I had the Landmark Lite, which was a pretty good ale).  We had the cheese curds appetizer (when in Wisconsin, right?) and they were very good - not too heavy or greasy.  I and another one of our party had the steak special, which was very flavorful with Cajun seasoning.  The meal also came with a corn and bacon succotash - wow, yum!  When it came time for dessert, I wanted just a little something sweet, so the waitress offered to get me just a single scoop of one of their ice creams.  I had the Scotch Ale Caramel Crunch ice cream and it was REALLY good - plus she only charged me the "ala mode" price for the scoop!
1	Terrible service. The staff was incredibly rude and disrespectful. It was made very clear that customer satisfaction was the least of their concerns. I would highly recommend finding somewhere else downtown as there are many wonderful restaurants that far outshine this one.
3	I've been to Madison 3 times for work and each time I've gone, I've been recommended to try Great Dane. Unfortunately, my visit didn't live up to the hype. However, I would give them a second try if I am in the area. I ordered their Brat & Bacon Pretzel Burger. Sounds amazing, right? However, I thought the brat was decent and the pretzel bun was too dry for me. The fried cheese curds on the side tasted stale. If you're looking for great fried cheese curds, stop by the Old Fashioned (I Yelped them in my other review). The only satisfying part of my meal was their beer. Their service is great...very attentive. My server stopped by many times to check up on me and kept my glass of water full at all times. As I mention, I would give them a second chance just because many other people have recommended this place.
3	The big ups:POUTINE. Not great poutine....but still poutine.Big space.They take your cell number if there is a wait and text you when you are up. Good idea.The not so ups:Bones in my perch.Dim lighting provides and "atmosphere," but everyone at the table, no matter their age, needed to use the flashlight capability on their phones to read the menu.I ain't mad at it, but the company I was with was what made my visit here enjoyable.
4	Wisconsin is known for beer - years ago my dad worked for Heilman Brewery in LaCrosse.  The tradition continues at the four Great Dane Brewery locations.I had to try the cheese curds. I was so stuffed I could only order another starter.I went for the Juicy Brewskies - bratwurst and cheedar sliders with carmelized onions, dill pickle slice and horseradish mustard on a pretzel bun.  It was so big, it didn't ever fit in MY big mouth!  When I tried to squeeze it down, the cheese oozed out of the bratwurst patty!The other food item I ordered was BEEF JERKY.  They have a jar of homemade beef jerky sitting behind the bar.  For $3 per piece, it was very fresh and tasty, albeit a tad bit salty.  Overall was perfect to go with the IPA I enjoyed.The place was crowded for a snowy January Tuesday night in Madison... lots of different age groups and types of patrons.  In the other room were pool tables, and I didn't look around much beyond where we sat in the bar area and watched (then) #3 UW lose their first game of the 2014 season to unranked Indiana (boo!)  Despite the loss, the mood of the bar was lifted by the good beer and food.
4	Their Applewood Bacon Burger is one of the best burgers I've had. The seven ounces of local grass-fed beef is where it's at. Just the right thickness and perfectly griddled.The thick-cut smokehouse applewood bacon is not just there to tag along; its meatiness stands out and holds its own in spite of the wow quality of the beef.The slightly melted sharp cheddar rounds it all out and reaffirms that you in fact are enjoying this burger in America's Dairyland. The French fries are just the way I like em. Minimally seasoned and balanced as far as actual substance and overall crunch.I appreciate how I can count on Great Dane for no frills, classic American deliciousness.
4	Very good Beer!  The food is not to bad either however lets be honest you are going there for the beer.
4	I had a great burger here. I met up with some friends and their family and had a nice dinner. Sadly I didn't get a beer.
4	I was in Madison last weekend for a Wednesday.  On Friday night there was a welcome reception, and afterwards a large group of out of town people wanted to go out.  Our of the locals in the group was an awesome guide and managed to get 20 so strangers to 2 cool bars.  We walked from the Hilton to the bar next door for a coffee shot, then came here to chill.Upstairs has a bunch of games and feels like a fun sports bar.Downstairs is more quiet and chill and has a bunch of seating.They have a lot of beer on tap.  Other people loved he beer, and enjoyed trying a lot of different good house made brews.  I don't drink beer, so I got a cider which wasn't house made.I got a plate of fries, which was a good size and very tasty and not expensive.I liked that you can see the tanks where they are brewing.  (I don't like to drink beer, but I love to see it being made).I like that different rooms here have completely different vibes.
3	I travel to Madison frequently for work.  I have eaten at several Great Dane locations, so I don't know that this is necessarily a fair representation of the location I'm reviewing.  I quite like the Great Dane at the airport.  I always make a point of arriving at the airport early for my flight, regardless, so it's good to go there and have a few (or maybe 10) drinks and a little bite while catching up on emails and such. I highly recommend the tomato basil soup as a lunch, or maybe an afternoon snack.I visited another location with a friend--not sure which location, since I don't know the city well--and I had what must have been a daily special, because I don't see it on the menu at the web site. It was a roast beef sandwich that was really quite salty. Something has to be extremely salty for me to object, but object I had to. The side dish of white cheddar grits was really just instant grits with a few cheddar shavings on top. Not good enough. The waiter very kindly replaced my meal with a very good soup from the menu--the potato and bacon soup, which I highly recommend. On another occasion I visited the location on Doty St., and had Mad City Mama's BBQ Meatloaf.  Although I'm not crazy about barbecue sauce per se, it was not overpowering, and the meat loaf was pretty good.  The garlic mashed potatoes could have used more garlic. I was satisfied with that meal.My overall recommendation?  Pretty good, especially if you like beer. I'm not a beer afficionado, so much of what the restaurant offers is lost on me. Still, I'd go back for more food.
4	Kitchen's open till 1am (?) on a Friday night. I came here to satisfy my late night food craving after a night at Merchant. Got the fried cheese curds which were of course delicious and unhealthy. I also ordered the pork belly bun which I was pretty surprised to see featured on the menu. They were no momofuku, but good enough for a joint in Wisconsin at 1 am! My food took a while to come, but I am a patient man, even when hungry -- I think they just had a barrage of food orders right before the kitchen closed.
2	I've been to the Dane before, and it's been decent.  However, I'm waiting for a revolutionary experience.  It just hasn't happened yet.  I went there for the Superbowl with a few friends and sat near the bar.  The staff was not helpful.  I had to go up to the bar for everything and even then it was very slow service.  Unfortunately, my BBQ pork sandwich didn't make up for the poor service.
5	The numerous times I've been to the Great Dane have been fantastic! Their micro-brewed beers are excellent, with a range from deep dark stouts, porters, and deliciously boozy Scotch ales,  to hoppy, citrusy IPA's and lighter yet equally great pilsners and lagers. You truly can taste the care and craft in their brews! I also appreciate that though they have several locations, each one is unique unto itself, and not carbon-copies of each other. The food is also delicious, offering both tasty pub fare as well as more ethnicly styled dishes. I would recommend the fish tacos, and anything German-inspired they have to offer! The atmosphere is comfortable classic pub, without being a college bar or too stuffy. Great for fun dates, great food, and excellent beers!
5	Great place to get dinner, drinks or watch a game any day of the week. The menu is HUGE and you are bound to find something you like. They have a nice gluten free menu that includes some salads, a thai pasta, nachos and a few other options. The downtown location is really big an has 3 bars and lots of TVs. Even on a crowded weekend night you still feel like you have room to breathe unlike some of the other Madison bars.
4	I went straight to the downtown Great Dane when my flight arrived, since I had been up since 4am and they don't feed you on the airplane anymore.  The airport location of Great Dane might as well have a different name, because the food at the downtown location is WAY better.  I was feeling like some comfort food, and the chicken pot pie hit the spot.  It's an interesting preparation, and one that I am becoming more fond of.  Instead of pie crust all the way around, it's just the top that has puff pastry, and the sides & bottom are a ramekin.  Wisely, I took a small bite of the applesauce because it's served hot, not cold.  Maybe everyone in Wisconsin knows this, but you can't really tell just by looking at it.  Would definitely come back.
1	When my boyfriend and I moved to Madison (just 2 blocks away from the Great Dane) this past August, a family member gave us a gift card here and talked it up as the best restaurant downtown. This place is so overrated. It's basically an overpriced Perkins.Our first time there I got a burrito and my boyfriend got their chicken pot pie. He loved it, but despite my asking for the burrito to be extra spicy it tasted like bland sock full of rice.Despite this first experience, we returned a couple times for utterly forgettable meals, that is until we went last night for what will certainly be out last time.The last few times I went, I figured I might have been ordering their worst menu items, but as a WI native I figured they couldn't screw up a Friday fish fry. Boy was I wrong. My cod tasted like cafeteria food that I would get from my grandpa's assisted living facility. The fish was bland and overcooked, and came with undercooked green beans with not even a pinch if salt on them. I could have gotten the same thing from a frozen entree at the grocery store. And then there was the Philly Cheesesteak that my boyfriend got; presliced roast beef with Velveeta sauce... Philadelphians would be disgusted. Not to mention that I had 2 whiskey sours that both tasted like vodka lemonades.To top it all off we were given the wrong bill at the end of the night.Don't waste your money or your time at this place. The Old Fashioned has a much better fish fry and the bartenders know how to mix a drink. Any other night of the week Get the bangers and mash at Brocach. Just go anywhere but the Great Dane.
5	This is definitely one of my favorite bars in Madison. My girlfriend took me to a couple of bars and restaurants around the Capital building, and I enjoyed my time in the Great Dane the most out of any of them.The atmosphere is very laid back during the weekdays, which is a nice change of pace from the nights filled with drunken stupor whilst stumbling around State Street with all of my fellow inebriated, tuition paying colleagues. They brew their own beers here, and I think that they are all fantastic. My personal favorites are the Devil Lakes Red Lager, Crop Circle Wheat (seems to be their best seller), and the Pecks Pilsner. I've never had the chance to eat at this place before, but they seem to get their cliental to frequently order food (most everyone in here was eating), and the other people looked like they frequented the Great Dane quite a bit (a lot of businessmen stop by here during their lunch hour for a beer and a sandwich it appears). My favorite thing about this place is how nice their "bar games" setup is. I'm the stereotypical jock that obnoxiously ALWAYS has to be winning and thinks everything is a competition. Because of this, I'm an atrocious bar games snob. If bar games were the equivalent to being addicted to crack cocaine, this place would be my drug dealer on speed dial (just go with it?).For starters, the thing that keeps me and my arm candy coming back for more is the shuffleboard. Not too many places have a shuffleboard, let alone a nice one like they have. Second, they have two nice electronic dartboards. The dartboards are located where dartboards should be; in the corner where no one walks by. I've been to too many bars where I fear that I might accidentally throw a dart into someone's jugular because people are constantly walking in front of me during a throw, but not here. Every time that I've been to this watering hole, I have always seen the dart boards in use. Lastly, but certainly not least, their beloved pool tables. I'm almost certain The Great Dane Pub on E Doty has been voted "The best place to shoot pool in Madison" two years running - and for good reason. They have four, count em' FOUR, sweet pool tables. They are very classy tables, and to take it a step further, some of the nicest pool table setups I've seen in a public establishment. The felt stretching over them is clean and crisp, the balls always seem to be in top notch shape, and their pool cue are sweetness. It's no wonder that they are perpetually busy.Free pool and shuffleboard after 9PM on Sunday's!! But if I'm in town, I better not see your face around these parts because I'll have to hustle you in shuffleboard.Overall, this place is the cat's pajamas in my opinion. If you are looking for somewhere to have a beer or two while you take your buddies lunch money in a game of pool, shuffleboard, or darts; I would come here without a doubt.
5	I have been a longtime fan of Great Dane, the hamburgers and fish tacos are some of my favorites. Always find it to be a great place for lunch, dinner or to just hang out and have some appetizers.
4	Open late, a lot of options for everyone, elevated bar food, great BEER, win-win situation. Please introduce desserts, a wider range then I won't have to go elsewhere to satisfy my sweet tooth.
5	I'm a big fan of the Dane, even though I often don't drink while there. Their food is always made with fresh, quality ingredients. It's a great place for vegetarians and people who are healthy eaters in general, while still appealing to those who prefer typical pub fare.Tonight I ordered the salad with sashimi grade tuna. The tuna was truly excellent, which may be a surprise coming from a brewery. I am on a clean eating bender for a couple weeks so I requested a few modifications to the salad, to which they gladly obliged. This included replacing the soy-peanut dressing with their basil vinaigrette. What a great decision that was!My husband had the Cuban sandwich, which is something he often orders. It was huge and he said it tasted great.The staff are friendly and our waitress was prompt and took good care of us (and wasn't annoyed when I asked for modifications to my meal).We visit Fitchburg and Cottage Grove Dane locations quite often with our cycling group, and we have found all locations to have consistent food quality and service.
4	The Mac n Cheese with sourdough breadcrumbs is out of this world. So creamy and warm and giant portions. Their in-house porter was also yummy. Big space and it was easy to grab a spot for four, even on a Saturday night. Would definitely return.
3	The burger is OK. Some beers are better than others. Really more like 3.5 stars. Could be 4 stars with some improvements to the menu.
4	I can't say enough great things about this place.  There were a lot of choices in Madison, but we chose to go here our first night and subsequently the following day for lunch because the meal we had in the first place was THAT good.The first night, I decided to branch out and I got meatloaf.  My dining partner ordered the steak and we both loved our meals.  Thank goodness there was a fridge in our room, because we went home with a lot of leftovers.Their drinks were really good, too, and my friend went home with two bombers from there that he enjoyed thoroughly.  I would definitely be back!!
3	What to say? I have been to the Great Dane possibly a hundred times in the nearly 10 years that I've lived in Madison, so I feel like I should review it. Sidenote: I played Ulitmate Frisbee with MUFA for several summers, and we went there after our twice-weekly games for beer and dinner because they are the primary sponsor.  I've been to every location in Madison, except the one in the Dane County Airport, and I even visited the Great Dane in Wausau after a funeral. No matter the location, The Great Dane has always been a solid three start experience for me. It's not knock-your-socks-off amazing, but certainly not bad, and the food is pretty consistent. In fact, my biggest gripe with the Great Dane has more to do with their customer service and some of their policies than the food or beer itself. First of all, their reservation policy sucks. They won't accept reservations unless you have a group of 8 people or more. Then, they won't seat you unless your entire group is present. They also don't make dining with a large group easy, as my next story will illustrate:One time, my coworkers threw an informal going-away party for me at the Hilldale Great Dane. About 15 people from work showed up, and we all ordered food and drinks. It was a weeknight, and the restaurant was not excessively busy.  At the end of the night, we had racked up quite a bill. The waitress  refused to split our check for us. We only asked for it to be split 6 ways (by couple/family), so we weren't being unreasonable in our request. She refused.Well, not surprisingly,  none of us working stiffs was willing to pick up the entire $300+  tab for the group, so instead, we had to fumble around with the receipt and try to mark our names next to each item so it could be charged to the appropriate card. Some people, who only had cash, had to awkwardly ask for change. It was a huge hassle. I think she wouldn't split the bill so she could charge automatic gratuity...however, we would have actually tipped more than 18% had she been a good sport about it.  Because of this incident, I have never gone back to the Great Dane with a large group. I would not recommend the Great Dane for any large group events, despite the fact that they have a lot of space. However, if you're just looking for a nice family meal, then the Great Dane is probably a good bet. Almost all of the menu items are tasty, but I especially like their chicken wings appetizer (in Habanero Hellfire) and their New Mexican nachos. Their burgers leave a little to be desired compared to other places in Madison, but the fries are delicious, when they are served hot. Their beer is not great, but it's not terrible either. I don't have children, but the restaurants seem kid and family friendly (with the exception, perhaps, of their downtown locale).The Great Dane's recent expansions throughout the region have left it feeling a little bit "Chotchski-esque" in my opinion, but it's still probably better than hitting up Applebees.In general, I  would recommend that the Great Dane become a bit more accommodating of its guests, and treat people as if they value their patronage, instead of acting like they resent having customers. I doubt the popularity of the Great Dane will last forever, and a restaurant can only get by on overpriced (albeit, still tasty) mediocre food and beer for so long...
4	The atmosphere is fun and authentic. The good was very good and exactly what I thought a pub should offer. The beer selection was superb if you are a real beer drinker. If your favor beer is PBR or Miller lite you won't notice a difference. Anyways the energy is incredible and for as packed as it was on a Friday night it still only took 15 minutes to be seated. Staff is very friendly and the service is quick.
3	I have been to the Great Dane many times for drinks and many times for lunch but never for brunch. I would have to say the food was pretty average.Started out with a Bloody Mary and asked for it spicy. It was very good.For food, I got the North Star breakfast with bacon and scrambled eggs. The homemade biscuit was awesome. The bacon and homefries (although small portion) were also both good.My girlfriend got the eggs Benedict which I tried and the hollandaise sauce was bland. Now we didn't get the most extravagant brunch options on the menu, and they were good, But I expected better because I love a lot of their other lunch/dinner options.
3	Went here for Easter Dinner with our family, we picked up our daughter and bf in Madison after 3 hour drive from Chicago. Had the $15 lamb dinner, my wife and I ordered this after having the last two years and loving the lamb....But all stopped here !..This year some braniac decided to serve cut up sliced lamb medallions instead of the usual nice slab of lamb filet that we used to compare to being served a great piece of prime rib!....Needless to say we were both still hungry after eating,( my wife is 120 lbs/5'7" & me 165 lbb- 5'9") the teasponful of caulifower and two potato medallians didn't cut the mustard....The filler roll doesn't count either....Note to mgnt: Please return to the standard way you used to serve lamb, If you have to, charge me an extra $3 more and serve us an Easter lamb meal....especially if you are going to charge $15 per plate for a tasting.....We will be back!!!!!...Please no more lamb medallions!.....Say CHEAP! CHEAP!!!.....Not cool....Sorry because we really love this place...still left 20% tip...server was terrific!!!......fodd was still tasty but please go back to way Easter lamb was meant to be!!!......Also my son loved his bacon burger and I thought mashed potatoes were amazing,.....that is the side I would I gave you with the lamb...WOW....flavor!!!....and the others had a good meal with their heouvos eggs and some brais sandwich
4	Great Dane (downtown) has always been a regular stop for me. Service is always great and personable. Beer is good, but I feel as if the standards have gone down a bit since I've started. Maybe just a bad batch, but it will definitely not stop me from stopping by and shoot some pool or darts. I haven't played around with much food here, but from what I've had, brunch was excellent, while I feel some of the dinner food was overpriced for the quality.RATINGS (A+  --  F)Service: A-Food: (Brunch: B+) (Dinner: C)Drinks: B+Price Point: BAtmosphere: B+Overall Experience: B
5	I've been to the downtown Great Dane, but more to the Hilldale site.  Good stuff.  Really.
3	Great beer.  Average food.  I don't go there if I don't want a beer.
2	Great Dane is more or less an institution in town, and I've been there many times but this review has to do with their brunch. Oy veyyyyyy!So the location is, of course, ideal and it's a perfect meeting spot for some day drinking... i mean... bloody mary's and mimosas.... cuz I'm an adult and I wouldn't drink before noon unless it was called something classier. Anyways, so I had the biscuits and gravy and they were SO DRY! It was kind of like doing that crazy eating competition where you eat a spoonful of cinnamon and your entire mouth, throat and nose are instantly moisture-less? I mean, I've never done that before, but I can imagine that my experience with their B&G is similar enough. It caused me to guzzle my mimosa and water. The dining room was chock full of families and little kiddos. Now, I'm not opposed to taking your cutie-patooties out, BUT, my experience there wasn't pleasant due to the numerous screaming babies and kids with balloons frolicking about. Our server seemed about as over it as we were. We really couldn't get out fast enough.There are better brunch locales in town.
1	Horrific,Previously I had written reviews stating how solid you were. I WAS a regular. I know all of your managers by name, and have the phone number and email of your GM. I will be emailing this to her as well. I have no idea what has happened, but you have screwed up FIVE orders in a row--no matter what night I ordered food from you for pick up. You failed to send me a gift certificate (yet another one for your consistent errors) , and double charged my BF's card (which was quite a large order that night) and you told us you would NOT cover any NSFs that occurred. Your staff was RUDE to me when I used that last gift certificate for your gross errors. The last night that you screwed up and forgot MULTIPLE items (yet again, we had to return to your location and you only gave us ONE of the items you forgot, WTF!!!) you did NOT refund any money, and in fact, your female staff member huffed on the phone when I initially called just to say "HI., I'd like to place an order for pick up please?" And she went "ughhh!" and then transferred me to the up bar.Sick of paying for food I never receive. You don't deserve anyone's business. We were regulars for years. W.T.F.
5	This was the first place I ate at in Madison and it was so great I went back the follow day. They have an eclectic menu to say the least and the first meal I had there was the Black & Tan burger with melted cheese sauce which melted in my mouth. A big plus about this place is they have sweet potato tater tots which are amazing and more healthy than regular tater tots/fries. The following day I had the New Mexico soup which had green chili in it which I thought was so random but it was very good. I had the Cajun chicken sandwich the following day which was amazing as well. The service was fast and very friendly. I asked one of the waiters directions that did not have the answer to but I literally watched him ask 2 other people to get the information he did and go out of his way. Great Dane's prices I felt the strength of their food was extremely reasonable and not overpriced at all. I would very much go back here if I visited Madison again, actually it would be the first step I make.
4	Fun place to hang out with friends for some beer. Also, must have the cheese curds.
4	Have always been a fan. My go-to whenever I go to eat dinner with a family member or friend, and now my go-to whenever I come back to visit. I like the one by Hilldale Mall a lot better than the one on the Capitol Square because there's a lot more space. Comfort food is what you'll find here...and comfort in general - you'll get more comfortable with the more beers you try. :)My favorite dishes are the meat loaf and the smothered and covered chicken. (both fairly salty by the way - but the good salty...the kind of salty that makes sense). And if I'm feeling ambitious, the beer sampler. Sometimes it's a hit or miss with the meat loaf - most of the times I've ordered it it's been perfect and juicy. A few times it was a little dry, but just let them know and they fix it for you - how they fix it I do not know....
5	Great food and even better beer ordered the Mango Mahi Mahi delicious will be back for more
4	Run of the mill pub.Consistent and simple. Great Dane's got a decent selection of drinks and food. Doesn't disappoint. You'll know because the place is almost always packed.Their bagel/bacon/sausage burger is amazingly tasty and one of a kind. I've also tried their Asian pork belly bun, which was surprisingly good given how Asian food goes in Madison.
3	This is a fine brew pub. I wouldn't really actively seek it out for its food or beer but I think both are decent. If you play ultimate frisbee in Madison you find yourself in these establishments a bit too often.
2	Well, it's been 5 years since my first review for this location, and trust me when I say that I've been back several times since then. I usually visit with friends or co-workers, and typically after work or a work-related event.Biggest issue? Service. Or lack there of.Most recent visit was on 5/15/14 at around 2:30pm. Small group of us (six) walked in, found the pool table area, and grabbed a high-top table. There were maybe 4 people sitting at the bar, and one bar tender, who was standing in the corner.We sat for a bit, browsed the beer menu, and waited for some assistance. And waited. And waited. And waited.I got up, walked over to the bar, and asked if we could get some help. The bartender said, "Yep, what do you need?" I explained we were at the table and that we'd like to order drinks. "Ok, that's cool."And then nothing. I guess there's no table service?Anywho... we ordered a round of drinks, talked a bit, and left. The beers are ok - nothing outstanding. The food is typically decent, but most times, the service is lackluster at best. Sigh.
4	The Great Dane on the square is my go-to place to take people when we are up near the Capitol - here are the reasons why:1) When we have visitors, there are almost always kids. LOTS of kids.  Today we had four adults and six kids.  The downtown Dane has a nice basement area with large tables that is perfect for big parties with children because, not only is there room, it's usually less busy so our rowdy kids won't bother nearly as many people.2) They have a humongous selection of food. If you can't find something you like at The Great Dane, you should probably just stay home. They have everything, including good options for kids and vegetarian meals that are marked with a little carrot to easily identify them.3) Beer is good for you. Especially beer that is not made by a big beverage company.  My favorite is the Crop Circle Wheat, but I'm a wheat beer girl, so anything with wheat makes me happy.4) The food is good. It's not the best food you are going to find in Madison, but it's good.  The Mac and Cheese (which I've probably eaten 10 times) can be really hit or miss. Sometimes it's amazing. Sometimes it needs more sauce.  Today I had the grilled cheese, which is really more of a vegetable sandwich with cheese.  This is the second time I've had this, and it was substantially better than the first.I really don't have anything bad to say about The Great Dane. Our server today seemed a little annoyed at having to serve a giant party of kids 5 and under, but one slightly peeved server does not a bad restaurant make...I think I said that right. ;)  We will keep coming back to the Dane...it's a bit like a Madison institution at this point. ;)
4	Outdoor garden is awesome! Very good food & service was very efficient. Will be back next time we are in Madison.
4	I went here over Memorial Day weekend and had a lovely time.  I use a scooter and they were VERY able to accommodate so that was great.  We were a party of six with a couple different dietary needs and the server remained unphased.  I had the Mac and Cheese which arrived creamy and warm and delicious.  My partner had the fish and chips which he says were in the upper tier of his experience but not the pinnacle.  All in all a pleasant and easy dining experience
5	the beers were excellent - -I brew my own and have high standards for good beer -- the food was awesome - the environment was warm and friendly, my server was really nice and offered samples of many of the unique custom beers available.I thoroughly enjoyed the craftsmanship and the experience
4	Had a great time.  It was a perfect summer night for beer. We ate on the patio - warm without bugs. Also a man spinning some tunes.   From Ohio and wanted to try Wisconsin beers.  The sampler was the way to go especially with cheese curds and beer bread.   My husband had the sausage plate - being German he never can resist - he like the favors.  I had the chicken pot pie - a little too thick but filling.  I think the prices were reasonable    We walked around the downtown for an enjoyable evening.
2	This location has just about the worst service I have ever had. I raved about Great Dane to my mother and her boyfriend while we were walking around downtown. Having been to the Fitchburg Great Dane, I thought we could expect service similar to what I was used to in Fitchburg. That was a mistake. My mother and I were in the mood for a margarita so we each ordered one. The margarita tasted like watered down limeade. Keep in mind, I had nothing else alcoholic to drink that day so it wasn't because I was already up to par tolerance wise. I alerted the waitress to this, which is where our terrible experience began. She copped an instant attitude and stomped over to the bartender, who in turn started to throw things around. All I asked for was an additional shot, which we would pay for, so that we could add it to our margarita. The attitude only continued to get worse after that. Then we got the bill. The 2 tequila shots we 16 dollars. I beleive that out of spite we were given a high end tequila, when I specifically asked for bottom shelf. What has happened to customer service today. I wasn't asking for anything for free. I just wanted to taste the tequila in my one drink of the day. Hard day or not, when in customer service, you must create an experience that keeps the customers coming back. In this case, not only do I avoid this location, but I tell others about my experience. The Fitchburg location has never disappointed me.
3	Cheese curds were good but don't eat too much because you'll have a tummy ache afterwards. Great Dane pub wings was ok, there wasn't anything special about it. Buffalo Mac and Cheese was way too cheesy. Overall, food was ok but staff was friendly and welcoming.
5	If you go to Madison Wisconsin you have to stop by the Great Dane.  I think it might actually be a law in Wisconsin or something.  But seriously, the Great Dane has to be Madison's most famous bar and has been a staple there for decades.I have been to the capitol area Great Dane location probably a half dozen times over the past 10 years.  The food is always excellent, the beer is always really good, and the atmosphere is always great.  If you go during the warmer parts of the year, I would recommend sitting outside.  They have a really cool outside eating area.One last thing, in all the times I've been there, the staff has always been great.  College kids that don't take things too seriously so they can be fun.Definitely visit the Great Dane when you are in Madison, you won't be disappointed.
3	food delicious, service is spotty and server dependent...
1	The owner's response is incorrect. NO one has contacted me. No one has emailed me since my last email to you directly as well. You are a liar. In an email from your establishment, you suggested that I take time out of my day to come to your establishment to explain to your waitstaff what the issues are. Multiple members of your waitstaff, including management ARE the issue. I explained this in an email to you. I've been treated rudely over the phone and in person multiple times. Your DM had previously stated that this was because of how much I used to frequent your establishment--that my large number of bad experiences were because I was a regular customer. That is just the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard! I get bad experiences because I spend my money and pay your wages more often than other people? Are you f@#$%^&* kidding me???!!!Again, multiple times, in a row, you forgot items when I picked up orders to go. Your waitstaff was rude in person and over the phone.No one is checking orders. I used to manage restaurants and work every position in one. I would make drastic changes if I were you.If I came to your establishment, ordered food, ate it, and did not pay for it--you would call the police and I would be charged for defrauding the establishment. In this case, I paid you and you did not (on multiple occasions) give me the food that  I paid for. You also double charged my bf's card, and when we came in to eat breakfast with a gift certificate I asked the waitress what happened to any unused portion. She became very upset (I was very nice), rushed to get the manager, who very sternly told me there would be no cash back. Excuse me, I never asked for cash back, I asked if the left over would be issued on a new certificate. I don't want your handouts. You have me confused with "one of those people". I have found much better places to spend my money on  weekly if not biweekly basis. I was never rude to any of your staff. I was always polite. Same with my bf. You have consistently screwed up over the last six months.One final thought: I live very close by (that is why I spent so much money here! convenience!), and noticed a family entering your establishment. You might want to remove TYGA from your hold music if you are trying to be a family place. I've never heard of Tyga previously, and it was only while being on hold hearing "bouncing on my d$%^ that I had to Google it to find out what the heck was being played. Do your associates choose your hold music??????????????As an owner, I would ask myself "did I hire new employees or new management within the last six months?" I am guessing so. Make the needed corrections before you permanently lose more regular customers.
2	The beer is pretty good, their scotch ale is my favorite.  Their pumpkin beer they often have in the fall is also very good. The food is really good, I usually order the cheddar mac or the bacon cheeseburger and potato soup, all of which are delicious.  However, they are very expensive for their portion sizes.  They now serve their cheddar mac in a smaller bowl inside of the larger bowl they used to serve it in and they raised the price.  For this reason and the fact that the staff is extremely slow I no longer eat there.  The last time we were there my husband and I were seated 5 minutes before a table of 6.  The waiter came over and said he would be back in a minute for our drink order.  The hostess sat that table a couple minutes later and he took their food and drink order before he took our drink order.  Then it took nearly 15 minutes for him to bring one pitcher of beer and 2 glasses.  We also had to chase him down to get our bill when we were ready to leave.
5	I moved to Madison in October and have been to the Great Dane about 7 times since. I try to eat something new every visit (doesn't always happen that way) but I have never had a bad meal. I am also a huge fan of their Old Glory APA. Good beer, good food, helpful staff!
3	Went to the one in Fitchburg on Sunday and - sigh - it was super crowded and the hostess was downright bitchy. They have a brunch and a limited menu (it's the late night menu) until about 2;30. Brunch is $17.....very rich food for the most part. Eggs, desserts, donuts, soup & salad, small peel & eat shrimp, chef carved meat, biscuits & gravy, hush puppies, waffles, bacon, and more. Most of the food by noon was a little past its prime but the servers and staff were definitely hustling. Save yourself attitude and make a reservation if you go on a sunday. Otherwise, the beer if solid. PS it's also a noisy place inside, my 70-year-old dad couldn't hear me above the din.
2	Went there for the first time last night and was unimpressed with the service. Our waiter never came back to our table to check on us, see if we needed any refills on our drinks or ask if we would like dessert (assuming they have dessert.) Instead, he came back and left the bill on the table. I had the mac & cheese, which was good, but not worth returning for such poor service. The restaurant wasn't busy enough to account for it either. Won't be back.
4	Not surprisingly the beer was awesome! The service was meh...our waitress could have been a bit more cheery or even interactive. The food was okay, I did expect a bit better but I guess if the focus is on the beer, I can have a less than expected food experience. Overall I'd go again to get a better judge of the experience.
5	Fun place with a huge menu of options to choose from. HUGE portions, and this is coming from a Chicagoan! Very nice, would definitely be back here again!
4	I'm not even sure how to feel about this place any more. So here's a quick run down. Food: Great. Beer: Great. Bar staff: Great. Wait staff: Not very good. Security: Atrocious. Management: Great. Noise for neighbors: Atrocious. Jukebox: Does not stack songs, do not attempt to recreate John Mulaney's best meal ever. (completely unrelated to security staff issues)
3	I had lunch there this week and got a buffalo burger with pub fries.  The food was good and the service was fine.  There was nothing that struck me as amazing.  I at lunch for during work hours so I didn't want to try a beer, which depending on the taste altered the rating.  I do enjoy a good stout.
4	Fish tacos were very good. Cheese curds were alright but other places in town have better. Pretty good beer selection with great taste but a little weak/watered down for my liking.
2	I was a big fan of this place back in the 90's but find I can find better food and beer for much less at other establishments around town.
4	Love the Great Dane. I've been living out of state for the past nine years and when we were looking for a place for dinner and I suggested the Dane, my husband answered with an excited, "yes!" I had the Daneburger, which has artichoke dip on it. Yumm-o. Though our waiter seemed vehemently bored. Yes, that's a thing, because it's the best word to qualify the level of boredom he was at. And it was a little weird that they seated us way downstairs in the bar area when 1) we had a kid and 2) the upstairs had plenty of seating. Oh well.
4	I've eaten here twice, both times accompanied by my children.  While they made sure to set us away from the younger crowd, they didn't shove us next to the kitchen or in an unheated section (which has been an issues at other restaurants).  The food was very good and the service prompt.  The menu is varied and isn't the same stuff, different bend you find in many places.  We will be going back.
4	This is a 3 star restaurant with a single reason for the fourth star: the beer garden. Great Dane is sort of like the Cheesecake Factory of Dane County-- a jack of all trades where the menu is broad, diverse, and mediocre. The beer leaves something to be desired. But MAN THE BEER GARDEN IS SO AWESOME. Ivy climbs up over the walls and creates an absolutely perfect atmosphere. I'd eat mediocre food and boring beer all day there.
4	I enjoyed a really nice and simple lunch here at the bar,  I had a buffalo burger with "local" cheese served on a multigrain focaccia.  It was served medium well which is perfect for buffalo; since it's leaner than most meat many restaurants overcook it, not here! I appreciated the option to have dipping veggies instead of fries or a surcharge soup/salad; they were crisp and fresh.  I paired this with a very nice prairie fume white wine. Yes, I know they brew beer but I've just never been a beer person, give a girl a break. It's so refreshing to have a choice from more than one red and one white when choosing a none-beer beverage at a brewery restaurant!      The service was very friendly and attentive, although the server did seem a bit stressed.  I'd return here for a simple meal any day.
2	I don't know why this place has 4 stars. The beer and pretzels were delicious. The fish fry was over cooked and blah. My salad was wilted. It's easy to find good beer. I can live without the pretzels. I won't be back.
4	Great Dane was a solid 4 stars for the food and an average 3 stars for the beer.  (Especially compared to other breweries and brewpubs in the area).  I will say...they do get some bonus points for being HUGE and having a ton of seating options (P.S. If you are debating sitting outside, know that the outdoor patio is what my partner lovingly dubbed "the stifling courtyard" and it was only around 80 degrees that day), for having an awesome menu (everything from delicious pub food to exotic Asian, African, and Indian dishes), and having some seriously fantastic Wisconsin favorites (food made with local beer, cheese curds, and sausage products, duh.).I ended up getting the Madtown Mountie burger (topped with french fries,garlic dill cheese curds, gravy, and a fried egg) which even overcooked (no one REALLY gives you medium when you ask for it.  Bah.) was freaking divine.  My man got the Texarkana burger and seemed pretty pleased too, but was obviously jealous of my superior choice of basically eating poutine on a burger.  The best of both worlds.The beer, on the other hand, was just OK.  The server actually chose my sampler based on my extreme indecisiveness and the fact that I pretty much only drink hoppy APAs and IPAs or strong porters and stouts.  I ended up trying all of the above plus a Belgian Pale Ale and a Belgian IPA.  Meh.  None of the beers made me want to take them home (thus adding to my growing collection of growlers I keep forgetting to bring with me on beer trips) which was kind of sad.  Everything seemed safe...not a lot of flavor or aroma in anything, really.I would totally come back here for the food and one of their lighter beer options, but I'd skip the heavy brews if I were you.
4	I dined in the beer garden (downstairs) and it was beautiful! I decided to be a piggy and ordered the cheese curds, poutine, steak, side salad and 4 beer sampler. I allowed my waitress to pick my beers ( I told her I liked light and ambers) and she did a decent job. I ended up enjoying the beer that came with a lemon slice.The cheese curds were delicious, you can really taste the beer in the batter, and the poutine was ok. The gravy on the poutine was. Little chilled, but I stirred up the dish and it was good.The steak was amazing - the only problem was that a million flies/gnats tried attacking my food when the steak came out (I highly doubt this would happen inside). Overall pretty delicious! I couldn't tell if it was wheelchair accessible because the only bathrooms I found were downstairs.
3	I was originally going to give this place a 4, but the more I thought about it, I think a 3 is more appropriate. First off, I was not impressed with the beer. They all had a fairly watered down taste and were lacking a full flavor profile.The food was good, but not much better than I could get at another non chain restaurant. My burger was good, not great. I got the one with the cream cheese and I was expecting a nice shmear on there. But it was really more of a light spread. All in all, not a bad place, but not great either.And yes, the courtyard was stifling.
5	Good food, solid drinks, and cheerful service are hallmarks of all Great Dane locations, and this is no exception.I have enjoyed many an evening playing pool, having a few cocktails (I'm not a big beer drinker), and sampling the various items on the menu. Drinks are mixed just strong enough that you don't feel like they are overpriced.Some of my favorites on the menu include the West African peanut stew (get a cup or bowl of this with any meal and you won't be sorry), the Tara's cajun chicken sandwich, and the filibuster burger. The Tara's Cajun is a blackened cajun chicken breast served with a chipotle mayo on a kaiser roll. This is simply one of my favorite sandwiches on the planet.The West African is a tomato based rice soup with tender chicken and spices. Give me a cup of this and the cajun chicken, and I am a happy man.One other item that I enjoy is the pretzel appetizer, which is three old style pretzel rolls served with some spicy mustard and horseradish dip. The dip and the mustard will certainly clean out your sinuses!
5	Huge variety, always well executed.  Good beers, good cheese curds, good price.
5	Our waiter Eric was exceptional and alone made the experience great, but then the food came out and we could not have been happier. I ordered the Wisconsin Mac and it was amazing. I found myself wanting to eat more and more, but between my mac and creamy baked potato and bacon soup I had to bring some home. I will surely be looking forward to eating the rest of my meal throughout the entire day.
3	It's....pretty good. The Great Dane is a solid option if you're looking for seating/hang-out space for a group with various tastes. They can accommodate parties of all sizes pretty well. Came here with a very large group last week and they did allow us to reserve  - plus.For me, the food is pretty decent - nothing extravagant or out-of-ordinary, but usually, as the 3-star rating indicates, "A-OK." I've been here a few times and have tried various options - fish tacos, mac and cheese, cheese curds, etc. Not bad food by any means, but again - not great. It's a good and easy choice when you're with a group, however, as the menu is eclectic (peanut stew to falafel to wings - huh?) and the prices are affordable.I DO really enjoy the root beer here (they brew it!). Try some!
3	Decent brew pub food.  Really good beer.  I'm a big fan of dark, porter's or Scotch ale. Every one I've tried has been excellent.
3	Great Dane is a staple in Madison. The food is solid, and you always know what to expect.
5	I tried not to love the Dane. Really, I did. When you say you're moving to Madison, everyone immediately gushes that you have to go to the Great Dane. So of course, we went. I sat down, immediately sure that I was going to be disappointed in the bar food. Surely, the beer will be sub-par as well.Foiled again, as Dastardly would say. The craft beer, brewed by the Dane herself, is fantastic. The German Pilsner in particular is one of the best I've ever had. I could drink a gallon of it on a hot day. The food, much of it classic Midwest comfort food, hits the spot and leaves you wanting more. When we don't feel like going downtown, we hit up the Fitchburg location, which is equally fantastic. If you're just visiting, make it a priority to stop here. If you're a local, you're either already a fan or a dirty, dirty liar.
4	Excellent selection of food and I have enjoyed everything I have tried. The conserve-a-berger optioned as a buffalo burger is heavenly. There draft selection is also varied and vast. Often very busy so plan to wait a bit for a table on weekends.
4	The building is beautiful inside and out. Parking can be tough but there is a garage next to it. We went for lunch on a Saturday and it was very buisy, people never stopped coming through the door. Good that they have a patio, second bar area and a bar down stairs with more seating. This place was big and old, one door still had the name of a previous hotel in old fancy letters. Old wood all over the place and it's a throw back to another time. Service was good for the crushing amount of people in the place. I had the scotch ale which was good but I was informed it's not there best choice for beer. I had the bacon cheese burger rare with the garlic mash instead of Fry's. The burger was good, see the picture. The burger was cooked perfect and had cheddar cheese, lettuce, bacon, tomatoe, red onion, pickles on a good roll. No ketchup etc and I ate it just how they served and it was a good burger. This mash potatoes were very good with some red skins left in and that wonderful garlic flavor, much better than Fry's in my opinion. The food took a little long but not that long for the massive amount of people in the placs which was ok because we had our drinks to work on. This is a nice place to get together for food and drinks and I would go back again. Bottom line it's a great place with lots of character and I can see why they have a crushing following, I would not want to work that kitchen for sure. Good job.
5	New Mexico Chile soup, salad and beer bread - yum! German sausage plate - yes! Chocolate paired with beer ( you can't leave without tasting the tri -pepper pairing), what's not to like? Pub food does not have to be greasy frat food. Thank you, Great Dane, for a fabulous lunch!
5	Had the most amazing and bizarre grilled cheese here with gouda cheese, avocado and tomato on a tasty tomato basil roll. Delectable! Their 4 beer sampler was just right too since I wanted to try more than one craft brew. Very satisfied!
4	Yeah I'm a fan. For a local chain this place is good. Be prepared to get packed in like cattle during games but that should be expected. Plus, game days are always fun when it is busy and boozy
5	Great place to eat if you want some comfort food. The Root Beer is amazing and the staff is friendly. I had the Mac and Cheese with a pretzel bun and bread crumbs on it and it was delicious. Easily one of my favorite places in the city. And if I had to chose I would go back.
4	I wanted to bounce around town and try as many different spots as I could.  I was in town for business and only had 2 nights.  After doing my Yelp research, Great Dane was my first stop. Its a very cool spot, just a block off the main park area of the Capital.  Beers were fantastic.  Started with their Kolsch and ended with their Cascade Mountain Porter on Cask  Quite impressed with both. For an appetizer I had to order the Steamed Pork Buns.  They are crispy house cured pork belly glazed with an IPA hoisin sauce. Served in homemade steamed buns with radish, Bermuda onion, carrot, house pickled cucumber and scallion.  There had to be a reason steamed pork buns were on the menu, alongside so many other traditional "pub" options.  I found out.  They are absolutely delicious.  Thats why they are the 6th toe on the menu.Great attentive, friendly, helpful service.  Wish I had more time in Madison.  Next trip....I will absolutely be back.
3	Ambience in the garden is magnificent with attention given to the landscaping. Staffing by management was less than adequate. Pleasant server was overwhelmed and lacked support. Manager was oblivious when this was brought to their attention.
3	Oh hey Great Dane. Some people call me a Great Dane!I like your space! Your rooms! Your games!Haven't yet found a beer I dig but I'm still exploring, still leaning about your hoppy offerings. The fact that you were the only place one Saturday night had a deck of cards in the Capitol means you have a special place in my heart.
4	BIG fan of The Dane. All of the beers are great, but my favorite is the Devil's Lake Red. Great selection of flavors and styles for a pretty reasonable price...and shuffleboard, which is awesome. My one gripe would be that not all of the beer styles are available at every location, but there's enough variety that you can get over it pretty easily.
4	Yummmmm!!! So delicious! I had the Mac n cheese. My boyfriend had the Texacana burger. For an appetizer we tried the Poutine which was dill cheese curds, fries and gravy. The fries and gravy were exceptional, I wasn't too crazy about the cheese curds. The whole bill came go under $40. Not too bad! One thing I noticed(this is me being picky) was the servers grabbing glasses from the top where my mouth goes instead of the bottom. Again, just me being picky :)
2	Not what it used to be. Went with a group Saturday night. Everyone's food was served cold (burgers) or soggy (salad). IPA was bad - they said it was their second night with a bad tap. For a brewing company that's disappointing. The wings were no good - the chicken wasn't great quality and didn't have much meat. Service was slow and wouldn't ever return.
4	The Great Dane is where I take visitors. It's menu is huge, so everyone can find something they want, the beer is good, and I've never been dissatisfied with the food. I'm addicted to their fish fry, which has a great breading (and the accompanying tartar sauce is delicious too!). My dad loves their wings. The Great Dane is a reliable option that has yet to disappoint.
2	Had a nice gluten free menu. Ordered the rootbeer and ginger ale which were tasty but lost flavor after first drink. Ordered the peanut stew over chili rice which was a mushy and more or less flavorless dish served over what appeared to be a zatarain rice. Also had the blackened mango mahi mahi with garlic mash potatoes. Blackened seasoning was tasty but fish didn't have much flavor. Garlic potatoes were the best part of the dish
4	A brew pub with good beer and consistently good food.
3	The food was average... But that seems to be the MO for Madison restaurants. Everyone thought the Fish Fry, Cheese Curds, and Fish Tacos were ok, but nothing to write home about. Maybe we should have tried the burgers?The fried plaintains were an awesome side or subtitution to fries. Beers were ok too. The Isle Stout was very similar to Guiness, maybe a little bit more flavorful. The highlight of the meal was the outdoor back patio/garden. It's completely secluded and beautiful. Definitely sit out there if the weather is nice.
1	The Great Dane has a fantastic atmosphere, an incredible set pool tables, and some pleasantly decent food; that being said, their beer is just plain bad. In fact, it's probably -4 stars bad, detracting from the 5 star everything else. The $6.00 minimum price tag aside, I've had something like 8 of their 15 "signature" beers and I'm borderline scared to try the remaining 7. Just bad. Come here for food and friends, but save yourself the money and hydrate yourself with water to last longer for the 10 better beer establishments near the square.
5	So good all around!Beer: I ordered 7 out of the 16 brews they had on tap for a flight. Based on my order, they pulled out the BIG flight container. All were delicious. I even went back and ordered a pint of their stout. Food: Yummers! Only thing I wish I'd ordered was the cheese curds. Looks like I'm going to have to come back. Because life isn't worth living without cheese curds. Waitstaff: Nicest/friendliest staff ever. I came up alone, so was obviously eating alone. They happily sat me in a booth. And the waitress, Chloe, was super nice. She was attentive. Let me hang out and do my thing...eat, drink, and listen to book on tape. Highly recommend this joint! Plus so many brews!
5	I'm a big fan of the Great Dane. I cannot speak for the beers since I do drink beer but I am very familiar with the food. Appetizers:  The artichoke dip, fish tacos and tuna tataki are some of my favorites.  I often order either the tuna or the fish tacos as my lunch instead of as an appFood:  The brown ale onion soup is to die for!  Seriously, I have cravings for this soup!!!  I DREAM if this soup!  I also really enjoy the Texarkana burger (and I'm not even a burger person). My favorite sandwich has to be the salmon BLT-it is delicious! My only disappointments have been the mac and cheese and the chicken pot pie.  Not because they were bad but because I can make them a lot better at home.The staff is always friendly and efficient.  The Hilldale Great Dane is also very accommodating for children. The hosts tend to put all the families with small children in the same section.  Good for the families with children and good for the diners who don't want to see/hear young kids. As a side note:  the Great Dane brunch, while a bit pricey, is very good. It is also very busy so don't forget to make a reservation.  ;)
3	We would probably eat here again. Menu sounded good but we ended up getting everything packed up to go since my son was not having a good day and they seemed busy and I didn't want to take up a table with a tantrumming little one.
5	I fucking love this place so much I had my damn wedding reception here (well, their Fitchburg location--but this is the one I usually frequent).The food is pretty impressive across the board, especially for the price point.  This place is Husband's and my typical date night.The waitresses are super cute.  The bartenders are super nice.  There's a walled-in outdoor patio that's swimming in low-lit ambiance in the warmer months (which basically means any time it's not snowing--this is Wisconsin, after all).The only time I've *ever* had anything resembling bad service here (with ~monthly visits for the last couple years) is the one time some waiter refused to get my buddy a bloody Mary sans horseradish because "it's a mix."  Bro.  Seriously.  Someone makes that mix--this is a freakin' brewpub, it doesn't come out of a bottle.  Buddy's girlfriend went to the bar and the bartender made him the aforementioned horseradish-free bloody without batting an eye.  I've never seen that waiter again.  Good.Five stars, hands down.
4	We were here for a post rehearsal dinner party, great beer, delish mixed drinks, great for groups.
5	My sister and I were in Madison and went to Great Dane twice in one week!! Beer, food,,service and atmosphere were all good.Cheese curds were delicious, pretzel basket was tasty try the spicy mustard dip. Our favorite is the tomato mushrooms soup it was hot and enjoyed each time on our cold fall visit.
1	A crushing disappointment. I'm not gonna complain about the wait time before we sat down. It's a busy place and that's to be expected. What I am going to complain about is everything else.An almost hour wait at the table for two burgers? Two burgers, that may I mention, were lukewarm when we finally got our hands on them. Why did we have to wait so long for these burgers? I'd ask my server, but he was constantly busy with other tables. He came to our table precisely 4 times. To order drinks, to drop off the drinks, to intercept someone else dropping off our food and for the check. That's it. Some manager looking type cleared our plates and asked how everything was. We told her it was just "ok.' No followup questions, nothing.I understand it's a busy place. But come on, letting burgers sit under the heat lamp for who knows how long is just not right. Our sustain-a-burgers, which are supposed to highlight local farms, just ended up being dry pucks of meat.I almost forgot! When the server brought back our check to sign, he told us our bill was less than originally shown because he charged us for another couples bill. So this unassuming couple got stuck with a slightly higher bill than expected. Not cool.Don't buy the hype for this place, and definitely don't buy the burgers.
5	The food was amazing. Good healthy portions and the price was just right. However, nothing compares to their home brewed beer on tap. Not sure what beer to get, ask the staff. It almost as though they encourage the staff to drink every night to have that intimate knowledge of their  cervezas.
4	With a name like Great Dane, I was expecting a big ass Viking Thor lookalike with a hammer greets me by the door; or, ...a big huge dog. However, it was a tiny young woman who welcomed us. Nevertheless, the name sounds awesomeTwo coworkers of mine who are a Swede and a Dane used to argue all the time on who's better. The Dane said it is the happiest country in the world. The Swede said Danes are happy because when they wake up they can see Sweden. The Swede guy used to say too that there's only one great Dane, and it is a dog. They would go on and on and I really want to take the two here! Look! Another Great Dane!! It's a restaurant!!I saw the brew kettles as we entered the dining area. Then, I saw on the board.. Pumpkin Ale. Oh, that sounded good! Too bad, we were at business lunch. Perusing through the menu that looked like a tabloid newspaper, it didn't take me long to identify what I wanted though the menu was a sizable one. I just surrendered to Haddock fish fry. I've been trying to avoid fried foods; but, it was haddock. I love haddock. I love fish fry. I can't help myself.I also tried their tomato and mushroom soup. My customer who was dining with me opted for Reuben and the potato soup.My soup was interesting and very savory. I loved it. It was more like a minestrone than a Campbell Tomato soup. The potato soup looked good too but it looked heavy to me. It was a meal on its own. However, my dining companion seemed to enjoy it.The fish fry was excellent! I must say I am not a fan of beer battered fish fry that looked like a long balloon. It looked puffed out and smooth. I usually like it lightly battered and it forms to the fish shape. However, this one was good. The haddock also tasted delicious with the malt vinegar. The fries were a bit spicy as they tossed it in a mixed spice type salt. The Reuben was filled with corned beef and krauts. It was huge!The service was super fast and our server did a great job during the lunch rush. I didn't get the Great Dane name even after I ate there. I knew it was named after the dog breed, but why. Next time, I will have to really look for clues. Oh yeah, I am coming back. Hopefully for dinner. Maybe their Ale is as good as the one served to Odin in Valhalla.
2	We did not eat here, so this review is only for the beer/bar and service.My boyfriend and I came here to watch the IU homecoming football game (yes, it was pathetic), and grab a couple of beers.  We sat at the only two seats open at the main (?) bar.  The TV on our end was showing some sports documentary without sound, and the IU game was on at the far end.  Once a few people moved from the other end, we asked the bartender if we could move down to see the game.  She said that was fine and didn't offer to change this TV that clearly nobody was watching.  OK, no big deal so we moved.I had two pints of the IPA while I was here and they tasted totally different from one end of the bar to the other (came from different taps).  I'm still not really sure it was the same beer ; I really enjoyed the first one but not the second.  My boyfriend tried a sampler with 4 beers then ended up getting two other ones in pints, and wasn't really a fan of any of them.The biggest part of the two stars is the service.  We were sitting at the bar for at least two hours, and I think we got asked once if we needed anything.  The rest of the time was us flagging down the bartender.  At first it was busy, and then at one point an entire wedding part bride and all stopped by, so I definitely understand them being prioritized.  However, for at least half the time we were there, the bar was mostly empty and we still had to flag people down.Once we moved to the far end of the bar to watch the game, we were right next to the area were waiters use the computer to put in orders and get drinks from the bartender.  It was basically like watching reality TV.  They snapped at each, complained to a manager about each other, etc.  It was actually really amusing for me, but not the best portrayal of a business.Their menu did look really good, and if I lived in the area I would give it another chance for dining.  However, if you are just visiting, there are lots of other amazing places I would recommend before this one.
2	Horribly rude hostess staff. Plus they kept changing the wait time.  When we put our name in, it was 15 minutes.  We ended up waiting more than an hour.  They kept seating people ahead of us who had not been there as long.  Good food but definitely not worth the rude atmosphere.
1	This had to be the worst experience with trying to dine out of my life.  Our party of 7 was originally told that there would be a 45 minute wait.  At the 50 minute mark, we noticed a table for 8 that was being cleared and assumed it was for us.  When we inquired as to where our name was on the list, we were told that it would still be a short wait.  They then seated three people at the large table.  After waiting over an hour, we again inquired as to where we were on the list and were told they were trying to find us a table.  When we pointed out that the large table had been used for only three people, we were told that they could "squeeze us into" a booth.  (Why they didn't seat the three people at a booth is beyond me.)  After 90 minutes, we were told that a large table had opened up downstairs and they were clearing it for us and it would be about 5 minutes.  Ten minutes later, the manager informed us that one of the owners had just come in with a large party and was given the table we were promised.  After waiting for almost two hours, we finally just left.During every encounter we had with the hostess staff and the manager, they were rude and condescending.  The customer service was so horribly bad as to not even be believeable.  Someone suggested we write a letter to the owners, but apparently the owners are part of the problem since they were the ones who came in with a large party and just took an empty table regardless of who might be on the list waiting for it.  Even if the food were top-notch (which we wouldn't know since we never got that far), the lack of respect for customers and the horrible way we were treated wouldn't make even the best food worth it.
4	We are regulars at the Dane. Their craft beers are wonderful and their food is almost always solid. We have had a few misses, cold food, and their funny tasting artichoke dip. However, some of my favorites are the hummus plate- SO MUCH DELICIOUSNESS- decent fish fry, good burgers, and yummy burritos. Service is almost always good, statistically your bound to have a few less stellar experiences. We have never had anything bad here. It's our solid go to to a quick night out or a game day.
3	I came here for my very first dinner in Madison. It's definitely a really "sconnie" spot, and they serve some local staples, like curds, pretzels, and the like.We started with the giant pretzel, which was......... a giant pretzel. I debated for a long time between the Wisconsin cheddar mac and the chicken pot pie, but ultimately went with the cheddar mac because it had Wisconsin in the name (and because I'm pretty sure the pot pie had mushrooms, which I am deathly afraid of). The mac and cheese came with another pretzel and tasted like mac and cheese tastes... maybe a little better. I feel bad for giving three stars, because my experience here wasn't bad, but wasn't memorable either. It was also at a work event, so unfortunately couldn't drink. I think I'll need to give this place another try sometime soon and order something a little more exciting with a side of wisco beer. This is another one where I'd take someone who was visiting for the weekend to have a real Wisconsin experience.
4	Three things I love about the Great Dane (near the square).Pool tables: I could shoot pool for hours-I love the setup and old time feel of the pool hall area. The natural wood, classic style tables, and social feel all make it a great place to chill with some drinks and sink some pool balls. Root beer: probably my favorite drink, and theirs is awesome. Try it. Multiple times.Outdoor seating: in the summer, it's a great little hideaway that stays cool in the shade. I usually just go here for a couple drinks, an app, and pool. The food is good-nothing out of the ordinary-but the setting allows it to be a good place to return to. One critique would be that the pool tables are badly in need of re-felting. They're beginning to really show their wear, stains, and are past faded.
1	Terrible service...even overheard our server talking shit about us to the bartender....awesome! I don't believe in being mean to servers so even when we had drinks spilled on us and wrong orders delivered, both with no apology, we still said please and thank you. Luckily, we dodged being punched in the teeth (part of the overheard conversation) because we wanted our drinks within 20 minutes.
5	My Type of Place!My wife and I fly into your town and we start chatting with our hotel shuttle driver. We start chatting about food, beer, etc... I tell him like pilsners and I'm not a fan of IPAs. He immediately recommends the Great Dane. I'm like cool, the Yelpers in town recommended this place on a thread I started. We check in, unpack, and off we go.The ArrivalWe walk in and the first thing I notice is the beautiful smell.  Only true beer drinkers can appreciate this smell. It's a perfume of brewers yeast and hops which is both intoxicating and delightful. A smile like the Grinch that stole Christmas creeps across my face. Is this heaven? No it's Madison, Wisconsin:)  So, we walk in the pool room area, but all the seats at the bar were taken. So we walk on the other side and plop down at the bar. We meet our bartender Jenny and she is sweet as pie. I get a flight of beers and I would say they have a pretty nice selection. For you Pilsner drinkers, this is money. They have more selections of that style that any brewery I've been too. I settle on the Landmark Lite, but I did enjoy the taste of the Pecks Pils and the Pumpkin Ale. The Landmark Lite is so smooth with no aftertaste at all. This is easy drinking at its finest and for me it's perfect. The FoodWe only had two apps, the assorted pretzel basket and the onion soup. The pretzel basket had four or five different types of fresh baked pretzels. Now the pretzels were awesome, but the show stealer was the Crop Circle Wheat Cranberry Mustard. My wife originally placed it to the side because she thought it was marinara sauce. I tasted it and said that's some sort of mustard. We both were a little shocked. I looked at the menu and yes this was truly a red looking mustard. I dip a pretzel piece into this red concoction and take a bite. WOW. The flavor profile will knock your socks off. First you taste the cranberry with it's sweet and then as it settles in your mouth you get the heat of the mustard. The heat I am talking about is compared to Hot Chinese Mustard where it reaches your sinuses. I'm not taking about that sorry ass Chinese mustard in the plastic packages, I'm taking about the one that comes in a small plastic cup. This cranberry mustard doesn't reach the sinus level of a Hot Chinese Mustard, but you can feel it. I need to shake the hand of the person who came up with this recipe. Whoever you are, you are a genius and if I could I'd have your children;) which reminds me, I need to buy some of that to take home to South Florida. Next up the Onion Soup. The cheese was melted to a prefect crust, which I love. I broke it up with my spoon and swooped in for the kill. Very tasty and not salty at all. The onions had that silky texture which is a must with this style of soup.Ambiance Open, inviting, and very clean. Service was very friendly and there is no doubt that this joint is popular with community. I would be a regular if I lived here.Verdict Listen, I know I'm a tourist and this was my first time here, but I know beer and food. This place has IT.  I feel very confident with rating this brewery a 5. I'll be back before I fly back home. Remember to tell Jenny that Dan from Ft. Lauderdale sent you and Stay Hungry!
5	Wow...the bartender was awesome!  He was very helpful with their in-house beers and providing us with a late night menu.They will give you some samples of their beers to find the one for you.  Both of the beers I had were great.  I had an APA and my wife had something slightly sweet which was better than the APA.I ordered a bacon cheeseburger off of the late night menu with sweet potato fries.  The late night menu may lack size, but that as made up in quality and taste.  I really liked their burger and fries.  Great beer, delicious food, and stellar service.
4	Huge menu, huge beer list. This was our second visit here and it's a great stop if you are visiting Madison. We were in Wisconsin, so hit up a couple spots looking to beer flights. I love that you can create your own and add as many as you want. We decided to go crazy and try every singe beer, and had a really fun line-up of 14 or so beers on our table to go through. The food was solid, reasonably priced, decent service. It was super crazy on a Saturday afternoon with a long wait. If you can visit in warmer weather the beer garden in the back is also wonderful.
3	I've been here three times, and I've have a good time (but not great). The environment is open, very large (there's a bar, restaurant area, downstairs, AND outside seating area). Bartender is cool and gives great recommendations based on what beers you prefer (Coffee stout and dark ales for me please!), and I've never had to wait too long (even when busy).  But I'm not impressed by the food.First of all, the menu is not made for people who cannot eat dairy, so my options were very limited. First time, I had the cajun chicken sandwich, which was definitely tasty, but nothing spectacular. I've also had the BBQ Meatloaf--again, very good, but nothing that wowed me. Best part of that meal was the tiny little fries topping the meatloaf. I've also had the Chang Mai Curry Noodle Bowl. I believe there's a little dairy in that bowl, so I ate with my discretion, and it was thick but delicious. Noodles were soft but not soggy, and the broth was salty, spiced, and tasted American-Thai. Chang Mai Curry Noodle Bowl is probably the only dish I'd be willing to repeat if I went again.This menu is just not for me, only because I can't eat any of it. I can eat the wings and the salads, but then I'd just go to a place that specializes in wings and salads. I can see why people like coming here, and I'm always down to hang back with a beer; however, I wouldn't come back based on food alone.Love the environment, like the food. I would come back, and hopefully I'll find a dish I can vouch for.
2	You know something is wrong when the celery sticks and ranch dip are the best part of the meal. Plus, we waited an hour for the food to arrive so we were hungry enough for anything to taste amazing. But the burger was dry and the eggs Benedict had the most tasteless hollandaise sauce I've ever experienced. The cheese curds were soggy and swimming in oil.  Beer was good but each one literally took 15 minutes to make it to our table after ordering. With all the amazing food in Madison I am sad to have wasted a meal here.
5	While downtown near the capitol, my friend and I decided to check out Yelp and find a good place for lunch nearby.  The Great Dane had excellent reviews and was only a short walk away so we headed over.  This place didn't look too spacious when we walked in but they have plenty of space.  We ended up getting a table on the patio which was perfect for the September day.  Both the drink menu and the food menu looked great and I asked our server for some beer recommendations.  My friend ended up getting a sampler and I had a pint.  I tried a few of her samples and they were as awesome as my pint.  I can't actually recall what sandwich I ordered but it was delicious.  They do an awesome job here.  I will definitely stop by the next time I am back in town.
4	Personally, I like the food at the Great Dane much better than at the Old Fashioned.
1	I'm a huge collector of things when I travel. One of the things my BF and I like to do when travelling is to collect pint glasses from various breweries we visit. Although I came to Madison sans BF for a work trip, I found Great Dane Pub and wanted to snag another glass for our modest (but growing!) collection.My friend and I came here after dinner to grab a few drinks, try the beer, and possibly grab a glass. It all goes downhill from here.The place was pretty crowded for a weeknight, but we found two seats at the bar. The bartenders here are literally the most blah bartenders I've ever encountered. I think workers at McDonalds are happier. There's quite a bit to choose from on tap, and there's a board showing the name of each beer they have. Since we were kind far away from the board (ugh, my granny eyes couldn't see) I asked the bartender what was on special hoping she'd be able to give us some recommendations. All I got was, "you can read the board to see what we have". Um, OK then.I decided to get a sampler, which was nice because you can choose the amount of beers you try and which ones. I got 4, and honestly, all of them were so blah that none of them were particularly special to me so I don't remember the names of which ones I tried. They were sour and old tasting, and seemed very watered down which is ironic and a little embarrassing if Great Dane brews their own. The entire ordeal was just so blah and unremarkable to me that I ultimately decided to forego buying a pint glass. It was an experience I'd rather have a momento of.
1	Somehow this place gets worse, not better.  The food is institutional.  The beer is syrupy.  Survives on its laurels.
4	Excelent! This is a terrific restaraunt, good food and great service. One of the few open on Thanksgiving. Terrific fried chicken.
4	Food: I came here right after running the Madison Marathon for my traditional post race burger and some good beer. I sat at the bar and started off with a Texas Speedbump IPA. For my burger, I ordered the Applewood Bacon Burger with sharp Cheddar and a side of mashed potatoes. It came out with fries, so they brought me some mash potatoes separately in a small bowl. It was a good burger! I had plenty of time before I had to head to the airport to catch my evening flight home, so I had the Devil's Lake Red Lager and Old Glory American Pale Ale as well to help finish off the burger.Service: I had great service from the bartender. There was a big lunch rush, but she handled it very well. Not once did I feel neglected.Overall: A burger and beers is a post race tradition for me, but I will definitely need to return for their cheese curds and other items on their menu. They had a somewhat small but decent selection of craft beer.
3	Stopped in the other day during a recent visit to Madison. Thought we would check out Great Dane after quite a bit of praise. Ended up trying five of their house brews, none of which rocked our socks off. Out of the bunch the porter was top dog.Grabbed an order of their fish tacos too. Much like the beer...nothing to write home about. Way too much breading, hardly any fish. Tortillas and accoutrements were well enough, but not even their hellfire salsa could save this fried fiasco. I'd definitely stop in again to check out a little bit more of their menu, as service was hospitable and friendly, and ticket times were above average. Cool vibe and plenty of space inside, just sad that the food and drink didn't meet expectations on our first go around.
3	Above average bar food and decent atmosphere.  Not a drinker so can't say I'd make this a return destination but wouldn't rule it out with a group.
5	Great beer? Check. Excellent cheese curds? Check. Standout service? Check. All I have to say is this place delivers. And Dan the bartender is as good as they get. Give that man a raise!
3	Went here for dinner with a five co-workers.  It was mid week around 6:00pm, the wait was about 20 minutes with no reservations.We ended up going into the bar to wait and grab a beer.  I was impressed with the types/varieties of their craft beers.  I had a IPA type beer and just was not thrilled with it.  I wish I had gotten something a little less hoppy or asked for a sample before.  Normally I like IPA's but this one missed the mark for me.For dinner, we all ordered a bunch of appetizers to share, the food is OK but nothing special as it is just greasy bar food to me.  For our main meals we each got different options: fish, burgers, salads, etc.  Again everything was OK but it wasn't great quality or flavor.  The service was excellent and this is a great place to bring a large group. I think this restaurant is a fan favorite due to the cheap prices of the food and the beer variety.  Next time I would just come here for a drink and go somewhere else to eat.  There are so many great places for food around Madison.  I can see why this bar is a big hit with the students as after all of our food/drinks we each only spent about $30 including tip.
2	I get this place is a staple in Madison. Everyone says to go here and try it, so I did. The space is huge, maybe too big as it felt a bit lonely with all that drafty space? I sat at the bar and ordered a tasting.Good: I like any bar that is proud to be a plain, simple, working class dive joint. I'm always comfortable in this setting, so while I found the place to be too big to be intimate, I did like the energy of the place and the other patrons there. It was a fun, young, lively crowd. The bartender was very friendly too.Bad: food menu. Nothing remotely healthy to order. It's greasy bar food, so that means nachos, fries, etc. I wasn't feeling any of it the night I went so i did not order anything. It just didn't read appetizing to me.Beer. Not a fan. They offer a huge tasting as they apparently brew a ton of varieties. Not sure that's such a good thing? Much like I feel about Rogue Brewery, I think offering a ton of crappy to average beers is not good business. I'd rather they focus on a small variety of beers that taste great. Quality over quantity, people. The Old Glory Pale Ale was the one I enjoyed the most but it was totally average in the grand scheme of things. The Scottish Ale needs to be taken out back and shot and should never again see the light of day. :)
4	Was one of my fave spots but my fish was burnt last time...
