5	I brought my french bulldog Phoebe to see Dr. Ware and was pleasantly surprised at how quickly I was taken into a room and even more surprised at how quickly Dr. Ware joined us.  Dr. Ware is  one of the best, most attentive, and "loving" veterinarians I have ever been to with any animal I've ever had. He actually sat on the floor to get to know my dog, which was a first, but since she's little, was a great way to gain her trust. During the examination both he and the assistant pointed out some issues I had never noticed before and that none of the other vets I have been to have mentioned. And it turned out that none of those things were issues to worry about and didn't raise the price of the exam.Dr. Ware went above and beyond, even helping with some less desirable things I assumed he would get an assistant to take care of. And when I asked for a prescription for a generic version of a name brand medicine they sold in the office, he was happy to do it, which was also a nice change. Overall, I was extremely impressed and pleased with my visit, and I will absolutely be taking Phoebe back to see Dr. Ware for all her check-ups in the future!
5	I am so happy this hospital opened in Laveen and am so glad I took my puppy here. She had been suffering from allergies around her eyes (itch/rash) for most of the summer. The treatment from her previous vet didn't help her and it was only getting worse to the point where my pup was wearing an E-collar 24/7 for itching the skin to bleed. She was also due for a rabies shot. I decided to call Laveen Vet Center to see their availability and they had an opening an hour later! We went in and was so impressed with how clean and spacious the office is and how sweet the front desk girl was. It wasn't long before we were roomed, seen by the tech (who, also was SO sweet and gentle with Lucy) and Dr. Mader. This vet was unlike any other I've met. The appointment didn't feel rushed. When I told her I just noticed how Lucy's ears needed cleaning and tips on how to, she didn't hesitate to get materials and show me - she cleaned her ears! She was so informative, answered all my questions and knew exactly what would be best for Lucy. She was so good with her, Lucy didn't squeal during her shot which she usually does. It has been a little over a week since we went in and Lucy's allergies have cleared completely! I am so happy!5 deserving stars for this new center! My Lucy will definitely be coming here for all her veterinary care needs. So happy I don't have to drive across the valley anymore for quality vet care. Also, if you're a new patient, don't forget to show the Doctor your Yelp Check-In deal; they will honor it!
5	My boyfriend and I are so pleased with the care our dog Myron received here. The whole staff is so friendly and welcoming. They didn't hesitate to become friends with our pup and call him by his name when we came in. We had to go back twice since our initial visit and they always seem excited to see him. Dr.Mader helped Myron for his initial visit and Dr. Ware did his surgery. Everything was great. We hope we don't have to take Myron back any time soon but I'm happy to know he will be in good hands! :)
5	Great experience! Been there twice now. One for a new kitty we found and one for a cat we have had but hasn't been to the vet in a while. Saw both vets. The lady dr was awesome and dr ware was great! Both prompt and told us everything we needed to know. And we got a % off of the kitten. Their kitten special!
4	I've been to another vet in Laveen that I shall not go back to again.  Dr Ware got down on my dogs level as he was nervous. He gave him so love and he started to warm up to him. We will be going back with our other 2 pugs. They are also very reasonably priced
