4	The staff is extremely friendly. The prices are great, and the good is very good. You get a good size portion and your entree also comes with miso soup. For a mini chicken katsu (chicken, rice, veggies, and macaroni salad incl.), miso soup, and a drink, the total came to $7.81. We had a large group and they didnt seem stressed about it, they even gave us a large order of rangoons for free! I will definitely be back.
4	Ono food and good service:)
3	At $5.95 for a huge lunch portion and $7.25 for the combo including a drink this food would be a steal even it were cardboard. Alright, that isn't entirely true but this is your typical fast food Chinese. No matter what anyone says this is 100 times tastier and healthier than eating the MSG soaked Panda Express garbage. The service is quick and friendly and the portions are huge. Oh, and the food itself wasn't the worst. My stomach approves!
2	A watery egg drop soup comes with the lunch special. A crunchy but skinny veggie egg roll with thick sweet and sour sauce is also party to the lunch special. I got the kung pau beef it was spicy and yummy fresh onions and green bell peppers that were good and not over cooked. The accompanying noodles were over cooked and turning into mush the fried rice was well just kind of bland and boring.  The staff was very attentive. Not bad in a pinch, but there are better fastfood chinese places.
5	This place was so good. Closest mac salad I could find to my grandmas too. Sad it's not there anymore, really wanted to take my boyfriend. :-(
3	We just got our food here to go. This place is OK. They pack the shizzzles out of our food for what price we paid for. I'd come back here but there are other places I know I can still try. This place only has a few reviews and I thought I'd help out other yelpers before they come here.But it's not as good as I thought it would be. Decent Chinese food for a great price.
2	This place gets two stars because the food is pretty good but the service really deters me. I called to place an order for pick up. They were in the middle of taking it and said, "We are really busy can I call you back?"They informed they had caller I.D. and repeated my number back to me. After waiting over an hour they never called back. Who does that? I'll never be eating here again.
4	The brown rice and egg white fried rice is fantastic.  It's not on the menu, so look for the posters on the cash registers.  Or just ask about it.
2	Good prices, nice clean fast food style restaurant. Service was attentive enough, and the food TASTED ok. Not great, but ok. The problem is, it made me sick to my stomach later. In ways I don't care to discuss. I felt off the rest of the day, and will NOT be returning.
4	I have yet to have a bad  dish at China a go go. Everything is flavorful and the portions are a good size.  It is a bit on the expensive side I must admit, but you get what you pay for.  When you enter you are greeted and asked if you would like to sit down or take your food to go by very friendly hosts.  My favorite dishes are:-mongolian beef-honey walnut shrimp-shrimp and chicken pad thai-the mei fun-chow funall very delicious.  They also have two versions of lunch specials available until 4pm!:)))
4	Very clean. Everytime I visit, there is always someone cleaning the dining area. Love the lunch deals, The food is great and the portions are awesome.
4	Good prices, Good service, try the wor wonton soup, big portion huge bowl, and cheap too. The Crab rangoons are top-notch also.
4	Boyfriend and I stopped by for a quick lunch not expecting too much. Right when we walked in we were greeted by a friendly server and given a seat. They have lots of great food and super good prices. The service was awesome! My drink ran out and right when I hit the last sip I had a refill waiting. So fast and attentive. Cheaper than Panda and way better quality. Will definitely be back!!
5	The lunch is only 5.95 , come with fried rice and noodle. Unbeatable!   Boba buy one get one half price if we like them on face book. Good service! Good food! Everything made fresh to order! Love china a go go !
5	Best chicken wings, mongolian beef and kung pow hands down.  mind you I love spicy food.  I always order the food extra spicy and they comply with my requests perfectly.  While i wait they offered me a free soda.  And they have always greeted me with a smile.  Not to mention they are clean and quick!They do charge a little bit more for their entrees than other places, but it's well worth it for the service.
4	I'm sure there is better Chinese food in town but this is my local and one of my favorite spots!Hands down... I'm always in for the lunch specials.  Lunch will cost me 6 dollars and I'll have some to take home later, so I get two meals for 6 dollars.  I always order the orange chicken.  Sitting down for lunch will get you some soup and fried wong ton, free of charge.The place has some of the best customer service that I know of, they are always smiling and pretty quick.  Some days are busy, which might make them take a while but never less, still a fan and enjoy my lunch there almost weekly!
5	Boba tea here is really good and their plates are always big and delicious,  when I need my Asian food fix this is the 1rst place that pops into my mind :) thr best!
4	...Some of the best Chinese food I've had in town! Phenomenal service. Quick. The lunch specials are cheap and have huge portions. Try the cream cheese rangoons! To die for! ..I don't live anywhere close to this place but whenever I want Chinese this is where I go. Try it , you won't be sorry.
3	Their milk tea is delicious, but I'm not a fan of any food that they serve. The meats look like they were bought cheap, and flavors are the same: salty.
3	The tofu veggies had a good flavor but the tofu was mushie and weren't real fried. They did substitute my Thai tea for coconut milk which was nice, they were really nice and service was good.
5	Great service.  Very cheap food and big portions.  I went in to get a quick lunch and the cashiers are super friendly. After I came out of the bathroom, they had my water, soup and complimentary appetizers laid out on the table. I sat at another table because I thought the setup was for someone else, but they kindly directed me to the table with all of the food setup already!  I had the lemon chicken entree for 5.95. It came with a ton of chicken, fried rice, and chow mein. It was not overly oily and the chicken was both soft and crispy. When I left the cashier even said he will see me soon. Excellent food and customer service for the price.
5	This is my favorite Chinese restaurant in Las Vegas.  The servers are really friendly and they are willing to accommodate.  The sesame beef is amazing!  China a go go is a great option for dine in or takeaway.
1	DELIVERY NOT TRUSTWORTHY- waited 1 hour and 10 minutes* Big disappointment*Ordered food tonight with my Man at 8:49pm hence they close at 9:30pm. So,we made sure it was okay to order food given the time. The guy on the phone said it is still okay to place order for delivery  -we were quoted 15 minutes after placing the order.  We waited outside for the delivery- it didn't come. We called them at 9:25 getting concerned about the closing time. They said wait 10 more minutes. We waited and by 9:45pm we called back and got an answering machine. We decided to head over there. We caught 2 of them leaving the shop at 10:00pm. We told them that they were not very honest with us and that they better be sure to refund the debit transaction that they hit us up for and that we will eat dinner elsewhere. We do not trust that the food was even safe to eat. Did they spit in it and screw us over and make us wait an hour and ten minutes because they don't give a shit about the business they work for and the customers? How can we trust them??The delivery guy was calling my cell phone at 10:02 while we were actually at China A Go Go, He was claiming he was at our home-but we were not trusting that he was truly at the house since they gave us the run around already with the time frame and lack of communication & lack of accuracy on delivery time that we were quoted. We are very disappointed in this bad service and will reach out to the owners to inform them of what happened. We came home to the food on the porch after we ate at Taco Bell. WHAT THE HECK??? If they deny us a refund i will be reporting them to the BBB ( Better Business Bureau).
1	Ok so I don't want to be the party pooper but truthfully food isn't great and prob won't order again :/ at least from the delivery
5	Yummy for the tummy. Great price, great food and great service. Always busy. Hot and sour soup great for a rainy day!
4	Wow! This place is fantastic! Be careful though...portions are huge, especially the kids menu. Everything is very flavorful, it's not covered in goo, veggies are crispy and fresh. Fast, friendly service. Check it out.
1	China A Go Go is a China A No No. Over thirty minutes late. Half the order was wrong. I had to call three times, and the quality of mediocre. Very disappointing.
4	It's a simple enough place, Americanized Chinese style dishes. That said, I've tasted worse. I tend to order pickup and they've yet to get an order wrong, which is pretty rare. Now it's possible that's because I order through Eat24 where it's all written down. The prices are fair for the portions and the service is what one would expect. Keeping in mind that most people only choose to post when they love or hate something I'm trying to give a fair middle of the road review for this restaurant. Im a vegetarian so I'm always thankful that they can swap out the chicken for tofu when requested without added charge. So yeah, middle of the road.
5	This place is great!  I have not had a dish that I did not love.
4	Continuing on the quest of finding good Chinese food in Las Vegas we tried this place. Not much aesthetically, but clean bathrooms and good food. All the workers seem to be authentic Asians and you can taste that in their dishes. I had a vegetarian chow mein and my husband had Hunan.  Both good choices.  Servings seem more of family style portions. We'll be returning :)
2	Second time eating here and ordered take out. The people were nice but we waited almost an hour for our order just to realize they forgot our appetizers. Food was decent but the potstickers were very thick and doughy. 2 of the 4 of us got sick from it. Not sure i want to go back.
5	WOW just WOW ok not the video game but food. .After struggling to find places in Az that tasted this good on first try. The Best Veggie Hot and Sour Soup everrr large flavor and sour and spicy like I like it !. Crab Rangoon was amazon done correctly can taste all the stuffing part witch is the best. Also tried the General Tso's chicken I normally rate Chinese places solely based on this dish cause I have seen it butchered alot either being a dark brown sauce or overly spicy or no sauce. I noticed right away this was good had 2 large chilli peppers in the box being a spice fan I was like yes please. Like stated these are large portion sizes so pull up your big boy pants and enjoy. I was even happy that they got all the sides like dipping sauces etc.. I got delivery and took 30 -45 on friday threw grub hub however I am shure there times vary but well well worth wait. I will try singapore noodles next ! Ohh and happy hour and lunch specials avab. this is better then panda express in my opinion
4	My go to Chinese place. Everything we've tried so far has been good.
1	I wouldn't recommend eating here. They recently were shut down with over 40 health code violations & demerits. I read about this restaurant's violations & was not only disgusted by the way they handled their food but by the way they handled receiving the demerits; they seemed more concerned that they were caught rather than the well-being of the customers that were eating there. I was so concerned & appalled I came here to write this review, hope it helps avoid someone getting food poisoning!
4	Sometimes China A Go Go gets a bad reputation for being dirty.  I've never found that to be the case at any location.  I've been eating here for years and I have come to expect consistently good food and service.  It is not uncommon for me to go into China A Go Go, place a to go order and be offered a complimentary beverage while I wait.  It never takes terribly long either. 10 or 15 minutes max.  I am always pleased with the amount of food I get.  I am sure to never go hungry when eating here.  My usual order(s) are mushu chicken, orange chicken, garlilc chicken, beef with brocoli or mongolian beef.  Sometimes I'll get a noodle dish like chicken chow fun or Singapore curry noodles.  Everything I ever get is always good.  From time to time I do get egg foo young.  This was never my favorite Chinese dish growing up as I do not care for eggs 9 times out of 10.  But here is different.  I love the egg foo young and its the gravy that makes it.  That stuff would make an old shoe taste good.  Not that the egg foo young tastes like an old shoe.  Its good on its own but stellar with the gravy.  I just want to make that clear.  The point is I've never had a bad experience here.  I've got my dad hooked on it and my grandparents really liked it too when I treated them to dinner after they drove me home from SoCal when Grey Hound over booked their bus and I could not get on.  Argh!  But that is another story in and of itself.  Lets bring the focus back to China A Go Go.  Its good Chinese food made by Chinese people unlike some other "Chinese" restaurants *cough* Panda Express *cough*
2	Meh- so many Chinese takeout places in Vegas, this one isn't the best.Lemon chicken has a hefty amount of meat (looked like three pieces pounded out, fried, and sliced) but the lemon sauce wasn't that great, didn't pack as much of a lemony punch as usual.Won ton soup had a ton of meat also, but the won tons were falling apart. Soup was packed with meat, veggies, and soggy won ton wrappers.Also ordered a milk tea boba. Not sure if it was overcooked or old, but boba was falling apart. Tea was fine, but ended up tossing the drink.Good value for the prices, I guess? But quality is lacking.
4	Delivery time was a little long, but that's a price I'm willing to pay for lazy! LoL! I ordered Kung Pao Shrimp and added mushrooms, medium spice level, brown rice, a side of egg rolls and pot stickers. My family used to own a Chinese restaurant back in the Midwest for 25 years, Chinese takeout in Vegas has been very disappointing, so this is based on that. The veggies were fresh, shrimp was large and fresh as well! Pot stickers were seemingly homemade - which I enjoyed and for the long wait time, the egg rolls were surprisingly crisp. As for the flavor, the pot stickers and the egg rolls were pretty good, the Kung Pao Shrimp was a little lack luster on depth, a bit greasy, & what I would consider a little too spicy for a diner's "regular" palate - I can handle spice though. Added some soy sauce and a bit of salt/MSG to waken up the flavor and it was okay... :/ The sides were tasty, and the visual appeal of the Kung Pao Shrimp was exciting...so I was disappointed by the sauce in this dish. I'll try a different dish next time...worth a second shot.
5	Loved it food was speedy and very delicious. I had the pad Thai noodles I got them med spicy but next time I'll get spicy. My kids got the kids orange chicken meal which comes with white rice. Overall the food was awesome and inexpensive. I will be returning soon.
5	Customer Service maaaaaatters. I was greeted and had my order taken by a man named Ommy. He was so pleasant and customized everything I wanted in my order. I always have to tweak my order for this or that reason. He was so patient! I appreciate that type of service and the food was fab.
5	Clean,food's great,employees are really nice & you can't beat their lunch special.been going here for years
5	Super fast delivery every time. Reasonably priced and every time we order they offer us a side of egg rolls or crab rangoons for free. One of the only Chinese restaurants my husband will order from.
