1	This Walmart was just like any other walmart, except, the employees were extremely rude and not helpful at all. I will no longer be going to this walmart, I will drive the extra miles to another walmart for the smiles and friendly help!!!
2	This is a new style Walmart, which makes it more aesthetically pleasing, but I usually spend a inordinate amount of time trying to find things than I would expect to be able to find anything at your average Walmart.  There are relatively long lines, although a little bit of resourcefulness (read: don't be lazy and take the first line you come to) can reduce your wait times exponentially.  Some rough people frequent this location, however, the workers are of their normal Walmart usefulness.  Sometimes it may be closed due to fire -- or perhaps just lots of firetrucks and police cars -- so take necessary precations. (Last week)
4	There used to be an old Wal-Mart in the University area that was surely one of the oldest in Charlotte.  It sure looked like it anyway.  Yet it still drew quite the crowds because of the location - in a reasonably nice shopping area, with few vacancies, easy access to highways, not a bad area of town and all that.  Until Ikea.When that store was announced just down the street, everyone jumped - even Wal-Mart.  New shops were announced, residences were planned, and one of the worst interchanges in the QC was redesigned too.  So the boys from Bentonville bucked up and built a brand spanking new supercenter just down the street and closed that OG store, at no small cost to themselves.I have no doubt that they wanted to get in on the action from Ikea - even though people trekking to Ikea do not really care for Wal-Mart all that much.  It was probably more about the redesign of the interchange and the new residences being built.  But still, what happened was they ended up blocking much of the University City access to Ikea, at least for the time being, and you still need to get to Ikea via the freeway (unless you notice the small cut-through on Brookside - I think that is the name).  Nice strategy.The store itself is pretty stock for a Wal-Mart supercenter, and if you have seen one, you have seen them all.  Plus, if you get hungry and do not feel like meatballs and lingonberry at Ikea, there is a Golden Corral attached to the very same parking lot.
4	Disclosure: I'm a former Wal-Mart "associate" (that's what employees are called) at the home office in Bentonville. So out of some sense of loyalty, I generally shop at Wal-Marts (yes, there is a dash in there) when I need stuff. But I've started to notice that the stores just aren't as nice as they used to be. And they certainly aren't as nice when you're not in the Bentonville area.This one is pretty good, as Wal-Mart's go. The place is well lit, the parking lot is clean, the carts were not scattered everywhere and the few associates that interacted with me were pleasant (the rest need to review the Ten Foot Rule: http://walmartstores.com/AboutUs/285.aspx). Like all Wal-Marts, the prices are very low and the quality tends to take a hit. But when you only need a few bits (toilet plunger, please), it tends to get the job done.I can understand why people don't like shopping at Wal-Mart (my usual one on SOUTH Tryon is such a store) but this one seems better than most. Perhaps the store manager has been better trained.
2	Two stars because it IS a WalMart therefore this location likely has every material thing anyone could ever need in life.What stops me from giving this specific location a better rating is the employees. Not to say that each of them is awful because some of them actually do give good customer service.However, there are several things about associates at this location that have me RUNNING to the Target that is only a hop, skip, and a jump away.1. There was an associate with a large tattoo across his fingers. It spelled out the derogatory term that means female dog. He waited on me in Customer Service.2. Associates with sagging pants. One guy's pants were so low, they were UNDER his buttocks. Which -- because his shirt was rather long -- would not have been visible if he didn't have to bend and reach. But he did have to bend and reach. And that's when I saw that his plaid boxer shorts were stuck in the crack of his butt.3. The associates who ARE rude, disinterested in customer care, etc. Every time I go to this location, I encounter at least a few. These are the associates who never say "Excuse me" when they are about to bump into you, either with their bodies or those mechanized pallets full of boxes. They are the associates who attempt to walk  past you as you are walking up to them with a question as well as the ones who pretend not to hear you when you walk up to them and say "Excuse me...".I have read horrible statistics on WalMart's working conditions, etc. and understand that some of the associates may not be able to give their best job performance at all times.However there are stores where employees ARE able to do so because they know if they don't, they will be reprimanded and perhaps dismissed for lack of adherence to company policy.While I don't think employees need to be frightened into giving their best, I do think one should take pride in the work one does. Especially if one wants to continues to make money doing so.I go to this WalMart for emergencies only. Thankfully those don't happen to often.
2	Although I love the prices at wal-mart. This place is jammed packed full of people, which is great. My only complaint is the lack of cashiers. Why am I standing in line for 20 minutes to pay for my grocerys when there are about ten registers that can open, and this is every single time!!!  At target I'm in and out.
3	Oh Wally World. This Walmart is something else. I've been to most Walmarts and this one was recently built. However, the area that they built wasn't the really right location. That's probably a big determinant of how good a Walmart upkeep will be and how well it will be maintained. However, I think this one has been more profitable than other ones around Charlotte just because it's close to the University and all of North Charlotte.Parking lot is well lit, parking is plentiful, and well it's a Wal Mart. I came in here to get my passport photos taken, only to realize that they didn't do passport photos (however the machines advertise that they do) and was told that Walgreens did. And so, that's where I went to get my passport photos done.Other than that, this is a pretty new store, so it's not bad and it's nice to have it around this area as college students are near and need a place to shop.
5	Great Walmart. Love the customer service here and with most of the guest you will always see someone that will make you laugh from their action or antics.
3	This Walmart is in my 'hood, so I come here often. This Walmart has no self checkout lanes, which sucks. Some nice employees, some rude employees. Unorganized as usual. So why come here? Thanks to the low prices on common items I guess. But I will say grocery shopping here will be out of the option for now on.
3	One of the busiest walmart during holiday season.. If you are shopping here for Christmas on 24 you can hardly find a spot to park you're car.....
2	I don't know if it is just me, but I seem to have bad experiences 9 out the 10 times I come here. The location is extremely crowded no matter what. The staff is not helpful, not friendly. I think the biggest issue I have is the lack of proper stocking. I know not all Walmart's will carry certain online items, but damn, I've been bit by this a half dozen times here! I mean what the hell is the point of a Superstore if I can never find my item in the store! That said, the venue itself is pretty decent and it is somewhat organized. Overall I would say it has potential to be something better than it is.
1	Avoid by any means necessary.  We always get lured in by the super cheap prices, but as soon as we get into the parking lot, we're quickly reminded of why we stayed away for so long.  The parking lot is an absolute zoo.  And if you manage to find a space to park (without getting hit or hitting some person wandering in the lot), it's even more hectic inside.  The people who shop here have absolutely no clue what's going on around them.  It's as if they all have on those blinders that they give to horses during races.  I've been hit with shopping carts, I've had families of 16 just stop and block up the entire aisle as you're trying to walk through, I've had employees rolling eyes at customers.  I've had enough, basically.Our last trip here, we decided that we would much rather pay a little bit more money and go to Harris Teeter and get much better service and a lot less stress.
4	Huge store as compared to where I come from (CA). The aisles were well organized and I found organic milk and dairy products here. The checkout process was pretty quick too!
3	It's a Wal-mart right? So you can't expect much great service. Item wise atleast is what's to come out of shopping here, you find most of what you need for an alright price. Other than that, I try to avoid coming here most of the time, and if/when I do come here, it's mainly for some sort of medicine. When I'm ready to go, 9/10 the cashier lanes packed and there are only like 7-8 of them poen out of like 20. Even the fast lanes are sometimes moving slower than the regular lanes. They need to adjust this situation... and don't even get me started with how bad they are at night!!
3	On average and always have what I'm looking for... Solid for last minute/Oh sh!t... lol.Wish there were a few more people to have help those who are lost!
1	I usually don't write review on Walmart. I mean is Walmart, you just get your stuff and go. However this Walmart is so bad that I cannot help but said something about it.I went in to return something, I was the only person in line and 3 people working. One of them was like the other girl will help you. Then they just stand there and chit chat. Finally, this other girl was like "come up"... So rudeOn my way out, I waited forever at the speeding check out line when there's one person in front of me. The cashier was discussing career option with that person. I was like come on have this conversation over lunch not at a check out line.Even the McDonald there is worsen then other. I waited 10 minutes for a ice cream cone bc the woman was on the phone and working at the same time. I rather drive few more minutes to the one over Gallerie
1	This is the worst WalMart I have ever shopped.  The parking is ridiculously impossible;  the place is always packed.  The store is not clean or organized.  The staff is extremely unhelpful and  border on outright rudeness.I would avoid this location at all costs!
4	I love WalMart and hate it at the same time. I love it because convenient, and you can get almost everything you need under one roof with good prices. I hate it because it is packed from the time they open until the time they close no matter which one you go to. The new one on Old Statesville by North Meck. H.S. is starting to by packed all the time too.
1	This location is a disgrace to the Walmart company. The staff is so rude and inconsiderate to the customer with their nasty attitude. They have absolutely no customer service skills. The checkout lines are ridiculously packed with only half of the registers open and working. The store is so disorganized that an item will be placed at a location where the price tag does not match the scanned price. Today I stopped by to do a store pick up and I was greeted with rude customer service representatives saying that the store pick up closes at 9:00 pm while the website clearly says it closes at 10:00 pm. I suggested that they fix this issue and the customer service representative rudely commented and laughed at me. I'm sorry but I'm not trying to be funny here, there's no reason to make fun of customers. I asked for a manager and the manager took care of the issue asking the customer service staff to help me with the pick up. The customer service representative continued with the attitude and seemed bothered to be doing his job. I wish I could give this location 0 out of 5 stars. This location shouldn't even be in business. They leave customers disgusted with their attitudes.
1	This is the worst walmart ever to go to. The employees doesn't know what they're doing, can't answer any questions you ask them.  They can't even work the cash register right. The electronic section is a disgrace, they know nothing about the electronics there. I don't even Know how they got hired. Shopping carts are crappy, you'd have to go thru 5 of them before you get one that works.  That's if you can find one inside the door instead of all over the parking lot. I'd drive a little further to a different one just to not have to deal with the BS.
