5	I have never really had interest in West-indies cuisine until last year when I saw Feasting on Waves, the follow up to road-food frenzy, Feasting on Asphalt with Alton Brown. Alton Brown is a Food-Porn God for his eagerness and endless knowledge of anything food and food related. But it wasn't until an episode on Food TV about a Roti Shop that it was all over for me. First of all, I just had to know what the hell a Roti - besides the obvious French meaning was - and finally delve into the world of Caribbean Goodness.It's difficult to tell how authentic a cultural cuisine is when you've never been to the source, never had the food or don't have any friends from that country, but a coworker of mine is Jamaican and swears by this restaurant so it was an easy choice for my inner-foodie to pick the Mango Bay as my first foray into Caribbean delights.As luck would have it, turns out the Mango Bay is barely over a Hop and a Skip away from work so the Monday following the Roti episode I was walking down to Mango Bay for some Wrap Roti Decadence. When they say that Caribbean food is all about heart and soul, they ain't kiddin. Because, if you don't know, a Roti is very simple yet an explosion of flavor and nothing but good eatin'; it consists of a stew of meat and potatoes in a curry based gravy all neatly wrapped in a flatbread. I, not feeling to frisky, went for the chicken wrap roti. And served with 2 carrot sticks and a soft drink for under 10$ we're talkin cheap eats also because this thing is HUGE. It was big enough that I barely finished it. But I was very satisfied. How satisfied was I? I went back the very next and this time I came back with even more friends.This time I went all out. I had a main with a soup. First the soup. A simple thick cream curry and chicken brother with thick hand cut carrot chunks and potatoes. It also included a pasta dumpling (or domplin as they say) which was unexpected and delicious. But I appreciate anything homemade and made with care. This soup definitely didn't taste like Campbell's Mmm Mmm Good crap. And weirdly the soup seems to get increasingly spicy as you eat it but this just makes it all the better.Then for the Plat de Resistance... some things exist just to tempt you into derision and this was one of them, because I was makin faces and hittin ma fist on the table during the whole meal. There's something about the sublime that makes a man act all kinds of stupid. But what can I say; a simple plate of rice and chicken was enough to push me over the border. I ordered the Stew Chicken, again lacking a sense of adventure but this time it would turn out to be an awesome compromise.The Stew Chicken is prepared by being sear or fried in a pan and then stew off in this awesome sweet, sweet rich gravy until you can simply take the meat clean off the bone with the back of a spoon. For someone who is generally bored with chicken in restaurants - I avoid it like the plague - this was by far the best tasking chicken I've ever had. Sweet, tender...I can't really explain it. This had to accompaniments.Rice and Peas prepared in coconut milk. Someone say coconut? That's right. I live for any recipe that can incorporate coconut and oh yeah this sure as hell works for me. 'nuff said about that. Fried Plantains - just kill me now - something fried never tasted so good. I thought I had eaten fried plantains before but these were so fluffy and light and exploding with that singular sweet taste that it's only weakness is its limited quantity. It's best to just keep'em on the side for the end, sort of like a mini-desert because that's kinda what they are.What I can't understand is why this restaurant isn't packed to the hilt on lunch hours with such fresh good food to be served. The place is tiny, 30 seats tops. The food is, well it's completely different from the corporate fare that can be found in the area. With big glass towers and a University Campus right on the corner, you'd believe that these low prices would attract loads of folks. Maybe they're just like I was, afraid to try new flavors but it's not so foreign either. They have grub like burgers also, there's some stuff for everyone. And be sure to say hello to Nemo at the back of the restaurant.The Mango Bay gets without hesitation 5 glorious sunsets on the beach.
5	Literally the best Caribbean food I have ever had the pleasure of enjoying. I feel relatively qualified to make this statement as I lived in Flatbush Brooklyn surrounded by caribbean restaurants.The jerk chicken hurts so good.
3	I had great expectations for this place based on the positive reviews, but I don't really think this place lives up to it. We walked in here on a Monday night and it was completely empty except for one bartender/waitress. That could either mean that the chef has lots of time lovingly preparing your dish. Or you waiting forever, cause the chef is napping in the storage room. Judging by the island theme with reggee music, tropic bar, fake palm trees and bright color theme, the possibility of the chef puffing a doobie in the back seemed more probable than average, but who am I to generalize. The waitress came over for drink orders and I tried to probe her about what the absolute must-try drinks were on the menu. That was more easily said than done so I settled on the special drink of the night which was a Lychee Martini. Was ok but not very exciting. Got the food, my bf had Jerk Chicken, I had Negril Chicken, it was spicy. Both dishes came out looking the same with a few chicken pieces in a rather thick sauce, almost gravy. Tasted good but not very integrated - more like the sauce and the chicken were made separate. My bf thought his jerk chicken had a perfumey taste, or what he described as the air freshener of a taxi cab in London. That doesn't sound so good to me but he assured me it was good (while making a face). Before the food came we ordered another round of drinks, which we didn't get until we had finished every single bite on our plate. This was because our waitress/bartender was busy making TWO drinks for about 10 minutes. Lord knows what they do on busy nights.In total 4 drinks + 2 main courses were $80. If we paid half of that, I might have returned there if I happened to be in the hood. But for those prices I think I will pass.
4	This is a pretty good Caribbean spot, and this is coming from a New Yorker. It's not your fancy upscale restaurant, but a good yucasual spot. I got the curry goat and it was fantastic. My wife got the Jerk Chicken, which was okay. The beef patties were pretty good. Truth be told, I would give it more like 3 1/2 stars, but half is not an option and 3 does not do it justice.
3	Stopped in here before a hockey game on Saturday night.  The food was better than I expected it to be.  The Goat Curry had the most tender of meat and was very flavorful.  The drawback was the pushiness of the server.  He gave (and charged) us for two $6 cocktails that we didn't order.  This was before he gave us a chance to read the menu.  He sat us at the table and then mentioned the special cocktail that they offered.  When I said that we would take a look at the menu first, he went to the bar, made the cocktails and then brought them over.I believe that this happened to everyone at the restaurant because each table seemed to have the blue cocktail.
4	Went for lunch and was impressed with how express their lunch menu was. The server made me feel like I was bugging him a bit at first but was friendly once I was leaving (maybe telling him how good it was helped my case too!). The salad was super boring but the jerk chicken was really tasty. A great find for an escape from work at lunchtime.
5	Love this place.  The goat curry, which comes with sweet potatoes and plantains on the side, is amazing.  The portions are huge too.  Friendly service with lots of ya mons  thrown in.  If I lived in Montreal, this would be my go to spot.
1	I recently went back to Mango Bay after having a good experience on my first two visits. I ended up leaving hungry, thirsty and upset that I just spent a considerable amount of money on food that I wouldn't feed a dog. I ordered the Jerk Chicken. When it arrived it did not resemble anything that looked like jerk chicken but rather very fine, rubbery  slices of breast meat with some glaze (kind of like Chinese take out). The taste was off and the texture was terrible. I double checked to see if the waiter had accidentally served me the Mango Chicken. I also ordered the Chicken Roti and planned to split my entrees with my young daughter.I who normally like a little extra salt, couldn't believe how salty this meal was. I let my husband try a small piece of potato and he immediately went for his water. He ordered the salmon and said it was okay. We were only able to share some rice and peas with my daughter.I tried to politely tell the waiter that my food was inedible and urged him to try the Chicken Curry Roti himself. He said he couldn't take the food back. He said the the manager wasn't there and the most he could do was offer me a 15% discount. He aslo explained  that the chef just warmed up my meal and that no one else complained during the day. I happen to know that 15% is a standard discount as I was given a 15% coupon card to use for a future meal on my first visit. I have had their kidney bean soup and Chicken Curry and they were both good. However, the service has always been very slow and after I ate my salt with chicken curry on it- I was very dehydrated and noticed that the waiter was rarely in the dining room. I am now wondering if there even is a chef in the back or if he is the one "warming up" the meals. I left feeling hungry  robbed (50 dollars for food I didn't eat) and thirsty. My first stop was the store across the street for a bottled water.I've lived in NYC and in Florida for several years and know what Jamaican food tastes like. It makes me sad to think that in those places you can get delicious, authentic, flavorful and fresh food very inexpensively but so far in Montreal I haven't been able to find affordable or even unaffordable ethnic food beyond one Persian restaurant, one Lebanese (with several not so good) and Vietnamese. I hope to find another Caribbean restaurant in the area.
5	We went here our second night in Montreal & our only regret is not going sooner. We had the oxtail & curry goat, and both were delicious. I'm not a spicy food eater & was still able to eat my curry bc it was so flavorful; I just kept my water close by lol. He devoured his oxtail so I'm certain he had no complaints.We ended up getting take out bc they close at 10, which was fine by us, so I don't know what the dine in service is like; but the food definitely gets 5 stars. And we are very picky with our Caribbean food being that I am West Indian & we're both from Brooklyn, where Caribbean restaurants are practically everywhere.
5	Lets start off with the service, which is by far one of the best I've had in Montreal so far (not that I'm bashing the service in the city), when we came there was only one waiter, who was really good, he kept refilling our waters, something that I havent seen in Montreal so far, and was very attentive. The food, just amazing, I'm not used to Caribbean food, but this was great, we had Mango Chicken and Chicken Fajitas, the mango chicken was great, with a very nice presentation and it was just the right amount, so that it didn't overwhelm you with the sweetness. On the side, a very tasty rice, with beans, and fried plantains. The plantains were great! The chicken was amazing, with a very natural mango taste, and cut peppers on top. Looked really cool.The fajitas were nice, with very good chicken, and some nice sauce, it came with plantains on the side.Overall, a great place to visit if you're around the area and like to have dinner listening to reggae, with good service, good food, and a relaxing ambience.
3	Food was good, but had to knock off a couple of stars due to aggressive flies. To be fair, everywhere in Montreal has had at least a couple flies this week.
5	This is the best Caribbean sit-down restaurant by far in Montreal. While there are other amazing spots in the city for Caribbean take-out like, what makes Mango Bay stand-out from it's peers are a) their mixed drinks and b) the awesome food at fantastic prices.I've come here for dinner several times and have brought friends visiting from Europe and they positively loved it as well. The drinks are very well-priced, mixed well and just plain delicious. Don't skip out and make sure to at least try their daiquiri. Go for coconut or banana.I've tried both their oxtail stew and their jerk chicken. Both are fantastic but if you're a spice freak like me, then the jerk chicken is a must. Their fried plantains are also amazing and I usually order an extra side of it. Their sweet potato pudding is also a tasty find.This isn't high-end dining and service can be a bit slow depending on how busy the restaurant is, but this is a great hidden gem in downtown Montreal to stop off either for a drink or a casual dinner and if you want to avoid the cookie-cutter franchises, over-priced burger joints and generic food courts.
1	I'm sorry but this restaurant does not pass the test for me.Not only this restaurant sucks but it's one of the worst places for customer service ever! The food tastes fine yes but the waiters are incredibly rude and so slow! In one instance last year, I ordered a chicken dish and waited for nearly 2 hours for my meal and the waiter not once apologized for the delay! He was incredibly ill-mannered and forgetful about our order. He would bring the wrong drink to our table or order to add to the delay. On top of that, the waiter was arrogant enough to demand a tip for his lousy service and it did not dawn on him that why I didn't want to tip him. No, I will not go back to this Mango Bay restaurant. Not ever. I will never give them the satisfaction or my money to their lousy business. Not to mention, the staff there are not even Jamaican, like WTF!?  False advertising.They don't even play Caribbean music in this restaurant also.Anyways, big thumbs down for me. I'm sure the ghost of Bob Marley would be rolling in his grave if he ever came to this place and dined there.
5	Excellent place.  I go here every time I'm in Montreal (which isn't that often, but still...).  I've only ever had the Jerk Chicken, because it is that damn good.  Other things on the menu look appealing, but I haven't tried them.  Also, the Jamaican Memory (alcohol drink) is wonderful.  This is not a big place.  They are easily walkable from most downtown hotels.  I've only walked here.  They don't appear to have their own parking lot, but street parking is possible.  Service is good, and food doesn't comes out in a perfectly reasonable length of time.  Worth the trip.
4	The food is great. I love their soups. There's a different soup everyday but all of them are good. I usually go during lunch and I've noticed this place is nearly always deserted. I'm not sure if it's like this for the dinner service. There is usually only one person who who works during lunch hour. I'm not sure if he makes the food as well because he disappears in the back most of the time. Last time I was here I had the chicken stew and I can't wait to have it again.
5	This was actually a bit of a dark horse during my trip to Montreal.  I did not expect to find a Jamaican joint near Le Centre Bell downtown, much less a decent/good one, but here we are.Location - On Rue Bishop between Rene Levesque and Ste. Catherine, between Metro Guy-Concordia and Metro Peel on the Green line, closer to the former.  It's a bar hopping area near le Centre Bell.  Not a conspicious place - kind of quiet, off the beaten path, next to a Middle Eastern joint (I ate there too) and an Italian restaurant.  In fact if I had to judge it only by the looks from the outside I would not have bothered.  Service - a little slow that night as there is only a single, rather busy young Indian waiter manning the helm.  He was serving the tables, mixing the drinks, settling the bills and etc, and he was actually rather courteous and friendly.  He got chatty with me after about 15 minutes.  We kinda joked about the lack of Jamaicans in the restaurant (yes, we both know that there are Chinese and Indian Jamaicans.  They were bought to the West Indies as indentured servants back in the days)The food - I had the Ackee and Saltfish (served with plantains, Jamaican sweet potatoes, Calaloo, with rice and peas), and my date had the Jerk Chicken with the same sides.  The Jerk chicken was only the breast filet (so a little questionable in strict authenticity) but it packed a good amount of smokey spicy flavor, and my Ackee was actually better than the ones I enjoyed for breakfast in Flatbush, Brooklyn (where Jamaican restaurants are on nearly every corner).  It was tender but not overcooked, well balanced with the saltfish, bell peppers, allspice, thyme, and with a hint of Scotch Bonnet pepper, so it's flavorably spicy and extremely delicious.  The plantains were sweet, thick rounds, browned on each side but not greasy.  The sweet potatoes were good, and the rice and peas have a hint of coconut and nutmeg to them.The Drinks - were tempted to order something alcoholic, but went with Sorrel (Hisbiscus tea with ginger) - was not disappointed.  That was the flavor I enjoyed  back in Brooklyn.  My date ordered Ting (Jamaican Grapefruit soda) and it went very well with her jerk chicken.Dessert - Mango ice cream for the lady (very flavorful, made with Alfonso mangoes), and sweet potato pudding for me.  It was more like a rich cake made with sweet potato.  Nutmeg, brown sugar, a little bit of rum.Value - I paid almost $35/person for a meal for 2 wth drinks and a dessert.  It's kind of expensive for a meal in Montreal compared to, say, a chicken roti or a Half Poulet avec frites et salade at Rotisserie Romado, but if you are in downtown you will probably have to pony up for everthing ($9 to13 for a meal at Boustan, Basha or Amir the last I checked).  Look - It's Montreal.  Quebec immigration requires French comprehension, thus it's not an attractive place for the Jamaicans to immigrate.  Your chances of finding a place like this is not all that high (even in Anglo areas like Westmont or Parc Extension).  This is a good solid Jamaican place, one that would do decent business if it was located in Toronto or Flatbush. However, the fact that it was located in the downtown area of a city known for its culinary accomplishments in fries+cheese curd+gravy, and this suddenly becomes a downright jewel.  I would recommend going there at least once during a visit to Montreal as a counterpoint to the local cuisine (especially some of the dreadful stuff downtown), and to go there if you are a local just to annoy your fellow Canadian guests with this foreign concept called spicy flavors.  You and your guests will be pleasantly surprised.
