5	WOW tried this for the first time last week, didn't know what i was getting myself into, but it was amazing and nearly killed me in the first 15 mins, but i want to go back all the time now. the smell when you walk in the first time is a bit much but that's gone shortly and the teacher we had was great.
2	This place stinks...literally. I mean, as soon as you walk in, your nose will be assaulted with what can only be described as "fermented feet sweat" charging from the studio straight into your lungs. Talk about shock to your senses! If you were dead, this odor would wake you.Also, the gals at the front desk could be much kinder to customers and show some enthusiasm for their job. I've heard as well as experienced their customer service...not so great.On a positive note, the teachers I've had here were wonderful, friendly, and helpful. The changing area is clean and there are two showers with shampoo dispensers.*I would easily rate this place a 3 or 4 stars if they could get rid of the carpet flooring and add fans in the studio as that would definitely help with the arresting odors.*
4	I tried Bikram Yoga today and Loved it!Make sure you drink tons of water!! It's no joke, you will be sweating like crazy! Bring your water cold :) But over all it was great
5	I love this studio. The teachers are fantastic. Yes, it does smell but it comes with the Yoga. Bikram is supposed to be hot. And because its hot it smells. The smell and the heat are just factors that you must hurdle over in order to have a good class. At first, its like "oh my god. what am i doing here? i'm an idiot for being here. it stinks. and its muggy." then in the middle of class its like "yeah, i'm gonna do this!" and the very last savasana its "holy cow. i finished without dying! i feel pretty good!" after class, you think "i feel awesome. I'm gonna go back tomorrow!" then the cycle begins all over again.the studio is super clean. there's a boutique, unlimited waters and supplements, and the staff is really nice!
5	Absolutely love it. I feel rejuvenated after every single class! The smell is something you start getting used too. Jennifer is so motivating but all the teachers are so welcoming here
3	Though the smell of the place can really get to you, the instructors here are amazing.  Down side is the people at the front desk are extremely rude and not very friendly.  If customer service were good all around I would have continued to come to this studio. But since it's all the way on the other side of town I think I'll have to opt out for a more welcoming environment.  Other than the downsides, they have a clean changing area with 2 showers where they provide body wash, shampoo, and conditioner so you can wash off all the nasty sweat after your classes. Try catching Summer and Stacy. They're both awesome in their own way.
2	I'll preface this by saying that I've been successfully and regularly practicing Bikram at the Sweat Box in Seattle for months so I am not unfamiliar or unaccustomed to Bikram Yoga.The only reason I'm not giving this place 1 star is because they were "technically" compliant with all of the requirements of a Bikram studio, beyond that the one class I took here was the worst Bikram experience of my life.Here's my laundry list of complaints(1) the room and floor STANK.  (2) The mat I rented was still soaked from someone else's sweat(3) The staff let so many people in to the class that we had just a few inches between students.(4) Several students had to get up and leave the class(5) The instructor was 100% unable to properly regulate the temperature and kept opening up the doors which would make it too cool really quickly and then shutting them and the temperature would skyrocket again.(6) The locker room was filthy(7) The staff was unorganized, rude, and inattentive.(8) The class was overpriced(9) The instructor was rudeI think that the instructors and staff at Green Valley don't understand that when you overcrowd a Bikram class to the point that students are literally on top of each other it doesn't matter if you keep the room at the proper temperature or not, the students are going to suffer. The studio here is so poorly ventilated and the class was so overcrowded that I felt like I was suffocating from all the CO2 in the air.  I understand that the Bikram method doesn't necessarily put a cap on how many students can be in a class but it is irresponsible and frankly dangerous to crowd so many students into a room like this.Needless to say I will never take another class at Green Valley and luckily was able to find a much nicer studio on the other side of town.
3	The place is over priced and so full of people that you can barely find a place to put your mat BUT you will feel amazing and be in a great mood all day after that heavenly post-workout shower.
1	Why no one has reported this business to the health department is beyond me. The place smells really bad. The floors are soaked with sweat accumulated through the many, many, many overcrowded classes they have held there over time.The teachers are a narcissistic and self involved. They dont much help anybody with the movements and go about conducting the class, going through the different poses as if they were the only ones in the room!
3	I can vouched everything that other yelpers had mentioned of this place, from good to bad.The BAD-Carpet STANK.  Smelled like dried-up dead fish up in that room.  I have been to Hot Yoga in Spring Valley, and I don't remember the smell being bad at all.  They used mat where they can easily uncover the floor to clean which I appreciate very much, ever since I attended Bikram Green Valley.  Here, you can see people's sweat on the carpet and it's hard not to avoid since there is little room to walk around since it's so packed...eek-SOME front desk people are not the friendliest.  Some of those ladies can definitely work on their attitude.-Water fountain...umm, I don't really like the taste of water coming out of the water fountain.  Hot Yoga has a water cooler w/purified water for the yogis.The GOOD (or slight improvements)-Instructors are very motivating and friendly-After coming here for 3 more times, the smell wasn't as bad since I have expected that stench.  You will come to find that the practice is just that awesome that you will try not to think of the stench too much...at least for me it did...Overall, Bikram yoga is wonderful...definitely recommend the practice to everyone.  If you can withstand stinky smell and some major attitude issue, then give this place a try.
4	I had never  done Hot Yoga before. My sister was saying how great it is. I  was like, "um okay mmhmm" . Then another person told me about it and another person. So, being here only  11 months i decided to look up where a place that offered hot yoga.  It is like right down the street from my apts.  SO i went this past  Sunday. I read all the reviews here. I did notice the smell, but it did not last long.  The room is  kept at 105 degrees which is noted on their website. I read everything before coming in. They have you fill out a small form  when you get there, or you can print it out on line. Then the girls at the front desk sign you in.   I signed up for the new unlimited for 40 dollars for new student package.   I  got in there and man it was hot! However  I am one who thinks she does not sweat a lot.  Well I learned that I surely do. I went to the 1pm class. I cannot remember the guy's name but he was good.  We went through all the poses. I was ready to run out screaming!!  I was glad I did not. I made it through. If i did not feel I could do the pose after trying it one or two times i stood still and took a breath until the pose was complete. I was glad to take  water .  Make sure you bring a lot of water and  your own mat and towel. I got my mat at Target for 9 bucks.  If you bring your own stuff you don't have to worry about anyone else's sweat  but your own.  To me, it was clean in there. Its small, but it was clean.  There were a lot of people in my class, which  I guess is okay, i wish they'd walk around more to help especially new people, learn the poses and help with it a little more. I know Yoga is all about yourself and doing your personal best, but I also want to get the most out of the class as possible.  At first i was like " This is not for me!" But the more i talk about it and tell people I did it, and how proud I am of myself that I did not pass out, i did not embarrass myself, and I really actually DID IT!! , made me want to go again. So my goal is to try to do ALL the classes I can . The lady called me from Bikram today to ask me how I liked it and they did not see me back. I told her that once my 3-5 day friend leaves, I'll be back and doing the nigh time classes. Look i work 9-5 and I want to be healthy. I hear this stuff makes you look good and feel good. And I'd rather do this than run around and get hurt. Try it. I liked it.  If your body is able to withstand the heat, and you are healthy enough for this kind of work out, just do like i did. TRY IT! and if you don't like it, i hope you find someplace else that you do like.So far, this is a good place .. :)
5	I really liked this studio. People have complained that the front desk folks aren't friendly enough but frankly I don't need people to be super chatty with me in order to provide good service. Especially when I need to get to work and just want to get in and get out.This studio offers a lot of different class times to suit your schedule. At time classes are very full, but I never went to a class so full that it disrupted my practice.Additionally - they JUST GOT NEW CARPET a week or two ago. So keep that in mind when you are considering the smelly carpet reviews.
3	This is a pretty nice studio.  They just recently replaced their carpet...so it wasnt as smelly as the first day i walked in there...and the desk workers were nice.
1	Tried to redeem a voucher I purchased on Living Single, they denied it. Instead they tried to upsell me to pay twice what I paid on Living Social. They also wouldn't refund the price of the voucher.
5	I love this Studio ..Nice n Clean with Friendly Staffs
2	They need to get rid of the carpet (HAVING CARPET IN A BIKRAM STUDIO IS CRAZY), and ask guests to dry off so they don't leave puddles as they walk.  Also, the teacher could suggest modifications for people with injuries.
3	Ok so I'm deducting a point for the facility and another just for the fact that the smell of b.o. PIMP SLAPS you in the face as soon as you walk in. But I've scammed through the reviews so I knew what to expect. This is my 2nd bikram studio. With "Bodyheat hot yoga and Pilates" being my 1st I may be a little spoiled. That being said, sure the carpet has tape on it, you think twice about showering here, and you're packed inside the locker room like sardines, but the actual workout itself kicks ass! It's like taking your car to a car wash in the ghetto. You hate driving over there for the fear of being shot, but they do such a great job at such a great price that you risk your life anyway. A diamond in the rough. Drop in classes are $20 but free the 1st time if you have friends or fam that are already members.My advice: Slum it for the day and get your workout on. If the pros don't outweigh the cons, grab your crap and run.
2	In Vegas during week of July 4th to visit family and friends. I travel frequently and always workout in whatever state I am in. I am not new to Bikram Yoga and am cognizant of the etiquette as it pertains to this practice. What I didn't anticipate was the awful traffic in Vegas ( I have not lived here for a very long time) and I was late to class while they were still doing the first set of breathing. I asked the staff at the desk if it was okay if I could still go in and was told yes. What I didn't anticipate or appreciate was being singled out by the instructor twice in the beginning and middle of class about how some instructors would have locked me out of class for being late. I apologized profusely and finally told her there was a horrible accident and again how sorry I was to her and the others in the class for disrupting their practice. Unfortunately, this experience was unpleasant and disappointing. Will try a different studio next visit. One bonus though, loved having the ceiling fans turned on at different times of the class.
4	I spent 8 months at Bikram Yoga Green Valley and got in the best shape of my life.  Unfortunately, I cannot afford it anymore (the time or the money) and haven't been in a while.  I would, however, recommend this place to anyone who wishes to find that "next level" of fitness.  It is truly astounding what you can achieve.  It has been the only exercise that helped with my lower back injury.  The staff is very helpful, and if you are new you won't be intimidated.   The only real drawback is that the smell of a hot room full of sweaty bodies can be difficult to deal with.  It is worth the effort, and hopefully I will go back some day.  A really cool experience in a very hot room!
5	Bikram Yoga Green Valley has recently gotten a new floor and it is an entirely different experience than most of the reviews here. I am giving them 5 stars, though I am deducting a half-star by the recent fishy-looking reviews and for a couple other details outlined below. The first thing that is important to know is that Alana is great and if you are a first timer you should go for her. She will make sure that you are doing a-okay without drawing all the attention to you. The teaching schedule is available online, and I would highly recommend going with her or Stacey for your first class. The next thing that you should know is that, in my experience, the eco flooring makes the room even more hot, so you need to be drinking even more water before, during, and after class. The best thing I can suggest is freezing a bottle of water or two and letting it melt during class. I would also recommend bringing a smaller towel for the bottom of your mat, because if your feet end up touching the floor during the floor series, the tops of your feet will think the floor is asphalt. And you will hate everything. Trust. When they took out the old carpeting, they took the smell of last month's moist hockey skates with it. It is a pleasant experience entering the studio now, where before you had to concentrate on not gagging on the stench.The biggest piece of advice I can give to newcomers in general is: If the teacher is telling the class to breathe, to not hold breath in, to not grunt, to not make sounds, THE TEACHER IS TALKING TO YOU. It is extremely distracting to those around you to hear "PAAAAH. MMMMMM. WHOOOOSHHHHH. PPPPPPHHHHTTTTT." Imagine balancing on one set of toes when the person in front of you is making, how shall we say, "bedroom noises." Don't. Just don't. You're also making it a lot harder on yourself to hold in your breath and struggle to breathe. Focus less on the pose and more on the breathing--your fellow students will thank you. :o)Everyone at the front desk is great, and wants to be there. I have had a variety of teachers as well (most of them double at the front desk as well) and enjoy most. Most teachers and desk workers I have seen in classes, which I think is really awesome that they care about the work they are doing. There is one teacher, whose name I won't mention, who does not turn on the fans regularly, causing the temperature to get to an unbelievably uncomfortable level when coupled with the hotter new floor. I have been practicing this type of yoga for a few months (my check-ins don't indicate every time I've been to the studio, FYI) and this particular teacher lets the room get far hotter than the rest. However, everyone else is great and good at inspiring you to be your best.And now for some cons: -The locker room area is tiny. I come dressed so that I don't have to worry about getting up into everyone's pre-yoga space.-Weekend classes are lacking. They still have classes then, but not as many as during the week. -This is a Bikram-in-general con, but you will start to smell like a straight-up pet store towards the end of class. Just a fair warning. But if you can trudge through molasses and withstand the grunts and sweat pouring out of every crevice, you will be so thankful.I am sleeping better, eating better, feeling better inside and out. Bikram Yoga is hard, but with practice it becomes easier and well worth it.Edit: I also forgot about Stefan until this morning. He's also bomb so try taking a class with him, too.
4	Would like to say Ive been going here on and off for about a year. Yoga was awesome, smell was not. But.....they got a whole new kind of floor (eco flooring or something) and the smell is gone!!! Hooray. I also think the staff is super friendly and the locker rooms are super clean...if they could only be bigger and easier for everyone to shower this place would be perfect!PS I will agree with the last review the new floor gets hot!
4	Overall, I think the studio was great.I had never tried yoga before, so it was definitely a memorable experience, considering the intensity of bikram. I joined a friend in a class, and the staff was very friendly. The instructor for that day was extremely warm and welcoming and made sure that I felt comfortable in the studio, placed my mat in the room for me, etc. My friend was also rewarded because of the "referral" and received a free class voucher. For the amount of sweating that happens in the studio, the smell really was not bad. Obviously you could tell that there had been many people sweating in it, but given those circumstances, I was impressed that the smell did not knock me out. I've also heard that they replace the studio flooring every couple of months or so.During the class, the instructor was very encouraging and pushed people to do better: deeper breathing, slight adjustments to posture, etc. Even though there were at least 20-25 other people in the room, the instructor still managed to pay attention to everyone.After the class, I felt very calm and rejuvenated. The class itself was intense. I had not eaten properly before the class, so I did end up feeling light headed and almost passed out during the class from a combo of not eating prior and the high heat and humidity. I enjoyed the yoga part, but ultimately decided that the bikram part was not for me. The only reason for not giving the studio a full 5 star rating is simply because I did not like the heat, but the staff and the studio was great!
4	On your first visit, both a mat AND a towel are complimentary (to rent). Bring at least 16 oz of water (I brought 32 oz) as it is hot and you will be drenched in sweat. I liked the 7:30 pm class, but I believe all the classes would be exceptional. The employees are all very nice and helpful.
3	They got rid of the carpet  so I gave them another chance.  So much better!  However: (1) they need to clean the floor more regularly; (2) the people attending should use their towels to clean up the puddles they just leave behind; (3) there should be paper towels and cleaner available like they do at the gym  (sometimes there are piles of hair and other nasty things around that I am not interested in practicing on); and (4) women's shower area is way too small.
4	Africa hot, that's Bikram yoga for you.  That, as well as dizziness, nausea, and the feeling that you're going to suffocate and die if you don't run out of the room.  It's 90 minutes of 26 poses, 2 breathing exercises, sweat, and smells of those around you; even sounds that you don't want to hear.  You get the idea, but people keep going back for more.  I am one of those people, but usually only when there's a Groupon to be had.  I started taking Bikram classes off and on about two years ago, when I could squeeze it in between training for endurance events.  Every time I take a break and go back, it means starting from scratch and today's class was Day 1 again.  All I can say is that I survived and did not faint.  I know what to expect and it's still hard as hell.  This studio has changed since I took a drop-in class here last year, and for the better.  Instead of carpeting, there is now a hardwood floor, which means less smell and that's a good thing indeed.  The 7:30am class was taught by Stacey Shea, the owner, and she was very welcoming and friendly to me as well as my pal Ofie, who was trying Bikram for the first time ever.  Throughout the class, Stacey would give pointers to Ofie and encourage her through poses, as well as call on me to fix whatever I was doing wrong (when I wasn't kneeling on the floor, trying not to die).  Ofie and I both walked out in one piece, about 2 pounds lighter from the water loss, feeling like warriors.  Bikram is not for the faint of heart and I dare you to take a class if you haven't--you will not be the same person you were when you walked in.  The Green Valley studio is a great place to check it out:  clean, nice ambiance, and friendly, supportive staff.  We'll be back next week to put ourselves through another 90 minutes of physical and mental work.  Namaste.
5	This is one of the best yoga studios I've been to.  True, it used to be quite smelly with the carpeted flooring, and extremely stuffy, but the owner has been really aggressive with putting money back into the studio, in the form of exhausts, which bring in fresh air, and more importantly, hardwood floors, which have completely removed the odor.  I've been at various bikram studios across the country, and I'd consider this studio (with the renovations) on par with places like Bikram Yoga Redmond (in WA).The owner also is quite good about getting feedback from students on things, such as the schedule of classes.I've been practicing at this studio for about a year and have been quite happy with the facilities and teachers.
4	Had my first ever Bakram yoga class today.  It was hard.  I was really fearful going in and not knowing what to expect.  I think the biggest fear was the 90 minutes and breathing.  Well, I survived.  The teacher was very nice.  She made sure that I knew she was there for me without calling too much attention to me.  No doubt the moves were hard.  (I have lost so much flexibility!)  I did the best I could, stayed at it, and took breaks from the moves.  I am motivated to try again.The studio was clean and nice looking.  The floor did get hot, but not so hot that it hurt my feet to be on it when I was on my stomach.  I don't think there is a "good" place to be in the studio.  The back is closer to the humidifiers.  The front is too far from the door in case you have to bail.  I was concerned that I would be in a room filled with skinny yoga experts.  While the attendees all seemed to give it their best effort, there were people of all experience levels and sizes.  I did not feel out of place.My one thought for newbies.  Don't try too hard in the beginning.  You need to pace yourself to make it 90 minutes.
4	Amazing! Had my first ever Bikram class yesterday. The staff is friendly. I had Jen as my instructor who, btw, was great. It's a very clean and relaxing environment. While walking in, I saw two young ladies looking like they were about ready to pass-out in the lobby. Though it was difficult, the instructors and your fellow Yogis will make you feel just fine. Overall amazing experience and I will be returning!
3	This location is close to my house, but I have been driving across town to another studio because of the smell. Yogis, you know what I'm talking about.Other than the mildew/sweat smell in the practice room, this studio is pretty nice. Cute decor, clean restrooms/showers, and friendly staff. I am excited to try out the new floors... but a little scared of it being even hotter than usual.I will update my review after my first class back.
4	I belong to a Bikram studio in Santa Barbara that I have been going to for a year. Not until I walked in to this studio, however, have I had the instructor take their time to correct my postures and ensure I was doing them correctly and to the best of my ability. No Bikram practitioner practices for the heck of it, we all want a challenge and to grow in our practce and I felt the detailed instructions and coaching were VERY helpful. I WILL be in when I am in Henderson, again. Thank you for everything!
4	Great place to work out! The classes vary a lot between the different teachers. It takes a while to get used to their styles but it is nice to change up the pace day-to-day when you have someone different instructing. My favorite so far is definitely N'Zinza because of her positivity, high energy style and good motivation. The place itself is overall a clean and friendly environment.
4	I had not been to a hot yoga class for over 4 years until this past weekend as part of my 10k training regimen. Matt at the front desk was very friendly and informative.  Stefan, the yoga instructor, was attentive throughout the 90 minute class to 1) make sure I didn't pass out and 2) make sure my form and breathing techniques were correct.  The room is hot, but the instructor constantly monitors the class and adjusts the temp as needed. I would suggest bringing an extra towel to sit on for your drive home if you do not shower off at the studio... you sweat ALOT!!
5	I wanted to try yoga for the longest time.  A friend had started going here and invited me along.  Am I glad she did!  The yoga room and facilities are clean and kept nicely.  The instructors are fantastic!  The class itself is great!  Even working out at the gym, I don't think I've ever sweat that much in my life.  For a beginner, they help you along and don't make you feel uncomfortable.  There are all shapes and sizes that take the class.  It's a great group to be included in!
5	I have done Bikram before when I lived in Northern Nevada and wanted to get back into it.  Green Valley offered a Groupon and I jumped at the chance to start up again. Check in is easy and the place is clean.  The room itself is warm and steamy just the way it should be.  The instructors are all helpful and constantly monitoring to make sure no one passes out.  When those classes get to be people practically on top of each other these guys really have to be on their toes. The others who take the class are all really welcoming and as at other Bikram sites, nonjudgmental.  We are all into get our sweat on together.  Don't be afraid if you can't do all the poses or if you need to lay down to get your bearings again, it is all part of experience.  I am happy I found this place and have gotten several of my friends to join me for a total group gathering.
3	I am so done with Bikram. My downgrade comes for these reasons: 1 star knocked off for this absolutely horrendous parking lot, and the other knocked off for the facility, staff, and practice of Bikram itself. Let's start with the parking lot. It is possibly the worst parking lot in Henderson, with its millions of entryways and no stop/yield signs. Everyone has the right of way. As I was walking out to my car for the last time in this studio, there was a pretty serious crash. Solidified my feelings for this studio's location. Now onto the second downgrade--the facility and practice itself. When I initially rated this place 5 stars, it was the only hot yoga I knew. Now that my eyes have been opened to other types of hot yoga/Pilates, I can't remember why I came back to practice this militant yoga. (Oh now I remember--thanks a lot, Groupon.) I still definitely believe in the principles behind the heat, but the rest of the Bikram philosophy--pass. There is zero room for modification in Bikram. My knee hurts, okay? I'm going to lay down the way I want to with my knee resting the way that feels good for me. I'm not big on rules, and Bikram certainly has a lot of them. If you try to modify the poses in a way that makes your body feel good, you will be pointed out and corrected. In vinyasa yoga, the teacher leads you through practice. In Bikram, you are commanded through practice. It's a big difference to someone who tries to work on herself personally and spiritually during yoga practice. None of this is the fault of this particular studio, of course. This is just my larger complaint about Bikram in general. Also Bikram the person is a capitalist, misogynistic sexually assaulting pig and I can't support him anymore. But back to specific complaints about this studio. The new flooring is way too hot--it's like asphalt in an already hot room. The changing rooms are too small, the showers are frequently out of shampoo/conditioner/body wash, and the front desk workers are often too busy talking amongst themselves to get you checked in. There also has been a huge staffing change as far as teachers go, rendering most of my previous review out of date. Maybe I'm being a bit too harsh on the studio, but for the most part over the course of this Groupon, I have felt anger when leaving the studio instead of the inner peace and lightness I'm used to in hot vinyasa. ProsFree week for your birthdayKelsea momentarily restored my belief in Bikram as a practiceStacey is super nice and even guided me through my first day back practicing when I nearly passed outConsWell, you know.
4	Bikram Bikram Bikram ...This type of yoga is miserable no matter what you do. It is hot and sweaty and well basically if you have ever feared about going to hell going to one of these Bikram Yoga classes is what I would imagine hell is like. Although, Bikram is brutal it is totally worth the pain. I lost some weight with only 3 classes! Each class is 90 minutes and you do 26 poses. It is in a room that is heated to 105 degrees and 40 % humidity. I have done Bikram in the past in other yoga studios but what I really like about this studio is that it has hard flooring instead of carpet. I have been to several other studios but most have carpet and the odor from all the sweat is so nauseating. I do not get that nasty BO punch in the face when walking through the doors to get into the studio. The biggest problem with the hard flooring is that is get way hot and it hurts to step off the yoga mat. The instructors are usually pretty nice and encourage you to do your best. The poses can get pretty hard so it is nice to have someone there to motivate you to push yourself. I do have one complaint though. There was one time that I felt like I was about to faint (which is normal in Bikram) and I really wasn't feeling good. I rolled up my mat because I honestly did not feel like I could survive the class and wanted to leave. The yoga instructor was not very sympathetic and made be put my mat back and stay in the class. Don't get me wrong I understand that their job is to push you to do your best but I was really feeling sick and I was upset that she embarrassed me in front of the class and forced me to stay. Although that was highly annoying I would suggest going to this yoga studio just make sure that you are very hydrated before entering the class.
1	Maybe it's particular practice of this yoga, but it was probably one of the worst experiences with a yoga studio I've had the misfortune of patronizing.  First, you get lulled into a false sense of security when the instructor asks who is new to the class.  Now usually when this happens, the instructor wants to seek out newbies to assist them.  Ok, not in this case.  They point you out whenever you're having a hard time keeping up, when your form is off, when you're taking a sip of water rather than proceeding to the next pose.  Then they call you out for being new practitioners in front of everyone, embarrassing you, and then expect you to come back.  This not only happened to me, but I witnessed it happen to 3 other people the last time I attended.  Secondly, I understand this is bikram yoga, but something has to be done about the musty, crowded rooms and poorly-maintained floors.  The room smells like a wet dog whose stank just envelopes your nostrils and makes an extended stay.  All in all, this place sucks and I am upset I even wasted $30 on the Groupon. P.S. the parking lot indeed, sucks.  Each time I went without getting in an accident was a feat in itself.
3	One of the worst yoga practices of my life! The instructor was militant, telling you not to sip your water, push through the heat, don't leave the room, all the while trying not to puke.  I give more stars than i would for the class because the facility was very nice. Marble like counter tops, showers (tho only 2 showers and 30 hot & sweaty women!), lockers supplied and a slice of watermelon after class :)I will not return.
2	Not for me.I had never done yoga before I came here. I bought a Groupon for one month unlimited sessions. I came here excited to start a journey in yoga, however, this place managed to kill my enthusiasm. My first class was fine. It was a male instructor. He was reassuring and encouraging, however I did feel a little sick after the class. I've done some intense workouts before (circuit training, Insanity, 5-mile runs) and have never felt sick before. I don't like the idea of feeling sick after a workout.My second class was with a different instructor. She pretty much turned me off to wanting to go back. She was so bossy and rude and was lecturing first-timers on what they should wear. I'm all for giving newbies direction, but the way you say things can turn people off, especially if it's their first time. She also got after me because I used a towel to whip sweat out of my eyes. She said it was a waste of energy and it was affecting my poses. I wanted to tell her, "This is my second class. I got through it without throwing up. Leave me alone!" She also kept talking about how she teaches biology. We don't care. Stick to yoga and help new people with poses.I was so turned off after that class, I have not gone back and really wish I had not bought a month-long Groupon. Waste of money.
5	I have been doing Bikram Yoga for a few years and been going to this studio for 8 months. All the teachers are great and they always care about every student in the studio from beginners to the experienced. I feel I am always get helped to improve my postures because even when there are many first-timers in the class that the teachers have to pay extra attention to for their safety (seriously, you can pass out and fall on the floor if you do something wrong), I still get corrections, compliments or comments on my postures.They often have guest teachers or new teachers who teach for a certain period of time in addition to regular teachers, and I really like that too because taking a class with a different teacher is always a different experience and I can find something new. They are always trying to improve the service. Recently 60 mins of express classes are added, and they decided the time of those express classes based on survey from students. 90 minutes is a big commitment (I think all Bikram Yoga classes in the world are 90 mins of series with same postures except advanced ones), so it is very nice that you can take a quick class at lunch time or before work. I have been to a couple of other Bikram yoga studios when I traveled to different cities / countries but Bikram Yoga Green Valley is the best!Oh, and they have a beautiful hard wood floor in the studio while most of other studios have carpet floors. I cannot go back to a stinky carpet studio anymore!!
5	Of course you can't modify poses and stop during the middle of an exercise, it's a disciplined practice. This isn't a free for all. Maybe it's just the trained ballerina in me that knows what it takes to suffer through a 90 minute workout, but why is everyone who's given a negative review such a weenie? You're asked not to leave the room because it's too hard on your body to keep adjusting to the temperatures. Not to mention the fact that you're making the room cooler for anyone who happens to be near the door. The instructors are there not to single you out during your first class, but to encourage you to try and persevere through. The studio is a lot nicer and way more clean than other hot yoga/Bikram studios in town. The instructors are all friendly, and if you can't take a few corrections, take your ass back to the YMCA.
4	Positive review here from a newbie (to yoga and whatnot)So we were kinda scurrred to go but did the "Friday night date night" for $5 each. BEWARE!!! This will nullify your "new student status" and any discounts unless you sign up right there and then!!!! BEWARE!! **this includes groupons/yada yada**Beyond that it was pretty good! The instructor "Tony Jo"??? Was very easy going and didn't "pick on" anyone really. My wife went again and the instructor she had that next time was NOT so great. So yes, a lot of the reviews are not so hot (see what I did there?) but I'd say it's mostly which instructor you get. Also the instructor (regardless of who) talks throughout the WHOLE class. The only positive part is that the script is the same and so are the poses...
5	I found this studio through Groupon. I recently moved from Los Angeles and I had only practiced Bikram once. After reading some of the reviews I became scared and begrudgingly went to my first class. This changed my life! Belonging to this studio has enhanced my Vinyasa practice and my life in general! I feel taller, happier and focused! I'm able to be in present. For someone with ADD this is quite difficult.  Although Bikram carries a variety of mental and physical benefits this studio is specifically special. The instructors are understanding and supportive. They encourage pushing the limits. We do come here to change, right? I have found a yoga home in this studio. Namaste.
5	Ive been coming here for the past 4 years and if you've ever even thought about coming here.... try it! Even if it's just once! I was so nervous and skeptical my first class and had no idea what to expect but afterwards I never felt so proud of myself and so accomplished and in love with my body... and I still feel that way after every single class. I'm dissapointed that some folks on here haven't had positive experiences with some of the instructors... each one brings something different to the practice and i would urge everyone to have an open mind and heart when it comes to the different nuances with each one. Although it's the same 26 postures and 2 breathing exercises... each class is totally different based off of your mood, your mindset, your body, the energy in the class, and the personalities of the instructors etc etc etc... thats what makes it great!!This is a very open judgement free zone... I've never felt self-conscious once here and I've practiced at other studios where I've felt uncomfortable. The instructors and reception staff,especially Matt,  take the time to learn your name and are always so willing to talk to you about different postures and give tips and advice. It really becomes a community and Stacey Shea, the owner, works really hard at instilling that by being very accessible (she teaches too) and even hosts dinners at local restaurants every few weeks---which is a fun way to get to know the people you may see on a regular basis but never really talk to!You have to really prep though for class which means keeping yourself hydrated the day and night before class and then hydrating properly after class. I've had some friends get light headed because they hadnt eaten anything before class and I find that a small snack (banana, a yogurt, an apple, some nuts, a small amount of oatmeal) an hour or so beforehand is good but that will be something you may have to play around with. Dont be discouraged though if after one class you feel great and another you feel like you got hit by a bus... it's all part of the practice!The currect teachers:Pamela Heard- so enthusiastic and always complimenting the class on how great they are doing... she's a sweetheart and her classes are so funLiliya Oliver- She holds the postures for the most perfect amount of time... and you'll get to hear her count in Ukranian and RussianEmily Deasy- She teaches the advanced class as well and you will learn boat loads from a single class....she has very unique tips and such a fantastic understanding of the practice. She will correct people's postures and will sometimes demonstrate too. I've learned so many new things from her even after practicing for 4 years.Jerry Runnells- he's so zen and peaceful...his classes breeze by because you really start to meditate through each posture.N'Zinza Washington- she's leaving soon so take her class if you can now! She's a firecracker and burst of energy. Her classes are so energizing and fun. You'll find that you've laughed or smiled through half the class and not really know why. Stephan Ralescu- I had the pleasure of taking a friday morning class with him and there were only about 5 other students. He walked in between each of us and corrected postures and broke down a few poses. I think I learned more in that 90 minutes than I did the first two years of practicing. He's a great teacher and you will learn so much from just one class. Kristina Algerio- Her voice is so soothing that you really concentrate on each word she is saying which helps so much when practicing when you really concentrate on the dialogue which will tell you 99% of what you need to know to do the posture correctly. Jennifer Boushy- Sometimes I plan my day around taking her class. She's made me cry twice in class, not from the postures but because she said something that completely touched my heart (She was talking about the monkey that sits on your shoulder that tells you you're a piece of shit and you tell it to shut up and not believe it) She also has a beautiful singing voice and may even serenade the class if you're lucky. She brings an amazing amount of knowledge to each posture especially if you have injuries. Toni Jo Wilgar- She is very tuned into her classes and I feel like she can sometimes read my mind when I need a little fan action. She can tell when people are struggling a little bit or when people are feeling energized and adapts her class to that. I absolutely love this studio and the instructors. This practice will challenge you in ways you didn't think possible but it's all worth it!Give this studio a try.... it may not be for you... but if it is and if you let it... it will change your life.
5	This place is seriously amazing. It's the best and worst thing I do everyday. Classes are hard and if we're being honest I almost walk out every time. But I've found my favorite teachers and I stick to those classes. They help you push through it and I make it. And when I leave I feel absolutely amazing. And I keep going back for more"
4	Fantastic Yoga Studio! My girlfriend had first brought me to the yoga studio a little more than a year ago, and after that I was hooked! I got the groupon for one month unlimited and went five times a week as well as going to the gym, I had never felt so great about my body/health in my life. The instructors are more than helpful just push yourself and stay focused the class.  I will say the first few times are the biggest challenge as you have to adjust to the heat of the room and get comfortable with the poses. Though this yoga studio is truly great, my largest problem is the pricing. I understand that this is not a common service found in Henderson so there is a lack of competition and the studio is able to function as they like, but if the prices were more competitive with the likes of all the gyms in henderson, this place would be a lot more popular.  I am a college student, and even though there's a 15% student discount, I absolutely cannot afford to pay the membership, and very intimidating for anyone not within a good standing to commit to. Of course I would pay if I had the means, but to me the prices aren't friendly enough for me to make the commitment. Being that the space is small, I question why the rates are so high. Maybe the instructors get paid really well? Maybe the maintenance costs a lot? Any way I seem to rationalize it doesn't seem to add up. If Bikram Yoga Green Valley could offer better rates, I will be the first to sign up, but until then I shall be only going every six months waiting for every groupon to come out.
3	The place looks nice, and Matt at the front desk is very helpful and kind. Maybe if Bikram is your thing you would love this place, however, the practice is not for me. It's very militant, and quite frankly, I don't know how people go for years doing the same 26 poses with no variation (and the same script from instructors across the country) and not want to gouge their eyes out. My first class wasn't the best experience either, with the instructor calling me out in front of everyone (definitely not the way I learn, a quiet personal correction would have been fine). Additionally, although there are friendly people who attend, I had some fanatic sit by me who proceeded to try to lecture me throughout class. Finally, after learning about the very un-yogi like Bikram Choudhury, I have little interest in patronizing actual Bikram establishments, sorry. That said, Pamela and Jennifer, 2 other instructors I took classes with, were much more friendly than the first one I had.Conclusion: I gave this place 3 stars because if you're a Bikram fan, it's nice, clean, and most of the instructors are friendly. However, I just can't get behind Bikram yoga, as a practice, or the name behind it.
5	This is my fifth studio I have practiced at in my 4+ years of doing Bikram Yoga and I can honestly say this is one of the best studios around!  From the instructors, the front desk people, to the owner, all are very friendly and knowledgable, not only about Bikram Yoga, but just life in general.  If you are looking for a great workout in a welcoming environment, Bikram Green Valley is for you.
5	Bikram is not simply an exercise or a temporary meditative escape for me.  People ask me if I'm on the 30 or 60 day challenge.  The answer is neither.  It's a life style for me.  Therefore, like any daily routine, you wish to associate yourself with places that are welcoming and positive.  From your favorite coffee place to your local nail salon.  I just moved here about 2 1/2 months ago and have been gradually figuring out where these places are.     Like I said before, Bikram is a part of my daily routine and when I first moved here, I immediately started my search for a studio.  It was difficult because I had come from a studio that was so dear to me.  The people were amazing and it was like a second home.  So, I decided that I would try out a few studios before I finally settled into a monthly plan. Bikram Yoga Green Valley was the second studio that I practiced at  and I knew almost immediately that I had found a great new thing.  The teachers and students all exhibit such positive energy.  In addition to the amazing people, the studio is also incredibly nice.  Hell, they even roll up real towels in the bathroom for you to dry your hands.  My last studio didn't even have a bathroom in it. You had to walk out into the hallway.  Conclusion?: I highly recommend this studio to experienced practitioners and new students alike.  P.S. They also provide amazing options for massage and other healing services.  I recently had a massage from Farrokh and it was perfection.  It was quite possibly the best massage that I have ever had.  --So, if you live close or are simply a Bikram student visiting from out of town, stop by and sweat with no regret! You'll love it. **guaranteed
5	OMG !!  Have you tried the new Xpress class with STEPHAN?!  He is unbelievable!! Normally classes are 90 minutes and you do all the poses twice. In the Xpress class it's a little different. The pace is a bit quicker and Stephan has a magic way of helping you keep in the poses longer. Less time invested with tremendous benefits!! Stephan is a very intelligent young man who invests a great deal of time thinking about the class he will teach. He is sooo present.  His attention to detail is amazing and is very generous with his coaching and assistance,,,Check him out at the 11;30  class...what a body too!! WOW!!
2	I have been practicing Bikram yoga for 7 year and have traveled to many studios around the country. I have not been to this studio for a few years as I do not live in LV. It is a nice clean and friendly studio but do not think I will be going back due to how hot the floor is. I love the heat of a studio and that is what i love about this yoga, but have never been to a studio that has this type of heating system. They must have radiant heat in the floors. In the standing poses my feet were literally burning through my towel and mat. . Laying on the floor the tops of my feet felt like they were burning and that was through my towel and mat again.  When you have your arms out for airplane it was very uncomfortable. It is unbearably uncomfortable so will most likely not return.
5	Stacey Shea is the owner of  this wonderful yoga studio. Stacey also teaches on a regular basis. Stacey is by far the most exquisite example of grace and poise, and kindness. The studio is beautifully decorated, always very clean, fresh cut flowers at  the entrance occasionally and Stacey always has a  smile for everyone and magically has time to listen to everybody's story.Stacey has made sure that the studio is not just a place where you come do yoga, but you also feel you are part of a community.  There are all sorts of therapeutic activities to choose from, yoga, life coaching, massage, nutrition and more.Stacey's a wonderful yoga teacher. Her voice is very beautiful and pleasant, each word is well enunciated and clear. Her tone and pace change with the different poses during the class, and she emphases certain moments when you really need a push by accelerating her delivery. This may seem weird to write about but I can tell you that from a students point of view, when you are feeling like you cant do more...the right teacher using the right vocal technique can make ALL the difference. Your practice improves very quickly if you listen to each word of the delivery and that is easier to do when the teacher speaks clearly. Stacey does this with great skill. And she also has a wonderful sense of humor. Very important . Laughter helps you relax, relaxation helps your postures.....Stacey's knowledge of yoga is tremendous an well as having been a very successful dancer and model. No matter what your background she will be able to help you use that history to grow into yoga and improve and heel your body.Stacey knows every students name and story. You are treated as an individual here. This is important to help you feel like coming back over and over even when you don't feel like it. She will at times give individual attention to a student, often she will say peoples name in class and give individual corrections. There is nothing  automatic or mechanic here, She is very caring and really is interested in the students.  I strongly recommend you try this yoga studio, heel your body, improve your focus and chase the blues away. You will become a stronger, calmer, more loving person in no time at all. Life takes courage and guts. Yoga builds you up from the inside out , both physically and emotionally and spiritually. But being in the right yoga studio makes a big difference.
5	Today I would like to write about a wonderful teacher at the Green Valley Bikram Yoga Studio. His name is JORDAN TUCKER.  Jordan is a yoga teacher and provides cupping services also. Very interesting. At first one notices his gorgeous tattoos and how his yoga shorts blend into the design of his tattoos to make his whole body look like a work of art..This impression is enhanced by his exquisite body beneath the tattoos !!Once you adjust your eyes, the real Gem of Jordans talents emerges. His Voice, his teaching style, his energy, his heart explode into the yoga room and carry the body of students forward into levels of excellent yoga known only to the very few. The very fortunate.Jordan can make you feel like you are the one he is speaking to directly in a class of several people. This is a rare talent...it very much improves your progress if you feel like the teacher is urging you on. The result is that you may lock your knee with more commitment or straighten your knee that you are holing up in  Standing Head  to Knee, or level your hips in Bow pose...what ever you are doing, Jordan is watching and waiting till you do better and will make sure you do better. There is a magic in knowing that your teacher is willing to give you a couple of extra seconds in the pose to do something you may find kind of scary. Jordan provides the emotional safety net that lets his students fly from one trapeze to the next...He is very interested in each student no matter what their level. Jordan is very sympathetic, Jordan has led a very full and interesting life for a man so young. A native Canadian, He has lived in  India and many other places too. I personally love to hear about his experiences in India because I long to go there myself. Jordan keeps the students entertained with all sorts of fun stories which takes ones mind of the heat, etc. Pay attention to what Jordan says about the yoga and watch when he demonstrates. Hurry up and get to his class....I will be there too!!
4	I was always interested in trying hot yoga for the longest time..What got me into Bikram is the Groupon deal they have - $30 for unlimited classes for a month.Once you pass the smell of the place -- it's actually a clean and organized facility!Workers seemed to be on a personal level with their regulars, very nice and helpful.Facility included lockers or bins to put your personal stuff in during class.They also provide beverages, clothing, towels and mats for purchase.If it's your first time they will provide you a complimentary mat and towel to use.Otherwise it is $2.50 each item, per visit.Entering the class.. it can be a bit intimidating because you know the pros (people usually up front) VS the newbies (the ones that stay in the back)! To add that it is 105 degrees and I believe they mentioned 40% humid in the room! Definitely a body shock for the first timers! Number 1 rule in Bikram is you have to stay in the room, under whatever circumstance. Despite the fact that I got the "normal" dizziness, nausea and feeling like I couldn't breathe during class -- I really like how relaxed and stress less I felt the day after. I do wish I was able to go to more classes and put my Groupon to use!It's suggested you go to 10 classes straight to have your body use to everything.The instructors were very helpful, knowledgeable, very fit and flexible!Definitely worth trying for a low-impact, very relaxing way to lose weight, clear your mind and better your health!
2	Not my cup of tea. I've done bikram yoga before, and while I [almost] despise it, I'll try not to let my bias get in the way of this review. For those who aren't aware, bikram yoga is typically done in 90 minute sessions in 104 degrees with 40% humidity. That's enough to make people sweat, or worse yet, faint before even entering. But if that's what you want and you are aware, there's no reason why a bikram yoga place can't get 5 stars. So here's why I'm giving 2. If people feel dehydrated or suffocated, they shouldn't be pushed to stay. It is not only unsafe but stupid. There should be fair warning for what the class will entail prior to the session for those less knowledgeable. Then, as aforementioned, during the session there should be more awareness for health and safety. People should be reminded to stay hydrated and to take a break if they are uncomfortable. The yoga instructor said "if you are feeling dizzy like you want to faint or throw up, don't worry, it's normal!" Uh no. That's not normal. No where in human medicine is the feeling of wanting to faint or vomit normal. And patrons should be informed of this. If you want to get water, GET IT. If you want to leave, LEAVE. If you need to stop, STOP. Don't force yourself to do something totally and completely unnecessary. I was a first timer here and I stayed in the room for the full 90 minutes and attempted/did every single pose. I was complimented profusely. Those who left in the middle or had to rest were considered weak. That's not right. Just because I stayed doesn't give me more merit, and someone who had the wits to leave when they weren't feeling good shouldn't be mocked. I have had instructors that push you to a certain extent, and don't condone what is unsafe. That's why this place gets 2 stars in my book. And now for my bias. If I want a good workout or a good sweating session, there are far  better activities that come to mind. 'Nuff said.
5	I went to Bikram yoga today on green valley.  My first time doing Bikram or yoga and of anytime.  I was a bit nervous going to the class because of not knowing any poses but felt comfortable about being a beginner from the moment I walked in.   The instructor was really good and gave me a few pointers during the poses.  I am sore from moving my body and stretching it.... But sore in a very good way.  I used a coupon from groupon...... Can't wait to go back tomorrow
1	I tried this studio some time ago and forgot to post this review. Since then I have found Trufusion stufios, and I learned why Bikram Green Valley is terrible compared to them, and I won't be back. I have done plenty of yoga but not Bikram yoga before. I thought this teacher was terrible. Her instruction was not clear, and her attitude was negative. Instead of a nurturing yoga environment, this place is about competition and humiliation. About 1hour into the 90 minute class I started to feel dizzy, and the humidity was a little overwhelming for me. So I tried to go to the bathroom and she stopped instructing the class, blocked my way out and over the microphone asked me where I was going.  I was not the only one, she did this to another person who tried to leave before me. I don't believe in shaming people during yoga. Also the humidity is not regulated, there are just several humidifiers just running non-stop, so it could be much higher than 40%, who knows.  But I'm not going back.
4	Bought the one month pass from groupon, great deal!The reason i'm so hooked into bikram yoga, because it has the same 26 poses worldwide, wherever i go, travel, relocate, it is so easy to find a bikram yoga studio, and fall back to your own routine without struggling! I missed my old bikram studio back on east coast, however, in this town, I do like BYGV a lot.  All the instructors here were very nice, they all have their own style, unique, fun, tolerant and patient.  I'm still new here and looking forward to every class, coz i know it will always a good work out!
1	I live within a half mile of this yoga studio and decided to try a few sessions out with my aunt. We both purchased $40 groupons for ten hot yoga sessions at this location. On 11/11/14, we went in to sign up and get started but were treated with absolute disrespect by the man working behind the counter. I couldn't get my groupon voucher to cooperate on my phone and he stood there peering over my shoulder and treating me like I probably didn't have the groupon. He asked me if I had been there before and I said yes, it has been over 3 years and before I could even finish my sentence he cut me off and said "Groupons are for new customers only, it says so in the fine print!" I was taken aback by his snappiness and it showed on my face. He looked at me and said "Wow" in the most scrutinizing and arrogant tone. Wow, talk about an unwelcome feeling! I knew immediately I didn't care what that bikram yoga studio had to offer because I would not dedicate my business to an establishment that could make a person feel so unwelcome. They must have enough money that they don't need any more business at all! I walked out and went right home to have my groupon refunded immediately. Apparently, they told my aunt that if I would have come back they could have used my groupon towards a package but since I felt the environment was so hostile, I had no desire to spend any more money there. That gentleman should really work on his customer service skills and how to communicate with people because he turned down two customers yesterday. We both had our groupons refunded and will never recommend this place to anyone. We are going to check out TruFusion Yoga next week!
