5	Rachel's Bake Shop (inside of EggsTc) is absolutely amazing. Moist, beautiful cupcakes, and my hard-to-please husband said that the cranberry almond cookie was the best he's ever had. We got our items to go, and they were boxed beautifully and we were so pleased! We'll be back.
4	What a cute little bakery in the heart of downtown Queen Creek. A friend and I stopped in one morning to check out the new place and because I love to support local privately owned businesses. I LOVED the pumpkin cupcake and yes I ate it for breakfast ! it was delish, very moist and just the right amount of spice and the frosting was heavenly just awesome but not too sweet . I hate when frosting hurts your teeth because its so sweet but hers was not the case! Met the owner and she is super nice very personable , she just had her grand opening and I will definitely be back !
5	I stopped by Rachel's Bake Shop recently to check it out, and I'm glad I did. Upon walking through the front door you are hit with this aroma that is so pleasantly delightful, that's always a good sign..... :)I purchased some regular brownies, german chocolate brownies, and a variety of cupcakes, and I have to say they were all delicious. They were a big hit with the family. I will definitely be going back to try some more of her other baked items. It's nice to finally have a good bakery in town.
5	She has the best cinnamon rolls and german brownies. They are super yummy. Also the lunch menu is pretty amazing, I highly recommend the buffalo chicken wrap.
5	Clean, friendly, and cute! The buffalo chicken wrap is TO DIE FOR! I absolutely love the way everything is setup, and the location is great. Staff is amazing, and super helpful. I went in and had an issue with my card and the staff member waited for me to get it resolved without making me feel uncomfortable. Love love love! 10/10 would eat there again, and will!
5	The Pancake Cupcake is to die for. To. Die. For. Seriously, you've gotta try it. Chef Rachel's German Chocolate Brownies are a big hit in our house, too.Breakfast and lunch menu are both great - I recommend the Buffalo Chicken Wrap or Caesar Salad.Double punch Sundays make it worth the visit every week! My kids love this place.
1	The muffins and cupcakes are horrible!   Tasted like they were week old cornbread.  Won't be spending my money here anymore! The cakes are outrageously priced, 60 dollars for a 8" cake. Do yourself a favor,  buy a box mix and make it yourself.  And her attitude could use improving.
5	When I was in Rachel's Bake shop the people were very friendly.  I asked for some help deciding between cupcakes and Sadie was able to describe them well enough for me to make a decision. I will definately be going back for more.
5	We have been to Rachel's Bake Shop on several occasions. Considering we live in Mesa and have to drive over 30 min to get there that alone should speak volumes. The staff is friendly and always willing to make suggestions. Last visit I had a cheese Danish and it was warmed in the oven, versus just serving it. To.Die.For. It made the Danish super flaky. I have not had a bad cupcake. From the Pumpkin cheesecake one, to the Thin mint (WOW), to the plain chocolate, all have been moist and full of flavor. Sundays are double punch days and they have a table where the kids can pick a prize. My boys LOVE that. The lunch menu is fabulous. The Buffalo Chicken Wrap is superb. From a self confessed wimp the flavor was great without being overly spicy. Was just enough spice. I highly recommend Rachel's Bake Shop.
5	We have been in a couple of times and everything we have tried we loved. I was especially pleased and surprised by their brownies. I got it for my hubby since that is what he likes most and I tried a little.. That lead to half of it. Luckily they are big. We have to get 2 every time now.  She said she imports the chocolate from France.. wee wee it is DELICIOUS!!   I highly recommend trying this place out and supporting our local small business!
2	We visited Rachel's after we purchased a Groupon. I can't emphasize enough that I was very grateful that I had a Groupon. $12 got us a Samoa cupcake and a thin mint cupcake that were pretty small. My daughter enjoyed the Samoa cupcake. My wife and I shared the thin mint cupcake. The cake was average and not much mint flavor contrary to what Rachel said. We also got a German chocolate brownie and a chocolate chip cookie. The brownie was just okay and the German frosting didn't taste any different than the canned stuff. The best item was the chocolate chip cookie. It was very good and had great texture. I thought the items were a bit over priced ($3 cupcake $2.50 brownie and $2 cookie). Rachel was very friendly and the shop was nicely appointed. We bought red velvet cupcakes at Costco that were better quality and much less expensive.
5	LOVE Rachel's Bake Shop!  Their peanut butter cupcake is Delicious!  All of their cupcakes are yummy!
4	First visit here with my daughters after school. Cute shop, ordered a brownie with white frosting (good size and tasty), turkey panini which my daughter said tasted delish, oreo brownie was so good (icing tasted exactly like the creamy middle of the cookie). we also got milk and coffee and the price was decent at $18+. will be back!
5	They have the most amazing cupcakes! Great bakers and very clean. Very cute atmosphere! Yummy :)
5	Awesome place.  Wife got her Gluten free cookies (loved them) and I got a German chocolate brownie.  I am not necessarily a sweets person, but this was the best brownie I have had in a long time.  Highly recommend.  Will be back.
5	I love this bakery. If you blink you may miss it as it's in this cute little house. Rachel is so good at selling her products and informing customers about what she used to bake them with. I can't live without the german chocolate brownies. These alone will keep me coming back again and again. Can't say enough great things about this place....oh and the cupcakes are amazing too.
3	I purchased a Groupon to try this newer bake shop, so my son and I have been twice now.  We only tried bakery items, not any main meal items so my review is of baked goods only.The shop is cute, the staff is very friendly and welcoming, and where the baked items are good I can make them just as tastey myself at home for a fraction of the price.  My son got a plain white cupcake with regular buttercream frosting and a few sprinkles for $2.50.  For me the point of going out and going to a specialty shop like this would be to get something of better quality than a local grocery store and better than what I could make at home.  And for $2.50-$3.00 for one cupcake, it better be knock my socks off yummy...these are just...good.  The red velvet cupcake was just okay and frosting was mediocre.  The German chocolate brownie was okay but the frosting (as someone else stated) tasted no different than the stuff in the can at the store.  The one thing that was VERYgood was the cheese danish.  But, the German chocolate brownie, regular cupcake, and red velvet cupcake were just okay.  I also tried a raspberry fruit bar which I did not like at all.If prices were to go down, I would probably return, but for the high prices when I can make a dozen homemade items of the same caliber at home for less than I'll pay here, I'll probably stick with making them myself.
5	Every chance we get we stop by and try something new. Love the cupcakes very tasty and moist. The icing is so much better than the store brand and the customer service is a breath of fresh air. Wish I lived closer so I could have a cinnamon roll every morning with a great cup of coffee.
5	I've been to three cupcake places now and although the other places had bigger cupcakes, this place was the moistest! My favorite! I will definitely be back.
5	My ten-year-old daughter was recently put on a Gluten Free diet.  She is so good about it, watching as friends are able to eat things she can't.  Yes, there are GF alternatives out there, but when it comes to sweet treats, they have just never compared....until Chef Rachel at Rachel's Bake Shop came along!!!  My daughter swears her GF cupcakes are "better than regular cupcakes!!"  We stopped in today for a GF Salted Caramel Cupcake, and my sons had the vanilla cupcakes with fudge frosting...all three of them thanked me profusely for the "best cupcakes ever."  Thank you so much, Chef Rachel...your bakery is such a gift to me and my family!!!
5	My wife brought me home this turtle item with nuts and it was totally delicious. The taste was definitely much better than other options that are out there. My wife commented on how much she and our daughter enjoyed their items (bear claw and a circus fun cup cake ).
