4	Was at Greenland Supermarket for lunch with a friend. Saw sign for fro-yo at a new place from the parking lot.  Grabbed lunch from Island Style #2. See bunch of peeps walking out with hefty portions of shaved ice, while waiting for our food. Made up mind to go check it out after our lunch.  That is the quick and dirty status update of this review.Fast forward 30-40 minutes. Lunch finished. We went to this latest food court addition. I swear Greenland gets better and better almost after each visit. And here's the basic facts/observations of the business called "Tiffany's Gourmet Coffee":1) Address is 6850 W.Spring Mountain Rd #12, Las Vgeas, NV 891462) Located in the SE corner of the food court, with entry from the food court or directly from the parking lot.3) Menu: Coffees, Fruit Smoothies, Shaved Ice, Sandwiches, and Fro-Yo.4) Limited seating ~3-4 small tables within the shop and plenty outside in the food court section. No outdoor seating at this time (but it is also 110F out right now)5) Middle age Korean Owner, Tiffany, works in the shop and prepares orders such as shaved ice.6) At least 1 other employee that works the register and prepares the beverage orders.7) The first day of business was Saturday, July 17, 2010.8) Cute, friendly Asian females work here, including the owner's daughter (from listening to conversations while I waited for my order to be made).9) You may receive even better service if you can converse in Korean, just like inside Greenland Supermarket (especially at the meat counter).So now that is out of the way, here is short version of what happened on my first visit:Tried to order fro-yo, but it is not available yet.  Then I tried to get shaved ice, but machine stopped working. Friend wanted to go to Yogurtland on Flamingo. End of discussion.Next day, I stopped by again after work to check this place out and perhaps write a review. The Yelp god(dess) must be smiling down at me, first for accepting me into the Elite squad (as I would later find out), and fixing Tiffany's shaved ice machine. Hooray!Their 5 items shaved ice menu: Tiffany's Deluxe ($5.95), Tiffany's Family Size Deluxe ($8.95), House Special ($4.95), Green Tea ($5.95), and Coffee ($5.95). Nice and simple. But without pictures or descriptions it is hard to tell what you are going to get with your orders. The friendly Asian girl did her best to describe the items and the sizes for inquisitive customers. So I decided to order the Green Tea, which they are out. Okay, how about Coffee? Nope, that is out too. Darn, 2 strikes already. Tiffany's Deluxe, which I was told come in the bigger bowl, sounds like a better deal than the House Special, was what I ended up ordering.While waiting for my order, I see Tiffany slicing up bananas, kiwi and mango, and working the temperamental shaved ice machine. First shaved ice completed was not for me, so I waited some more and observed what she was doing. First, some shaved ice, then drizzle some syrup or evaporated milk(???), condensed milk, more shaved ice, repeat the layering of syrup/evaporated milk and condensed milk, shaved ice... finally the sesame powder, blueberries, sliced bananas, kiwi, mango, strawberries, red beans, boba, green beans(???), mochi, drizzle more syrup/evaporated milk, condensed milk and chocolate syrup. The finished product was time consuming to make, but looks fantastic!The fruits were all fresh and tasty. The boba was alright. The red beans was good. Overall, I was very satisfied with the order. Took a few minutes to prepared, but I was in no hurry, however, the process of making it needs to be streamlined to meet the increase orders I am forecasting.Suggestions to owner:1) Have sample pictures to show customers for menu items, such as the shaved ice.2) Signage in the store informing customers that their fro-yo is not yet available, until it is. Nothing worse than making up your mind to have fro-yo or any item, only to find out that it is out or otherwise unavailable. Its a psychology thing.3) No need to layer the shaved ice and the syrup/evaporated milk thing, it will all melt together or seep down anyways. Plus it will cut back on the time to prepare it.My ratings:Overall - 4 stars!Location - 5 stars (very close and convenient from home and commute back from work)Parking - 4 stars (big parking lot, but might have to park a few spots out when the supermarket and food court is busy.Ambiance - 3-4 stars (not too many seats inside the shop itself, and seats are not the super comfortable kind but does its job.Menu - 3 stars (nothing too exotic, just a simple menu of coffee related beverages, fruit smoothies, Korean style shaved ice, sandwiches, and frozen yogurts to be rolled out at a later date)Flavor - 4 stars (I like my shaved ice, but I think I would like the Green Tea even more if it was available)So, there you have it. Go check it out and support this new local small business.
3	Stop number #2 on the Yelpalicious day. I just got the passionfruit ice tea. I just needed something light and fresh. It was less ice tea and more juice. The first few sips were too sweet. I swirled the cup and was better. Though good, it needs to be lighter on the passion fruit syrup. On the other hand, Elnino loved his watermelon smoothie so I might have just ordered the wrong thing and the wrong time. Will be back for the shaved ice soon though.
4	The other day, I spent most of my night time at the Greenland Super market :)  Well, I had a dinner at Greenland food court, got some groceries at the market, and wanted to stop at Tiffany Coffee to try their shaved ice. I had a small 'Green Tea Shaved Ice-$5'.  It came with sliced strawberries, kiwii, mango, banana, red bean, green tea powder, mochi, condensed milk, & coffee flavored boba.  It was pretty good but I wanted more of fruits on my shaved ice. I was pretty satisfied with my cold dessert which wasn't too sweet at all :p Maybe, scorching hot on sunny days, It will be a good idea to try it. Perfect dessert for summer!!!
4	I came here recently on a weeknight, and we were the only customers.  Maybe because they are a new business?  Maybe because it was a weekday?  Maybe because it was 9:00pm or so?  Whatever the reason for the place being occupied by us and the employees preparing food, I hope it continues for just a little bit longer.  I can see myself coming back here for their shaved ice (and I can't wait to try their coffee) and chatting with friends.  The interior is cute, with lots of bright colors, flowers, coffee products on display.  The back of the chairs even have a coffee cup punched into them! (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XnLa8RM80ZmRfM6YwGVn3g?select=dHzdqFfR_lSWuqjJNSN5lQ)  I came here with a friend that was craving some Korean shaved ice.  I really had no idea what Korean shaved ice was, and the menu didn't help much either (Credit to Tony T.: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XnLa8RM80ZmRfM6YwGVn3g?select=s6Sh3vU6TSjgDEta3s-gWw) My friend and I ordered the Green Tea Shaved Ice.  Did you see in that picture of the menu, how next to the shaved ice items they show smoothie-like drinks?  That's what I was expecting.  Ohhhh no, you end up with something much more beautiful: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XnLa8RM80ZmRfM6YwGVn3g?select=uLcaBz5SDvNJuWlMtNZOHg.  What you see there is a bowl of shaved ice with green tea/milk, buried beneath strawberries, kiwi, mango, banana, red beans, tea powder, mochi and boba (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XnLa8RM80ZmRfM6YwGVn3g?select=mT7nldJm_Xw8GpXWGFpdvg).  All served on a glass bowl with a  cute little wooden tray.  It was flavorful and refreshing, and like I mentioned, completely unexpected based on what I saw on the menu.  I'm excited to go back here and try their coffee and some of their treats.  Maybe it's the colorful setup and the bright lighting, but it just felt pleasant sitting inside Tiffany's and taking my time.  With the limited seating (three or four tables) this place can get full quick, which would mean eating out in the Greenland Food Court.  With the several dining options nearby and shopping at Greenland Market, Tiffany's makes for a great way to wind down.
4	I'll be honest and say I'm probably giving them an extra star just for having a SUPER cute asian boy working the counter. The ladies need their eye candy too, and I was quite impressed! :} He could've passed as a pop-idol or something, fo' realz ladies!Walking in, the menu is pretty small and could be a little confusing. I looked for a minute then decided on an iced caramel coffee with added boba. I found the boba on the softer side, almost gooey, and there were a whole lot of them left when I finished my beverage [1/4-1/3rd of the cup?]. The combination wasn't as delicious as I had hoped, but the coffee had a good flavor [slightly bitter, earthy notes complimenting a lightly-sweet caramel background]. I think the combination of coffee and boba was just incongruous to me, so next time I'll try a fruity flavor instead or green tea for the win. They have a cute little chalk menu listing daily specials or a new menu, as well as having soups and pastries available on top of the frozen treats.  There's a small area for hanging out in, but it's pretty minimal. I opted to take my drink to go but a couple was enjoying the space while I dropped in.It seems like it's a good addition to the overall Greenland space, so I'm glad it's there. The coffee itself isn't ridiculously outstanding when it comes to higher-standard brew [free-trade, organic, sustainable, shade-grown, etc] but it's not bad, either. Their pastries looked yummy! And the shaved ice sounds great! I'll be back some time.
4	I totally forgot to give them a star bump! I'm usually on top of my reviews.I came with my BF for the green tea shaved ice for dessert. The fruits are fresh and it had mochi, and red bean, GT powder, and GT milk with condensed milk and chocolate syrup on top. All is fine except the chocolate syrup. If I knew, I would ask for it without because to me it just doesn't work. I think it's pretty good shaved ice and a good palette cleanser after eating Korean food in the food court.
4	After reading and hearing about Misti's latest review about Tiffany's Coffee having added some new seasonal latte flavors to their menu (sweet potato and pumpkin), I been itching to come back and give those a try.So since I have the day off, and just finished a yummy lunch and still have room for some sweet treats, I stopped by Tiffany's after shopping at Greenland for some snacks.  Can you tell I have a sweet tooth.Anyway, I ordered a large Pumpkin Latte (with tax it is $4.92) and decided to see if there is WiFi access here.  While sipping my latta that was different but really good, I found Tiffany's network (but it is locked) and some other open networks that I was able to connect to at 65 Mbps (awesome!).  So until I get Internet access at my new place, I now also know where else to go get some web surfing done and some good latte and Korean shaved ice.I love you Tiffany's Coffee!  For your sweet treats and now the Internet connection, even if it is not your network that I am connected to.
4	After work, I stopped by to have a cup of Cafe Latte.  It was pretty good!  By the way, it seems like, they added more stuffs to the menu such as Sweet Potato Latte, Squash Latte, Hand-Cut assorted Fresh Fruit Waffle, Turkey Sandwich, Ham Sandwich, & Tuna Sandwich.  Probably, they are serving a breakfast nowadays.  I've been wanted to try and find the best places for an inexpensive breakfast; places would be great for people like me before work during regular weekdays or to start my day with a bit more enjoyment than an instant coffee in my room on weekends :)I would love to try their breakfast menu next time.  They open at 7am.P.S. Tiffany's cozy interior pics included
4	I came here for the Shaved Ice bowl and hoped to try the lattes but never got the chance b/c the shaved ice caught my attention instead. The small serving is big enough for two people! It was really good. The toppings were all fresh fruits like mango, strawberry, watermelon, kiwi, blueberries, bananas, and azuki bean (sweet red beans) and chocolate drizzle over it! Based on the name of the place and the big poster size picture of Audrey Hepburn on the wall, I'd say Breakfast at Tiffany's? Its a nice quaint coffee shop and I hope to come back to try the lattes.
4	I have always driven by Tiffany Coffee and finally decided to stop by one day. This place is actually connected to the food court of Greenland Supermarket, but they have an entrance from the parking lot as well. 1st visit: I was not in the mood for coffee, so I decided to try their Strawberry Pineapple Smoothie. I really liked it! It was sweet, but also had a sour kick to it. Who needs coffee? I think if I was tired and really needed to wake myself up, this would do the trick!2nd visit: I stopped by on a random weekday around 1:30pm and both of the doors were locked! So I went inside and sat at a table in the food court. Decided to wait a few minutes to see if anyone would open the shop again. After 5 minutes, a girl came back and unlocked all the doors. Wow, that's cool if she was taking a break or whatever, but I think she should have at least left a sign on the doors saying "Will return in 10 minutes." Right? Well, she must have noticed me sitting outside because she said "Sorry" right when I walked in. At least I wasn't waiting for a long time. Anyway, I decided to try their Iced Caramel Macchiato. It was okay, but kind of bitter tasting in my opinion. Sorry, I prefer Starbucks or MadHouse Coffee. They had a few pastries and slices of cake on display, but selection was very limited. Not impressed with the coffee, but I will definitely come back for the smoothies and to try the shaved ice one day!
4	Latte art!!! Need I say more? If Lawrence is in you can get lovely latte art. Oh, and the waffle is awesome. Just check out the photos on here. Those piles of fruit... That's the waffle!
4	Came here after spending a hot afternoon under the sun at the recent Pure Aloha Festival, as the line for shaved ice was just too long and I am doing my darnest trying to not work on my tan.Anyway, it wasn't too busy when I arrived with some other Yelpers that were also at the festival.  So I decided to go for the family size Korean Shaved Ice at around $12.  And the portion is huge!  I can totally eat one of them as a meal replacement, but we shared it as a group of 5-6.  It is similiar to the other shaved ice I have ordered here in the past, but some of the toppings were not added this time (no mochi bits, which I really like - but no worries, I know they sell them in Greenland Supermarket). With summer getting closer, I know I will be making more frequent pitstops here.
5	The smoothies are absolutley great on any hot day! And the hot green tea latte is sooo goood!BEST PLACE TO GET DRINKS!
4	I stopped into the Greenland Market, saw the Tiffany Coffee sign and stopped before I left the plaza,I got a raspberry-banana smoothie with boba.  Really good tasting with so much fresh banana flavor.I'll take Elnino's advice and get the smoothie with milk the next time.  If it's better than what I am drinking now, then wow, it will be great!  Also need to try Misti's sweet potato latte.I wish I knew this was there and had read the reviews before I went there.
5	We came here this morning; she ordered Thai boba tea; I had a coconut-taro boba smoothie.  Both were delicious; the coconut predominated in my smoothie, but that is the nature of the beast - taro is not a strong flavor.  So, on we went for more eating and shopping elsewhere, then, later in the afternoon, we returned.  Pretty full by then, but we had to have a bowl of pat bing su, which we split between us.  It was large and covered with fruit, pat (aduki beans cooked with sugar), tteok, malt powder, lots of bobas...  This was a very complex version of this dish and very tasty.  Good to the last bean and the last boba.  The bobas were well-prepared - firm but not too hard, and plenty of them. It's the one item there that I haven't found in patbingsu before, but it blends in well.  There's lots of things to drink on the menu, one could spend many an hour exploring the possibilities.  My smoothie was a combo of two menu items, so, yeh, you can try it however you think it might be good.
4	The first time I tried to get a drink at Tiffany Coffee, hey were all out of boba so I ended up going to another shop down the street. I didn't bother going back for a while because I didn't want to risk having the same thing happen again. I was recently in one of those 'I want to try a new place today' kind of moods, and I was nearby so I decided to give Tiffany Coffee another try. And damn, I am happy I did!Since it was mid-summer and therefore hotter then hell out, I wanted something cool and refreshing... Watermelon juice sounded delightful, but so did strawberry juice. I was struggling to decide when the friendly lady working suggested I combine the two. Great idea! The juice was freshly made and super tasty. The only things I did not care for was the lids on the cups, they are the domed kind that allow for whipped cream to be put on top of drinks... And my drink was also not as cold as I prefer it at first, I had to stir it a bit to chill it...That one small dislike is certainly not going to be enough to keep me from going back to Tiffany Coffee. Next time I think I will try one of the sandwiches they sell.
4	Best Patbingsu I have had in Las Vegas. Not many places serves up this delicate shaved ice dish, but there definitely should be more. They load theirs up with quite a bit of red beans, so if you do not like it that way, ask for less or none. The green tea shaved ice is wonderful and only cost a dollar more. They do not skimp on the fruits either. Half a banana, watermelon, kiwis, strawberries, mango. I am drooling as I relive this experience. A small is good enough to feed two people. We had just finished with dim sum so take that into account. I wouldn't go as far as to say it is the best I have ever had, because the red bean was too sweet for my liking. Just ease up on it and the condense milk and I will gladly eat another one. The boba and mochi are an added bonus.
4	I really do like this place. We'll usually have lunch or dinner at the food court then grab a milk tea for dessert. I'm always a little disappointed that they usually don't have the honedew flavor. I just settle for the taro flavor which is good too.Last night we tried the Patbingsu. It's good but my boyfriend and I prefer the Patbingsu at Crown Bakery on Spring Mountain next to Ichiza. It's a difference of taste, really. Tiffany's patbingsu toppings include kiwi, strawberries, mango, bananas, boba, mochi balls, watermelon, sweet beans and condensed milk over shaved iced. Crown's toppings include kiwi, strawberries, mandarin oranges, something similar to boba (some sort of agar type gelatin), sweet beans and condensed milk over the shaved ice. Prices are comparable but like I said, it's just a matter of what kinds of toppings you prefer. In any case, a great dessert! Very refreshing and not too sweet.
3	I went to this place in Korea Town in LA where I ordered shave ice and fell in love with it. After reading all the positive reviews on yelp, I expected the same. Was it? Not really. The shave ice was a bit crunchy and not super soft. But I have to say the presentation was nice and the lady at the counter was really helpful in customizing the shave ice for me and the family.Check out my pics!http://what2eatz.blogspot.com/2011/12/tiffanys-cofee.html
4	Mama here is so classy and nice - Thanks to the fellow yelpers, I am hooked on sweet potato latte - I liked it better than pumpkin. The texture is thick and creamy, almost like soup... Portion is huge so 2 people can share a cup. Bring your best friends here and stay warm this winter :)
4	This review is about their boba milk tea,Very cute and clean little boutique conveniently located inside Greenland supermarket food court but with its private entrance outside with outdoor sitting available.The atmosphere is very Parisian without being snobby or austere, just adorable and chic!I got the jasmine milk tea with boba and it was just right, not too sweet and perfectly chilled.Definitely made fresh.They have a very extensive menu with very original items.I can't wait to go back there to try one of their lunch items!The perfect place for a lunch date with your girlfriends before go back to work!They also offer a breakfast menu... Whohoo! score!!!
4	I can attest that the sweet potato latte ($4.69 with tax) was tasty and caffeine-free, as a did not have a nervous freakout after drinking it.  Mine was also searing hot, so be careful.  The good thing is, I couldn't finish it all in one sitting but it was still warm and tasty after sitting in my car for an hour.  Very foamy, which I like.From what I understand, the sweet potato latte is one of their items on their other, foreign language (Korean?) menu so you won't see it on the board when you walk it.  I wonder what other gems are on there.  I was a little nervous they did not have it but then I saw the lady behind the counter washing sweet potatoes and realized I must be in the right place.They have some interesting hot chocolate combinations that I have to try.  Their hours are a little strange. I'm baffled by a coffee shop that doesn't open until 11am.  But I'll definitely be back when their hours fit in with my schedule.
4	I came here after the Elite Confidential event for dessert (yes, I like to eat before, during, and after events). I've been wanting to try this place out for quite some time, since I hear a lot about their shaved ice. We ended up getting green tea shaved ice and I believe we paid around $7-$8. The lady working their was on a laptop when we came in and she wasn't very welcoming or friendly, but she was rude either. The shaved ice was ready within 5 minutes and it looked really big, but it's just ice and fruit for the most part. If it were an ice cream sundae, that would be a whole other story. The fruits were all very fresh and the taste was good, but it wasn't mind blowing by any means. I think I'm just so used to the shaved ice in CA that I grew up on, which is pretty much the same, but it usually comes with ice cream and in a lot more variations. I DID enjoy the dessert though and I'd like to come back and try other items on their menu.
3	I will try anything else but the taro smoothie next time. I frequent crown bakery and they have large taro smoothies for a little over $2, this place charges a regular size at a little over $3 O_o The place smells great too, I want to give this place another try. But 3 stars for now.
5	Stumbled upon this place while shopping at Greenland... Wow, great tasting Vanilla Iced Coffee!
4	The sweet potato latte which Misti wrote about was what got me interested in coming here. However, it was a warm day and our bellies were full of hotpot. I wanted something cooling, so I got the patbingsu (regular size).The server who made the patbingsu really stuffed it to the brim! He even apologized for the fact that it would be messy to eat, as there was so much stuff in it. There was a nice amount of shaved ice, kiwi, banana, strawberry, boba, mango, watermelon, and the mochi bits. I loved the mochi bits, they were the perfect size!As were waiting for the patbingsu (and my friend's iced coffee), the smell of the taiyaki fish cakes wafted into the air. We decided to get one and split it. Well, "one" was actually "one order" - it came with 5 of the fishies. When we sat outside to eat everything, my friend noticed on a window poster that the fishies can come in different flavors (chocolate, red bean, and one other which I can't remember). The server didn't ask us what flavor we wanted, so it was just the standard red bean. While I love red bean fishies, I think my friend would have preferred chocolate as he said the red bean fishies were "meh".This is a cute space, with interesting treats. Definitely sit outside and enjoy the sun with your treats if you can.
5	So my friend and I were looking all over for a nice boba place. We went everywhere from tea station to volcano tea, but they were all crowded with no place to sit.So we decided to try out Tiffany.At first when I walked in, I was baffled by the large selection of drinks or at least it felt like that to me. I was staring at the menu for a long time but decided to try the sweet potato latte because it was so unique to me.And wow~ I was surprised. It had real sweet potato in the drink and was tasty. It can be served hot or cold so don't be afraid to try it on a hot summer day or cold winter day. The employees were also very friendly. My friend wanted some boonguhbbang, but the portion was too large for her. The employees gave her free ones since those weren't made correctly, but they tasted great anyways (just a bit off colored and a bit too fat for a normal one lol)I think this is going to be my favorite tea/coffee/boba place to hang out now.
4	It was a brutally, hot, oppressive sunny day in Las Vegas, which is pretty much every day from March to November....so it was a perfect day to cool ourselves off with some Shaved Ice.  With the largest Hawaiian community living here in the desert, it's relatively easy to get the colorful, breezy treat that immediately chills your body, added with the thrill of danger of having to fend off the ever most embarrassing 'brain freeze' that causes contortions of your face worse than Jim Carrey...Now there's actually many versions of Shaved Ice; I remember going back to Japan and having that version, the Chinese, Taiwanese and Koreans all have similar yet distinct versions that make them unique.Tiffany Coffee is a cosy boutique cafe connected to a larger Korean Superstore- The Greenland Supermarket, with a side entrance that backs into a food court.  The place itself is relatively cosy, with the service attentive and thoughtful.So the interesting culture that occurs at Asian Supermarkets, there's always a food court that serves little delights and a cafe that provides the wayward shopper a chance to sit down, and relax with sweet drinks and snacks.I can remember hot summer days in New York, when during the afternoons near my school (it was the Upper West Side in a mixed income residential area) and we would see an elder Latino gentleman come out every day, huge block of ice in tow to sell Shaved Ice.  Whenever a customer came, he would take out this wooden box with a sharp edge inside, shave the top of the ice block for a minute, and dump the shavings into a paper cone.  Then reaching down to trough of rainbow colored bottles, he'd generously drench the snow white ball of ice with sweet, sticky nectars-gently handing it to the children, filled with excitements and grins from cheek to cheek.............Which was wonderful, until I saw a dog licking the side of the ice block one day......his dog that he brought with him every day........The menu here is extensive, if not a little overwhelming..I found myself immediately consulting the owner on which shaved ice to get, she recommended the Pat Bing Soo- a medley of fresh fruits: Watermelon, Strawberries, Kiwi, Bananas and Mango with Boba Tapioca Pearls, Mochi Balls topped with Sweet Condensed Milk and Azuki Beans-it was an enormous dessert!  The lady was very thorough and took her time creating for us, which paid off in droves...At first if you're not acquainted with the Azuki bean/dessert combo, it does take some getting used to (I still have problems with the more intense Japanese desserts that have Azuki in them....Yokan and Oshiruko-hot Azuki soup..bleah...)But while we were waiting, Having heard so much about the Sweet Potato Latte, I thought I'd try it out-an interesting drink that at first sounds strange, but when you drink it, it's still strange...really strange....It's akin to drinking a Sweet Potato Smoothie, no coffee, no latte.. Actually, it wasn't bad, like sucking on a sweet mashed potatoes through a straw.....cold...But back to the Shaved Ice...the mix of fresh fruits with the Ice and condensed milk was refreshing and considerably light, given the amount served, and I even like the Azuki on top.  My favorite is the Mochi balls and Tapioca pearls, it's chewy consistency gives the palate various texture to play with in your mouth!!  All in all, it's a high end, classy Shaved Ice venue and I would love to come here again!!Ratings (Out of Five Stars)Food:           4Ambience:   3 Service:       4
4	I love their shaved ice! Especially the yogurt shaved ice!
2	Mocha's made from powder, overly sweet drinks, hard boba... Not sure how this place has earned 4 stars. It is clean and convenient to the market, so that's a plus I guess.
3	I always wanted too try some Boba Tea or more too the point just wanted too some tapioca balls. It not too often see coffee or smoothie places that serve tapioca balls in there drinks. I knew Boba Tea little different style so ask the lady the difference between Boba Tea and Smoothie. She explained it great too me. Boba Tea not as thick and more cream/liquid not so much blended. The flavors ton too choose from not just the Boba Tea but if you wanted Smoothie or even coffee is extensive (overall for such small place have LOT too choose from) find norms mocha, lattes, etc. Boba Tea it was just bite SWEET if you have sweet tooth love it and if diabetic lord have mercy on you. lol! The tapioca balls felt like not as big size ones use too growing up back home in Hawaii. They were little harder side but still overall enjoyed it! It nice change of pace from having coffee while reading latest novel. The atmosphere is different not only because its part of Greenland Market food court but inside decorated more like french cafe style. Not many table only four of them inside so can get full fast. They had few tables on outside too but lucked out sat inside. The music they were playing was interesting not your normal Starbucks style I even heard "gangman style"  while there reading my book. Woot! Woot! It place that would go back again but would probably go with smoothie next time.
3	The boba drink was terrible, but the shaved ice was good.
1	Not good! Too sweet nothing is fresh. Bad service. Powder flavors and artificial crap. A lady before was waiting for her drinks and the girl didn't even tell her the order was ready. the drinks were sitting there 10 minutes.
1	First of all. This place needs to keep a clean counter around the fish cake baking machine  I ordered a passion fruit iced tea and strawberry. 1. It was sweet. 2. You can taste the syrup. I went back to the employee where he was gone outside I believe chatting with friends and I was waiting at the counter for 15 minutes wondering if I can get my drink less sweet somehow. He comes back and tells me it's just syrup and water. NO TEA! WTF! Horrible service from a brace face kid. So if you want syrup water, come on over here. Or buy some kool aid in the market next door.
4	I havent been here in a long while even though I frequent Greenland. I came for some coffee and company with Tiger W. I love green tea lattes, but often find that many places do too sweet and not enough tea flavor. I liked theirs as it has a bit more of the bitter matcha flavor. It's on the really foamy side, some people love it, some don't so just a note. I'm indifferent to foam, but I think I prefer less than more. I would probably order this one again, otherwise I get lychee smoothie if I want a cold drink here. It's a small place so I kinda wish I could be a barista here for a day. I know the stories she heard today from our end probably upturned her world.
4	This place is good, when i go into the greenland supermarket I come in here afterward and get a coconut strawberry smoothy. They are always very good and very fresh. I want to try the pancake things but they said they had chocolate and they where out of them last time i went there. Hopefully they will have them this time.
2	I had the taro boba and it lacked taste. I usually try it before i leave the place but because i was in a hurry i was in the car already by the time i took my first sip and it seriously needed more flavor though the tapioca balls were the perfect texture. This place is a bit more pricey than expected. I still prefer No. 1 boba tea inside the china town mall.
5	I am a creature of habit.I get my car washed approximately once a week from Ariel and his team in the Greenland Supermarket parking lot. While they wash my car I go inside Tiffany Coffee, order a boba thai tea and use their free wifi. Like clockwork :)This is a very convenient spot to kill some time while in the Greenland area and the staff has always been friendly. See you next week!
3	Yelp 100 Challenge * 74/100Vegas heat is upon us and more often than not, we find ourselves hitting the nearest stop with a good thirst quencher. Tiffany Coffee is a cozy Korean-owned cafe inside Greenland Supermarket (Spring Mountain & Rainbow). Peeps from L.A., think Francoisa! Got a mango smoothie with boba one seething day and it was just the thing I needed - although it was sweeter than I had hoped. Natural mangoes were added in, crushed ice, some milk and what I assume was mango syrup. The drink really could've done without the latter, in my opinion. Nice seating, cute pictures hung on the walls, variety of drinks offered and comfort munchies on the side of the cashier counter for sweet tooths out there.
4	Mango Banana Boba a must try....
2	Blannnnnnd like a maadahfockuh! It's a cute place, but I rather go down the street and get drinks. Plus they over ice the milk teas. There is more ice than drink. It's like I take two sips and it's gone.
4	I love the red bean fish cakes here and the other day I tried their shaved ice and I loved it as well! The small size was plenty big enough for the four of us to share and LOTS of fresh cut fruit in the bowl!
4	We love to go to Tiffany coffee when we do our grocery shopping in Greenland.  This coffee place is in the food court and after we get our groceries we go here.We've gotten to know the owner of the shop who's friendly and recognizes us when we come in.I usually stick to my favorite beverage, mango smoothie.  My boyfriend has tried just about all the smoothie flavors and tried the green apple iced tea today (it was a bit sweet for him, but when I had a sip, it tasted good to me!).Once the weather begins to warm up again, we will be stopping by for a smoothie or cold drink every once in a while!
4	5 stars for the mocha coconut frappe. It reminds me of KiMOBEAN in Waikiki. Perfect blend of mocha with a hint of coconut, and not artificial tasting. I've tried the famous sweet potato latte here (it's good for a couple sips, but it's too sweet for me, plus, there is no coffee in it) also the pistachio latte is good here, again, it's a little too sweet for me. Wish they had a better pastry selection, although the red bean waffles and the shaved ice does the trick.
1	First time here will be my last. Ordered a jasmine milk tea, the lady got a book from behind the register to look up the recipe and shuffled around for a few minutes. I realized she didn't know how to make it. So I told her it's ok, I'll just get whatever she knows how to make and is good - no biggie. She says she can make a milk tea and informed me this was her first and only day on the job. Should have taken that as a clue to leave. I'm not sure what she made for me but it's not milk tea and it tasted sour. I appreciate it's her only day there, but if you put someone behind the counter at a coffee and tea place, they should be able to make something...
2	Came for the mocha-coconut frappe, per Angela's review. The girl who helped me seemed to be new and had to ask the older lady working how to do everything.  In addition to being entirely too icy, my drink was served with the skinniest straw I've ever seen- combine those two characteristics and I couldn't really drink it. Taste reminded me of hazelnuts and was very light. Not sure whether flavor was diluted due to ice content or if it may have been made incorrectly. The other, more knowledgeable employee left before my order came out and I wonder if that made a difference in the product I received. Letting it melt in my refrigerator so I can actually drink it for more than a sip at a time.
3	I'm always amazed at the indifference of these Korean mom and pop places. It makes me wonder why they are in business? It can't be for the money. Maybe they're bored aijimaes, who thinking it was a good idea to open up a coppee calf-eh instead of staying at home and watching Korean soap operas all day? Please stay at home and watch Korean soap operas, I'd rather set my money on fire than come back here.Firstly, I never understood why these korean cafes think it's ok to charge $8 for shaved ice, but whatever, it is what it is. Honestly, I don't think they're much better than what you can get at other cafes around town. What really pissed me off was if I'm paying $8 for a bowl of ice, it better be some damn good ice. But no, you can only get a medium to go and it's a large cup but only the top is filled with fruit. There were kiwis, watermelon, banana and boba and patbingsu (which is superior than the stuff at the Taiwanese places). So, $8 for a big cup of shaved ice, I've paid for worse. But here's the clencher, she doesn't put a lid on the top, instead she wraps it in saran wrap and puts it in a paper bag. So I put this cup of ice with fruit and condensed milk on top in my passenger seat. Duuuh... So I don't win the smart-kid-gold-star today. Of course it tips over and all the good stuff spills out all over my car. Frantically I reach over into the bag to find napkins... and whaddayaknow, there is none. So I get home, getting ready to eat this thing and I grab it by the lip. The styrofoam breaks off and it spills over my kitchen counter. You ever feel that it's fate for you NOT to have something? That's how I felt about this patbingsu. But I paid $8 for it, I'M GONNA EAT IT, I TELL YOU. So I did. Nyah Nyah. It was okay, just okay. Also I didn't care for the two older ladies who were working there. I'd like to apologize for patronizing their business and breaking up what seemed to be a fascinating conversation. Trust me, it won't happen again.
3	This place is hit or miss. I've been here a handful of times and I feel like I'm getting whiplash from the inconsistency. Some days the drinks are delicious and the customer service is great. I feel welcome and relaxed. I've also been here on days when they completely mess up my order before and the customer service makes me feel like I'm being rushed. Even though I'm usually the only person in the little cafe at the time. Honestly, I don't know what to think about this place. I keep going back so I can bet a more solid opinion and it hasn't quite happened yet...
1	Wish I could give this place 0 stars. Came here and ordered a watermelon smoothie with boba. She made me a mango smoothie instead and I kindly told her that I had ordered a watermelon smoothie. She then argued with me telling me that I ordered a mango smoothie? Wtf? What kind of customer service is that? She was so rude! She then made me some disgusting watermelon smoothie, I'm not even going to drink it, it kind of tastes like bubblegum. And now she is talking in her language to someone else ... But she's saying mango and watermelon in English. What was the big deal? So rude!
1	I ordered the jasmine milk tea w/boba. Not good. Tastes like watered down milk with a hint of tea and jasmine. The owner should go around tasting other shops milk teas to improve her recipe. The boba itself was ok tho.
4	Tiffany Bakery Cafe is a little 6 seat coffee shop located inside Greenland. Don't worry about seating though because it is adjacent to the Korea Town Plaza Food Court so you can grab your coffee, fresh juice, or boba milk tea and walk 10 feet. I ordered a chai tea latte. A medium set me back $4.65. I was surprised at how sweet it was, but after growing accustomed to the taste I decided it was the best chai tea latte I've ever had. Stop in and have a tasty beverage after an afternoon of grocery shopping at Greenland.
1	We ordered a watermelon bubble tea and a Thai iced tea both with boba. She handed us the thin straws to drink out of and a spoon to scoop out the boba. What kind of bubble tea place wouldn't have the wide straws? The Thai iced tea was watery and when we went to scoop out the boba from the watermelon iced tea they were still frozen and some were brown?? Adding to the fact that this place is cash only.... Would never come baxk
1	I walked in just now and stood at the counter. The woman who worked at the counter ignored me for about 5 minutes. I said "hello" and she finally made eye contact with me and told me would be with me a minute. After she was done cooking, she continued to ignore me and started cleaning the cafe instead of taking my order. I walked out and went next door to Pho Saigon and ordered some food. I advise that you do the same.I read a few more reviews and I see that other people have had the same problem with the woman at the counter being rude.
3	The service was great but the quality of their boba and sweets was eh; it wasn't anything too memorable. I got a taro milk tea with boba and an order of their taiyaki. I got 2 red bean and 2 custard filled taiyakis and they were okay. You get 4 pieces for like $5, so its not bad for the price you pay for. Its a nice spot to grab a quick pick me up. It's quaint and simple. The server was polite and smiled a lot so it was a fairly pleasant experience.
