4	When I backpacked through Southeast Asia, a typical 1 hour massage would cost me about $1... yes, people, one measly whole dollar!!!  If I had to pay more, I thought it was a sham.  When my brother-in-law joined me in the later years, we went to Hanoi and got a massage.  He weighs about 190 lbs and I weigh about 180 lbs.  Anyways, we had these two tiny Asian girls about 75 lb each providing us a massage.  Well, I remember that they both managed to lift us up into the sky and cracked our back.  Man, it was the good ole days.  Good stuff.In the states, to get a massage, you have to fork over close to 100 dollars PLUS.  And, add tips on top.  Boy, I miss Asia already lol...Anyways, at Massage Envy, you get a pretty good deal.  However, it requires a subscription.  My subscription is a $40 monthly charge for one massage per month.  For the price in the states, it is not bad.  Actually, it is a good rate.As for service, so far, I have had a female and a male masseuse.  Both were extremely professional.  And, they do a very good job.  My favorite is when they utilize the hot towels.  Man, nothing like relaxing the body.For those looking for a good deal and professional service, I would recommend this place.Cheers,
5	Went to this location for the first time. I had Nicole, who was wonderful. She really listened to my requests for pressure and where my problem areas were. An hour and a half later and I was ready to melt into the floor. Tipped her extra for being so good!
1	I've had many, many massages in my life and I have to say that this one was probably one of the weakest, lamest ones I've had.  It was not even worth the $39 introductory rate.  The therapist didn't seem to care about my wants or needs.  The pressure was way too light and she didn't apply any more pressure after I asked her to.  It was also supposed to be a full body massage but it was more like a three-quarter massage.  I have chronic tightness and knots in my upper back --  didn't feel any better afterwards.  Guess you get what you pay for.
2	This review is purely on the management and customer service at this location in Henderson. I have been a Massage Envy member for 5 years and I have enjoyed the service they provide all over Las Vega and all over the United States. While most have my massages have been good and some of them great and only a few not so good the customer service I have received at all of them has been exceptional.Every massage I have booked over the years has been a 90 minute massage and every time I call to book one thats what they book me. Recently Massage Envy has started a promo that if you book an 8am massage you get a discount or something. So when I book at 8am I get my 90 minute for cheaper or at some locations for the price of just 60 minutes. This is amazing, but not why I book a 90 minute massage as I have been doing so for many years before they started this promo. This is where my problem started with this location and maybe the most ridiculous front desk girl who should be working at a toll booth when it comes to common sense skills much less customer service. I have probably booked 15 massages at this location in the last 3 months. Most likely more then there average customer. This girl started booking me for only 1 hour in the mornings instead of my usual 90 minutes. When I asked her why she said I did not specify that I wanted a 90 minute. I then stated Every massage I book has always been for 90 and isn't that obvious from my history. She says it is not her job to notice that and not to mention that if she booked me for the 90 minute I would have saved some money on the special. My mind almost exploded, I said well wouldn't you then at the time I am booking ask me if I would like to book for the 90 minutes and take advantage of the special. She laughed at me and said "Why would I do that, then you would get 90 minutes for cheaper then normal". Are you freakin kidding me. 1. How about asking me if I want to book for 90 since I always do and you know that is my preference.2. How about you offer it to me as a paying member and inform me of the special since that who is the special is for.3. The fact that you think it is better for your massage therapist to be sitting around doing nothing for the 30 minutes rather then up selling me to the special shows the lack of customer service or business management that is going on in this location.4. your business comes from referrals and a good experience is the base of those referrals. The special was most likely created to generate more business not to be hidden form people and especially not to screw with the people who already book for 90 minutes and now you book it differently because you get $10 dollars less.Basically the lack of management and training of the customer service is a sign of a business being run by an absentee owner or an owner that just does not care anymore. So if you are planning on joining Massage Envy it is a great company and service I just would not do it at this location. THere are to many other places with better customer service and provide a better experience.For the record I asked for the manager to email or call me to address this ongoing issue with the front desk and I have received no such contact for over a week now. This is why I wrote this review to warn you the people.
5	Awesome.  Awesome.  Awesome.  I have been to several places for massage around town, and never found the right fit (location, price, awesome therapist, friendly staff)  Booked and went yesterday.  Staff was super friendly.  Had an hour massage with Jon.  He gave me one of the best massages in my life.  I immediately went to re-book. and ended up signing up for their 12 month program.  Thank you Jon & massage Envy!
5	Great therapist. I believe her name was Antonia.... My apologies if spelling is off but great massage. Pretty sure I feel asleep two or three times.
1	Horrible customer service. Below average messages. Find another place, it will be worth frustration.Paul Y
4	I have had a membership here for almost two years.  The location is clean and the front desk team is pleasant.  I have had good luck with my therapists: of the four I have tried, I have loved two of them.  Jo Jo (no longer at this location) and Eric are both very skilled and ask the right questions to give you the massage you need to feel great.  Eric focuses on my trouble areas and creates an atmosphere of calm and relaxation.  The hot towels are my favorite part of the process and they take the massage from wonderful to absolute bliss.  Definitely check out this location and find a therapist that meets your needs.  You won't regret it.
2	This month ends my 1-year Wellness Program contract. I have to say that I'm happy it's over! I have tried it all at the Anthem location; 4 different therapists (male and female); facial; couples massage...and only left satisfied 2-3 times. I do have a Reiki and massage therapy background from my college days and I will agree that many of the therapists are very inexperienced/weak...not a master of their trade. Maybe I'm asking too much, but I don't think so for the price I'm paying each month.Lastly, I've had way better massages at the casino spas and "daily deal" sites.  I even skipped a few months on my membership just to enjoy a massage from the aforementioned.
1	Unhappy, Unsatisfied with service, first of all I called for an appointment, they gave me the wrong address, took me 15 minutes more to get there to my appointment at 4... It was 4:15, then I get to the massage room take out my clothes and sign up the sheet, that took me another 7 minutes, it was already 4:22, the massage therapist finished at 4:55 not even THE HOUR that I paid, and then they charge me 49 dollars for the service !!!!! That's a rip off!!!! I tell the lady about the timing and she only replies, the time starts from the time of your appointment, what if they gave me the wrong address took me more time to get there and they I end up getting an awful service paying a ton of money..... It's absurd, I would not recommend this place to anyone, if you want a massage, go to Nevada School of therapy they have decent prices 32 per person and sometimes in the weekends, if you go with one more person is 16 dollars each ! And hey !!! The time starts when you are undressed and in the bed ready for massage. It's a whole hour !!!!
1	Not a bad massage, but if you're looking for relaxation, do not even waste your time.  I've had three massages here over the last six years.  The first was an introductory rate, and was just average, but I was feeling somewhat relaxed when it was over.  Then the receptionist started in on all the membership options and how, if I didn't join and commit to having the $49 deducted from my credit card (which I didn't possess at the time) each month, it would cost me an insane amount for any future massages.The second time was more than a year later, and I'd forgotten I'd been there previously.  They had my name and address in their computer, so they said I had to join if I wanted the $49 rate.  When I said I couldn't join at that time, they said it'd be $90.  I said forget it, and they said they'd still have to charge me for the session.  Once again I said forget it and was about to leave when a supervisor said I could have the $49 rate one more time without joining.  My 60-minute massage lasted 48 minutes and was below average.Finally, three years later a friend gave me a gift card for a free massage.  The manager was downright nasty and said, for the entire waiting room to hear as though she wanted to embarrass me, that if the whole $90 wasn't paid on the card that I couldn't get the massage nor my friend's money back.  Turned out it she did pay the $90, so I got my 43-minute massage with no apology or explanation, and I walked out totally frustrated.I've resolved never again to give them a cent of my money, and if the chain were smart they'd fire that horrible shrew of a manger.  But since the chain has made it clear they are far more interested in signing people up for long-term commitments than they are providing what they offer (a relaxing, 60-minute massage), it seems pretty obvious they are not smart and care not a bit about customer satisfaction.
4	I've been here a few times. The place is clean, smells pleasant, little water fountain noises add to the relaxing ambiance. Nice music, they offer a quiet room where you can have a cup of tea. I am always able to relax even while I'm waiting for my appt. The young ladies that answer phones, make appts and greet clients are always pleasant. Denise did my facial tonite. Awesome! Annie is my choice for massage, she is incredible. I like this place!
4	Love it here...  Been a member for some time now. Always look forward to my monthly 90 minutes massages & facials.
