4	This place pretty much does what it says on the tin. I walked past it the other day, having never even noticed it before, so decided to go and have a peek around.The smell as you walk in is amazing. I'm probably the only student at Edinburgh Uni who didn't spend a year partying my way round Thailand when I finished school, so I'm not exactly an expert on the food. Which is probably why I didn't understand or recognise most of the stuff in here, although it did make me want to learn.It's small, and it's claustrophic and cluttered, but don't let that put you off. I know of a few chinese supermarkets dotted around edinburgh, but this is the first thai one I've found and I'll definitely be popping back here next time I'm feeling creative.
4	All the gimmicky and occasionally useful foodstuffs of the Orient can be found here. After spending a year in Singapore my flat mate swears by the MSG laden crackers sold here, and after scoffing a few of these worryingly addicting gems I'm a fan of this place. Unusual ornaments and other Asian culture decorations can be found inside too. Great for rare ingredients aswell.
4	If I like a store, I tend to go in frequently, usually lacking a valid reason to do so. That's become the case with the Orient Thai Market, an asian food store I've recently discovered in Bruntsfield. I'm a big fan of asian food in general, and know these stores usually stock the commercial western favourites as well as the more authentic products. And true to form, you will find the typical red and green curry pastes you may be accustomed to, instant noodles, asian vegetables such as lemongrass and pak choi, as well as some other more ambiguous products it would take some courage to buy! The store is extremely casual with friendly staff (who seem to be getting a little tired of me) and they're impressively open on Sundays as well. If only the rest of Edinburgh would follow this example! The store isn't that large, but is extremely packed and you may find it difficult to see the wall in some parts!
5	This is one of the best oriental mini-markets in Edinburgh. It might be smaller than most but has absolutely everything you would need. And because it is Thai, not Chinese, you get a different selection of ingredients than in most other Oriental stores. There are all the noodles, rice, pastes, veg, seasonings and sweet things you could want. And it is all pretty cheap, definitely cheaper than many of the other Asian supermarkets I have been to.As my Thai is rusty to say the least I pretty much had no idea what half the things on sale were. Thankfully the staff there are great, they translate everything for you and if you are making something specific, or just having a browse, they will recommend popular items to you, or suggest other flavours that you might like to mix together. They do sell Thai cook books there, but they are quite expensive and when the lady saw my indecision she nipped into the back and gave me about 6 recipes for free. Definitely one of the best places in Edinburgh for Oriental supplies
1	Closed and looks like it had been for ages...sad times
