4	I hate chain restaurants and I'm especially sick of the uber steakhouse trend.  However, on the advice of some reviews, I gave Flemings a try when visiting my cousin in Las Vegas a couple of years ago.  It remains  possibly the best steak I've ever had.  They cooked it a bit too long and I was never able to get the attention of a waiter to have it fixed, thus the one star knock.  I'd return in a heartbeat, and the upside of it being a chain is that I may be able to recreate that magic closer to home one day.
4	I know, there's something to be said about the  irony of a tourist going all the way to Las Vegas to eat a an off-strip chain restaurant.This place is a locals restaurant  that's a bit of a drive from the "strip;" so you won't likely be among the tourist crowd here.The food and service are outstanding. The acoustics (odd thing to mention, I know) are nice, too, as the noise washes over the room, drowning out conversation specifics from other tables, without causing you to raise your voice to talk to those at your own table. Manages to create an air of public privacy.Depending on how long you're in Las Vegas, if visiting, if you want to get away from the casinos and have a quiet dinner with spouse, business associates, etc, then Fleming's is the place I recommend.Note: not much of an after-hours bar, however. Seems more of a dinner time and early post-prandial drinks type of place.
5	5 Stars for the food and customer service.  We came on a Sunday so I had their Prime Rib Special which included the Prime rib, salad, a side of your choice, and desert.  It was very very very good (can I say very one more time).  I will go as far as to say that I actually think the Prime Rib at Fleming's is better than House of Prime Rib in S.F.  The Prime Rib was very juicy, moist, full of flavor.  I ordered it medium and it was cooked perfectly.My boyfriend had the Rib Eye steak and that was also very good.  Unlike Ruth's Chris where they drenched their steak in butter (which I love, but my boyfriend doesn't), Fleming's steak is seasoned with salt and pepper and that's all the steak really needed, you can taste the quality of the meat, it had a lot of flavor.  My boyfriend's sister ordered the Filet Mignon.  She cut a piece and ate it and thought it tasted tough.  She asked me to try a piece and I also thought the meat tasted hard and chewy.  Our server came and she asked him if the plate she had was the filet mignon and he said yes and can tell that she was not happy with her steak so he said he will get another order for her with out her even asking him.  10 minutes later the manager came over to her and said sorry and told her that he will take care of the problem for her.  So when her new piece of filet mignon came out, I can see the manager looking towards our table and I can see that there were a couple of people behind him also looking at our table (some people might find this annoying, but I think it shows that they care and want to see our reactions to see if we happy with the food or not).  We all tried her steak and the second piece that came out was outstanding.  After 5 minutes, the manager came up to my boyfriend's sister again and asked her how the steak was and of course she said it was perfect.  Our sever and his team were all very nice and provided great customer service.  The decor was very classy looking and the ambiance is very romantic if you are trying to bring a date here.I will definitely come back to Fleming's in Vegas.
3	All in all, not bad. In fact I was surprised, since this restaurant is part of a chain and I'm always suspect of chain restaurants.Meat: wet-aged (not my preference). Properly cooked. Perhaps a little underseasoned, but quite juicy and flavorful.Sides: A la carte. Very good, especially the crispy shoestring fries.Wine: Outstanding selection of wines by the glass. This may be the single best thing about the restaurant.Service: Also outstanding. You get a lot of attention from the parking valet onward.It's a signficant distance from the Strip, which in the end probably makes it not worth the effort since there are so many other choices on the Strip that are only a fraction more expensive...but if you live near Summerlin, and don't want to walk miles from a casino parking lot to a casino restaurant (God I hate that), then Fleming's is a pretty good alternative.
4	OK, you know how I feel about chain restaurants and that whole evil blight thing. Well, this place was the exception. I got an invitation from a friend of mine to try this place and though a bit skeptical, I accepted.We had a reservation and this is the only reason I'm taking away a star. When we arrived for our 7:30 reservation time, we had to wait nearly 10 minutes to be seated. Somehow, I was under the impression that a reservation meant you got a seat,,, immediately. Oh well.They seated us in what I thought was the best seat in the house, a round corner booth that was tucked nicely away from the rest of the crowd. The place was a bit noisy and this space lent iteself nicely to avoiding that.Stellar performance by our server. He didn't miss the mark even once and he got a nice chunk of change for that one. Great wine selection too.My salmon was cooked to perfection. I could have left the Teriyaki glaze behind though, since it's too much sugar in a meal that already left me feeling a bit more full than I like. I also had a very nice garden salad, but $8.50? Really? I'm not going to complain too much because it really was that good.
4	No corking fee is the best part of this place. Calamari is great and you can't go wrong with any of the steaks. Last time we went I got the seared scallops, which were amazing. The bar is well stocked, always crowded, which can be a pain sometimes and make it difficult to get to the bar and order drinks but the wait is never long enough to bother me. The service is superior to anyplace we've ever been. The music they play isn't what you'd expect (Frank Sinatra) but rather new pop type music (Rob Thomas).
4	Surprisingly good.  Went for a company dinner and I thought - Oh, great, going to a chain.  Very nice appetizers - calamari with sweet Thai pepper sauce, crab cakes, seared ahi, carpaccio. The grilled salmon was good, others said beef medallion and chicken dishes were cooked well and tasty.  Creme brulee good but not special.
1	After reading all the positive reviews I had positive expectations that were disappointingly not met.The service was atrocious.  I had ordered the rib eye medium.  After forgetting my order, the restaurant proceeded to serve my steak rare.  When they tried to remediate this error, they proceeded to pan fry my rare steak which gave it a medium interior with a well done exterior.  The service ceased at this point with the waitress and she did not even approach the table  for the duration of the evening.
5	This a great neighborhood steakhouse!  The service and food are always consistently good.  Plus sign up for Friends of Flemings and they give you little perks every so often, including gift certificates and free wine tastings!  Get a petite filet mignon, the Flemings potatoes and a glass of cabernet.  You'll be in heaven!  And try the mints on the way out.  They are yummy!
5	We went to Flemings for dinner and ended up staying in the bar for appetizers.  They offer a variety of delicious apps for $6.00 and the drinks were $5.00 & 6.00. The service was great and we were served our drinks and food very fast. We had such a good time we cancelled our dinner reservations and just stayed in the bar. It was a great evening. if you purchase a gift card at costco you het a $100.00 for $80.00now thats a great deal
4	Had reservations, wch were sorely needed this busy night. Who'd have guessed vegas is in a recession with a packed parking lot, overflow seating waiting for tables in the lobby spilled onto the entrance outside. fortunately, we were seated immediately. i chose the filet mignon trio pre fixe $50. my dining partner opted for the bone in ribeye with a caesar salad. my dining experience began with a caprese salad, with thick slices of mozzarella and heirloom tomatoes, almost but not quite as good as the same served at speidini (one of my faves), main course was a trio of petit filets with 3 different sauces, wellington, oscar and au poivre. i loved the bearnaise sauce served in a well beneath the medium rare cooked meat. that was my favorite. yummy!  could only take a bite of each, so filling. not in the mood for wine, so had one martini with bluecheese stuffed olives to start out the night.  my date didn't eat much but said his food was delicious. so i guess i ate for two that night. dessert was a trio of differently prepared creme brulees, but by that time i was stuffed so as a joke, i asked the waiter how he could possibly get my baked goodness to go.  lo and behold, he came back moments later with little to-go ramekins complete with my desserts intact. all in all, date was a little ?yawn sigh? But, truthfully, the food was very filling. and i had loads of creme brulee to satisfy my sweet tooth the next day. and the day after.
5	This place is very upscale. Their rib-eye steak is good. I had shrimp and salad appetizer, both was pretty good too. I love their creme brulee, not too sweet, not to thick, perfect. This place is pack with people, very lively. It's a very nice restaurant to go to for dinner.
5	OMG WHAT A WONDERFUL EXPERIENCE!!My husband and I were celebrating our five year anniversary.  We heard nice things about Fleming's and thought we'd give it a try.  We had a 7:00 reservation and arrived a few minutes early so after we checked in we went to the bar for a cocktail.  My husband ordered a martini, and I was looking over the wine list.  I wanted a pinot, and asked the server what her thoughts were.   She shared her thoughts and said if I wanted I could taste a few different Pinot's.  I thought she was suggesting I could order a flight so I did.  I asked to try three different Pinot's.  She poured all three and brought them for me to try side by side.  Yummy and very fun.  In the mean time, the hostess came by and told us   "there is no hurry at all, but I want to let you know when ever you're ready, your table is available".  Wonderful...So after tasting each of the pours I ordered my favorite and the hostess seated us. (so nice not to be rushed:)  When we paid the tab for our drinks, the bar tender only charged us for the martini and a glass of wine( not the flight)  very nice!Once seated, our waitress was just as attentive and knowledgeable and the food was spectacular!!  We had brought a bottle of wine to have with dinner.  They decanted the wine for us and did not charge us a corkage fee.  After dinner they brought us an assortment of chocolate truffles and again wished us a Happy Anniversary.I'm so happy we celebrated our five year anniversary with Fleming's...it was a wonderful experience!!!
5	I know there are lot's of good Steakhouses around. What set Fleming's apart, was not only the great steaks, but the great service. We went there for our anniversary, and they made it a very special evening. All the staff was great. First, the hostess, told us it would only be a minute for our table to be ready. We went to the bar, ordered drinks, when the hostess arrived and said our table was ready, but to take our time and enjoy our drinks, no rush it was very nice.  When we finally got to our table, the service and food continued to be excellent, good recommendations and no charge for corkage, when they found out it was our anniversary.
2	Craving steaks & didn't feel like driving to the strip so we drove down the street to Fleming's. I've always loved their abundant wine-by-the-glass menu since my wife doesn't drink and a full bottle by myself would be excessive.  We started with crab cakes and calamari...both recommendations from our server.  Crab cakes were decent.  Calamari was inedible as it was drowned in a sweet & sour sauce.  We mentioned it to our server who casually apologized.One of my kids ordered the filet prix fix which was quite delicious.  3 fat cubes of filet on a skewer on a bed of mashed potatoes.  $50 was a good value.  We ordered his medium since he's only 8, but it came medium rare which is better than overcooking.  My other younger kid ordered the side of mac & cheese which was really good.My wife's osao bucco was overcooked and charred.  Inedible.My rib-eye was about super thin and dry.  I asked for it med-rare but it came med-well.  Inedible.The worst part of the meal is that it took 45 min between apps and the entree.  We kept asking our server when the entrees were coming bcuz our kids were starving.  For about 15 min, we didn't even see our server so we just flagged down anybody.  Apparently they had a big holiday party in their banquet room.  I'm sure their food was cooked to the temp requested.Do yourself a favor...drive to the strip, deal with the tourist traffic, do some fun people-watching, and go to a steakhouse that knows how to cook a steak properly.  I think that is the #1 prerequisite if "steakhouse" is in your name...get the temperature right in the meat!!
5	I am a big fan of Fleming's and make a special trip out to this particular location whenever I am in Las Vegas. It is a considerable distance from the strip but well worth the trip, especially for the happy hour. Happy hour is from 5pm-7pm 7 days a week. There are five wines, five martinis (with premium liquor,) 5 appetizers, and the prime burger with cheese and bacon for a mere $6 each.I have been to this Fleming's several times and have always sat at the bar. The service is always excellent and the food and drink quality is top notch. Here is what we ordered:Appletinis - the drinks are strong without being too boozy tasting, and thankfully they are not cloyingly sweet like some flavored martinis. The appletini is made with Grey Goose ($6)White cosmos - Ketel One, peach schnapps, white cranberry juice, and lime juice garnished with dried blueberries. This drink is light and fruity with a nice fragrant sweetness ($6)There were 4 of us and we had prime burgers all around, and at $6 each these are quite the bargain! It is a huge burger with your choice of cheese (2 of us had bleu cheese the other 2 had swiss,) and alot of bacon, served with onion rings or fries. We all ordered the burgers medium rare and they were perfectly cooked, juicy, and delicious.Seared ahi tuna - lightly seared but served cold with a spicy mustard sauce. Quoting one of my dining partners, "This is amazing. I could eat this all day, every day."Beef carpaccio - paper thin slices of heavenly raw beef filet served with a creamy creole mustard sauce and cheesy toast. OMG is all I can say. I have this every time I am in a Fleming's and it is always amazing.We could not resist ordering dessert and had 2 delicious creme brulees. The best part of the desserts at Fleming's is that they are served with a bowl (or a trough if you ask nicely) of fluffy and decadent chantilly cream. While quite amazing we pretty much abandoned the creme brulee and started eating the chantilly cream out of the trough with our spoons while making loud "nom, nom, nom" sounds.Other items on the  $6 happy hour menu:APPETIZERS:SWEET CHILI CALAMARIWICKED CAJUN BARBECUE SHRIMPJUMBO LUMP CRAB CAKES, Red Pepper Sauce COCKTAILS:FLEMING'S CLASSIC, Ketel One VodkaMARGATINI, Gran Centenario Anejo TequilaTROPICAL MARTINI, Malibu Coconut Rum5 WINES BY THE GLASS:PINOT GRIGIO, Redbank, AustraliaCHARDONNAY, Glen Carlou, South AfricaPINOT NOIR, Mark West, CaliforniaPETITE SIRAH, Vinum, CaliforniaCABERNET SAUVIGNON, 14 Hands, Washington As I mentioned earlier the service was excellent. Our bartender was alone behind the bar yet was able to give great service and make great drinks for us while also producing cocktails for a very crowded bar and dining room. Her bright and sincere smile never left her lips and our glasses were never dry. As soon as our glasses were half empty she asked if we needed more cocktails. We didn't have to wait very long for anything. Our food came out of the kitchen amazingly fast and at the correct temperature. The service was extraordinary from the time the door was opened for us and we were greeted by the hostess until the time we were sincerely thanked and wished a good evening, and again had the door opened for us by the hostess. Fleming's is the perfect example of great food and great customer service, and this particular location does not disappoint.
5	A crazy & impressive thing happened today.  I received a phone call on my cell from the manager of this location.  She read my review, researched the reservations, found my name & number, and called me to apologize.  What?!?!  She then proceeded to invite the family back for dinner on her.  I'll assume that the meal will be perfect.  At this point, the effort and the gesture is worthy of 5-stars.  I don't think I've ever received this level of  concern and customer service from a business.  Kudos to Flemings!
5	This is THE HAPPY HOUR SPOT of Las Vegas. $6 drinks/appetizers/meals means best bang for your buck ever.  You really have to come early to get a spot here because by 5:15 the room is packed and you're likely to wait till 6:30 before something opens up. I'm a beer and burger kind of guy so I have to say that this place's prime burger ranks among the best. You're thinking "this is Flemming's, the meal must be small if you're spending only $6", but rest assured anything you pick will be satisfying and quality. I can't wait to be back. In fact, you'll see me there this weekend and maybe next, and next....
4	Exchanged some of my Amex points for a $100 gift card here.  What a great dinner it was.  As a whole meal from beginning to end...it certainly is better than either Morton's or Ruth's Chris.  I like aspects of both those restaurants but certain things still lack for a complete meal.  For ex...we only order steak at Ruth's Chris.  No sides, apps or desserts...cuz they all suck.  But not this place. Fleming's was surprisingly awesome.  The place was also super packed for a random Tuesday night.  The bread for example doesn't come with just butter.  You get a feta cheese butter and a sun dried tomato butter.  I got the ribeye and the wife got the usual rare filet which were both fantastic.  Tons of sides to choose from and went with creamed spinach and mac and cheese. Had some special dessert not on the menu which was basically a super version of a Mcdonald's apple pie w/ cranberries and vanilla ice cream.  Fn great.  They also have a killer happy hour from 5-7.
4	Their 5 for $6 until 7PM happy hour is awesome.  Get there anywhere from 5-5:30PM or you'll be waiting.  The dining area for the bar is small so there's a chance you might miss the dining deal.  5 different cocktails, 5 wine choices and5 appetizers: Tenderloin Carpaccio Calamari (good, but not great)BBQ Shrimp (had it twice now but the first time was way better)Seared Tuna and...i can't remember the last one.The best item is the Fleming's burger. My first visit there, I thought it'd be a slider size burger....but oh no, it's a full size burger that comes with cheese and fries or onion rings.  But I give it 4 stars and not 5 because the burger is the only choice I have for an entree.  I'm expecting their steaks to be on the list, but maybe a little more variety.  I definitely come here if I'm craving a juicy gourmet burger at a fast food chain price.  And the Cabernet is great :)
4	Wonderful service and pretty good food.  We went on a Friday night and the restaurant was busy but not annoyingly so.  We ordered drinks at the bar and were seating pretty quickly after that.  We ordered the Chopped Salad, which I recommend, and the Mozzarella and Sweet Tomato salad, which was a little too sweet (though I'd clearly been warned).  The Filet was excellent, the lamb chops were okay.  The Fleming's potatoes were just potatoes au gratin with jalapenos, which I couldn't taste.  Kinda meh.  We ordered the chocolate lava cake for dessert which was amazing.Overall, this place has my recommendation.  They have a pretty good wine selection as well.
4	We came here for happy hour and everything was great! I came here with a group of friends and we sat in the bar area. I had 2 glass of red wine that were delicious. We also ordered calamari, beef carpaccio and BBQ shrimp. Best part, my share of the bill was only $20 including tip!Fleming's offers "5 For $6 'Til 7" bar menu, featuring 5 tempting appetizers, 5 premium cocktails and 5 distinctive wines by the glass -- each priced at $6 and served nightly until 7 pm.
4	The Happy Hour! Jumbo Shrimp Cocktails are good on the stomach after night of drinking. Seared Ahi Tuna, Didn't know exactly what is was even when the bartender (cutie gurl) was explaining it to me... the Tropical Martini was so strong!!  But yeah when I got it I was little upset, my fault though. Its raw tuna and just the outside is cooked. I saw this brown circle of cooked fish and a middle of red ruby raw fish. I was like ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh I have to eat this. The bartender got little nervous when she saw my face so I quickly tried to look hungry and ate it. I didnt want the Prime Burger cuz my neighbors plate had it and it looked like an AM PM mini burger or those costco mini burger bites.But highly recommend it, not a lot of tourists mostly for locals and good grub for your buck!!!
5	amazing service, went there for my prom was not disappointed, amazing steak some of the finest in las vegas for its price
5	This place was awesome, well off the strip, a local'ish only kind of place.  Food, atmosphere, happy hour was fantastic.  Well worth the cab ride ($35) each way from the strip.  If you drove in, even better.  Flemings Potato's are fantastic.
4	Bone in rib eye is large the F17 sauce is marginable
5	By far one of THE best steakhouses in LV.  The bone in ribeye, Flemings  potatoes, creamed corn and spinach is so good!  On Sundays they have a price fix prime rib special that comes with salad and dessert that is a great value.   This is the place we always choose to celebrate very special family events and holidays.  We have also had Flemings host large parties for us and they do a great job.
4	This place is really nice. I try not to support large corporate businesses such as this, but it's hard to find a mom and pop steak house. The wife took me here for my birthday and I have to say, the food was excellent. The service impeccable.  Very friendly and professional staff. Even got a free chocolate lava cake for dessert!  Outstanding!
4	To start,  we had the Lobster Tempura.  It was decadent.  The jam gave it such a nice balance to the crispy tempura texture.  It was kind of like eating waffles with some fruit jam.  It was salty, sweet and crunchy.  For $20, it's worth it to try it at least once.  For the main course,  I had the chef's special tonight, a petite fillet Mignon with pan seared scallops and grilled asparagus.  The fillet Mignon pan seared and topped with goat cheese.  The fillet was cooked perfectly and it was so tender.  I didn't feel that the goat cheese matched very well with the fillet.  However, my scallops were perfect.  It was cooked perfectly and I can taste the subtle hint of sweetness from the scallops.  Completely yummie.My hubby had the rib eye steak and he totally inhaled it.  I had one bite and it was delicious.  For the sides, we had the Fleming's potatoes.  These were very good.  They're scallop potatoes.  These creamy cheesy potatoes were the best scallop potatoes I've ever had.  Also, we ordered the green beans with mushrooms.  They tasted okay.  It was nothing special and I probably wouldn't order this side again.  The next time I go and there will certainly be a next time, I want the cream of spinach.  I've heard so much about them.  Overall, the meal was excellent.  The total was about $130 without drinks.  -M2
3	This is part of a chain of luxe steakhouses ala your Morton's, your Smiths and Wollenskys, etc. My mother had two birthday dinners this year for family reasons, and this was the first one. I think it was 11/04, for those of you date-obsessed Yelpers.Anyway. We blew a 300+ dollar bill here on a party of six because there was a lot of drinking. Teenaged brother had the mushroom ravioli (okay), dad had the dover sole (really good, excellent saucier work.) The rest of us had steak except for brother-in-law, who had the pork, because brother-in-law is a gentile fool. His pork looked seriously undercooked and rather than complain, he didn't eat most of it. Which is seriously fail at 30+ bucks an entree ala carte, but whatever.Drink review: everyone else ordered off the cocktails menu. I had a sip of some, most notably my sister's mango thing. It was smooth but the vanilla was an odd choice for a flavor dash. I had a dirty martini with gin. It was solid except for the fact that they didn't actually put enough olive juice in it, so they brought me a little carafe of olive juice for me to self-prepare. Which is really excellent service and fail bartending. Anyway. It's solid and in the neighborhood but for the price you could ALSO go somewhere like Cut or Craftsteak or Prime and really blow some minds.
5	Really as good as steak places get.  I had the filet minon and a side of the mac and cheese.  This was really the turning point for me loving mac and cheese from restaurants.  Would would think you could turn $1 box easy dinner into a fabulous side at a nice restaurant.The ambiance is great, super fancy, super expensive.  You get what you pay for and at this place soooo true.  So delicious.  If I have the money to spend on a great steak, I know I can get that here.The waiters are very nice too.  Love great service and a great meal.
4	Nice interior layout with the bar higher up than the dining area. Nice ambiance.  The dress code is more casual and laidback than I expected.  You can either dress up or be in your normal happy hour outfit.  You won't feel over or under dressed.  I'm not too thrilled about their free starter bread.  The calamari was cooked with bell peppers and onion instead of just by itself.  It's a little too saucy than what I'm used to for calamari but it was very tender.  I tried both PORCINI RUBBED FILET MIGNON and PEPPERCORN STEAK.  The portions were smaller than some other steakhouses which was perfect for me.  I actually finished my filet mignon.  It was cooked perfectly.  The peppercorn steak was a little dry and nothing really special.  The service was top notch.  I also received a small box of chocolate because it was my birthday.
4	Really a great steakhouse. Great service, the meats are perfectly cooked. The lobster tempura is to die for. Nice wine list. The price is up there but it is a high end (but casual) place. Can not go wrong. It's money well spent.
2	It's OK.We had a GC so t'was the only reason as to why we wanted to come in and check it out and came in during HH, so we thought we were set. BUT, when I called in double check the time of HH, the female on the phone failed to mention that it was only at the bar. Thanks, trick.Service was great but I wasn't a fan of the atmosphere. I HATE low lighting, I mean, I get it, it's romantic and all that cheesy, shmeesy stuff, but can I at least see the menu?After our eating here, I would have rather have gone to Morton's or even Ruth's Chris. It was just an overall disappointment on the flavor. Portions, presentations were ok but the flavor was a thumbs down experience.Nope, not coming back.
2	I feel that I need to preface this review by stating that I've visited some pretty swanky restaurants in my day, or I'm going to come off and some kind of unrefined rube. When it comes to Fleming's I felt that they amped up the ridiculous service and lost the idea behind  a great restaurant. My wife took me here for my birthday which was very nice of her. She made a reservation and from that point on the hostess, server, and assistant manager all called us by name. OK, nice touch...whatever. Here's where it gets a little obnoxious, and bear in mind that I get it... There is something nice about being treated like an infant at a restaurant... (rolling eyes).Upon entering the place, I counted 4 people that asked if we'd like our coats checked, ok thorough. Then we are escorted to the table and we are asked if we'd prefer a black napkin instead of white, really? Our server made it a point to refer to us by name during every encounter and at the end of the meal we got her card in case we'd like to request her next time. Im not saying that any of this was unpleasant, but it's overdone... We got lobster tails and there was a guy who came over, referred to us by name and cut the meat from the shell. The manager came over twice to say hello and ask if everything was ok... OK ENOUGH!! Let me eat in peace!My question is this, I'm trying to have a nice dinner with my wife and people are Constantly at our table! Do they really think we came to hang out with the staff? I realize that they are just doing their jobs but c'mon! if I wanted people running up to my table every few minutes, i'd eat with crazed children begging for tokens at Chuck E Cheese! (plus they have skee-ball)The food was great, except that they cooked her steak wrong which is funny for such an overattentive staff. I think the manager apologized 13 times. To me, it's not a big deal but they were all running around apologizing. RELAX!Water was filled, wine was great, bill was a little high but we knew that going in. Overall if you want a place to pamper you to death then you have it here. For me.. I can put my own napkin on my lap.
3	I'm not a big fan of steakhouses in general, but I went with a group of 10 colleagues, and I just went with the flow.  The food was typical of any upscale steakhouse.  A la carte steaks, seafood, and decent side dishes and desserts.  The atmosphere is very good.  I think the lighting was perfect, unlike one of the other reviewers who thought it too dark.  It was packed, and therefore a bit noisy.The scalloped potatoes and lobster tempura were my favorites. The crab cake appetizer was disappointing.  I ordered the Alaskan sole, which was ok. Reading other reviews would make one think that the service is awesome here, but not tonight.  Maybe I'm spoiled, but there are a few details that really bugged me.They have an extensive wine list, and our host selected a very nice 2002 Cab.  The wine came out in decanters, and the server put the decanters on the table without pouring.  Ok, maybe giving it time to breathe.  But just seconds later, he started randomly pouring the wine for some of us, then walked away.  I thought perhaps he was pouring for those people who didn't have cocktails, which some of us brought over from the bar.  That would have made sense, but no, that wasn't it.  Even my boss, who ordered the wine, wasn't served.  So after a few minutes, I grabbed a decanter and started pouring a glass for myself, and offered to pour for him.  The waiter came over and said hang on, I'll get that for you.  Then he poured for a few other people.  Interestingly, the only 2 women at the table were among the last to be served.  No big deal, but I have come to expect that ladies be served first. The entrees came out, once again my boss, and the one who was paying the bill, didn't get his entree with everyone else.  We two ladies got our entrees nearly last, and the servers confused the dishes.  We said that was wrong, he said, oh I'll fix that for you in a minute, walked away.  No big deal, we swapped our dishes ourselves, but really. Then halfway through our meal, a manager came out with a half eaten re-fired steak.  Did someone get a refired steak?  Umm, not this table. Was kind of weird to have someone try to serve me someone elses well done half eaten steak.In general, the servers just seemed kind of sloppy.  Not offering new silverware, stacking dishes, food not coming out at the same time.Since one of the orders came out so late, we did get dessert comped.  A nice selection with large portions of various goodies from chocolate lava cake to cheesecake.  The key lime pie was very good.To their credit, they were packed on a tuesday night.   My $5 happy hour cocktail was good.The bill with tip came out to about $150 a head.  For that price, I would have expected more.  On the other hand, I am usually  disappointed with steakhouses like Morton's and Ruths Chris - they're just not for me.   If I want a steak,  I"m equally, if not more satisfied, with firing up the backyard grill.
1	Last Sunday was my second time at Flemings.. And again I was very very disappointed.. The first time I was there I had the bone-in ribeye and it was really good, but the service was terrible. My second time was worse. My girlfriend and I ordered the prime rib.. It had no taste!!! 4 queens prime rib was A LOT better. The service was very slow. It took 30 mins just to get the appetizer!! I already lost my appetite by the time it got there. I had 2 loaves of bread with my gf because we had to wait so long.. It took another 30-40 mins to get my prime rib.. I wouldn't have been so upset if the prime rib tasted better, but the bread had more taste!! The Mac n cheese was ok.. Rm sushi's Mac n cheese is soo much better. The cheesecake was decent. It tasted like the jack in the box cheesecake.. I probably won't go back to Flemings. The bill came out to 120... And we still left a $20 tip..if we ever decide to go back, hopefully they'll have better service .
1	I went here with my girl and was very disappointed. She had the chicken, bland in taste, she didn't even want to take it home but I did so the dog could eat it. I had the filet mignon with asparagus which was a big let down as well, not quite warm and the portion looked like I got the last one in stock along with maybe 2 pieces of the asparagus. We were asked if we would like some more bread to go with our meals and we said yes please but  the bread never came. The worst part was the service, our waiter was to concerned flirting with the girl at the big table next to us so we were left to choke down our meals with no refreshing beverage. I would expect this from an ihop but honestly we have had better service at an ihop, At-least once a month we go to a new high end steak house and are always happy with our experience but II am so glad we found yelp to forewarn  anybody thinking of giving this place a shot, skip it. Not worth the buck twenty
4	My boyfriend was here from Ohio on an extended visit and was craving a good steak. It was kind of last minute so a reservation at my preferred steakhouse (Smith & Wollensky's on the Strip) was not going to happen. I looked up steakhouses here on yelp and found Flemmings. I was happy to make my reservation here online and looked forward to dinner.The bone in rib eyes were good but the dry aging at S&W is hard to compare to and so far, everyone has failed. The company I was keeping made the dinner one I will remember and the meal was very good as well. If I can't get into S&W again, I will be back.
3	Service was substandard at this fleming's location. Wine list was very good, but service slow. Scalloped potatoes and porcinini rubbed  fillet were very good, but the soft fillet was grainy. I haven't encountered this before. So I have to knock a star off. It was the char and the porcini sauce that made the steak, not the meat itself. Something seemed wrong.The night I went servers were dawdling around and the placed closed early. The salamander was turned off a half hour before last table time. This infuriates me. I don't know how a restaurant can charge these prices in this area and get away with such bad service. I was generally not happy with this Fleming's location and I think the prices in San Francisco Bay Area were actually cheaper than this place.The ZD Cab was excellent, and the Italian white they had was very good. I was underwhelmed by the meal at this price point. Super high end food is getting harder to find and quality is dropping across the board to deal with rising food costs.
4	Happy Hour is until 7pm and it is a great value for good food and wine. The bar is not big enough for socializing, but if you're looking for quality food at a good price in a more upscale environment, this is the place.
4	One of my favorite happy hour spots!I've been here for dinner and it's pretty good but in Vegas, there's probably at least another 30 steakhouses you can go to. What differentates this steakhouse for me is the value of their happy hour.  This place sh1ts all over Kona Grill's happy hour.We had each of the 5 appeteizers offered:  Tenderloin Carpaccio, Sweet Chili Calamari, Seared Ahi Tuna, Cajun BBQ Shrimp, and a Mushroom Ravioli.They also offer wine by the glass and cocktails.  Every item is 6 bucks which makes it affordable to hit this spot frequently.The only downside is in terms of food, there's only 5 items and i'm not sure how often it rotates.  Also, it's only served in bar till 7pm.  BUt still, for the value and quality of food for 6 bucks an appeteizer, you can't beat it.
3	I'm all about the steak.  I love to eat steak on a daily basis, so on a whim my hubby and I stopped by at Fleming's for dinner.  The dimmed seating area was romantical, and the service was great.  They even ask you if you prefer dark napkins before being seated.  The steaks were good.  They are juicy and flavorful.  The sides were yummy, too.  From their whipped potatoes to the vegetables, everything was delish.  So, you may be asking me, "why 3 stars", and the reason why is because it was just "eh" to me.  I wasn't wowed, nor did I dream of the steak or crave it the next day like I do with some others.  Still, for $125 for the meal, I wanted to feel more with the food.  I wanted to feel the love in the meat, the care for the cuts, and I somehow missed it.  Maybe it was the nonchalant servers or the sophisticated atmosphere.  Either way, it was a nice experience.Overall, I have to say that they have good steaks, but after eating Gallagher's, Morels, and others down on the strip, the bar is set high on my palette.
3	Ambiance...very nice.Service...very good. Our waiter Mike was professional.Wine....The house merlot was excellent.Now for the entrees....the steak was lightly seasoned. Cooked to medium rare perfection. The only thing I did not like was the quality of the meat. It did not have the marbling consistency of prime meat. We ordered sauteed mushrooms & mac and cheese. Both were delicious. Chocolate lava cake was divine.My experience here was pretty good. Meat quality is a little questionable.
3	I really had my hopes up on this one and i was pretty let down. Now the customer service was great but the food not the best i have had. Probably will not go back.
5	This is one of my absolute favorite dining (& happy hour) spots in all of Vegas!  I've probably been here no less than 10 times.  Every time the service is consistently flawless - fast, friendly & accurate.  The food is cooked perfectly to order.It was at this very place last year on Friday, October 29th that I experienced food and wine pairing magic.  We had brought in our own wine that I received as a birthday gift, a 1979 Joseph Phelps Insignia that we paired with our first course of beef carpaccio.  I was in such bliss I nearly slid right out of my seat onto the floor.  For happy hour you can't go wrong with any of the food offered: Ahi Tuna with mustard wasabi sauce, Sweet Chili Calamari, Mushroom Ravioli, Cajun bbq shrimp, and the Tenderloin Carpaccio.  They call it the 5 for $6 until 7.  They offer 5 wines, 5 cocktails, & 5 apps from 5-7 daily.  The management team deserves recognition for consistently maintaining very high quality standards that you can count on and look forward to.
5	This is a very bittersweet 5 stars for me.  There happy hour is from 5-7pm every day.  They have a burger at the bar that is $6 dollars at this hour!  This is by FAR one of the best burgers I have ever had.  I cannot stress this enough!!  Even though the prices are so cheap at happy hour, the service is still great.  It's a cool dark atmosphere in the bar area.  My one issue though is that lately, the past 3 times I have been there, it is hard to get a table.  But what can I expect for such amazing prices for such good food?  Anyway, the last 2 times we couldn't even get a table, but I still give it 5 stars.  My advice is to get there early.  I hate writing reviews at this hour, I get so hungry.
4	As far as steaks go, and that's the only reason we ever go there, it's about as good as any of the "major" steakhouses in Las Vegas. It seems always fairly crowded, but when we want a good steak and don't want to drive to The Palm or Morton's (which is almost never for me), Fleming's is great.I can't vouch for the Wine Bar, however, as I only drink "scotch" wine. Give it try, pricey, but good. Can't vouch for "Happy Hour" either, never been at that time. How uncivilized. I'm not sure what "dressy" means, but leave your fanny packs at home and look nice.
4	Feel like feeling fancy? Fleming's has your number. This place is classy, busy and knows how to treat its customers. I came here for my ::garble garble::th birthday celebration with my parents and boyfriend. I suggested Famous Dave's to which my parents scoffed and said I needed to go somewhere that doesn't serve meals on a trash can lid. What can I say, I'm easy to please. This food was top notch. The steak I got was one of the best I've ever eaten in my life. I'm big on condiments so I was drawn to their F-17 sauce. I didn't even ask what it was, I just got it and I was glad I did, added a nice spice. The sides, served family style, were awesome and plentiful. Mashed potatoes piled high, green beans...they had it all. Dessert was presented beautifully with Happy Birthday written nicely with syrup on the plate. Of course, come here for the amazing food but don't forget about the great service. The servers are extremely professional and polite. Multiple people including the manager made sure we were enjoying our meal and told me happy birthday, not in a stand on the table and sing awkwardly way, in a classy enjoy your day kind of way. I really enjoyed the experience and I don't want to wait for another big event to dine here again.
5	I might be biased since I handle some of Fleming's PR, but this truly is one of my FAVORITE restaurants in Las Vegas. All the staff, from the hostesses, to the waiters and wine managers, to Chef Travis and Jackie are amazing and friendly. I've taken many people to dine here, and they always have a great meal and a fabulous experience. Some of my favorites/ must haves...- Lobster Tempura- Prime Burger (2nd best burger in Vegas next to Bradley Ogden in Caesars IMO)- All the new Small Plates items- Fleming's Potatoes- Creamed CornEnjoy! And say hi to Jackie and Travis. They love their guests.
3	Have dined at this site a few times before this review.  This is an excellent restaurant if you are looking for ambiance.  Husband ordered strip steak and I ordered filet mignon and while they were "fine", for the price we have had better.  Good food and service but over priced for what you are getting.  They have new small plates menu and we may consider trying that in the bar as opposed to eating in the dining room.  Wine prices over the top.
5	I really, really tried my best to hate on Fleming's.  See, I'm kind of a food snob, so when I crave a delicious steak, I usually find myself at some independent local joint, not a chain owned by the Outback.  But when Fleming's sent me an email saying they're offering $25 off any check of $50 or more for the rest of the year, I had to give it a shot.From the moment I walked in the door, I was treated to really good customer service.  Well, that's not quite true.  I arrived at 8:51pm for a 9pm reservation and was told they weren't ready to seat us, yet.  Seemed a bit odd as they had open tables.  We grabbed a seat at the bar and perused the menu, and before we could decide if we were going to get a drink first, they came over to seat us.  From then on, it was great customer service.I ordered the filet mignon medium rare and my buddy Mario ordered a different cut, don't remember which one.  Mine was $40 and his was $42, and both were absolutely delicious.  Neither of us left a bite of steak on our plate.  I'm going back soon and getting Mario's choice because it had so much flavor.  Fleming's also offers complimentary sauces for your steak, of which Mario partook in one.We were also celebrating my birthday, and they brought the hugest piece of chocolate cake I've ever seen for a freebie.  When the check came, it was just over $60 after tax.  They took off the $25 pre-tax, so actual savings is more like $27.  We left a handsome tip and vowed to come back within the next week.I'm very tempted to come here solo and have a steak and an appetizer for even cheaper!UPDATE 08/24/12: I finally went for happy hour and tried their $6 burger.  Amazing.  Not the best burger I've ever had, but plenty tasty, and HUGE for $6.  And it came with two delicious onion rings and a fantastic dipping sauce.  Only ordered a water with it and got no "happy hour attitude" from the staff.  Love it.
4	There are crazy options in Las Vegas for steak lovers such as myself. If that weren't the case, Fleming's might be a 5-star, favorite steakhouse of mine. It's still close and that counts for something. At the moment, they are running a $25 off promo for purchases $50 or more, as long as you make an online reservation. This expires in January I believe. I love the customer service here, as well as the close proximity to my house. The hostess was great, as well as the server and the awesome guy who brings out the food. He literally balanced at least 8 or 9 plates on one arm while bringing food out to a different table. I gotta thank Rob for suggesting this place, and for knowing about the crazy good deal going on.As per the server Britney's suggestion, I ordered a $42 Medium Plus (apparently that's a thing) bone out Rib-Eye. It was pretty massive and very juicy. It was pretty much cooked to perfection, with a nice char on the outside. I am weening myself off more cooked steaks, it's not easy to do when you grow up on leathery well-done steaks (thanks Dad :P). I thought I loved my steaks well done, but chose to force myself to cook and order them medium well for a while now, for added juiciness and flavor. Now I might be on a Medium Plus kick for a while. I will never be at the point that Rob's at, ordering his filet Medium Rare. Yikes. But I tried a slightly more cooked piece of his filet, on the outer edge. It was delicious. I really like their parmesan bread, I can't say the same thing for their weird spreads that come with it. I wasn't a fan. I also tried one of the complimentary sauces they offer. It was the peppercorn, and it was delicious. Once I dropped a subtle hint that we were celebrating Rob's B-day, they brought out a massive delicious piece of chocolate cake. It was a little rich, but that was mostly just the icing. With the current promo, Fleming's is a no brainer. After January, I'm not 100% sure I'll be back on any kind of regular basis. It's basically the same price as the slightly better quality steakhouses. And there are way too many steakhouses here that I haven't yet tried. But we'll see, the customer service was outstanding, and it's really close and convenient. Oh and I'm gonna upload a few pics as well. I just want to note that I'm proud of myself for restraining from using any meat puns in this review. A pun-less review from me is pretty rare..... Oh, Dammit!
3	Went to this uppity steak restaurant expecting great things, and was only moderately satisfied.  The place is very nice.  The atmosphere is easily that of a first date or an anniversary date.  The service was top notch and very friendly.  Now onto the food and drink!I ordered the beef medallion dinner special, which came with a salad and dessert for around $40.  Great price, that much is for sure.  The salad was really nice.  Fresh spinach with a very flavorful vinaigrette that I just couldn't get enough of.  It tasted like it was sauteed in mushrooms or something.  The medallions were good, but overly cooked (I ordered medium rare), and a bit dry.  I suppose this cut of meat tends to be dry, but it just was a little bit of a let down.  I tasted my friend's rib eye (medium rare), and it was perfect.  It melted in my mouth, and was delicious!  I only wish my medallions were as good.  The dessert was nice as well.  I went with a bread pudding.  As far as bread puddings go, it was tasty, but nothing mind blowing.  Overall for food, I give this place 4 stars.Why for the three stars?  Well, the wine list is pretty extensive.  Three or four pages on the menu make up the wine list.  That is great and everything, but the restaurant's website and menu also advertises that it has "craft beer and local beer."  I was really looking forward to a good IPA with my steak.  Let me tell you what "craft beer" means to Fleming's because they didn't have any local beer, and the waitress made it sound like they won't in the future.  They offer Redhook IPA, Boston Lager, Widmer's crappy Hef, and Bluemoon.  Really?  This is blatant false advertising as far as I am concerned.  The owners/managers need to take a trip to Stone Brewery and learn what craft beer is.  If that is too foreign of a market, take a trip over to Yard House at least!  Get with the program, Fleming's!
4	One of my goals (I don't do resolutions) for 2012 is to start Yelping more-2011 was too busy for words!  So, let's start with my NYE dinner at Fleming's with the beau.  We had a reservation at 8:15pm and only had to wait 15 minutes to be seated--not bad considering it was a busy holiday night.  I won't reiterate what others have probably said about this upscale chain other than to share a few highlights.  The service was impeccable throughout our meal.  I LOVE good service since it can be scarcer than extra money in my bank account.  I thoroughly enjoyed the tomato and mozzarella salad I started with.   I don't eat red meat that often, so I appreciated the fact that my petite filet mignon was cooked medium just the way I ordered it.  The mashed potatoes as the side were buttery; I ignored the fact that they may have been clogging up my arteries with every bite.   And the creme brulee that ended the meal was absolutely delicious.  In this economy, I haven't had the chance to eat out at the more expensive dining establishments our town has to offer as often as in the past.  Choosing to eat at Fleming's on New Year's ended up being the perfect choice for us because it was close to home and we got to stay away from the Strip.  I look forward to dining here again on another special occasion since I know it's a reliable choice for fine food and service.   Happy New Year, Yelpers!
5	I recently had the pleasure of going out for a burger with a fellow food blogger who turned me onto several great new locations for burgers and some other good food in town. He suggested we meet up at an off-the-strip location that wasn't anywhere on my radar, and although he's a much more established writer than yours truly, I really wasn't sure if I could trust his judgment as I've been steered in the wrong path quite often in this town. The restaurant was Fleming's Prime Steakhouse and Wine Bar, and luckily so far his recommendations are 1 for 1.Fleming's is located in Summerlin amidst quite a number of stuffy people and restaurants. When I pulled up to the restaurant I noticed that they offered valet, but since I typically hate valeting my car I thought I'd try some of my parking karma. After a long drive around most of the parking lot in the back, I caved and pulled back in front to valet my car. After being through this, I would suggest using their valet service if you ever go; they park right in front of the place and have your car there in seconds.The burger in question is only served at their bar and not in the main restaurant, and to top it off the burger is half price during happy hour. More on that in a bit. We chose to meet on a Friday night at 6, if you're going to do this prepare for a bit of a crowd. We ended up running into a couple friends I knew so we were able to kind of sneak an extra seat into the bar and sit pretty quickly, but don't necessarily count on this as there were many people hovering until around 8. The bar itself has maybe a dozen or so seats, plus several high top tables of 4 seats each.They offer a couple choices for the burger, but per my recommendation I went with the Fleming's Prime Burger which comes with cheddar and peppered bacon. And based on some inside info, I was told that the meat is basically the trimmings of their steaks and prime meats that they offer, so this promised to be quite a burger. And it was. The meat had really great flavor, and was cooked perfectly to medium-rare as ordered. It was juicy all the way through, but not too messy. The cheddar was melted thoroughly, and the challah-like bun was soft and delicious. The peppered bacon was mostly crispy, maybe a tiny bit undercooked in a couple spots, but also had really great flavor.The fries were also a pleasant surprise; after having a series of disappointing French fry experiences lately these were quite good. Maybe some a little undercooked, but really great natural cut fries with good flavor. If I were to have any complaint about them at all it would be that there weren't quite enough, I almost had to watch my intake to make sure I had a bite of French fry to accompany every bite of my burger until the end.All of this leads up to what is a fantastic price; regularly this is a $12 offering which I think is more than reasonable for what you get, and a total steal when you compare it to other burgers of the same price point like Smashburger, Five Guys or even some more expensive ones on the strip. If you still have any doubt about a $12 burger, the half price option at happy hour should seal the deal. The closest thing you can get to that price is Henry's or In-N-Out, and neither of those is quite comparable even though I'm still a huge fan of the old In-N-Out. So even if you can't make it in for the happy hour price I say this is more than worth it, but for $6 I compel you to find better.
5	This is your classic American steak house with your classic american menu choices.This is also your classic amazing tasting steak!We celebrated a birthday dinner here and was not disappointed.First the price... of course it's a little on the expensive side, this isn't your outback steak house Friday night steak outings,  this is good ol' american culinary classic steak house.   So no surprise seeing $30-$50 cuts of beef on the menu with $10 side choices.Bread was fresh with two choices of butter ( can't remember what they were infused with but i remember both being delicious, sorry!)We started with calamari (rhode island style with hot peppers and topped with a sweet chill sauce).  This didn't blow me away, in fact i wish the sweet chili sauce was on the side as it made the calamari a little soggy (maybe if you order this try asking for it on the side). Wine list was satisfactory, we went with a Red. Parducci Syrah, not too dry and a delicious paring for red meat!STEAK:Ordered the prime ribeye (my fav cut) cooked to medium temp. Perfectly cooked with juices flowing as i cut into my steak.  Seasoned well with a nice char on the outside, perfectly pink in the middle and a little fat on the cut was just what i needed. The girlfriend ordered the Filet mignon which was also cooked to her liking and was tender beyond a Katherine Heigl rom-com!You can choose to order 4 different complimentary sauces on the side ( we tried the bernaise and peppercorn with the latter being my preferred choice)although a good steak doesn't need sauce, sometimes i like a little variety. SIDES:Ordered the Flemings potatoes (scalloped potatoes topped with cream, jalapenos and cheddar). Don't fear the jalapenos, they weren't spicy at all and just added a nice little kick to the potatoes. I recommend this as a side!We also ordered roasted mushrooms. It was a perfect blend of button and portobello  mushrooms with some fresh garlic cloves that perfectly complimented the steak. (why was the mushroom invited to the party? Because he was fun-gi! harhar)We were too full for desert (and maybe a little tipsy from the bottle of wine..a little) but would like to try the lava cake on our next visit.SERVICE:Well above average.  After checking in with the host, we were promptly escorted to our table preceded by a "welcome mr. surname". When our server approached us, he stated "so who's birthday our we celebrating?" I totally forgot when i made the reservation online, there was a drop down box with special events and i had selected birthday. Nice little touch from Flemings. We were waited upon by at least 3 different servers who were ALL Friendly and made nice little quips of conversations most ending with laughter. A supervisor also checked in with us post meal to ask how everything was that evening.  The service definitely had me bringing up the tip percentage (maybe the wine helped too) to well above standards.Overall a memorable birthday dinner.  Food was delicious. Service was excellent. Ambiance was what we expected (not romantic per se but still classy ). We would definitely be coming back (maybe on prime rib sundays for $29.99..say whaaaa?!)I still like Lawrys/Mortons/Smith & Wollensky but Flemings is a great choice for STEAK NIGHT!
3	Have you ever ate something and compared it to something else that was slightly better. Or while you're eating it was missing that 1 thing that could make the overall meal perfect. Ok so my co workers and I went here for a business dinner. I ordered the rib eye (Bone in) Oscar Style. By the way this is one of my favorite dishes when I visit other Steak House restaurants. Well to keep it short, the flavor was excellent however my piece had a lot of fat. The Potatoes are great, the service was ok. Overall I gave this place 3 stars because in addition to my description above, it was overpriced.
4	I wasn't sure what to expect when we arrived at Flemings, but I knew it would be pretty nice. Their dining area is set up in a big open space so the noise level can be pretty loud. Lighting is intimate, decor is nice and for a Saturday night we couldn't get reservations till 8:45 pm.Since it was so late and we were starving, we started off with the Baked Brie. It was toasty flakey goodness with lots of melty cheese. My husband totally loved it, I liked it, but I loved the apples more. It was fairly rich though so we could not finish it all. I ended up ordering the Petit Filet Mignon (8 oz) and the husband ordered the ribeye. We ordered the Fleming's potatoes and creamed spinach for sides. My petit was cooked perfectly and I really could only eat about half of it before I gave it to my husband. I didn't try his ribeye but from what I could tell by his empty plate he loved it. Fleming's potatoes were the highlight of my life....me and potatoes are besties! I wonder if I could order this again to go....even though it had jalapenos in it, it had no heat. I could have used a lil bit of heat which is surprising since I am such a wuss when it comes to spicy foods. We were too full for dessert so we opted out. (Forgot to mention that I love the Bernaise sauce and the husband enjoyed the Madiera sauce I think!Service was alright.....I wasn't too impressed as the server had dropped off our check and we waited about 15 minutes before we gave our card to someone else to take care of. The server was chatting with friends and being as we were one of the last ones there, you would think service would be better. That kind of ruined my experience, but I got over it and I definitely want to try Flemings for their happy hour. P.S. Their complimentary cheese bread and sun dried tomato buttah is heaven!
5	Wonderful Prime Rib on Sunday nights. Girlfriend took me here for my birthday, thanks babe! We enjoyed a few cheap drinks at the bar during happy hour (anytime before 7pm) and delicious appetizers of tenderloin carpaccio and the cajun shrimp. Then we sat for a top notch dinner, which was accompanied by attentive and prompt service. I could find no faults (not that I was looking for them) throughout the entire dining service. They even asked my girlfriend if she wanted a black napkin instead of a white one because of her dress. Classy! 4.5/5 stars really. (when will yelp add half ratings??)I must mention, there was some not so classy people sitting next to us, dipping a $50 dollar steak in Ketchup sauce. omg... Please people, order medium rare always and only au jus....
1	All I have to say is fuck. this. place. We came in for happy hour and first of all, the hostess' were NOT FRIENDLY. At a supposed "five star restaurant" to be greeted by an unhappy host, no thank you. The first thing the waitress asked me for was my ID. I told her I was not drinking nor anyone that we were with. (Yes, I know it is normal to have drinks for happy hour but I'm under 21 so someones gotta take one for the team, right?)She immediately told me that we were not allowed to stay for happy hour because I was under the age of 21. As a newbie to Nevada, I assumed this was a state law because I go to happy hour frequently in California. Please note that I was not sitting at the bar, but at a TABLE.I wasn't going to argue with the bitch inside of a classy restaurant so we left, but for your information Fleming's, I went to happy hour at another restaurant and did not have a problem. I wish this business the best of luck but do not expect it to succeed after pushing out customers.
5	Had dinner with my wife this past Saturday.  She ordered the Cobb salad  with filet and lobster.  She said it was very yummy. I ordered the shrimp scampi which was also yummy.  We shared the mushrooms and were too full for dessert.This was our second time at a Flemings and each time our meal was fantastic.
5	This updated review is for their lava cake only! We got to come back a couple days after our first visit and we had ordered the lava cake for dessert! Deliciousness! Melty chocolately not overly sweet moist cake with aweome ice cream! I definitely recommend this dessert for anyone that goes to Flemings. My filet wasn't as awesome as the first time, some tough pieces to chew through, but I still loved the Fleming's Potatoes! We also got the sauteed spinach instead of the creamed spinach and I liked it 10 times more. Service was better this time around, but they weren't extremely busy for a Wednesday night! I will definitely be back for Happy Hour and Lava Cake!
5	I do not know how they could have done any better.  Our foursome went on a Sunday night.  It might have been a little slow for them, but they didn't let that disappoint them.Made reservations through Yelp for 7:30.  Very slick.  We arrived about 7:00 and they said they would try to accommodate us a bit early.  We said, "No problem" and headed for the bar.  Bar service was very good.  They do this first pour of wine into a mini carafe then pour that into a wine glass.  I think this is because their wine glasses are so large it would look like you were being shorted.  This way seemed like extra work but I understand why.Waitress was outstanding.  She anticipated our needs and timed her appearances very well.  We all had the Sunday night prime rib special.  Felt like this was an outstanding deal which included the prime rib, choice of salad, choice of side and choice of dessert.  I had the Fleming salad and grilled asparagus and the carrot cake for my choices.  My wife had the Fleming salad, Fleming potatoes (sort of an au gratin potato kicked up) and the lava cake.  We shared liberally.  Not a sour note to be found.  Service was top notch.We would not hesitate to go back.
2	Another sign the economy is improving ... Flemings has tightened up their Happy Hour.  Gone is the seared Ahi and the classic martini.  The happy hour drink and food specials that remain are tasty but just don't cut it  due to the limited selection and small portion sizes.
5	Always friendly and fast service!  Whether you are sitting in the bar for a coctail & app or sitting in the dining area you will see everyone is enjoying themselves.  If ordering a filet ask for the center cut.  The house mash is great but what really keeps me coming back time after time is the tempura lobstaer and cajun shrimp starters.  Give me an order of those and a vodka martini and I would be in heaven!
4	I am a regular fan of Fleming's, but had never before tried its Las Vegas location.  A Filet & Lobster Special for $34.95 drew Diane and me in with another couple.  After our meal was completed, we were quite glad that we had come.To begin at the beginning, we were presented with excellent chewy Rosemary Sourdough Bread with Chardonnay & Feta Cheese Butter.  Mmmmm!  Delicious!  Sun-Dried Tomato Butter was also offered, but I was not as fond of it.French Onion Soup that came next was good but small, and the cheesy top was not fully capped.  A small Wedge Salad with vibrant Cherry Tomato halves, Blue Cheese Crumbles, and a Blue Cheese Dressing was excellent.  After 2 quickly downed glasses of Iced Tea, my small glass was smartly exchanged by our server for a large globe.  But later, just as she was pouring me a refill from a pitcher, the very attentive waitress was suddenly bumped from behind by a plate deliverer, and I was doused with Iced Tea.  It was no big deal, and not our server's fault.  But the manager came over, gave me her card, and said that the restaurant would pay for any needed drycleaning of my shirt and pants.  I appreciated the gesture, but regular washing by Diane took care of the problem, with no lingering stains.  And, except for the splash, service was otherwise exemplary.My medium-rare Filet was excellent although peppery, and the meaty Lobster Tail was large and sweet, as I had hoped it would be.  Requested Bearnaise Sauce for the steak was somewhat viscous and excellent.  And, Drawn Butter for the  crustacean was tasty until it grew cold.  The busy restaurant was out of warmers, announced our server apologetically.  Sauteed Button Mushrooms yielded a very good side, and so did a platter of thin buttered Green Beans mixed with quite a few slices of mushroom.  But had I known that these greens would come with mushrooms, I probably would not have ordered a side of mushrooms, as well.We finished with Chocolate Lava Cake that came with Vanilla Ice Cream and Chantilly Whipped Cream.  It was a tasty end to a fine meal!
5	Delicious!!!  I ordered the Filet mignon, potatoes, and mac.... cleared my plate within minutes.  btw, the french onion soup is AMAZING!!!  The service here was great too.
1	Happy hour. not busy. Not dead. nice but forgetful, slow service.  Food good. probably will not return soon.  not a must-go-to return destination.  Valet service seems ridiculous--parking is RIGHT THERE.
4	I had dinner here with a friend tonight... I have to say that i have been a fan of flemings for awhile...  I started with the crab cakes and the french onion soup... I liked both,,, too much filler for me on the crab cake, soup was good but how hard is french onion soup... I had a salad wedge,, it was delish and i was satisfied by it... The entree was the prime bone in rib eye, med rare.. It was very good and hit the spot, some people say you ruin the steak wit A1 but hey its my steak... I can never finish it so i usually have a nice meal later...The sides were a huge baked tater,, i couldnt finish it, it came home also, the mac and cheese was good,, for some reason i love stouffers mac and cheese... Dessert was the creme brulee,  i always get this everytime where its available,,, i really like how they do theirs...  Dinner for 2 can get well over 200 bucks so i treat this as a special occasion... I love their service and their food.. Flemings is always on my list of places to eat for a special dinner....
3	My parents rarely take themselves out & I'm grateful to have the chance to treat them to a nice outing whenever I can. I was planning on taking my Father out to dinner at Wicked Spoon for Father's Day, but by the time he got off work that place would be closed. Since I took off work, I thought Fleming's would be the next best thing to try without worrying about the time. I took the last reservation at 9p.m. & we were promptly seated upon arrival. The hostess was welcoming, asked how I'm doing and how my day was, which was a pleasant to hear. She also informed me who's my server & wished us both to have a nice dinner & actually wished my Father.. & Happy Father's Day to you sir. My Father lit up & said.. Thank you thank you. That sure brought a smile on his face and to witness that.. brought a smile to mine. Great job to this hostess!!!It took a few moments for our server, Sarah to greet us & by that time, we were already ready to order. We, both decided to get their Prime Rib Dinner. It comes with a choice of salad, one side, & one dessert. Like Father, like Daughter.. we ordered everything the same... Fleming's Salad - Not spectacular or anything to rave about. There were too much sliced purple onions, which I had to put aside. The dried cranberries, croutons, & tomatoes were just okay. Extremely simple & looked cheap. The candied walnuts were overly covered with rock hard caramel, that I warned my Father to watch out in consuming it. You could literally hear me crack the candied part in my mouth & it wasn't a good feeling against my teeth. The best part... the dressing was tangy & fresh. The presentation itself wasn't appealing at all. Baked Potato (Fully Loaded) - As the side we chose... It was the Best in our entire meal. My Father noted that it was his first time ever seeing such an enormous size potato & all its fixins. It came exactly in this order of toppings on the baked potato.. sour cream, butter, green onions, bacon & cheddar cheese as being a happy surprise in the very end as you dig inside. We enjoyed this Very much & it was one of the most flavorful fully loaded baked potato I ever tasted. Each bite I couldn't believe how delicious it was. Every topping complimented one another & it was like a joy ride of warm gooey goodness in its highest form. I can't tell you enough how much I love this side.. If I can give 5 stars alone to one food item I tasted here... this would definitely be it. Even my Father goes.. this Prime Rib isn't the best, but... this Baked Potato is!Prime Rib - It comes with three sauces on the side, which consists of spicy mustard, horseradish, & au jus. I felt the au jus was too heavy in flavor & one bite with this sauce was overpowering the natural flavors of the meat. I did enjoy mixing the spicy mustard, which wasn't spicy at all, where you get any heat.. with the horseradish sauce, which was also very light like sour cream taste to it. The combination of these two sauces went great with the Prime Rib. I ordered mine Medium & it was cooked perfectly. My favorite part, the dark ends were in depth with flavor & I loved the tenderness of the meat. Overall, I thought this was an excellent entree. I would definitely order this again.Dessert time! You have to order their signature sweet.. Chocolate Lava Cake. We both learned the hard way.. you can easily be completely full & satisfied with one order.. easy. It comes with a thin cookie-like holder with two generous scoops of vanilla ice cream inside & topped with chopped pistachio nuts. Next to it, is the rich chocolate cake with a molten chocolate center of belgian warm chocolate. Baked to order, which takes 20 mins. to make. One of my favorite desserts. It also comes with a side of Chantilly Cream, which is the next best thing to sliced bread! So freshly whipped, light, & tastes like a whipped vanilla bean ice cream. SOOOOO soooooo GOOD! Every bite I took.. I added this cream with my cake. Heavenly!!! I am known to finishing all my meals, but I could only eat half this portion. When the server first presents this dessert to you, you'll just be amazing how much you get. It's like a whole meal... dessert style. Then sugar coma sets in & you have to reevaluate your desire to finish it all or throw in the towel. I... threw in the towel & rested my head back. Waaaaay too much for lil ole me. Even my heart was racing! Three mishaps, wanted to take our leftovers home, but the runner threw away half my dinner... Damn it! I love that Baked Potato!!! Oh well... Next time I want the to-go containers & bag it myself. Second, having to wait for a long time for our entrees to come out. Felt rushed. Third, being charged for both sides ($17) when it's included in the Prime Rib Dinner. I didn't catch it at first, but caught it after tallying 20% tip & giving my signature. You would think if I ordered that special, you would know not to charge the sides right?! Hmm honest mistake?! As another Yelper noted.. no such thing.
5	Best Prime Rib dinner I've ever had in my entire life!! Wow is that too big of a statement? The Prime Rib dinner here puts every Prime Rib Roast dinner I've ever attempted to shame! And I'm the official Prime Rib cook for every single holiday event in my family. That's a lot of Prime Rib cooking under my belt. But here at Fleming's, I would rather just go out to eat here and save myself all the hassle. For $29, I feel like I just stole from Fleming's. 3 course meal! Any Sides? Any Desert? Prime Rib that is melt in your mouth tender and juicy that you thought you just died in beef heaven.  I should be ashamed of myself for enjoying so much for costing so little.
5	One of chain restaurant that I actually enjoy their steak. The chocolate Molton cake was to die for!
3	Very good steaks and sides but there is nothing about this place that separates it from every other high end steak house in town.  I like their French onion soup.
2	I was really looking forward to Fleming's for a long time.  I love me some USDA Prime steak and, that's something Fleming's boasts about.  When we arrived in the parking lot there was valet service similar to Del Frisco's but, quite unneccessary and a bit tacky since there's ample parking close to the entrance.  The decor was classy, cozy, and inviting with upper-crust steakhouse decor (wooden and leather accents).  Despite the ambiance, the food was a mediocre and, so was the service.  We dined there either on a Tuesday or Wednesday evening and the servers seemed a bit overwhelmed/understaffed.  Foodwise, there was absolutely NO wow factor for a $230 meal (tip inclusive).Winos, perhaps...?  Todd (hubby) orders a glass of Conundrum, and I order a glass of Riff pinot grigio.  Wine arrives in timely manner, yay!  Appetizers...yes/no?  The hubby ordered the crab cakes and said, they "taste like they were frozen."  As most of you Yelpers know, I do NOT eat anything that swims, so I'm just reiterating my husband's rant.  I wanted to order the french onion soup and/or the Fleming's Salad but, saw/heard they were nothing spectacular, so I refrained and stuffed myself with bread.  The bread was pretty good with the sundried tomato butter and the feta cheese butter!  In fact, I ate so much bread before my steak that one of the server's assistants came around two times to brush off the bread crumbs...embarassing, I think so.  Hubby and I are having good conversation after his crab cakes/before our entrees that we only have about 1/3 of our wine left.  His wine has stuff floating in it.  Let me redefine "stuff."  "Stuff" is looking like dandruff, plankton, particles floating in his wine.  We usually do drink wine with our meals but, NEVER had "stuff" floating in our wines.  It's possible breading from the crab cakes or crumbs from the bread could've stuck to his lips and floated into his glass but, this would've happened at other restaurants as well.  Todd inquires about the "stuff".  Our server said it was "residual sugar" but doesn't offer to replace the REMAINDER of his wine.  Not very classy/service-oriented for a steakhouse or that of any kind of restaurant.  Really, our server just lost mad brownie points with me because, the "stuff" that was floating in his wine was repulsive.  My wine was "stuff" free.  Relentless, dumb, hard headed, persistent, winos, we order two more glasses which were "stuff" free.Our entrees took a little longer than anticipated to come out, hence all of the bread I ate.  I ordered the "Main Filet Mignon" (cooked medium) with a side of Cabernet reduction and Todd ordered the "North Atlantic Lobster Tails."  For sides, "Fleming's Potatoes" and "Creamed Sweet Corn."  As soon as I saw my steak, it looked less than impressive.  Yes, looks are deceiving but, not in this case.  My steak was overcooked (seemed like medium well--not much pink) and lacked taste.  I have never eaten such a poor USDA Prime filet until now; in fact, I have had way better USDA Choice filets.  I was so hungry, hence stuffing myself with the bread, that I just sucked it up and ate the steak.  Todd liked his lobster tails and said they were cooked perfectly but, also noted it's not rocket science to steam two 8oz. lobster tails.  Our sides were good and the portions were ample for 2-4 people. To be honest with you, we probably would've ordered at least one dessert and more wine but, we were so underwhelmed with our food and service that we just wanted to get the experience over with.  He hoped, we tried, they failed.  Way better steakhouses in Vegas.  Hopefully, Fleming's can use this information to tighten up their ship.
5	Narrow window (only about two hours long) for the happy hour but man oh man is it worth it! Also a catchy name '5 for 6 till 7'!!Cocktails!!Tropical Martini - Made with Malibu coconut rum this cocktail is a perfect summer drink. Tastes of malibu with pineapple and something else. Light on the boozie taste, on the sweet side and fruity. Even if it sounds like a girl drink i'll still order one after another.Blood Orange Fizz - Not something i'd order again in my own opinion. Tasted like grapefruit where you have a mix of sour and citrus bitter. It's how the drink is suppose to taste, i guess i just don't go with it. Also confused about the Fizz bit as there was no fizz.!!Apps!!Roasted Mushroom Ravioli- Completely agree with Anthony M who gave me his last Ravioli (comes in 3s). The sauce is just amazing. I mean WOW that sauce was good. if there were bread offered at the bar during happy hour i would have grabbed some and soaked up some of that sauce. Ravioli itself paired very nicely with the sauce. The thing that impressed me the most was the large coarse chunks of mushrooms in the ravioli. My expectation of ravioli is usually pasta on the outside with some kind of fancy named mixed mush on the inside. Not these bad boys.Tenderloin Carpaccio - The tenderloin was just so damn tender to the point where it just melts in your mouth. This carpaccio is styled a bit differently then i'm used to. The topping was a basil and red onion with capers...umm...salad i guess with what tasted like a mustard based aioli. The Carpaccios i'm used to usually have a garlic aioli and some sort of spring salad on top with some kind of shredded cheese. This one was also served with slices of garlic bread with some melted cheese on top. Another head scratchier was cheese like garnish on top of the basil. We all thought it was cheese but it turned out to be hard boiled egg. Live and learn eh?!!Brrrraaaiiiinnnn...i mean Maaaaaiiinnnnnssss!!All three of us got the Sunday Prime Rib dinner for 29.99. I agree with others out there who expressed the feeling of robbing this fine establishment of a three course meal. The prime rib was between 12-14 ounces of beefy goodness and you get a side as well. Pre-steak included your choices of salads and post-steak includes a dessert. I was expecting a fixed dessert seeing as I just got an amazing deal on the main course. No...let me say that again NO you can have ANY dessert on the menu! We got chocolate lava cakes served with ice cream!And finally as a closing statement i ate the bowl of whipped cream on a dare...Don't do it....i don't recommend eating the whipped cream. You CAN i mean it's quality whipped cream...just...don't...
4	The atmosphere is romantic with low lighting. However the noice level is energetic and not the best for conversation. This location is busy every day of the week. The service was friendly and prompt. Water glasses were refilled without asking. The petite filet mignon was cooked as ordered and served on a very hot plate. The salmon filet had a wonderful glaze and was just the right size for me. We shared  two sides, mashed potatoes and creamed sweet corn which complemented both entrees.Overall Fleming's offers some great food at prices much lower than the Las Vegas strip restaurants.
5	Had dinner at the bar area. The food was delicious and the creme brulee was amazing! The service was top notch! Plan on coming back for happy hour sometime!
3	The food was excellent, the service less so hence only 3 stars.  I ordered the Porcini rubbed filet and my wife ordered the Lite filet.  My steak was 8 ounces and hers was 6 ounces.  Mine came with asparagus--3 spears and hers came with Fleming's potatoes.  I ordered mine black and blue and she ordered hers medium.  Both were cooked perfectly and were delicious.  I didn't taste any porcini from the porcini rub.I thought there'd be more than 3 asparagus spears so I didn't order an extra side and the small amount of Fleming's potatoes was fine for my wife.  We were started with a nice breadbasket with two kinds of flavored butters.  I didn't overdo the bread because I wanted to enjoy the steak and to have some room for dessert.  When we ordered our meal, the server informed us they needed 10 minutes to prepare the chocolate lava cake if we opted for that for dessert.Part way through our meal, the server stopped by and asked if she should put in an order for the lava cake.  I thought it was a bit early, and should have declined at that time, but instead I trusted her knowledge.  I am a fast eater, my wife is a tortoise.Another server brought the dessert to the table just as my wife put down her fork from her meal.  When this other person saw the table hadn't yet been cleared, she took the cake back to the kitchen and placed it on a shelf.  She then came back and cleared the table, went back to the kitchen, and returned with the dessert with its now melting ice cream.  Also, they failed the sweetener packet test miserably!When you're paying as much for your meal as you do at Fleming's, you expect good if not excellent service.  This simply wasn't good service.  I would give this place a 2 star rating based on just the service, but the steaks were so good I raised it to three.  It was OK if not A--OK.  With all the good steakhouses in this city, I won't be returning even though it's close to where I live.
5	I came here with my husband for our Anniversary dinner. We had a wonderful and memorable experience here. From the moment my husband booked a reservation and throughout our meal, the staff was attentive and courteous. Our food was amazing, perfectly cooked and delicious. Yes, it is a bit pricey but well worth it. We will definitely come again! Thank you Fleming's!
4	I was shocked at how good this place is. Management is doing  a great job. Food was great and customer service was terrific. I loved the mashed potatoes with garlic!
4	The Steaks here are Charred exquisitely!
5	Haven't had a sit down dinner there yet. Only had appetizers and drinks at the bar. Every time I'm there I've have always received great service from the bartender. If you live in the area, this is definitely a place to visit.
5	Super Yummy! Steaks were perfectly cooked to our liking the sides of sauteed mushrooms were amazing as was the flemming potatoes! Our waitress Britney was very helpful and on top of every thing and very sweet!
1	Pretty bad experience.   Arrived at our reservation time and got seated promptly.  That's when it started to go downhill.  No one came to our table for quite a few minutes.  Server makes it over to the table and takes our drink order and then she's gone for a good while.  No one comes to the table with bread or water.  Drinks finally come and we place our order.  Cajun shrimp appetizer, peppercorn strip steak for him, filet for her, creamed spinach to share.  Shrimp comes out.  It's nothing special. Average sized shrimp a little over cooked.  Still no bread.  Finally ask the bus person for bread.  A few minutes later the bread comes out. It had been in the oven too long and was crunchy on the outside. Not very tasty.Entrees come out next.  Creamed spinach and the steaks, one of which they forgot to cook.  I kid you not, it was nearly raw.  Both steaks are served on a white plate with not so much as a piece of parsley on the plate. Terrible presentation.The strip steak is a little undercooked and virtually devoid of any seasoning. It's supposed to be the peppercorn crusted version.  Someone forgot that part. We sent the steak back and said forget that and split the steak.  The creamed spinach was OK, but nothing out of the ordinary. Overall, pretty awful night out.  This place is pricy with everything a la carte.  The steaks were mediocre at best.  Not somewhere I'd go back to in the future. Can't figure out how you run a steak house and can't cook a steak with proper seasoning or temperature.  Pretty disappointing experience
4	Fleming's has earned an upgrade in my book by bringing back the Happy Hour Vintage Vodka Martini. Two excellent Happy Hour food choices are the Sweet Chile Calamari and the New Orleans BBQ Shrimp.  Atmosphere is great and service is outstanding.  If they would bring back the seared ahi at Happy Hour I would go 5 stars.
4	We have eaten at Flemings in other cities, so we have an expectation of quality, service, ambience etc. Our dinner in Las Vegas was superb and the wait staff was friendly, professional and fun. We actually tried new dishes that we hadn't had before and were so glad we did. The Cajun Shrimp and Filet Skewers were superb. The Gorgonzola dipping sauce for the filet skewers was amazing. One of our party had the lobster tail dinner and couldn't stop raving about flavor and portion size! Who ever says that about lobster tails?  A great dining experience in Las Vegas. Worth the drive!  Oh yes, and the drinks were delicious as well. We will be back !
5	When they run their Sunday Prime Rib Special at $29.99 down from $39.99 I literally feel like I am going to be arrested on the way out for theft. Salad, Prime Rib, a Side, AND Dessert?!? Whaaaaa! Their happy hour is nice and the staff is great.
3	I have spent two birthdays at Flemmings. . . and visited on other occasions.  I want to love it, but I just don't. . . I only like it.  I've never been disappointed with the service or the decor.  They are both to die for and if I was only reviewing the service I would gladly provide a five star rating.  The team at Flemmings is on their "A-Game".  Flemmings happy hour is the BOMB Diggity.  The appetizers and cocktails can't be beat, bring back the seared ahi please.   The decor is warm and rich and the smells mingling from the kitchen are intoxicating.  All of the being said. . . on both occasions I wanted an out-of-this world steak and I got an alright steak.  The cuts were ok, and they weren't cooked perfectly on either occasion.  There was no wow factor.  I can cook a better filet or rib eye at home.  I am an Iowa farmer's daughter and I know my beef.  Maybe I am spoiled and have high expectations, but with the price tag at Flemmings the steaks should match the excellent service.  The sides we ordered were also just ok.  The use of cream and butter drown out the mac and cheese and mashed potatoes.  I will go back to Flemmings again at some point and I will stick with the appetizers for now.
5	Flemmings was absolutely delicious. My boyfriend and I dined at Flemmings this past week for our anniversary. The server Bill was very helpful with the wine selection and I trusted his suggestions (he listened to what I was looking for and gave the perfection suggestion). We started off with a caesar salad which was the right amount of unique caesar dressing. We shared onion rings as well as the sauteed green beans with mushrooms (both amazing). He ordered the special bone in NY and I had the petite filet mignon. Both were mouth watering and cooked perfectly. We were too full to eat dessert (even though I wanted to). Bill brought out creme brulee with a candle and said we had to have dessert for our anniversary. This was the best creme brulee I have ever had! I must say, the staff was wonderful. Bill and his server assistant did a phenomenal job!!
5	Absolutely superb! My husband and I normally go to Flemings on special occasions only. Reason quite frankly is the prices. When we come here its normally $200 & up.Which we don't mind paying for on special occasions! But tonight was different. I had received an email from Flemings advertising their Sunday Prime Rib Dinner Special. I had mentioned it to my husband and even he was skeptical about the price and what you get for it. We decided to try it. I made reservations and when we arrived they were running behind, so we sat at the bar and had drinks. My cocktail was amazing just right! It was during happy hour and the bartender didn't skimp on quality or taste!  She was also very friendly! In fact everyone at Flemings is very friendly and attentive from the hostess to the bust boys!  We had an amazing dinner, and at $29.95 per person, you really can't beat it! Deals like this,will make us go back to Flemings just because and not just for special occasions!
4	Surprisingly delicious! I guess I'm not a fan of chain restaurants, but I had unused gift cards and a craving for steak.  The rib eye was cooked to perfection and had a nice sear/crust on the outside.  Sauces are available for pairing with the steaks..they actually brought a sample of all the sauces to our table...and by far the madeira was the most flavorful and paired very well with our steaks.  The sides (garlic mashed potatoes and creamed spinach) honestly were nothing to write home about, but were good but slightly forgettable.  Honestly, the mushroom ravioli appetizer was the most memorable for me, the pasta wrapping was very delicate and the ravioli literally felt like it melted in my mouth...I was tempted to just eat multiple orders of the ravioli as my main entree....it was that good =)  Definitely recommend this place if you want to avoid strip madness and still get a quality steak.
5	Whats not to love, I visit Flemings often usually on a Friday or Saturday evening with the wife and the service is always impeccable as is the food.
4	We're not big steak eaters at all, but when we got snail mail from Fleming's with a $50 gift card inside - we have no idea how or why! - we figured might as well go for it.  I made a reservation for 8:00 p.m. on Friday just a couple of hours earlier.  Our table wasn't ready at 8, but we were seated not long after that by a very friendly and cheerful hostess, and the service went uphill from there.As soon as we placed our drink orders we were treated to the bread basket - a loaf of seed-crusted bread with two flavored butters.  Too bad, 'cause it was all too good and I ate too much of it!We shared a Fleming's salad, and I forgot to ask for the dressing on the side.  The kitchen split it for us and the salad wasn't drowning in dressing, which was delicious and not overly-vinegary.I try to avoid eating a lot of meat, so I ordered the New Zealand Baby lamb chops from the small plates part of the menu, and hubby ordered the Newport Filet Mignon, which came with Fleming's potatoes.  My lamb chop plate had three baby chops and two thick polenta fries.  The fries were outstanding, but I was having a tough time with the tough and flavorless chops.  When the waiter came over to inquire about the food, I wasn't going to say anything, because one bite out of one little chop made it look like I'd already eaten half the meal!  But my face must have given it away, because he persisted, and then INsisted that he get me something else.  He let me keep the delicious polenta, and I ordered the sliced filet mignon, also from the small plates side.  Four small slices of perfectly medium-rare steak, each one sitting on an oval mound of porcini risotto, were enough to make this non-steak-lover feel as if she'd gone to culinary heaven.  The steak was like BUTTAH, and so delicious that I'm craving it even as I write this.  I don't even like risotto, but that stuff was outstanding.  And so was the filet my husband had, and his potato accompaniment was out-of-this-world richness personified.Despite the fact that our check would have been very small compared to all the other tables around us even if we didn't have that gift card, our server, Ryan, was totally attentive and never once conveyed any kind of attitude.  Even more astounding, they took the lamb chops off the bill, as they should have, and comped the sliced filet!  That, my friends, is the hallmark of a good restaurant.During the meal a hostess walked around distributing $25 gift cards to each table good for a future visit.  Unfortunately, it has a mid-March expiration, and I'll be out of town for an extended period, so it won't do us any good unless my husband decides to do a solo performance.  But we definitely will go back.
5	My company was looking for a steakhouse to have our dinner. this turned out to be the perfect option.From the moment I started inquiring and working with Kelly I knew this was a great place. Kelly was accommodating and helpful. She explained all the options we had available to us. We had a private room, which was perfect for our group. It was a lovely room with plenty of space to mingle. The service from the moment we arrived was 5 star. Our wait staff was attentive and kind. our food was brought out in quick succession so that we were all served within moments of one another. We started with a cheese and fruit platter which was very good. The bread served was crunchy and warm. Two butter choices. The salad crisp and fresh. Perfectly dressed. the entrees were cooked to every ones desire and there was not a morsel left on anyone's plates. The cheesecake was a slice of heaven. Our president was delighted with our choice. We will be back. Thank you Kelly and staff!!
5	The onion rings were amazing.  Crisply and thick.   The mac n' cheese was great too.  The creamed spinach was perfect.    I highly recommend you split a steak and get more sides.   Once again an amazing experience.
5	I haven't been to Flemings for at least 2 years. The last time was in California at the Newport Beach location. It was a week before my birthday, and I still haven't decided where I wanted to eat dinner that night. At first I thought, maybe I'll look at restaurants on the strip. Then I told myself, on a Saturday? Hell no! Yes, I am one of those locals who avoid going to the strip as much as possible lol. I thought about Flemings and how I have never ate at this location, so I decided to make a reservation here. The first thing I noticed when we drove in was the valet. Seriously, does anyone else agree that the valet here is pointless? There are parking stalls very close to the restaurant and you don't have to walk far. Anyway, our reservation was at 5:00pm and we arrived about 15 minutes early so we decided to sit at the bar. They had iPad menus which you could use to browse the wine list and food options, which was pretty awesome. The bartender was friendly. She chatted with us for a bit and made us feel welcomed.We were seated right at 5:00. The hostess asked us if we preferred black napkins because some people don't like the lint from the white napkins getting on their dark clothes. This was the first time I was given a napkin color option at a restaurant. We told her that the white ones were fine. The food was just as good as I remembered. I ordered the Petite Filet Mignon. Yes, its a pretty small steak, but I like to leave room for some sides and of course dessert for my birthday! My steak was cooked to perfection - mouth watering, easy to cut, juicy and full of flavor! I ordered a baked potato as my side because their Chipotle Cheddar Mac & Cheese had scallions in it that were pre-mixed. :( Sorry, not a fan of onions, scallions, chives, etc. My husband enjoyed his Main Filet Mignon as well. He also ordered the grilled asparagus as a side, but didn't like the taste of it. For dessert, we got the Chocolate Lava Cake, which is always very delicious! It is a little rich, so its perfect for sharing.30 minutes into our meal, we looked over at the bar, and it was packed! Happy Hour here at Fleming's must be very popular! They should really consider expanding the bar area to accommodate the large crowd. Service was very attentive and excellent. The manager even stopped by our table to wish me a happy birthday. At the end of our meal, our server gave me a complimentary box of truffles as my birthday treat. How nice! This place isn't cheap, but it was worth the money. I would definitely come back again in the future for a special occasion!
5	Great steak!  After my recent disappointments in Vegas (Carnevino & Gordon Ramsay Steak...), I was due for a satsifying steak...The cut could've been the best cut I have ever had of New York steak.  Zero stringiness in the cut!  The primest of prime!  The color of the pink was the same shade throughout: I was impressed with how consistent it was.  Steak cooked to perfection!  I just wished Flemings was closer to the Strip... it was about 20 minutes driving at light speed.. =(
4	I love it when my occupation (resident IT Stud) allows me to go to these 'IT seminars' where we learn about new technology coming out on the market.  I especially love it when these seminars are at a swanky place that most times I can't afford!  For this one I put my game face on, shined my glasses, put my pocket protector in place, and headed out to Fleming's Prime Steakhouse in the NW part of town.  Goodness (and geekiness) ensued.After being greeted at the door and lead to the registration table for the seminar, I found a nice table in the back where I would be little bothered with the meal I was about to consume in honor of network technicians everywhere.  Met up with some fellas I know from another division in our state network, and chatted about the upcoming 3G/4G service disposition, as well as rumors about the fall of Apple stock, and possibly the state of pocket protector technologies (very important).  After a round of iced tea and virgin Margaritas (silly nerds) we were welcome by our hosts of the day.  Of course at this point, my mind kind of tuned itself out and focused solely on the menu we were going to enjoy at today's techie outing.Each table was started out with a loaf of warm bread (damn you carbs) with some great whipped herb butter.  We were also allowed to share several appetizers per table:-Cedar Roasted Mushroom & Artichoke Flatbread - monterey jack cheese, roasted red peppers, and garlic-Prime Steakhouse Meatballs - with shiitake mushrooms, and peppercorn sauce-Housemade Burrata - charred grape tomatoes with wild arugula, served with garlic crostini-Fleming's Salad - complete with candied walnuts, dried cranberries, tomato, onion, and herbed croutonsAll very good.  Nice start to a meal, eh?  After a brief break from eating, we were all treated to a what seemed like a very, very, very long seminar on cloud computing, virtual servers, and BLAH BLAH BLAH.  I know, I should have been listening better.  Thankfully, not soon after we were allowed to complete the orders of our lunch.  We had our choice of:-Petite Filet Mignon-Breast of Chicken-Barbecue Scottish Salmon FilletI always say, at a steakhouse, do as the carnivores do.  I just had to go with the Petite Filet Mignon.  Come on, USDA Prime, seasoned with only black pepper and kosher salt, then broiled at 1600 degrees till your choice of doneness?  I.  AM.  GAME.  I'm like Missy Elliott in an over-produced rap video,  'Doot..doot-doot-doot-doot-doot-doot...Get ur' freak on...doot-doot-doot-doot-doot..'That baby came to the table sizzling.  It was a nice cut, but being petite it was probably around the 5-6 oz. range.  But no complaints here!  Meat was succulent, tender, and juicy all around.  Cooked just right for me at a medium rare.  It wasn't the best filet I've had, but it was very good.  For free...it was excellent!  Although looking back, that salmon fillet looked really yummy as well.  Maybe next free power lunch!Along with our entrees, each table got to share a sampling of some of Fleming's fabulous sides.  I managed to finagle (nerd rage galore) scant tastings of:-Mashed Potatoes with roasted garlic-Chipotle Cheddar Macaroni & Cheese (oh man this was delish)-Sauteed SpinachAll great, all loaded with extra butter.  Thank God for that slice of bread I saved from earlier!  I sopped it all up.  Fatty McGhee was in the house.But wait...there's more!  At the end of our IT seminar we were treated to a nice slice of Cheesecake - NY style topped with blueberry sauce and white chocolate shavings.  What a way to send me off back to work!  Food coma in the making.  The only thing missing from this seminar was the usual free USB flash drives sporting the company's logo (I really needed one), and the fact that I never, ever win the door prize from these things.  I think this time the grand prizes were a Best Buy gift card, and a gift certificate from Fleming's themselves.  But, at least I got away with a free company pen and a full belly.  And a lifetime's worth of annoying phone calls asking me to try their tech products free for 30 days.  Oh, but sometimes those phone calls are totally worth it.  Free meat for all techies!
2	Decided to try Flemings as I was hungry for a sizzling steak and an earthy glass of wine.  What a disappointment.  Wine pour was short.  Salad was plain and simple.  And, my steak was overdone yet mushy.I'm a foody and expect the best.  I'll be passing on Flemings in the future.  T-BONES is MUCH better in every way.
5	Awesome nightly Happy Hour + delicious Prime Burger + Niki's excellent service + fancy eatery = 5 starsHappy Hour ($6/item) nightly 5 - 7 pm at the bar   http://www.flemingssteakhouse.com/bar-menu-and-cocktailsGot here 5:05 pm on Tue/16 Apr:- Place supposedly opens at 5 pm but it was pretty busy at the bar when I got there at 5:05 pm (some patrons, regulars I'm guessing, already had drinks/food/etc) and since all the bar seats were occupied I sat at a table.- I waited about 5 min for a server but I think that's because it was fairly busy.  Once Niki, my server, got to my table and took my order everything was quick: martini arrival, food arrival, ice water refills...-  My order: 1) I loved the Prime Burger which had bacon & choice of 3 different cheeses (I opted for blue cheese) and (sweet potato?) french fries.  2) Thought the calamari was too oily/soggy but the portion size was large so I took the remainder to go.  3) Had the tasty Stoli Bombshell at only 99 calories, otherwise I would have opted for the 2 for $6 Blue Moon seasonal.  - The Prime Burger at $6 was a steal and will definitely order that again in the future, wouldn't  get the calamari again and the Stoli martini for $6 is a good deal./////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////I like finding/getting/sharing deals so if you want 58% off ($70 off of $120 value) food/drinks at Fleming's/sister eateries (Outback, Bonefish, Carrabba's, Roy's), you can do this by 24 May 2013:Steps:1) You must have an AMEX (American Express) credit card- go to www.americanexpress.com and login to your credit card account- click "My Offers"- One of your AMEX cards (I used my AMEX Costco TrueEarnings card) you probably have this offer "Fleming's...Spend $100 or more, Get $50 back" so click "Get Offer" tab next to it- You'll get an e-mail saying your AMEX is loaded with the offer2) Go to a Fleming's restaurant's bar area and purchase $100 gift card (do not purchase online) using that specific AMEX card3) Fleming's will give you the $100 gift card and a "$20 Bonus Card"4) AMEX will give you a $50 cash back statement credit for making that $100 purchase at Fleming'sExpiration Dates:- AMEX says 24 May 2013 is deadline to load offer & make the $100 purchase at Fleming's- Buy the $100 gift card by 16 June and Fleming's will give you the "$20 Bonus Card"- The "$20 Bonus Card" is "Valid for redemption May 13th - July 15th, 2013"- $100 card backside says "This card can be redeemed at any of our restaurants in the United States" so I think it can be used at Outback, Bonefish, Carrabba's, Roy's or Fleming's.  - "$20 Bonus Card" back reads "Valid at any Bloomin' Brands restaurant" which includes Outback, Bonefish, Carrabba's, Roy's and Fleming's.a) Roy's Aloha Hour nightly 4:30 pm - 6:30 pm, $6/item   http://www.roysrestaurant.com/aloha_hour.asp   - I liked their $6 Wagyu Beef Sliders, Smoked Mahi Mahi Tacos, Beef Short Rib Tacos.b) Carraba's happy hour   $5/item  http://www.carrabbas.com/restaurant/locations/nv/las-vegas/las-vegas-w-charleston/index.aspx
4	The food and service was great at Fleming's. I would go back to it again.
4	I was here for a group event. The food was fantastic. I got the filet mignon, medium/medium rare and it was perfect. They also have vegetarian options too!
5	The food here is INCREDIBLY good!I have yet to delve into the main dinner menu because I'm usually here for what is a very affordable happy hour. I have not had anything that isn't amazing. The crab cakes are generous and delicious, the burger is awesome, the brie cheese puff pastry is rich and oh so good (very shareable portion). The mushroom ravioli is some of the best pasta i have had...the mushroom sauce on the plate never goes to waste because if i don't manage to eat it all, they have a basket of bread nearby for u to make sure u enjoy every bit.....and my absolute favorite dish is the tuna steak Holy holes in a boat, batman. This tuna is incredibly fresh, flavorful, and the spicy mustard sauce (spicy mustard and wasabi) is so good a drizzle wont do. You might as well order the sauce in a lil bowl on the side. I stumbled upon a great wine as well playing spin the bottle on the ipad menus at the bar as well. Chateau parenchere....that is also something i have not been able to deviate from because it is THAT good!  And at $10 a glass, its reasonable as well. I have been beyond satisfied with the service here, and everybody on the wait staff has been professional, engaging, and really nice to me (even coming here in shorts and a t shirt my very first visit), I appreciate that non snobby treatment. Do yourself a favor and try this place at least once......but be warned, it is habit forming
5	SO happy my mom asked me to give this Fleming's location another chance. Over the past year, they have really made some drastic improvements: the first being the smiling hostesses.My experience was much better than the last time but that could be because we were in the dining room this time. The dining room provided nothing less than a five star experience. The food was flawless and my taste buds were beyond satisfied. Fleming's, will you please share the secret to your ice cream?Taylor R was our server and although she was a sweetheart and did a wonderful job, our experience was really based on our busser, Gil. He was AWESOME. Never was my water glass less than half full and he was always willing to grab something if we needed it. He works with passion and is truly looking out for the customers best interest. Servers would be nowhere without their bussers and I really think that Gil's service should be recognized. Can't wait for my next visit to Fleming's - hopefully the Town Square location that should be opening soon!
2	We had a nice dinner,, but my wife got food posioning..  She woke up 4am and was ill and continued to be ill that day..  Could keep nothing down and very dehiderated.   The management while polite seemed to think I was shaking them down when I asked for a partial discount off our $300 bill..   Rather hard to accept such an event when dining at such a place..  Better luck..
5	In my opinion, the best traditional steakhouse in the valley. The atmosphere is very nice, makes you want to eat steak lol. The place looks like a high class steakhouse abd that's exactly what it is, but the service makes you feel like you are an old friend. Stone of the nicest servers in the city in my opinion. As for the food, only one word to describe it: perfect. Every cut, perfect. Every side dish, amazing. Nothing more can be said about this place. I'd recommend it to any of my friends. And no, I do not work here, I just effing love steak and this place lol.
4	Fleming's did it again!!! Our family is visiting from Newcastle, England and we wanted to have a nice dinner before they left. We chose Fleming's from previous experiences (great ones!) and again, we were delighted and so were they. We started with the Portobello Mushroom Ravioli appetizer that was fabulous to say the least. We didn't deviate and had the small bites, lamb chops and sliced filet...the meat melts in your mouth. Our guests had the full size filet and blue cheese mashed potatoes for the side. The potatoes were absolutely delicious, I couldn't stop 'tasting' them (actually I ate most of them, just a little taste here and there). Also, if you like Pinot Noir, you must try the Garnet, nice and smooth, wonderful accompaniment with our choice of entrees. I wish I could remember our server, he was great..perfect timing, never intrusive, informative and nice! Hearing and recognizing our guests accents, he gave us a huge smile and said "Cheers!". Perfect topping for a wonderful evening out. Fleming's never disappoints!!!
5	Omfg! steaks are amazing!
5	You will not be disappointed! While we typically eat at the bar instead of the dining room, we have always received top notch, professional service. Cocktails are shaken and stirred up one at a time right in front of you which is excellent. The steaks are to die for, the Happy Hour menu rocks, and to top it all off the creme brulee here has become my absolute favorite dessert in the world. Be prepared to drop some $$$ but in my opinion this place is nearly as good as it can get.
2	Oh and to think I used to like this place.  On our visit tonight we had the Sunday prime rib special. The prime rib was tasteless and the Mac and cheese was like soup. The bread was not as good as in the past and they changed the way they prepare the wedge salad and it wasn't for the better. Instead of blue cheese crumbles it was served with a blue cheese pat. Like a pat of butter. A 1 inch strip of bacon not crumbles. Fried onion strings that were soggy not crisp fresh onions. It was like you had to create your salad after it was served and chop everything up yourself. The guy in the booth behind us complained that the prime rib was tough and got a free dessert. Ours came with dessert which the portions were smaller than in the past but that's okay as we were already disenchanted with the whole meal. Although the cheesecake and turtle cake were good.  The restaurant was very, very loud. We had to keep repeating ourselves. While I'm on my rant, my husband and I went to their happy hour a week ago and had the $6.00 prime burger. I thought it was just okay. Husband did not like at all. Thank goodness only $6.00 and not the normal $14.00.   Maybe a bad night but too many other places in town to get a good steak.
2	Luv old school Flemings esp the Manhattan Beach location but skip the Vegas version. Made a reservation online, but had to come in earlier since kiddo was hungry and we had just arrived from our road trip. In retrospect, I made a bad choice coming here.   The HH bar was crowded because it was so small and was told we couldn't order from the HH menu because we had a kid with us.  That sucked. We were taken to the dining room.   I got the feeling we were being prejudged by what we were wearing (shorts n flips).  I'm sure the food here is good, but we never got a chance to try it. There is no kid menu or alternative. Super annoyed because I knew this was going to be a bad dining experience with a cranky kid and a long wait for water and food. Not what I expected from Flemings.  At least they could have offered a drink, no  apology for the inconvenience, just attitude.
4	Had a nice dinner for with my boyfriend here last night. The food was amazing! We both had the summer prixe fix menu, which included prawns as a starter (cooked and presented very nicely- with a fairly spicy sauce and small mandarin orange slices). The main course was filet minon with this delicious goat cheese mousse on top, as well as a piece of pecan-crusted salmon. The filet was wonderful, the salmon didn't blow me away. We also got the Fleming's signature potatoes and creamed spinach for sides. These are family style - can serve 3 to 4 people, so we couldn't finish it all. Also want to mention that I loved the bread, which they say is homemade, and the feta dipping sauce / butter to go with it. We also had a bottle of wine ('Sensual' - a cabernet from Argentina) which was great and on the lower end of the price scale. The waitress was nice but not as over-the-top enthusiastic, knowledgable, and descriptive as I have experienced at similar restaurants. Overall, a very good meal. We would definitely return.
5	My boyfriend and I recently dined here and greatly enjoyed Fleming's The waiter was helpful, pleasant, and treated us with much respect. (We are younger than many of the frequent diners at Fleming's). The food was absolutely delicious! Overall, it was a wonderful experience and highly recommend this restaurant! I also loved the iPad they give you with the app that has information about the wine collection and wine pairings.
4	I brought a client here for dinner after recommendation from a collegeue. INo wait with our reservation and service was good-great.  Marcos was very kind with an issue over an under cooked steak (I usually advise what I feel medium is but this time I did not for some reason and got it a little under ) and comped us a round of drinnks which was not necessary but appreciated. Appetizers were good but the stars were the entrees after the temperateure issue got resolved on my steak. Desserts were surprising awesome. Chocolate Lava Cake was on fire and my associate said his turtle pie was one of the best he has had in along time. I noticed the bar was packed with smiles when I left so the bartender must be doing something rignt.
2	We had dinner with another couple here on August 4th and my prime rib had the consistency of liver. I ate most of it thinking I was imagining it and it didn't even taste like prime rib but we hadn't seen these friends in a year and I didn't want to make a big deal out of it. I asked my friend after she finished her own prime rib if she felt it was the same to her and she said she had the same. As the gentlmen at the table overheard us, they tasted both of oursand agreed that it was "injected" or "old" beef.  I'm sick thinking about it.  Now I wish I had spoken up!  I rarely eat steak and this was a special occasion. I endured old/injected meat. NEVER coming back here! And this was after a $40 cab ride from our hotel. NOT worth it.  Our waiter was great though, so there is the plus along with our company.
3	Wanted to try a new steak house. I have been to a few around town. I have to say that for the price versus quality and taste, this place is expensive. The steak was okay but the had to fire it again because it was under cooked. The food lacks taste and is very plain. I will not be back again, especially with so may other good steak houses around town.
5	Food was delicious. Although it was a bit pricey (which was expected), the portions were actually bigger than I expected.The Fleming potatoes were to die for. Steaks were cooked to perfection and had great flavor. Our waitress was really good and even gave both me and my boyfriend complimentary dessert chocolates for our birthdays which happen to be two weeks apart from each other.I would definitely go back.
5	Best steak in Las Vegas. I love their Filet and selection of sauces  that comes with it. The service is great and they know your face if you go there again. It's the place to have a romantic dinner with great food.
4	I don't eat at many chain restaurants on purpose but I was told about the burger and that it was $6 at happy hour and figured that I'd give it a try. The burger is a legit steakhouse burger. The burger tasted fresh and was prepared perfectly. The burger is worth the full price ($12) and well worth the happy hour price? The fries were a little overcooked but that's fine. They have beer and wine specials too both of which compliment the burger nicely. I have no desire to eat a steak here but will return for happy hour.
5	What a fantastic place.  The food was unbelievable.  If you like Salmon...get it here.  It was amazing.
5	Amazing service Kim!! Our first time here for an anniversary dinner and had a great experience. Will come again just for her.
5	What's not to love about Flemings!! Everytime I go to a new location I pretty much get what I expected. Great food, great service, upscale location... I am on their email marketing list so every month I get some really good dining offers and try to take them up on it at least once. This time it was Filet, Lobster stuffed shrimp, Salad and appetizer for just $32.95. Great price for a great meal.
5	Ate here for my birthday recently with family and friends, it was amazing hands down a good meal all around and staff!!!
5	Fantastic! The food was delicious and the staff was overly courteous and pleasant. Our server Jennifer was excellent, very informative and was on her toes. This was our first visit and we knew nothing about the menu. We had the filet mignon wrapped in bacon with crab stuffed shrimp and mashed potatoes (A special). My husband and I both agreed that this was the most tender piece of meat we had ever eaten. I can't even begin to explain it, it was melting in my mouth and had a wonderful flavor. I am not a seafood eater but the crab stuffed shrimp was delicious!This was an anniversary dinner and a special dining experience. It is pricey but the food was worth it. The ambience was very nice, somewhat dark with low lighting. (My huband did notice that for it being all adults in there, it was a little on the loud side-- but not a big deal).When we were leaving, we were given a box of chocolates for our anniversary. Thoughtful.
5	Had a bacon wrapped filet with crab stuffed shrimp for only $33 yesterday.  Good food and service.  That special is good until the 15 th
2	We went with family from Boston to celebrate my husband's aunt & Uncke's 45th wedding anniversary, kind of a big deal right. It was easy to make reservations on their sight, the atmosphere was nice & the restaurant richly decorated. On the down size for the cost the "family sized" portion is for a family...of two @ best. None of our eight steaks were cooked as ordered & you could smell the shrimp before they placed it on the table. We regularly eat @ Del Frisco's but thought with such a large party we should try something a bit more financially friendly. The prices are relatively the same with the exception of the quality and quantity of food. Next time we'll stick with what we know. I don't recommend Fleming's. On a side note one of our steaks was so rare (ordered medium well) it had to be rejected. I don't know what the health code policy is but they took the same steak that had been cut from was put back on the grill & returned with the bites that had been cut off and sufficiently overlooked. Several of us ordered the filet mignon, all of which we're "grissely."
5	Amazing steak!!My bestfriends and I came here tonight for my friends birthday dinner. The servers were very nice and accomidating to our 3 way split check, which I know is annoying. I had the peppercorn steak which was to die for!! The chipotle macaroni was amazing!! Highly recommended for a good steak dinner!
5	The location was easy to find and the complimentary valet was nice.  When we went inside the staff was very friendly as well.  After being seated we were greeted nicely and the waiter was very helpful in recommending certain items.  After all of that the food and wine we both great!I will definitely be going back.
4	One evening last week, we had a great Happy Hour AND Fine Dining experience in this elegant, comfortable restaurant. We'll be back again and soon!YELPIER DETAILS Fleming's has an upscale ambience, good food, superb service and at a reasonable price. Its menus offer nice selections of food and beverage.  It also has a classy bar. However, this restaurant does NOT have a view, and could be slightly noisy when filled to capacity.Yes, we had excellent dinners at Fleming's before, 2x, to be exact, since its sister restaurant right NEXT DOOR (Roy's) was closed recently- But this was the first time we came for its happy hour AND dinner. We enjoyed both!We started our nice evening with happy hour over delicious apps (Pork Belly; Calamari) and tasty glasses of cab, at $6ea. For our dinner, we had Chef's Specials: Mahi, $37; Steak & Shrimp, $43; side of asparagus, $10.50. The fish was fresh and flavorful. The steak was tender and juicy but kind of small, the 3 shrimps were tiny and  slightly overcooked. For dessert we shared a wonderful Chocolate Lava Cake/Ice cream, $12.50 over great tasting coffee!The serving staff for our happy hour and dinner were absolutely superb! Our waitress Monica and her crew were friendly and helpful, attentive but not overbearing. The hostess was friendly and welcoming. She cheerfully welcomed guests at the start, and warmly said goodbye to them at departure. However, as the restaurant was filled to capacity around 7pm, it was understandably a bit noisy. I would give it 5 Stars, if it had a view. In short, we had a wonderful happy hour/dinner experience here, and will be back again for more and soon! Nov 2013
5	Fleming's is a great steak place...   The food is absolutely wonderful. And the service is just as good.   Kids menu is good.  Satisfied some of the hungriest little soccer players... Without breaking the bank.  My only complaint -- (its because I know actual wine prices) is they really kill it on the wine mark-up.  Overall -  The food is great.  The ambiance is perfect.  The service is excellent.  The bill can climb on you but its definitely worth it.Enjoy!
5	Always the best! Love the staff and the food has always been spectacular! Had trouble finding parking and the guy took my car and got us in right away last time. SPECTACULAR!
1	cold food after sending back several times. med well served medium rare, then over cooked. cold plates. service slow on a slow night. high prices not even close to being worth it     have had same problem several times before.
2	The food was good once i got it. I sat down server came over said hello and disappeared for 20 minutes,no bread no service empty wine glass,I finally got up and found the manager.Totally unacceptable.Funny thing was the next day i went to dennys for breakfast and the service there was awesome.Price at dennys 12,price at flemings 140......amazing. How do people get jobs at these places...sigh
3	I was contacted by management. It appears that they are interested in resolving my grievances. With that in mind I will once again return to the restaurant to try them again. The fact that they have reached out in the manner they did shows me that they are serious about correcting my experience. For that I will raise my rating to three stars for now and follow up after my next meal there. To be continued .... :)Happy holidays everyone !
5	OK so I went back with my father and this time they really hit it out of the park. Service and food were excellent! Thank you to Jackie for making us feel like we were special and im sorry to say I cant rember my servers name, but he was excellent. We both enjoyed our meal and wanted to thank Flemings for coming through! We will definitely be back!
3	Tip: Go to costco and get the gift cards.  They were offering a christmas special, $100 giftcard for $71, so I got $200 worth and took my Stephen for a steak dinner.We ordered the Flemings salad, which was refreshing, and a perfect starter.  Then we each ordered the dry aged rib eye, and split the creamed corn and flemings potatoes.Originally I wanted a NY Strip, but my waiter suggested the rib eye, so I agreed. I usually skip the rib eye because I tend to find it too fatty, although it is flavorful.  Stephen lucked out and got a rib eye that was perfectly marbled... Very little excessive exterior fat.  My piece was 1/4 fat, so on my plate was a blob of fat.  My waiter weakly apologized and pretty much said that's the chance of getting a rib eye.  For $52 I wasn't expecting that much fat!For dinner we opted for coffee, no dessert.  Most places will comp coffee, especially after an incident as to how much fat I got versus meat for dinner.  Comped coffee is a nice gesture, and usually means more gratuity toward the bill. Nope, no such luck.With tax and tip, our dinner for 2 came to $200. Lucky I got the gift card from Costco, and paid  $58 less... but still not a cheap dinner.I think next time I'll stick to the NY Strip, and still stick to Costco to save me 20%!3 stars because my fat filled plate was never dealt with.
4	I really wish I had know about this place sooner! I am absolutely in love with this restaurant. I came here for a "girls date" a few nights ago expecting an Outback-like experience, but I was blown away! The two places aren't even comparable! Bread/butter: Probably the most flavorful butter I have ever tasted! I normally am very Anti-Chain restaurants because I feel they lack the little extra flairs that the strip restaurants have. I was blown away by the tomato bWine: Reasonable. I just had a single glass and the server didn't seem upset about losing a bottle sale. Brie: If you eat ANYTHING here, do not miss this brie. It was absolutely perfect. Filet App: I had It cooked rare and it came out perfect. It is about 3oz paired with a mushroom pasta. Potatoes: Probably the best scalloped I have ever had. Asparagus: Ive had better... It was slightly not-hot when It arrived. Dessert: Meh.. Not so awesome. We tried the Walnut chocolate pie and it was lacking some seriously flair. I felt that it tasted old and the crust was wayyyy too hard. Service: Probably the best service I have had in awhile. I know that servers don't love seeing two girls in their sections normally because they assume we wont tip, BUT our server was terrific. We tipped him accordingly and he seemed happy. His back server was also really helpful and the manager even stopped by to make sure we loved our food. I cant wait to go back!
4	Always a great steak, even better Mac and cheese.  Great location in summerlin.  I will always stop in.
4	Incredible service, incredible food, best carrot cake I ever had, awesome French onions soup, delicious bread, delicious salads...this place is a gem!
3	I've been to Flemings probably a dozen times in San Diego and Rancho Cucamonga.  This is my first time to the Las Vegas location.  The set up, size, vibe, and service is as consistent as it gets, but that's not necessarily a good thing.  I'm fine with the service and ambiance for the most part.  My only issue is the noise.  Tough to enjoy your steak and company when all you hear is everyone's conversation.  Regardless, I still had a decent dinner with the gf here the other night. As for my meal, I have never deviated from their 8 oz petite filet mignon.  Before dinner, I scoped out the menu and contemplated on something different.  But guess what? I chose the petite filet again.  The steak was decently sized, but was a little disappointed on the overall taste. I got my steak medium-well and thought it was too pink. As for taste, I thought it was just "A-Ok".  For a pinkish steak, I thought it tasted burnt. I don't know if it was Fleming's or if my taste in steaks have changed. Price is about what you expect at a steakhouse.  However, I've had better steaks with the same price points.  Overall, will I be back?  I'm sure I will one day.  Maybe next time I'll try their lobster or seafood.PS:  Their Mushrooms Ravioli is phenomenal.
4	Excellent service! Fabulous food! Fleming's serves the best baked potato ever.  I adore the French Onion Soup. Don't miss the Carrot Cake!Restaurant, like most steakhouses, is a tad noisy. I've dined here many times and they seem to keep the temperature a bit cool so I bundle up in wintertime.
4	Very friendly staff, service a little slow, maybe because they were busy, ordered the prime rib, the presentation was better than the prime rib, it was bland, could of used more Au jus, friend ordered petite filet mignon w/lobster in which she enjoyed. All and all it was a good culinary experience.
3	Wow, some great reviews on this restaurant. To bad I didn't have their experiences.The service was fine, not overly wonderful. We both had the Filet Mignon, it was alright, nothing special. I've had better at other steak houses. My husband ordered some asparagus to go with the meal, it was over cooked and chewy.The Flemings salad was very good and so was the carrot cake.Why just 3 stars, the steak just didn't cut it for us, and we are meat lovers.If you do go, get the carrot cake, skip the filet mignon.
5	We LOVE this place!! Every time we come to Vegas we try to come here.Alex is A Great server!
2	I'm continually surprised by the ratings for this place.   Service was decent.   Food average .  Price high.   I just don't get it.This review won't be long enough to score  as epic because I can say it in one word "meh"
5	Dinner at Fleming's was a really nice experience.  The service was impeccable, and made it feel like you were at a fancy restaurant -- making the somewhat steep prices feel worth it for this "special" experience.  As another reviewer mentioned, the wine prices were ridiculously marked up, but that seems to be par for the course around here.The prime rib was good -- not the best I've ever had, but it was a nice cut.  The sauces that came with it were a nice touch.  The house specialty potatoes, as well as the wedge salad and the French Onion Soup were all fantastic.Overall, if you have the money to burn, I would highly recommend Fleming's.  Just don't go there expecting an inexpensive bill!
3	Overall average. I was a little disappointed. Of course I had the filet. It was cooked as I ordered but seasoned a little heavily. I'm not sure it was really a prime cut of filet more like choice. It just didn't have the right flavor composition. Sides: mashed potatoes and creamed spinach neither of which I would order again. The spinach was too creamy. It was like warm cream cheese with a little spinach. The potatoes were supposed to be garlic Parmesan but i dont recall any garlic or Parmesan flavor but there was a puddle of grease on top and it didn't taste like butter. Cheesecake was good but after reading the other reviews I wish I had gotten the carrot cake.
5	We celebrated our anniversary here. The service was amazing, so fast and on top of EVERYTHING! We got the Flemmings salad, flemmings potatoes, prime ribeye topped with lobster and caviar. Everything was perfect, no complaints, only praises. The bread was so soft and the butter's were delicious. We finished our meal with lava cakes. They sent us home with 4 handmade truffles. We will return, again and again.
5	I had heard of Flemings before, but never had been. Wow, was I missing out!!! I live for a Bone-in Filet!!!! I had been to Prime at Bellagio and would def say this was just as good, if not better! We had a wonderful atmosphere, great wine, amazing food, and our waiter Paul was the icing on the cake (which we were too full to try, lol) So glad we spent our anniversary there!!! Totally recommending this to all my friends! Thanks Flemings!
4	So dark inside..........so I can't describe the food too well!They really could turn up the lights a little, especially so early in the evening!Went for the 5 for $6 until 7 happy hour.2 beers for $6, and the bar cheeseburger and the pork belly makes a nice meal. The burger is big, comes with bacon & choice of cheese. They know how to cook a burger medium rare too, which is apparently too difficult for most places! On this alone, I will be back. The pork belly was a little dry, but tasty with the side of grits. The bartender was overworked, but did a nice job. Will try the happy hour shrimp next time.
5	We have been going to Fleming's for years and we have NEVER had a bad experience.  Starting from the wonderful girls that great you at the door, to the gracious and kind food runners, to the professional servers (our favorites are Rory and Monica), to Jackie, the managing partner...we always feel welcome and like we are a part of their family.The food is always incredible and they are always willing to make dietary or taste changes for us with no problem.  In fact, when we bring our kids and they are not in the mood for steak, they have even gone next door to Carraba's to bring them a pizza.  That is what Fleming's is all about...always taking care of the customer.  We love this place so much!
5	If you eat only one expensive meal this year. Make it Flemings. No regrets. Make sure you try the cream spinach. It's the best I've had anywhere, ever.
3	Sides are good, Steak is mediocre. Decent steak house for a chain restaurant.Cesar Salad was good. Filet was a 5 out of 10. Wife had the bone in ribeye, that was a much better choice. Lava Cake was also mediocre. Ambiance is better than most places.  Great place of a relaxing dinner on a Tuesday night but not good enough for a special night out.
5	I am giving it 5 stars because it was probably the best NY steak I have ever had.It was perfectly cooked, and tasted great.  Service was excellent.  The mashed potatoes were ok.   The aspargus was somewhat lame. Can't win them all.  Ihave been to many steakhouses over the years.
5	Been coming here for 7-8 years or more. Never thought about checking on Yelp but this is one of our favorite places and definitely a place we go for a nice night out and special occasions. We love bringing friends here as well.I can't say enough about the great personalized service from the food runners and hosts to the servers and management.  They never miss a beat all the way to the point of knowing our server and food preferences.Try it you'll love it and feel like family just like we do!
5	We've tried the Happy Hour once and weren't too terribly impressed. Got the gift cards at Costco and went on a little date tonight.Holy SH**! WE had the Tomohawk to share and it was INCREDIBLE. Cooked perfectly, seasoned excellently. I was sad when it was gone.  It came with the sauces that we're all wonderful, however the steak didn't need anything.The service was impeccable.A lot of reviews talk about the bad service. I find that if I don't act like a snot to the waiters, I get treated pretty awesome. The ambiance is nice.  I like the energy of a busy,  bustling restaurant so I really enjoyed the crowd.We said we'd go for that steak once a week!
2	Like a whole nother restaurant in the dining room. My previous review was for dining at the bar during happy hour. I was completely underwhelmed by my dining room experience.Disclosure- I used a $40 certificate from AMEX. You'd think this would mean a great meal at a huge discount, but not so much. I had 2 small plates- lamb chops and scallops. 3 mini lamb chops and 4 so-so scallops for $22 each. Way overpriced for small portions that didn't even register as 5 out of 10 for me. The veggies with the scallops were pretty sad, and the side with the lamb chops was a little better- some fried bread/cheese sticks that were tastier than the veggies. My beet/tomato salad was good, and the side of cheese with it was very tasty. The bread was served with 2 cheese/butter hybrids, which were tastier than the small plates. That is not good!And it took forever to get water, maybe I was punished for not ordering a beverage.I will stick with happy hour in the bar in the future.
3	Initially we received terrible service from a lazy and rude server who even told us that they are not allowed to explain their menu any longer. After receiving the main dishes and salads not as ordered, we brought the poor service to the attention of the manager. She immediately corrected the matter and replaced the server with Justin, who was spectacular. I gave three stars because the service was only great after we notified the manger. The first server should not even be working at Flemings. Her skills were more appropriate at Taco Bell.
4	Have been to this location several times. This review is based on my visits during happy hours in the bar rather than the dining room, as I have had better food and experience in the bar side.. My date & I had planned to eat in the dining room, but our first stop was in the bar to grab a happy hour drink. When we saw the 567 menu, it sounded so good and we already had a seat in the bar, we just decided to try it out. Food) It was a great find! The boyfriend and I tried their $6 Prime burger, which was out of this world that night. We split it, so we could both try it. Their vodka HH martinis are always good and stiff. I love that I can get a blue cheese stuffed olives, freshly stuffed from their bar! We also tried the pork belly...it was special, I recommend it. Nice crispy rendered piece of pork belly with chutney. Lastly, we ordered the crusted shrimp. This was my favorite part of the meal, but we were too full to eat much. The next time we went, we just ordered the burger and the crusted shrimp. Alas, the shrimp wasn't as tender, yet crispy, as they were the first time. The burger wasn't as juicy and flavorful that night either.I've  eaten in their dining room, and I find it's just an okay experience for me. I like the life and activity in the bar side. I love the decor, the dark woods, the ambiance, the low lighting, and the sports on in the bar. It's just a little too stiff in the dining room for my wild personality. I like to be surrounded with activity. The dining room is more mature, subdued and better for a family dinner.Service) is a 5 everytime, busy or not, dining room or bar.Tip) If you are grabbing HH in the bar, better to go early. Starts at 4:30-7pm and the bar is small and full after after 5:30 pm. Though, we've always been lucky to slide into a spot even around 6:30pm...pure luck.
5	This location is top notch! The food is always consistently great! The wedge salad is a great go to and on this night, we shared the tomahawk! If you think about it, the price is pretty much the same as 2 entrees so go for it! The sauces are to die for!  Wine selection is decent. The best part about this location is the amazing service provided by MARCO and his staff!!! He is attentive, super friendly and does whatever it takes to ensure you are happy with your experience at Flemings. Happy hour is always bustling and the dining room is filled with happy diners. :)
5	This review is for the happy hour, because quite frankly we couldn't afford to eat at this place otherwise. The happy hour runs until 7PM at the bar daily I believe. We weren't sure what to expect being that it was a Steakhouse, but after scoping out Herbs and Rye's happy hour, I was kind of expecting a similar looking place. Kind of mediocre outside but nice inside. This was not like that.Fleming's is a very nice upscale steakhouse, to the point that when we walked in we were like wow...are we underdressed? Was that a ferrari parked out front? But thanks to Lisa H's recommendation of this place, we went in and sat down at the bar (the only place happy hour is). It was Friday night about 6:30, and there was only one bar table left, so we got a little lucky on that.Their happy hour is 5 appetizers for $6, 5 cocktails for $6, 5 wines for $6 and a few items a la carte (or as they call it, bar la carte).We ordered:Crispy Pork BellyBaked BrieSalt and Pepper ShrimpRoasted Mushroom Ravioliand two Sam Adams IPA's to wash it down.Each item is six bucks (they also have a burger that is $6 too, that must be the best value on there!)The pork belly was delicious, but minimalist. It came with a little bit of what looked like grits, and something else I didn't recognize.The mushroom ravioli was 3 raviolis covered in sauce, again, not a big dish, but WOW was it good. One of the best sauces I've tasted! A must try in my opinion.The baked brie was also delicious because it was in a perfectly cooked croissant pastry, and came with apple pieces and greens, with walnuts on top of the pastry. All of those flavors combined with perfectly melted cheese (and plenty of it) made it an incredible dish.The salt and pepper shrimp was also really tasty with a tempura like light fry on it. It also came with fried asparagus in the bowl. The Sam Adams were pretty good, not a fan of IPA's, but at 6 bucks for 2...I'll sure as heck drink em!One of the best parts of the dinner was the server Paul. He was SO friendly, seriously one of the best servers I've ever had (and I feel like I've been eating out professionally for at least 10 years). He was so unbelievably polite and courteous, and just made the dinner so much nicer. He was on par with some of the servers in michelin starred restaurants, just impeccable. All in all, for 30 bucks plus tip, we got to try 4 extremely extremely well made dishes, had a beer, and had a beautiful atmosphere around us. At 15 bucks per person, with so much perfectly cooked variety, I can't help but give this place a perfect 5 stars.
1	We ordered the Tomahawk 35 oz steak for dinner last night and had quite a bit of leftovers.  Fleming's had it wrapped in foil and sealed in Fleming's own plastic bag.  This I just opened.  It has been reduced to just a big bone.  Such disappointment!
4	Flemings was one of our favorite restaurants when we lived in LA.  So were were very excited discovering what Flemings LV has to offer.  We decided to check out Happy Hour  (between 4:30-7pm) at around 5:30 because its a madhouse at the bar.  Yes you will have to wait around and fight for decent seating but its well worth it.We ordered:Sweet Chili Calamari.  Love this different take on traditional calamari with  marinara sauce.  Its breaded and covered in sweet chili sauce that resembles thai sweet chili sauce.Carpaccio.  Tasted great with the small pieces of toasted breadRoasted Mushroom Ravioli.  This was my least favorite dish only because I am not a huge ravioli fan in general.  My wife liked he dish very much.  Creamy.The $6 bacon burger.  Very tasty but a little bit on the salty side.Washed it all down with Pinot Noir.  All very good.We will definitely be back.  The price is right and the quality is very solid.  We also like the crowd which appears to be a little bit more on older side.  We appreciate the change in scenery and vibe.
3	The dinner had very good parts, some okay parts and some bad parts. We ordered two appetizers, the crispy pork bellies and the baked Brie. The crispy pork bellies had a great flavor and were very enjoyable. The baked Brie was just okay. The French onion soup was well done with an excellent flavor. The salads were average. The meat entrees were average to poor.  All were cooked to the proper temperature but for prime meat lacked flavor. The prime rib was very dry. The desserts were all good. The service was also a bit mixed. Our table was not ready at the time of our reservation and the lobby area is very limited. Upon being seated it took a long time to get our initial drinks (approx 10 minutes) for water. The service than greatly improved and became attentive though one side dish was forgotten and  at the end of the night it was noticed that the check had extra dessert on the bill. I would recommend several other steak houses above this place.
1	Warning friends, if you PARK valet or handicap, your car might get a dent on your fender from the Valet guy. Check your car out. Or carry lots of insurance, making dining even more expensive there. I was parked in handicap and he dented my rear fender, but unfortunately I didn't catch him.Me, next time I will have to sit by the window and watch the car every second.
3	My husband loves this place.  He likes the prime burger during Happy Hour and the filet Mignon for dinner date nights. The desert selection and the bread leave a lot to be desired.  The steak and the fish are good.  The creamed spinach is good too.  Place is a little pricey, but there aren't a lot of choices like this in the area so we're a captive audience.
4	Went here for my birthday. The decor is nice, clean and friendly staff. What you'd expect from a quality steakhouse. Seating is good, I don't like a place where tables are packed and you bump into fellow diners as you are getting into or out of your seat. I had the Taste of Summer three course meal. It was very good and for the cost, I highly recommend giving it a try. Kinda pricey and the portions are small. As I browsed the menu I kept flinching at the cost of some of the steaks and side dishes. Great flavor and a great dining experience. Not too fancy business casual and somewhat formal. Overall I was impressed with the service staff. Extremely detailed and excellent customer service. Super friendly and helpful. Our server went above and beyond to make our dining experience wonderful.It's on the expensive side. For me and my girlfriend, no cocktails or wine,  we shared an appitizer and dessert the bill was 150 with the tip.
4	Came here on a VERY busy night, looked like a social hour/wine tasting event or something. Despite the chaos out service was good. l had the pork chops which were DELICIOUS, and l normally don't even like chops l just didn't want a steak. Wedge salad was good and the mushroom ravioli was excellent. Will be back, only annoying thing was the noise level but like l said we went on a VERY busy night
5	Always a good time when we come here.  Staff are always on top of their game and very pleasant.  On terms of being a steak house Flemings is more like a 4 star restaurant, but due to the ambience and good service this location deserves 5 stars!
5	My mom and I have been here a couple of times and we love it everytime. Service is always amazing and the food is delicious. The mac and cheese is my absolute favorite, you have to order a side of that. The servers are always very friendly and actually have a conversation with you, making you feel like they actually care about your time there and not just the money your spending. Same with the managers, we always get someone to come and see how we're doing. With the reservations you never wait more than 5mins past your time. Oh and when you get your receipt, make sure to do the survey, I believe its $25 off your next visit.
5	I had my wedding reception here after a few visits on my own and then a few tastings. Used the back private room, had several dishes to offer...a really wonderful experience with outstanding food and service...It a foodies delight.
1	In the interest of full disclosure, I will state that this review is based on a visit my wife and I took to this location in May of this year (anniversary dinner), and some details might be a bit fuzzy in my mind at three months' remove.Between trips in and out of the area with my wife's best friend and me, my darling girl had seen this place many times and wanted to try it.  So ... anniversary time comes around, and instead of our usual trip to Austin's at the Texas, we went here.  Let's take this one piece at a time.1) Entry.  Upon entering and being seated, we were overwhelmed - and not in a good way - by the NOISE from the adjacent bar.  As a fellow who has worked culinary on and off during his work-force years, it was always impressed upon me that "fine dining" carried an atmosphere as well as a food quality.  Not a good start to our evening.2) Service.  Highest point of the evening.  Service was excellent.  Perhaps this night could be salvaged.3) Food.  My wife enjoyed her wedge salad.  At this remove, I can't remember what I had for an appetizer ... which means it wasn't outstanding in any way.  We both had the rib-eye, as this is our favorite cut of steak.  Again, I point out that I have been cooking professionally on-and-off for about fifteen years.  I was always taught that herbs and spices should be a subtle caress to the palate, not a solid right cross to the jaw.  Way too heavy-handed.  (And, yes, I know that's the "fashion trend" these days.)  I will admit that the steaks were cooked to perfection; the guy at the grill did indeed know what "medium rare" really means.  Side dishes were adequate.  Whatever it was that my wife ordered for dessert was pleasing to her; as a diabetic, I passed on that.  All in all, way too expensive for a sports bar, and way too crazy for a REAL steak house.So ... If these folks ever decide to cure their schizophrenia and determine whether they want to be the "Cheers" neighborhood sports bar or a true fine-dining establishment ... if they ever discover that the key to a pleasing menu is subtlety without trying to compete with the "trendy" places that add herbs, spices, twigs, nuts, bolts, screws, bells, lights, whistles and gongs just because someone found bottles of something at Smart and Final ... if they ever shed themselves of the culinary curiosities of architecture over tradition ... I may just return.  But someone will have to tell me, because we will not be back voluntarily.  I love my wife and my taste buds too much to subject them to this again.
5	An overall great experience for my wife's 50th birthday.  We started with the seafood tower and seared ahi.  The ahi was quite bland and the tower was served with only cocktail sauce and mayo, some drawn butter for the lobster and crab would have been nice.  This would have brought the rating down to 4 stars, but the servers (Marco and buddy) were outstanding!  I'm pretty sure the water glasses never got below half full at any point.  The dry aged New York strip was excellent, as was the filet.  The Fleming's potatoes were very flavorful. A great place for special occasions, pricey but good.
4	Clean air and great food!! The service is good/ not great. Mushroom ravioli is the best small plate ... They need to fix the beer tap/ Stella came out flat as a pancake but the server replaced it. I like when the server announces "last call for happy hour " especially if they know that's what you came for (did not happen) carpaccio was medics but the Burrata was great. I will be back!!
2	Please note, I seldom give anything less than quite favorable reviews.  Not this time, however. Hadn't been here before, but in the mood for steak.  Efficient valet parking. Dated decor; oh, well, it's the burbs.  Had a reservation, and the restaurant was less than half full. Hostess wanted to seat us right next to the kitchen on a main aisle. We requested a quieter table, so she then tried to put us directly next to a large party, though numerous other tables were empty.  Server was cordial, but heavily accented English made him difficult to understand. Ordered the $99 for two special. Was supposed to be 28 oz porterhouse (rather grizzly), roasted cauliflower (burnt), carrots (one each of the smallest baby carrots I've ever seen; they should have been called premie carrots) and potatoes (very burnt). They were out of the suggested wine, and the server brought over a container (no bottle with a label, though it was about $15 a glass), poured a bit to taste, then walked away! Had to pour my own glass! Had plenty of room for dessert (and we are not heavy eaters) but opted not to, and to cut our losses.  After tax and tip, with one glass of wine, no salad, it was nearly $90 a person.  There are many other places to choose from in this city. Will not be back here
1	My husband and I used to be regulars at this Flemming's meaning we would go there at least 2 times a month. Then Roy's closed and they moved staff from Roy's to Flemming's. Then the new Flemming's opened and we tried that one. We went to Flemming's in Summerlin tonight for their filet fall special. To say we were disappointed is an understatment. The salad was wilted and unseasoned, the filet tasted like dry pot roast and the carrots had no flavor what so ever other than the pepper sprinkled on them. The only thing that was at all good was the desert. Since we are on their mailing list for birthdays and anniversaries we got an email saying we could have a free desert for my birthday this month and our anniversary also this month. We got a mini box of chocolates. All for $189. Thanks but no thanks. My husband loved going to this place for the good food and good service. No more as of tonight we will not be going back.
4	This restaurant was pretty amazing.  I had 7:30pm reservations on a Friday night and we arrived 5 min early. Our table wasn't ready quite yet but we waited no more than 10-15 min since it was a full house.  The hostess apologized and was very polite and friendly.  Actually, the entire staff was extremely polite and very friendly.  When we were ready to order we put in for 1 appetizer and our meals +drinks.  They provided bread while we waited for our appetizer so it held us down for a bit, but that was when I realized that our appetizer was taking a while to come out. Finally, they came out with our food but still no appetizer. When I told the server he immediately ran off to check on our order. Soon after, the waiter returned with the appetizer and apologized for not bringing it out before our meals AND said it was on the house since it was their mistake.  The manager later came and also apologized and not only did she offer to take care of that item, but she also threw in a free dessert.  By the time we were done with our meals we were too stuffed to order a dessert so we told the waiter that we were fine without it. As we were waiting for our check to come, the manager came out once more and apologized again and gave us a small box of chocolate truffles PLUS a free $25 gift card.  It was completely unexpected but greatly appreciated.  The service was just outstanding considering they made such a small mistake.  The food was amazing as well and the ambiance of the restaurant was cozy and romantic.  I will definitely be returning!
1	My wife and I had dinner here last night and was not impressed.  After placing our order for the fillet and ordering it well done we received it burnt and raw.  The waitress did 're order and came back with another one the same way .... The sides dishes were over cooked as well .... needless to say we will not return to this bad steak house.    Jim Carey
5	I always enjoy eating here.  Service is great and they're always willing to accommodate my lower calorie adaptations of things. Wine list is great. Parking is usually a pain but worth the hassle.
5	I'm so glad I chose this place for my boyfriend's birthday dinner, as they did not disappoint at any moment. Our server was one of the best servers I've ever had, I'm pretty sure his name was Brandon but my boyfriend thought it was Brendan. He was super knowledgeable on the menu, as well as personable and friendly. Anyways, we spilt a Caesar and a Filet Mignon, and my boy got the King Crab. We were amazed with every dish. The King Crab has caviar, and the Caesar had prosciutto. There were so many amazing flavors and everything came out extremely quick, considering how busy it was. They gave my boy a box of chocolates for his birthday and a $25 gift card, but most importantly stellar service and food. We will definitely be back!
4	I had a great meal at Flemings. I started the night with a glass of the Downtown Abby Ale while I was waiting for me table on Christmas Eve. They oversold the place, but alas, it was Christmas, they wanted to take care of as many people as possible.As for the ale, It's a great, hoppy beer from New York. I really enjoyed the flavor from the hops. As soon as I got seated, I moved on to a beautiful Caesar Salad with fried capers. I know it sounds weird, but trust me, it was delicious. It was a bit delayed, but they brought us fresh bread with two different Arizona butters that they make in house. Both were delightful. The only thing that would have made it better would have been if I got the bread prior to my salad course.As for my main entree, I went for the bone in rib eye. The flavor was out of this world. I asked for rare, and that was exactly what I got. At that point, I was ready for another beer. I was delighted to see the Sierra Nevada Torpedo Extra IPA. Such a treat if you like IPA's and hoppy beers.The only thing that I would recommend, is getting an accompaniment of cabernet butter to go with your steak. As for sides, the best way to go is with the creamed spinach and the blue cheese infused mashed potatoes. Overall, the dining experience was a 3.5/5 due to some timing issues. As for the food, I would give it a solid 4.5/5
2	I ate here about two weeks ago and I have to say I was very unimpressed. I came here because about 5 years ago I had the best filet ever. Their steak has gone down hill. My rating is based solely on the food and not the service. If I was doing the review based on service, it would have been a 5 star. I got the larger filet and ordered it med. well. When it first came out, it was so burned that it was like eating beef jerky. Normally I don't send food back, because you never know what could happen, but when paying 45 for just the steak... I thought hell no. So ok fine, no biggie. I send it back, and it comes back in less then 20 min. I start cutting into the steak and could tell right away something wasn't right... Oh that's because it came back raw. Third time finally got it right but the quality of steak is certainly not worth the price.... The meat was so very tough. Hard to justify paying 45 for it. Very sad, as I will not waste my money there again, until I'm over my anger with the cook. The sides came out luke warm, which wasn't impressive at all but we said nothing considering the whole steak fiasco. With two of us, both having a salad a steak and one side, an iced tea and glass of wine then a shared desert was 160 (which was after they comped the steak). By far a disappointment. On the flip side, our server was amazing. I mean we never had a dirty plate or empty glass the entire time we were there. So if you are looking for the highest quality of service, this is the place to go. If their food matched the prices then we wouldn't let the bad steak ruin us. Maybe after my distaste wears off, I'll try them out again.
5	I have eaten at a few steakhouses and by far this place takes the cake!!! From the moment I walked in til the minute we left I loved every single thing about this place. My server was marco, and let me say that he was by the best sever I have EVER had!!! The food was the best, steak was cooked perfect, food was hot, the taste was awesome!!! I was so excited I took pics after I started eating it lol!! I would give this place 10 stars.  It was for my birthday and marco brought me truffles and chocolate covered strawberries!! I would recommend this steakhouse to anyone!!
