3	The First Second Saturday went very well.  They had almost 100 local artists.  I was most impressed with the fact that there were only a couple that were more craft than art.  The art was unique, and very interesting.They were supposed to have music in 4 different locations.  Only one of those locations, Grinders,  was successfully playing continuous music from 5pm til I left around 8.  They rotated between a Celtic band, a blues band, and belly dancers.  I enjoyed all three, but I admit, I liked the blues band the best.  The coffeehouse owner, Dennis, played harmonica and sang with them.  I had no idea he was so talented.The bands at the other locations were always tuning or talking whenever I went by.  I think one was supposed to be jazz.  I'm not sure about the other.This was the first "Second Saturday Art Walk." and the turnout was great for an unknown event.  There were tons of people wandering.  I was really surprised to see such a broad range of ages.... I expect that the event will grow.  It was a nice way to start a Saturday evening.
3	For a new event, it was really organized and the turnout was bigger than I had thought it would be.I am hoping more artists/vendors participate from now on.  There were different painters, photographers and glass-blown products.  A few were a bit too "crafty" for me, though.Went with Sarahbear and Nathan S.  We walked the whole thing, starting at Grinders.  They had a big crowd and rotated different genres of music and belly dancing.  (what's with the belly dancing???)There were 3 other bands "playing".  Never heard a song, just a lot of tuning-up.  Maybe they had stage fright?The bike cops were cool.  Not so the drunk guy who said I knew nothing of tattoos...then said "you don't know nuttin' 'bout paper".  He followed the 3 of us for a few moments, ranting about my lack of paper knowledge.  I got a bit freaked out by the Little Caesar's guy.  He looked like a giant walking penis.  He also put a flyer on my car.  Ugh.I will go to the next one and keep going to see the growth!  Glad another neighborhood is showcasing local arts.THE SOCK ZOMBIES WERE COOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Second Saturdays.The Sunnyslope [Ahem, that's the Northernmost tip of the central corridor] Second Saturday Art Walk this evening was awesome!It was like First Fridays without the overcrowding, parking issues, or pretentious folk.Everyone was from the neighborhood, which ruled.  I saw sosososo many of my old customers from when I worked at a nearby Starbucks and a coupla baristas too.  There were plenty of kids and dogs hangin out havin fun.  Next time I'll bring my daughter.The very cool band Try Me Bicycle (now extra good with Nate Geer, of Starbucks fame) played. I also saw a rockin' band with bag pipes play at the coffee shop Grinders (fantastic espresso). The art was fun and some of the cool artists from Hissyfits craft sale were there. The best part, of course, was when I went to leave... and just walked back home.  Hooray Community!!!PS- where's my option to tell you I'm listening to Try Me Bicycle??
4	Getting to hang with Amy and Sarabear definately pushed the joys of this event up, but it was stand alone a great place to be. The stage outside Grinders was pure fun. I also preffered the blues band and have to wonder along with Amy what is up with the belly dancers? I have seen more this weekend than my whole life put together beforhand.The stands were mostly good and as I am strapped for cash but really need some art I took many cards from many talented artists...Also I want a sock zombie in a bad way.I can't wait to see the growth here as a few more artists representing is all this place really needs....well that and a beer garden.
4	Tonight's event was loads of fun .  Whoever planned this event knew their stuff.  She must be a genius . We ( ten year old and I ) were in just the right mood to peruse the artsy crafts and/ or crafty arts. We loved the big floral clips, artwork de la Muerta , kitschy earrings and charm bracelets. I   now am inspired to make some tie dyed onesies for my twin god babies , loved the vibe.The extra special touch was the festive attitude in the  air.  People seemed relaxed and ready to have a good time . It was great running into friends all over the place including the fabulous Wyatts and the birthday girl Abby. My friend Janice and her Steve were on their vintage bikes and checking out the jewelry , I  ran into a longtime teacher friend who now is the principal at Sunnyslope Elementary and got to catch up on life. The music was relaxing and very laid back .I can't wait to do it again .
4	Went tonight with my sister and BIL. I swore to them it would be a quick in and out and hours later we all made our way back to the car with our treasures in hand and humming the theme to Peter Gunn (a favorite from one of several bands which were performing). The thing that really sets this apart for me is the sense of community which is woven around its every component. It's not your typical art/craft thing where you feel like people are just there to sell their wares. It feels natural or somehow organic and the public clearly responds. I loved the number of family units I saw spending/sharing their evening together and it was super pet friendly.Add in a sprinkling of Yelpers here and there (Audrey W. and Deb L. are great huggers!) and it was truly a wonderful time. I went as a sign of support and came home a fan. Can't wait to do it again!
5	This is a five star for me.  I am an artist that has participated since day one.  I have watched this artist showing grow from the beginning.  It is great for several reasons...the artists are new and innovsative, the bands all along the walk give it a great groove, the people that run it really do care.  I wouldn't miss it either as an artist or attendee.  You will find something special that makes great for you too.
4	This is my third time attending.  Each time has been with different folks which changes how the venue is seen.  I am sure this will not be my last.  Due to forecasted inclement weather many of the stalls were empty and the attendance was light.  Still had a good time though.
4	Great artwalk. Lovingly organized and amazing turnout. Some really cool local artists young and old. Fun fitness zumba instruction going on. Live music. Check out my twitter feed (@missreesemarie) for a video of a surf band call The Coconauts and a DJ named Donjay. My friend bought a pair of ceramic earings. I bought some coffee from a little shop. What a fun start to a great night!!! Great place to just enjoy the art and people!
4	I did not know that it's larger than it seems BUT I enjoyed the fact that it was so accessible to get to. Part of it is in the parking lot of a shopping complex and the rest of it goes across central ave and down the street. Stop by Grinders Coffee house for live music, and just check out the different artisan vendors. Atmosphere is great as well as the overall vibe!
