4	Walking up St-Denis one night looking for a place to eat we passed restaurant after restaurant, hemming and hawing about what to choose, and finally we spotted L'Academie and remembered it as being on a list of recommendations and so we dove right in.It was fantastic, a great save for Montreal after several mediocre dining experiences.  The food was excellent, just outstanding, and the atmosphere was very comfortable on the third level, in a nice quiet area.I'd love to go back.
3	Overrated, not worth the lineup, yet I still like going there occasionally. Why? It's quick, convenient, a good place for groups, and, most importantly, it's BYO.  Call it fast food bistro food. I'd say avoid the upscale stuff on the menu (not worth it) and stick to the pasta or the mussels.  Personally, I always eat the mussels which are pretty good, if not spectacular (although I avoid them during the warmer months when you tend to get the fat mushy kinds that have the consistency of glue). One of the challenges of the place is to slow down the too fast service which generally tries to clear you out of there as soon as possible to make way for the hordes lined up outside waiting to get in. Bring lots of bottles of wine and keep drinking them so they can't get rid of you.
5	Great food, atmosphere and service.  It's BYO and there's a liquor store right next door, so while you wait to be seated, which can take upwards of an hour, you can peruse the wine selection, which while not huge is good enough for the untrained palate.  The second we were taken to our table, the waitress took our wine, opened and iced it.  I was impressed by their attention to detail when they weren't getting tipped for the alcohol purchase nor charged a corking fee.  America take a hint! The pasta was great, as were the mussels.  I remember their gnocchi being fantastic as well.  I tried their dessert, but don't remember what I went with but that it was good.  The food was awesome, and it definitely didn't break the bank.  The same meal in the same restaurant across the border would cost significantly more.  Worth the trip and the wait!
4	I second most of the other reviews- great, affordable food (especially the mussels au poivre with frites), comfortable modern atmosphere.  Service, like everywhere else in Montreal, can be iffy at times but I've never had any real issues.  There's a SAQ liquor store next door for BYO wine- saves a ton of $!  Great people watching in the summer when all the giant windows are open- I remember getting a third floor view of the jovial aftermath of a France World Cup win (crowds flooded the streets honking horns and waving flags so they had to block off St. Denis).
4	Bring your own wine and hang out in a trendy location in the plateau! The veal scallopini is good. as well as the lobster bisque! The lines are long but if you go on a nice summer evening it's not such a bother as it's a busy fun street with lots to look at!  Good for the younger crowd who don't mind hanging around waiting.
3	A great apportez-votre-vin pre-going out dinner spot. The food can be hit or miss. The moule are usually my option of choice.  Try to arrive early, as they don't take reservations. With a large group, you can spend a long time hanging around, drinking your own wines and get the bill just in time for the clubs down the street to open up. Classic french cuisine at cheaper than expected prices.
2	A good BYOB if you're a big group. The restaurant is so massive that they can sit pretty well any size group anytime. Also, they don't ask you leave after you're done, so you can keep on drinking.By no means is this a bad place, I just tend to gravitate towards places with really amazing food. L'academie is reasonable food and a reasonable price, not some place I'd go if I'm looking for a special night out.
5	Very nice place! Food is delish.
4	Great spot because prices are reasonable, the staff is friendly, it's big so you're likely to get a seat, you can people-watch like crazy (inside or outside through the big windows), and there are lots of food choices.  I had mussels and frites, a salad to start, and split a dessert with my daughter. The bill for the two of us came to just over $50.  I wasn't familiar with the BYOB concept but found it refreshing when the waiter offered to wait if I wanted to run across the street to buy a bottle of wine.  Casual place, lots of energy, great for a group, but fun for two as well.  I saw a couple having a more romantic (quiet) meal at the back of the second floor in a corner table, so there's something for everyone.A fun neighborhood, so definitely check it out!
4	This restaurant gets pretty decent ratings from me for its ability to accommodate so many patrons, very decent food and providing all this for reasonable pricing.Despite the restaurant itself having a pretty modern and hip decor where they could easily follow other restaurants in the trend of charging higher for style instead of substance, they have had enough restraint to keep the prices decent.The BYO aspect also make it decent as you can easily provide as much liquor as you want for your meal without getting charged a restaurant markup for your wine.The food they serve is a fusion of Italian and French and while no dish really stood out as being truly innovative for fusion, their dishes are tasty enough to warrant repeated visits.They are most famous for their Moule Frites which a few friends who were with me decided to order and were more than happy with.I ended up getting the special Chicken Supreme which had a pretty comical name in my opinion but turned out to be quite delicious.It was a chicken stuffed with canneberge, caramelized apple sauce and pears.The desserts were all very delicious with Tiramisu being the fan favorite at our table.Service was attentive and efficient, with finished plates always being cleaned up within minutes of completion.  This might have something to do with the long lines that this place can see, although at no point during the meal did we feel rushed.
4	Charming place, great menu, nice to BYOW. The escargots are a favorite starter, and their main courses are prepared with care and always delicious. And the prices are surprisingly reasonable, even with the crummy exchange rates for USD. I try to go for dinner here at least once when I am in Montreal.
2	I spent one long afternoon for lunch here. The place was empy and airy, bright considering it was grey and wet outside. Such a pleasant place to sit and watch Montreal stroll easily in the rain. I ordered caesar salad, it was nothing special. Definitely in the lower range of my caesar rating. The linguini dish that came later was not a disappointment, but just OK. I started to wander why there were always crowds in front of this restaurant before dinner? The food was nothing to brag about. It must be the space and the BYOB, with SAC right next door and all.
3	I have very mixed feeling about l'Academie.  I've eaten here on four different occasions, and every time it's been a completely different experience.  Everything from the food to the service to the entire restaurant atmosphere can vary greatly.  The last time I was there the service was impeccable.  Despite it being a busy Friday night, we were seated swiftly in a quiet area.  The waiter quickly brought us water, opened our bottle of wine, and poured us glasses.  I had several questions concerning the menu (high cholesterol makes one ask about the butter and cream content of dishes - sometimes something that looks like it won't be cream heavy is...) that were answered with expertise.  When our waiter didn't know, he promised to go and ask the chef; he returned within 3 minutes with a detailed answer.  I decided to go with the tuna steak with coriander-lime vinaigrette; I had ordered this dish on a previous occasion and had been much impressed that they had cooked it per my request.  Unfortunately, I don't think the dish I was served on this second occasion had anything in common with the first.  I asked for my tuna to be cooked rare, almost blue.  I order tuna at restaurants because I find that the slight searing beautifully complements that raw interior; it's like sushi but better.  Unfortunately, the steak of tuna that was brought was cooked all the way through, to an extent that it was almost chewy and tough.  It was like tuna out of a can, but worse.  My companion ordered a filet mignon cooked rare; alas, his dish was similar to mine.  The sauces were very nice, but the fact that the meat was so overcooked destroyed the whole dish.  I hate to be left wanting when I'm paying $25 for a dish, yet that is what happened.However, on the other hand, I have had some very good meals here.  The first time around, the tuna was cooked to perfection, as was my friend's steak.  The gnocchi with blue cheese is a delightful dish; I would probably order it every time, if I did not have that slight aversion to cream.  The rest of the pastas are fairly standard, nothing incredible, but a decent meal for a decent price.  I've only had Moules et Frites once, but it was incredible.  I polished off every last morsel in the largest bowl of mussels that I've ever tackled.  The veal is again a hit and miss dish; I've seen people rave about it, and I've seen  left on the plate.  In conclusion, this restaurant gets three stars because of its high variability.  I've had a meal here that I would give five stars, but another that I would give one.  My suggestion is to stick with the pasta and the Moules et Frites; they're a little bit cheaper, come in generous portions, and tend not to disappoint.
4	I'm rating this on behalf of my friends and I, because a lot of what they ordered during our latest visit helped with the overall rating.BYOB/AVV is the popular thing to do, and it's convenient that there's a nearby store to pick up a bottle.  It's always busy and loud around dinner time so avoid coming here if you want to have a quiet dinner.  No doubt, the goings on at other tables could stimulate conversation at your own table.If you like seafood, the mussels are a must.  This is where my friend's dishes come in to play.  Each of them ordered a different mussel dish and were surprised at how many mussels they received on their plate and how delicious their plates' respective sauces were.  I've always ordered a pasta dish and have never been disappointed with my choices.Service has always been pretty good every time.  The wait staff is generally attentive (and they don't look that bad either).  The chairs are quite comfy even though seating is a bit tight.  Prices were pretty reasonable.
5	Best place we dined in while inontreal. Also a good people watcher place. Good service and fine food.  Definitely the place to see and be seen. Uber urbane
3	Good place. BYOB. Pricey food. Awesome atmosphere.I think essentially it provided a great backdrop for the bachelorette dinner I attended, not so much for the food but for the zen and modern decorations. And also the bring your own wine thing... Helps with an SAQ next door. The experience was fun but mainly because of my group, not so much the restaurant itself.
4	This place is great.  I used to go there everytime I had  friends visiting Montreal. This restaurant is loud and very busy, which is great for impressing them :).The food is very good. I think it is relatively cheap for what you get.
4	Oh, how I miss you, L'acadamie!  I love your mussels and the BYOB option, and I've shared some good meals with good friends at your tables.  The wait, however, is killer... although usually quite worth it.
1	This was a nightmare ! Accused to be a thief in a restaurant for not leaving traditional 15% tip for services I was totally dissatisfied with !?I went for dinner on a Monday. We were so hungry we would have eaten even on the side walk. We brought our favorite wine and with a super good mood we stepped in L'Academie St Denis.We ordered one of the specials (mussels) and duck (which is actually one of their top offers). The service was incredibly slow! I had to ask 2 times to have my bottle of wince opened. In the end another waiter showed up to fill with water and, after he did his job, he returned to open the bottle. As it was a white wine I asked for a cooler with it, which came after another good waiting time (we were half way through our bottle). We ordered out choices and he didn't mentioned to us that the special comes with a soup or a salad. I had to call him again to tell him what I just found out from the next table and order the soup. It looks like eating in a place where tabled are jammed pack one next to the other is a good thing after all. The food was ready in a decent time (or maybe it was just the wine to make the wait look short). The soup was good, mussels were very good (but I noticed they reduced the portions comparing with before), the duck was average with canned-like sauce.So much sauce, so much grease ... I asked for more bread. It seemed to us we could have jumped naked on a table not to catch the attention of our waiter. Another waiter came with the bread.We were so not happy with the service. Everything I asked was like a battle: had to literally wave to catch his attention, every time he came with something he was throwing them on the table. He looked like if I were to bother him more he would spit on food before bringing in.Anyway, we made it through and we asked for the bill right away, no desert as we had too much (too much of a bad service).So now the nightmare part! We decided to leave him exactly 10% of the price before taxes. This would have been an alarm bell to struggle to provide a better service next time. It seems like he didn't need any bell. He didn't pick the paper slip from the table but he put his finger on it to point to the tip! And then he explained me what the price is, where the taxes are, where the total is and where the tip line is. I told him I knew all that and that is all for his services. He  actually had the guts to bargain with me: "What, that's it!? For the whole night!? You asked me to bring you that, open you that, more that...and that's it!?" So I told him "You know, guess what? Now that you mentioned it ...." and I took the slip back from him to adjust the tip. He literally pulled out the paper slip from my hand and started to scream (yes to scream): "You know how this is called? This is stealing!" I said "That's it! I want to talk with you manager!" Of course he left and never called the manager but just continue with the other tables. I asked another 2 waiters until the manager actually was told to come at out table. I asked him to bring back my slip where I adjusted the tip to zero. I explained him the situation and left the decision to him.Accused to be a thief in a restaurant for not leaving traditional 15% tip for services I was totally dissatisfied with!?
4	I am so surprised at all the negative reviews. This is a place we have been known to queue up in the snow to eat at. It is always on our itinerary when we visit Montreal. A trip up there without dining at L'academie would feel incomplete. I have never had a bad meal here. I usually get one or another variety of the moules et frites. I'm a big fan of the curry ones but most of the ones I've tried have been fab. The penne a' la vodka is delicious too as are the grilled langoustines. The restaurant is BYOB and there's an SAQ conveniently right across the street. I much prefer to come here during lunch. It's a little cheaper, you avoid the crazy dinner queue, and it's less manic. Plus I love to sit by an open window on a sunny afternoon and enjoy my meal.
4	Food is great!The decors is marvelous and the bathroom is just spectacular.The staff are very friendly and professional.Cheers,Eric Van Nguyen
2	Food is decent. Service is so-so. It is a so-called fast / semi fine dining. What can you expect from a bring-your-own-wine place?
3	Solid 3 stars right down the middle. They never accomplished a top performance. But they are consistently good enough. For the money and considering its a bring your own wine, L'Academie gets a C grade! Why eat at home when you can go out for a minimal cost?
2	I suppose it's a good place if you like bringing your own booze, otherwise they pressure you to order lots of food and the food is not really the showcase. I had the pasta and the price was right, but there are just better options.
4	This was the 2nd time at this nice bring your own bottle place.  There is a provincial liquor store across the street and we chose a Mouton Rothchild white and a 2004 Chateau Labegorce Margaux red.To start, we had escargot, fried calamari and mussels.  Soup du jour was a veggie puree.  Two had beef and I chose duck.  Red meat was tender but breast was a bit tough.
1	don't go here.after reading reviews, i went to it.i and my friend ordered 2 pastas. they were horrible taste.alfredo didn't have anything. only it and sauce.if you are very hungry, i want to recoomend here.they serve huge amount of pastas
4	Ended up here after Tasso's was closed(Sunday). Fantastic ambiance- three stories high with a great patio and open window concept. Bring your won wine and no corkage fee makes this a plus as wel (SAQ right across the street is very convinient.)l. The food was decent but the experience was great. Really romantic and the window view gives you a great setting. . Definitely worth going to if you're new to Montreal or just trying to do something different.
3	Not a bad BYOB. We ended up there on a busy Saturday night, but we were seated within five minutes for a group of ten. Service was slow at parts. The bread was good though (fresh and still warm). I ordered a Filet mignon, and it was delicious (nice and tender with great flavors). Pricing is a little high for small portions though (I would have expected slightly more sides with the beef. Overall, food is good, service is slow, price is a little high. Not a bad place to start off an evening with friends.
1	terrible and expensive..  very cheap food quality..
1	Normally this place was OK. But we went there recently and the service and food were both Disgusting.  Our server was an Asian guy who told us the calamari was only "pretty good" but better than the muscles. That was the vibe to start our night: a server who didn't even like the food. So we ordered with that great attitude as our starting point.We got snails, calamari, and the cannelloni.Snails were good.Calamari was rubbery.Cannelloni (after waiting very long time and offered more bread to compensate) tasted microwaved, rubbery. The server then got mad at us for complaining, saying that him and the staff tasted the food and it was fine.  (btw, we NEVER usually complain.. takes a lot for us to complain).   When he brought the bill, he said that next time he would charge us for food we return.There won't be a next time.
3	We went t St-Denis location yesterday for our anniversary.I took a soup and Roquefort mussels, my husband took smoked salmon and spaghetti bolognese. In the beginning it was good, the starters arrived fast and they were quite good. However, after they took our plates away we waited for about 1h (!!) for the main course. It looked like everyone around us who arrived 0-30 minutes later than us was served much earlier than we were. Being still hungry we even ate all the bread while waiting. Not my preferred source of calories, to be honest.When the main courses finally arrived, we received no apology or anything like that from the waiter. She acted like nothing happened at all. On the bright side, mussels were really tasteful, big and meaty, and the sauce was delicious. I wish I didn't have to eat that much bread waiting for them. In the end I couldn't finish my meal because of that. I would note that they could have put more fries on the side. The quantity was fine with me, but for someone with bigger appetite or someone who didn't take an appetizer it might have not been enough.My husband was not as lucky, his spaghetti were very mediocre, the sauce tasted more like stuff from a can. He merely finished a half of it.And oh, food presentation was also very poor.We left without coffee or dessert because after 2h+ meal we weren't sure how long it would take them to serve dessert and we didn't want to miss our train.All in all, I wouldn't go back to the same location, but I would give it another try in T-Can location that's closer to my home to see if the experience will be different. The mussels were indeed great, the atmosphere was nice and casual, and the bill ($40) was  reasonable for what we got.
4	It saddens me that this place has such subpar reviews. This was the first restaurant my friends and I landed in after getting sadly rejected by another restaurant down the street. We had just driven for a few hours and just wanted to eat. First of all, this place is three stories. Holy crap. But not only is it three stories, the service was SPECTACULAR for us. We ordered the food and it came out in less than half an hour. We had escargot, mussels in some sort of sauce with cognac I think??, duck in raspberry sauce, and seared tuna. I honestly cannot speak more highly of the food.The duck in raspberry sauce was genius. Never would I ever have thought of something so clever. The mussels in the cognac broth was also really different but such a creative way of cooking mussels. I think my favorite part of the meal was when we asked for the dessert menu and the waiter just walked out with an entire tray of desserts. That was pretty sick. We ended up not ordering dessert, but the overal dining experience was fine. Honestly, I really don't understand why this place has such poor reviews on Yelp. It's a really solid find, and even though we went on a busy Friday night, we were still able to get seated in a packed restaurant and we got food within a reasonable, actually quick, amount of fine. tldr; great place, I'd definitely recommend it to anyone as a solid dinner option in Montreal
3	L'academie is well..... L'academie. You don't go there for the fantastic food (let's be honest, it's not all that great) or the service (it took our waitress 3 tries to get our bill right which in the end was still wrong). But you go there for the cheap dishes and BYOW.
5	I was 2 years ago that I had been here. The lasagna was so yummy that I cannot forget.
2	Ok I would probably give this a 1 star based on food alone. They used to have an amazing gnocci but now have removed it from the menu (why???) so I got the fettuccine alfredo which was....... not good. honestly felt sick after eating it. Just not flavourful at all. So food is not so good, but where this place makes up for it is the experience, when you go with friends with one bottle of wine each really nothing beats that. It's better to go Sunday-Wednesday nights though as the pasta prices are nearly half off!!! It's crazy actually to think that they try to charge $17 for that awful fettuccine alfredo on weekends... absurd.
2	Plutot decevant comme experience. A plusieurs reprises, nous avons du demander pour du services. Malgres que courtois, les serveurs nous servaient des excuses bidons pour expliquer le delais. Il semblerait qu'un steak bien cuit a besoin d'Une demi-heure, voir plus... Pourtant, les patates etaient encore dures. Le steak, lui, etait carbonise, alors que le fois meduim-saignant etait bien cuit... A croire que leur evaluation est un peu biaisee. Apportez quelques bouteilles pour profiter du temps d'attente.
3	We ended up at L'academie kind of randomly, and while the food was alright it wasn't really memorable either.We did a fondue Parmesan to start, which was apparently a fancy fried cheese stick, then a pasta and tuna dish for mains. Both were good, but very straightforward preparations with nothing really standing out. On a street packed with such excellent restaurants, I think it's tough to recommend this one.
1	Mediocre food and terrible service.  A group of 25 of us went for dinner on a recent Friday.  We had made reservations well in advance.  When we arrived, we were told that our party was on the 3rd floor.  When we got there, 2 waiters were standing around, chatting with each other.  Neither of them acknowledged our arrival.  Since we didn't really know where our section was and we were among the first to arrive, we stood around waiting for the rest of our party.  Nobody offered to take our wine, open and serve it.  Once our party was complete, our orders were taken within a short delay.  Then we waited...and waited...over 35 minutes for our apetizers.  What we received was not very good.  3 of us had ordered Ceasar salad.  Whoever made it was obviously lazy because 1 salad had way too much dressing while another barely had any.  You could tell it had not been properly mixed.Then we waited.....and waited....and waited some more for our entrees.  Almost 1 hour had passed between services and not once had the waiter come to the table.  When the food arrived, most of us were disappointed.  An order of veal marsala was served with penne with tomato sauce.  To say the flavors clashed is an understatement.  But, it seemed that only 1 side had been made for all orders as everyone had the same penne/tomato sauce combo that looked like it had been made in the afternoon.  You know that look pasta gets when it's been sitting for a while, like cafeteria food?  Yeah, that's what we got.  Another diner ordered chicken in a creamy mushroom sauce and couldn't tell what kind of meat he'd received.  He was convinced it was pork.  I tasted it and it was very overdone chicken in a bland sauce.  A lot of plates were removed with still lots of food on them.  We were not asked if we liked our food or if anything was wrong.Dessert...at last, right?  More than 30 minutes after removing our dinner plates, we still had not ordered dessert or had coffee served.  When we cornered the waiter, he returned to the table with a plate of desserts and set them in the center of the table without any instructions.  We had no utensils and were not sure what the deal was.  We waited for him to take our order but he didn't.  Eventually, one of the guests managed to get himself a coffee.  The table nearly erupted in mutiny because we all wanted coffee.  I ordered creme brulee which, although it tasted ok, was a strange orange color.In all, it took over 4 hours for the entire meal.  Our server was indifferent, not friendly or warm.  The best staff member was the busboy who smiled and chatted with the guests.I would not recommend this restaurant under any conditions.  There are so many good restaurants in this area.  Save yourself the trouble and go to one of them!
5	This is my favourite middle class restaurant. Every time I come here I always receive quality service and excellent gourmet cuisine. They hosted an event for the McGill Management International Case Competition and the attendees loved the cuisine! The best part is you may bring your own bottle (BYOB) and they provide the glasses and ice.
5	Ate here last Friday night along with my girlfriend when visiting Montreal. It was a recommended resturant from a local that I work with. It did not dissapoint. Showed up at around 8:30 pm with no reservation. Was givne a table about 3 minutes later... This resturant allows you to bring your own wine, I did not know that.. I got up and went over quickly to the liquor store directly across the street, and got a nice bottle of California red. Don't show up without a bottle to this place.. it's goes great with the food!The bread they serve complimentary was delicious! I had more than my fair share. We both opeted for the set menu that included soup and a coffee/tea at the end. We also had a couple of tapas - the calamari which was served chilled, and another which I can't remember, but it was also excellent. (not listed online)The soup we had was a lime and watercrest based soup, and it was very good. I had the 1/2 rack of ribs and beef dish with frites.. The ribs were excellent, the beef was okay.. The fries were perfect. My girlfriend had the salmon dish - it was excellent. Portions here are very large, atypical of a French resturant or one that you find in Montreal. Our waiter even offered to give us cappacinos even though it was not included. We ate a ton of food, and the bill was about $70 before tip..This place will be repeated when we return next time to Montreal.
