1	I won't speak for the whole company, but I will tell this branch is undertrained very unfriendly and makes no apologies for it.
4	This branch is located inside of the Albertson's. There is an ATM and a small counter with about 3 tellers for your convenience. I have always found the wait time to be under 5 minutes each time I have used a teller. They are friendly and ask if you need other assistance. They do ask that you take off hats and sunglasses while using the facility which is totally understandable because of safety concerns.
4	There is sometimes a wait and no matter how often I come in they never recognize me.
3	I have an e-checking account, joined after my husband opened the account. Cost $5.00 for face to face with credit union staff or by a real live person on the phone; pathetic.
1	If I could give no star I would, this place is a joke with all the banking options available sscu does no longer compete..it's greedy and small  ...10 yrs ago it was the bank now it's a JOKE it closed down all banks charge u $5 to have account hold money for weeks at a time in ATM and this branch especially the manager will die before getting her lazy ass out of her cubicle it's prob stuck to the chair because it's been years since she's gave  a shit about her job  and shes heartless and incompetent but is a very well trained monkey which Is why she still has a job at that shitty place cause she won't go out of her way to help you beware sscu is a rip off been at there credit union since I was a child don't do it
1	Silver state Schools Credit Union used to function like a community bank. No longer. Now they use every trick the big banks use to squeeze fees and money out of their "customer" who they treat as suckers.
1	I've been with this bank since I started my teaching career 16 years ago.  I regret to say that their practices, customer service, teller competence, and locations have significantly decreased in quality in recent years.  At the top of their game I would have only rated them with 3 or 4 stars.  We've always had a joint account at another credit union that my husband joined through the medical profession, so we've always had a comparison and SSSCU has always trailed behind.  Regardless, I kept our joint SSSCU open and continued having a portion of my pay deposited there every month.  I have finally submitted the paperwork to human resources to end the deposits and will close my account at SSSCU after our next pay period to make sure the deposits have transferred to our other bank.  I should have closed our accounts there ten years ago!!!  There were several deciding factors and I'm only listing a few of the most recent, but #4 was the final straw:1.  Several branches have closed, making it difficult to go in person.  2.  One teller was unable to answer basic questions regarding certificate accounts and rates.3.  There have been incorrect checking fees charged to our account in error on 3 occasions in the previous year.  The bank kindly reversed the charges each time, suggesting a computer error or oversight, but it still took time out of my day to contact them and get it sorted out.   4.  Some tellers are really pleasant, but those who are rude are horrible!  A teller (at a store location) was extremely rude when my husband went in to ask a question about college savings programs.  She told him that all of the information was on the website and wanted to know what questions he had about that information.  He said that he hadn't looked online and thought he'd just stop by to get information.  She told him that all he had to do was read through the information the bank provides online and THEN come back if he had questions.  Don't commit to a bank that doesn't respect its members!
