3	For the office as whole I give EVFP 3 stars. They are usually relatively speedy about giving you an appointment, a lot of times it depends on the doctors. Although you can always get in right away to a PA, which depending on the issue is just perfect.The phone system is easy to navigate and I like that it is really easy to leave a message for your Doctor's assistants, and they are really good about calling you back. A lot of the time I call and leave a message and hear back by the end of the day.My doctor is Paige Walend MD. and I love her! She sits with you and takes as much time as you want to ask any and all questions. I never feel rushed or that I am one in a sea of many. She talks about her children and always asked about my life. It is almost uncanny what she remembers about what I have told her in the past. So if I was giving stars for my Dr. I would give 5!Overall, I think the location, on Chandler Blvd, just east of Dobson, is a great convenient location. And I will continue to see Dr. Walend.Oh on a side note, sometimes the ladies where you check in seem like they are over worked and unhappy, but then other times they are the nicest people you have ever met. Maybe it just depends on the day!
5	It usually takes a while to find a doctor you are comfortable with.  I was extremely lucky to find one here.  Dr. Gannon is by far the best physician I have seen.  He listens, doesn't rush through your appointment, and is thorough.The office staff always calls back within a reasonable amount of time, they can get you in normally within a day and they are always kind.
1	The doctors might be good but the office staff are so rude and behave like they own the place. My wife had an awful experience even getting an appointment with a general practitioner. There are tons of family doctors out there who have much friendlier offices. Find some other place where they greet you with a smile.
5	I've been coming here since they were on Dobson road near Elliot (probably about 12 years!), and I will never go anywhere else.  I have been seeing Dr. Tamburo since childhood, and he is always willing to answer any questions, or work with you to see that you get the treatment you need.  His #1 nurse, Betsey, is super sweet as well.  It can be difficult to get an appointment, but I guess that's what happens when so many great docs are all in one place =)  Go see Dr. Tamburo - you won't regret it!
1	If I could give it less I would....This place is terrible.  My husband has only seen his doctor twice in the 12 years we have been here, the billing dept is a joke (good luck trying to get a hold of someone to speak with),  They have had their chance and now we are outta here.  Look elsewhere if you want good care with good staff.  There has to be better providers that this place.
4	The office staff....good days and  bad days...  Phone system.... mehHowever, Dr Walend ROCKS and I really love the fact that they have a lab within the office so you do not have to visit the outside labs to get your blood drawn.
4	Dr. Timothy Baker: 5 starsClinic staff/nurses: 1 starDr. Tim Baker has been my family physician for a few years now, and has always been very kind, informative, and respectful. I greatly appreciate the fact that he treats me like an intelligent individual, and goes over biochemical mechanisms and other medical-related subjects when discussing given conditions that I'm concerned with. As for the rest of the medical staff, everyone is usually rude and impersonal. I've never had luck with the nurses at this location, but the fact that Dr. Baker is such a great physician has had me coming back and staying loyal to this practice.
1	In my search for a primary care doctor I was told about this place.  I called to make an appointment and was treated poorly because the receptionist had never heard of my insurance (even though it is one they accept).  She said new patient visits were only done at 11 and 3 and that I could not be seen for anything but giving my information.  I took 3.Upon arriving I was not greeted and waited only 2 minutes until a lady realized I was standing there waiting for my paperwork (yes, I did mark on the sign-in paper that I was a new patient). I received my paperwork and sat to fill it out.  Then I Realized, as I was being coughed on by another patient, that there is no separation of sick and well patients.  Eww!!I was taken into a room five minutes later (yay for me!). My blood pressure was taken and the nurse asked why I was there.  I told here I was a new patient looking for a doctor (hopefully Paige Walend) and she was weirded out by the fact that nothing was wrong with me.  She left and I sat in that room for 40 minutes without anyone coming in to check on me.  I walked out of the room and asked for the copies of my papers and that I would take my business elsewhere.  This girl was helpful! She promptly got my papers and I left. No one ever tried to talk me out of leaving or explain why the long wait.  I will not be recommending this company to anyone I know.
2	Dr Baker gets 5 stars... He is amazing he's helpful and listens to you. He doesn't walk in write something and leave. He knows what he is doing. I went to him for 4 years and then I was in a car accident and I called and asked to get seen after being discharged from the hospital. The staff said I could only see a physician assistant about it. Which was fine I just have never seen one in the office before and didn't know any of them. The woman I met with wanted to know what was going on so I explained my injuries (which were clear) and gave her my disability forms. She filled them out and sent them in. I went back a week later to get the staples removed from my injuries and talked to her about the disability forms from my employer because they say they received incomplete forms. She said that's "not her problem, and I need to know what to do, she has other patients to see, she told me I should be more responsible for the forms" and left the room. I left in tears, I was looking for help and got snapped at. I haven't been back since. The front office staff was always rude and they always seemed like they had some entitlement issues. I have a new office I go to now. Not one of them are as good as Dr Baker but everyone else in his office keep me away from there.
5	This place has been my doctors office for 16 years now, and the staff that was there then-- still remembers me. Everyone here is so nice and professional. As for the doctor, I completely recommend Dr. Timothy P. Baker. Dr. Baker is a very caring doctor, and will really do what he can to asses your situation.
2	I really wanted to like this place; convenience of location, doctor was ok but then you have to deal with the Medical assistants. I was a patient of Dr. Hopkins, his assistants were Tina and Brandy. Dr. Hopkins wasn't bad, but wasn't amazing either. I will never again go to this office due to his assistants. Their timeliness to get back to patients is HORRIBLE! Any time I've called with an issue for a prescription it has taken a minimum of 4 days to get back to me if I'm lucky. I get a 24 hr turn  around but 4 or more days, really! Then when I brought it to her attention (Tina's) her reply was we've been having computer issues. And then instead of addressing the issue and listening she continued to flip through my chart in silence. Doctors are a dime a dozen so you would think they'd treat patients better to retain them. The search continues not only for a great doc but also a great staff...as they can really make or break it. I highly recommend looking somewhere else as this would be a last resort. I gave it two stars only for Dr. Hopkins other than that I would rate it a 1. New patients be aware.
5	I have been seeing Dr DeSantis since 1997. She is the BEST. She takes the time to really listen and cares about her patients. I have referred several of my friends to her. They love her, too! I have moved to the west valley, but do not plan to give her up! Her two medical assistants, Leticia & Lonnie, are very helpful & very professional, and promptly return calls.  Although busy, the staff at the office is always friendly & efficient. I highly recommend Dr. DeSantis.
