3	Very nice but make sure your schedule is open because their service takes longer than you'd expect.
4	Buying a car is always an interesting experience. Mainly because you don't want to get swindled. And this experience was no exception.I started looking months ago, as I had the Nissan Juke in mind, falling in love with it after seeing/riding in a co-workers. Funny enough, this dealership is right up the street from our house, so it was just natural to go there. We linked up with Alex, who chatted with us about the car a little bit. We exchanged emails and that was that. Then months later, when my current car was busted to the point where it was going to die any day, we went in to test drive the car. Of course, I loved it and was ready to purchase. But I was going away for over a week, so I wanted to wait until I got back.Fast forward to 8 days later and my car is dead as a doornail (long story), so we need a car ASAP. But I don't want to sound too desperate, but firm in the fact that we want a Juke SV with Navigation. So I'm emailing back and forth with Alex and I just get the feeling he's not taking me seriously. They don't have what I want in stock and it doesn't seem like they're trying hard to get it. I'm sure he see's a lot of people come through and not follow through, but I wanted him to take me seriously, because I seriously needed a car! Maybe it was because it was over email, but I felt like I wasn't getting my point across. So I called around to other Nissan dealers in the city and they had exactly what I was looking for, the Nissan Juke SV with Navigation. So I email Alex that I'm going somewhere else and PING, he emails me back with an offer I can't refuse... a Juke SL (that's the top of the line model) at the same price of the SV. DONE!After that it was smooth sailing. He quoted me an exact price on the phone, they kept their word and it wasn't a dollar over that. I appreciate that! He was very helpful with showing me all the buttons on the car before I drove it off and mentioning numerous times that I can contact him with any other questions. Overall, it was a good experience, just with those couple minor issues. I think that's how the car game is played. But right now I'm rolling hard with my brand spankin' new Juke, so I'm a happy camper! Just watch out... I hear red cars get the most speeding tickets... YIKES!
