4	Pro: clean, various sizes of machinesCon: nowhere to sit!  Literally two plastic lawn chairs, but no where to even really put them while you're waiting.  The place is full of machines!
3	Pretty standard for a laundromat although a bit lacking in the seating/waiting areas and a wee bit messy with dryer sheets littering the floor... good thing I don't live too far away!  The place was surprisingly busy for 5pm on a Tuesday with every spot in the parking lot taken up and a majority of the dryers in use.  It's open 6am - Midnight daily, but be sure to get your last loads in by 11pm!  The wash prices seemed fair enough, dryer prices seemed a little high in my experience (25 cents per 10 min).  Wash prices ranged from $1.25 for a standard sized machine to $2.50 (triple loader), $3 (40lb machine), and $4 (50lb machine).  I would have liked to stuff my down comforter in the largest machine there (50lb) but they are older units and all the paint is scratched off the buttons so I couldn't adjust the water temp or cycle type.  Not being a risk-taker, I settled for the 40lb machine and it worked juuuust fine.
3	Cheapest machines in town. Usually not an issue getting enough free ones to do all your laundry at once. Free Wi-Fi.Prepare to stand, only two plastic lawn chairs available for seating. Bring headphones, lots and lots of screaming children and most parents let them just run around unsupervised.
3	I like that this place has a wide variety of machine sizes to choose from. I usually come on saturday or sunday around noon and have no problem finding available washers, dryers, and folding stations. Crappiest part is that there's nowhere to sit unless one of the two plastic chairs is free. And if you manage to snag one of these chairs, don't get up unless you have to! I got up to check my load and even put my backpack on the chair to reserve it. Next thing I know, some little kid dragged it away and stole it. Maybe I'll bring my own lawn chair but that might be too lame :/ There are usually a lot of semi-supervised kids running around this place. Cute but sometimes annoying. The floors stay really dirty, especially during winter when everyone is dragging in snow. Be careful not to drop your clean clothes on the floor!Cool fact is that the asian market next door sells lunch, so I'll sometimes stop in there and treat myself to egg rolls once I'm done folding laundry.
3	This is more or less exactly what you would expect from a laundromat. I went on a Sunday, and had no problem finding enough machines. They wash was a bit expensive ($1.50 for the small washers), but the dryers were cheap and effective (20-30 minutes per load at 25 cents per 10 minutes). My biggest knock against them was the general cleanliness of the place. The level of dirt on the counters and floor indicated that it hadn't been cleaned in a few days. This is not what you want when you are trying to clean and fold your clothes. It shouldn't take more than 15-20 minutes to clean the place each day, and would make for a drastic difference.
