4	This buffet is located on Gilbert Road across the street from Mi Amigo's and Carl's Jr.It's got a varied enough selection and is yummy for the price.  It's clean, well stocked, child friendly and spacious.  I've never had to wait for a table at peak lunch or dinner time hours.Hubby likes it quite a bit.Everyone is friendly and the food is almost always fresh, even during off peak eating times.Getting drinks are a breeze thanks to an attentive wait staff.If you're looking for fast, quick, easy eats in a Chinese food category, this one's for you!
5	It's easy to get five stars from me as long as a restaurant achieves it's goal.Just discovered this place and I love it. The lunch buffet is dirt cheap at $6 and the variety and quality of food is high for that price. The standard Chinese menu is on the buffet as well as sushi, stuffed crab, fried bananas and a huge desert selection.The staff is great too, and you never have to wait for refills or your check.
1	Use the bathroom BEFORE you eat. I guarantee you will never eat there again! It's disgusting and looks like it's never cleaned. This goes for other areas of the restaurant as well. If you're unfortunately seated near the front blinds, don't look at the greasy filth on them. I'll never eat here again and have turned all my chinese buffet friends off to it. I'm told you about your bathrooms several times ... CLEAN UP YOUR ACT Hunan VIII.
4	This is the first buffet place I've ventured into after The Great Buffet Barfathon of 2009 (read my Amazing Jakes review if you dare) and so far I haven't been disappointed. Not even so much as a stray fart.With that out of the way.. this place has a great selection. It was $10 a head and $.50 for a soft drink on a Sunday evening. All your regular Chinese-American fare, a salad bar, and a pseudo sushi bar as well. The waiters were quick and tolerant of the kids who were there screaming bloody murder at 8:30 pm.The crab legs were sketchy (very fishy) but there is all you can eat peel n eat shrimp, and for $10.. well. That paid for itself right there. I'm usually not in the mood for Chinese (prefer Thai!) but when I am, I'll be heading in here. Its a great value when you want to eat your weight in shrimp or sesame chicken.
4	Mike C. joined me to give it this place a try for lunch.  Hunan is a province of China, & there is a delicious Hunan cuisine over there, but I didn't find any of it at all here or you'd be looking at 5 Stars!  There are eight recognized cuisines in China, so maybe that's where the VIII comes from.  Anyhow, what we DO have here is fairly large restaurant that is nice inside, serving what you expect at such a place here in the Valley.During my visit, contemporary Chinese music was playing fairly softly, & there was plenty to eat, with about 79 food items out.  Few items stood out for me, but the seafood salad was nice, & the stuffed crabs were especially tasty.  Everything else was good, the service was fine, & the seating was comfortable, with plenty of booth & table arrangements to choose from & find just what you like.Lunch Buffet is very reasonable here at $6.49, $5.84 Sr. & they serve beer & wine.
4	I went for the lunch buffet with Rand H and thought the place was pretty good .It is a large restaurant with lots of comfy seating. The food selection was a little more than 70 trays and of the 30 or so i tasted were all very good .They were your typical Chinese buffet selections but done just a little bit better than most. For example the chicken wings that are usually pretty much the same everywhere were very yummy here and the mushrooms were stuffed with some kind of cream cheese stuffing those were 5 star.the chinese donuts were only average {crunchy on the bottom} and usually i really like those ,i know you have to get them as soon as they come out of the kitchen to avoid the crunchies.The rest of the sweets were pretty taste all and all when i left hunan vIII i was very full and happy which should be the case at any place i give 4 stars to.Yay i am a fan!!!!
4	Awesome Chinese buffet. Good price, good selection, great location.
4	my kids and i love this place, its reasonable prices and the selection is large.  i especially like the stuffed crabs and mushrooms and octopus is also one of my favorites. the restaurant is large and your definitely not smelling the neighbor. lol. have been here many times and will continue to come, the service is great.
3	Buffet serving your standard Chinese-American items.  The sushi, I'd probably steer clear of, but they have some cold shrimp and baked salmon that tastes good.  You will find a mix of chicken, vegetable, and beef dishes mainly.  I was happy to find that they offer mei-fun noodles, my favorite!  The soft serve at dessert is strange- it tastes more like soft serve ice milk, rather than ice cream, since it's more watery tasting than creamy.
2	Bummer.Went in for their "grand (re)opening" to see what took them a month to finish as far as remodeling went. Looks like paint and perhaps the loss of a liquor license? Crab legs no longer on the buffet for evening fare. $20/2 people with no option to just have water. Other than that, food choices look to be the same but quality has gone downhill. Bummer.
1	The worst place ever who wants a roach in your egg roll. Dats right guys I personally terrified for life..Be carefull!!!
5	I have been going to Hunan VIII for almost a year now and I go every Wednesday. The food is always fresh and good quality. Considering I'm paying $6.99, I was expecting a low quality Panda Express. Wow, was I TOTALLY wrong. I take my family there for Wednesday family night. I have a two year old that has to have the pizza, french fries, and broccoli every time we go. We have a "eat whatever you want to eat" night. Even if we didn't, they still have tons of healthier options. The sushi is always good and I highly recommend the Hot & Sour Soup..it is mmm....mmm...good. Plus, if you go on the regular like my family does, you can keep the receipt and use it as a 15% coupon on your next visit. Great for families, couples, and singles. Even more so for bargain hunters like me.
4	This restaurant has changed somewhat, & is now "Oriental Buffet".  It's still good, so please see newer review under Oriental Buffet.     :-))
3	Hunan VIII Oriental Buffet offers a tasty selection of Chinese and American foods at a good price.  I think the buffet is around $8.99 or somewhere around that price.The last buffet I went to left everything to be desired but Hunan VIII was a hit.  All the food appeared to be fresh and was restocked in a timely fashion.  I filled up on white rice, lo-mein, orange chicken, pork dim-sum, octopus and a dinner roll.  Every item was tasty.  This restaurant was also very clean and orderly.  The last place I visited was a mess.Chinese is not my favorite, nor will it ever be my "go to" option but I will have no issues returning to Hunan VIII one day.They also offer a standard takeout menu for those not interested in buffet style.
4	$6.99. Yes that's right folks, the admission to this Buffet is only $6.99, and that INCLUDES beverage!!! While it's certainly not the best buffet I've been to, considering it's $6.99 all day, everyday price, it's pumpin' out sum #SWAG. The selection is fair considering the price, and I've certainly eaten at buffets that cost twice the price, that weren't half as good. There's  not a whole lot of anything that isn't really salty and fried.. This isn't exactly a bad thing either.. by salty, I just mean high sodium content.. the flavor is decent.. There are plenty of the usual fried chicken whatever glopped in sugary sauce, along with pot stickers, soups, crab puffs, ribs, and much more.  The fried items are the star at this buffet, and the foods are fresh.. The sushi is well.. I just skip the sushi here, but for $6.99 (INCLUDING DRINK!) you would be hard pressed to feed yourself at McDonald's for the same price.  Service is friendly, dining area is huge, and clean. OH AND THEY HAVE DIET MOUNTAIN DEW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Which is great. Because I'm completely CRAZY for Diet Mountain Dew. :D
4	This place is clean, roomy, nice atmosphere and a GREAT price! They have the typical food you find in buffets but they taste great and they are fresh. I love they have egg foo young which is hard to find.  Their wait staff is very nice and they keep it clean.  You can get your own drinks which I love because it get annoying when you are waiting for a refill.  They got great coconut shrimp, ribs, soups, noodles. I actually drive out there for this place. I never have gone on a Sunday and do not know if the menu changes since the price is not 6.99. But every other day it is 6.99 great price for good chinese food, especially when you are craving it! You can feed the whole family without going broke! I recommend it!
4	Very much liked it. The price was great for a family of four, i think it was $19 for all of us. Had a great selection of food that pleased everyone. So if your on this side of town and need a quick meal? This place will please.
5	Oh yeah.  So, my wife suggests that we go to this "Oriental Buffet" place that's next door to India Oven in Mesa.  Now, all she has to do is mention "India Oven" and I'm about ready to go.  However, she wants to introduce me to this place and I grudgingly consent.I've been to Asian buffets before--I'm from the Bay Area and we gots Asian buffets all over the place.  They range from pretty good to disgusting, and I was just hoping that this one was decent.I walk in, and I'm amazed at how BIG this place is.  And then I see the food--this is the largest Asian buffet that I have ever seen.  They have fried rices to Mongolian beef to sushi to dim sum to salad.  Plus lots of dessert.  The food just keeps going and going. . .Looked real good--I packed up two plates.  Just about everything tasted terrific.  They only thing I didn't like all that much was the BBQ beef.  That's okay.  Potstickers?  OMG.  The dim sum was fantastic, and the Mongolian beef is something I would go out of my way to recommend.This place beats any Asian buffet I went to in the Bay.  Usually, the Bay sets the standard for me, but this place in Mesa comparatively puts them all to shame.  Fill up your stomach here for $9 and have fun eating!  They even have Diet Mountain Dew in their beverage selection.Next time we're in the area, will it be India Oven or Oriental Buffet?  Now THAT'S gonna be a tough decision. . .
3	The food here is delicious and they have such variety and it's only $9 per person for dinner and it's such a great place to bring your family and ----insert sound of record scratching----"Mama, what's that?" asks my daughter.  "Matt, what is that?", asks my wife, half suspecting what it is already.  "Where?" I ask.  "I don't see anything."  My daughter points, and I see the cockroach scurrying up the partition next to our booth.At least it wasn't in the food, but. . .I like it here, but this is the first time I've seen a roach in a restaurant in quite a while.  In a word, gross.  I'll knock it down to three stars at this point.  I need to decide whether this is a deal breaker or not.  I know they're even in the fanciest restaurant kitchens, but one in the dining area is, well, ok I'll say it again--gross.
5	We went yesterday to this Buffet after arriving from the airport.  For four people $26.00 including drinks.  This was the best Asian buffet I have ever had and I do eat alot of Asian food from real Asians cooking.  Sushi, Lo Mien, Dim Sum all the right food for the right time.  The staff was friendly and it was so clean!  Everyone ate what they wanted and the seats were very comfortable.  My father was with me and he ate really well and he is a picky eater.  Great selection of food for everybody.   If I ever come back to AZ I will make it a point to eat here again!  Well done Hunan!
4	Nothing special for a Chinese buffet, but very solid. Desserts are sometimes a bit stale but everything else is quite delicious and hot; they even had a couple fairly authentic dishes. They've remodeled since the last time I've been (which had to have been a while ago). They accept competitor's coupons, which makes the price extremely reasonable.
3	I've been to a fair share of buffets, for brunch, lunch and dinner. And I have to say, there's no beating their price. I mean, come on - $6.99 for a dinner buffet and that included a fountain drink. At least that's what it was when we went earlier this week. I don't know how long they've had that price going or for how long that price will be around for. The place looked okay although we sat at a table that was directly underneath a light fixture that kept turning on and off sporadically throughout our dinner. There really wasn't anything super special about the place, aside from the price. The food was all right. Some things were too salty, and that's something since I when I went, I was PMSy, wanting that salt lol. I didn't try any of their sushi or noodles so I can't comment on that. Their dim sum was decent and so was their crawfish. Overall, decent. Nothing too exciting, their selection was okay, but there are other places with more. Maybe it's better on the weekend. It's worth trying for the price.
4	For people from the east coast: This is a decent WEST COAST-TYPE Chinese joint, meaning yellow, Uncle Ben's-type fried rice and no boneless spare ribs, etc. I liked this place more than others b/c:a) the chefs stalked the buffet attending to the food and replacing dishesb) You pay when you walk in (a la Golden Corral) so you don't have to deal with paying the bill once you've engorged yourself sickc) They had a good selection and nothing struck me as disgusting (which has not been my experience at other buffets in the Mesa area)d) It was spacious with plenty of booths available at 6:30p on a SundayI liked the orange chicken, the spice chicken (which was similar to jalepeno chicken at other Chinese joints), and was delighted to see sesame chicken. I'm a New England girl, so I can't judge this place against east coast places or I'd give it 1 star. I'm comparing it to several Chinese places I've been to here in AZ.
1	I was craving Chinese so bad and we went there tonight, but they were closed.  Looks like renovations.  Maybe a new owner, because it looked like they were changing the name....
1	this restaurant is closed!! a new one will be opening soon
4	= = = = = =  CLOSED, NOT MOVED!  = = = = = =...but this building is now occupied by U-Like World Buffet, & it's good!     :-)
