2	We've been here 2x since we moved to Henderson. The 1st time we came we ordered a LG original and split it and each ordered a cup of soup. We were in love. There was a chicken tortilla soup which was delicious and spicy. The other soup was Wisconsin cheddar. SO good and yummy with the croutons on top.the 2nd visit wasnt so great. we ordered the same exact thing which includes the same sandwich w/no onions and a cup of soup each.  the sandwich came with tons of onions - blah. I hate onions with a living passion and i normally just pick them out but the juice had seeped all thru the bread and everything else.. just wasnt feeling it today so my bf took it back. they brought us out the same sandwich that still had some of the onions still in it. (they didnt make a new one just picked out a few of them. blah. we've never been back ever since. If you like onions this is the place for you!!.
5	Best sandwhich on this or any other planet. Amazing. Just about every time we go to the Galleria Mall, we stop in for a sammich. Its a must do. Unique tasting and always good. No other sandwich can compare.
5	Stopped in today to grab a bite to eat to go.   Service was great & the sandwich was delicious! Thank you for a great lunch :)Your Friends at Sno-Ball Mania!
3	Went here for the first time the other day and enjoyed it. Had the pepperoni pizza and it was yummy, and cheap at just under 5 bucks!Did wait quite a while for my food though, and when I asked the cashier what was on the supreme pizza she didn't know and had to go ask someone else. hmm.
3	I haven't had Schlotsky's in years so while out running errands I saw one and thought "what the heck"I came in and the man behind the counter was super friendly, funny and energetic!  However when I went to the pick up window there was a girl just standing there playing on her phone and one more guy in back doing all the cooking.  The line got long as I was waiting for my order and the girl in back, yup still standing there.  The other guy finished my sandwich called my number and off I went.  I walked through the restaurant looking for a table that was clean and did not find one.  Checked the girl in back, yup still standing there.  I wiped a table and sat down to enjoy my sandwich, good lightly crisped bread from the warmer plenty of meat.  Happy girl.I finished my sandwich the rush was over the friendly funny guy handled the whole crowd on his own and came out to wipe down the tables from the lunch rush and the girl in back, yup still standing there...Good food, good service by two and a girl standing there earning her paycheck by well, just standing there.
4	good pastrami sandwich on rye!  yum! if youre hungry, go for the largest size, you will be full!
3	My husband loves Schlotsky's, I can take it or leave it. I feel like the sandwich meat is too salty. I do like the toasted bread though. I have never had their pizza so I can't comment. Prices are pretty competitive and if you sign up for their email club they send lots of coupons. The staff is always nice and service has been relatively quick.
4	It was good but it didn't really stand out, the chips however were pretty amazing. Give it a try and see if you like it.
3	Get the original, deluxe on dark rye. OMG!!!
4	Love this deli! Great bread toasted to perfection most times. Great choices and a decent location. This store is in need of a facelift though. It has not changed in fifteen years at least.The staff was very friendly and pretty fast putting out a great sandwich. I had the Fiesta Chicken or maybe the Santa Fe Chicken, can't remember, basically same Sammy. The bread was vey fresh and crisp. You could definitely taste the jalapenos in the bread, not just on the sandwich. The bread also had cheddar cooked right in it. Excellent!  Everything else was just as fresh and tasty. No wilted lettuce here!!The staff was great. Very helpful and eager to get you what you want to get in your belly.Location is pretty outdated and well, OLD. The area was also a little junky around the store. This used to be a great section of town but has since started on a decline. The staff could be a bit better on keeping the place clean. It would go far with the populous.
5	This location has probably the worst staff of all the locations I've been to, but that's probably because it's by the mall and wanted young people even if they aren't good.That being said, shlotskys in general are a fantastic sandwich place, lots of choices, and always delicious !
5	Love this place! Hate that its so far. I live on the other side of town, but whenever I happen to be in the area, this is whats for lunch. My boyfriend introduced me to this place maybe 2 years ago or so. He orders the roast beef sandwich and thats all I've ever tried. We love any types of sandwich shops, but this one is one of the best. I don't know what it is about it, maybe the bread that they use. Its not like normal sandwich bread. We always get the large and split it. And for a good price, it fills both of us up. Also, the guy that usually works the register every time we go is so nice! Honestly I think its worth the 30 minute drive for me. Plus, the Galleria mall is right across the lot!
3	this place is a franchise and gets nothing special. but very good they have items like personal pizzas and great sourdough! theyre bread is what makes them.
5	I thought Schlotzsky's was one of the many things I said goodbye to when I left Texas, so imagine my surprise when I stumbled upon this one! The sourdough bread is amazing and my favorite, but you really can't go wrong with any bread or sandwich here. Even the sourdough pizzas are great. It may be considered a fast food chain, but Schlotzsky's is definitely way better than what you'd expect from any other place. I love it!
