3	Really this should be a 3.5 but, sadly, no halves allowed. Our waiter was ver nice, she was not the most attentive, but she was always smiling and being friendly... once we got her attention. The sushi was different... Not the sushi I am used to here in the states, but not bad. The wasabi was a little weak and the so sauce way too salty, but not a bad meal. My girlfriend had vermicelli and grilled chicken, which was not bad, but nothing more than meh. The decor was nice and believe me, we had time to notice it. However the dessert was pretty good, and the price was not bad (thanks to American dollars being better than Canadian dollars again). I would recommend going here if you are in Montreal for an extended stay.
3	Soupebol is a little above fast food. It'll do in a pinch. It's not great but not bad either.
4	Bang for buck, not a bad place. Good food, good service. Loved the vermicelli!
5	We are out of town guest. We keep coming back. The drinks are reasonable compared to NYC. The soup is amazing and so is the pad thai. We really liked our server. He's amazing and made us feel like home.  We forget his name but he has two dogs, including a German Shepard.  He so deserves a raise! I recommend everyone come here!
4	After dealing with World Cup crowds, we decided to stop in on Le Showwok for something quick and delicious and we weren't disappointed. The service was efficient and friendly and the food was fast and hot. The thai curry had the requisite amount of spice and flavor that I would be happy to return!
3	This place looks relatively nice. The food is a solid three out of five. However, the service overall feels very rushed, from the ordering process through to paying for everything (so much so that we were given the wrong items, which we didn't order). The menu, while simple, is a bit confused (and you have to pay for steamed rice separately). The prices are also rather inflated compared to other area establishments that have similar offerings.
4	Not sure all of the reviews here are for the same place...      I liked everything about Showwok overall. The food was 4 stars. Service a solid 3. The ambiance and decor were 5 star... fresh rolls TDF. All fishes ordered were fresh, well prepared and plated.Best of all we brought our own wine. That's probably the highlight here. Good food and no markup on booze. Win-win.
