2	I've been shopping at this K-Mart since they were in their original location on Boulder and Basic. Sadly, the years haven't been too kind to the K-Mart chain, and this one is no exception. First and foremost, the selection of electronics pales in comparison to Target and Wal-Mart. Only adding to the inconvenience is the fact that they walled off the section, and now there is only one way in and out of it. The convenient garden center entrance has very limited hours and closes early, making the use of that entrance almost never an option. This is a huge disappointment, as this door greatly cuts down my time in there. Everything else in the store, to put it simply, just isn't up to snuff. Just about every section, other department stores do better. One thing I will say in their defense, though - unlike Wal-Mart, K-Mart DOES carry music with the Parental Advisory symbol (though they have an overzealous policy of having to be 17 to purchase it.) One time when I was purchasing a CD, an employee carded me and asked if I was of legal age to buy it, even though it DID NOT HAVE THE PARENTAL ADVISORY SYMBOL. My other major complaint is that the gambling machines up front are not enclosed at all, they are right out in the open, This means that people that smoke will gambling constantly taint the entire front of the store with the odor of cigarettes. This is a little less than desirable, and a major health hazard. 15 years ago, this store was great and worth going to for a number of reasons. But with Wal-Mart's recent remodel and Target opening not far away, this place just can't keep up. Go the few extra miles to one of the other stores.
3	I came here since they had a great selection of Raider merchandise for my husbands upcoming birthday.  I came around 5PM and there were hardly any workers on the floor.  I spotted hanging from the ceiling a McFadden jersey.  The gal got it down for me to see the size.  It was the wrong size and was told to go to Customer Service at the front of the store.  She took time to call 2 different Kmart locations to see if they had the size  was looking for and asked them to hold the jersey for me.  Then she gave me the address and phone number.  The jersey is also $50 less than what I see online.  Very good customer service.
4	Went to Kmart for two diametrically opposites, one was candy for my mom who has the Big C, and the other was a Red Rider (you can put your eye out kid) bb gun. They had the candy, but not the gun. The good thing was they didn't look at us like we had 3-eyes. The management goes WAY out of their way for customer service. I highly recommend them.
2	Staff are becoming noticeably younger and with that noticeably less helpful. Take the extra five minutes and drive down to the Target on Lake Mead.
4	Kmart may have lost the retail wars to WalMart and Target, but sometimes they have just what you need. This location in Hendertucky is clean, and each time I've been in the store I've had short to no wait checkout lines, and usually friendly service. Lately I've been in and out of this location for, strangely enough, curtains. Nobody else seems to carry curtains that we like and with a few well timed sales we've been able to do a lot of interior decorating of late. I speed walk past electronics, which looks like the product mix hasn't changed much since 1988. I pass up the limited selection of Craftsman tools, and the low end Kenmore appliances. But their clothing selection can have some unexpected but good surprises for those who take the time to look, and overall I don't feel I wasted my time shopping here. Definitely sign up for a Rewards Card...it's actually saved me money and I love the option to have my receipt emailed to me. I'm giving them a star for that option alone. 4 Stars. Yep. 4. Service with a smile and that e-receipt based on multiple visits justifies that 4th star. (Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #25)
4	I actually prefer to come here over Wal-mart simply because it isn't as crowded and I don't see as many crazy people walking around in their pajamas or looking like bums.  I also find that most of the items I shop for have just as low prices from Kmart.  Even if the item does cost a bit more, it's worth it to pay slightly more to get in/out quicker with no hassle.
1	What an excuse for a store! I had a terrible experience! First thing I saw when I walked in was a fat lady with brown hair yelling at an employee about not getting enough rewards cards and he was on the verge of crying. Who would shop at a place where the managers are so awful to their employees?? I proceeded to look for my items, which they didn't have, and one of the employees (Stephen I think) was terribly rude! And once I got to checkout, the checker (Gary) bombarded me with question after question. So I  grabbed my things before he could check them and moved to another line. I got Nick at register 3. Going through his line was the ONLY good part of my experience at Kmart. He was very nice and we even struck up a conversation. He asked me ONE time about my rewards card, and when I said no, he didn't ask me any more questions. It was a relief! I will NEVER shop there again, because I heard he was let go and I would rather brave Walmart than go through Gary's line. Plus, that boss of their's is awful. Save your time and patience, don't shop at the Racetrack Kmart.
3	When this store isn't busy, it's a decent place to shop. It reminds me of the K-Mart in the 70s we would frequent. I usually go to troll the clearance stuff after holidays, and sometimes find some decent stuff. The Shop Your Way Rewards program often sends $3 or $5 free e-mails, which is incentive to get me in the store. Although, the check out process can be painful when a bunch of people pay cash. Be warned!
4	I don't mind Kmart. It's almost the love child of Target and Wal-Mart.It's not my first choice, but you wouldn't have to twist my arm for me to walk inside. When they have sales, they are good. I've been able to find a bling bling head piece for $3... Originally $12-13. And their make up sales are also pretty awesome. Lots of Buy one get ones. Most of the time they are 50% off, and sometimes when you are lucky, it's free.They have clothing lines with Jacklyn Smith, nikki minaj, that guy from maroon 5, and I'm sure I'm missing a few. Oh... Selena Gomez... I've seen some cute things.If you sign up for their little rewards program... You can earn points off future purchases. It's like one of the grocery stores shopping cards. I belong and get an email every once in a while, but no junk mail sent to my house, or anything like that. Overall, some things can be a little pricey. But if you don't mind looking around, I'm sure you will find something that you and your wallet can agree on.
2	They never have enough registers open. The manager seems rude. Don't check out at jewelry dept even if your forced...she has no clue what the heck she is doing.
