4	The nicest club in town for Banda music. Great intimate concert venue and dance club. You can even rent out the room for private parties and meetings. During football season, watch all the Monday Night Football games and Super Bowl on 20 foot HD screens.
4	Came here on a Sunday for Latin night. For some reason they dont advertise Sunday night, but let me tell you- IT WAS SUPER FUN. The crowd is an older crowd (35 & UP) I'm under 30 and me and my friends had a great time. IF YOU GET THERE EARLY (10:30PM) GRAB A TABLE QUICK. I love any place that has a free seating area on the floor, and VIP tables near by as well. Drinks were not priced so bad (cheap for the most part). The MUSIC is mainly Salsa, Merengue, Reggaeton- and they even thrown in a little Cumbia and Banda. $5 for Local men/women. I haven't been to the other nights but I'd like to check those out one of these days :)Fo your info:A 800-seat live entertainment venue and dance club featuring a varied lineup of some of the best Latin artists in Las Vegas. Call (702) 631-7000 ext. 3629 for event and performance information or to make VIP reservations.Flirty Thirty FridaysLas Vegas' hottest party for grown-ups.   * 10pm - 3am   * Now Free Admission   * 4 Go Go Dancers from 10pm - 2amSaturday Nights:El Moreno Carrillo Y Su Banda Tierra Sagrada!Doors open at 10pm   * $10 Cover - Ladies free for first hour   * Must be 21 years or older
4	I ended up at Club Tequila on a Friday night because a friend of a friend's band has a reoccurring gig here on Friday nights.For $5, I was about to see Crossfire and they rock! A live 5 piece band and an incredible vocalist. No joke! If you love Dre from Don't Tell Mama downtown, she is singing here! (It's an ALL Dre show from 10-1 AM!) This was a pleasant surprise. Crossfire played Maroon 5 to Kiss to Metallica to Pink to Stevie Nicks. There is something for everyone in their set. High energy! Come prepared to dance.The club itself had ample, comfy seating. Lots of tables and several large booths. There is a large dance space in front of the stage. The guitar and bass players joined the dance floor while playing (that's how much Crossfire rocks!) Also a treat, this is a NON-SMOKING venue. There are drink specials and bucket deals as well. If you ever have a free Friday night, I recommend checking out Crossfire at Club Tequila. Best $5 show in Vegas!
