5	I had Hank fix some of my sprinkler issues.  Not only was he thorough in explaining what he was doing and why, he always responds to my calls on further questions and is willing to come back to address any additional issues.  He does all of the work himself which means he ensures the work gets done, unlike some big companies that send people out that are in a hurry to get done and leave things undone.
5	I have used several yard maintenance services in the past, and I always felt like I could have done a better job.  Not so with Green Goat!  They did an amazing job, offered a very reasonable price for monthly maintenance, and were so easy to communicate with.  I've never used a yard service company that had email!  Highly, highly, highly recommended!!!
5	Hank came out and did some yard cleanup for me.  He does all the work himself which is great, makes sure everything is done right.  I came home to a much better looking yard!  I will certainly use The Green Goat for any future landscaping services I might need!
4	We recently moved into Tatum Ranch....the yard had not been taking care of for years. Hank came in and was professional and cleaned the yard like you would not believe. We will use The Green Goat for all of our yard work.  Thanks Hank!!!!
5	Hank did everything as I asked, was there when he said he'd be, and brought his wonderful daughter to help, although his son Andy is more usually with him.  His price was reasonable, and he and his daughter were very easy, or even better, *enjoyable* to communicate with.  I highly recommend this family-owned business.
5	Hank Rocks!!! I have a lot of desert landscaping in my front yard and after the frost-bitten winter months, it is in desperate needs of maintenance to get it read for the spring. It seems I am always looking for a good landscaper that will actually stay in business so I stumbled on to The Green Goat here on Yelp and I could not have been happier than with what Hank did. Not only did he do a great job but because my schedule has been so hectic lately, my entire interaction with Hank has been done through email. I put in a request on his webpage in which he got right back to me to arranged to come over to take a look and give me a quote (which was totally reasonable) and then he scheduled to come out 2 days later. My yard looks better than it ever has and I could not be happier.
5	Hank provided quick response to an email inquiry I had submitted for some maintenance to my front and back yard.  He provided me a reasonable quote and honored that quote after the work was completed.  They did a great job with my yard and I would definitely recommend them.
1	Very disappointing experience. Was excited about the potential of working with these guys given recommendations. Received a response to get a quote about 2 days after posting. Traded a few more notes to setup a time to review the yard. Never heard back about appointment time. No follow-up at all. I would not recommend.
5	We recently had Hank and The Green Goat come and do a massive weed removal and pre-emergent service - and the quality of service and results could not have been better.  We went from the worst looking yard to the best in the neighborhood in just a few hours. Hank responded to my request for a quote within a day and set up a time he could swing by to give a quote - I had several other companies including AMS also give us a quote, but Hank's was the most competitive for the level of service I had heard they perform. And they didn't let us down.We will be using The Green Goat for any future landscaping needs and recommend them to everyone.
1	It stinks that I have to write this, because I liked Hank.  He came to my house and completed about 90% of the work promised and said he'd come back and dump the debris off of a canopy I have hanging in the back.  Then the irrigation that he said he fixed stopped working almost immediately.  I've called Hank about 25 times and, e-mailed and texted and he has not called me back yet and has not come out to fix either issue.  Since he's not returning calls, then maybe this message will get him to reply.
2	I had Hank do a one-time cleanup to get our house ready for sale. I didn't feel that the services performed were equal to the price he charged, and I felt like we were taken advantage of. For example, he recommended ripping out several boxwood bushes that had gone dormant from the freeze and replacing with some more colorful plants, so we gave the ok. When we saw the pathetic plants he replaced them with we were pretty disappointed, then noticed that our neighbors' boxwoods were growing back within a month or so (we wish he would have just left them in and trimmed down instead of ripping them out). A few other things weren't done to our satisfaction, and I just feel like it wasn't a good value.
5	Great Service!I've just got my front and back yard done and our yards look amazing!I found Hank on Yelp and emailed him through his website to get an appointment and he stopped by in a few days and gave me the estimate. There were some options so I chose the option that best suits my budget and I'm happy with the result.I asked about many other things and he helped me with all the questions I had. I would highly recommend him!
5	I haven't done too many reviews recently, but this company was too great not to.  We got a couple quotes to add a sprinkler system to our front yard.  Hank's was by far the best price and right in our expected budget.  He even took the time to go over his plans and see how to optimize the # of heads and nozzles.  We couldn't be happier with the end result!  (No more big box store frankenvalves cluttering up our planting beds!)Hank and his team had a killer attitude, took the time to answer questions, and was on time - finishing the job in just one day.  We know that Hank and The Green Goat will be our go-to team to handle anything related to landscaping in the future.  We already started talking about the backyard.A+ on this company.  : )
5	I'm not big on writing reviews but I always want to read them. Hank is an exceptional person and business owner. I have used him for about 2 years now. He's planted flowers, fixed sprinklers, replaced plants, and done regular maintenance for my yard. He's doing a revamping of my yard this week and I'm excited to see the results. I fully trust him. Not that it makes him a better landscaper, but Hank remembers things I mention totally unrelated to the yard: "How was the wedding you went to?", "How's your mom doing (who I went to visit)?". He goes above and beyond, follows through, and is the best landscaper I've had in 30 years of living in AZ.
5	Had a great experience with The Green Goat! I was able to handle most everything online, from the request for a quote, scheduling services, to making my payment. They were pretty prompt and worked very efficiently. My yard looks great!
5	Our yard was unkempt, and the next door neighbors (who were trying to sell their house) kept sending the city to cite us. Hank came by to look at the yard within 48 hours of my email. he sent in the estimate a day later. And if the other quote we got was any indication, his prices are very good indeed! (He charged us $300 to mow down weeds, spray herbicide, spray a pre-emergent and get rid of a large-ish bougainvillea bush. The other place wanted over $400, and that only included *trimming* the bougainvillea.)He was polite and prompt. He and his workers were efficient, and the yard looks soooo much better. We'll definitely be using him in the future to keep up the pre-emergent spraying.
5	We use Hank on a monthly basis landscaping our front and back yard.  He has been doing this for about a year, and our yard has been stellar every time he works on it.  Whenever I need anything in particular, I send him a simple email, and he gets the job done!  No need to look anywhere else, go to Hank!
1	He only did our yard once (we had agreed to every two weeks).  The next scheduled time he was a no show.  Also, didn't return my calls or texts.  I noticed that others have had the same experience.  He just needs to be honest and not take on work that he is unable to fulfill due to his busy schedule or whatever the issue is.
5	Great company to deal with.  Honest people who provide a great service!  Very pleased with the entire process.   Highly recommended
5	Hank and his crew are awesome! We have used them twice now to clean up our front and back yards. Both times he trimmed some unruly bushes and cut down trees for us. He was great about getting back to me with quotes and times he was available to come. He is friendly and professional, and does great work at a competitive price. I would recommend him for sure!
