3	Dillon's recently took over the former location of the Tiburon Restaurant and Flamingo. My husband said his BBQ pork sandwich and the BBQ beans as his side were good. I had the portabella mushroom sandwich with a side of vegetables. (I wasn't so found of it for many reasons but the sandwich was edible) These sandwiches are on snowflake buns (The kind dusted in flour and I HATE raw flour on anything) My mushroom only filled one side of the sandwich so the other half only had tomato, raw onion and lettuce no dressing or condiment just SNOWFLAKE Bun. The vegetables were a combination of ( maybe canned) corn, chopped poblano peppers,fresh squash and very dry carrot slices that could have passed for wood. Service was OK. The menu, under Dillon's Favorites Section the last item on menu is the Chicken Alfredo Pasta and the description reads YELP about this one! $12.99 so I did!
2	I have tried this place twice and the waitresses as well as the bartender and the bus boys are terrible! Had to walk up to the bar and order! Then, the bartender stood and talked with a customer while I and another waited for at least 3 minutes! Also, the table we sat at needed to be cleaned up as their was a ton of stuff. After 30 minutes of her walking by and not even acknowledging us, my wife stopped her and asked her to clean up. She did so reluctantly and I watched her throw the towel in the bar when she was done. They had a band last night that was terrific but I was so appalled at the service, we only stayed for an hour or so. Seems like there is no management whatsoever. Very disappointed as I live just down the street and it is very convenient. I only write these things when it is so apparently necessary!!!
1	One of the most terrible restaurant experiences I've had from start to finish.  To complain about the service would imply there had been some.  We stopped by a bit before they opened.  They looked at us talked to each other then when we walked up told us they were not yet opened.  How about if you're not open, let me know when I walk in, or keep the door locked.We left and returned a few minutes later when they were open.  There was no hostess at the table, but there was a manager and 3 waitresses too busy talking to seat us.  About 3 or 4 minutes later the manager finally told a waitress to seat us.  The food is frozen, the best thing I can say for it is that it's warm.  The soup of the day was a "broccoli cheddar" it was pretty much Velveeta with raw broccoli dropped in.  Like the old place that was in this spot, the best aspect is the fish tank in the restaurant, now it's not even worth that.  This will be our final trip to both this zoo (which I'll review shortly) and this restaurant.
5	My family and I just got done visiting the new Dillons Restauraunt and I have to say everything was really great! From the appetizers, to the main course, and even the yummy dessert! (apple dumpling) Not to mention our waitress, Kaitlyn was awesome and very on top of everything. We had a great time, the atmosphere is really cool, great place to take the kids to look at the sharks! Have to stay this will be our new favorite Dillons!
3	I'm another Dillon fan, especially the recently closed location in Grand! So we went ahead and tried this place. Even thought it's the same restaurant, it just seems the food is not the same? Service is absolutely worst ! The only thing that is worth visiting is the aquarium! Oh yea, and their onion rings! So the search is still on to find a place to replace the Dillons Grand!!!!
3	Where's the option for 1/2 stars?  :)  So we went to Dillon's the other night with the parents who have been here several times (wife & I had been to the T-Bird location and didn't leave all that impressed) so we thought we would give it one more shot.  Upon arrival the entrance off Northern Ave. is a bit dark at night.  Parked go inside where many folks are waiting and upon asking how long the wait is, we are told 45 minutes.... DANG! OK it was Saturday night and the snowbirds are still in town.  So the hostesses need to figure out that if a table seats 3 it will seat 4 ... so the groups of 3 that came in AFTER us should have been seated AFTER us, vs. before.  We waited over 45 minutes, but killed some of the time walking into the restaurant looking at the tanks and such.  Finally we get seated, the chairs are odd and like sitting in a bucket, the decor certainly does not fit a KC BBQ place and many of the lights weren't working, but I know they took over from the Tiberon so that may be part of it.  I will say the food was better this time, the sweet heat sauce has some kick to it and went well with my dish of the Burnt Ends.  Wife had the beef ribs but preferred them from Memphis Best BBQ vs. Dillon's.  Will we come back? - possibly ... will we rush back?  probably not.
2	Another place I wanted to love- real smoked BBQ served in an aquarium, what's not to love.  I fly around the globe to snorkel coral reefs, the thought of sitting next to 66,000 gallons of water with sharks and tangs was so appealing. I also adore flamingos, and the covered outdoor seating overlooks the flamingo pond at the zoo.So we get to the restaurant and it's loud. Longer we're seated, the louder it gets, ridiculously so. Aquariums and loud noise just don't go together. For great food, it's forgivable.  For ill conceived food, it's tortuous.I admit, the happy hour onion rings were great- a buck a serving whereas they are normally seven bucks a serving.  Two orders of rings as apps and the amount was just right- 6-8 rings per serving.  It all went down when my food arrived- wait, I take that back, it went down when I asked my server about about my selection and she said it was good. She should have been honest before the order, not afterwards when I was commenting on it to her.What was so heinous about this dish? It was the bruschetta topped with beef brisket- the menu description sounded great- bruschetta with brisket, diced tomatoes, parmesan cheese, and a special sauce.  When you talk tomatoes and parmesan on bruschetta, you think Italian. It's unavoidable. The bruschetta was properly prepared. The brisket was tender and melted in the mouth.  The diced tomatoes were in the center of the plate, allowing the diner to control the amount on each slice.  On top of each piece of brisket something red and shiny- a sun dried tomato plumped with olive oil? There was parmesan sprinkled atop. Take a bite to the mouth and then YECK- it was topped with cocktail sauce!  As in ketchup and horseradish cocktail sauce!  And copiously topped. Who in the world decided that cocktail sauce for shrimp should be renamed "Special Sauce" and put on top of beef? What were they thinking?  I love it on shrimp. I love a cream horseradish sauce on beef- without parmesan cheese. But horseradish and parmesan? Not compatible, not remotely, no way Jose. OMG if Marcella Hazen or Lidia Bastianich had been there they would have been mortified. The special sauce should have been something loaded with garlic, like a Cuban mojo made of pounded cloves blended with olive oil. That would have hit it out of the park instead of fouling then striking out.So I scraped as much off as I could, but that taste in my mouth, it wouldn't go away. That of course was when the server stopped by and then expressed her true sentiments on the concoction.My companion had the St Louis style ribs, steak fries and cole slaw. Pretty fool proof and hard to screw up.  He liked it, the ribs looked meaty albeit very trimmed down. I'm used to full racks of ribs resembling a pan flute, wide and nearly a foot long at one end, tapering down like a wedge to a tip at the other end.So, love the shark tank, love the flamingos, was very put off by the food. I am shuddering to think I actually ate three pieces- it must have been the Blue Moon ale I had first numbing my buds- I never drink so it doesn't take much.So I'm kissing it off, trying something else on the menu is too scary and I already have a place to go for bbq.
5	You've GOT to try the ribs!!! That's what my parents kept telling me when we sat down.For a restaurant located at a Zoo, this place has the market on KC BBQ in Arizona.Their menu is huge, the portions are huge and the prices are about average.I personally ordered the taco salad (because of the shell) and my parents both ordered the full rack of ribs, cajun style. They don't eat a lot and both managed to finish their ribs in one sitting. I helped by eating two, but really that didn't do a whole lot.Both were served with your choice of two sides and a roll and both were FANTASTIC!I would HIGHLY recommend both the restaurant & the Zoo. Best ever!
2	So I REALLY wanted to like this place. On a whim I went with my two children and we were seated quickly.  Then we SAT....and sat....and SAT some more.  THREE servers walked past us before Steve finally asked if our server had been over yet.  And I will say that he was the highlight of the entire experience. It was MAD loud in there.  The music was loud which made everyone in there have to talk louder to even be heard. I get employing the younger crowd. But if I wanted to eat with 10 teen agers I would have stayed home and let my son have his friends over. I wasn't sure who even worked there as they were all dressed like they had just left fun time at the park.  Is there no real dress code? I also have an issue with thier language.  I have no issue with people cussing but I do have an issue with a 17 year old girl cussing at another teeny bopper that I guess works there as she was kind of cleaning the carpet with a sweeper, when there are people there with little kids.  When the older couple next to me left without ordering I was ready to follow.When our food finally came it was ok.  I wasn't hugely impressed by any of it.  I am really disappointed with all of it. I am hoping that the zoo portion is better than that and hopefully the zoo animals get better service!.Needless to say, the BEST part was our server Steve- Or John if the service sucks.  LOL  Steve, thank you for making us laugh and being the highlight of our meal.
1	Holy salt lick Batman...had lunch here today with my mother and kids.  For a restaurant that I generally enjoy, this was by far the worst meal I have EVER had.  Ordered the Red Devil Pork Sandwich, hoping for a little spice with my BBQ.  Instead I got a mouth full of over salted meat that made my mom gag when she tried it.  I have never sent a meal back, but this was absolutely inedible. The restaurant was kind enough to comp us the $.40 (yes forty cents) difference to replace the sandwich I could not eat.  It was so bad I couldn't even eat anything else and had to get my food to go.  Not my usual experience with this place, however its was the first time eating at this location.  I guess the bill for the aquarium really makes it hard for them to swallow the cost of an overpriced sandwich.Update:  Had the take home replacement order today.  The pulled pork sandwich was good, however I would have preferred to have my potato salad without the black hair.  Really????? You would think they would be a little careful.
4	I enjoy dillions. Yes the hostesses are annoying and look at you like your an idiot if you ask how long the wait is. But the bar is open seating. Saturday nights definately expect a wait. however the chicken fried steak/chicken is delicious along with mashed potates. The macaroni is ok. The bbq we have always had good luck with along with the sweet potato fries :) It does tend to get loud, Ive never personally heard the radio?? I dont know if thats because were too busy talking or what. When you put alot of people together people tend to talk louder! Thats everywhere! The patio heaters are nice on a cold night if you choose to sit on the patio. Service tends to be a little slower than alot of places not sure if its kitchen or not enough people working and stretching too thin.Overall we enjoy it and we will continue to come back.
1	For starters, we waited forever to be seated, was told 20 minutes, not so, 45 minutes later when asking about our seating, and after seeing several people who came in after us being seated, we were told we would be next.  Very frustrating to see another three groups seated before us still.   When the food arrived one meal was missing, the person bringing the food to the table said he would be back with the missing meal, after most of us had eaten about half of our meal the waitress stopped by, she did not even notice that one meal was missing, we had to request she find out what was going on with the missing meal.   After dinner, there was a desert ordered, it didn't come, and didn't come - when the waitress finally came back she was told to forget about the desert and just bring the bill.  When the bill arrived, low and behold we were still charged for the desert.  I have many things that are not good to say about the meal and the service but will leave it at this.  We will not put ourselves through this again and we will not recommend this restaurant to anyone!
2	I have tried and tried to like this place. It is always busy and there is always a wait to be seated in the dining room but I don't get it. We always sit in the bar or patio area and there is no wait. The beer is always terribly warm, the service is always less than friendly, and the food is less than good. The waitresses look like they just got out of bed and went to work. I had the taco salad this last time and I could have done better in my own kitchen. I don't think anyone from this brand even reads these comments. disappointing because I want to like the place....
4	The BBQ is great at this place. Pulled pork, burnt ends, ribs...etc. It is awesome. The sides though are definitely lacking. My mashed potatoes and gravy and macaroni and cheese looked like they came from a frozen dinner. BUT....the BBQ makes it worth it...just go with the fries to be safe for your side. Also, if its available, sit next to the shark tank. Its really cool.
2	Horrible service!! But good food!!  We were seated right away, our drinks and order was taken almost immediately.  Then nothing happened.  We had to flag down our server for refills. It's a BBQ place but we only ordered the fish.  The place was not packed so I am not sure why the food wait was so long. The food was wonderful. We ordered the catfish, blackened tilapia and michele tilapia.  The macaroni and cheese was awesome and we all wished we had more than one serving of that. But, I had the manager called over to complain about the following.1. getting sprayed with water as a busser cleared the next table2. the forgotton salad was mentioned to the runner that brought the food and minutes later the server came to say she forgot and if we still wanted it.  3. my chair getting hit by the vacuumer as he cleaned and placed chairs on tables all around us.I mentioned this was a bad first experience and it was our anniversary. She apologized and said she would send over a dessert on the house.   After the meal, the server came by and dropped off the bill.  I mentioned we were supposed to get dessert compliments of the manager...she said well you never ordered it, although she knew about it.I want to go back because the food was delicious, but my husband isn't willing to go with me. Maybe we are better off getting to go orders.Here is a tip...if you easily get motion sickness...so not face the aqaurium!
2	-SERVICE: Slow, terrible, and had to clear away our own dirty plates! Food Server seemed very inexperienced. They seem like they hire just "pretty" people with lack of customer service or any people skills, plus raunchy appearance.-AMBIENCE: Very loud! Kids running around! Kids that wedged themselves in between my table and the shark tank (ATTN PARENTS: watch your kids OR leave them at home OR take them to CHUCK E. CHEESE instead!!!)-FOOD: Room temperature meat, why wasn't it temperature HOT? Overall taste was ok, not the BEST BBQ. Potato salad was good, but was mostly mouthfuls of raw ONIONS than potatoes! (Mints anyone?)-PORTION: Good-RESTROOMS: Clean-PARKING: Plentiful-BAR: Go outside the bar area to see the flamingos.-SUMMARY: Very disappointed in the average food and poor service. I would NOT eat here again.
3	Good place for some Kansas City BBQ. Noise level was a little loud but it's connected to a zoo so you will get your share of kids. Not nearly as loud as other reviews made it out to be. Recommend coming later if you don't want many kids around. Food prices were a little high though. I have had a lot of BBQ from various cities and I have had better for the price. Overall its still a good place to eat with friendly service.
1	First I'd like to mention that this was my second time at Dillons, the first being at their Thunderbird location. So I decided to take my date to this location because I liked how it was intergrated into the zoo. Before going to this restaurant we read all the previous reviews--many of them being negative, but I still decided we should go. EPIC FAIL!!! The service was slow & our waitor was nice but you could tell he didn't take pride in his job very much. I ordered to two meat platter (burnt ends & turkey) and was certain I wanted the burnt ends but couldn't decide on my second meat so I asked my waitor what was the best choice & he says "by far it's the turkey, the turkey's one of the best meats we have. It's my favorite." So I ordered the turkey with my burnt ends & fries & mac & cheese on the side. We waited forever for our food to come. However, I must add the fried mushrooms I had as an appetizer were AMAZING!!! So the food finally comes and everything was cold except the fries. The turkey was beyond HORRIBLE; it was nothing but thick slices of bbq'd sandwich meat & tasted like it was soaked in lighter fluid. The burnt ends were ok, just not very fresh & cold. I knew what to expect from their mac & cheese, just average and you can't go wrong with basic steak fries. After letting the waitor know how I felt about the turkey he offered to replace it so I chose the chicken. So my date decided she was "over it" and before I could cancel the chicken to just pay for what we weren't displeased with the waitor comes with the chicken literally about one or two minutes later. The chicken was piping hot & you could tell it had been microwaved & had that same lighter fluid taste. At that point we just left our food, all half eaten & paid then left. The best part of the whole experience was getting to sit next to the alligator enclosure. If you choose to go this restaurant you'll be paying for the experience more than anything. NEVER AGAIN!!!
4	I thought he food was very average. Our sever....and dang I can't remember her name.....was outstanding!! The place was clean and the decor is obviously a big draw!  All that said, I had the special of the day which was their special BBQ ribs pulled off the bone on an opened faced sandwich. The meat was dry and not typical pork flavor, the sauce aw good, but the vegetable medley was undercooked. The cottage cheese was perfect.....and the best thing on the plate!Time to wake up that kitchen help a bit.....they're getting lazy!! A little work and it could be a home run!Note to the Yelpers that didn't like the kids running around: Uhhhh...you are at a zoo!!
3	The food here was very good.  I gave a three star rating because the servers are very slow and the place could use a good scrub.  I liked the view of the aquarium.  The restauraunt is a little muggy and stuffy.  I felt as if I could not breathe.  The place needs to add some sort of air filtration system.
4	So let me tell you my Dillon's story. I went to another location for Dillons in the valley. The experience was so-so at best. Food was average, service was meh, and it was all in all not memorable. My family and I went to the Wildlife World Zoo and hung out for the day, at the end of our day we were hungry and they had happy hour (what can I say..Im a sap for Happy Hours).We had 3 options, By the Alligator, By the Flamingos or By the Sharks.We chose by the Sharks.It is a really cool room with a gigantic tank with sharks in it, and the room has mirrors everywhere so you can see the sharks no matter where you sit. (Get your mind out of the gutter....this isn't the Imperial Palace rooms with Mirrors on the ceilings...)The food was good not 5 star but good. I had the burnt ends (of brisket)...FYI Cajun BBQ Sauce..DO IT.The Onion Rings were good.The beer and wine were cold and the mac in cheese was nummy.The service we had was impeccable, and if you don't want to be around kids....you probably shouldn't go to a restaurant that is attached to a zoo...just SAYING. But we didn't have issues with kids running around everywhere but that is luck of the draw wherever you go that has kids and parents.All in all I will gladly come back here when I go to the WWZ again. I enjoyed myself thoroughly.
3	After spending a lovely day at the World Wildlife Zoo, we were feeling hungry for dinner and headed over to Dillon's for some homestyle eats and bbq.  It was a litle busy when we were here around 5 P.M., with a minor wait to get seated (5-10 minutes).  I ordered the burnt ends plate, with coleslaw and mac & cheese for sides.  The meat was delicious.  It was a good mix of tender and crisp, and the cajun bbq sauce I had it with meshed well with the flavor of the meat.  The mac and cheese was nice and creamy, with pieces of corn kernels for added texture, and browned breadcrumbs on top.  I wasn't a fan of the coleslaw.  I could only taste raw cabbage and not much else in terms of flavor, but my husband really liked it because he said it had a light flavor that he found refreshing (Hey, to each their own!).  We were seated close to the shark tank, and it was cool seeing the sharks and fish swim around while we waited for our meals.  The meals themselves didn't take too long to be served, and for the most part service was good.  Towards the end of our meal, when it was time to get our check, service came to a halt and we waited a long time for our credit card to be processed so we could leave.  So, if you are at the zoo and are looking for a decent sit-down restaurant, this is a good option, especially since there doesn't seem to be a lot of places to eat at around this area.  Due to the slow-down in service towards the busier part of the evening though, I might be hesitant to go here again if it's a busy time for the restaurant.
3	As can be expected, Dillon's should never be considered a daytime destination restaurant unless you enjoy being surrounded by dozens of out-of-control animals, and I don't mean the ones behind the bars.  With that being said, it's certainly a nice alternative to the snack bar inside the zoo.  I opted for the pulled pork sandwich (your choice of sauce) and potato salad.  The pork was good!  I liked that it was topped with sauce and not swimming in it.  I ordered it on the side just to be sure it wasn't too much.  The potato salad was different.  With cheddar cheese, it reminded me of a loaded baked potato concept.The restaurant was incredibly busy and there was quite a wait for seating, but our server did a great job of making sure we were taken care of.
2	Awesome shark tank! Great wait staff! My whole family had a great time. I had the turkey platter which tasted good. Then I spent the next  24 hours with food poisoning.
2	We ordered take out for a family dinner to celebrate the mother-in-laws birthday. We were told it would be ready in 20 minutes. The sister-in-law and I show up 30 minutes later (just in case they needed more time because we ordered a lot) and were instructed by the hostess to pick it up at the bar. We stood at the bar for a good ten minutes and were completely ignored. It was getting really uncomfortable because we could tell they were ignoring us on purpose! Several workers would make eye contact, I would smile, start to speak and they would quickly look down and then walk away. Finally we were addressed, paid, waited for another ten minutes, got the food and left.The food was blah, nothing special. We ordered two racks of beef ribs (very little meat on the bone, pulled pork (watery and bland), brisket (came submerged in vinegar and tasted like it was boiled), mac and cheese, and coleslaw (good). I didn't get sick so I guess that is worth 2 stars...Now back to the service, does anyone know why you have customers pick up their take out from the bar? Raising my hand. Yes you in the back. "um so they order more while they wait?" Good! Now how do you get them to order more? Raising my hand and waiving frantically. "ummmm, don't ignore them and you ask them if they wanted a drink while they wait?" Fantastic, gold star for you.They could have squeezed an extra $20 out of us. Instead they only got the money from the food...and that is all they will ever get. No repeat business here.
4	EAT THE ONION RINGS!!! They are amazing and only $2!!! The bbq here is decent, I have been here a few times and usually get the pulled pork sandwich, standard bbq meal. I'd give the bbq 6of10 but the great service and GIANT shark tank bring it up to an 8of10. I took a group of 25 last night and they handled a large group very well; we all ate and paid in a little over an hour. The manager Carl is extremely nice and accommodating.
4	Loved it! We went for a special night out and it was wonderful. We had a fabulous waitress. The food was fantastic, (We got the 3 meat platter, burnt ends rock!) Thoroughly enjoyed the night. A month later we took the kids for two birthdays.. costly night, but the kids loved it! We were able to get right by the shark tank which thoroughly entertained the kids (all 6 of them 9-17 years old) Food went over well with everyone, but... get there early before they run out of burn ends :o( We learned the hard way. My only gripe, they never have any coupon or specials or we would visit more often! Funny enough both trips were FOR Dillons, we never even went to the zoo! We will be back :o)
1	Today was not our first day at Dillon's, but it sure was our last!  Today we went in while visiting the zoo as the kiddos were hungry.  1/2 the shark tank room and 1/2 of the outside seating is empty. There are 4 "hostesses" doing absolutely nothing!  We stood there waiting forever.  People are now coming in from the main entrance and getting seated before us!  Then I was told I could go sit at the bar (not in the bar area, but at the bar)... keep in mind I have a 2 & 5 year old with me.... I don't think so!  Needless to say, we left and went elsewhere for our lunch today. From previous experiences at this location:Customer service... what customer service, would have been served faster & better by trained monkeys!  To make it worse, it was a "manager" who was serving us last time and what should of taken 30-45 minutes, took over 2 hours and it was the bus boy who took better care of us!  Give that kid a raise and a promotion to manager! Food.... edible, but nothing special, definately not worth the money!If you want good BBQ, go to Charleston's at Scottsdale Road & Frank Lloyde Wright!  That is where we are going!  Now they have great service & awesome food!
1	Wow.. All I can say is pubes in my baked potato.. We came to Dillon's after we went to zoo. We had the Groupon deal and on the deal it says one Groupon per transaction. I called a ahead of time to make sure I could do separate checks for me and my wife. Anyway, we get to our table and the kids are tired and ornery. We tell the waitress we will do four separate checks between us and our friends. The waitress seemed annoyed.. We tried to be quick with ordering and knowing what we wanted. Apparently we were not nice enough because like I said earlier.. I got pubes in my food. The manager came over and offered to make me a new plate.. Really?? I just got pubes in my food. No thanks! He offered nothing else besides that. I am disgusted with this place and would advise you to stay away..This is at a Zoo.. Expect ornery kids. I called ahead and asked about the Groupon deal.. The customer service there does not exist!I am still sick to my stomach thinking about this..
3	The food at this location in the World Wild Life Zoo is OK.  The huge fish tank with sharks in it is more than entertaining for the kids though and the restaurant provides a welcome relief from the normal run of the mill food at parks like this. We eat here every time we come to this zoo.
5	Great food at this place.  Went there last night.  Although crowded, wait staff was very pleasant and the pulled pork platter was great.  Will go there many times in the future.
3	Sweet Heat BBQ sauce, my taste buds heart belong to you & so do these 3 stars!This is an adult restaurant in a zoo,,,, the combination is confusing & at times, slightly scary, lol. The shark tanks are not huge & are blocked by tables, so don't come here to view the sharks. They are actually the same tanks that are in the Aquarium that is adjacent. You can get a much better view from there. What you will see LOTS of are loud, wild children, basking in their natural habitat, accompanied by tired parents with blank stares who have been conditioned only to smell blood & the sound of cracking bones.... unless CPR is necessary, they will not be phased. The wait staff tries hard to keep everything running smoothly. I was helped by 5 different people, including my waiter. They work quickly, efficiently & seem to try not to notice chaos that is surrounding them. If you want to get their attention you have to do something strange that warrants their attention.... so basically, sit quietly, very still & they will think something is wrong & head right over :) The food was good, especially the pulled pork sandwich, but hard to enjoy fully due to the environment. The zoo itself is a lot more peaceful, lol.
2	Meh is all i can really say and I'll tell you why! My family and I wanted to check out this location for dinner on a friday night.  We enjoy the other locations so why not try this one right?! Well I call ahead to see if I can make reservations for 630 pm. I was told they only take reservations for parties of 8 or more. Ok....whatever...its friday night we will get there early. When we arrive we are told that it will be a 15 minute wait for us which was a party of 4 and a baby. So we sit and wait....and wait as other parties of 3....4....5...and 6 are seated ....mind you who arrived AFTER us. My step dad then walks up to the hostess stand...which has 5 people up there who are incredibly rude...and ask why they were seated before us. 20 minutes has gone by at this point. They tell us "they had reservations". Ummm wtf EXCUSE ME?!?! I was told you only take reservations of parties 8 or more. By now Im beyond pissed off! We are told there is 2 more couples before us and then we will be seated. Another 10 minutes goes by... 5 more parties are seated(now its 30 min) and my step dad walks up to stand by the hostess booth. One hostess...with the biggest attitude looks at him and says "Dont worry you are next!" Look betch we should have been sat 15 minutes ago!! With me working in customer service myself....that crap does not fly with me! When we are finally called back....one of the hostess says..."party of 5?" Are you serious? Are you that stupid that you are bringing 5 menus? Yea cause my 3 month old can eat ribs! Effing MORON!Once seated the server was nice....she was on top of things and the food was decent. There were a few bugs crawling around by a table near us. The patron sitting at that table mentioned something to the bus boy... he simply stepped on the bug and stated "its only a bug!" Kind of gross but you ARE at a zoo.  Will i eat here again...probably not but I do want to come back to go to the zoo since i have not yet been. My advice if you want BBQ.....go to the other locations and have a better experience!
1	I love their Chicken with ham and cheese.  But what happened to your BBQ beans???  They are soooo hot I cannot eat them.  I have gone 3 times since you moved and each time they seem hotter than the last. My husband the last time said they were too hot even for him to eat.    Not everyone likes hot.   You can add it, but you can't take it out.  For this reason you are given one star.  We are trying another Dillons, and if you have changed your recipe...shame on you.   We will not be coming back if this is the case, even though I love your sandwich, I came for the beans.  Incidently, I also went with 3 friends and they all said the same thing...why did they start making them sooo hot?
4	Kinda on the fence of between a three and a four star. My daughter lives not far form this Dillon's. We have eaten at two of their places in the Phoenix area had their food is good. This Dillon's is at the Wild Life Zoo and has a large aquarium in the dining area. I found the food to be good and enjoyed watching the fish in the aquarium. There were many people with children eating there as you would expect, being it is at the Zoo. I enjoyed watching them looking at the fish mostly sharks. The service was a little slow even though the place was not crowded but we did not mind as there was 7 of us there and we enjoyed talking and catching up. Would I go back? Yes if I was in the area. My grandson enjoyed the fish. Especially the Piranha that was in a small aquarium in the lobby.
5	These restaurants are always busy for a reason!  Great food!!  Definitely our family's go-to place for BBQ!  Onion rings are the best!
2	We visited the Dillon's located in the Wildlife World Zoo. The zoo was not overly busy this day. We waited 20 minutes to be seated which was one with us, we expected a little wait. When we were seated, our server was very nice and professional, but after she took our order it took about 45 minutes to get our food. As annoying as this was, it was actually a big inconvenience because we had an antsy 5 year old and a 4 month old with us. When we finally got our food it was not bad but not great, and definitely not worth the wait. On a positive note, we only paid about $50 for 3 adult entrees, 1 child's meal, and 3 beers.
4	We took a late lunch at Dillon's while we were visiting the attached zoo / aquarium.  Luckily, we did not experience the service problems that other reviewers experienced. Our waitress was very nice and attentive.  The food was good - I had the Pulled Pork sandwich and he had the Sausage Plate (pictures to come). I enjoyed the mild sauce and he really liked the sweet-heat.  The Mac and Cheese was my favorite side, but the fries weren't bad!There were definitely little ones running around, and since we were close to the tank they passed by use relatively frequently.  This didn't really bother us since the restaurant is attached to the zoo, so we expected to see a lot of kids and that they would be energetic in that environment.We didn't get a dessert since we were both pretty full after the meal so I can't speak to any of those, but they sounded tasty!Overall: B+The outside will be noisy since it's right next to the flamingo exhibit and at the entrance to the zoo (we sat inside to avoid some heat / noise).  The food was good, both the mild sauce and sweet-heat were a hit for us!
1	Just not very good at all, service was bad, food was bad. Pulled pork meat was bland at best almost tasted boiled, bun was soggy and the sauce tasted like ketchup and the onion rings were do greasy they dripped. Server literally seemed lost and struggled to answer any questions. It's sad too because this could really be an awesome place considering location. I'm guessing they just bank on hungry tired zoo visitors and the fact there really isn't much competition. Next time I'm at the zoo I'll just get a hot dog at one of the snack bars.
3	Decent food and process.  Ok service.  Terrible beer selection.  Fried pickles were interesting.  Wings were good. Brisket quesadilla was also good. Best thing about it was the convenience of cheap beers after walking through the zoo for 4 hours.
3	Visiting the wildlife a park and decided to have lunch first. The kids were excited to stare at the shark tank for a while. Our waitress, Lynda, was excellent and always very attentive to what we needed. Started off with the onion ring appetizer (only $2) and the onion rings were surprisingly good. Not overcooked and not greasy. So far, so good.Unfortunately, everything else was somewhat disappointing. I had the Red Devil Pork sandwich. It was fairly spicy and the sausage was pretty good but the pork was a little bland. The sauce was somewhat greasy and quickly saturated the bun. Actually had to discard part of the bottom of the bun. The Mac and cheese side was pretty good but not a fan of the corn added in. My wife got the blackened tilapia. Not very blackened and just "ok". The kids got bland looking hot dogs with 5 smiley-face fries. Overall, OK food which was not worth the price. As another reviewer mentioned, this place could be outstanding if they took the food more seriously.
4	Heard of this place through a friend and the wife and I decided to give it a try. The hostess were very friendly and only a 10 minute wait to be seated.  Tobie was our server and provided a high level of service. Onion rings were only a couple of bucks and food was all the my friend said it would be. The BBQ was tops and only in another state such as Texas will you find better BBQ. The view of the sharks is the best! Prices were in line with other places and service was above average.
3	We went on Valentine's Day which you would have thought meant they had their A Game on but it did not seem like that. We waited for 35 minutes to get a table and then another 15 minutes to see our waitress which was cranky and annoyed that we were in her section. The live band was great and the food was good but we never were able to order more food or drinks because we never saw our waitress again.
2	Really didn't want to come here, but the girls were down.(their visitation with their parents were cancelled) So I thought sitting by the aquarium might brighten their day? So we arrived there around 5:00pm, not that many people there yet. We were able to sit by the shark tank, and the kids were in awe. I ordered the half rack of pork ribs. It came with two sides, i had the fries, and potato salad. Wife had the chicken club salad. The kids was OK with their chicken strips and cheese burger, but they were to involved with the tank. I personally was not that impressed with the food that night. Paying $20 for a half slab of ribs, you would think there would be more meat on the ribs? Again, another place with ribs you have to fight with? Very dry, not much flavor, and did I mentioned there were no meat on the ribs. The potato salad was awe full, not what I expected! I even tried the wife's salad. Not impressed at all. Our service wasn't that great, wife ordered the salad and received and sandwich. And our server seemed to have trouble keeping up with her tables.When we first moved here four years ago. Dillon's Grand was our favorite place to eat. Since they moved, they have just kept on falling down on our list. To the point we might not visit Dillon's anymore. The quality of their food has really gone down, to bad! I love BBQ, but I might have to go east bound for that now.
1	Fool me once shame on me fool me over and over ... You lose. I can't believe we have tried to give this restaurant several tries hoping it was just a bad night  but each time we are totally disappointed.  We have had the ribs - blah, dry, small portions,- the sandwiches - hot dog buns what?.. - French fries that come in a vegetable dish omg..salads that are just about as basic as one can imagine..I mean really a taco salad with lettuce , meat, cheese ! That's it no beans, corn, tomatos, Avocado, etc.  Just the most non imaginative food.  The fish ..yike just so boring.  I really wanted this to be good because it's a cool place but really?  Get a chef!But unlike previous reviews, we have had very good service but sat in the bar perhaps that makes a difference.
3	It's at a zoo. Better than average, but nothing great. Overpriced, and really busy. But what do you expect at a zoo?
2	I was told ahead of time this would be the best BBQ I've ever had. I question if the person that told me this has actually ever had BBQ before. The atmosphere was great especially eating in the room with the shark tank. But the food was lack-luster and I would not call that KC BBQ. Maybe they are using KC Masterpiece as their BBQ sauce... which in itself isn't Kansas City BBQ either.   No one's meal was all that great and if we weren't already there for the zoo we would had been even more displeased with out trip.
3	I really don't understand some of the heavy-handed reviews for this location.  No, it's not the "Best Barbeque I've ever had", and who goes to a barbeque place and orders a taco salad or fish? Also, trying to circumvent the coupon policies by splitting checks then complaining just shows cheapness. Granted, restaurants should stick to what they are good at and make everything equally well, however, it sounds like if one goes in with unreal expectations anyplace will fail to meet those standards. We've had good luck at this location. The food and service have never been 5-Star but if I could give 3 1/2 stars I would. The ambiance in the shark tank is festive, usually with kids (and adults) looking with wonder but kids will be kids so don't expect a quiet, intimate date night. Don't go to Disneyland and complain because there are kids around. The food is generally really good and the portions substantial. Barbeque is infinitely subjective, if you find 10 people who like barbeque you will find 10 opinions as to how it should be prepared. I find a lot of reviews are people who just like to complain. Reviewing means being objective, and not taking circumstances personal. I can't believe how many reviews complain someone "gave me a dirty look" or "deliberately ignored us", tell me, what grade are you in?  Before you take a reviewer's word on a place look at his past reviews. If all of his reviews are 1-star maybe they are the common denominator.
1	If I could give less then one star I would!! This place was horrible, boiled flavorless, cold meat and way overpriced!! I will never go back! Not to mention the place was swarmed with flies! Ick!!
3	I am happy to have this option at a zoo.  Most amusement parks and zoos only offer their overpriced snack bar areas, so having a full restaurant is pretty cool.  We have been to this place every time we visit the Wildlife Zoo.  This last visit was the best of all of them.  Food is ok, nothing to write home about, but it is good.  Last time I had a hamburger and it was pretty good.   We usually sit by the shark tank, but this last time we decided to sit on the patio.  It gets a little loud, mainly because the flamingos are so vocal.  Wow those birds are noisy.  Beautiful, but very, very loud.  So if you want a little quieter area, maybe inside is a better choice.
3	We went to this location with no preconceived ideas on the food. We received subpar service and the brisket was buried in sauce. The ribs were ok but we've definitely had better. The redeeming quality was the shark tank and the wonder on the children's faces around us. We had a gift certificate so our cost wasn't terrible, but we will not be returning unless we have another gift certificate. Even if we get one we will likely try a different location.
5	Great lunch spot! Their BBQ sandwiches are good but the real cream of the crop is their beans. These are definitely not vegetarian beans. There were thick chunks of meat right in the sauce. Their coleslaw was meh but on balance it made it to five stars.
1	The food was ok but I'm giving the place 1 star because it was one of the worst dining experiences we have had in recent time.  First off this place should issue fly swatters with the meals, lol we spent the whole time swatting away fly's while trying to eat our meal how disgusting is that.  Then we only saw our waitress once and that was when she brought us the bill, it was at that point I ordered some desert because it sounded good, and I asked for another ice tea refill.  Boy what a mistake that was, the desert was terrible and she never brought the ice tea.  Needless to say I do not recommend this place. The only reason I think this place gets any business is because it's next to the zoo.  If you want great BBQ and great service then I suggest Bobby Q's we love it there.
2	*WARNING* The food was ok the place was just dirty. While my family ordered I watched two tables not get cleaned for 30 min and when the buser finally came to clean the tables he just pulled a rag out his pocket and wiped the food on the floor! Yuck! Can you say health violation. Even though the zoo was awesome I will not eat at this Dillion's again two waiters dropped orders to make matters worse. *warning*
2	Tessie (Tessy?) was our server, and she pretty much ignored us, Fun.The onion rings were good, a light crispy batter with thinly cut onion. Nice.The Pulled Pork Sandwiches were pretty unexciting. Mine was on the dry side, and my dining partner says that she did not get enough sauce. Further, yjr Sweet Heat sauce doesn't have a lot of flavor, only heat. Their Mac n Cheese had corn in it. Don't get me wrong, I like corn, but I do not eat GMO corn and not telling me that corn is in a dish is not cool.
5	We love eating at all the different Dillon's locations.  Staff is always pleasant and food is always good.  The onion rings are light and crisp and a must have appetizer with every visit.  My husband loves the macaroni and cheese with whatever meat he has.
5	We went to this place Twice while visiting our favor8 zoo yesterday, once 4 lunch outside while viewing the flamingos from the patio under misters & l8er 4 dinner inside w/ the AMAZING aquarium. Both Xs were THOROUGHLY ENJOYABLE in Food, Service & Experience!    We were pretty famished after going all over the grounds running on empty in the heat & ready 2 c what offerings we could have from their extensive menu. We were pleasantly surprised 2 c there were several selections for us Veg~heads 2 choose from even tho they r known 4 their Bbq. Yay 4 us!!    Already a gr8 start, we were promptly greeted by an AWESOMELY ATTENTIVE server named HEATHER(server 40422) who took our drink & appetizer orders & single handed-ly gave not only us but the ENTIRE PATIO the most STELLAR service I've seen (esp 4 a place that busy)! Flustered was not in her vocabulary as she simultaneously got us started, other's served their orders/refills, clearing pl8es, & wrapped up people closing their bills complete w/ their discount coupons, making it Look effortless all w/ a commendably friendly & professional winning attitude. This gal truly was impressive & I almost luved observing/witnessing/hearing her in action as much as the flamingos ~ WOW!!   So we ordered passion fruit tea, Portabello Spinach Artichoke Dip 2 start, Peach salad w/ prickly pear vinigarette dressing & their Spinach enchilada platter. Pl8es were Huge w/ Generous portions & gr8 present8ion. As hungry as we were, we actually had 2 box up what we couldn't finish & run it our 2 the car. Everything we had became an instant fave & when I'm craving cold/cool food I'll have 2 go w/ the Peach salad which also had craisins, candied walnuts/pecans over combin8ion greens & Perfectly complimented w/ the Prickly Pear Vinigarette dressing (no arm~twisting needed). No room 4 dessert even tho there were def a few I put on the 2~try list 4 l8er.    Early eve had the expected w8 (esp since we showed up w/o a reserv8ion) & we opted 4 outside patio again if it meant getting seated sooner, but much 2 our surprise we were asked if we'd like 2 dine inside near aquarium as 1 was cleared/opened up. Can we say YAY Again 4 the unexpected upgrade? Nice~Woo~hoo!!   We got seated right next 2 the aquarium near 1 corner of the curv8ure. Our w8ress this time was the very nice efficient Tobie (server 96534) who greeted us fairly quickly getting our order of their award winning onion rings started & tried the hibiscus green tea which was just as thirst quenchingly good as the passion fruit we had earlier. She was also a pretty Gr8 server ~ never had 2 w8 4 refills or our bill when ready. The only w8 other than 2 b seated of course was 4 our items 2 b prepared & nothing took very long ~ not 2 mention taking in all the beautiful marine life swimming right by us. I went w/ the Spinach Quesadilla & my companion ordered the Prickly Peach Salad this time which had an interesting marmalade blended in2 the dressing. Yummy!!    The onion rings were pretty 1derful as was the Spinach Quesadilla & all the spinach artichoke dishes I'd highly recommend 4 those that like that kind of dip. The only thing I might suggest was the red onions being sauteed instead of raw even though it was still very good cut in2 julienne style pieces as well as ensuring all the diced tomato on our Spinach enchiladas r all ripe. Also the chips were very good tho just a couple a little over~fried, but some may prefer them that way. Why no sweet potato fries @ this loc8ion? Def woulda tried them... We really enjoyed the aquarium & knew not 2 expect a quiet uneventful dining experience as there is going 2 b excited kids about in addition 2 the hussle & bustle of any good establishment.    Really wish some parents/grandparents would b better overseers of children/toddlers. This is NOT a charity daycare/kiddy playland 2 let them run rampantly unattended as servers already have enough obstacles w/o having 2 watch 4 tripping over ur kids while attempting 2 get full trays of HOT food 2 their tables. Really, r u KiDding me?? I'm sure they'd b the 1st 2 scream lawsuit if that very possibly happened 2!! That's really sad when a stranger cares more by watching/preventing something bad from happening 2 them SEVERAL Xs throughout our meal ~ Rediculous!! Yeah, go back 2 drinking but next time don't bring the kids or 4 gosh sakes pay 4 a babysitter since u don't watch them, not 2 mention the choking hazard every time I get knocked in2 from behind while trying 2 eat... Geesh!!    Again had no room 4 dessert so that will have 2 come l8er but Dillon's easily became a FAVE place that we'll frequent whenever we can/find ourselves out this way which is usually when frequenting the Perfectly paired 1Derful zoo!
1	Been there twice, first time it was just ok so I thought that maybe just a bad day for them. The second time wasn't any better, just ok BBQ way over price for such common food. The service wasn't even that good. Go to Bobby Q for real BBQ that you will love!
3	The onion rings are delicious.  The rest of the food that we ordered was pretty boring.  I wish the menu had some more fresh options. The inside could use some updating.  Our table had a ripped and worn plastic table covering, it was not well maintained.  My kids love the flamingos, that was our favorite part.
1	The food was flavorless and was almost like frozen store bought microwave taste, the restaurant was dirty and the hostess even sat us at a dirty table, we asked to see a manage but one never came although he was up at the hostess stand chatting with girls. The only good this about this trip was the animals you get to look at, next time I will be going to famous Dave's. Not worth the money and not worth the stomach ache you get after.
5	Not sure why all the hate but I came here and had a great meal with great service. I've been to many Dillion locations and their food is pretty consistent. I wouldn't say it's the best BBQ but definitely pretty darn good. Wife ordered BBQ pulled pork and it was very good. I ordered fish tacos and they were also pretty good. My mashed and BBQ baked bean sides were awesome (yeah I ordered that with tacos , ha ha). I would have gave them a 4 star but all the lame reviews for ppl that said it wasn't the best and gave a 1 star.  Request to sit next to the huge shark tank.... It's a real treat.  Also, just be grateful that there is a very good consistent restaurant in the middle of no where folks!  If this isn't good enough for you go ahead and drive another hour to your favorite BBQ place you idiot!
4	Food was good and the service was excellent. Where else can you eat with sharks swimming by? The pulled pork was great, was a little disappointed they did not have burnt ends that day.
5	If we are at the zoo or looking for good BBQ...can't go wrong with this place.  My kids love sitting near the fish tank.  Service is always average never amazing.  But the good each and every time is fantastic.  The pulled pork, onion rings, apple cobbler are all amazing.
4	The food was good and the wait staff was friendly. The ambience was nice, especially with the shark tank. We ordered the smoked bone in chicken with loaded mashed potatoes and macaroni and the pick 2 plate with beef brisket and pulled pork BBQ.  Everything tasted good, it wasn't the best BBQ I have ever had, NC BBQ is by far the best, but this was the best I have had in AZ thus far. I will definitely eat here again and try some other things. The only thing I was disappointed about was the veg of the day was corn on the cob, I'm not a huge fan of corn.
4	Service was awesome. I wanted to try all three sauces and the server even brought our a few fresh French fries to dip in them. I got the red devil sandwich which was super yummy but spicy. On a scale of 1-10 it was a hot damn! Glad I had the cole slaw to cool it down. Really fun sitting in the room with the huge shark tank. Going back for sure!
1	Been in the food industry for 20 years. My dad 50. Dont waste your time or money at this location. infant daughter was asleep in stroller so we were forced to the patio. No big deal... we were the ONLY ones there to eat. Took a while for someone to come out of the back to seat us though. Sat on patio for 23 minutes... never were talked to by anyone. In the meantime some others were seated.. given drinks.. and probably had orders taken... we were forgotten. After seating 3 next to us and they were served, We quietly stood up and left. I dont like to make a scene you just end up like the other reviewer I just read... dont want hair in my potato. Lesson learned. Avoid this dillons till they hire someone with more experience it customer service. Never even got to try the food but based on the reviews I'm glad we saved our money and went to logans roadhouse.
4	It is really hard to rate Dillon's without talking about the zoo/aquarium it's attached to because the main attraction of the dinning area IS part of the aquarium...A shark tank.or, if you pick the patio, the flamingo island.However, it's a conversation worth having because Dillon's produces some of the best Kansas City BBQ in Arizona. Smokey and sweet with just a touch of "twang" - there isn't a dish on their menu that I wouldn't (or haven't) tried.Plus...You get to eat it staring down a shark or two.
5	We had a great lunch & excellent service today. The portions are very ample, & we had to take the leftovers home. We sat next to the giant shark tank, but next time maybe we'll sit outside & watch the flamingos. Kudos to Joy for taking such good care of us & bringing my hubby a sample of burnt ends & sauces to try to help him figure out what to order.
5	I have had the catfish, the brisket, the baby back ribs, a burger and the chicken fried steak. All of it very good. the fish the the cfs were the best of the bunch. The service is friendly and the prices are fair.
5	Another family favorite. We enjoy stopping by every now again for cold beer, onion rings and BBQ!
4	We always go here after we go to the zoo. Really authentic barbecue, great sides, and my kids love the smiley face fries that come with the kids meals.They have delicious margaritas too! Great for mom after a hot zoo trip :)The aquarium's shark tank extends into the dining area so we always sit nearby. They also have a patio that overlooks the flamingos.My only complaint is that if they're busy, we usually get our food before our drinks. After walking around in the heat all day, we are ready for our soda/water/margarita/beer. Servers are always friendly and management usually makes rounds asking how are food is, etc. Great lunch/dinner place all around!
4	Very cool place the shark tank was awesome! The food was good we tried the 50/50 ribs the beef were the best. Deff great for kids and adults. The service was awesome!! Not saying it's the best BBQ but the Shark tank gives it that extra excitement. Would deff return.
5	I was taken here for my birthday.  The staff were very friendly and attentive.  Went on a Friday night, so it was very busy.  I loved the shark aquarium!  It really is a must see!  The food is excellent, and love their 3 entree plate.  Very moderately price, and you get a lot of food.   Among the best BBQ I've had.  Probably the only negative I can say is when I was there, because it was so busy, the table was not properly cleaned when we were first seated, but when I told the waitress, she got it cleaned up right away and made it right.
4	Actually quite good for a place that is by the zoo.  I had the az turkey sandwich. The sauces are pretty good   the sweet hot I'd very good.   It has a good flavor and the heat sneaks up on you.   Have  a try at this place   you won't be disappointed.
3	Went to the zoo and Dillons for the very first time on 1/3/15.  We had an amazing day.  The zoo is really cool. After a long fun day we were starving, so we headed into Dillons.  We were a party of eight, 4 adults and 4 kids.  We were greeted by their friendly staff and seated quickly.  We ordered the Nacho's and onion rings.  The onion rings were good but I thought the nachos could have used more BBQ meat and cheese.  They were okay.  I ordered the pulled pork platter.  It was good, but not a Wow!  My husband and son ordered the build your own.  My husband and son liked what they ordered.  My grandkids liked the smiley face fries and shark tank.  All in all the BBQ was good, but I have had better.  As far as the service it was good.  My husband ordered a beer and it took awhile.  The prices were consistent with other bbq restaurants.    Overall it was a good experience and we would come again.
