5	AWESOME PLACE!I used to go here EVERY single weekend, without missing a weekend, when I lived in Phoenix off Bell Rd. Lots of bikers (it's mainly a biker nightclub). More like a nightclub than a bar, in my opinion. Great live bands, dancing, and just having a grand ol' time there, everytime....Drinks are reasonable and the bartenders are so much fun. Haven't been in since 2006, but I will come back again soon.
5	Out of all the bars, this one I call 'home'. Time and again they always book good bands for their weekend and most of our bike rallies either start or end here. Drinks are very fair and the staff friendly. This is not a place for you Wanna Be's, here you'll have to mind your Ps&Qs and pay respect, so you better learn to rules or go home. This is a H.A. bar through and through.
5	My girlfriend's family frequents this place and now we're part of the festivities here.  What a rockin cool place.  It's a total biker bar and it feels like it's straight out of a movie.  They have a kitchen that cooks great burgers and appetizers.  The drinks are endless and the bartenders are beyond kind.  they know how to treat their customers.  Make sure you tip them!They have 2 large pool tables and 3 dart boards that are always in action.  They have this old table that is right in the middle and it has carvings and markings from anyone and everyone who has ever been there.  Very vintage!I love this place and enjoy being a part of this awesome venue!
5	The quintessential biker bar in north Phoenix.  Support your local Cave Creek Crew!!!
5	The good old Steal Horse what a great destination for drinks, food, and fun. I have been coming here for years and I enjoy myself every time. Great bands on the weekends and the staff is always friendly and fast to quench your thirst. A must stop during the Arizona Bike Week with great specials and fun all day long from bands to events you will always have something to do. This place is a staple for all bikers or not. Come in here you will get a worm welcome a smile and the drink of your choice. Can't be missed!
4	Great little dark, dank & divey hole-in-the-wall biker bar that serves typical bar food, great drinks and has fantastic live music. We have been coming in here for years when we are in the area on Friday nights and will continue to do so. Pros:Bike parkingLive musicPeople watchingModest dance floor Teeth optionalCons:Teeth optional
