5	OMG come see Jessica!!! Best mani/pedi ever!!!! She is meticulous and makes sure that your feet walk out of here looking and feeling good :)
5	I've been to so many places born and raised  in Las Vegas  and never been satisfied until now !!! Jay did  an amazing job to my hair my hair looks 100% better this is the place to go ! The salon was very clean and the people are very nice . If your looking to get your hair done go here they will do exactly what you want !
5	I am seriously so happy to have found this salon. Jay is phenomenal, I've been to him twice now for color and cut and he's so wonderful! He actually saved my hair for me, I was so depressed after visiting another salon who botched my hair color. I originally came into glamour salon to just get a haircut, to at least take off from the fact that my hair looked Ug :( but he told me he could fix my hair for me whenever I was ready, but I had just spent $210 ($250 with the tip) so I was apprehensive. At the other salon I was told that I wasn't going to be able to have blonde in my hair because of how red my hair was before. But something told me to just do it and I decided to take a chance and let Jay try to add blonde to my hair. I'm SO GLAD I did!! I went from drab to fab and I was so excited, he made me feel like myself again!! I didn't want to over process my hair so we just added alil blonde to my already lightened ends and it all just blended perfectly! He is amazing, and we talked the entire time. He has a great way about him and could have smooched him for doing my hair such justice. If you're looking to get some color done, come to this salon! You won't regret it! After waiting a month, I decided to add alil more blonde and I'm so pleased with my hair now! Here are two photos from my two visits here!
5	Love Love this salon! Jay is amazing! He fixed my "bad" ombre that a previous stylist did. He is on the expensive side but if you want your hair done right it is worth every penny. While I was getting my hair done I also observed the other stylist and they did not disappoint. This salon knows hair!
5	Soooo happy I found this place! Seriously I have searched and searched for someone who ACTUALLY knew how to do hair. I went to so many places that had great reviews on yelp and I failed every single time. Jay knows how to make your hair look fabulous and can create exactly what you want. He literally read my mind and I got a red to blonde ombre and it could not have turned out anymore perfect!!!!! It was so perfectly blended. He also did a great cut and was so knowledgable about everything he was doing.All the girls in the salon were doing just as awesome work as he did. I definitely recommend you quit your search and make an appointment here!! Although the location isn't ideal to me, I think I have finally found someone I can consistently pay to do my hair!!
5	My hair salvation place sent from the gods, I swear! Let me tell you, I agreed to let my sister do an ombre on my hair, thinking it will be okay, and it was not okay. I have Asian hair, so it's black as shit and thick. We had bleach my hair at least five times to get some blond, but it was mostly a hot mess of an orange, coppery, brassy tri-color party going on. Not the business. On top of that, my ends were so fried, I had to go to a Supercuts to cut a few inches off leaving my ombre looking uneven and choppy as hell.I searched long and hard for an affordable stylist that I can trust. I found Glamour Beauty Salon through Instagram and instantly fell in love with Jay's, as well as the other stylist's work. What I really like about him and his salon is that their work is 1) beautiful as ice cream sundaes, 2) they have loads of before and after pictures on their Instagram account, super welcome for clients to be the judge on wether they like it or not, and 3) everyone seems to freaking love and look amazing after they do work. I emailed Jay (he's the owner) and set up an appointment with Juana, another brilliant stylist who did such an epic job on my hair.She cut, died, and styled my hair fabulously. My ombre is a nice blended blond now with my natural base color. No orange shit, no brassy shit, none of that shit my sister did. I'm so in love with my hair. Juana did an amazing job. The salon itself was cute. It had nice decorations and catchy music playing through out and the people who work there are friendly. If you ever need your hair done, I 110% recommend this place. If you're not 100%, you should check out their Instagram account. I'm pretty sure you'll find a hairstyle and color that you'll love. #godsent
4	We live in California and found this salon on instagram.  The day of our appointment we were greeted by a very unpleasant receptionist.  You would think that since her main job should be customer service she would smile and be nice or at least cordial. In general anytime we had a question she would look at us with ATTITUDE. She should have had bitch stamped across her forehead.  Now that I vented a little bit the rest of the staff was great! The owner was super friendly very people person. You could tell that he loves what he does and is a perfectionist. Everyone else in this place was great, friendly, outgoing. Ana did my daughter's her she was great! She kept my daughter busy by talking to her, made her feel comfortable,  welcomed and at home. To be honest for the quality of work they do I feel they are very well priced in their services. I had to give it 4 stars instead of 5 because of the very unpleasant receptionist.  Everyone else was great, and I even posted a picture of daughter's hair on yelp I would definitely come back and have Ana do my daughter's hair.
4	came here for the first time and took my daughter we come from California my daughters hair came out so nice the girl that did my daughters hair was named Ana she was so nice and made my daughter feel comfortable and relaxed the place is very clean and professional the reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 is the receptionist it seem as if me asking questions about pricing and product was annoying her and that she had more important things to do i will be back cause they do really good hair and the hairdressers were very nice
5	Found this salon on instagram & decided to make an appointment. Mayra was my stylist and she did a great ombre on my hair blended perfectly w no brassiness at all. I showed her pictures of what I was looking for and she gave me exactly what I wanted. Clean environment + friendly staff. This was the first time I left a salon satisfied! After countless horror stories at numerous salons, Im glad I finally found a salon I trust thank you glamour!
3	Just okay. The  salon is in the  hood. Nothing special. No follow up. Prices  comparable to high end salons. Meh. No offer for water, or refreshments on a 3 hour process.
1	UPDATED: I was actually really disappointed by my experience here the other day. My appointment which I had made a week in advance was at 12pm. They didn't start washing my hair till a little after 12:20, and they didn't actually start cutting my hair until almost 1. The whole time Jay was cutting my hair he was talking about what horrible condition it was in (he didn't need to make negative comments about it) & trying to recommend me products from the moroccan collection he sells there. I told him I would take the shampoo but quickly changed my mind when I saw the price. I was being charged $95 for just a trim, wash & style. When he was at his old location on Lamb & Las Vegas Blvd he would charge $40 for all that! I think it got him upset that I changed my mind on the shampoo, because about 2 hours later he unfollowed me on Instagram. (He had followed me about 3 months ago because I kept recommending people to him & I would tag him in their posts). I was just very disappointed, because I have recommended so many people to his location & I didn't enjoy the service. I DID PAY $95 for wash, trim, & style. Even though they are claiming to only charge me $70, so I posted a picture onto the Glamour Yelp page showing where they charged me $90 on my card and the other $5 I paid cash. I would not have mind paying that much if it was worth it, but 3 hours later the curls he put in my hair came out & he cut it a lot shorter then I wanted it and now it looks really choppy. I am just very disappointed because I had been a loyal customer since he first started and feel very let down.***I SAW THE COMMENT WHERE THEY ARE ASKING ME TO BE TRUTHFUL SO I POSTED A PICTURE SHOWING HOW MUCH THEY CHARGED ME BECAUSE IT FOR SURE WAS NOT $70***
5	Sooooo happy I waited to fix my hair (from Hawaii to Vegas!).  MAYRA is seriously a hair genious.  She took my super orange messed up ombre and did EXACTLY what I wanted.  She's bomb!  I've been folowing this salon and Mayra on Instagram for a while and they totally know what they're doing.  Definitely hit up this salon if you're in Vegas.  Location isn't that great but this place is a gem.
