5	I recently went to Bev with my two dogs Mojo and Luna. Although they had a tight schedule they were willing to work my dogs in. They really are a mom and daughter team that obviously love animals and I knew instantly that Mojo and Luna were going to be okay. I had tried to cut their hair myself and realized it was going to take a lot more skill than mine. Even though Luna had a bad hair cut going in, she came out looking great. They both walked out with little bandanas and a smile on their faces, (Cause I know when they're happy :-)
5	My dogs Oreo and Gizmo have been going to Bev for four years.  She is the only groomer one of my pups has gone to and the other has been going to her since he was like 6 months old.  I always recommed her to anyone  who asks me.  I hear horror stories from other people about groomers.  I am thankful I have never had that with Bev. My boys always look great and never have cuts.I love the fact that Bev always checks exactly what I want done with their hair and what number to call when my boys are ready. She also takes the time to answer any questions that I have.  I drop my boys off in the morning and get a phone call when they are ready to go home.  Sometimes they are ready as soon as 12 pm and if she is super busy around 2 pm.  She is closed on Sunday and Mondays are by appointment only.  She does welcome walk-ins but I highly recommend making an appointment a few days in advance especially around holidays.  Thanks Bev and Kayla!!!
5	I was taking my Irish wolf hound to Petsmart for a few months. For what they were charging, it wasn't worth it. Dakota was dirty in the mouth region still and it seemed like the hair cut was washed. I live right next to Bevs and decided to try it out. Best possible place. Very friendly and Dakota is very well taken care of. Her hair is soft along with clean and she is very happy always. Great place to take a dog, big or small
5	We've taken both of our dogs there, a Maltese mix and a Cocker Spaniel. They listened to our desires for the cut style and special concerns (the Maltese often gets razor burns on his privates when going to the groomer). Our Maltese cut was as asked for and cute and he wasn't constantly licking his wounds like he would at another groomer. Our Cocker Spaniel was cut cleanly but still with a long skirt and pretty as ever. I feel Bev and her daughter do really care about our "children" and they do a great job at a reasonable price.
5	You've seen those cute little foo foo dogs with pom poms on their legs and their head, painted nails, bows, perfume. Or those long flowing locks of hair that look like they stepped out of a shampoo ad? That quality of work is what you get when you visit All Dogs Go to Bev. She has over 30 years experience and making dogs beautiful is second-hand to her. She and her daughter Kayla work as a team and not only charge a fair price but produce high quality poochie-dos. I wish I still lived in Las Vegas so that I could still take my dog to see them. For those of you that do, go. You will not be disappointed.
5	Desperately needed to take Rocko to the groomer but having moved away from my old one, I didn't want to drive across town. Found Bev on here, called to see if they could squeeze him in today. Fantastic service, very pleasant to deal with, and my pup looks great. Hard to find someone who does a great schnauzer cut, and he looks amazing. :)
5	First and foremost. I was there when the person who gave them 1 star and complained about the door hitting them and what not. That didn't happen. Also, that review was left by an employee of the business next door to them, not a customer. I don't know what there beef is, but it's still a bogus review. There are many groomers in Las Vegas. Most I'm guessing deserve a 4 star rating. The reason we continue to return here is simple. When you walk into Bev, it's obvious they are a small operation.  That being said, they don't pack their kennels full of pets awaiting pick up or grooming. All dogs are treated separately with equally high attention. This is due to their ability to keep the scheduling tight yet not overloaded. Quality not quantity like other corporate groomers. We watch our dogs behavior closely. Never have we had the feeling they were treated poorly in any way through the process. It's never easy to leave you're little heart warmers behind for even the 4 hours it takes to be groomed. I should mention it's 4 hours for us as we have 3 and our smallest is under 5 lbs. Her name is Samba and she's just 2 years old now. My wife and I have difficulty even lifting her lips to inspect her teeth on occasion. Yet the kind folks at Bev are able to shave her chin very short with no trauma. How do I know this? Because when we pick them up all three dogs seem proud to show off their new look and fresh smell. Complete with bows and or scarfs if you like. All 3 cost 100$. We always tip. If you don't believe me, feel free to walk into the reception area and watch them work for a bit. Customer service - A+As long as we live in Vegas... Our dogs go to Bev.
5	I found All dogs here on yelp. This is the 1st time I have owned a dog that needs to be groomed on a regular basis and wasn't sure where to take him. I was going to call a few different places for pricing and tried All Dogs first. The girl that answered was very nice and accommodating and their prices seemed fair so I booked an appointment for Russ to go in the next day without even calling any other groomers. When we took him in the staff was very nice and all the dogs that were there seemed happy and they looked good. After a couple hours at the doggy salon Russ looks like a brand new dog! He's super clean and fluffy and cut to the perfect length. I would definitely recommend All Dogs Go To Bev!
5	It was today that I took my little dog Susan to the groomers here at All Dogs Go To Bev.  I had tried to take her to my regular groomer, but unfortunately they don't have their groomer on the weekend.  Bev and Kayla her daughter were both able to take us on such short notice.  They were so kind and sweet to my dog Susan.  She even let me know what's wrong with my dog's anal gland which I knew was irritating her since the morning, but I had no idea why.  The cut was exactly what I asked for, they were very detailed with her belly, private area, her paws, and nails.
5	I absolutely Love "All Dogs Go To Bev"...I am always greeted with fast friendly service, they treat my puppy Nellis with such care & attention. I greatly appreciate that. I could not think of taking him anywhere else! Thanks Again Ladies!!
5	I've gone to a number of groomers in town in the last two years. I must say that I was never fully happy with the results. Two months ago we moved into the area where All Dogs is located. Before I made an appointment I check their yelp page here. I ignored the strange woman's comments about something that had NOTHING to do with dog grooming. She never even set foot into the business. Anyways.....I made the appointment and dropped Sophie (our baby bichon) off on Saturday morning @ 8am. My first impression was a very small family type business with personalized care. I finished most of my errands by 11am and called to see if she was ready to be picked up. I was told they just finished her, and she was ready to be picked up. I was amazed, and a little concerned that it was only three hours later. All of the other groomers I've been to took at least five to complete. That's one of the nice things about this place. It's a small, independent business that can provide quick turn around because they don't take in a ton of dogs like the larger groomers. I feel that they have to rush through each dog just to get them all done. Another thing I really like about this place is that when you walk in, you can see the whole establishment - there is no back room where they take the dogs. No mysterious dungeon where they linger and wilt.So I went back and got Sophie and was in SHOCK!! They did what no other groomer I had gone to could do. They made her look beautiful :) The fur on her back was all of one length. Her feet were perfectly rounded and the nails were cut well. She is like silk now. Also she didn't leave reeking of perfume, which always felt like a diversionary tactic for me from the other groomers.I wasn't going to do a review, mostly because I don't want anyone else to know about this place :) but I was SO satisfied I think everyone should know. Definitely give them a try.
5	These ladies are wonderful!  I took my Yorkie and Frenchie in for their first time and once I got them back they were all smiles and looked even cuter after being groomed.  The Yorkie's cut was adorable.I just recently moved and these ladies also referred me to a good vet and vaccination clinic.The pricing is very affordable also, I'm proud to say they earned a new customer :)
5	This place is amazing! Love how it is a small family owned operation. They always keep note of how I like my dog's hair groomed and of any specific request and try there best to satisfy me and my dogs needs. My dog gets very loud and crazy around other dogs but as soon as she walks into bevs she is so calm and doesn't even bark. Before bevs I would try at home hair cuts for my fur baby but she would fuss and put up a fight. I was so surprised when I fist took her there and they told me she was such a good girl. My dog looked so cute completely different I was amazed I never thought she could look so good. The prices here are very affordable and well worth it, if asked bows even come with the grooming. My dog walks out of here so happy and always proud of here new hair cut. Plus I get lots of compliments on her and love the attention we get. For this place it's also quality not quantity. So they don't take a lot of dogs in at once and have to rush to finish all of them like most groomers, they take there time. Great service, staff is always friendly and handles my dog with care.  They wash, blow dry, cut her nails and cut her hair that's amazing!!!
5	I had been looking for a place to take my baby, I've had some bad experiences in the past so I have some bad trust issues. As I said I've been looking.....for a while.... So my puppy was VERY DIRTY, very matted, her hair was so long and it's super curly so it mats really bad. My mom dropped her off, when I went to pick her up I was......in shock.. First of all the girls are all very nice, I had talked to one or 2 on the phone and I got nothing but less than excellent customer service and help. I had called a few days before to see if they had any appointments that day and they didn't which I honestly didn't expect anyway with such short notice. I ended up making an appointment on my next day off which was today Saturday 13th, I just couldn't be happier with their work. Like I said before I've had some bad experiences such as dropping off my baby and picking her up with little cuts on her or her skin being very irritated and red if not bloody, with all dogs of to Bev? PERFECT WORK, I examined her from head to paws, to tail to tummy to everything.... Nothing wrong with her, no irritation, no cuts. Clean perfect haircut. Very affordable for the quality of work they do. Needless to say baby and mommy are VERY HAPPY!!!! I'll try to upload a picture as soon as I can.Thanks All Dogs Go To Bev, Pelusa will be back soon!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	I decided to bring my little baby here after reading reviews and I'm very glad I did. My dog looks very cute and he's so happy after visiting the groomers. They finished earlier than I expected. I am definitely bringing my dog here again!
5	These ladies are the best! Never turn down an appointment even if your late. Always do fabulous work. Reasonable prices.
5	My groomer has been closed and my poor simba was super in need of a grooming . I started looking and came across all dogs go to Bev here on yelp, read their reviews and decided to give them a call. Called a day before to make an appointment they made it very easy . I was nervous but was super surprised when I came back shortly after to find my simba all cute ! I will totally be returning thank guys !!
