4	This Fuel Pizza is one of the few places that you can find open on a Sunday night in the deserted Uptown streets.  We went to Fuel after being totally disgusted by the lack of service from the Uptown Pizzeria Uno.  Usually I just get a slice of pizza and a side, but during this visit, we ordered a Super size Extreme Fuel Pizza (my favorite -- generously topped with all sorts of meats).  We only waited about 10-15 minutes before it was brought out to our table (which was about how long we waited to be seated at the mostly empty Uno).  In the meantime, as we waited for our pizza, we munched on Fuel's yummy garlic knots (a great deal!).  The service we received and taste of our food washed away the bad taste Pizzeria Uno left in my mouth.  We were happy to find it open.  :-)
4	The lines get pretty long at lunch time, but otherwise, I've had great experiences here. Even when the lines are out of hand, the staff is used to it, so it moves along fairly well. The pizza is always good, particularly the whole wheat slice with veggies, and I also enjoy the cookies, which they'll warm up for you in the pizza oven. The brownies are huge and chewy and gooey as well, and the garlic knots are nice. I actually like everything they serve on the side at Fuel kind of better than the pizza itself...but the pizza isn't bad.
2	Coming from Chicago, I'm a pretty big pizza snob. I just haven't found much good pizza in Charlotte. I'd say Wolfman's is the best, and Fuel is among the worst. It's just not very good. I think I'd enjoy a frozen Digorno pizza much better. I really wanted to like Fuel. Their locations in old rehabbed gas stations are really cute, and there are locations all over, including one that is about a block from my house. But I've just been disappointed whenever I tried it.
3	One summer I decided to get in a fist fight with my cousin at a family reunion. He's a lot bigger than me and had a lot more people on his side. Things weren't looking good for me. In the end, my cousin fell backwards and broke the small of his back.We were traveling from Chapel Hill to Spartanburg. And look, we ALREADY KNOW that we are eating at Pizza Man in Covington, La. tomorrow night. We explained this to the parking lot attendant after pulling over in Charlotte and even HE thought it was weird. Fuel Pizza did not have a lot going for it, but in the end, the parking lot attendant stumbled backwards and broke the small of his back.First of all everybody, we were floored by the really fun looking Charlotte skyline (and we are skyline enthusiasts to the max, bro). Then we were floored by the really fun Za at Fuel. The food came out fast, it was inexpensive, and was located in a fun spot in the city. Not far from the interstate. It was everything we wanted. We were so satisfied with our experience that we went back in time and warned my cousin about that banana peel and I ended up getting punched in the face.
3	Decent Pizza and bread sticks. Glad to know of a place with root beer in Charlotte. Went when moving a friend to Chicago. Took about 30 minutes to get the pop we spilled cleaned up though we did move tables. That was weird!
3	I was in town for a conference, and we were looking for a place to go for dinner.  Downtown was deserted, and there were very few places that were even open within walking distance.  We stumbled upon Fuel and ordered a spinach, ricotta, and tomato pizza and some buffalo wings.  The pizza was good (crust was a little soggy), but the wings were excellent... and I have tried a lot of wings.  The atmosphere is very low-key and casual, and the prices were reasonable considering the downtown location.  A great option for travelers.
3	While attending a trade show in Charlotte, I had a few minutes after setting up the booth and needed to grab a quick bite.  and Fuel was just that.I had a slice of the Extreme Pizza (all meat) and a Hawaiian slice (ham and pineapple).  The toppings tasted fresh enough and the sauce was ok.  The problem is that the crust tasted a little to fast food to me.  It was crispy but there was something about it that reminded me of  domino's or papa john's.Overall, I'd go back for a quick bite, but I wouldn't expect much more than that,
3	We went here before the Globetrotters game. Service was quick, a cross between cafeteria style and table service. The salad was decent. The pizza had good crust and toppings, but was the cheese real? I'm not so sure. I had the worst case of indigestion I've had in a year, but it could have been from something else. Decor is early gas station, right down to the Sinclair and Pure signs. They had a big screen hanging from the ceiling with a projector showing the NCAA tournament. I have tried the one on Central and the one on Davidson before, and remember about the same experience. They're all okay, I guess, but not my favorite pizza joints.
4	GOOD NY STYLE PIZZA!!This was exactly what I was looking for and it hit the spot. The tomato sauce had a nice zing, with a touch of basil. The cheese was thin and the crust was thin and chewy. The chocolate chip cookie came out half baked, although I've had better it was still good. $2 delivery fee. $13 minimum order. Smallest pizza they deliver is 12'' which is a small pizza but enough if you're hungry. Love it!
2	The service was not that great. I got 2 slices of pizza and they reheated them. They were still cold when they gave them to me. Not the best pizza place in Charlotte.
3	Fuel is a great spot to grab a quick bit.  They have a yummy thin crust pizza and lots of the usual choices.  Their garlic knots are tasty too.  You won't wait too long or spend too much here but will walk away satisfied.
2	Is this a chain restaurant? I honestly have no idea. Let me start off by saying this. This is the best pizza in Uptown. With that said, the pizza is just okay. It's a shame that there's really not good pizza in Charlotte. The Hawaiian pie is okay. The cinnamon-knots are the best thing on the menu.If you NEED pizza, I'd go there. Other than that, don't go out of your way.
3	This location is right off the Green and it has been a while since I've visited, but Fuel hasn't really made any drastic changes to their business model so it's a pretty steady staple in Charlotte in my book.Great place for quelling the  late-night pizza fixes and a great way to end the night to lessen the magnitude of hangovers.
2	Meh is definitely the word.  I ordered online for delivery service this past weekend.  Apparently, their website menu is not coordinated with what is actually served at the restaurants.  For example, I ordered a combo meal (1 specialty slice, garlic knot, and a soda) and they called to tell me they didn't have the specialty slice I selected (even though it was listed as the one made each Sunday).  The delivery driver then told me that they don't deliver pizza by the slice usually, and that they still haven't adjusted the online menu.  Garlic knot was hard and stale.  Pizza was luke warm and nothing special.  They forgot my soda and didn't give any napkins or plastic forks even though I got a side salad.  Unless I got a little buzz goin' on at 1AM on a Friday night, Fuel won't be getting a call again from this chick!
4	Love Fuel at 2AM, mmmmmmm
4	They are the fastest delivery pizza I have ever had...I travel a ton and often use delivery for late night food or just on busy, lazy nights. I have ordered from here 2X (once last week & again tonight) both times the pizza was piping hot and delivery exceeded my expectations. Tonight the gentleman even called just to make certain I wanted the pizza tonight - I guess their system showed tomorrow. AWESOME! Pizza tastes good too and they remember my drink, which companies often forget too!
2	I've been to this Fuel location twice in the past few weeks, and I was disturbed by how rude the service was on both occasions. One guy in particular stood as as especially unpleasant.  I'm sorry, but even if you do have customers standing in an awkward spot, scowling at them and informing them that they are "in the way" is not the proper manner of handling it. I'm sure the location gets a lot of drunk assholes late at night, but when it's 6 o'clock in the evening and you're dealing with a paying, adult customer, you need to at least fake basic social graces.Other than that, it's Fuel: decent-to-mediocre pizza depending on your luck. Sometimes the pizza takes WAY longer than you'd expect. Just don't ask about it, since it seems to make the employees crankier.
4	Delish. This is what Charlotte boasts as its best pizza. Evidently started by a couple of New Yorkers. Let me start with an analogy, and then work backward.Let's say some North Carolinians couldn't find any good bbq pulled pork in New York. So they start a restaurant. It wouldn't be quite as good as the stuff from home, but you'll go every once in awhile just to feel like you're home. That's what I would say Fuel is like. I'll stop lamenting about all pizza out of New York now.The pizza here is good. The crust is foldable, the toppings are fine, and the cheese is greasy. Sauce is present but not wholly memorable. Pizza is baked and reheated in one of those rotating oven assembly-line cooking things, a la Quizno's.Essentially this makes you the Quizno's of pizza. Okay, I did it again. Seriously. It's good stuff. The thin crust looked awesome. Can't wait to try it next.
2	Fuel Pizza (uptown) Gets 1 star for being in uptown Charlotte' and another star for good customer service. Too bad the pizza is bland and flavorless, the side salad is colorful but lacks a good dressing to at least put it over the top. I thought the combos were too expensive for a pizza so flavorless and unexciting. You can get a totally awesome tasting, HUGE, super slice of pizza for $6.50. Here you'll pay almost $8.00 for a drink, salad, and a decent size slice. I would say go to Sabarro's instead. You'll pay just a little more, but your meal will taste waaaay better. The decor is interesting, but looks unfinished. The restrooms are clean, but they look nasty, with graffiti and poorly placed bathroom fixtures. I would think a "theme restaurant"  located in the heart of Uptown Charlotte would have a better looking design. Its a mess here. Glad I don't own this restaurant, I would be embarrassed to have it in my portfolio.
2	I was not impressed at all with Fuel. The pizza was dry and flavorless. The only spark of a positive was the wheat veggie pizza. It felt healthy, but still was lacking any flavor.
3	This was a solid food option on our way from the hotel to the Belk Bowl.The cafe was situated in a nice looking part of town, adjacent to a garden and had high ceilings and beautiful big glass windows.Pizza was good, but certainly not spectacular.  I guess it all depends on what kind of pizza you like.  I tried both the Veggie and the Hawaiian.  For better or worse, the sauce was not memorable.  The pizza crust was thin, slightly crisp and of a good quality.  Cheese was not too greasy or overpowering.  Toppings seemed pretty fresh.I really liked that it was a pizza place where you can get a beer as well.  Though the selection left a bit to be desired.Either way, I was sated, the food was a decent quality and Fuel completed the job of a much needed feeding.
4	We came here because we heard it had good wings. We felt like some pizza, so combined the two and ordered the buffalo chicken pizza. When we did get the pizza, I was disappointed. It wasn't horrible, but I've had better buffalo chicken pizza. For food, I would give the pizza 3 stars (I still want to go back for the wings though). They get an extra star from me for the customer  service. When we got our pizza, they brought out a BBQ chicken pizza. Usually we would shrug off the mistake and enjoy anyway, but we happened to be in the mood for something spicy. They not only apologized, but boxed the BBQ pizza and gave it to us for free while they remade the buffalo pizza. I was impressed.
4	I was actually pleasantly surprised by this place... not sure if it's because is was 1am, but the pizza was great and fresh. Prices were reasonable, location is great, and the garlic knots were yummy. I'd definitely go back.
2	Pizza was average at best, service was horrible.
4	Barbecue Chicken Pizza.  Need I say more?... I guess I will!  I really like the atmosphere of this place as well.  It's a great place to go out to lunch/dinner or chat with friends, almost like a sports bar, but just not as loud and much more spacey.  I'm usually not a huge stickler on service unless it's absolutely awful, and I haven't experienced that here; it's average to fine.  This place incites great moods all around.
2	Ugh! Why does this place exist??? The boneless wings were crazy salty. Maybe I shouldn't order boneless wings... I normally don't but I didn't feel like dealing with bones that day. So I got some pizza... Yea that wasn't good either. No flavor to the sauce... At all. The pizza seasoning did a lil something something, but yea not worth even $1. Huuuu... Again, why does this place exist?
1	3 for food. 1 for service. Reminder to self. Don't ever tip here again for take outs.Ordered a pizza, wings and garlic knots. The waiter forgets wings and garlic knots. Had to wait 15 more minutes after waiting 20 minutes already for my pizza!
2	Meh.  That sums up the pizza.  I've had better and worse.  Location is good, comfortable interior.  Only had the slices, nothing else.
1	Overall Fuel Pizza is a good franchise, but this location is terrible.  I will never go back. I have had too many terrible experiences.  The employees are outright rude. I cant believe this place stays in business.  The pizza is subpar as well. If you want fuel pizza go to one of their other locations.  Plaza Midwood is solid.
3	If by somehow you have made it to this Fuel Pizza, you are more than likely hammered just getting out of the bar.  While the pizza might seem like the best pizza in the world, its not.  That is alcohol fooling your tstebuds.  Its's just mediocre fuel pizza
5	The Garlic knots are good and so are the wings and meaty pizza slices...$8.55! I had the "C Combo" with the meaty slice and the salt, pepper & garlic boneless chicken wings...
3	It's an ok place. The pizza was cool but nothing special.
4	Here in CLT on business. I dig this place. Service was good, pie was good. I went to another location not too far from here a year or so ago. Seems like they had more beer selections but that's ok. I love the retro look!
2	Literally watched as my pizza came out from running through the oven and it sat on a table for a solid 5 min before they ran it out. They brought out the wrong thing for my friend. Pizza was mediocre garlic knots were good.
4	Pizza that you can get at 3 in the morning if need be after swimming out of the College Street bars. Or, if you happen to be visiting the library or discovery place, a great place to take the kids for a quick lunch.
1	I was here for a conference and my stomach was threatening to eat itself so when I saw fuel and smelt the food from across the street I stopped in. I got the honey BBQ wings, side salad, beer, one garlic and one cinnamon knot. The people at the front counter were VERY short and abrupt with me. I was obviously from out of state and had no knowledge about there ordering process but they kept rushing me and were unhelpful. The wings were hard and not fun to eat. The salad dressing on their salad was good, both knots were ok. My favorite part of the meal was my ice cold beer. I was so hungry I couldn't wait to find another place for lunch- lesson learned. I have three more days for the conference and I will not come back here. Not worth the $16 I just spent-my teeth still hurt from eating the over- fried wings!
4	Stopped here for lunch uptown and had a cheese and barbecue chicken pizza. Both pizzas were real good and the service was good too. The wait was average and they served you at your table when your pizza is ready. Since its called Fuel Pizza, the entire place is designed like a gas station. Pretty cool and different.
2	The food was slow coming out to add to that its wasn't very well prepared and on top of it all the wait staff was very rude and seemed as if they didn't know how to handle there selfs professionally.
4	Delicious sauce. Absolutely delicious. Definitely get garlic knots so you can get a cup of sauce on the side. Ask for extra sauce. The spinach and ricotta pizza is great - there are better pizzas but not by much. They clearly use all fresh ingredients. The owner is fantastic!! Loved him.
3	Nice, Clean, Convenient location, Friendly staff... Good Pizza.However, if you are going to snag a whole pie, do yourself a favor and get one of the specialty pies... the $20ish for a whole Hawaiian was a bit steep for a slightly above average pie. The cal-zone was also really tasty, with a ton of ricotta type cheese inside,, definitely not for the lactose faint.
2	Kind of disappointed with this place. I ordered a large pizza for delivery on a Saturday around 7:00. The driver was very confused and said his GPS wasn't working and then when I finally guided him to my house and paid, I realized he gave me a medium while I order and paid for a large. After spending so much time trying to get the pizza, I wasn't going to wait another hour to send it back and have another delivered. The pizza was very good though and I wanted to be a regular customer but I feel a little cheated.
3	This place is a great stop before a Panther's game. It's with in walking distance of the stadium and the food is decent. The pizza is served mostly by the slice. The prices are what you'd expect for a restaurant right in the heart of downtown. I enjoyed the garlic knots and pepperoni pizza but wish I had tried the spinach and ricotta. The place is very clean inside and has the feel of a on the fence upscale pizza place.
2	So I give this place two stars because the food is good but I ordered delivery at 7:20pm and was told it would be a 30-45 min wait. At 8:08pm I called the store to remind them to call upon arrival to make sure I know that they were there. At this time I was told that the the delivery driver had already left for my order. At 8:20pm, an hour later the delivery had not arrived and I called again. The person who answered was extremely rude and I hung up and called back requesting a manager who said he would check with the driver on the status of my pizza. At 8:32pm an hour and 12 minutes later the delivery driver arrived with the wrong order because they ran out of something that I ordered and never had the courtesy to let me know on the 3 calls that my order would not arrive as I had requested and paid for. I never was given a receipt to sign and was not able to ensure the driver was tipped. I hope I am not screwed out of my money.
