5	Kind, gentle doctor who did the actual cleaning. very professional, high tech equipment. the receptionist was very nice and professional as well. i will absolutely go back and highly recommend all to him.
5	I've had a horrible track record with dentists and orthodontists in the past.  Dr. Parsanko was the first dentist I've run into who invested extra energy in making the process as painless and comfortable as possible. He has an excellent rapport, is gentle, knowledgeable and thorough.  Nice facility with modern equipment. Easily the best dentist i've ever been to.
5	Best dentist ever, very friendly and great comfortable service.  My Wife works close to the office and has referred many people and they are all happy as well.
5	One of the best dental experiences in a long time. I went for Invisalign and he was very clear about what to expect with the process. Visits were quick and efficient, and Rhonda is friendly and very helpful!
5	Best dentist I've ever been to.  Excellent service and the office has a warm and pleasant feeling.  Dr. Parsanko is a true professional.  I recommend him every chance I get.
5	I cannot stop saying wonderful things about Dr. Parsanko and his office! This is by far the best dentist experience I have ever had, and I do not want to go anywhere else! The office is beautiful and clean. It's very high tech!Dr. Parsanko is caring, professional, honest, and overall a wonderful person and dentist. I trust him completely! He has never tried to up-sell me, and he has been truthful about everything. When I had a chipped tooth, his pricing was fair, and he was upfront about the process. He explained everything he was doing while he was doing it and made me feel very comfortable.Thanks so much, Dr. Parsanko!
5	Really a great dental practice. He explains things better than any other dentist I've ever been too, and has a great staff to assist along the way. I also really liked that he looked at my teeth and x-ray and didn't see anything additional I needed, so he didn't try and upsell me.He was the one that actually did my cleaning too...something else I've never experienced.  (Usually its the hygenist, and then the Dr. checks you out real quick before you go.)  It feels like this is the way dentistry should be...
5	These guys are great!  Dr. Parsanko is not only a nice guy but fast, painless, and professional!  I highly recommend Dr. Parsanko and his staff to anyone.  Great find!
5	Loved going to the dentist as a kid and then had a bad experience as an adult and was terrified to try someone new...But Dr. Parsanko is phenomenal! I just got back from one of the best dental experiences! He and his team are so incredibly friendly! He cleaned my teeth himself which I was impressed by. He was very thorough in explaining everything to me and honestly could not have been nicer. He even walked me to the door when I was done. Hello?!?! What dentist does that?!? So great! Highly recommend!
5	The best dental experience I've ever had. Dr. Parsanko himself cleaned my teeth, and he was very thorough and gentle. The staff was very courteous and professional.
5	After avoiding the dentist for far too long, I put my fear aside and decided to give Dr. Parsanko a try based on the reviews here on Yelp. The scheduling process was a pleasure, as Rhonda is just as nice on the phone as she is in person. Michaela, the dental assistant, is also friendly. Then we have Dr. Parsanko, who is personable and actually performs the dental exam and cleaning himself. I was completely at ease, and I love how they took time to explain and show to me what they saw in the x-rays. The office is lovely and there is even a TV at the exam chair to help distract you. What a great experience!
5	Dr. Parsanko was great! He explained what he was doing and I felt informed without feeling like it was TMI. He also tells you every time it is okay to close your mouth while he is checking your teeth and cleaning them. I usually have a headache when I leave the dentist office, but not this time. Thanks to Dr. Paesanko being so considerate. Rhonda was very nice too and it was very sweet of her to call me to let me know I left my sunglasses :-)
5	Incredible experience!  Dr. Parsanko , Michaela, and Rhonda were extremely friendly.  Dr. Parsanko took the time to discuss any concerns that I had and did a thorough cleaning himself.  The office was very inviting.  This was the BEST dental experience that I have ever had!I highly recommend Dr. Parsanko and his team.
5	I don't typically think about going to the dentist as being an enjoyable experience - or for the dentist to dedicate the entire visit to you, not 10 other patients at the same time.  My experience has just revealed I think I was wrong!  1st off - how many times does a dentist do x-rays, personally clean your teeth, and show areas for improvement.  100% impressed;  I thought I had an amazing dentist before I moved here, now I've experienced better.  To finish off the experience, I even received a hand-written card from the staff signed by Dr. Parsanko.  Another personalized touch from a fellow Michigan graduate.  I'd highly recommend the office for a personable experience!
5	Dr. Parsanko and Rhonda are the most friendly, caring ever.  They are updating the office too.  Highly recommend them!!!!
5	Excellent Experience at the dentist! I am very appreciative of the polite staff and a very experienced Dr. Parsanko- who shows up very professionally, is a polite man and very gentle during the treatments. His years of experience absolutely show up in his work, diagnosis and the recommendations he provided. He was also very patient with answering all my questions and explaining things in an understandable manner.I was pleased that he himself took care of the cleaning part, in the process trying to figure out if there was anything else going on with my teeth. Dr. Parsanko is not the types to upsell at all. Infact, I was freaked out a by another dentist who had suggested an intensive procedure , while Dr. Parsanko thought it was unwarranted and rather suggested alternate ways to combat the problem. I am so glad I went to this clinic and got the right advice!Michaela assists the doctor and is again a very professional and polite. So is Rhonda, patiently helping with all appointment schedules and insurance related queries. I love this team, a dentist office I could look forward to visiting and not be scared of!Thank you Sonoran DD Team!
2	Sonoran Desert Dentistry is a fantastic place for customer service and quality work. Dr. Parsenko did all the work himself, including the cleaning and xrays. The office is very clean and well organized. I would agree with all the previous reviews about the staffs friendliness and professionalism. However, they were by far the most expensive office I have ever seen. What a normal office would charge for a cleaning, exam, and xray - Sonoran Desert Dentistry charged the same for each and every service. My insurance even called me to inquire about a possible scam because they had never seen such high charges. I have a hard time writing this and giving a low score because they were extremely nice - but it is what it is and a business's competitive edge financially is just as important as its customer service. I give them a 5/10 overall.
5	All my life I wanted to have Farrah Fawcett teeth.  I just loved her smile.  I went into see Dr. Parsanko to see if he could make my smile similar to hers. He said he could do it and I knew he had lots of experience.   I set up an appt. and 3 1/2 hours later I had teeth just like Farrah's!!!!  I have been smiling ever since.  I can't stop looking in the mirror at my beautiful smile.  He is a very warm, kind and professional doctor.  My friends all want teeth just like mine!
5	I HATE the dentist, avoid it all costs... not anymore! I had a chipped tooth and I couldn't avoid it any longer. Dr. Parsanko came highly recommended to me by a good friend, so I decided to give him a try. I've now been back 3 times and feel confident in providing a good recommendation.  Let's start with the front office, Rhonda is a sweetheart, she is knowledgeable, helpful and efficient.  I have never had to wait more than 2 minutes from the moment I walked in to get taken back. Dr. Parsanko and his assistant are also top notch. I was told by a previous dentist that I needed a couple fillings replaced and that I had a new cavity. I never went back to that place for the services because I didn't trust the dentist or the front office manager. When I talked to Dr. P about getting these services done, he told me it wasn't necessary, and I didn't have any new cavities. I guess my instinct on the other Dentist was correct. That could have been an easy $600 for him to pocket and he didn't! Another unheard of part of my experience is that the Doc actually cleaned my teeth... I've never had a dentist do it; it's always been an assistant.  I don't want to ramble any more here, but definitely give Dr. P a try, you'll be happy you did.   (And they have been running Yelp Check-In offers, so make sure you check-in!)
5	Sonoran Desert Dentistry has 23 Five Star  Reviews, including my own.  So, to put it differently, that's 23-0-0-1-0!Our family is really impressed with Dr Parsanko and his entire team.  They are very professional, very caring and willing to fit you in for an emergency visit which they did recently.  We have never had any problems with insurance or fees, and their pricing seems inline with what we have paid in other parts of the country where we have lived.I would recommend Dr Parsanko without reservation!
5	Dr. Parsanko and his team are SUPER friendly and very professional!I moved to AZ earlier this year, and had my own orthodontists outside of AZ.  Since traveling for appointments got too difficult I decided to find a dentist in AZ to get my retainers done.  During my first visit, he suggested to re-adjust my existing clear tray a little more to get the best result before making the retainer. And he adjusted my clear tray right then and free of charge.  After taking new molds for my upper and lower teeth, he didn't rush to make me the retainers and made new clear tray himself to further correct a few teeth. Thank you so much Dr. Parsanko! =)   I highly recommend him!!
5	I had been seeing the same Dentist for over 17 years before I moved to AZ. Now that I'm more or less on my own, I also needed to find one that accepted my dental insurance (Delta Dental). All of my old coworkers go to a Dentist in Old Town but their hours did not work for me. I don't like taking time away from work for an appointment unless it's necessary. I turned to Yelp and came across Sonoran Desert Dentistry. I saw that Dr. Parsanko had a lot of great reviews and noticed that some of the people I know are patients of his. I also loved that he had late hours on Tuesdays and Thursdays so I made an appointment right away. It was pretty easy to schedule an appointment for the time that I wanted. I originally made the appointment because I was having some tooth aches. When I made my initial appointment, I told them that I would make another appointment later on for my regular check-up since I was still a few months early. They use a cool program that sends you texts before your appointment comes up so that you can confirm and be reminded of it. I'm really good at keeping my calendar organized but this is great for those who aren't. A few hours before my appointment Rhonda called and asked if I could come in earlier because of a cancellation and that I could also do my regular check-up at the same time. How convenient! The office was easy to find and the waiting room is really nice although I didn't have to wait long. Dr. Parsanko took my x-ray and was with me pretty much the whole time (just like everyone else said). He's very knowledgeable and I can tell that he has a lot of experience. When you check-in, you can get a free bleaching kit. I was a little nervous that it wasn't 100% free, thinking, what's the catch? But there was no catch. In fact, every time I go back, I can get one tube of bleach for free. I have already recommend Dr. Parsanko to a friend and her family because I have nothing but positive things to say about him and his practice. I'm so glad that I found a Dentist that I really like and trust so close to my work and home. I never make follow-up appointments for anything because I'm not sure if I liked who I saw or may not have had a great experience with their office but when I was asked if I wanted to make my next appointment, I said yes!
5	One of the best dentists that I have ever been to. First off all he has a great staff that is extremely courteous and responsive. As far as Dr. Parsanko goes he is very good at what he does. He takes the time to develop a plan with his new patients and explains everything that he is doing during an exam.I highly recommend Sonoran Desert Dentistry.
5	I started going to Dr. Parsanko over a year ago and I have nothing but positive things to say about him and his office staff. I had switched to his practice after a horrible experience with my last dentist and it was so refreshing to find someone who isn't out to crown every tooth in your mouth. Dr. Parsanko takes time to address any concerns you have as well as does a really thorough exam of teeth, gums, and mouth. I most recently needed a crown (after a large filling cracked) and he got me in quickly and it was fairly priced, still expensive, but comparable to other dentist. My whole family has actually started going to him and we have all had positive experiences with our cleanings and dental work. He also has extended office hours on Thursdays which is really helpful if you can't get out of work. His office is also VERY clean and makes going to the dentist not so dreadful.
5	I chose Dr. Parsanko when I moved to Scottsdale because he had great ratings on Yelp and because he took my insurance.  I could not be more pleased.  I use him for myself and my three sons.  He not only has new and modern equipment, he spends time going over everything to where you understand what you are looking at and what it means. In a world where many dentist do unnecessary work just to make a buck, he does not. He is a great dentist, not a salesman.  He is thorough but if you have great teeth and no cavities, guess what?  You are done and get to go home!!  I love this dentist, love h s staff, and highly recommend him!
5	There are not enough words in the English language to praise the awesome ness of this place, the people and the service.  Don't like the dentist? Come here. Think doctors offices will keep you waiting and will treat you like a number, not here. It's as if you have been a long lost family member. They welcome with open arms and service is impeccable. Rhonda is the sweetest and Dr. Parsanko is the most amazing dentist I have ever been to. I had 3 cavities done in one sitting and it was a breeze. Didn't even feel the needle and that is no B.S..  This office has 5 star reviews from everyone that bothers to write a review for a reason, well maybe 10 different reasons, but you get the point.
5	Just went here for the first time today and could not be more satisfied with the service I received! The staff is so incredibly friendly that I actually WANT to be at the dentist office. Dr. Parsanko is so nice and knowledgable and made my visit so pleasant. I went to another dentist in the area for over 15 years, and they were not even comparable to this office. Special shout out to my hygienist (Anna I believe?) who was an absolute sweetheart!Will be coming back for a long time!!
5	I have been to Sonoran Desert Dentistry for years. Dr. Richard is a great dentist ever. He is so nice and very professional. The staffs are very helpful and friendly. The place is super clean and modern.I highly recommend Sonoran Desert Dentistry. Dr. Richard is the Best!
5	I just moved to the Phoenix area and had my first appointment with Sonoran Desert Dentistry last week. They have a very professional and friendly staff and Dr. Parsanko is great. He is by far the best dentist I have ever been to. They are also awesome because they take my employer's insurance (Delta Dental).
5	Dr Parsanko is truly great. As the other reviewers already said, he takes care of the patients himself, asking for any symptom, pain or sensitivity, cheking the teeth, explaining what's the status and everything.Definitely highly recommended!
5	Wow, what a wonderful dental practice!!From the call to make the appointment, to arrival at their swanky digs, to the warm, welcoming reception from the wonderful hygienist and Dr. Parsanko, this was just a fabulous experience!  They're knowledgeable, efficient, and great at communicating clearly.  I felt like I was in good hands, and my whole mouth feels wonderful after the cleaning! It's a beautiful office with modern equipment (big screen tv for entertainment in the chair), just off the 101 at Raintree. I enjoyed an excellent cleaning, with bits of advice about where to concentrate my at-home efforts.  Dr. Prasanko came in to meet me, and again to look at my X-Ray and give me the skinny on my dental status - what a knowledgeable, genuine, pleasant person! I had a clean bill of health, but I'd trust him to fix me up if I didn't. I'm looking forward to my next cleaning, which they have already scheduled and will be emailing and texting to remind me about.
5	This review is especially for people with social interaction issues and dentist fear issues.  This is the place to go.I had no idea all the reasons I hated the dentist until I went to Dr. Parsanko and his practice is so different from every place I've ever been.- social distance/respect.  Dr. P stood and talked to me from a normal distance, asked to look at my problem tooth, approached looked at it and then walked back to where he was standing to talk about what we were going to do.  I have never had that happen.  It made me realize that part of my dental visit stresses/fears had to do with staff (dentists or assistants) crowding me.  We're all already in a submissive position - laying out there with our mouths open, so standing and sitting too close while telling you what's wrong with your teeth (and it's probably your fault) is more frightening.  I know this sounds like a dumb issue, but not to me.  And I actually didn't realize it was an issue until someone finally made me feel comfortable by standing back when he didn't need to be up in my teeth.  Thank you Dr P!- respect during procedure - these two things have been mentioned in other reviews, but bear repeating:1) He tells you what he's doing before he does it, usually while your jaw is in a resting position.  At every single step - not just 'we're going to fill this tooth now" but every little prep step.  "I'm going to apply this stuff xyz to this area abc" Then you open, he does it.  And you rest again for a few seconds while he says what he's about to do next.2) Regular resting of your jaw during the procedure.  It probably costs him an extra minute or two to let a person rest his/her jaw so often for a few seconds, but it makes you feel better, and you don't have jaw fatigue later.- just the way he treats you.  Some of these have been said before:o  doesn't make you wait for him.  He prides himself on seeing people on time and on letting them know how long things will take.  I asked him why he has this great reputation for on time service and he said, "I just think about how I want to be treated as a patient.  I don't want to be waiting in the waiting room for an hour for a doctor."o  I told him my last attempt to start seeing a dentist began and ended after a visit I found very stressful and strangely painful just to get a whole bunch of xrays.  And he said, "of course typical xrays are painful for you, it's the shape of your palate/teeth/etc."  Frankly I don't remember exactly what he said, I was in such shock that I'm in my 40s and I've always hated xrays and someone finally explained why it's particularly painful for me.  Again, it's like he sees what it would be like to be you the patient and then explains things to you as he understands them with his dental wisdom.OK, so I had a few tears on the way in (I get dental stress easily!) and more in the car when I left - but that's my dental hangup stuff.  I tell you that just so you know how stressful it is for me.  But seriously, there's no one ever who has treated me better or made me feel more at ease in the dentist's office.  Highly highly recommend.
5	I have been to a few dentists in Scottsdale,  but he and his staff are by far the best!  They have a beautiful office and warm friendly staff.
4	I am new to the Scottsdale area and was looking for a new dentist for a routine cleaning. So I turned to Yelp for some recommendations - and I can say that the reviews were spot on with my experience.  Definitely the most thorough teeth cleaning I've ever had. Dr Parsanko took his time and sat me down to review my X-ray before my cleaning and made sure I had no questions or concerns. He did all the work him himself and was very gentle - unlike my past dental experiences. Office is very nice, clean and updated, and the staff was very welcoming. Printed off the website homepage and redeemed the free Sprinbrush Pro toothbrush! I highly recommend this office to anyone looking for a dentist!
5	The people there are WONDERFUL- I have never had anything but a stellar experience there.  I recommend them to everyone, this is the last dentist I will ever need!
5	Simply fabulous!!!  They took great care to make a seven year old's experience a joyful one.  She loves the dentist, and she had two fillings.  Dr. Parsenko explained everything in detail, but easily for a little girl to understand.  My husband saw him as well, and received the same caring treatment.  And did I mention the front desk and staff were friendly, warm and attentive.
5	Joan HIf you have ever hesitated to go to the dentist, put your fears aside. This practice is amazing. Competent , caring staff. Dr. Parsanko really listens to his patients and addresses their concerns. He always tells you what he is going to do so there are no surprises and always checks to make sure you are comfortable. My only regret is not finding this fantastic practice sooner.
5	Excellent as always.
5	As expected...perfect  dentale experience from Rhonda, Anna and Dr. P.,    How lovely to look forward to going to the dentist!!
5	I hadn't seen a dentist in over a year since I was new to the area. The process was extremely simple, they got me in right away and the dentist cleaned my teeth! Typically it's a dental assistant which I don't I mind at all, but the attention they provide to new patients is top notch!
5	What a wonderful experience! I have been jumping from dentist to dentist for the last 5 years. I am happy to say I have found a place to stay!
5	What I like most about this dental office is that Dr. Parsanko and his staff put me at ease during my visit. I usually get very anxious, but this visit was efficient and pleasant.
5	Today was my 2nd visit to Sonoran Dentistry and it was a wonderful experience. Some of the things I love is that they text you a couple days in advance to remind you & the staff is always welcoming. Ginger is awesome, she's been my hygienist both times and has been a very pleasant and gentle. I've also had great experiences with Dr. Pansanko as well. I was recommended to this dentistry from my boss because of issues with up selling by my previous dentist & needed a change. Not disappointed with my decision. Thank you again! See you in 6 months!
5	I just got my teeth clean and this dentistry is great! The staff is very friendly and nice even if you haven't been to a dentist in far too long. This group has put all of my fears to ease and I'll be a regular now.
5	After having awful experiences in phoenix with rude dentists who drill for money and invent cavities/issues, my wife and I are SO happy with Dr Parsanko. He and his staff are excellent! They are very friendly and welcoming, give thorough exams and explain every step of what they are doing. Definitely 5 out of 5 stars and we are very happy with this office.
5	I had a wonderful experience today w/ Dr. Parsanko and his great office staff! Anna did my cleaning and was fantastic! Finally found a wonderful dentist! :-)
5	After reading the reviews here on Yelp , I scheduled an appointment with the dentist.  These reviews are SPOT ON!  This place rocks!
5	My son, husband, and I have all had a great experience at Sonoran Desert Dentistry!  I highly recommend their office for the whole family!
1	I do not know why this place got such good reviews, I'm pretty sure it's a scam. I've been to many dentists due to clinical rotations, and would buy a ticket back to my dentist in Texas before coming here. Yes the dentist will bring his own patients back, and do the X-rays, which people obviously think it's great. But it's only to get you in and out quickly. I look for quality care, not convenience and quantity. In addition, no matter what goes on in your personal life, say a relative gets sick, you will be paying a $75 fee. However, because of this, I choose to find a new dentist that fits my needs. Good luck!
