5	Same location as the old KODE salon, but with a new name and attitude! My girl Rosa is still there and she's awesome!Friendly atmosphere with free soda, coffee, and...wait for it...BEER! Stop on in, grab a cold one, and kick back and get pampered!
5	Daisy is doing an incredible job with growing the salon and building a most excellent staff of stylists.
5	Daisy has been my go-to for almost a year now, and I couldn't be happier. I needed a haircut a week before my wedding and decided to trust my fate to Daisy based on all of her great reviews when the salon was still named KODE. Needless to say, she didn't disappoint! Great, stylish cut for a very reasonable price. Highly recommended!!
5	Been seeing Alice for 2 years, first at ChaCha, now at Union. I refuse to get a hair cut by anyone else. She understands exactly what I want done with my hair every time, and delivers!   She has talent when it comes to hair, and a great personality to boost! As for the salon, pleasant interior, welcoming atmosphere.
5	I travel 72 miles one way to have my hair cut and colored here, that should say enough about how awesome this place is.  I had my hair destroyed by a local stylist and decided to give this place a try due to its rating here on yelp!  Liz picked up the day I called so that is who I went with!  She is amazing!  She is fixed my cut and has since made me into the fabulous redhead I am today (something previous salons had told me they couldn't do to my dark brown hair!).  She is funny and friendly, but clearly is talented at her profession.  I love that I can get an excellent cut in a laid back, friendly atmosphere.  There is always great tunes and plenty of beverage cold beverage choices.
5	I can't say enough great things about the staff, the location, the QUALITY of service and my girl, Alice. So, I'll let the rating speak for itself. This is THE best place in town to get your hair done.
5	They treat you very well. Plus bicycle benefits! Jamie is my go-to stylist. She does a great job and is always a pleasure to chat with.
5	Jamie.  That is all you need to know.If you read my reviews, I am one of the MOST picky (not sure if that is proper English) hair person ever. I have heavy curls and my hair is really difficult to cut. She did an amazing job. She listened to what I said but also added suggestions. I obviously appreciate this as she is the expert. I was SO happy with her and I finally found a new hair place. Try this place out. You will not regret it.
