4	I had a full set of pink and white acrylics done, and Ann did a fantastic job.  My mom also came with me for a manicure and pedicure, she ended up getting only a pedicure.  There was quiet a line and she didn't want to take up too much time.  She enjoyed the young lady that did her pedicure as well.  I will absolutely be returning for a fill in a couple of weeks.
2	My girlfriend and I came here for a pedicure last Saturday since she lives right around the corner. When we walked in, there appeared to be a wait, so we asked how long the wait would be before we opted to stay. There were two female technicians doing manicures and one male technician doing the pedicure. One of the women told us 15-20 minutes so we decided to wait. The guy started up the foot baths and invited us to have seat and soak our feet while we waited. 35 minutes later and he is just coming over to start on my feet. The guy was really slow and kept doublechecking what he was doing. I am not sure how often he does pedicures. About 25 minutes into it, he was getting ready to start on the leg massage at which point I asked that he paint my nails because I couldn't stay much longer. This whole time my friend was still waiting on her pedicure (50 minutes) soaking her feet. About the end of my fast-forward pedi, one of the nail technicians came over to start on my friend and apologized to both of us for the wait and how long it took. And the weird thing was that the polish I chose ended up being way lighter on my toes than it looked in the bottle. So, not only was I not able to receive the full pedicure but I didn't get the color I wanted. Yes, I could have asked them to change the polish but I didn't have enough time. Had the wait truly been 15-20 minutes, this would have been a non-issue. The basic pedi was $21. For that price, I have had better pedis but I can probably forgive alot for a $20 pedi. Luckily, I don't need to come here because I got the bomb spots in CenPho.
2	Went in for a fill a couple of weeks after my full set and last review and not happy.  Nails were all crooked and I have a terrible fill line in my pink which I've rarely had in the several years I've been having my nails done.  Asked Ann to level out my tips and they are still crooked.  Will not be returning, actually removed them and am on the search once again.
2	This is my MIL's nail place and since her birthday is coming up, I thought a GC to her nail place would be a great gift.  It place is pretty small.  It is tucked in between two other stores, I missed it the first time.  I walked in and was greeted by the lady employee doing a manicure on a customer.  I told her I needed a GC.  She stopped the manicure and helped me.  I noticed the place only had 6 pedicure chairs and 3 to 4 nail stations, but only 2 employees.  I can see why they are slow.
