3	Stopped in a few weeks ago to check out the successor to the Atomic 29, which was a short lived BBQ joint that formerly occupied this space.The Tilted Kilt is a YAF (Yet Another Franchise) class establishment, that some some clever people have christened the "Irish Hooters".   The original location made its debut at the Rio in Las Vegas, and it has been spreading like an airborne virus across the land ever since.What's good about the Tilted Kilt:  Lots of beer on tap, including, Four Peaks Tilted Kilt, Stone Arrogant Bastard, and Rogue Dead Guy Ale. Available in big ole "Man Size" 20oz imperial pints.  Stockings and plaid skirts.  Lots of flat screen TVs, and one big projector screen playing sports if that's your thing.    Stumbling distance from my fortified compound.What not so good:  The meat-head crowd that a few of the above features attract.   YAF status.  Totally blacked out windows, a la every shitty bar in Las Vegas. Crappy tattoos.The first night I went they had Ultimate Fighting Championship bouts playing on the numerous flat screen TV's.  A few other TVs usually feature what appears to be a "house" extreme sports style channel, similar to Fuel TV, but called ITV here, IIRC.    It's got all your standard bullshit bmx, surfing, base jumping, skate, white guys with shitty tatoos to zone out to.   Usually more entertaining than the main stream sports, IMO.While the fight was taking place the Kilt was packed with a lot of East Valley muscle head D-bag bros rockin the Affliction shirts and ball caps with flat bills cocked ever so expertly to the side, moto-cross style bay-bay.  As soon as the fights ended, they mostly cleared out. A few weeks ago when I was passing by, I did see several Mesa police cars and an ambulance in back, so this might be a good place to catch a real fight, or perhaps get your own teeth kicked in. The waitresses were numerous, and helpful, friendly & bubbly.  The food was decent both times that I've been there, I had the pulled pork sandwich, and the buffalo wrap.  Pricing is alright, not really any smokin' deals on food or drinks was my general impression.  Outside there is a big L-shaped patio w/music and misters for you smokey treat lovers and outdoor enthusiasts.  Inside the bar, there seems to be sports blaring from all TV's earlier in the day/eve, with music later on at night.   The music wasn't half bad, last time I went.
3	We have a rather large group (#evfn) that meets on Friday nights at different places throughout the east valley and last night we hit Tilted Kilt.The bad: Crappy Parking.  Moving company next door takes up half the available parking with their trucks at night.  I rounded the entire full parking lot before double parking beside said trucks.The cacophony. It's just too loud. Visually loud with TV screen on every available surface and beer/ale/sports paraphernalia squashed between.  And generally loud with all those hard surfaces bouncing sound around.  Our group was set dead center of the place and we were practically screaming to the person directly across the table to be heard.The good: Strongbow.  My favorite drink is Strongbow and while it's not on the menu, when I mentioned it to the waitress she had the gumption to go find out if they had it.  And they did.Our waitress worked her barely covered tushy off and I didn't hear many complaints from our group.  Sure, the orders took awhile, but we had one primary waitress for over 25 people and she never stopped moving.  We'd been invited there by management and provided gratis nachos which took forever to get to us, but the actual dinner I ordered came within a respectable amount of time and was quite good.So maybe the parking lot would be emptier mid-week.  Maybe it wouldn't be so loud out on the patio.  I'll probably go back, but only if my group goes or sometime other than a weekend night.
3	I always give it a day before I comment.. so here goes....First a background. This was an EVFN event, and as seems to be the case I tend to get there first. They (Kevin) was more than accommodating in setting up tables for us, and we never really know how many show up. Tables fine.They gave us one girl (Jennifer) who through no fault of her own got slammed. I had mentioned to them that as we are on separate tabs and we don't all get there at one the orders would be coming and going. Also the fact they had a new chef, who started a little fire in the back, didn't help. Orders were late coming and people were quite annoyed. The nachos were ok, our table was suppose to get another order two (1/2 orders) they never arrived. The first two were ok nachos.The only other thing I tasted was onion rings (two of them) which did have a kick to them as well as the ranch dressing dip. That I give two thumbs up.The girls/servers obviously gorgeous and it is one of the reasons people go there. So the highlights of the evening: The two onion rings, ASU winnng the NCAA Basketball game against Washington, Jennifer who was running ragged (could maybe paid a little more attention to our end).Would I go back is the question I guess...maybe, This place is built for nights like this...NCAA bacsketball (Local team playing), pretty waitress dressed up to make us all drink and order more... the food just not sure. The Happy Hour prices... can't complain. The last part of this it was noisy in a way where it did not need to be.
4	This place is packed and popular. Pretty girls, good food, and a surprising selection of decent beers. Guess each location has some flexibility in the brew they serve.But back to the packed and popular for a minute. It's really, really busy. It's really, really noisy. And the parking lot is really, really full. At least it was when our big group -- #evfn -- was there Friday night.Our waitress did an admirable job of handling a group of our size, especially when you consider that some of us like to get up and move around. She handled it great!If busy and loud places aren't your style, you're probably not going to appreciate going there on a Friday. But I don't mind that stuff, so none of that detracted from the score.If you like sports bars that ARE loud and busy, of if YOU ARE loud and busy (that's me!), you'll like it just fine.
3	My first visit to the Tilted Kilt was on a Friday night with a large group. So keep that in mind as you read my review. Those are not ideal circumstances for any place to show its best side.The place is LOUD. It was nearly impossible to talk with the people sitting right next to me. Lots of TVs going, lots of different games on.Our waitress had her hands full with our group, but did an above average job keeping track of us, keeping our drinks flowing, and ringing up separate bills for our food. The food was four-star sports bar food, mine was great and the people around me felt the same about their own food. Like all sports bars with pretty girls, the prices were a little high, but the food was good and the portions were large.My only real issue is with the small parking lot. Fortunately, there are several businesses with adjoining parking lots close by. Going in before dark was no issue, but coming out after dark, walking around blind corners through various parking lots was not my idea of safety. Would I return with a large group on a weekend night? Probably not. Or during a big sports event? Yes, if I was going to watch the game. But I will return to the Tilted Kilt.
3	My husband and I went to Tilted Kilt at 6pm on a Friday night. We were with a group of 25+ (#evfn) but we'd arrived earlier than most. There were only 3 others there when we arrived. The place is small and has as many tables crammed in there as possible and there is so much noise you cannot have a conversation with the person next to you unless you either yell or speak directly in their ear. I suppose if you were on a date where you wanted to be really close to the person all night without being obvious, this would be a good place to do it. "I'm sorry that my face is all up in yours, but I want to be sure you can hear me!"Keep in mind though, it won't continue to be very romantic (not that you'd really expect a bar like this to be anyway) if you are at a table in the middle of the room because you will constantly have people walking behind you or pulling their chairs in and out and ramming into you. It's a small place and it's really busy on Friday night. The waitresses are cute and half... er... two-thirds naked and they look good this way. I suppose. At first glance you'd assume they are hired completely based on their appearance and while they don't seem like Harvard Scholars, they appear to be more than capable of running around and getting the job done. In our large group I didn't notice anyone receiving incorrect meals, but one friend did receive someone else's bill and had to have that corrected, which I believe it was even though there was definitely some waiting involved due to our having one waitress for our entire table of separate tickets. Can't complain.The free nachos they brought our group were "OK" - not worth whatever price they normally charge. The prices are pretty standard and I didn't notice much of a deal with the happy hour drinks. I had a buffalo chicken wrap which was actually pretty yummy and their french fries were plentiful and delicious. And one last note about our waitress - she was patient and friendly no matter what the situation was. She kept smiling and never stopped moving and never showed any signs of stress under pressure. Kudos to her. (Jenna, I believe was her name)Oh and final note - the parking stinks on Friday night and I couldn't get their free wi-fi to work.
3	It's a Friday night and you want to watch your favorite sports team on a big screen with 10 of your friends.   This would be the place for it.   The waitresses dress in a red plaid kilt, white shirt and matching plaid bra.   There was one waiter who wore a black kilt. It was nice to see they have both waiters and waitresses that dress in kilts.  I went with a group of 25 plus for #EVFN and our waitress was wonderful, considering she kept on top of all of us and a few other tables inside and out.  She was very pleasant and how she kept track of everything I'll never know, but she was astounding once I realized all of the things she was doing besides waiting on all of us and getting our bills straight at the end.   Kudos to her, I believe her name was Jenna or Jenny.The reason I didn't score higher because I felt we really needed more than one waitress for our large group.   I ordered a personal pizza and pear cider.   The pizza was okay, not the best I've eaten but pretty good for bar food.  And I can't complain about the price either as I would have paid more at other establishments in the area. Parking there is an issue as the place was packed and so was the parking lot.  I was lucky enough to get a spot close but others in our group had a to park a lot farther then they would have liked to.The sports bar itself was extremely noisy and I'm not sure what they could do to buffer it.  I've been to other sports bars with just as big of crowd and it was never as noisy as this place was.  All in all, it wasn't a bad experience but I don't think I would go back unless there was a sporting event I wanted to watch or a group of friends were going.
3	An okay place all around. Decent selection of beer, very busy, and - of course - cute servers. The food is also okay, but nothing exceptional. I don't mind going here to meet friends, but not my first choice overall.
3	The food is subpar - even for barfood. The place is not the cleanest. The truth of the matter, however, is that the women here blow the doors off the women of hooters. Not bad if you are in town and want to check out the latest flesh festival franchise.
3	First visit to this establishment ever. Was told the food trumped that of Hooters (not hard to do), I have only had the California burger and though it was good, I have definitely had better. Could have done without the tomatoes in the guacamole... I did not experience the crowd as some of the other reviewers have had since I was there for lunch, on a Sunday, which could have been the reason our server seemed to have better things to do than make sure our well did not run dry. I think I have come to the conclusion that short skirts and push-up bras are NOT a reason to eat somewhere.
3	Eh, Irish Pub is used loosely here.  If you want a chain bar to go and have some happy hour, especially with a large crowd, this place is fine.If you are looking for a more realistic Irish feel, this is not going to be it.  It's got hot, scantily dressed waitresses, and a decent beer menu.Over all, it's not my favorite place, but it's ok for a post work get together when people can't decide.
3	attractive wait staff, poor service, ok to good food, kind of sticky (it is a bar though) good social setting.
1	Ick!Staff service was very good and that's about the only positive thing to say about this place.Food is pretty horrible. Don't order the corned beef unless you want thin, flavorless, fatty meat severed with a side of mushy, greasy vegetables. The tables are gross, looks like they haven't been cleaned in days and not sure why the waitresses don't wipe them down before serving customers. Really icky.Sure this is a decent place to grab a beer, but not if you want to eat, talk and enjoy.Definitely won't be going back.
3	Hooters meets Renaissance Faire.  Yeah, that's about it.  The group that brought me loves the place, so I'm sure it has its good points but it's not for me.
3	It's a decent place to have a few drinks. The waitresses are attractive and the bar has a pretty cool layout. The irish theme stops with the plaid on the mini skirts of the servers. The food is not particulary good, but it's bar food, so what do I expect, right? Unfortunately "it's OK" is the best I can say about this place and the only reason I rate it that high is because I REALLY like boobies.
4	good food and prices, fun atmosphere.  sassy waitresses.  a good lunch joint or for happy hour.
2	It was a long time ago, so I don't know if this has changed. It wasn't just the waitrets that were scanty, it was the pints too. I know it was Arizona, I know it was hot, but even by my standards the first "pint" went down awfully fast. So did the second, so for the third roun d, I ordered a can of something. Poured it into the pint glass and the 12oz can filled the "pint" glass to the brimI wrote to the AZ equivalent of the TABC - never heard back, never heard from the TC. I hope the new one in Grapevine, TX doesn't mislead by calling a 12oz pour a pint. Of course they won't - everything is bigger in Texas.Of course these woossy 16oz pints are shameful too. A many pint is an Imperial Pint at 20 oz!
3	Decent food here but come on, is it really the food you come here for? I like coming here when I have my irish cravings and need a good ol glass of guiness.
4	ok, so even as a chic, I like this place.  food is not bad (not great either), but the staff are great.  great beers, specials and did I mention the outfits??  I need one of those...
2	It's all right. Typical bar that's not-that-good-but-tries-to-make-up-for-it-with-scantily-clad-women joint. Think Library or Hooters, maybe Heart Attack Grill with the exception of that it's a grill, obviously. Food is mediocre, beer is pretty much the same as you can get in any other bar, so go if you are a lonely guy who likes to look at girls, basically.
2	Alright... nothing special.
2	There's nothing amazing about the place except for scantily clad women and cold beer.  OMG did I just say that!??!That said, the food is alright for an Irish themed sports bar. You will PAY for it though. Once you have a meal and add on a few (or dozen) beers onto the tab, you just might suffer sticker-shock. The Irish thing is done better at Fibber McGees. I wish I could give 2.5 stars, because that's where they're at in my book. If the prices were better, I'd up the rating.
4	Not a bad visit. I regularly visit the Location in Columbus, OH. I have developed a certain expectation as to the type of service that should be implemented in this concept. Compared to Hooters, this place will eventually put Hooters out of business. The food is consistent and delicious. I am a huge fan of the shepherds pie  and Quinlans 5 cheese pizza. The service at this particular Location was a few notches below the service provided at the Scottsdale and Columbus Locations. The servers seemed under trained in how to communicate with the guests. That preferred to fraternize amongst themselves which was the only fault that was noticed. The place was clean, restrooms well maintained, and the food was expeditiously served. Prices are a little high but who are we kidding, commodities are up everywhere. I will always stop by when passing this concept. Compared to it's competition of sports bars it is among the top of the list.
5	Went on a Sunday for a friends birthday party.  Karaoke was fun.  Food was good. Try the garlic fries!!!
4	This was a destination for lunch that turned into another visit before we left for a few beers and relaxing after a very long day... Lunch was cool, the place was fairly crowded with a good mix of young old and families. The second visit was on karaoke night. Although the staff was polite, there are people who protect their Karaoke very seriously even by a table full of people that are just looking for a beer."The Good"- The girls are cute dressed in Kilts and smile on occasion. - The service was good. The sodas for lunch and the beers for the hang out night arrived at the table fast and we were checked on so we never needed anything... Pretty cool.- Lunch was decent. The kitchen was not slammed and the food arrived fast and just as we ordered it. There were just a few appetizers that were split around the table and arrived with no delay.- (By Default an observation on the Karaoke crowd) There were some great singers and some folks that were having a blast. The guy running it had some pipes and I even heard a guy sing "on a Boat" ... I had a blast.- TVs are everywhere.- Decent selection of Draft Beer.-Advertisements for UFC showings for the PPVs."The Meh"- There was nothing really meh to comment on."The Bad"- The outside area turned into the smoking area. Sadly, if you do not smoke you cannot enjoy the fresh air... irony people.- (By Default an observation on the Karaoke crowd)  There were some evil eyebrows from the local crew when someone sang Johnny Cash, and they were not from AZ. Still had a blast though ; )
4	Great place to eat and watch the UFC fights. There is a $5 cover, but that thins the crowd of the cheap people, which is great. The food is great, friendly servers ( kind of ) and once again, great place to watch UFC. If you are an MMA fan, come here so you can watch. Not a lot of people and really fun!
5	Food was really good and our server was very nice and attentive. Thanks!
4	I think I ate more of my husband's garlic fries than he did, and my sweet potato fries with the cayenne ranch were so delish! It was very crowded due to some sporting event, but the service was pretty fast & they kept up on our drinks. I've heard that it depends on the night, but my burger was absolutely flavorless, blah, nothing special and I will probably never eat a burger there again. What's dumb, is that it looked mouth-watering, just tasted like nothing.
5	A great place, great uniforms, great attitudes, good food.  It's tops in the market segment of, well, the market segment of Hooter's and Tilted Kilt.  Really Tilted Kilt is far better.  The garlic fries I'm sure slapped 2 pounds on my waistline but were fantastic.  All the gals working - whatever their stage names - were positive and helped run food and provide good service.  The food was consistent over a few days too.
4	Must try the Oyster appetizer it is great!! Nice servers, fast service, and they keep coming by to ask if everything is okay or if you need anything else.
1	Our bartender was rude and impersonal, to start. When my wife ordered a diet coke, you could see her disdain. We saw her once more, when she took our food order, after which she sat in the corner and ate. The remaining staff dropped off our food without a word, and never came back; in fact, I had to flag down the manager to get cashed out. The food was sub par. My wife's Shepard pie was all mashed potatoes, and my chicken strips were incorrect and with the wrong side. Also, my fries were soggy because they had been placed over excess sauce. Poor food, awful service, overpriced beer. Visit the Kyrene location or don't go at all.
4	Stopped in for lunch today. Not busy really but the barmaid was attentive and friendly. Tried the Irish Stew - wasn't quite what I expected but was tasty. Shredded beef in the stew, not cubes, but the taste was pretty Irish old school - I should know had a girlfiend for years from Ireland - almost the same taste. Tried the Four Peaks I.P.A. draft brew - that was really different and very good - a little pricey at $6.50 a pint but I thought it was worth it. Probably get a different, more lively clientele for gametime, etc. If Hooters is where you're setting the bar for this type of place, it's better.
1	Went here last Friday with some friends from work, this would be my first and ONLY visit to this dump. I'll skip over all the minor details that made this experience dreadful and get right to business. I ordered a glass of moscato, waitress brings it. It has this slightly sweet, intensely bitter/corked taste to it. Not good. I ask the waitress to check with the bartender to make sure he poured moscato. She comes back, claiming she saw the bottle herself and that it's moscato. Um ok, guess ill suffer thru this nasty wine. About 2/3 of the way done with it, I look down into my glass and see a white sediment in the glass, bf sticks a finger in and what do you know!! It's a puddle of sugar!! I ask for the manager. He comes over and tells me he's so sorry but they had run out of moscato and instead of telling me- the bartender gave me a glass of Chardonnay and poured SUGAR INTO IT!!! This place has disgusting business practices and I will never be back here. You need to be honest with your customers and I asked that waitress to double check- they had an out at that point to fix their bs. TERRIBLE, TERRIBLE PLACE! The service sucked, the food sucked and as far as I'm concerned they only want your money and will blatantly lie to you to get it.
3	The food was pretty good but the service left a lot of room for improvement. We asked for water right away and didn't get it for 10 minutes,then I ordered the half salad and got the full ,she then offered to take it back and get the half , as I was already eating it I said no so I got charged for full. Asked for dressing on side. Didn't get that. Someone ordered fish and chips and asked to make sure there were no pickles or condiments on plate. It came with pickles and had to be sent back. I ordered Gaelic chicken with fettuccine. It came with mashed potatoes and had to be sent back. The other two waited to eat till corrections were made so their food was cold. Then when checks came someone was double charged! Come on train your waitresses!!!
5	Yes , Food was great . You really get you're money's worth .
2	I previously wrote a review about this bar, but it no longer seems to be on the web site. I have been here multiple times and the food and beer is always consistent. Irish nachos are great, the beer is good, and they have a monthly beer special. I also liked it because it was next to my apartment and a good location on GIlbert & Baseline. A lot of traffic in this area. So why then is the bar usually empty? I have been here on Friday nights, Saturday nights, and other times most bars would be busy and yet it was not here. In my previous review I included photos showing how empty the bar was and how they had more televisions than patrons. The problem is the bar is marketed toward men who are come there as much for the women working as they do beer, food, or televisions. But too frequently when I visited they had no women. The host was a dude, the server was a dude, the bartender was a dude. On two prior occasions I saw one "Kilt girl". Instead it was dudes in kilts. If I wanted to see that I would stay at home, dig my kilt out of the drawer, and look at myself in the mirror. I did go about two weeks ago and I saw a difference - everyone working (the desk, servers, and bar) were Kilt Girls. Apparently the change was too little, too late. I saw the signs up yesterday (because I always chuckled at the "Voted Phoenix Number 1 Sports bar" sign on the side of the building when the bar was usually empty), but today I was surprised to see no signage at all. That stupid sign was down, the name on the building, and the name on the sign all gone. The corporate web site no longer shows the Mesa location and going to their page directly shows Page Not Found Sorry, that page no longer exists...I was surprised at the suddeness of operational one day, gone the next but I can't say I am surprised it was closed.
