4	Think Pei-Wei with a twist.  This place wins the award for best "Thai Fast Food", but remember... it is Thai fast food.  Not worth a trip for ethnic foodies, but definitely a reasonable choice for locals or those curious about the Asian fast food niche sweeping the Valley.  The husband / wife owners are always pleasurable and the food is always good.  Go for any of the curries and your taste buds and your wallet will leave happy.
3	The curries are to die for especially the green and panang curries, and peanut satay dishes, The pad thai noodles are overly sweet and might as well be eaten as  dessert.I do fault the restaurant for not having satay as an appetizer! Other than that, if you want to eat well, not empty your wallet and be in and out of there, Thai Pan is a wonderful choice and the owners Mark and Watchuree and very friendly and accomodating.
5	Thai Pan is one of the best Asian restaurants in the valley...quick serve or not. It has a casual atmosphere - similar to Pei Wei, but the food is better. The curries are excellent and the service is always quick and friendly. And the restaurant is extremely clean!I particularly like the yellow curry...it isn't spicy - but very flavorful.I have travelled and lived all over Asia and the food definitely reminds me of what I ate daily while there.
5	Thai Pan has the most amazing Thai noodles and curries!  I love all of their curries, red, green, and yellow and the Street Curry Noodles are super tasty.  Also among my favorites are the Garlic Noodles and Teriyaki Chicken Salad.  I wouldn't classify Thai Pan as an authentic traditional-style Thai restaurant - the food is a bit lighter and not too spicy - but the flavors are definitely Thai and well done.Oh, and while you do order at the counter and take a number to your table, the food is *so much* better than Pei Wei.  This isn't your traditional fast food, after all, wok cooking is supposed to be quick!
3	I have to agree with Josh D when he says "think Pei Wei with a twist."  Unfortunately, I'm not a huge fan of Pei Wei.  Thai Pan is clean, fast, and friendly... but I've had better Thai food for sure.  Maybe I've ordered wrong - but last night's Evil Jungle Princess didn't completely do it for me... I like that Thai Pan offers 'Thai Atkins' dishes, but I remember not liking those either.  I will say that the Shrimp Summer Roll appetizer was really tasty and light, the jasmine rice that comes with the entrees is perfect, and that Thai Pan's service is great.  They claim to be "Arizona's Healthiest & Cleanest Asian Restaurant," but I don't know how that can be proven... Thai Pan will do if you're in a hurry, but the prices are high for what you get (at dinner time), there is not option for eggplant anything, and I didn't find the medium spice level I ordered to be spicy at all...I do love Thai food, but this would not be my first choice based on my experiences so far.  If you feel differently, please PM me what you suggest I order next visit - I'm open to your suggestions!  Thai Pan is locally owned and operated, so if I find that one dish that I love there, I'll be a loyal customer for sure... can you tell that I want to like Thai Pan more than I do?
4	A quick dinner choice but a notch better than Pei Wei for me. i always pre-order and pickup to take home. My favorites are actually the soups - Tom Kha and  Tom Yum ( a sure fix if you are under the weather - cuz you will surely sweat out what you had!!)The coconut shrimp always remind me of back home in hawaii so they are always on the order
5	I've never had a meal here that I didn't like.  Everything is very fresh, high quality and prepared to order.  Food comes out quickly, even when the restaurant is full.  Don't be afraid to expand your horizons and order adventurously from the menu - you won't be disappointed.
3	Still looking for the local Thai restaurant that I will fall in love with, but this place is good for quick, affordable take out that hits the spot. The tom yum gai soup is decent and the street curry noodles and peanut noodles with chicken are quite good. It may lack atmosphere and its not perfect, but it will tide you over on your quest for the perfect local Thai place...As an aside, this place is closed on Sunday. Which always means I want it on Sunday. Just like Chick-fil-a lite lemonade.
4	Thai Pan is yet another new favorite entirely due to Yelpers' recommendations.A new staple on my lunch rotation, Thai Pan features a large variety of fresh dishes.  The comparisons to Pei Wei are evident, but Thai Pan excels in every category.They offer all of the "typical" Thai fare.  Atypically, they don't ask for a spiciness level for each dish; instead each dish is designed by the chef and the spiciness (or lack thereof) is indicated on the menu.  In fact, they pride themselves on the consistency of their spice levels from meal to meal.  They will make modifications for you; if you can convince them you can handle it, they'll even make a dish Thai-hot for you.The curries and Hoisin are my favorites, but the menu is full of delicious options.  I'm already looking forward to my next trip.
3	Thai Pan is really the only Thai spot (that I've found, at least) north of the 101. Think Pei Wei meets Bangkok and you're there. The food is a wok-fried contemporary American take on Thai (not much for the spice and the curries simply aren't that potent), but it's all good. You can walk in, order and walk out with piping hot, decent Thai fare up in the Pinnacle Peak area.The bad part, you ask? Well, it's like a friggin' dungeon in there. I've been in numerous times, both to eat and pick up takeout, and this place is dark, dull and depressing, even if it's full of people (which, sadly, is rare... perhaps they should remodel, or at least turn up the lights). It's not a big spot to begin with (no more than 35 seats), so to have the lights basically turned off is ridiculous.This place could put some more effort into it's atmosphere and easily get four stars, because they're great at the kind of food they're offering. I'd pick it over P.F. Chang's or Pei Wei any day. But, you know, for takeout.
4	I love Thai Pan.  I used to work up in that area and go a lot.  Sadly it is a little too far now for me to go often.  The couple that owns it is super nice.  Their style is very Pei Wei.  You order at the counter then they bring you the food.  Prices are very reasonable for such fresh ingredients and tasty dishes.  I have not had one bad thing there, but I am especially fond of the curries.  PLEASE PLEASE open a location further south!!!
2	I used to go here quite a bit but found the owner to be not so friendly even though I was a repeat customer. The teriyaki bowl is ok but nothing to write home about and I am a teriyaki bowl specialist. I also didn't like how they closed from 4-5 which to me is a bit retarded to me. Maybe they have changed their hours but I don't go back.
4	My husband and I were craving Thai food and decided to check this local place out. We were not disappointed. Since moving from San Francisco Bay Area we have had a hard time finding good ethnic food here. This was probably the best place we have found so far. The place was clean, service friendly and prompt and the prices were reasonable. The only negative would be that they need to spice things up a little, but that is what we have found with all ethnic food here - they are afraid to put too much punch in the food and we always have to order things extra spicy to get them they way we like it.
4	I moved literally walking distance from Thai Pan about 9 months ago and finally just got take out from there for the first time last night and thought it was great.  My husband wasn't in love with his dish, but our app & my dish (the peanut noodles... yummy) were excellent.  Definitely going back and would recommend.
4	This is a small restaurant that is next to some construction, so it is really easy to over look (as I have until this last Friday), and it is a nice little gem.  I first had Thai at a little, very authenic place in Evanston IL by the Northwestern campus, it is has ruined me for many Thai varients that i have tried over the years here in AZ (Thaifoon comes to mind as the worst mistake with the most development dollars invested...).  I tried the chicken green curry, the spice beef hoisin stir fry, and the shrimp garlic noodle: the best by far was the green curry, which was ordered spicey: it did have some kick in the aftertaste, but will be definitely ordered extra spicey in the future.  Very reasonable prices, and you could tell that they do a lot of lunch and take out business, but every single table was filled (the whole place probably seats 40 or so).  GIve it a shot, especially the curries.
4	Blackberry Yelp - restaurants nearby - helped me find this great little Thai place. The Tom Yum soup is amazing.....need to share as an appetizer...large serving....we tried it with the shrimp which were very juicy and big!For the main meal I had the Pad Thai noodles with tofu which was great. My husband had the Orange Peel Chicken which was incredibly good. This dish was definitely the stand out and next time I will be ordering it. The servings are very generous and we even had enough to reheat  for dinner!This place is a great little find.....I also like the set up of checking the menu first...ordering at the counter, paying and seating yourself. This makes the service very fast.The staff are also wonderful and very friendly. If you are craving Thai this is the spot.
3	Lately i have been feeling homesick for asian food and been hitting up places that i haven't been to in awhile.  Recently re-visited Thai Pan for a quick lunch and quickly ordered without spending too much time perusing the menu.  It looked more diverse than I remembered including some Vietnamese additions.  I remembered the curries and stir-fry dishes were ok but nothing really memorable.  A quick summary for my latest visit:Pros:- convenient order-at-the counter setup- self-serve drink station- brown and white rice mixture- friendly and gracious ownersCons:- too much napa cabbage in comparison to green vegetables - wish the owner/chef would be back in the kitchen vs. managing- spice level on the weak side
3	3-1/2 stars!First of all, I didn't realize that Thai Pan was not a sit and order restaurant, so I was surprised when we arrived to find it more like Pei Wei or Paradise Bakery style order at the counter and they give you a number to put on your table.  That is not necessarily a bad thing . . . just caught me off guard.The colorful menu has many offerings -- traditional Thai curries, Chinese stir-fry style entrees, Vietnamese Pho dishes and an abundance of noodle options.  I had a difficult time making a choice. I ordered the Pad Thai with shrimp and tofu.  It was tasty, but for me, a wee bit on the mild side.  I probably should have ordered it medium spicy.  One friend ordered the Panang Curry.  He was disappointed -- it was on the soupy side and the portion, compared to the noodle dishes was much smaller.  Our other friend also ordered the Pad Thai, but asked for it to be spicy.  A recent fan of the traditional Thai dish, she was overjoyed with the blend of sweet and spicy.  My hubby who usually orders the "dud" dishes chose the Peanut Noodles with Chicken, and we agreed that his was the best tasting and most flavorful dish of all -- a total home run.  Service was very friendly.  We were greeted at the door by a young man who explained the menu and how to order.  In no time, we all received our entrees.  Thai Pan is obviously a local favorite because within minutes of our arrival, the place started to fill up with what appeared to be regulars. I love finding close by mom and pop style restaurants that I can rely on for my Asian fixes, and now that I know I need to bump up the spice, I know we'll be back, at least  to order the Peanut Noodles!One other note -- next door to Thai Pan is the most divine gelato shop -- That's Amore (see review) so save room for dessert!!!
2	Serving pho without bean sprout? What the...
5	I've never had Thai before here, so can't compare to much, but the food is great!  Very fresh, great selection, great service and very fast!  I miss my favorite Chinese place that just closed down the street but Thai Pan has filled the void.
5	Thai Pan's food is always fresh and hot and served with little and the protions are quite generous.  From pho to the curries, my wife and I have had most everything on the menu at one time or another and have never been disappointed.  The atmosphere is very casual and it's one of few kid friendly places with such good food.  The staff is always friendly and cheerful.  If you do not live in the area, it's out there a ways, but really worth it.
3	CLOSED - Owners sold it and now it is a Thai Basil.
5	Unfortunately, Thai Pan recently closed up due to Mark's continuing back problems.  Have not yet tried the new place that went in the spot, but the bar has been set high.  Best wishes to Mark and his family.
