1	Any one who gives this place a good review must be really drunk. Terrible food. Thats all.If you like the taste of paper and hot sauce you found the right place.Enjoy.
3	The food is pretty decent. I had a chicken burrito bowl which did remind me a bit of chipotle but it definitely doesn't compare. Don't get me wrong it was good but chipotle is way better
4	Great taco special. They were LOADED with chicken! Kind of messy to eat, but they tasted great. We opted for bottled Coke instead of fountain Coke--it added about 50 cents extra to each order, but worth it for the taste.
4	Chicken burrito was good. I'm sure hot sauce would add to the flavor but I don't like hot sauce. Friendly service. The lady serving food was cleaning when not serving customers , which gets an  A++++ in my book.
1	The food really SUCKS. I agree with reviewer Bee B. I ordered 2 tacos, very small and no taste. I payed $5 for garbage food.
4	Great little tacos on Fremont St. Carne Asada tacos and spanish rice were good. Cheep eats and open late!
5	As others have mentioned, the carnitas tacos were delicious.
4	I am sure there are better Mexican spots in Vegas but if you are staying on Fremont the convenience (in downtown Fremont and open late) is unbeatable and the food was honestly delicious.  I had 2 burritos a night during my trip.I got the steak burrito and pastor burrito with Spanish rice and all the fixins(onion cilantro, hot salsa, cheese sour cream, pinto beans).  the meat was tender and flavorful and all of the fixins were tasty complemented the burrito.   I also tried the chicken but wasn't as big of a fan.  Will be back next time I am in Vegas!
4	We stopped here to soak up some booze. It certainly did the trick. The chicken taco was yummy as well as the black beans. The black beans had onions and some seasonings. Decently priced and quick service. The only down fall is the lack of seating. There could be more along the wall. We awkwardly ate our tacos on the ledge where you order. Lol it did the trick!
3	Hit this place on a drunken walk back to the hotel....tacos!!! Who in their right....err...drunk mind, doesn't love a taco at 3am???? or was it 4???? Wayyyyyy overpriced, 4 tacos for 12.00 just doesn't add up. Carnitas was very good, better than expected. The chili's were all good...the "Hot" one will blow your socks off...so unless you want to be hanging on the ivory throne in burning agony....don't try.
3	It's pretty ghetto and scary here, but the tacos were good value.  It was about $6.99 for 3 chicken tacos and the table setup is fun.  It's made so you just quickly eat and go.
4	Oh my gosh I love their steak tacos!!!  The only thing is the size.  They were so small u need about 5 to fill u up.  But they are soo good.  The cilantro, and the salsa yummy!  I will definitely be going back the next time I'm in town.
3	Every time I visit Vegas, my first stop after my friend picks me up from the airport is Tacos El Gordo, my gold standard for authentic Mexican excellence. The next day I was still looking for a fix of tongue, and decided to give Asada's a shot. While it wasn't bad, it simply didn't hold a candle to Tacos El Gordo. I stopped in mid-afternoon to a mostly empty restaurant. I decided to go for a burrito with lengua. The burrito was a bit sloppy - it was rolled a bit loose and the lengua was on the bland side. The hot sauce on the table was really good and helped add some much needed flavor to the burrito.The location itself is a classic "hole in the wall" joint - but those places usually make the best Mexican food. If I were on Fremont St. and had a huge craving for Mexican, I'd give them another try, but there's MUCH better Mexican food to be had in Las Vegas.
4	When they say hot it's hot. I'm sure some eat hotter but this is not tamed down. Carne Asada fries were yummo!
4	A small place right in the main hub of downtown Fremont St. This place serves tasty Mexican street food, but pricey due to a hot spot location. The burritos are $9 and you get to pick what kind of stuff do you want in it. They even let me put both carne asada and carnitas (i really wanted al pastor, but they ran out) meat mixed in for no extra charge, but wanted to charge more if I pick more than one hot sauce. It tasted good. Their Carne Asada Fries are bomb and is definitely the thing to get! No wonder the fries cost the most ($12). It must be the added nacho cheese that made it tasted better than the burritos. The food here is pretty spicy if you choose the hot option, but nothing painfully.
3	Went to this place late in the day. Not overly busy or hectic enough to justify the attitude and poor service from the girl behind the counter. The food was good and the prices were reasonable when considering the location. Perhaps they're used to dealing with drunk patrons but that was not the case the entire time I was there. The place was clean but the service left a lot to be desired.
2	Very pricey for what you get, but it's tasty. Service is slow, partly due to the fact that the customers in front of you are drunk.
1	Really bad service food not that great ... Short female darker  lady was rude, rice was dry and beans looked like they have been sitting there for a while .... They charge for every little add to your taco ...: I don't recommend at all
1	Had the nachos and toquitos. They charge for each additional ingredient; lettuce, sour creme, salsa, and etcetera. The toquitos were a soggy mess. What we did eat left us sick in to the next day.
1	dont come here unless u love watching pissed off people serve u food. Got carne asada fries and the bit** with the mustache on the deep fryer was pissed because i asked for ketchup... seems like she and the guy working are bro and sis...
1	I'm just gonna have to stop and call this place out.First, I typically love $2 tacos. I'm all about that. But this place is scum.We waited in line for 20 minutes. Not because the guy was helping another customer...no he was replacing cheese that didn't need to be replaced. It was like half full. Second,  after he replaced the cheese he stuck some in his mouth and started eating it with his gloved hands. After the cheese he decided the ketchup bottles needed replacing too. All the while me and everyone behind me are watching this guy and getting more and more pissed.After we called him out on that to change his gloves after sticking it in his mouth he decided to be a jerk and stick the hottest salsa they have on our tacos. I asked for mild, not suicide hot. Couldn't even eat my damn taco.I am so pissed.
