5	fabulous and fun!!all yogurtlands are amazing, but this one is the best because it's so close to my house.so many different yummy frozen yogurt flavors with fresh cut fruit and other toppings.  you can't go wrong, i highly HIGHLY recommend this place.
5	This place is packed at night for a reason - it is awesome!  A great selection of flavors and toppings.  The fruit is the freshest of all the self serve yogurt places I have gone to in Vegas.Check out the pistachio and peach tart flavors - those are probably my favorites.
5	I love froyo and Yogurtland makes it a dream come true.This is my fave venue since the ambiance is cozy and relaxing due to plenty of tables and chairs to unwind unlike the one in Town Square.  Service is definitely friendly and warm.Overall ~ I am a big fan!!
4	So, there is a Yogurtland in Las Vegas, thank goodness! Love this place! It's self-serve, like a lot of other yogurt places, and there are a lot of flavors to choose from. But, the difference is the frozen yogurt tastes better than any other yogurt place I've been to, in my opinion; and the price is better too! Definitely recommend trying this place.
5	I *LOVE* this place!!! I love the self-service yogurt concept. You serve your own yogurt, can mix flavors and add as many toppings as you want. My husband and I usually pay about $7-8 for two yogurts (and that's usually the result of lots of yogurt with lots of toppings). We come here at least one, sometimes twice a week. Coconut and Pistachio yogurt are my mainstays. There's never really a line at this location like the one at Town Square. The space isn't that big, and the tables inside and outside are usually full. But people are usually able to get a table without waiting too long. The only thing I would caution about is drinking the water. Once, about a month or two ago at closing time, I saw an employee taking the strawberries out of the water container with his bare hands (no gloves). It looked like he was putting the strawberries aside for be put back into the water container the next day. Yuck. So no more drinking the water with strawberries.Otherwise, again, I love this place!
4	With the warmer weather coming, this is a good place to grab some cold yogurt. I'm very plain when it comes to desserts. I generally get the arctic vanilla with yogurt chips, strawberry and mochi (white not the colored one). I generally fill my cup halfway or less, everything in moderation makes it taste better.
5	The yogurt here was sooooo good. They have some awesome flavors and toppings. I had gotten a coupon from the Slider Truck (check out my review for them) and it ended up only costing me $.25 for my yogurt that was more than enough after I had stuffed my face with Sliders. I tried the Vanilla Wafer Cookies and Cream and the Red Velvet Cupcake Mix Batter and threw in a few Vanilla Wafers on top as well. Really basic but it was all I could handle after the sliders. Anyway, very good, not overwhelmingly sweet and not lacking flavor either. Will be going back for more soon!
4	I love the flavors they have here: red velvet cake, cheesecake, coconut. They're all good. I don't know how they do it but the red velvet cake really does taste like the real thing.I stopped by on a Friday night and the place was busy with families and teens all getting their froyo fix. Parking can be tough. It might be best to park behind the building and walk back around instead of trying to deal with the small lot out front.The toppings bar was a mess. Picked over by many customers and with some toppings mixing in with others. Not the fault of the employees, of course, since it's a self-serve bar. But I wish customers would be more careful when scooping out their toppings as to not dump half of what they're scooping into the wrong container.Good flavors, good pricing, but not always the cleanest.
5	My favorite yogurt place in vegas (aside from McD's soft serve)... yogurtland on Flamingo.   It has a large and unique selection of flavors .  My top choices are: coconut, pistachio, pineapple, taro, peanut butter cup and their new flavor of the season Lychee. The yogurt is creamy and delicious.  The reason why I love this location is because of the 1) seasonal flavors and great selection- they probably have 12-14 flavors and 2) the yogurt is dense and cold, unlike the super busy Town Square location where it's so packed that the yogurt doesn't get enough time to chill. Yum yum yum
5	I love places that allow you to control how much of what you'd like to put into your plate, in this case, container. Their container, by the way, the containers and spoons are decorated with Toki Doki. I love Toki Doki! Vanilla Wafer with fresh strawberries, mochi and fresh banana toppings is what I had the last time that i was there. The yogurt tastes just like the cookies, so yummy!! It's a tad too sweet but I still enjoyed it. The flavors change from time to time, which can be a pain especially when they don't bring back your favorite flavor. Luckily, that hasn't happened to me when I go there, at least not yet! There's a self-serve water dispensing thingie ma-jig that they usually throw some fresh fruit in if you find yourself in the mood for some agua. This location is clean, nearby and I enjoy every visit here!
5	Boom. Yogurtland. I've never been let down.When I lived in LA, I was a YL regular and like a jackass, I thought there were no locations in Vegas. Well. I admit I am a jackass.Hands down, YL beats ANY other Fro-Yo place. Menchies....you are a close second. a VERY close second. But the flavor selection is what sets apart the two. Red Velvet? Peanut Butter Cup? Booyakasha!The texture of the product is consistent with other YL locations....and my heart lives here.
4	Ok, my new favorite flavor....the lychee tart!  That's all I get now is the lychee with the mochi! Yum in my tummy! They were giving away 5 oz. free at the LVAC on Flamingo too. Definitely made my day! I will be back again Yogurtland!
4	It's a toss up between yogurtland and golden spoon for my favorite froyo spot, but I'm digging this new yogurtland around the corner from my house. I still think the yogurt at golden spoon is better, but I like being able to put on my own toppings (and lots of different ones!) sometimes. The malt balls are my fave at the moment. They have a bunch of fruity/tart flavors which I'm not into, but they always have cookies and cream, chocolate etc too. The self serve thing sucks when there's a huge line up and u have to stand there with your yogurt melting, waiting to pay, but it's worth it...most of the time.
5	I am currently addicted to their red velvet cake yogurt.  Its great even without toppings!  My wife always gets the plain yogurt w/ fruit toppings and gummy bears but I find the yogurt a bit too tart for my taste but there are so many flavors to choose from that it doesn't matter.  I am also the oldest person in the place almost everytime I'm there.
4	Visited here with a friend after lunch at the Greenland Supermarket food court.  It is still way too hot outside, and you are sure to get some form of skin cancer 10 years from now if you stand in the parking lot too long deciding where to go for dessert.  Luckily my companion suggested frozen yogurt at Yogurtland on Flamingo.So we drove down Flamingo and shortly arrived at an upscale looking plaza with other small businesses (Sammy's Wood Fired Pizza and Sweet Tomatoes). The parking lot is clean and there were plenty of parking, but none under any shades.We strolled in and saw a very basic and clean setup and was greeted by a smiling cashier.  I have not been to many fro-yo places in Las Vegas, and the last one was located inside the Palm's Casino, so I compared this one to the Pink Berry I often frequented in Santa Monica.  It is definitely roomier, but offers the same plastic chairs around small tables setup, except here you have a lot more flavor options that you can fill as much or as little as you want, then top it off with your choice of toppings.  All for $0.30 per oz.  Not too bad for a nice fro-yo place in a nice area. And I really dig this build your own and pay by the ounce concept, as long as the pricing is right.Anyway, I personally picked strawberry, mango, lemonade passionfruit, and also taro (this was my friend's suggestion) and topped it off with the healthy blueberries, raspberries, red beans, and mochi bits.  Of all the flavors I have in my bowl, I didn't care for the lemonade passionfruit (kind of bland and not much tartness, which was advertised in the promotional sign in the store), the mango was just alright, strawberry was better, BUT the taro and red beans combo was fantastic!  If I can travel back in time to deliver myself a message, I would have told my past self to skip the other flavors (except chocolate, which I sampled from my friend's bowl) and just enjoy a bowl of taro and red beans and whatever toppings I like.  And of course throw in a few stock picks (sell AAPL at $270, hedge with silver and palladium, bet on Spain) which can finance my Yelp dining spree.So I think this Yogurtland deserves a solid 4 stars for friendly checkout, nice relaxing atmosphere, and close proximity to home.  And the $0.30/oz is a consumer friendly price point.  Will definitely come back again.And they hand out biodegradable spoons for you to use with your refreshing and healthy snack (in moderation of course).
5	Best frozen yogurt in town! Also one of the few places that I'll get flavors other than chocolate. Try the pistachio and the rootbeer float - both really good!
5	I love going here just so i can make my concoction: White chocolate coconut cheesecake.Coconut Froyo, Cheesecake Froyo, white chocolate chips, cheesecake bites and coconut flakes all mixed together. Love the ice cold strawberry water too!I always feel out of place here considering the clientele, but as I get older I just teach myself to DGAF and enjoy life. Screw the haters. :)I'm surprised Yogels(which I haven't visited in 2 years) and U-Swirl(which I have a mild vendetta against over reasons I rather not disclose......but I digress) are all still open with this place in the neighborhood.
2	I'd rather go to a red mango or pink berry. They offer a variety of flavors and toppings. But yogurt here has a weird after taste most likely due to all the artificial flavorings and preservatives.
4	Last night I experienced YogurtLand... I am not sure I will ever go back to another FroYo place unless I am not near one of these. I was tempted for 2 reasons:1) It is $.30/oz. Wow...that is reason enough alone when others are much more expensive.2) A colleague of mine used to work at one, and swears by it. He has good taste, what can I say.My wife and I each made our own concoctions. We ended up spending about $4 total, for a lot of yogurt. I had the Root Beer Float (not much flavor here. Just a hint of root beer), and the Dutch Chocolate. Shut the front door! The Dutch Chocolate was so reach and creamy. It resembles a Wendy's frosty but with more actual chocolate flavor. I was very impressed.I also liked the selection of toppings. A bit more varied than any of the other FroYo places I've gone. The actual store is really small, and it was busy last night so it felt extra crowded when we were sitting down. The staff was super friendly, and they really keep the place clean.An extra bonus is that they use the biodegradable spoons. That is awesome.
5	Yogurtland is where it's at!!
4	Went for no sugar added, only had one flavor, french vanilla.  Flavor was just ok, it was thick and creamy but I may have to try a different flavor befor I make up my mind.  U-Swirl might be better!
4	Very good yogurt, had the no sugar added vanilla , I also had a smidgen of the taro it was great, really tasted like taro . I was eye balling the coconut , since I'm on a diet I skipped it, but I already have my flavors for my next visit taro & coconut for my fellow Hawaiians , I bet it taste like kulolo:). I can't wait to go back..30 cents an oz load up . Nice change of pace from u swirl.
5	love it even more everytime i go... one of the many flavors of the season "pumpkin" is a new favorite. missing the lychee tart this trip but making up with cookies and cream and blood orange tart... mmmmmm good. always leave happy :)
5	Taro is addictive.  I come here at least once a month.  It's milky and not too sweet.  This place is clean but can get really crowded.  As far as yogurt, it's the best.   Pinkberry doesn't compare.
3	I love the location of this Yogurtland because you don't have to drive through a bunch of traffic and have to walk through crowds of people (Town Square).  It's prime location (215/Flamingo) gives it easy access if you're craving for some froyo on the way home from work or on the way to the strip.It has everything expected from a froyo spot so it's not very unique, but the freedom to create your own dessert speaks to me. Kudos for this one, but I'd like to look forward to a competition from Yogurtland for best dessert creation... so I can be a judge on the panel ;) YUM! Happy eating y'all!
5	Dear Yogurtland, I take back everything I ever said about you prior to 2 months ago.You see, as a VERY loyal Golden Spooner, I looked down upon your yogurt. Who needs tart when you can have ice cream-like yogurt? Oh wait, I do. I need tart. It started with convenience, as you are located right next door to Sammy's Woodfired Pizza (a place I frequent about 2 times a week). My friend said "Let's go get samples next door after lunch." Ok. I'll take your samples and run.But instead, I ran into your arms. 'BLOOD ORANGE is my new boyfriend', I tweeted, to which the owners replied suggesting I try that glorious flavor with a couple (ok a lot) of Ghirardelli Chocolate Chips thrown on top. TRUE LOVE.THEN IT WAS TAKEN AWAY FROM ME, which was the saddest day of November for me. I took Snowflake Mint as a close second but I missed the tartness of the Blood Orange. And then, Yogurtland, you brought back Blood Orange. I like to think it was just for me so I try to visit you at least 7 times a week (yes, sometimes twice in one day) just to get my fix.I knew that I had officially converted the other day when I purchased a "This land is tart" cooler bag to TRANSPORT my yogurt across town with. Forever yours,Katie
5	So it is next to Sammys which makes it a good set up for a quick lunch with the kids.  They are open later and they have a number of flavors, these yougart places give teens what we were missing when I lived here as a teen, a place to hang out and not be bothered.  In that sense Froyo keeps those ruffians off the streets and into the safe florescence of misspent youth.
5	Best yogurt in town.  Love to mix Chocolate & Peanut Butter with butterfinger topping and chocolate sauce.
4	Granted Yogurtland isn't my favorite frozen yogurt joint in town, but it is up there on my list.  And I like this location because it is:-In my area of town, near my gym and one of my favorite restaurants(Sammy's)-The staff is nice-The inside is always very clean-The topping bar is always well stocked and orderlyI love a few yogurt flavors that only Yogurtland seems to carry.  Namely Green Tea...this is one of my absolute favorite flavors ever!  I'm also a fan of theirToasted Coconut, and Devils Food Cake Batter.The main negative about this location is the same that I mentioned for the Sammy's next door...the parking lot is a bit small and it services a lot of different restaurants and shops, so during the day in peak hours parking can be kind of a hassle.  It can get pretty noisy in here when there are a dozen+ teenagers or families with kids all talking loudly over each other.But besides those two points, Yogurtland is groovy in my book.
4	This place was open until 11pm on a Wednesday night - perfect for the nightcap we needed after a long day.  Self serve choices abound, with a dozen different fro-yo's on tap.  The results?Chocolate Mint Cookie was my favorite.Double Cookies & Creme - Eh.  Would have reallocated calories to the mint.Pistachio - YUM!Madagascar Vanilla - very good.Very reasonable pricing and airy decor.
4	I loovveee every single tart flavor here especially the original tart. Each tart flavor has just the right amount of sourness and sweetness. I've tried a few of their non-tart flavors and they just taste like ice cream to me. Granted they're healthier and whatnot, I feel that "yogurt" should taste tart. My favorite part about Yogurt-land is that it's cheap and self-serve. The topping bar here is usually clean but sometimes they do get busy and tend to let it get messy.
5	Best yogurt joint in Vegas. I am a big fan of their coconut with mochi and chocolate chips. The best part is that their gummy bears are big enough to pick your favorite colors easily. Great staff, and fun atmosphere. Get your chill on, Yelpers!
4	Pretty cookie cutter when it comes to serve yourself yogurt places. But the flavors offered rotate and the toppings are fresh. Gotta try the cookie dough when they have it!  And 1 time was there was a German chocolate cake flavor. Mmmmm! So good.
5	I will never go anywhere else for FroYo! They have a huge selection of tart flavors and their toppings are fresh and plentiful. There are always new flavors and the place is impeccably clean. To top it all off, they're cheaper than the competitors. I wish there was a Yogurtland on every block... however, I would then inevitably weigh 20 pounds more.
4	Wow! Five Guys just opened up next to this spot. & I can't wait to be more hungry to try it! Mochi & cheesecake bites are my fav toppings! I wish they always stocked up on Peanut Butter, but hey, it's not always about me. It can be about you too.
5	I came here yesterday and got blueberry tart, passion tart, plain tart, and guava pineapple tart. From now on, this is my go-to place for some tart flavors near my house! All the flavors were fab and oh so tarty. The toppings were fresh and I even got a cute Hello Kitty cup! There were a lot of people going in and out of the place to satisfy their cravings, but not many people actually sat down, which was perfect because we easily got two tables for our group The only downfall is that they don't have stamp cards, but I understand that none of the Yogurtland shops do, so I can't really complain about that. When I went, I think they were charging somewhere between 30-35 cents per ounce, which is actually pretty cheap considering that last 3 places I've gone to have charged 39-49 cents per ounce. As good as it gets for me!
5	This location of Yogurtland is just right by the freeway, which means easy access for me and for those who are getting off work or going to work using the 215 freeway. I absolutely love the atmosphere at this location, it never gets too crowded and it's always clean. Compared to the Town Square location, it's always busy and always out of place to sit. The workers are very friendly, and I had the pleasure to meet the owners of this location, and they were nice and even offered me coupons.When it comes to the yogurt, this place became my place for sweet tooth. I'm not really a fan of ice cream places much,so Yogurtland is my alternative. I love the flavors that they offer, including my most fave the Taro and Coconut. As far as toppings they have a variety of sweets, from fruits, chocolate to sweet sprinkles. I love the fruits they offer and every time i come in it's always stocked, so can't really complain there. Oh, as a plus I think they are the only yogurt place that i've been to (and i've been to a lot, cherry on top, u-swirl, i love yogurt,etc ) that offer condensed milk, which is pretty good on your fruit toppings. Overall, YogurtLand is by far the no#1 in my list of places to go to for yogurt. Currently, they have Sanrio character theme going on which is a hit with the kids and some adults too. So if you're looking for a place to chill and cool down around the Summerlin area, I recommend this place to the T!
4	Love this place. My daughter loves it as well. It gets a bit crowded and loud and yes, parking can be a hassle, but well worth the yummy and delicious yogurt. We are fans and will continue to come back!
5	YUMMY!!!! & the prices are great! I love this place my children love this place my husband loves this place my mother loves this place, the point I'm trying to make is who doesn't love this place cause It's always packed & more than enough seats for everyone with seating outside or inside.... Yogurtland, It's  Awesome!
5	As always me & my daughter love this place! Here we can squeeze in some quality time and a yummy, healthy, inexpensive treat for both of us! What can I say? This is my go to yoghurt place, better than any of those expensive fancy schmancy ones.
5	I was impressed with the quality of service, attention to detail... And the amount of people that patronize this business. Keep up the great service... The i yogurt was great as well. The price was less expensive than Uswirll
4	Great place to cool down in the heat.  Lot's of flavors, but fruits need to be more fresh.  But then for the price, I shouldn't complain.  Workers keep the place clean.  Place does get packed so there are seating outside. Parking is fair, doesn't get too busy since they get people in and out quick.
4	This location is always clean, service is usually excellent, and everything is always delicious. The only thing I'm not a fan of is that they don't sell drinks, and sometimes their free water tastes a little 'tappy'. Tips:1. ALWAYS get sample cups to sample the new flavors, I have never tried a 'bad' flavor, just other flavors that I've preferred. 2. Bring that special furry friend in your life. My dog absolutely adores the Peanut Butter flavor, when available. If not, Plain or Vanilla do just as well. Avoid the flavored varieties (other than PB and Vanilla), and the topping bar is a no-go for the pooches. 3. Don't get too crazy. Sometimes your eyes are bigger than your stomach..
5	I really love frozen yogurt.  Let me take that back....I really love cheesecake bites, and frozen yogurt is a great vehicle for me to get some cheesecake bites without looking like a complete pig.  Yogurtland has the best flavors, yogurt, and price that I've found.Flavors: They have this flavor called taro that I am obsessed with.  I still don't know what taro is, but I'm obsessed.  Some other froyo places have taro once in a while, but Yogurtland ALWAYS has it.  Also, they have amazing seasonal flavors like oatmeal cookie, midnight almond mocha (this one is to die for), and lychee blueberry.Yogurt: The yogurt here actually tastes like what it is supposed to and is thick.  Other shops have watered down yogurt and don't have the taste of its namesake.  The yogurt at Yogurtland is always well mixed and thick, unlike the other place close to my house (*cough* Cherry on Top *cough*) where at least 2 of the machines will say, "Add Mix" and it comes out like soup.Price: Every time I come to Yogurtland, I am amazed at how cheap my creation is.  I make pretty much the same size and mixture whenever I get froyo, and at other places my price is always around $5.  At Yogurtland, it's usually like $3.50.  It's cheaper and better tasting?!? This place is the bee's knees.
4	The only reason I can't give this place five stars is because my heart belongs to Pinkberry, and my heart's still bitter that there isn't one in Vegas...YET. But seriously, I live right by this place and come to this place at least three times a week. What can I say? Froyo has been the love of my life for over five years now! When it comes to froyo, I always go with the plain tart. Other flavors just don't taste right. Once in a while, I'll go for the blueberry tart too. I used to eat my plain tart well..just plain, but I've been switching it up these days (whoo). My everyday summer yogurt is a plain tart with blueberries and yogurt chips. Yep! This location's yogurts are always consistent and their service is great too!
4	The yogurt was very good.  I sampled several and settled on the peanut butter cookie.  There were 4 of us and we all got a small moderate serving.  Cost was just shy of $18.  My local yogurt place in San Diego has much better pricing, about half this, and the yogurt is just as good.  In short, it's good but pricey.
5	So delish!!!  I love going there and I'm definitely lovin' the Sanrio collaboration =)
5	Their yogurt is by far the best "froyo" I've had. Almost all of the times that I've been here (asides from the times they're almost closed) the yogurt is in its thick consistency how it should be! I'm a big fan of tart so plain tart, blueberry, lychee, and the other few seasonal ones are my picks. The pricing is the cheapest in comparison to other yogurt places. It's usually always cleaned overall except when it's super packed. Oh! And a plus for having the strawberry water available for anyone whose thirsty. Workers are friendly too. Thumbs up.
4	How can you not love yogurt, much healthier then ice cream!  Yogurtland is convenient for me since its right next to the office supply shop I go to.   You can have as many samples as you like, they don't follow you around and serve you a sample like some other yogurt shops I know. They usually have a no dairy no gluten flavor but when asked about it, it had ran out.  Kinda of a bummer!  BUT since the holidays are upon us, they have some unique flavors and what caught my taste buds the most was the pumpkin flavor!  I am a no dairy and a no gluten kinda girl, but I could not help myself!  This was just way to good to pass up!  Other flavors that are incredibly yummy...Red Velvet Cake, Coconut, Blood Orange...yeah, I went a little crazy!  They have a large variety of toppings, nuts, candy, fruit galore!  When you are done making your creation, they weigh the cup....this is the scary part, so be careful not to go overboard otherwise the price of the yogurt can get pretty high.  ****Most of the flavors are gluten free!  Always a big plus!
4	To be honest, my review may not help  or count, but I truthfully enjoy this place. I say this review may not help because Ive never really tried all the other little frozen yogurt places. There's got to be a dozen different ones that have sprouted in Vegas. Anyways, their yogurt isn't sour or too sweet. I like how they give the contents of all the different flavors. Yogurtland can be a healthy snack or a splurge for dessert. The fruit never looks like its been sitting there. & the cereal or other crunchy toppings aren't stale. I'm always greeted here & the price is always low. Just wish you could put your customized yogurt cup in a blender sometimes haha!
5	Great froyo, cheap, and delicious! There are a lot of different choices for toppings that change depending on what's in stock. The fruit toppings are decently fresh but sometimes the bananas start looking a little old. (I wish they always carried mango!!!) My favorite would have to be the cheesecake bites... :DThe place is usually always clean unless it gets busy and there's a whole mob of people who come in at once and spill toppings everywhere. There's usually only one or two employees so it sometimes gets hard to maintain cleanliness when you have to ring up a constant stream of people at the register.Service is always great. Employees always greet customers as they walk in. There are particularly some very nice employees at this location (or maybe I just go too much and they recognize me as a regular. ) This location is great since it's so close to the gym (LVAC) and makes for a satisfying healthy snack after a grueling work out (minus the cheesecake bites XD ). I sometimes camp out here, hogging one of their tables to myself for an hour or two. I've never felt pressured to get up or leave; I can just sit there, relax, people-watch, read a book, or just chat with a buddy without being interrupted. Froyo flavors change every couple of weeks, but most of the regular flavors stay the same. There are usually seasonal/holiday flavors that are interesting to try. Yogurtland also caters to those who have dietary restrictions. You can choose from gluten-free, nondairy, fat free, tart, or other categories according to your preferences. Typically, their frozen yogurt is less dairy like compared to other froyo places (Golden Spoon, Yogel's).Definitely a fan of this chain. The quality, service, and atmosphere always keep me coming back when I need to satisfy my sudden frozen yogurt cravings!
5	Best yogurt in town! I love the different flavors that they offer, and everything really tastes like what it supposed to. And no weird yogurt aftertaste either.
5	Best yogurt place by far. Love the prices and the late hours.
3	Place is relatively priced right for the yogurt shops around town. The staff is nice for the most part, been in there on a slow night and it seemed like they wanted to get out of there, cant blame them sometimes! Toppings haven't looked the freshest before but for the most part they have a nice selection. I hate the location having to turn in on the one side then go up and do a u-turn to go back the other way, really big pain. Otherwise I like this place.
3	We went for the free frozen yogurt and toppings today.  The shop was located on W Flamingo Rd/I-215 in Las Vegas.  There was an employee standing at the door handing out small cups.  This location had Taro which a lot of locations don't have, so I filled my cup.  We also received a coupon for free 5 ounces, so we will be back.
3	It was ok, nothing outstanding but this place must be popular since lots of reviews say so and the place was pretty packed when we came here at night.  The yogurts were good and the toppings were fresh and tasty.  The original yogurt was a little tart for my taste but I loved all the different flavors and toppings you could choose from.  Not too shabby!
3	This was my second visit to this location.  The other day when we came in for the free yogurt, we were given a free 5 ounce coupon to use on our next visit.  We were offered 2 sample cups by the gal behind the counter.I ended up getting the Tart, which is always a safe flavor.  I added a little shredded coconut.  We will probably be back.
4	Can't go wrong with Yogurtland. They always have a good variety of flavors and a GREAT selection of toppings. Prices are reasonable too. I wish there was a little more seating as it can get busy in the evening. Look for their coupons in the mail!
5	I love Yogurtland. They have the best and most unusual flavors of yogurt. They have every topping you can imagine and the prices are good. My favorite is Taro and they always seem to be out of that. Ha- maybe because it is the best flavor!
4	I stopped here on the way home from a lecture at UNLV and I'm glad I did.  They are nearing the end of a promotion with some special flavors, and I was really pleased with the choices available.I had some toasted coconut which was OK.  The best one was the black sesame vanilla which they say is from Japan.  The flavors available represent many countries around the world and I need to get back before the promotion ends.The shop was very clean, there was plenty of seating, and the staff was quick and polite.  Parking this evening was great!  I am a fan!
4	Very clean and friendly!  The choices of favors and toppings has to be difficult to beat...... This has become our favorite spot for a quick snack or alternate for dinner, especially if its not too windy to sit outside!
5	yogurt land is the most amazing thing EVER!!some people say its the same as ice cream... YOU ARE WRONGyogurt is so much healthier then ice cream ^^anyways short review:Friendly staffbest quality yogurtbest quality toppingsall yogurtlands deserve a five star rating
4	Chances are, you can always try something new here! They have new flavors based on the season so use the sample cups - you never know what might be your next favorite. The toppings are fresh and there are a lot of them!I like the cute themes they have throughout the year (tokidoki, hello kitty, looney tunes) - really cute touch!Also, LVAC members receive a 10% discount :)
3	Well maybe it's just me not liking froyo that much, but hey I went when it was free. There's nothing bad and nothing great about their froyo. I have to say that their banana foster flavor was the best out of the bunch. It's refreshing but I don't think I'd be a regular here. The free froyo day was nice though!
3	I'm not a huge fan of sweets or desserts, but I can do frozen yogurt. I like getting plain tart, but their banana foster and dragon passion fruit are worth a try. They have a variety of toppings including candies, cereal, fruit, and syrups. I don't dislike this place, but it's nothing special.
4	LOVE me some frozen yogurt!!! what more can I say??
4	You get a fun experience hanging around here! The chairs and sofas are really comfortable! Plus the yogurt is delicious! Great place to meet up a friend or just go relax!
5	OK. This is a concept that needs to make it's way everywhere. I understand that to make it work, you're going to need to place them where their is either great foot traffic or where there is a dessert desert. I think there were twelve different flavors. And no, I wasn't brave enough to try the taro, no matter what friends were telling us. Settled for the root beer and some vanilla. Being a rather uncomplicated sort, I added only bananas (for the potassium) and pineapple. Well, a couple of spoons of the sugarcane pieces for the contrasting mouth feel. Yogurt was great. They will hand you a stack of tiny paper cups to sample. Peanut butter was very strange. I imagine that covering that with chocolate syrup might have been tasty. Anyhow, at 39 cents an ounce, it's a cheap, tasty, and somewhat healthy way to end a night. It is way better to have one of these places a bit of a drive away, otherwise...
3	After reading so many reviews about Yoghurtland, I guess I went in with too high expectations. I was pretty unimpressed with this place, and left wondering what all the fuss was about!Going in, we got taster cups and I started checking out the flavors. The first one that caught my eye... Red velvet cupcake. Wow. This has the potential to become my favorite flavor ever since cake batter and red velvet are two of my favorite things. Tried it, and it was just alright. Almost strawberry flavored. I moved on and tried the peanut butter, the chocolate and vanilla, and the one I ended up getting was bananas foster with some peanut butter yoghurt. Thankfully they also had the Reese's peanut butter sauce, so that was a plus. Unfortunately they didn't have marshmallow sauce which would have been awesome and is something I'm used to from frozen yoghurt shops back home. All in all the while thing was alright, not amazing by any means, pretty underwhelming. However it was cheap and that atmosphere inside was nice. I'll definitely try it again, and maybe I'll get it on a better day?
5	Besides Disneyland, this is our son's favorite place in the entire world. This location is the closest to us and we love the fact that it is open late; for the weekend nights that have us craving the cold and creamy deliciousness! This place is always clean, well stocked, and the people who work there are always smiling and offering sample cups. (what more could you ask for?)Also LOVE that they have different flavors every so often. There's always something new for us to try. And I especially love that they have different TART options :9
4	Well, I have to upgrade this place. I have to say, I've probably been here another 2-3 times, and it really grew on me. The yogurt flavors are about the same, but sometimes you get some incredible ones and those are worth stocking up on! What keeps me coming back here over and over is simply the price! It's so freaking affordable when compared with other dessert options. Recently my girlfriend and I got their "small" cup and loaded it up to share, and I expected a 7-8 dollar bill. It was 5 bucks! For enough yogurt and toppings to easily satisfy two people. The value is just too high, and although some flavors are disappointing, they also do have some pretty great flavors (coconut caramel comes to mind). This is now my regular frozen yogurt spot!
5	The best frozen yogurt place! Love the Taro flavor. I know it sounds weird, but try it! It's really sweet and tastes so good. It's a little pricy but worth it. I love the texture of the yogurt, I like it better than ice cream. This location is really good and has outdoor seating which is really nice.
4	This place is always booming with people in and out, its a great hang out spot. The tables here are constantly being wiped down. Only problem i see is that they never organize their toppings and there always a mess on the topping bar, sometimes even missing serving spoons... anywhooo the yogurt here is great! and this place is by far the best location in vegas. i would also recommend their town suare location as well,
5	Love Love Love this Yogurtland.  It's always clean and there's never a long line.  I've been some places who let their yogurt go sour, but that has never happened here! I love the Red Velvet and Pecan flavors, though they are pretty much all good.  And if you have a reward card, you get free ounces sometimes, super great. :)
4	Delicious flavors with plenty of topping offers! However, they have been without the cake batter flavor for a while now and my friends and I are quite saddened because of it. To make up for it, the double Oreo is amazing. The interior can get really noisy and there is limited indoor/outdoor seating. All in all a good choice for your sweet tooth. And for frozen yogurt, the price is excellent!
