3	Awesome. Great food cheap and owed by a mom and pop. Owners are extremely nice and really down to earth. Bar was just redone after it burned down 2009. Large beer selection.
4	Larger (mostly bottled) beer selection, include lots of selections from local/nearby brews including Great Lakes, Church Brew, Full Pint Penn lagers and ales, a couple offerings by PA standouts, Troegs, Weyerbacher and Victory and some farther afoot quality selections such as Dark Horse, Terrapin, DFH and Green Flash.Tasty but typical barfood.SUPER friendly owners. As posted above, apparently the place burned down in 2009 and reoppend in spring 2010. I went there as a Caps fan on  New Year's Day just before the winter classic and they made us feel right at home while giving us some choice anecdotes about the city.
5	I love this place. Food is great. They have really good Greek food. (gyros hummus etc.)Owners are great! The owners are fully dedicated to its success and often have beer tastings, bands and recently a Guinness night where they taught customers how to properly pour the beer from a tap and gave away Guinness and glasses.
4	This is a great little nieghborhood bar.  Great service - nice people.  Great beer selection and reasonable prices.  I would give the food an ok.  They have your basic bar food - the fries are nothing to write home about.  This was the bar use in the movie "Wonder Boys"  - sadly the bar was ruined in a fire in 2009 -they only a have a few of the art deco pieces left - but they have done a nice job of restoring the place after the fire.  Also - they have trivia nights on Tuesday's at 7:30.
2	The biggest problem here is the lighting. It's simply too bright and it kills the vibe. When I first walked in, I was struck by the barren/sterile feeling of both the bar and seating area in the back. At one point it inexplicably got even BRIGHTER, as some additional green lights behind the bar came on. At first I thought it was last call or something, but it was only 10:30pm on a Saturday night.Beer list is solid but not mind-blowing. Taps included a rotating Great Lakes, Dark Horse Crooked Tree, Rogue Dead Guy, Big Hop and SA Chocolate Bock plus Guinness and a few macros. Bottle selection is much larger and a board behind the bar tells you what's newest. Prices are about where they should be but maybe a tad high: two Rogue drafts, a Nugget Nectar bottle, and a bag of chips was $18.The owners were tending bar on a fairly busy Saturday night, but honestly they had trouble keeping up. When asked which Dark Horse was on tap, Irene didn't know. You could tell both she and Dean were working hard, but it was a struggle. It was a little hard to watch since Dean is so friendly.It's great to see a revamped place like this in the neighborhood (don't be scared away by the outside), but there are better hang-out spots nearby.
4	A quaint little neighborhood bar. Delicious sandwiches. Super nice northsiders. What more can you really ask for?
4	I have found yet another reason to hang around on Western Ave. I'm really starting to like it down there.  As an alumnus of CCAC Allegheny I often times just hurried passed storefront after storefront never taking a second glance at the many great establishments that line Western Ave.  Well now that Western Ave is within walking distance of my new home, I've been slowing down and exploring what the avenue has to offer. The Modern Cafe is great.  I like the old school neon signage that hangs in front of the bar. I like that it's attached to deli that actually has corned beef on the menu and I loved the selection of seasonal pumpkin beer.
4	You can't go wrong with a little local bar like this. Modern has an excellent beer selection in bottles, accompanied by a small, but decent draft selection. Their food menu, prepared next door, is better than you'd expect, although I've only had a sampling of items.If you're looking for a chill local bar with a welcoming vibe and nice attentive bartenders, Modern is your spot.  It's really clean, and the crowd is laid back. It's the perfect place to spend a low-key evening out with friends, or to grab a drink before or after a dinner at Nicky's!
3	Great local joint with a fantastic beer selection. Prices are on the higher end, $5-7 for a beer, and the service can be a bit spotty if you're not a regular. I was passed over several times by the bar tender because she was taking care of the regulars first or finishing her conversations with her friends. By the end of the night though my service was fine and I was being treated like a regular!
3	I was not expecting the look of Modern Cafe to be so... classic. It's pretty much a neighborhood bar. But I'd say it's a fairly good one for the North Side.It's way bigger than I thought it would be. A little lonely feeling for a lunchtime. Out of so many sandwiches it was hard to choose, but I went for the Reuben. I'd say they're a tricky beast to tackle. It was okay. Not the best I've ever had, but certainly not the worst. I like mine loaded with sauerkraut, and this just had a decent size for someone who likes an even distribution. But not me, load it on! I was a little bummed the bread was a bit soggy. That's the worst, right?I asked the dude for a suggestion on a side and he said try the coleslaw because he doesn't like mayo. But when it came out, there was no question, it was a mayo based slaw. I love mayo, so that was fine. Not bad again. Just okay.I think this bar would be my jam if I lived on the North Side. TONS of beer on tap that I'd for sure want to tap into! Maybe I'll treat myself to a happy hour there... Let's be honest, he beer will come a'callin!
4	This is a very kitschy place. Very 50's diner inspired and a cool looking interior. I'll be honest and say I've never tried their food. It may not ever happen because one of my favorite restaurants ever is 2 doors away. That being said, it's a super fun bar to visit and their beer selection rocks!  They have crazy things like Rock Bottom's Uppity Jag-Off IPA from craft beer week on tap and the bartender/owner will guide you through whatever new and exciting things they've just added and offer you a sample of anything to check and see if it's something you might like. He also remembers us every time we've walked in, which gives you that happy 'Norm!' feeling. We've had some fun conversations during our visits here and I typically like their music selections, which is a nice bonus. We will continue to stop in here for a couple of beers whenever we're in the neighborhood just because it's fun and we know we'll like what's on tap.
3	Came here before the steeler game Sunday, hoping to grab some brunch. We ended up all getting sandwiches that were delicious. I got the beef and bacon sandwich on asiago ciabatta. It was so yummy! But it would've been like double yummy with some kind of horseradish mayo or sauce or something. The owner was incredibly nice. It felt like a nice family establishment where people know your name. I'd definitely go back!
3	I'm a big fan of Michael Chabon's Wonder Boys, and an even bigger fan of the movie adaptation of the same name. The bar scene was filmed here, and I mentioned it in passing a few times. It turns out Toronto is pretty close to Pittsburgh and we didn't have Friday plans and did have a rental car so away we went... to get drunk in this dive and sit in the red booth at the back. Mission accomplished. I checked out a couple of stellar establishments in the rust belt, but I want to review this one first. It was a very fun time, but the bar itself is kind of strange and riddled with questionable characters. I'm fairly certain I had a five minute conversation with someone who had recently been smoking crack... and I'm from Ford Nation so I should know. PEPPER PROPS to a friendly bar tender who poured cheap drinks happily and kept the shady folks in check. PEPPER'S PISSED: Come on, Pittsburgh. Figure out your taxi situation.
4	"Stand up and take a bow James!" "Go home to your mother Vernon." "I... am... a writer." These are the quotes of the most re-watchable movie I know, Wonder Boys, and one of my beloved ones. On a frigid Friday night, staying in The Point downtown area, it took a few drinks and a few mentions to successfully lobby the one person that loves Wonder Boys more than me to go to The Modern Cafe. "Look, when else would we ever come to Pittsburgh, we're in our Wonder Boys town, and we can sit in the red booth where James Leer, Grady Tripp & Terry Crabtree met their maker in Vernon Hardapple." Pulled that card, and off we went, and what happened was in a way straight out of Wonder Boys. While Vernon didn't wiggle his bum and dent the hood of our cab, the experience had a tilt to it. We both hail from cities where people are always around us -- especially Toronto -- and our night in Pittsburgh was not so. Everywhere we walked streets were empty. Each bar was empty. Especially this one. One bartender. Four at the bar. And holy what speed ball did that bartender and group of friends get into? The space is huge for such a low key place. Bar up front, TVs, and then in the back is a long booth against the back wall, and we sat in the very seats our Wonder Boys did. Look, it's nerdy maybe, but if you're at all inspired by it, we sat in the corner and talked all night. The four interactions I had with the bartender were upbeat. Very upbeat. Speedball upbeat. And this isn't to say I wouldn't recommend her to be a bartender for the night. Looking back on the night we probably shouldn't have gotten into the Ford Taurus of the bartender's friend who drove us back to the hotel, but accordingly to them we didn't have a chance at getting a cab over there at such a late hour. I doubt Modern Cafe would ever set up a car service. With such a strange night, I wouldn't be surprised at all if Vernon Hardapple comes back here to reminisce. With being an institution in some of our eyes, and offering a pretty odd experience... Take a bow Modern Cafe!
4	I'm not sure how a neighborhood bar could get much better. A huge selection of craft beer including a rotating selection on tap, a beer of the month feature, a comfortable bar, terrific owners who are incredibly friendly and helpful by letting you taste something new, a really fine menu of sandwiches and appetizers from their deli next door, and a good vibe all around. Frankly, I could care less about the fact the Wonder Boys was partially filmed here. If anything, I put that in the detriment category.  My standards for a good bar are not at all related to who's been there before me. Who cares?The owners Dean and Irene have had the place for a long time. Dean is such a great and friendly guy and he has a fabulous memory. Go there once, sit at the bar, and he'll remember you the next time you come in. I like that. The food is quite good and my most recent sandwich was the Greek cheese steak with feta cheese. Mmmmmmmm. A real delight. If I'm in the neighborhood at either Nicky's or Benjamin's I try to pop in for a cold draft. Who knows what might be on tap? I know it will be something delightful for sure! Highly recommended!!
3	This is a cool little neighborhood bar on Western on the North Side. With a 50s diner decor, this place (as others have said) is much bigger on the inside than I thought it would be. It's a large open area, and I would even argue it's too open and not very intimate. However, this seems to be a nice place for locals to stop in for a drink after a long day at work to chat with others in the neighborhood. Many people at the bar seem to know the bartenders and other patrons well, which can be good or not-so-good when visiting as an outsider. I only had a plate of fries, but the menu seemed pretty impressive and I'd like to go back sometime for a meal. The draft list was decent in addition to a nice bottle selection.
3	Don't really like to post bad reviews but I have been here several times and I really want to like it,  unfortunately,  the bartender george is one of the worst people I have encountered in the service industry.  If u are reading this George,  its not hard to pretend to tolerate people, try to be somewhat attentive to paying customers instead of displaying your shitty attitude. The woman...dont know her name is very sweet and good behind the bar.  Unfortunately,  when George is there,  u have to beg for a drink,  menu,  anything really because he can't be bothered. I will continue to go to this bar as it in my hood I just wish the servers were better.
5	Great neighborhood bar, and Dean is always so friendly. They have a great selection of craft beers which are HALF PRICE during happy hour. You cannot beat paying $2.50 for a good beer. For food, the Spartan is always a good choice, or I'll opt for a chicken salad sandwich with soup.
3	Different place, with an old school feel.  Always wanted to stop in and see what the decor was like.     Decent selection of beers, although they were out of two.  Someone was smoking in the back, which was a bit unnerving.  Otherwise, a decent stop to make for a beer, or gin and tonic.  Go for happy hour for the best beer deals.
3	Stopped by here for a quick drink and appetizer while I was out exploring.  The service was a tad slow, but very friendly.  Ordered an artichoke bruschetta - a bunch of parmesan toasted bread with a bowl of the bruschetta topping - DIY style.   It tasted good, but was a little sloppy and had too many onions for my taste.   My drink was good, but served in a stemless wine balloon - a weird choice for a captain and coke.  Overall, a decent neighborhood bar, but nothing to write home about.
5	This place is great!! Ask for amazing Amanda behind the bar! She is a perfect angel and will make you cry tear drops of pure joy!
5	stop by and say hi to mandy! i've been to the burgh a few times now and she is our favorite part of the north shore! best pub style bar by far in these parts
2	I had a city dining card for this place and figured it would be a great place to try after going to handmade arcade with my family. I did not expect it to look the way it did inside. You walk in, and there's a bar - then you walk past the bar into the little dining area. It was super adorable. It was Sunday around 6 and we were basically the only ones there besides a few at the bar. Our service was fantastic- the waitress was friendly and helpful when trying to decide what we wanted. We ordered the grape leaves for a small appetizer. I've never had grape leaves, so I have nothing to compare them to- but they were pretty terrible. They were cold, mushy and tasteless. I would never get them again. My mom ordered the Reuben and my dad ordered a cheese steak. They both agreed they weren't the best sandwiches they have ever had but they were good. I ordered a pepperoni roll and coleslaw. The pepperoni roll was not that great . It wasn't bad, but I've had better ones from get go. The coleslaw was tasteless. I added pepper and some salt and it didn't do anything to help. The only reason I would come back here is to drink. They had a decent draft list , I ordered southern tier 2xmas which was really tasty. The atmosphere is adorable and the service is great, so I would like to come for a drink sometime when I'm on the north shore. If I do visit again, I won't be eating a meal here :/.
5	My girlfriend and I were in the neighborhood looking for a place to eat. We stumbled upon the Modern Cafe and it had exactly what we wanted!The menu is perfect and has something for everyone. Drink menu is larger than what you'd expect. The owners are the icing on the cake because they add such charm and history to the business!We will be coming back!!
