5	My favorite fast food restaurant.
4	Zaxby's holds high value in my list of great fast-food places.  Sometimes, I just want something to make my tongue sweat, and that's when I go for a Kickin' Chicken Sandwich!The ingredients are consistently of high-quality; real chicken, freshly made, and made to order.  The sauces they use are one-of-a-kind, ranging from Wimpy (super mild) to Insane (slap-yo-momma HOT!!).  The fries are krinkle-cut to ensure maximum flavor-ablitiy from their fry seasoning or the optional Zax's Sauce ($.25 extra!).  They offer quite a few delicious sides, such as fried pickles and fried mushrooms.  Both rock the socks off your taste buds.  Zaxby's is a nice departure from your run-of-the-mill fast food stops.  Their drive thru window is surprisingly fast for a made-to-order joint!  Great tastes, fast service, consistent quality.Noosh!
4	When you arrive at a restaurant with less than 30 minutes before closing, you sometimes get less than quality service  and employees that wish you hadn't shown up.  Fortunately that was not the case at this Zaxby's.Staying across the road from this location, I walked over about 9:40 and they close at 10.  They were already well into their end of night closing procedures, but I was still politely greeted at the counter.  I ordered boneless wings to go with fries and sweet tea.  It was ready with minimal waiting.I appreciate not being felt rushed or unwelcome near closing time.
3	Located in Concord, NC. This is chain that is sprinkled mostly in Southern states. A fast food chicken place, with a drive thru window. The service was good and the food was fair. I have to admit that salad had fresher lettuce than most. Which is a plus, when you are tired of seeing brown lettuce. The Texas toast was a bit on the limp side, not the toasty side. They serve on real dishes, that are almost too big for the small tables. They have plastic forks, but absolutely no plastic knives. So if that piece of chicken or lettuce is too big, you are fighting with the plastic fork to cut it. If you want fast food and are tired of burgers, then this is worth trying.
2	"Zaxby's: Real Chicken" -  It really should be, "Zaxby's: Real SALTY Chicken." Ordered a club sandwich, and there was enough sodium in it to keep it preserved for forty years - either that, or trigger a heart attack!! We also ordered their potato chip appetizer. It was blah. It needs to decide what it is: salty and crispy chips, or salty, limp slices of potato. While some may love this place for fast food chicken, I didn't like the limited menu that basically contains salt, grease and chicken.
4	The restaurant and facilities were clean. I came in with a large group. The girls at the counter didn't blink, they took all of our orders with a smile and we got our food quickly. Everything was made to Zaxby's perfection! Love it!
4	We are from Colorado originally and had never heard of Zaxby's. We didn't know what to expect, but we were very pleased with our experience. For a fast food type of establishment, the quality of the food was excellent. At the last minute I decided to add on an order of fried pickles and I was so glad I did. They were amazing and the sauces that came with all the different things that we ordered were delicious. I would definitely recommend Zaxby's to anyone looking for a delicious alternative to your boring fast food options.
5	Zaxby's is easily my favorite fast food style restaurant when driving through the south. The nibblers are perfectly cooked, topped with Zaxby's sauce (not sure exactly what it is but its mmm mmm good) and the placed on a buttered and grilled roll. It's delicious people.  Not to be out done, the Zaxby's fried chicken salad is also outstanding.  The portion size is large.  My loves the boneless wings and shakes. If you haven't eat a Zaxby's yet I would highly recommend it. You'll thank me later.
1	If you like SMALL no meat wings. (I call them pigeon wings.) And like to pay to much, You'll love this place....
