1	Odd that people rate this more than one star.  I'm no snob when it comes to Goodwill and will sort through moderate amounts of crap to find what I want, but this place sort of exceeds  my expectations of sleaze.First heard about these clearance-style Goodwill outlets from a traveler while working @ a Goodwill in the mid-West, and couldn't quite believe it.  But here it was: hundreds of people sifting through dozens of bins of unorganized garbage: Broken electronics, glass-free picture frames, stuffed stained dolphins, all useless except for the patient few sloughing through the totally random textiles, stained w/ the urine and sloppy Joe of seasons past. Former reviewer is right that this is a frightening modern frenzy of impoverished people grasping at a piles and piles of junk, but somewhere deep down inside you hear the call of a young girl child explaining the love she had for her decapitated Barbie doll and the following teenage years in her life when she settled into the idea that her slightly annoying, sexually out-of-control best friend was just someone else's spray painted gold discarded metal curtain rod.Do not recommend.
5	Great place to get junk for art projects and DIY stuff REALLY CHEAP. Bring heavy duty gloves and some hand sanitizer, and you're set. Be prepared for getting pretty grimy and inhaling nasty stuff...
2	I finally made it in this place. It was filthy but I was expecting that. The place was packed because it was .49 cents a pound day. I was a little overwhelmed but I think anyone would be. They have tons of garbage. Tons. when they wheel out new bins people go crazy. The employees literally scream at customers to not touch until they say go. I actually purchased 20 pounds of stuff. I found some kids clothes and things for diy one thing I found was this sea shell chandelier thing that's going to be amazing with some spray paint.I can't really say if I will or won't come back.
1	It only gets one star because yes there are decent things underneath it all. Yes its dirty and unsanitary, there was a cockroach in one of the bins! But the worst are the employees, never met more rude people in my life. The guy bringing out bins yelled at me after grabbing one item, and it was my first time so I didn't know you weren't allowed to grab until it was all out. He talked to the customers like they were dogs "NO! DON'T TOUCH" and the cashiers, talk about hormone driven teens worse than ever. We got into one line and the cashier told me I was allowed to go to the next cashier and the next cashier was making out with another employee at the register. And she tells us to go back to the other cashier and yells at the girl saying "can't you see I'm busy." She didn't even bag the items she just handed me the plastic bags. RUDE!
1	I went today with my grandma after hearing about it through Youtube. We wanted to check it out since we are avid thrift shoppers. However we only stayed less than 30 min and were glad to leave. The place was full of Mexicans with carts full of clothes that lined the walls. The bins were filled with broken, stained, ripped, and otherwise unwanted items that are the left overs that Goodwill could not sell at their regular stores. It wasn't worth the trip, and we will not be back.
1	Need 12 pounds of broken picture frames? Or five pounds of naked, one-armed Barbies? Or three pounds of high school debate club t-shirts from the 90s? This is your place. I stumbled across this place while looking for a regular Goodwill donation center. Turns out this place is where all the old, naked Barbies (or whatever other unsold merchandise) go to die/be sold by weight. I'm no Goodwill/thrift store snob, but this place is grimy. It's just like one of the flea markets...except if the merchandise wasn't organized and was thrown into bins that were rotated out every two hours that have the occasional roach or sharp object. Not really worth the trip, but maybe you could find some cheap materials for a DIY projects. Just bring gloves. Heavy-duty ones.
1	I drove up from Chandler to this place to buy broken plates for mosaics and it really wasn't worth field trip.   It felt like Black Friday with the crazy people except the crazy people are going nuts over other people's garbage.  There really wasn't anything there that was worth buying everything was broken, defective, stained.  They want   99 cents a pound for the clothes and 59 cents for the other items.  If you buy the non clothes they end up being more expensive than if you just bought them at a goodwill on 50% off Saturday so I don't think it's worth it.  I picked up a plate that was labeled 99 cents, on the 50 percent off sale days it would be $0.50 here however the plate was $1.30 because of its weight which really doesn't make any sense.  Wasn't sure what to rate it because I talked to one of the guys that works there and he says it's always crazy that they feel they need to get out of the away cuz people will just push them so I don't know that's not for me it's probably not for a lot of people but for some  specific type of people they might have fun here.P.S. If you are going to venture out bring some workman's gloves because there are a LOT of broken glass items and other jagged objects in the bins that will cut you if you are not careful.
