5	Wait a minute - am I actually writing about a tire shop?!  yup (wow)Very prompt and efficient service.  The workers practically salute & snap to attention, running this way and that each time we take the RV in to check the tire pressure.  (Which is sometimes every other month).  You get in and out in no time, even on a Saturday. Special tire orders, if there's a slight chance it's not in style, takes 24-48hrs.  (speaking of which, I have 2 waiting to be picked up - gotta go)
5	Thank you! Troy Alsobrook you are amazing. On the way to an important meeting this afternoon and  ended up with a flat tire...flat as can be. Had the spare put on and headed to my next appointment. Saw this location for Discount Tires and I drove in at 5:40. They close at 6:00 but Troy took care of me right away, found the tire in their inventory and got it taken care of right away. I have been using Discount Tires for a long time since 1999 in Atlanta and now in Scottsdale. Every location is great, but I gotta say that Troy was fabulous. He saw my distress and concern - the tires on my car are not cheap - found me in the system and my policy covered me with just the new insurance and indicator rebuild. He had the car in and out in less time than it took me to call for the road service. Thank you thank you to Troy and his staff.
5	I have been buying from Discount for 20 years and cant even imagine going anywhere else. This store is within blocks of another Discount Tire but I go here because it seems to be less crowded.
5	My husband and I drove from LA to Scottsdale and almost to Scottsdale, one of our tires was going flat.  We went to Discount Tire on Shea and they checked it and found it was a cracked wheel (the tires are new).  They helped us get a new tire shipped from the east coast and put it on first thing the next morning.  They were nice, helpful, honest and affordable.  Absolutely great service!  I highly recommend them.
5	This is several miles from  where I live - but there are a number of "tire" shops within a half a mile of me. When I went out to my car after being away for awhile - I had a flat tire. After AAA came out and put my spare on, I went to 3 different tire shops - two who wouldn't even look at it because they "don't repair flats". WTF - a tire store that doesn't repair tires!! The last one I went to suggested  Discount Tire, so off I went, expecting the worse.  What a great surprise!!  They got the tire, looked at it, and showed me where there was a hole in the sidewall, which couldn't be fixed.  So I bought I new tire, it was on the car and out in 30 minutes.  Great service, fast, and really reasonable prices.Just this month, the wheels and tires were stolen off of my son's Yukon.  I suggested Discount Tires, and they came to the car and replaced them, all within a day. And they had to deal with the insurance, and also special order the wheels and tires.With that kind of service they are now my tire store!!!
5	I always buy my tires at Walmart, but they didn't have a tire to fit my car. They directed me to Discount Tire and told me that they actually have better pricing. I went to this location and had the best experience. They were very helpful, saved me money, and I was in and out in under 25 mins. I will be back again and again!!!!
5	My left front tire looked a little low, so I stopped by to have them check it. It was right at 6:00 PM and the sign on the door said they closed at 6:00.  I went in and the guy behind the counter asked what I needed and he went out and checked all four tires.  He recommended we add a little air. He did that. He did not ask if I had bought my tires there, which I actually had, or if I was already a customer.  Great customer service.  This is why I will always go to Discount Tire.  Their employees understand how to take care of customers and keep them coming back. Excellent job!Ken Jackson
5	The first time I came to this place was in 2002 right after I moved to AZ. I had a nail in my tire and needed it to be repaired. Twenty minutes latter my tire was fixed and I was on my way, all at no charge! The tires were not from there even... Ever since then, I have been getting my tires from them. Their prices are good and service is the best!
5	This is my favorite discount tire, they are very friendly & 90% of the time can get you in & out within an hour.
5	It was a recent rainy Saturday morning when I brought my car in for two front tires. The gentleman helping me was very nice and professional. He gave me many options to choose from. I explained my driving habits and he helped me choose what would be best for me, not the most expensive or what came on the vehicle what would best serve ME! The other staff member at the desk joined in some professional banter which was great. When I returned to pick up the car it was still raining. The CSR ran out to the passenger side door and handed me my keys so that I didn't have to enter and walk through the rain. This was above and beyond service! Loved it. I will always return to this location.
5	They had me in-n-out in no time. Got a flat tire in Arizona and needed to get my tire patched, was greeted at the door with water and great customer service. They were unable to repair the tire and sold me a new replacement pro-rated.
5	If you use Discount Tire once, you will never go to another tire shop...they are just that good.
5	Excellent service. Very knowledgable and friendly. I would def come back again or recommend them to others. Thanks discount!
5	Thane, Jason, Mike and the rest of the boys went above and beyond. Great service, utmost professionalism. Discount Tire always gets our business.
5	Discount Tire on Scottsdale Rd. in Scottsdale,AZ is great. Kalvin is a conscientous young man with a caring and vibrant personality! His caring attitude not only provided me with a sense of security, but renewed my downtrodden spirit with hope. He is "one of a kind" employee. The world needs more Kalvin's.Thank you, Discount Tire for a great experience.
5	I got off work the other night to find my tire was completely flat. Apparently I ran over a huge screw that embedded itself in my tire over my lunch break. I went over to Discount to have them take a look at it. I get off work at 6, which happened to be the same time they close. I showed up and they stayed open to change my tire. They were so nice and helped me out so much. I definitely recommend this place, great customer service.
5	Great customer service!
5	Discount tire is awesome everyone acknowledged me very polite and helpful the only bad thing is I have to wait an hour to fix my flat but they were busy and I don't mind because there customer service is great Cody one of the employees here great service
5	I took my car here after finding a big screw in one of my tires. They didn't charge anything to pull it out and patch the hole. I insisted on paying something but received a "I couldn't charge you with anything even if I wanted to."  Very friendly staff.  I was out the door in 20 minutes.
4	Crazy that I feel a tire shop has the Best customer service! The prices are comparable but I have found some better deals at Costco sometimes.
1	I was about to get new tires but this store would put the new tires on because 3 of the rims had a tiny crack on them. So they made it feel like had to get new rims & tires no matter what. I talked to their manager Bill the next day, he wasn't understanding at all. He said I could've just walked away and drove home with my damaged rims. I wish that they were more clear on what my options were. And when I asked about their return policy, he told me he can only give me half credit back for the new rims. My advice, just be aware of what your options are and don't get suckered by them on having to spend more money.
1	HORRIBLE. Bought new wheels from Discount Tire and two days later my tire and fell off going 70mph on I17! Bill the store manager didn't do anything. Never called me back! They messed up three times in my transaction and now the tire fell off and cost me over $300! They will not reimburse any of the damages and refuse to even talk to me!
5	Stopped in for the free air check. Excellent service they offer. Great customer service.
5	Great customer service, very rare to see such happy, accommodating employees. I even heard one employee on the phone helping a panicked driver figure out a tow company to call (not a service discount tire offers). Went in for a nail in a tire that the dealership found while doing an oil change (they don't do tire patches). Couldn't remember which tire the dealership said it was and Discount let me know it wasn't the one I told them and checked the others. Busy place, I would aim to come in during the week rather than a weekend. And make an appointment online ahead of time to further minimize the wait.
5	Scheduled my appointment online, fast and easy.  Used to go to the one on Scottsdale Rd., they closed that one down, guess 2 stores within 1 mile of each other isn't good for businesses.  They are trained to replace your tires and wheels and nothing else, so you know you will get the highest quality of helps from them and they won't try to sell you anything that you don't need.  They will recommend you the products and never be pushy about it.  One thing they need to improve is to maybe have a free Wi-Fi service.  But do give them a chance if you have never come here before!
1	I came here to purchase new tires before turning my leased car back into the dealership. I wanted to spend as LITTLE as possible considering I personally would only be driving all of a couple miles on the tires. I scheduled an appointment and arrived on time. I met with Sergio who was super stoked to hear I needed to buy a set of tires. Again I mentioned I wanted to do this as CHEAP as possible. He continued to try to upsell me...to the extent of putting a flipping warranty on the tires. DID I NOT JUST SAY IM TURNING THE CAR IN TOMORROW? After explaining to him for a third time that I wanted the cheapest tire in the joint, he charged my card and had me take a seat. 30 minutes Into my "appointment time" my vehicle is still sitting in the parking lot. Super annoyed and will NEVER be coming back.
5	I have been going to Discount Tire on Shea in Scottsdale for several years now. Their customer service is second to none. They have consistently done an outstanding job on every vehicle I have brought in and have been extremely courteous and friendly. They are a busy store so I recommend either making an appointment or calling before you go to see what the wait time is. If you are In need of any tire service or new tires I would highly recommend discount tires on Shea and Scottsdale.
5	I stopped to have air checked in my tires.  A young lady, Ashley, helped with that.  She was the best, knowledgeable and polite.  Nice qualities on a hot afternoon in Arizona.  Would buy my tires there when I need replacements.
5	Great experience here with a speedy tire rotation!! Manager today also got everyone in the waiting room bottled water. Thanks for getting me in and out to pick up my daughter on time. Been coming here for years! Thank You!!!
5	The Manager Bill, Phil and Adam did an amazing job taking care of my 2007 Toyota FJ. I had some issues with tire sizing with the wheels I had, and they went above and beyond to make me a satisfied customer.
