5	Finally! A place downtown Montreal that serves decent Hong Kong cafe style food. I had a great ying-yang (half milk tea, half Hong Kong coffee) - best I've had in Montreal - with a side of fried pork chop noodle soup. Tastes exactly like it's supposed to. Egg tarts are also delicious. I can't wait to try the congees and the other HK-style desserts on the menu.The place is newly renovated, very clean and neat. It also offers free high speed WiFi. The only thing I'd say is that it is a bit more expensive than what you'd get in Toronto, for example, where the cafes there offer a free drink with the meal (not the case here) - but it is definitely still very affordable. I am excited this place has opened in Montreal, and looking forward to going again.
1	This place is a new restaurant Hong Kong style,but the food is no really good like everybody talking about..we order the curry fish ball.,they just put the curry sauce on the fish ball,the fish ball it taste nothing...and we ask for the desert on the menu.,,they don't have ..,if you don't have any desert,why you put on your menu??
5	This is a new restaurant in downtown. My friend and I tried rice noodle with beef,  Hainan style chicken, they taste great!!!   And we had two free drinks also.They have wifi there, also ,they have two tvs (I can see the newest movies there). I gonna go there again when I pass by downtown next time.
3	Hey hey ~At first, I thought it was a normal bbtea store, but when I saw the menu i thought it was another Chinese restaurant that sell the "stereotype" Asian dishes. Looking deeply through the menu you can find dishes you never heard before and i realized they are specialized in HongKong dishes.It's really confusing lol. They have really bad marketing exposure. They should promote more of their unique dishes.We ordered Ma po tofu (friend said it was good, he is an expert in tofu)I went for the fancy stuff. YingYang milk Coffee, it feels like a HongKong Milktea fuse with coffee. I also ordered Xiao Long Bao (soup dumplings).We were amazed that there was soup inside. :D (normally, cheap restaurant microwave it)The thing that got my attention was the "Yoji Nectar". They didn't have picture of it and I decided to give it a try. It turns out to be a specialty dessert in HongKong.Like I said, the restaurant should advertise more of their unique dishes.The place is really nice. Relaxing Lighting. The alligator skin chair... :D hahaThe staffs are Mandarin, but they can understand basic English.It was a pretty good experience haha, but you have to dig in their menu and take the risk to order weird name dishes ;PFood lover~Yeye
