4	This nursery has become our first choice for any additions to the yard - be it annuals in pots, cactus or shrubs. They have a phenomenal selection of pots -- indoor and outdoor. The plants are organized and displayed in a way that helps you understand how much sun vs shade they may need. it's very easy to get in and out and bring home some great greenery!! I only wish they had more holiday items at Christmas -- live wreaths, garland, and poinsettias, even ornaments.
4	I am so glad I found this nursery! Not only is it a beautiful place but the employees are unbelievable, so helpful and knowledgeable. Needed to get my garden ready for planting and they helped with everything. The plants they have look great, not all wilted like some other places. Think this has become one of my weekend stops.
5	I don't write yelp reviews often, but when I do it's usually because I am either very pleased or very disatisfied with an establishment.  In this case I'm writing because I had such and excpetional experience yesterday I felt compelled to "Yelp".  I was helped by Shane and I have to say his customer service was extraordinary on every level.  He had encylopediac knowledge, passion, personality and most importantly was ENGAGED in helping me get the right plant and pots. Why are "Shanes" of the world seemingly so few and far between?  This guy hustled and I mean that in a good sense.  He had a sense of purpose and worked his tail off with very clever solutions to getting my awesome money tree and pot together.  Summer Winds has a good egg there, because of him, I know I will be back often to support this store.
5	I rarely write online reviews of a business, but this one is exceptional. We purchased a good sized tree and arranged to have it delivered and planted. When they told us it would be over a month before they could deliver it because they were so busy, we were obviously disappointed. Two days later,they called to see if they could deliver it the very next day!  We were ecstatic! The young man who delivered it was right on time, and had the large hole dug and the tree planted by himself in under two hours. We have had only positive experiences at Summerwinds. The facility is clean and well organized, and the staff is polite and knowledgable. There is another nursery almost directly across the street, and Summerwinds is everything that they are NOT.
5	It was a good morning so far, talked to some great friends on the phone from around the world at first, then I decided to go to SWN for some seeds. I love going here on Sundays, very mellow, not to crowded but the best part of the visit was the playing of Grateful Dead tunes in the background. Yes, I am one of those weirdos who listen to the crap most play at stores but their sound track was very good. Bought my seeds, now ready for a great Sunday, thanks again!Great nursery, visited since early 90's
4	Great plants, reasonable prices :)  Their staff is ultra-friendly and knowledgable.
5	Love this place. The staff is super helpful and friendly. Got me all set up for my winter grass and gardening plans.
5	I've been coming here for plants since i bought my house in 2009. The staff here is super knowledgeable and are very eager to share their experience. The plants I've bought here have always been healthy and they provide plastic and trays to transport your plants if you don't have a pickup or an SUV.  Their prices are competitive with the big box home improvement store and they have a rewards program to boot.
5	I was on a hunt for some tall reasonably priced planting pots.   I was super excited that I was able to get 3 of the same type.   The service was great and I am stilled with my purchase.   I will definitely be back.
5	Absolute best nursery! i have been to 4 nurseries around the tatum and bell area and this one is by far the best in terms of workers there and pricing. always love going there and learn something while getting a great product i feel i got the best deal on.
1	This is a self service Nursery. Incompetent cashier. Rude manager. I could have literally walked out with anything. Had to wait for a long time, yelled out for help, not an employee in sight today. Finally a little girl steps out from behind the closed door, just to give me a dumb look, tell me she doesn't know how much the potted roses are. Then tells me she isn't supposed to leave the area. Instead turns around to disappear into office again, behind a closed door, to leave me to walk out, with no one watching the store. I called the manager who told me the roses were marked & he didn't understand why I couldn't see the price. Hey the Nursery across the street takes my money gladly.
2	First, let me say that I have bought lots and lots of small plants here and have been very happy with the quality and the service. I am very good with plants and citrus trees...However, my nightmare came when I purchased a $100.00 dwarf lemon tree in 3/13. It was a beautiful tree with 38 lemons growing when I bought it. All the lemons fell off. I went back to my salesperson, who told me that was normal. "No worries",he said," it will come back in the Fall and you will have a beautiful fruit-bearing tree next year". Well, despite my nursing it, it didn't come back as promised. It is sickly and nearly dead. So, I took pictures that clearly showed Summer Winds stores tags on this sick tree's puny trunk and I  took them to show my salesperson. I didn't want a refund but just wanted a healthy tree. He tells me to DIG UP the tree, ( rent a truck, I guess) and bring it back with my receipt from 11 months earlier. Please note the photo of my sick tree in the photo section. What an awful way to treat a good customer. Beware.
