2	I was not impressed with this clinic. Pros:1. The vet did tell us where to find pet meds for a cheaper priceCons: 1.Their website was not up to date as far as their location and address. 2. The staff was not very friendly. 3. I felt very rushed to get in and out 4. Received a card in the mail and thought it might be a welcome note but it was a request for referrals!
1	This place argues with you allll the time.  They won't do anything for you and want to make you  pay 4 times the rates of other vets.  DO  NOT GO HERE !
5	I have been taking my 3 black lab girls to this Vet for 7 years now. They are the best! I read these reviews below and I am shocked at some of the comments. Everyone at the Vet is great! They are helpful, friendly and show you different solutions/options (expensive and cheap) to help your furry children! Many times I walk out of there with home remedy solutions that they have given me so I do not have to go out of pocket a large amount.I go there because the staff is so knowledgeable and really takes an interest in each of my dogs. They go far beyond the call of service every time I visit. Dr. Brown and Dr. Ashenfelter are the Vets I am assigned to for my dogs and they are wonderful. All the Techs are great as well, but the 2 that stand out to me are Dawn and Stacy! They are so kind and my dogs are actually excited to go to the Vet, because everyone is so wonderful there! I get a follow-up call every time I leave there to see how things are with the girls.I have tried other Vets in Arizona, but hands down this is the place I want to take my dogs.
5	Dr. Potter and Dr. Burke have been caring for my cats for several years.  They have educated me and helped me keep them healthy; calming my "new parent" anxieties.  They have also walked me through two very difficult diagnoses and assisted me with decisions about treatment and euthanasia.  When the time came to end the lives of my two very sick cats, they (and the staff) showed more kindness, patience and compassion than I have ever known.
5	I've been taking my dog here to see Dr. Mendolia for the past 4 years, since I got him at the Humane Society. They gave us a voucher for a free exam and I can't say no to free. I stuck with them because they're great and treat my dog and I with the respect that we deserve.I am also shocked to see the poor reviews from other yelpers. My dog is old (around 12-19, depending on who you ask) with bad teeth and bad manners. I recently accidentally switched over to Dr. Burke (didn't think to request Dr. Mendolia), and he's great too! I don't think they have a single employee here that is rude or incompetent. They are all so kind and passionate, and extremely knowledgeable.Dr. Burke recently cleaned my dog's teeth and pulled a bunch of them, and that has greatly improved my dog's behavior and especially his breath. I had put it off for years, but Dr. Burke assured me that he'd be okay, and sure enough my anxiety was for nothing!I would recommend this place to anyone.
5	Dr Brown is one of the best vets in the world without question. The staff here are so kind and Dawn is the greatest tech ever. They are so caring, and great at picking up on things. Stephanie is a great groomer too. I highly recommend this place to any pet owners in Scottsdale.
5	I love this clinic. I've been taking my dog Reece here for the last two years since I've had her. Every single visit I've been pleased. Everyone is super friendly from the staff at the front desk to the vet techs to the doctors themselves. I brought Reece in today for an exam and we had Dr. Mendolia. She was so patient and kind and gentle with Reece. She answered all my questions thoroughly. We loved her! Although everyone we have seen have been great.I would recommend this clinic to any and everyone!
5	Took my doxie here on Tuesday and fell in love with the whole staff there that night.  I called at 615 asking about my dogs funny behavior. I decided against taking him in that moment and changed my mind 10 min later. I called and they stayed open so that I was able to make it there even though they close at 630. I agree they are pricey but totally worth the friendliness of the staff to myself and the care and attentiveness toward my dog. Will be going there for any other problems from here on out!
5	I just moved to AZ with my two miniature Yorkies. My Enzo, became very ill with bright green diarrhea, It was very scary and I had not yet found employment so my funds were tight. They gave me lots of options on treatment, not to mention, a new "patient" complimentary check up for both of them. The place was very clean, staff was patient with me, (using several credit cards for payment) prices were in sync with I was accustomed to paying. Bernadette, who was the Doctor's assistant, even helped me carry both babies back to my hot car and helped me strap them into their car seats. But the kicker was Dr Ashefelder, she called me first thing in the morning on the following day to give me the good news on my Enzo. I was so pleased with all the attention. I will continue to go to them. Thank you staff!!!
5	I have had two cats and a dog over the past 20 years and I've been to many vets over the years.  The compassion and care of the staff is amazing at this location.  I specifically want to mention Dr. Michelle Mendolia. She is so thorough and so compassionate about not only the care she provides your beloved pet but also you as the owner.  I would reccomend Dr. Mendolia and the loving staff here to anyone.
5	All of my animals see Dr. Mendolia. She is an exceptional vet - aware, kind, and good with animals and their owners.  I currently have two dogs and a cat.  One dog was a rescue and Dr. Mendolia helped us through the process of getting him healthy and in good shape.  She has treated my Singapora cat since she was a kitten and is now taking care of my mini-aussie puppy.  I also highly recommend Dawn, who is an incredible technician and can comfort and work with even the most difficult animals.  The entire staff is kind and helpful.  The care we have received at VCA McCormick Ranch has been of better quality than we have received at some of the specialized and exclusive feline veterinarians and other specialists.  I recommend them highly.
