5	I've been to both offices. The staff here always goes above and beyond for me. I had to review this listing to add it as a separate office from the Henderson office. I've been told by patients that this office always strives to go above and beyond for their patients.  They offer a cash price for patients who don't have insurance and are willing to work with them to set up payment plans. People don't understand that not all insurances cover the cost of seeing the doctor for certain procedures, and its hard to remember which insurance takes/covers what. If they have any questions they should consult the biller, who is more than willing to look it up and let them know, so patients won't be surprised by the bill.
4	I've been taking my son Julien to Dr. Vu since he was born in Feb 2011.  Dr. Vu was the one who checked on my son at St. Rose hospital after I delivered and we've been pretty happy with seeing him at the Rainbow location ever since.  I don't have any issues really except I sometimes wish the Dr. would explain more and welcome all my questions but I sometimes feel rushed off.  I must say after reading reviews for other Dr.s in this area, we have it pretty good still.  I am always able to get my son in if he isn't feeling well, usually within a few hours of calling!  I like that they have 2 offices and I have no problem driving to Henderson to get him seen ASAP.  I never have long wait issues either, which seems to be an issue everywhere else.  They have the 2 separate waiting rooms for well and sick babies and good play toys to keep them busy. Overall I am very happy with this practice!
5	I'm so glad I found this office. They have two offices.. One on Rainbow and another on Horizon Ridge. Dr Vu and his staff are always so helpful and nice!  Even if you just call for medical advice or you're there, they always treat you great!  Very helpful.. Especially Maria at the front desk :) my son actually likes going to see the doc..  Even for shots, they make him feel comfortable.  Only thing is they do have weird days open sometimes on Rainbow.. Sometimes on Horizon..  And sometimes you have to catch the doc at the right time or the Nurse Practitioner is who you will see..  But she's equally great and knowlegable.
5	We first met Dr. Vu in the hospital; he was the pediatrician on staff when our little Isla was born. Immediately, he was warm and welcoming. We loved the way he was with our baby; very caring and nurturing. From that moment, we decided to give Anthem Pediatrics a try. The office is conveniently located just north of the 215 and Rainbow exit. There are two entrances, one for "well" patients and one for "sick" kiddos. The waiting room is kid friendly and has a ton of toys for the little ones to play with. The staff is friendly and they really seem to love their jobs. There isn't a staff member I've met who hasn't been great. Not to mention, they treat our baby so well. My husband and I are beyond happy with Anthem Pediatrics!
1	Quite disappointed with the office. Waited 45 minutes for my daughters appointment. We ended up leaving early due other following appointment . When I spok to the medical assistant she wasnt helpful she told us we were next. We should have been informed of the wait time. We would have rescheduled and left instead of waiting for almost an hour. Anyone waiting more than 10 minutes needs to know how backed up you are. Customer service should be prime. Looking for a new provider.
