4	This is my neighborhood grocery store. The staff is very friendly and helpful. They have plenty of cashiers and self-check lanes(which dont always work the best)-they may want to look into what kind of scanners Fresh n Easy is using. You Can pay your cable or power bill here but Friday is not a good day to do it. They have great sales and they have a pretty nice meat selection & deli. The managers specials are a little suspect since its usually meats and products going bad. They have huge sales of holiday items after the holidays for 75% off. They deli/bakery turns out some of the best cakes and fried chicken around. Ribs are good too.
2	gee, thanx previous reviewer, "Jen L.", for letting us know about your rubbers... *snicker*... i don't like Smiths, really, because they are unprofessional and they have some really yucky characteristics... like the bread isle smelling like the trash bin out back and having no buzzer at the liquor section when its locked so i'm standing their waiting for the cows to come home or the tactless way they 'keep an eye on customers' by announcing over the loudspeaker "security, he's on isle 6"... um... i refuse to hate the whole company... i don't like to diss a whole organization for a few people's screw ups, but its been more than one Smiths and other people have told me the same kind of stories, so in summary... get it together, Smith's , or else i won't shop there and the previous reviewer, "Jen L.", won't buy her much-needed rubbers there anymore either
4	I've been to this one many times solely to use the customer service desk (pay bills). It's not too busy which makes finding a parking spot easy. Customers seem more normal here than the one that we go to more often (lots of weirdos). Recently made the news as an elderly woman was dragged by two females who stole her purse (she later died).
5	So it's not glamorous, but getting some food here for your room while you stay on the Strip is a big money-saver. It's easy to get to, plenty of parking, staff is friendly, prices are good. And the pharmacy staff rocks - I lost my Rx and they had a new one ready in an hour even though I'm from Florida. Nice!
3	Came here for a quick five minute pit stop since my friend needed laundry detergent. We easily located the product. Great!Word of caution: This location closes at 10pm. Lame sauce they're not open 24 hours like a lot of the other supermarkets chains including the Smith's by my house. This is Vegas people!!!
3	I don't like this store as it's woefully understaffed but I did just have a wonderful customer service experience for a little brown boy named Josh. That's enough for me to start thinking about coming here again not just out of necessity.Rest assured, this would be 1-star if it wasn't for the great service experience.
1	I have heard the manager here yell at the employees for the last time. I will no longer shop at this Smiths even though it's the closest to my house. Everytime I shop here I overhear the woman manager named Diana I believe, talking down to the nice employees there and totally belittling them in front of EVERYONE. Not cool, it's made me so uncomfortable too many times. Especially when she screams down the aisle bitching about something else while walking by me almost making me have a heart attack!
4	This store is the closet grocery store to me. I gave 4 stars because the prices are high. But you get what you pay for. Well stocked organized clean & spacious. The plus is they have a pharmacy including a drive-up window, also a Money Center for money orders bill payments money transfers etc. I snapped a picture of the front of the pharmacy inside the store, apparently the are giving it a face lift.
4	At first glance, this grocery store seems rather ghetto. The carts are never stocked, the place is sorta old and it could use a good paint job... But the manager is extremely nice and the staff is helpful. They actually have live people throughout the aisles!! The manager markdowns are constant so it is a great store to save $$ at and all the fresh food is actually fresh! I love this grocery store :)
5	I had another wonderful shopping experience at my local smiths today!! The manager john is always in such a great mood and very helpful. I feel like he is in 100+ places at once! I saw him first in frozen food, then restocking and then he jumped behind a cashier station when they were busy. No wonder this is the best smiths I have seen in Vegas! The management is seriously on-top of it! :)
5	The people in the bakery are awesome! They whipped up a wedding cake, on the spot.. They saved my butt!!!
