2	V-dara was V-average, at best.  The hotel clearly wasn't ready for guests based on my experience.  My stove top didn't even have knobs installed and the refrigerator didn't get cold, even after turning the controls to max., resulting in spoiled leftovers.  Housekeeping failed to make an appearance until I called them.  Also, the kid at the front desk was clearly an amateur who should be warming up at a cheaper hotel.  Wait, one more problem, the blackout shades have big gaps between them so the room doesn't blackout.The good news: There is a short bridge that connects to a beautiful, well-ran resort: Bellagio.  Also, the view from the large windows is very nice.
4	I really like the Vdara hotel and have enjoyed my stay here.  I do agree with other posters that there are yet a few kinks to be worked out as the hotel is so new, but I believe that these will get worked out nicely with a little more time.The hotel is clean and modern, nicely decorated, and has soft music and smells great (a huge plus after the old ash trays that are the other hotels).  There is lots of natural light and space in the lobby which actually has a rather small footprint.  The bar is sleek and tasteful but I can't comment further as I haven't had a drink there yet. Our room is nicely furnished and large.  The kitchenette didn't have plates or silverware so we had to ask housekeeping to send them up.  It took two requests before they came but they dishes and silverware were nice when they arrived.  The bathroom is beautiful, the bed comfortable.  I enjoy the free wireless internet that doesn't require too many funky passwords or logons as other hotels sometimes do.  The automated window covers are pretty slick.The gym is on the small side but beautifully appointed.  It shares space with the spa which together is named the "Health and Beauty Center" which made it difficult at first to know whether that was just a spa or included a gym.  I haven't checked out the pool.  All the staff so far has been very helpful and friendly although it has felt that they get their wires crossed sometimes and take longer to respond to requests than they should.  Again, I trust that this will get worked out in time as the team adjusts to their new working environment.Overall I really appreciate the quiet refuge Vdara offers from the sounds and smells of the strip.
4	The Vdara is a condo turned hotel that I checked out because it was offering a great deal.  As a studio apt, it's pretty spacious, albeit with a dearth of storage space.  As a hotel room, while I appreciated having a "kitchen" it was mostly wasted space.  There was one mini fridge stocked with the snacks and an empty one for your own use.  The stove top, sink, etc. was unused, at least by me. Bathroom:  Really enjoyed the tub and the Aveda bath salts and loofah.  In general, the bathroom is small-ish and I could have used a 2nd sink but I do understand that it was intended as a studio apt. Furnishings are dark, clean and modern.  My favorite part of the room was the whole wall of windows facing the Aria and the rest of City Center.  If you can, request a room on that side of the Vdara.  The lights of Aria and LV in the background are pretty impressive at night.  Also loved the electric shade and blackout shades which gave a lot of control over natural lighting. Vdara was not really intended to be a hotel/casino so it's very quiet.  If you want the crazy hubub of a casino, walk across the way to Aria and you'll get it.
4	A sanctuary in the middle of the LV strip.  That's how I felt as I stepped into Vdara.  I loved the fact that it was a non-smoking property.  I managed to find a deal so the room came out to about $145/night the last week of December.  For hotel guests, valet parking is your only option.  But it's free, so it's not a big deal - just make sure you tip the staff.  The valet staff were quick and friendly.  As other reviewers have said, it's a condo so included is a small kitchenette w/ a microwave, stove top, sink, fridge, and mini-bar.  You need to call housekeeping to request plates & pots though.  They are a green property so they don't have it available unless it's requested.  This is why they get 4 stars instead of 5.  I made a request but they never delivered it.  I ended up having to toss my leftovers as I did not want to bother with it anymore.The best part of the room was the soaking bath tub!  I took a bath every night I was there and loved it!  (TIP:  go visit Basin White at the Grand Canal Shoppes and buy a couple bath bombs.)  The bed was super comfy and the shades were nice.  My only other complaint is that there were gaps between the black out shades so that was kinda annoying in the morning.  Other than that, we really enjoyed the room.There is a walkway that connects Vdara directly to Bellagio so that was very convenient.  You end up being around Jean Phillipe Patisserie so make sure to grab a cute little pastry to eat!Vdara definitely impressed me so I would stay here again!
2	I wanted to point out some billing problems that the hotel is suffering.  My boyfriend booked the hotel for 3 nights under a promotion that would give him 1 night free.  During the TV checkout, the figures matched up.  However, the TV wouldn't email him a receipt so we had to go downstairs to pick up a receipt.  Picked it up, done. When we got home, we realized the receipt from the reception desk did not in fact remove the charges for the 1 free night as the TV had indicated.  No problem, call to get it remedied. They acknowledged the problem and proceeded to remove the charge.  Turns out, they actually ADDED one additional night and we had to call to remove that charge along with the first overcharge. Review your receipts carefully!!!  This place is seriously unprofessional and sloppy or working out some new staff kinks.
4	I stayed in a suite here with two other girls, so I'm not sure about the other rooms but we had a washer and dryer in our room!! We had a full size fridge and a kitchen. This suite was sweet (yes, I'm trying too hard!).  Some useful info - I wish I had known that I could call and have pots/pans/dishes brought to the room - no one informed us that.  It just so happened that we had our luggage brought up to the room and I asked about the washer/dryer - laundry soap was then brought up (why isn't it just in the room??).  I would have gone to Walgreens and bought some so if you wanna wash some clothes just call the front desk.  Our room had no hair dryer and I didn't notice until I had wet hair and we had somewhere to be.....it took almost an hour to get a hair dryer up to the room (and 2 calls, and lots of me bitching!!...oh, the mini bar was empty btw). We did get room service for lunch which was great but if you don't call....they just won't even come back to get it.  We came back around midnight and called for them to clean up and turned off the privacy light and went back down to the bar.....when we returned nothing had been done.  That was disappointing as we planned to have some people back in our room.  In the morning,  I was in the shower and a guy just came in to stock my mini bar.  When I popped my head around telling him I WAS IN THE SHOWER he explained he was just there to stock my mini bar....ok, I know it's Vegas and girls are walking everywhere with their boobs out....but we are in my room and I'm in the damn shower dude - COME BACK LATER!!!  That reminds me, when we FIRST checked in - there was also a woman that used her key and just CAME IN OUR ROOM...she was from housekeeping making sure everything was ok.  The next morning -  again, housekeeping did a half knock and just came right on....basically, if you don't put the privacy light on.....they will jump in bed with you...just don't ask them to bring a God damn hair dryer.Overall, with all that bitching....I stick with 4 stars.  The hotel was nice and I loved our room.  Remember that privacy light unless you want employees in your room!!!  Could be fun??
4	Great service, comfortable surroundings.  I went on a nice package deal coming out to about $120/nightKey points:No self park, all valet.  Free, but remember to tip.  Nice they have complimentary bottles of water by the valet, so you can grab one there before you head out.Rooms have a little kitchette with a stove, microwave, coffee maker and mini fridge.  They did have pots and pans and dishes upon rummaging around the cupboards.Was impressed by their multi charger hub (could charge an ipod/iphone, mini usb, regular usb and more!)  Blinds and blackout curtains were automatic ooooo...Calling the front desk got me everything I needed, sewing kit, tooth brush etc ...just tip the housekeeper or whoever brings it up to youFelt like a spa, liked the Aveda products in the bathroom, the super fluffy towel and bathrobes.  Soothing interiors.  Great views.Liked how close the Bellagio was,  just around the corner.  Didn't have to walk in the cold to get to Sensi, the chocolate fountain, rotating display etc.   The tram to Crystals and beyond was uncovered, but they're still constructing it.
2	We took advantage of some cheap rates to check out Vdara for a night, paid $160 including taxes and the $15 resort fee. Our room was one of their standard "suites", with a king bed, a queen sofa bed and a kitchenette.The room would be great for two people; any more than that and it loses some of its allure. The "living room" really isn't separate from the "bedroom"; they're the same space with a divider (open on the ends) separating them. There's a 42-inch flat screen (with HD channels) on both sides. The kitchenette has a two-burner cooktop and a tiny fridge, and I overheard a front-desk employee tell someone that you can request cookware and dishes to be brought up.The room itself is nice, on par with any new, modern hotel. It's certainly nicer than rooms I've been in at MGM, Mandalay Bay and NY-NY, but there wasn't anything especially "wow" about it. Nice decor and furnishings, the bathroom is really spacious and nice.The biggest problem was the noise. We were on the 41st floor, and were the next to last room on the western end, on the north side of the hall. This meant our rooms were very close to I-15 and the Bellagio's HVAC system -- so there was a constant din of noise, enough to keep me awake for most of the night. I can't imagine how it would be on a lower floor. To add to this, somebody started up some sort of power tool about 8am, further intruding on my attempts to sleep.All of the employees we encountered in the hotel were very friendly and helpful, and the non-smoking non-gaming nature of the hotel makes it a welcome, quiet respite from the buzz of the Strip.
5	i stayed here last week while on business. The lobby was very elegant in a minimalist fashion. Since the hotel has opened recently and it was probably only 60% occupied they upgraded both myself and my associate to suites. The suites were basically nice sized one bedroom apartments complete with washer and dryers and full kitchens. The place was impeccable. great workstation, bedroom and phenomenal living room so tastefully decorated. it didn't feel like a hotel room at all more like a very sophisticated friends apartment that you are staying at unbenownst to them. The amenities were also tip top from the completely modern and very friendly service oriented gym to the business center. This is one of the non gaming hotels in City Center however you can be in the Bellagio or Aria within minutes of leaving Vdara. I will be back.
5	I did a site visit for this place last night and I found it to be nothing short of stunning! I think the key to remember with this property is that one it is new, and two it is mixed residential. There are some small issues such as no sundry store on-site, but to be honest you can walk 100 yards to Aria to a massive shopping complex. The rooms are amazing and has some of the best views of the strip in town. The rooms are ultra modern and as you can see from some of my pics fantastic. I will update once I get a chance to stay. But as far I can see this place looks like a great addition to Vegas!
5	This was my first time in Vegas and i never want to stay in another hotel, ever! Vdara has no gambling and no smoking, so it's perfect for getting away from the rest of the strip life. The service was beyond excellent, and the food was insanely good. do it!
5	I stood here as a Valentine's gift from my better half. Absolute beautiful property, we were upgraded to a suite which was absolutely decked out & ridiculous. The rooms have a very modern/minimalist design, I loved our suite. I also like this this property is non-gaming/non-smoking. Living in Vegas it's nice to pretend like your not in Vegas for a bit..lol..I will most definitely be back.
4	I may not be the first to review the Vdara but I can still say that I was the first person ever to stay in my room and sleep in the bed! I may never do that again at such a luxurious billion $$$ Hotel and Spa. A large group of friends and I hit Vegas for a birthday celebration and to do a little running in the Rock n Roll Marathon. I just so happened to be the only single person on the trip and missed out on the Southwest Airlines package deal for the Bellagio. So my good friends super Internet savvy neighbor scoured the net and found the Vdara was opening the week of the race. One quick call to the reservation specialist and I had a fantastic suite for less than the Bellagio. First sight of the building from the strip and it gleams in the sun with it's curved walls of glass. Bell hop right out to the limo to grab my bags and off to my room with a quick stop to the front desk. Lobby is nice and quiet with two bars and an area to just chill. Something to be said for a piece of mind away from the hustle and noise of the casinos. My room was a modern design of glass, dark woods and an Asian flair with sliding doors. Kitchen, dining area, living room, bed room and a monster bathroom with a massive tub. Giant LCD TV and windows shades for day or night lighting. But why close the shades it will only hide the sweet view of the strip and the Aria and new mall. I have been to Vegas several times and stayed at a variety of Casiono-hotel combos at all price levels. I can say by far this is the best place in Vegas I have ever stayed. Even though the idea is not to spend any time in your room, Vdara makes you want to stay in.
2	The service sucks.  I sort of want to  leave it at that, but I guess it requires an explanation.  To be fair, if this were not a Vegas hotel, maybe the service would get better grades but Vegas is all about customer service and Vdara is severely lacking.The hotel does look stunning.  If you want to stay in a fancy new suite and have some impressive pictures to show your friends, you will succeed.  It is super cheap for what you get out of the room.Service Issue AWe were there for a trade show, which lined up with valentines day (my wife and I own a store together), so I ordered flowers and champagne which were to be there upon arrival.  The flowers made it, the champagne (which I had already paid for) did not.  This was a problem, as we arrived at 12:30 (3:30 EST) AM.  So my wife wanted to crash, but I had this other part of the surprise that had not shown up yet.  I snuck into the bathroom to call the front desk, who kept transferring me to room service, who kept not answering.  Finally I told the front desk to just take care of it and, after an hour and a half of keeping my wife awake, champagne arrived.Service Issue BOur coffee pot was busted.  This wouldn't be a huge deal if there were a coffee shop on site (I know, the bar sells coffee, but a real coffee shop) but like any time we required service all week, it took over an hour and three phone calls to get someone to the room.Service Issue CThe rooms come with a kitchen, but no silverware or dishes.  On our way up to the room we tried to pick up two spoons which they refused to give us any other way than by room service.  My problem with this was two fold.  One, I did not want to tip someone to take me two spoons when I was standing at the counter the spoons were behind.  Two, I knew It was going to take at least an hour and three phone calls.  Problem two was, in fact, a reality.It is quite a hike to get here from the strip.  The tram doesn't do anything, you have to walk so far through crystals to get to it that you're better off just walking through Aria.  It is not too bad going through the Bellagio.I liked the fact that it was non gaming, being there for a show, but doubtful that we would stay here again.
4	i would have given this place 5 stars it is plush the staff are friendly, the room service is awesome and served butler style. HOWEVER when we got into our room we found trojan magnum condoms (thankfully not used) in a drawer and a plastic cup lid on the floor (not a great start). I know it is a new place but simple cleaning of a room should not be a teething problem. apart from that it is great and would recommend it. the bath is the deepest i have ever been in, I stayed in THE hotel at mandalay bay before and would say there is not much between them but i do like the central location of the vdara.
1	Spend $500,000 to "buy" a unit, $600 in association fees and having to spend $30/night when I stay in my own unit I just spent 1/2 million dollars on?  Plus then when I'm not in my unit, I have to put my belongings in a locker so Vdara can rent the unit I 'purchased' for $500,000 on as a hotel and have the Clampetts who are getting "my" condo for $55/night off of Priceline?Sad, sad, sad and so "pre bust" mentality.
3	Agree with everyone about looks, place is beautiful!  Gym is sorta small and hot, but has a ton of cardio (treadmills and Xfit).  If you are coming, be SURE to ask what is still closed.  We came looking for poolside fun, and the pool is closed for at least another MONTH! I could see happy sunbathers at Bellagio from my room splashing around...Vdara you are a cruel Mistress!!  Service friendly, but rather inefficient...tried to get burned out bulb in bathroom fixed, no luck.  Coffee in room is Kcup, two free and more in mini bar, bring your own milk, only creamer.  Also found out that on-site restaurant (Silk Road) will no longer be open for dinner.  Call before you book for amenities...I think they are having some issues.
3	I only did a walk through as I wanted to see all of the new properties that comprised the City Center.  It's a beautiful hotel but there is nothing really that interesting there.They only have one restaurant which was closed and it was dinner time.  I could see a few people walking by and being disappointed that they had no where to eat in the hotel itself.  The place was practically a ghost town and the hotel attendant standing outside looked as if he was going to fall asleep!  Maybe they should have considered putting a casino here too.  At the very least have a restaurant open to service what guests you do have.
2	I wish I did a walk through before booking a room here.  I'm in my suite, on my bed as I write this review.  Vdara seems like a 4 star hotel when you initially walk in, however you soon realize that this hotel is not all that it seems.  The service is a solid three.  Nobody was rude, everyone was friendly and helpful, but there were instances where it lacked precision, poise and confidence.  An example of this would be with the concierge.  I called them to ask about about having a messenger pick up a BB Tour charger and deliver to the suite.  Over the phone, he was very helpful and said that I should come downstairs to check their chargers to see if any one of them worked.  I don't mean to sound like a princess, but I honestly did NOT want to walk my lazy ass downstairs.  I had  been working all day setting up our booth for a trade show and just wanted someone to come up and show me the chargers so I can pick the one that fits and put my feet up and RELAX.  So I walk my lazy butt downstairs to the concierge and find her helping another guest.  I wait for 5 minutes and can't wait longer so walk over to the front desk and they of course tell me to go back to the concierge.  I'm back in line behind the same couple asking all sorts of questions about some show seating.  I wait another 5 minutes and the concierge looks over to me says that she will be awhile and asks me what I needed in a slight annoyed and definitely hurried fashion.  I tell her another concierge told me to come down to pick up a charger.  She then literally dumps a bunch of chargers my way and tells me to choose one.  By this time I'm feeling like I interrupted Mommy and Daddy at a really busy time.  WTF!!!  Anyways, none of the chargers fit so I walked my ass to the business center as a just in case and surely they had one that fit.  Initially they told me to leave my phone there while it was being charged, but I asked if I could take the charger up to my room, since I needed my phone for business.  They said no problem and I gave them my room number and happily left that I didn't have to pay for a brand new one.When I got back to my room later that evening, I had a message from the business center saying that if I wanted to keep the charger for the duration of my stay, they would charge me $5 a day.  I still don't know how I really feel about that.  I screwed up and forgot my charger, but I just don't feel good about it.The rooms are nice.  It seems impressive, but again it's an illusion.  For example, the sunken in oval bath tub is nice.  Visually it looks porcelain, but it's plastic.  The LIGHTS!!!  WTF is up with the lights.  The switch turned on the ALL the lights, but you couldn't turn on the side lamps  by the couches unless the main lights were on.  It was weird.  They do have a kitchen and I guess it would be useful if you were cooking, but didn't need any utensils or plates or even kitchenware to cook your food in.  This is HIGH CLASS CAVE MAN LIVING!!  Seriously, what were they thinking!!  Who is gonna book room at a nice hotel and bring all the kitchenware with them??!!  The place just didn't make sense!Housekeeping is a 3 at best.  They came and cleaned the rooms, but our tub was dirty.  We had a epsom salt bath the night before and when we got back to our room, we realized that the tub was still had epsom salt stuck to the bottom of it.  The Q-tips and cotton balls weren't replaced and the toiletry in the shower wasn't put away.  All the other housekeeping service did this in every other hotel we stayed in including MGM, Wynn, and Luxor.The ONE restaurant that VDARA has is NOT open for dinner.  I can understand why.  The restaurant is just entirely BORING!  They probably can't afford to leave it open, since there may be all of 2 tables booked for the entire place.  The BEST thing about Vdara was the spa.  We booked a couple's massage and our masseuse were fantastic.  Really enjoyed that!!All in all, this hotel is for guests who are in Vegas strictly for business.  If you want pleasure with your business go somewhere else.  If a non-gaming hotel is what your looking for, Four Seasons may be in order!i guess you get what you pay for.  The rooms are pretty cheap for what you get.
4	I liked this place, not as much as Aria but I liked it. As soon as you walk through the doors, you feel that sense of tranquility because it's so calm and almost deserted. Customer service is great. Front desk and concierge are very helpful in aiding you in whatever you need. I had no problems during my stay. Some things to note:No self-parking, only valet. If you are driving your own vehicle, just park at Aria if you don't like to valet. It's a little bit of a walk but at least you won't have to tip them and can get your car on your own time.If you arrive in a taxi, they will take your bags up for you. I realize this is a nice gesture, but again you will feel obligated to tip them when they bring your bag(s) up to your room. Only the right side of the fridge is free. They give you complimentary Vdara water and two Keurig coffee pods daily. Nice little inclusion.The elevator is hot. Ok, so I mean that both visually and literally. Every time we set foot in that elevator, it was hot. Why? I don't know. It looks very stylish, love the side paneling as it looks like water. Makes for a great backdrop in a picture (we had a couple photo shoots in there if you know what I mean). Free coffee in the Health Spa/Gym area. Feel free to stop by and get yourself a cup of coffee in the AM if you don't like the Keurig pods (it is kind of weak). They also have Fuji apples if you fancy that.Things about the room:The view. Amazing. Luckily, we were on the 50th floor. Sofa bed. Surprisingly comfy. It was quite springy as a bed, but decent. I mean, my friend's back was fine the next day.King size bed. Comfy but for some reason I felt like I over heated when sleeping. Mattress topper maybe? Pillows were great and comfy too.Aveda products. Love the smell of rosemary mint when showering.Again, love the technology incorporated into the room: shades, housekeeping button, and lighting. Housekeeping is very good; called for additional pods, came up in about 15 minutes, also called for toothpaste, brought that up in 10 minutes. If you notify them that you'll be using the sofa-bed, they'll bring up sheets; we only learned of this after the first night of our friend sleeping sheet-less with one light blanket throw.Overall, I had a pleasant stay. We really didn't use the kitchenette for cooking purposes, mostly as a bar. Don't sit for too long on the sofa as you might get too comfortable and not want to leave the suite.
4	This place is nice but don't expect a grand lobby like the other hotels....the lobby here is nice but it is more like an upscale apartment complex....easy walkway to Bellagio. The rooms are nice we had a great view...for the money this is the way to go..but don't expect a totally happening scene here.
4	The Vdara is a great property and I recommend it highly.Spent over a week and it was great the whole time.Its a  new property and the rooms are large and comfortable.Room service was a surprise high quality experience.Great hotel and great staff.
3	Vdara was a thin line btw love and hate for melove that they allowed me to check in before 10am :)hate that there's no cafe, no tv in the bathroom, and the maid never replenished my qtips! OH their pillows are the bestest pillows ever!!!!
3	Vdara gets three stars for two reasons and two reasons only.  The room was exceptionally comfortable with a nice view of Vegas (we were on the 30th floor). It was exceptionally cheap at $179/nt. for a five star hotel.  A couple of additional cool factors were the salon...got a great blow out (I think the lady's name was Rachel) and they have a Veuve bar should you get thirsty.   I also liked that you could get away from the casino hubbub.After our friend's Johnnie Cash/June Carter themed wedding and way too many Sapphire and Tonics, we stumbled into our room around 2AM.  I noted when I made the resie through Expedia that Vdara claimed to have 24 hour room service.  This is key to your sanity in Vegas.  We specifically avoided foraging for food outside the hotel because we figured we could eat in our room.  When we called down, they said that they don't do it any longer.  When I asked for a manager and told them about the claim when we made the resie, not only did he not apologize, but he basically brushed me off.  No offer of a free breakfast, nothing.The next day, I realized that I had forgotten a brush, so I called down to the Concierge for a comb.  The lady said in a smug tone, we don't provide combs to guests.  WTF?  What kind of five star hotel doesn't have plastic combs for guests?If you want a nice room at a cheap price, Vdara is a good option.  Don't be looking for a cool bar scene, good restaurant or above average service.  You won't get it here.
4	i am one of the few people that go to vegas, and don't do the typical vegas thing. i've been to vegas a couple of times already, so don't feel the need to do all the touristy-things. that being said, my trip to vegas this time was to celebrate a friend's birthday.. the big 3-0!  i found a deal for vdara and was psyched to book it.  as others have said, it is a nonsmoking hotel with no casino.  this is actually why i really enjoyed staying here.  i could enjoy my room and the hotel, without having my clothes smell like smoke.  i booked a regular room but requested a view of the bellagio fountains and i was upgraded to one.  i loved the room. one whole side of the room is windows and i could clearly see the fountains and part of the strip (paris hotel).  the view was amazing.     the pillows were super comfortable..i want to buy a set of my own!  there was also complimentary aveda products (YUM), room slippers and bottles of water.  the only thing i did not like about the room were the blackout shades!!! they did not blackout the room! there were gaps so we were still awaken by the bright sun in the mornings.  other than that, i enjoyed the smoke-less, modern room in peace and quite, while listening to classical music (set from the tv). definitely a different experience than the typical vegas debauchery.  the customer service was very good, so we had no problems there.  oh and the pool opened a few days prior to our arrival there (we arrived this past weekend).  the location itself was good.  even though it wasn't exactly on the strip, it is literally less than a minute drive to the strip, so it isn't that far at all.  if you are looking for a little bit of peace and tranquility amid the craziness of vegas, this place is for you!  you can always leave the hotel and experience all rowdiness you need then. i will definitely return!
5	Awesome hotel!!!first thing you notice when u get in.....the SMELL....wowThe hotel is new so you will find a pretty nice hotel in a great location in the StripTips:- Make sure they give you the exact room u saw in the web....the one with the separated living room and bedroom( we realized that  If u have any kind of discount  - e.g AAA- they will give ya the smallest room they have)- They are still on construction in the city center......Its really hard to find how to get to the Strip .......rec: take the tram to the Bellagio and walk from there.....
3	Great rooms but not much else. Bit of a walk to anything and forget about late night food or drink without a walk. The kitchenette in the room is a definite plus though.
3	Stayed here for my birthday weekend. The over all hotel was beautiful. Downside is for all you smokers. They castrate you if you smoke in your room. You have to go down stairs out side the hotel. As for service... lets say i had better. With them being new.. wow it shocked me how many things still needed to be fixed with cleaning down to service. What made it better was my birthday champagne that i got the day i left that was meant when i checked in. The pool is small and above the valet. I think honestly they made it on purpose to reflect the light so you can get a tan faster. I suggest lots and lots of sun screen. The spa its self it is very small and intimate. I went there and I was the only one there.
1	I think I have the scale backwards. I thought 5 stars were supposed to be a good sign...My boyfriend had booked this hotel for a two-night stay this past weekend. We were extremely excited and couldn't wait to live in luxury for a couple of days. Unfortunately, we have never been so disappointed, EVER. We reserved a suite. When I say that, you think grand and lavish, correct? We did, too. What we got, though, was a studio sized room, a tiny bathroom with an even tinier shower and bath-tub, and a kitchen that served no purpose. The suite was very modern and sleek, but it was extremely unpolished and, imo, very poorly designed. The edges scratched us, the bathroom door was so hard to close because it was so stiff, the floor stained from water (WATER!), and the bathroom counter stained from my Bare Escentuals powdered makeup that I spilled. That shit is all-natural, so I know it wasn't my fault. To add to the list of negatives, there was no hot or cold water. Luke-warm the whole way, baby! We had ignored the small tub, but we couldn't ignore the fact that there was no hot water and so little water pressure that the sink overflowed without intervals of being turned off. Oh, and how about waking up in the middle of the night to use the restroom but finding that the door had somehow locked itself from the inside? How about going to turn on the lights to figure it out, but having none of the lights work? After we had found ONE small lamp that worked and a quarter to open the bathroom door, I had definitely had enough. Keep in mind that this was ALL on top of my biggest issue: allergies. My allergies are bad, but they were unbearable in this suite. I had turned off the AC and fans to prevent my allergies from acting up, but that didn't even work. I was up all night, every night. It honestly ruined my trip. I still can't figure out what it was, though, about the room. As soon as we left the room and hotel, everything was fine. Yes, make sure to leave the hotel because Vdara has nothing to do. It is the quieter hotel when compared to Aria. We often found ourselves going to the Bellagio next door, which was a good idea because we couldn't even stand to hang out at the Vdara pool with their $5 cup of sodas. (Even the bartender chuckled about how ridiculous the pricing was).Take this review to heart and don't think I am only whining or complaining. I do all of that, of course, but this is still an honest review. My boyfriend never complains, but he was fed up with this hotel as well. Moreover, he developed allergies while staying at Vdara!My experience with Vdara was horrible. The only things I enjoyed here were the view (from the 48th floor, helicopters were flying by our windows!) and quality time with the bf. I wouldn't come back.  So maybe they aren't entirely finished with all of the building and construction and that there is so much more to come and look forward to?!!? Well, maybe they shouldn't open it up to guests until then.
5	We were pleased with all aspects of our stay at Vdara. The room was spectacular and most rooms have some of the best views of the Strip. The room was well appointed, including a kitchenette and remote blinds for the windows. The design elements were quite pleasing and it was clear that the designers spent a great deal of time thinking about the smallest elements of the room. One of the best features is the tri-color lights on the outside of the rooms--indicating maid service and 'do not disturb.' The bed is one of the most comfortable ones on the Strip. The staff is incredibly helpful and professional, some of the best at any Vegas hotel. As far as the negatives that people have listed (such as people slipping in the bathtub, the bar being too small, or there not being a casino), these do not seem to be legitimate concerns. Save the lazy, most people can figure out how to walk 300 yards to the Aria and find restaurants, bars and gaming there!
4	Vdara! Is like my new word for fucking awesome!I stayed here this weekend for free with an Entertainment Group called Night Access with 150 girls to just simply rage for Spring Break. No Big.This place is very modern with amazing architecture. There are cool sculptures and artwork all over this damn place. I don't know what Vdara means but I think it has something to do with water of some sort. There was this really neat looking yatch contraption and the hotel was decorated with an aquatic vibe. Our rooms were so so so so nice. 2 flat screens.Window view of the strip.2 King Size beds.1 shower, 1 jacuzzi, with a full bathroom set. A living room.Closet with bathrobes and slippers.Microwave, a stove, sink, and a refrigerator. SEE WHAT I MEAN= Unbelievable! I have no idea how much it is to stay here but I bet it is expensive. I know there is a spa, health center, and a pool/lounge area. Also, the place is located at the City Center and is one of the newest and hottest hotels in Vegas. It has like 50 something floors. Elevator rides here was like riding the roller coaster at Circus Circus! So if you are looking to spend a little extra, book your shit here. The only -1 star point is that there is no food court inside the hotel. You have to go across the street to Aria, which still doesn't have legit alcohol soaking food. All that Vdara had was a bar and room service with was way pricey. But the staff were super helpful and friendly. I felt really bad for our maid. We trashed that place up. Well, what do you expect with 8 girls in one room. Complete CHAOS!  Water is free here too. Bottled water I'm talking. If you need extra pillows or towels, just holler at the front desk and service will come immediately. Like I said, this place is VDARA-TASTIC!
3	Beautiful architecture, amazing modern rooms with a mini kitchen; living room, LCD TV, separate shower and bath, slippers\wardrobes, and the bed will make you sleep like a baby.The downside, there is nothing to do here. Only some bar and restaurant, but even then it's quite dead at these places. At least it's a walk away from Bellagio or Aria which contains the casino and is smack right in the middle of the strip. I went on a Monday night and it was $130. I wonder how much it is on the weekends.I'd only go here in the future if i get a special or on the weekdays, otherwise you can get more value for your money at other hotels.
4	This place is my kind of hotel....I really cant stand hotels that have that plain old hotel feel... its just so boring!!Everything here is very modern, and very comfortable. The rooms/lounge/etc. Also a huge plus is this hotel is non-smoking. There is no gaming here either. Dont get me wrong I enjoy gambling and having fun with the best of them... but when it comes to where I am staying at I like to be able to get away from all that sometimes and just relax. This hotel really takes the cake at that. This hotel is in the brand new city center. It is a bit in rear end of it also, so to get to the strip involves a lil bit of a walk. That is really my only gripe...this should be considered a 4.5 star review... You can get to the strip from going down to the bellagio (there is a walkway), or through aria and out.Every employee I interacted with was very friendly and helpful. I would expect so being a 5 star hotel. But sometimes a level of snotty-ness comes with that territory too, but I didnt feel that here.I recommend getting a bellagio fountain side view... its great, especially at night!
4	It's L.A chic in L.V. When I walked in the lobby to check-in I was quite loud and talking to my friend for a few minutes while waiting in line. I then looked around and realized I had to use my library voice because we weren't in your typical hotel with a million people everywhere, slot machines making noise, etc. We were in an actual lobby with nice modern decor and this nice relaxing mandarin orange smell.  We stayed on the 30th floor and the room was excellent for the price. Everything about it was ultra hip/sexay. It came with a sexy kitchenette, sexy see through shower, sexy spa bathtub and sexy mirrors. I'd compare it to a room at Mandalay Bay but with a kitchen. They also provided Aveda shampoo and conditioner which I use and am a big fan of . The salon downstairs carried these products as well Every staff member from valet, bell-hop, registration,  to housekeeping was courteous and professional.  I didn't feel rushed or like I was being hounded for that tip like most other hotels. It's hard to find good employees that are both good looking and professional whether they're doing a simple or complex job, so I'm impressed with the staff here. I guess when you're working in a zen environment you tend to be nicer. LOL.  I only had one issue and that's when I was asking for passes to haze at the concierge desk. The gentleman said there was no guest list and when I asked why, he said David Guetta was performing. I then told him, David Guetta is at Coachella tonight and he performed last night at Haze. I was more irked that he wasn't looking at me in the face and he was just  surfing the internet without even trying to see if he could get us passes. When I called him out on not knowing why there was no guest list then he started to look, but if you're concierge, you better know every damn thing that's going on in Vegas, and you better know who's performing at the club in the sister hotel next door. Otherwise consider yourself useless. He wasn't completely useless since he got us on the guest list somewhere else. Here are my discrepancies:POOL: The pool is located in between both the Aria and Vdara which means you get a mirror facing a mirror with the sun's reflection beaming down on you. This is not the place to go after clubbing until six a.m. Usually we like to club until the sun is up and head to the pool and crash all day long to get that tan in. Well, we could only stand it for 20 minutes and that was pushing it. It feels like you have a flash light in your face while baking in an oven. I couldn't even remove my sunglasses for five seconds without being  blinded. I don't know why they didn't put the pool in another location or at least put some canopies covering the pool so there isn't so much glare! I've never been to Australia but I imagine this is what it's like to be in UV index nevermind.GYM: I always check out and use the gyms, and this gym was ugly and small. That being said, they do have cool lockers to store your crap in and always restock towels and water bottles. This gym has ugly brown carpeting, a window which is covered by an ugly curtain, three treadmills in one small cramped corner facing a carpeted wall with a window that faces nothing and three elypticals on the other side of the wall. The gym needs to be worked on immediately. It should be bigger. I have an issue with the hallways being small, but I'm sure that's the sacrifice for bigger rooms. Also it's a bit stuffy in the hall and rooms which I don't know how you'd fix that. There's also no gift shop downstairs which is a bit inconvenient. I'd stay here again for the right price, but if you're looking for a young party crowd try Aria. I found that each time I took the elevator, went into the lobby, or was at the pool/gym, there were more older tourists from over seas and a lot of older gay men with their young buff lovers.  Truth!
3	Definitely a very nice hotel, but they still have kinks to work out.Pros:- Nice & decently large rooms- beautiful view from the roomCons:- We had a lot of issues with either having no hot/cold water throughout our stay.- Our bathroom door locked every time you closed the door, and you could only open the door from the outside. needless to say, it made the trip a bit more interesting i guess.- a lot of ares of the hotel (elevator, hallway, entry way in the room) always smelled FUNKY. no matter what time of day, there was always a nasty smell lingering around. just a few little issues we had. this is no doubt a nice hotel though, very chic and modern. it was definitely pretty cool getting to stay in one of the new city center hotels.
2	The upside to staying at Vdara is the wonderful room layout. King size bed, large bathroom with a tub deep enough to make a hot tub, queen size pullout couch (very comfortable) and full kitchen with stove, fridge and any cookware you ask for. It's also non-smoking which is nice to walk into after walking through all of the other smoking hotels. All for $149! The downsides to staying there are the pool area and their customer service. The pool area itself is setup nicely with private cabanas, HOT sun and a great staff. However, this was completely overshadowed as the pool area was covered in green bugs and they were all over the guests unless we were in the water. This happened this past Friday morning on 4/16/10. We could only last for about 20 minutes in the water and without being able to sit around the pool we left. We tried going to Aria, which when I emailed guest services before I arrived said we would have free access to Aria's pool, but was denied access when we got there. This left us no option for a pool, which if anyone that goes to Vegas knows is pretty much the best part of the trip. Thank god we only booked Vdara for the first night and the MGM Grand the last two. We promptly went to get our things and check out of Vdara. When I checked out they asked if I was unsatisfied with anything during my stay. I mentioned the bug problem and the fact that guest services had lied to me (and I have the email to prove it) and the employee didn't really seem to care. So we hustled over to MGM and guess what...no bugs anywhere! I think Vdara's problem is the trees they planted on the third floor pool deck which seemed to be where the bugs were coming from. I would say the pool and guest services issues would warrant three stars since going to Vegas is about being pampered and there's no reason why someone should have to be disappointed in Vegas, but it goes on. I received an on-line survey regarding my stay after I checked out and I wrote out the issues we had with our stay. The survey asked if I wanted to be contacted by a Vdara representative regarding my stay and I requested to be contacted by telephone. It's been well over a week now and still no call. I mean it's one thing to not care, if you are Vdara, because people will probably stay there anyway since it is the new City Center, but don't send me a survey and say you are going to contact me and then not contact me. It's similar to a company giving employees a satisfaction survey and the company keeps the results for themselves so as to not communicate any discontent employees may have. It's just bad business.
3	This place is quiet for las vegas hotel, we called to request for more shampoo and it took 3 times. The bathroom is way small and the bed is not comfortable. We had a nice view and the place is clean away from hoopla of the strip.This place needs a foodcourt or a place to eat so consider that if you are deciding to stay here. If the price is right I would stay here again.
2	It was love at first sight.....the architecture, the pleasant smells, the smiles from the staff until..I saw the check in line. :( Never have I ever waited to check in at a hotel for over 30 minutes....until I entered Vdara. The front desk staff was cute...looked very professional...but...I took them forever to checkin the long line of guests. After finally checking in and getting our keys...we excitedly went to our room on the 38th floor and it was the wrong room., Now, I expected a different layout based on the website. After finally reaching the front desk....the guy on the phone was willing to move us to another room without coming down to that hell hole of a Front Desk.After settling into our room, we were able to relax and enjoy the great view of the Bellagio, the fountains, the Eiffel Tower, Rio and Palms. The room is roomy with a living room and flat screen TV and a bedroom seperated by a divider with King bed. The kitchen is gorgeous but, I think they could of did without the kitchen especially for transient guests because usually people visiting Vegas dont spend a lot of time in their rooms or in kitchens (duh!).I'm a big fan of The Hotel at Mandalay Bay and their 700 square feet suites with 2 beds and 1.5 bathrooms however, I thought we should try something new. Next trip to Vega-I will be at the Mandalay.
2	This hotel is so beautiful and truly smoke free since it's non-gaming and I want to like it SOOO badly but it's done me wrong so I can't!  The good:  Decor, architecture, newness of everything, super delicious food, good size rooms, amenities in rooms are nice including the Aveda stuff, valet guys are nice and the pool is decent.  Great value for the price.  The bad and ugly:  it took us almost an hour to check in our two rooms.  I used to work at a hotel for several years and I would say that's completely unacceptable.  We had to ask three times over the course of four hours to have our room cleaned by housekeeping.  Couldn't figure out how to use the bathtub faucet and when I called the operator, she said she had no idea...??   I emailed them and wrote them a letter about my experience two weeks ago and still haven't received ANY response.  Again, NOT good customer service.  Until they work on customer service and improve I would not recommend this place to anyone.As of Jan. 2011, also want to note that I emailed and snail mailed a complaint letter to their management and never got a response.  I used to work in a hotel and that is totally unacceptable.
2	This hotel has a lot of potential just not for Vegas travelers staying for a few days to party! Let's start with the kitchen..gorgeous kitchen but the only thing the hotel provided was coffee for the coffee machine, 2 wine glasses, 2 rocks glasses, ice bucket and mugs....ummm? So I have a gourmet kitchen with 2 burners, sink and I get glasses and mugs...yeah. In my opinion, the kitchen was a waste of space.The bathroom...was huge....with seperate glass enclosed shower and huge soaking tub. Not alot of places to hang used towels and washcloths.The room was a pretty good size for 3 females however, I missed that 1/2 bath The hotel at Mandalay Bay provided :) its tragic to see 3 females in 1 bathroom getting ready to go clubbing...NO PRIVACY! The bed was very comfortable...or either I was dead tired! Now for location, the Vdara is connected to the Bellagio via a breezeway. I wouldnt consider it a short walk to the strip.I think I would stick with what I know and LOVE, and stay at THEhotel at Mandalay Bay and rent a car.
5	Personally, this is my kind of establishment. It's Vegas, but discreet. It's not flashy but still clean and modern with complementing furniture that all gave it a great look.It doesn't have a casino and it is smoke-free, but that's the entire point of this hotel! It's situated in the heart of Las Vegas Blvd, but it's a great place to return to, offereing some peace and quiet, after a long night out.If you want more of that loud, 24-7 slot machine dinging noises, you might as well stay at Aria then. Don't stay here...this won't be for you.The rooms are really nice! Lots of neutral tones, but offer kitchenette, nice tv, robes, and roomy restroom. Oh, and the large safe is definitely a plus - I'm always a fan of having a safe in the room.They do charge a $15 "resort fee" which comes out to $16.80 with tax, but I think it's fairly decent. It comes with: - complimentary gym access (it was NICE! Had unlimited waters, headphones, stacks and stacks of magazines, etc.)- coffee - 2 little water bottles in the fridge (kind of lame though because you get these free anywhere in the hotel/casinos)- wifi accessI did find it odd that they have a kitchenette with stove, and yet..no pots and pans!? I later learned, you can have complimentary pots/pans brought to your room if you make a request through housekeeping. That was the only thing that turned me off since MGM Signature is similar to Vdara's philosophy and their kitchens are fully equipped ahead of time.Other than that, I really enjoyed this hotel and the tram connecting to Monte Carlo, Bellagio, & Crystals Shopping Center is convenient, however, it's a bit odd that it's not connected to Aria and it was kind of annoying to always have to walk through Crystals to get to Aria.
2	Ahh...the VDARA.I'll get right to the point.   The place is in City Center which is a new section of Las Vegas which is a little bit away from the "CENTER" of things (intersection of Flamingo and Las Vegas BLVD).    They reel you in with the amazing rates of $130 to $140 per night and then you get gouged on everything.   So in reality it's more like $250/night  $300/night Hotel.    The rooms are great - I would say almost fantastic, but holy crap.....  I ordered a simple club sandwhich and a coke...   cha ching!! ---  $32 later.. and the thing was so small I was still hungry afterwards.  YOu want coffee??   kablang!!!!!!!!!!!!    Get ready for this...   $10.50 for a cup of coffee... across the street at ARIA... $8.50 for a large Latte. Want that extra shot of expresso?   That'll be an extra $2.00!!!!!!!!!What the?    So......   I'm  borderline about to change my rating to a 2, but I'll keep at 3 just because it is a clean and very nice place.   Oh...  A glass of Pinott Griggio.. $16A Mohito $14Be ready to drop some cash..and yeah I know it's Vegas..but I've stayed closer to the action down by Ceasars Palace and I'm going to tell you ... it wasn't this expensive.   For crying out loud.. I was in the Venetian and beers were $3.00 for a full bottle...  here they're $7.00So you know what........the more I write and think about it.. it's a freaking 2 now.I'm not a cheap person, but I really do feel like they go out of their way to gauge the crap out of people.    The VDARA doesn't even have a Casino in it, and maybe there's my answer to why everything is so outrageously pricey.For crying out loud, I needed a simple long sleeved T-shirt..Guess how much that was going to be.......???   Hmmmm... $67Really?  My feet hurt... you think maybe between the over priced drinks and the 1/2 a club sandwhich and the fact that everything is so far away...someone would come to my room and give me a foot rub.I ain't never coming back to the VDARA.   Next time I'll stay in the tried and true Ceasars Palace.
3	The hotel itself was smaller than I had expected. The lobby consisted of one restaurant (Silk Road), a small seating area, a bar (Bar Vdara), and a small front desk all within relatively close quarters. The hotel room was modern looking, but definitely 'confused'.. You'll know what I mean if you stay there.The service was mediocre.. B- at best if even. We did use the bellhop/valet service who were surprisingly attentive. The front desk was nice (gave us a complimentary upgrade on the 47th floor with the Bellagio fountain view..) but room service (housekeeping, coffee refill, etc) were mediocre. The linens were dirty (all of the guests we stayed with came home with small rashes on our bodies) and the resort fee which included coffee/water never showed up in the two nights we stayed there. The room also had a pull out sofa bed but strangely no linens whatsoever in the closet.. Two requests and a "I'll come down myself if it would speed up the process" later, someone arrived with them. The bathroom amenities were sparse and missing quite a few things that the website promised. There was no face wash, lotion, toothbrushes, or even conditioner. There was two shampoos in the shower and a new bar of soap in the dish. And a strange number of towels... In haphazard locations. The dust also noticeably began to collect on the dark wood the following day. We do not order housekeeping room service during our stay unless the hotel has proven its ratings... And after reading some reviews we decided it was best not to. Also.. the lines during check in and check out were not as bad as some people have experienced.The restaurant was OK. We were confused at the decor and its name... We got to eat as part of the room voucher so can't really complain at the quality I suppose. FYI I didn't know, you have to pay the gratuity even if the dollar amount should be covered by the voucher.. So much for the happy tip I thought I left because I wasn't happy after I found out when I was checking out.Anyway, it was a journey to get from the hotel to the strip as other reviewers have stated. We just played at the Bellagio and Caesar's Palace but when we tried to find out way to Planet Hollywood / Paris, it was quite an epic journey.. Somehow we ended up at Aria finally and then after walking through Aria did we finally make our way back to Vdara. Unless you plan to only play at Bellagio and Caesar's Palace.. Probably not an ideal location unless you plan to take taxis everywhere. Of course, we were rejected from a taxi because they said Vdara was too close.. from across the street.Overall I wouldn't stay here again. Dirty linens is just my number one pet peeve. If you plan to make no requests to housekeeping and keep to the connecting hotels, this may be the place for you. We were able to stay for $125/night + 15% hotel tax + $15.99 resort fee and booked on the Vdara website two weeks in advance. I was going to get the resort fee taken off but my guests wanted to use the sorry-for-a-gym fitness center they had. If you pay more than this, it definitely won't seem worth it.P.S. We never got to stay at the pool b/c it was too windy, however it looked incredibly small for a 50-something story hotel. Also.. They expect a heavy deposit so be ready to pay for that at the beginning of your stay.
3	The hotel is more family-oriented as it doesn't have a huge sprawling lobby filled with gamblers, smokers, and drunk revelers. Personally, I like the idea of a smoke-free environment and not having to deal with large crowds or a confusing lobby layout if i'm just trying to go home from the day's activities/night out. Aria is literally just 200 feet over next door with all the tables, slots, restaurants, lounges and clubs for that. +1 star. Cons:   For such a huge 5-star hotel, their check-in process was below average. We called in at 10am to see how early we could check-in. Early check-in opens at 1pm. We showed up at 1:30 after a long road trip but were told that the room wouldn't be ready until 3pm. 3pm was the guaranteed time. That's 1 hour later than most hotels on the strip. Luckily we could leave our bags with the hotel in exchange for stub and we're allowed access to the pool. We go to the front desk at 330pm, and the room still isn't ready. THATS BS. They tell us to come back within the hour and give us 2 free drinks at the bar by the pool side. By this time, we are quite honestly quite inebriated so the extra comped drinks send us over the edge and we are in a happy drunken state with no room. We come back down to the front desk from the pool and try to check-in. This time the room is ready so that's cool. But the nice girl behind counter doesn't even voluntarily offer us anything to cure the inconvenience.We gave her hella shit and got upgraded 2x over to a corner city suite on the 50th floor and $50 of credit good for anything. That really amped things up coz the views from the room were breathtaking and the room itself had a kitchen, washer/dryer, a living room, gorgeous bedroom, huge walk-in master's bathroom, and a second bathroom in the common space area. HMMmm..another thing, no ipod dock station. I thought most hotels would have this by now. Instead they gave us an audio cord that plugs into the TV. If we didn't get comped, this might have been a deal breaker so im giving it minus 1.5 stars, for epic failing at such an impt part of the check-in process.    This hotel has the potential to be a legit 5 star experience but i don't think its quite up there yet. It only opened 6 months ago and maybe the staff is still quite inexperienced and operations arent as smoothas they are supposed to be. Tips:    Booked thru hotwire. Paid $120+ 25 for misc recovery fees blah blah = ~ $150 for a sunday night of Memorial Day Weekend.Honestly, not a bad price.
5	After my experience at Aria, a night at Vdara was blissful.  In fact, the bed was so comfortable, I had a hard time getting up and going to work the next morning.  It didn't hurt to have an upper-level room facing Northwest; someone finally paid attention to my request for the most peaceful and quiet room possible.  The bright lights of Vegas are fun when I'm walking the Strip, but once in my room I prefer a view of the mountains and the interesting, natural and ever-changing canvas of the sky.  The room itself was decorated in a low-key fashion with muted, earthy colors, and the lay-out with the room divider holding the television screen reminded me of the eco-friendly contemporary rooms at Cavallo Point in Sausalito.  The kitchenette was full of high-end appliances, but not utilized this visit.  I appreciated the extra dining space, as well as the nice bath area.  (There was a deep tub that unfortunately, again, was not utilized.  Water pressure was fantastic, though!)  The architecture of the hotel is interesting; it is comprised of three "rows" of rooms that slightly overlap at the ends.  I wish I had more time to visit the spa or eat at the restaurant on the premises.  Service (check-in) was efficient and professional, and I would have no problem staying here again.  As for choosing between Wynn/Encore and Vdara, it will simply depend on the mood I'm in.  Whimsical, luxurious and romantic?  Or down-to-earth, serene and natural?  Neither would be a bad choice.
4	I never knew Vdara was a hotel but, I guess it's more of a condo-tell...All rooms were suites and my cousin was staying here for a business meeting. So, I got to samps the premises!Everything was what you'd expect from a new hotel and one that is on City Center property --- MODERN! Flat screen tv, hot tub, stand-up showers, kitchen, mechanical shades. I just wish there was a flat screen in the bathroom when I took a hot tub :p lolThee BEST thing about the room were the Aveda products *big grin*Considering the building itself is far from other buildings and it doesn't have a casino in it; the hotel was really quite which is good when you're in town for business; and not for partying (*gasp* I know, shocker!). And because its away from other buildings, the pool was pretty nice, quiet, and, best of all, not crowded!Stay here! And give the bathroom products to me :D
5	stayed here a few nights recently and it was perfect. the room was nice and comfortable and it was located on one of the top floors so i had a really nice view. i think i paid a 15 bucks a day resort fee which included valet (which i used many many times), wifi (which by itself is 15 bucks a day at other hotels) and the gym/pool area. id most definitely stay here again.
4	Hey LV Yelpers!I stayed at the Vdara last month for 2 nights while visiting LV for the weekend.Beautiful hotel... love the lobby, vdara bar, big room/bathroom, windows.I really enjoyed my room service breakfast @ 7am.VdaraBar is great to have a drink before or after arriving to the hotel. I am a fan of their lattes! One of the bartenders is from Hawaii =]If in LV, stay at the Vdara... NO gaming/smoking... which is heaven for me.- 1 star due to having a kitchen with no utensils!? what's the sense of having a kitchen when it's empty? and for waiting for 1 hr to order room service breakfast... when the menu in the room stated differently.In the end, Vdara is a safe choice =]
4	Beautiful new and clean hotel! Great location, right next to the Aria although it was a little confusing to get to via car. Our room was fantastic, we had a little view of the strip. I loved all the little pieces of modern decor and accents, the electronic blinds were fun to play with as well!The lobby is very small, and there are no casinos which is a good and bad thing depending on the guest. I personally loved the smoke-free air. The pool is beautiful too and easy to access even for non-guests since they don't check your room key.However the service was quite slow when we requested new towels (they kept taking our extras away so we had to request new ones every day) or extra sheets or kitchen utensils. They are probably limited in staffing since it's not a super large hotel. Otherwise I had a great experience here!
4	Came back from the debauchery and stayed at the Vdara.  I got a city suite for the weekend and did not regret it one bit.  This was 1 bedroom, kitchen, and living area.  Two 42" LCDs and the bathroom is designed for him and her.The best part is there is no casino AND no smoking.  The lobby isn't crazy with tourists like at all the other hotels.  Check in and check out was a breeze.  There weren't any kids or tourists running through the hallway.  Very upscale, if you bitch about the price, go to Excalibur and split a $75 room with 3 other people.  You do not belong at the City Center.The hotel is in the city center but it's in the back so it's a walk and tram to the hotel.  I suggest cabbing it.  From the strip, you see Aria and Vdara is to the rear and right.  The restaurant is not that great, a bit over-priced in my opinion.  The bar in the lobby is great, as it's usually chill and better than the other hotel lobby bars, due to its open design.  The pool is on the small side but since it's on the 3rd floor, it's more private than the casino hotels.This is my hotel of choice moving forward.  =D
3	Stayed at Vdara for one night on a quickie trip to vegas. Booked same day through hotwire.com and got it for like 115 or something- it was a Monday night. Pros-BRAND NEWNON SMOKINGNO CASINOSMELLS AMAZING throughout hotel FREE VALETVERY CHIC DECOR IN ROOM/LOBBY2 GIANT FLAT SCREENS IN ROOMGREAT PRICESCons-RIDICULOUS TIME TO CHECK IN/OUT (45 min) LEFT A NOTE FOR MANAGER TO CALL- NO RESPONSEHORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE  NO CLOSE LATE NIGHT DINING BESIDES ROOM SERVICEREALLY CONFUSING TO FIND... You have to go as if you are going to Aria and then go across Harmon to get there... took us like 20min to find even using GPS... taking Vdara drive off of Harmon takes you to the employee part ... very counterintuitive... Lots of quirks to be worked out but for the price I would stay again since I like the location, non smoking, views, and laid back atmosphere... I think by the next time I go to vegas they will have their ish figured out...and if not- I'll let you guys know! :)
4	Vdara is a really nice hotel to stay in.  I've seen many hotel suites in Vegas before including Caesars Palace, The Palazzo, The Venetian, and The Hotel at Mandalay Bay.  The suite that my friends stayed in had a lot of features that many hotels i've stayed in didn't have.  There was a small mini kitchen in our suite that included a stove top and range hood.  Some other features include a doorbell system that doubles as a "do not disturb" as well as maid service signal.  There were also automated blinds that would go up and down with the push of a button. There were also different types of room set-ups with dual 42 inch flat screens that split the living area and the bedroom area that my friends stayed at.  The suite we got only had one flat screen, but felt more spacious.  .   I have to say the best part of staying in a suite at the Vdara is the view.  The view from my room was a view of the Luxor, MGM, and Mandalay Bay.  The view across the hall had the Bellagio, so we saw a lot of fountain shows when my friends were hanging out in that room.  Some of the pros of the hotel is that the air is infused with some kind of scent, but i guess it's bad for the guests who want a substance free feel.  The other pro is that the entire hotel is smoke free.  There is also a walkway to the Bellagio and a tram that connects the hotel to the city center which is cool.  The only con i could think of about the hotel is that it isn't exactly on the strip.  It's a fairly decent walk to get onto the strip.  I can see myself staying at this hotel more than once.
5	Beautiful hotel and a great place to stay when you travel to Vegas.  I've been to many Vegas hotels, and I think this is best one I've stayed in so far.  This is the boutique hotel experience on the Vegas strip.  If you want luxury hotel, then go to Encore or Wynn; if you want themed go to Bellagio, Caesars, or Venetian, but if you want a relaxed, classy, boutique experience, then this is the place for you.  I think this does the W hotel experience perfectly, and it's centrally located on the Vegas Strip.     I stayed there with my wife for 4 nights.  The prices are very reasonable.  They charge you a resort fee of $15 for use of their facilities and internet.  When we stayed at Aria just next door, they charged $35 for use of hotel amenities and another $15 for internet use daily.  I like that Vdara doesn't try to shake you down for every little dime like most Vegas hotels.  The lobby is understated and quiet.  You don't have to walk through a smoky loud casino to get to the elevators.  The pool is small but very nice and well serviced.  None of the rowdiness or riff raff that you get often in other places.  I really enjoyed staying here and found everything pretty faultless.
5	My wife and I just spent the weekend at the Vdara and loved it.  Arriving into the Vdara was a little tricky, since the entrance and valet area are elevated and intertwined with the Aria arrival.  Once we found the right place, everything past that was awesome.  We had a late arrival (11:30 pm) and were greeted with no line to check in.  We got a pleasant surprise by being upgraded to a deluxe suite, which surpassed all other venues that we have visited in Las Vegas.  The room had its own dining area, a separate 1/2 bath, full size kitchen and amazing views.  The bed was COMFY and the room was as quiet as I would imagine a tomb would be.  It seemed as though the hotel was near maximum capacity, yet we felt as though our floor of the hotel was exclusively ours.We love to walk, so the stroll to the Bellagio or the Strip or the Aria was refreshing.  The Vdara felt close enough to the hustle and bustle of the Strip, yet just far enough away.We wrapped up our stay with some time by the pool.  It's not a huge area, but large enough to find some space of your own.  The staff was friendly and attentive, offering up umbrellas and drink service.  It was a great place to conclude our stay.All-in-all, I'm putting the Vdara at the top of my list for future trips to Las Vegas.
2	Being that I was on vacation I really wanted to just relax and have fun. The first thing I disliked about the hotel is that they do not have a self parking lot. Yes they do have valet but having to tip the valet guy every time we go in and out of the hotel is not something we wanted to do. So instead we parked at Bellagio and walked back to Vdara each time. The second thing I absolutely hated was that the bed was way too soft and killed my back. I know I could've asked to switch rooms but I felt like it would be a hassle to repack everything and move. They told us that they were upgrading us to a room with a view when we checked in. We got a view of the swimming pool but I didn't know that there were rooms that didn't face either the pool or strip. The hotel was pretty empty as we hardly ever rode the elevator with anyone each time. Our room was small even though it was supposed to be a suite. I did like the modern look of the hotel. I also really liked the bathtub after long days of walking in the heat. I don't think I'll be staying here the next time I visit Vegas. I expected alot more from a new hotel.
3	Stayed at Vdara for three nights the past week as we found an amazing deal through the travel agency.  Upon check-in, we were told that there was a "MANDATORY" resort fee ($15 + tax = $16.80 per day) that we had to pay, which included 2 tiny bottles of water, 2 coffees, newspaper, valet, access to the fitness center and pool (which wasn't IMPRESSIVE at all by the way, similar to a gym pool).  I was like, "Aren't these things STANDARD for every single hotel?"  The person at the front desk kept repeating the same thing, "This is a MANDATORY resort fee.  Unfortunately there are no exceptions and everyone has to pay for it".  To be honest, I wasn't very happy with this arrangement because we were not told about this HIDDEN FEE in the first place.  Right, $16.80 extra isn't THAT MUCH per day, but still, I wasn't happy with the fact that we weren't told about this upfront, and I wonder if the fee was even disclosed.  I later checked with the neighboring hotel, Aria, and found out that Aria has no resort fee or whatsoever.  I hope sooner or later, this charge will be dropped altogether for all other customers as it is absolutely ridiculous in the first place!  Something that is standard in EVERY hotel now becomes an excessive luxury, and we didn't even use the fitness center or the pool (which was closed on the last day due to weather condition).If one is looking for some quiet time, this is definitely the hotel to stay as it does not have a casino.  Personally, I think it is a bit inconvenient as we have to walk via an outdoor pathway to get to Aria.  Each room is a suite which has a living room, dining area, microwave, coffee machine, kitchen, etc.  The room has nothing to complain as it is contemporary and quite high tech. Overall, I'd give it a 3 star rating; honestly, there are so many other hotels on the strip that I can visit next time.  Vdara does not have ONE particular area that really stands out for me to be a loyal customer or raving fan.  The call is on you--you make the choice, but at least you now know about the resort fee and won't be hit by any surprises!!  :O
4	Had a great stay at this place.  It smells amazing, the rooms are seriously cool, and It feels like the elevators are rocket propelled.  I stayed at the Imperial Palace a night before and waited 10-15 mins for an elevator from the 13th floor.  I then stayed here, on the 50th floor, and never waited more than 30 seconds for an elevator ever.  Comfy beds, quiet no casino lobby, amazing views, and good service.  It is close to Aria, Bellagio, and the strip.  Pool is small but has a good atmosphere.  Next vegas trip I go on, Vdara will be a top choice.  P.S. look on Hotwire for a 5 star south end hotel, this is the place
4	Me an my friends stayed at the vdara on memorial day weekend an I will say I would definetly recommend the stay here,  we booked the 2 bedroom penthouse suite, they had a limo waiting for us at the airport an also to take us back to the airport. An the service was great , everyone was pleasant an treated us with respect . I would definetly stay there again the rooms where huge , the view was great an it's right across the walk way from the hottest club in Vegas . Haze .
5	I straight up LOVED this hotel. First off, yes it's past Bellagio and away from the madness, but being there for my 21st birthday and staying out all the time made me run back to the peace and quiet that is Vdara. The very first thing I noticed when walking into the lobby was the smell. They must inject something into the air because it smelled a little fruity, but wasn't too strong. The hotel itself is super modern and everything looks and feels new. Check-in was at 11pm and we only waited about 2 minutes since there was another person in front of us.Our room was awesome. We stayed in the Deluxe Suite and had a huge TV and a bathtub along with a glass shower and the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in. Seriously, by the end of our stay all we wanted to do was take the bed home with us!Room service was excellent and we never had any problems. I ordered myself a Club Sandwich at night and it was $18!!! A little pricey, but hey, it WAS 3am! We stayed on the 41st floor and our room overlooked Aria, the sister hotel. The Aveda products made it even better and we always had enough when coming back into the room. Props for having the Tram right there as well! That's pretty much how we got around. The pool was only 3ft deep, but I'm not a huge swimmer and wanted to go hang on the strip so that didn't bother me too much. Overall, I'd deff come back again! Man, I miss that bed!
5	Stayed at the Vdara this past July 4th weekend.  It was a pleasantly enjoyable experience.  The first thing I noticed when arriving at the Hotel is the fresh smell of roses in the air.  It was wuite refreshing compared to being in the casino hotels where your are breathing in smoke.  The people at the front counter were really nice and informative.  We had asked for directions to a few different places and they gave us the quickest route to take.  There are no casino area so don't expect to do any gambling at the Vdara, but you can just hop on the tram and go right next door to the Aria and gamble away.  I like that it has no casino area because I can sleep at night without having to hear the slot machines going off from my room.  Plus the hotel is not crowded compared to a hotel with a casino.I stayed in a deluxe room on the 45th floor and it was more spacious than I thought, especially the restroom.  The room was decorated in a modern style.  There was a kitchen area for the people that like to cook their own food or warm up the left overs from last nights dinner.  There are shades located on the glass windows that you can open and close.  A 40 inch LCD TV (with HD channels) mounted on the wall and it displays your name on screen to welcome you.  You can also use the TV to check out.  How cool is that !?!  There were plenty of towels / robes located in the restroom.  The bed had plenty of pillows and was comfortable to sleep in.  The accommodations: You will have access to the pool and gym area.  The local news paper will be delivered to your front door every morning.  Free internet included with your stay.  Maid service is amazing.  We had stuff all over the place and the maid service cleaned up the entire room.  Organized our belongings and provided up with fresh towels.  It was outstanding.  This is coming from a guy that normally does not want maid service when staying in a hotel.The location of the Hotel is good and bad.  In a good way its located in the middle of the Las Vegas Strip and you have access to anything on the strip within walking distance.  You just have to take the tram to Bellagio or Aria and make your way on the strip.  The bad is it is located in the middle of the strip and traffic is quite a pain on Las Vegas Blvd.  Always busy and congested.  One last small thing that bothers me about the hotel is they don't provide plates, silverware, pans, or any other kitchen items even though they provide you with a kitchen.  Other than that, everything about the hotel was close to being perfect.In conclusion, it was a great stay for me and my gf.  A clean, comfortable, quiet place to stay at.  A great hotel with outstanding customer service / accommodations.  What more can you ask for.  Highly recommended.  You won't regret it.
5	Loved it!!!!! I just stayed here for 3 nights and we had 4 of the 2 bedroom penthouse suites. It was beautiful and very comfortable. The beds are awesome and i really enjoyed the Aveda products in the bathroom, It felt like I was at a spa. The pool was actually awesome, it was mellow and very relaxing. We had 2 cabanas on Thursday and Friday and that comes with the use of private dipping pools which were the best. Katie our cabana hostess was the best, she was always there to help and kept the strawberry daiquiri's coming. The service was stellar and they even sent champagne up to celebrate the 21st birthdays in our group. My favorite thing was the whole non smoking aspect which was the best after being out at the smoke filled casinos and clubs to walk back in and take a breath of really fresh air. I will be going back to Vdara again.
5	The CityCenter of Las Vegas is an amazing architectural marvel. It is an artificial grandeur. I got the 38th floor; a "Vdara Suite." Pros:- A lovely decor; very modern and pleasing, yet homely.- STELLAR view of the Strip.- No casino = family-friendly.- A convenient walkway to Bellagio (for the fountain show) and beyond.- The room is very new and hence clean.- A convenient tram operates in the CityCenter.- I like the rather simplistic interior of the lobby. It's by no means mundane or mediocre; it's a relaxing, royal yet "simplistic" feel.- The tub included a shower-head.- Good, firm bed (not the cheap kind).- Large two flat-screen TV's.- Kitchen appliances include cups for drinking water.- Fantastic deal; $116 for such a room is a hard-to-find deal. - Five-star hotel atmosphere.Cons:- The kitchen area in the rooms will be useless for most travelers, but inevitable because this is a part-condo residency. Makes the room look a bit smaller than advertised.- The parking is VERY confusing (we had to go around three times). TIP: Vdara has complimentary valet parking; just go to the entrance and the guys there will offer you one.- One of the door to the bathroom was broken.- Two lights (one for the toilet, one above the tub) were not working.- The queen-size pull-out bed is next to useless; hundreds of the bed spring will poke your back.- Since it's located close to the I-15, you may hear the cars (but it won't disturb your sleep).- No TV in the restroom.All in all, I enjoyed my stay at Vdara. It made me nostalgic for the metropolitan life. If you don't mind the absence of a casino, you will, like me, love the hotel.
5	I think I'm staying at Vdara when I'm in Vegas from now on-- here's why:- Valet service is free!  (Just tip them because they do a great job).  They were also very fast and friendly and asked if we needed directions anywhere.- Check in mid week- no line at 3pm, easy, fast- Check out was fast- done from the room- Elevators- fast, close to check in- Bag service- friendly, fast, and they noticed that we had some bottles of champagne that we had bought somewhere else and they made sure they were safe and taken care of.- Walk way to Bellagio- close to elevator, clean, covered, under 5 minute walk- right into Bellagio hallway to main lobby.  At first we didn't see it and walked out of the casino, down the street, and all over till we finally got to the strip.  Then, we discovered the walkway right into the Bellagio and that made our stay so much more convenient!  It was so easy to get over there and not a bad walk at all, especially for the strip.- Room (deluxe suite): two plasma/ LCD TVs, fridge (we fit 2 bottles of champagne and 6 water bottles in it with room to spare), microwave, stove top, free cookware and utensils, etc (just notify housekeeping), dining area for two, desk, blinds and black out shades controlled on wall, great air conditioning, closet space, living area comfortable enough for 4-5 people.- Bathroom great with Aveda product, a separate shower and soaking bathtub, and lots of lighting.- Housekeeping service was great, we didn't have any issues with that.  There's a setting on your doorbell (yes, doorbell) that you can set to notify them that you would like housekeeping services and when they come by, they know when to do it.  No annoying placards needed.-Did I mention the view??  In our standard room, we had a view of the Bellagio Water show, Paris Hotel, and the strip, as well as the Palms and Rio, the mountains, and most of Las Vegas all from our huge panoramic windows!  Plus, there were black out shades and curtains controlled on the wall so that we could sleep in without the sun pouring into our room.But, there isn't a casino in the hotel, so if you are the type that can't stop gambling all night or needs to do a couple of hands of poker between brushing your teeth and getting into bed, you might be a little disappointed by that.  Fortunately, the Bellagio is connected to the hotel, so you can always go there; plus there are other places in City Center to wander around at that are really nice.  There is a restaurant and bar there but we didn't go there while we were there.  There is room service, but with having a mini-kitchen, we didn't need that.  And there is a pool, but we didn't go to it for some reason... We did use the bathtub quite a bit though and that was very nice.We were thrilled with our stay here and will definitely be back!
5	Received a great rate the first few weeks it was opened.  As locals we are always quick to try new places and see if they deserve to make our rotation.  Vdara was clean and swanky, the suite was quite large and modern, but still super comfy.  If you wanted to avoid the smoke  and the slot-machine jingle this is a great place.  Out the back door is the walkway to Bellagio, cant get any easier than that.
2	This place was horrible. It took at least 4 or 5 calls to get through to the front desk, our room service order arrived cold after a long wait, and I was told to just use the microwave to heat up the food. This is not what I expect from a 5 star hotel, let alone a 3 star hotel. The pool staff was not friendly either. Overall, an unpleasant experience. Stay away from Vdara. You're better off staying at a 4 star hotel on the strip.
5	Absolutely amazing. I will be staying here for all future Vegas trips. A list of everything that I loved:- The room. We had a Deluxe Suite - kitchen, stove (you can call the front desk for cooking utensils), 2 flat screen TV's, a VERY comfortable California King sized bed, jacuzzi tub, shower, and an AMAZING view.- Great ambiance - it was so nice to stay at a place without an attached casino. I know, sounds crazy, but here's the thing - you want a casino? 100 steps over to the Aria. It was so relaxing staying at a place without the casino dings and buzzers. Also...the Vdara AND Aria smell amazing. I can't explain it, but whatever they are doing, it's working.- Service. The concierge/front desk staff were fabulous and catered to our every need.- Price. We booked 6 months in advance, and got a crazy deal through Priceline - 4 nights, airfare included - $600/per person.It's a little oasis in the middle of Vegas. Book it!
5	The best Hotel I have stayed in in Las Vegas. The rooms are gorgeous and absolutely amazing. The service is fantastic and the fact it is completely smoke-free is great. The bar at the ground level is not open 24hrs, but if you walk across the street to Aria, they have one that stays open. Price was not too bad, 250 a night, and we were upgraded to a suite.
4	I have been to Vegas more times than I can count now, and I've stayed in a wide range of hotels: Venetian, Luxor, Monte Carlo, Palms, etc., so I know what to expect, usually. Overall, I was incredibly happy with this hotel and with CityCenter in general!- Vdara is a non-gaming hotel. I'd never stayed in one of those in Vegas before, but it's clean, quiet, smells good, and is a VERY nice retreat from the hustle, bustle, noise, and lights of the casinos.- CityCenter is huge, but it's in the middle of everything, and getting out of it really isn't hard. You can a) take the walkway to the Bellagio, b) use the tram, which goes from Vdara to Aria to the Monte Carlo, c) take 3 minutes out of your day to walk from Vdara to Aria, or d) take a taxi, which will get you anywhere else you need to be. I don't know anyone who's willing to walk for extended periods of time in 110+-degree heat... even if your hotel is right on the sidewalk of the strip.- Super friendly staff! Very helpful, very knowledgeable.- Rooms were beautiful and well-appointed. Every single room has a kitchenette, and they have an extra mini fridge where you can stash all of YOUR drinks... this is almost unheard-of in Vegas hotels! They do give 2 free bottles of water a day (included in the resort fee), and while they're small, this is more hospitality than others show. While the Venetian is still one of my favorites, pretty much nothing is included in their room fees.- Nice decor.- Fairly small, fairly quiet pool. Like I said, you can go over to any of the other pool parties in town and get your dose of house music and binge drinking, but the value here is in being able to escape that.- Cheapest pool cabanas in town! My girls and I got one for about 250, which included a fridge full of drinks, some frozen fruit, a goodie bag of sunscreen and skin products, and a couch/tv in the shade all day long. Anywhere else, you're looking at at least 500, if not more... we did our research before we booked this one!- Everything is close to the lobby: all of the elevators (compare this to Luxor, where if you walk in the wrong door, you might walk a mile just to find the right elevator), the walkway to Bellagio and therefore the tram station, the restaurant... everything is very, very convenient.- The gym is small but nice. They provide you with towels and water at no charge.The only thing I took away stars for is that housekeeping didn't always fulfill the daily freebies requirement; one day, we'd get our free waters and newspapers, the next, we wouldn't. One day, they organized every last thing in our messy room, right down to the fake eyelashes, and the next, they left everything in it's un-proper place and just gave us some fresh towels. I'm not incredibly picky about that sort of thing, though, so it's only one star off.Overall, I would absolutely recommend Vdara! It was a great experience, and as part of CityCenter, it's close to everything brand new and red hot right now in Vegas.
2	Okay. You don't feel like you are in Vegas. It's conviently connected to the Bellagio. Loved the kitchenette. NOT PLEASED with housekeeping leaving my room A JAR when they were done cleaning. NOT PLEASED with hotel manager who did absolutly NOTHING when I reported this.  Um yeah. It was my 7th visit to Vegas this year. And I'll NEVER stay at Vdara again. Thanks, but no thanks.
5	"I pulled up to Vdara about seven or eight (in the morning)And I yelled to the cabbie 'Yo homes smell ya later'I looked to my kingdomI was finally thereTo sleep on my throne, CUZ I'M HELLA BEAT!"Why do I love Vdara?  Because after a long night of going out in Sin City, right when you pull up to the front of the hotel, oh looky looky, the elevators to your room are RIGHT THERE.  Yup, that's right, no walking through the casino while you're half drunk with weak legs that would even have Foster Farms chickens giggling like hens.Don't stress!  If you have an itch to gamble, Bellagio's casino is no more than a five minute walk away.  That's the same walk you'd be making if you were staying at the Bellagio anyway so don't complain.The staff was extremely nice to us and we got an upgrade to an upper level Lake View suite. SWEEEET!Modern decor, the rooms are set up to maximize room efficiency.  Job well done.
5	Classy, Elegant, Charming, & Beautiful. Worth every dollar!Just got back from my 3-day vacation at the marvelous Vdara. They were running a special on their deluxe suite which dropped the price dramatically. Watch out for internet specials they often have on their website. I just have to say that from the time we arrived at this hotel, up until we checked out, we have received nothing but the BEST CUSTOMER SERVICE and CARE....Valet was fast and easy, and when you enter in this hotel, you smell nothing but fresh flowers! We had 5 people ask us if we needed help with our bags even though we insisted in carrying it ourselves. Got upgraded to a deluxe suite with a view! The hotel room itself is amazing. Up to date furnishings with a contemporary feel. We were on the 35th floor with the marvelous partial view of the city, mountains, and Bellagio fountains. Separate tub and stand up shower. TWO HDTV's, FREE internet, media hub, and electric shades and curtains! The customer service and personality of this hotel is AMAZING. Ordered room service and they set up our food in our kitchen table for us. There was never a wait for extra towels, coffee, water, or anything we needed. Even though this is a non-gambling a hotel, you are in walking distance of Aria (which is another beautiful marvel in City Center) and also Bellagio. We had no problems driving to reach other casinos as Vdara is right on the strip and central enough that you can go just about anywhere. The valet service is fast and free! Just give them a tip ($2.00 would suffice) If I had to make one complaint it would have to be the issue of finding this hotel. There is still construction going on at the City Center so be careful when reaching this destination. It can be tricky! If you are looking to be rowdy and run wild where you are staying THIS IS NOT THE HOTEL FOR YOU. There are no drunk hooligans running a muck in the hotel lobby or gamblers blowing smoke in the air. This is an escape from the Vegas chaos. An oasis with comfort and style. But still close enough to be able to do all those "wild" things that people usually do in Sin City.
4	Brand new and beautifully modern. It's clean, classy, and calm.I wasn't sure how I'd feel staying in a "non-gaming" hotel, but it was actually kind of nice. And if you do get the itch, the Bellagio is literally five minutes away.The pool area is nice - get a cabana for $250 all day -- it's a bargain compared to what you'd pay at other hotels. With the cabana you get a bag of sun goodies (lotions, etc.), a fully stocked fridge, access to the private pools, four chairs and towels, and a shaded cabana with a big screen TV.Also, I loved the pool wait staff -- Katie I think her name was -- was great! So nice and friendly, and more than happy to oblige us by snapping photos of our group.Yes, it was a good day at the pool.The rooms were suites. Huge bathrooms, a kitchenette, comfy beds, and electric blinds to shade the big ass windows that offer you a panoramic view of the strip. You can even see the Bellagio fountain show from your room.Rooms are about $200/night. Totally worth it, and I'd definitely stay here again.
4	Honestly, Vdara is my kind of hotel. As much as the bling of the Vegas glitz and glam is invigorating and oh so conducive to forking over more dough while living it up in the City of Sin, I have to say that staying at such a beautiful + classy hotel as Vdara has almost shown me a different side of Vegas... gambling-free + smoking-free. Located further to the back of the new CityCenter, it is located on The Strip but is removed enough that you don't feel like you're in the middle of everything. Entering in from the Harmon Circle loop, the hotel lobby is mostly dark woods with pops of color or light here + there http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=6YEnpx-qloIfFX-L9uyfbQ&select=YXJ3ItUoxyx1WznzsZYZow with a bar + Silk Road restaurant further down at the end. Most notably, there is no smoky, loud casino anywhere within the hotel which gives it that level of class right off the bat.  We booked a Deluxe Suite for 2 nights for our group of 5 girls + the price was $199 / night for a weekend stay not including tax or resort fees. Had we booked earlier or timed our trip differently then maybe it would have been cheaper... but then again, it's Vegas on a Summer weekend so it could have been worse. And for the price, we got everything we needed + more!First off, valet service is FREE. Yups, no trekking through self-park in the heat back to your room. And then secondly, because there's no casino the elevators are very conveniently located close to both the front desk + the front doors. Awesome. Heading up, our room was on the 39th floor ... + entering into our room, we were surprised to see that our suite pretty much included a whole mini kitchen. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=6YEnpx-qloIfFX-L9uyfbQ&select=n6A4Oj4PG4K0b1WJZfiFbA This wasn't just a micro-fridge propped in a corner like most hotels but actually a kitchen with ample counter space, large metal sink, microwave, mini-fridge, cabinet space + even a stove top! Then on the other side of the entryway was a dining room table, too. The rest of the suite is then a bedroom http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=6YEnpx-qloIfFX-L9uyfbQ&select=LcPszvcM6Rd6E3mGcu-6YA with a middle dividing wall that creates a living room on the other side http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=6YEnpx-qloIfFX-L9uyfbQ&select=GjJfrDsqp7XkWoGuyeTz5g + then a large bathroom. Words cannot describe how cool the set-up arrangement is or how pretty the contemporary decor is. But at the very least... the 2 large flat screen tv's, the separate shower + bathtub, the fold-out queen sized sofa bed, the panoramic view with electronic-controlled shades + the multiple different light switches for ambiance lighting were extra wow factors that made this suite a perfect choice for our group. And other little amenity details like a corkscrew bottle opener, robes, a bathroom scale, the button-activated "do not disturb" feature + our own doorbell ... oh man, over the top!  ***Check out the rest of my many photos for some of these details!***  The customer service is overly gracious with all their please's + thank you's right on the mark from the valet to the front desk to the housekeeping. I had room service bring us bed sheets for the fold-out bed, extra towels + extra champagne flutes in the middle of the night + they were on it so fast that we heard our doorbell within not more than 10 mins.  Aside from wishing we could have found a better price... my only qualms about Vdara are the $15 resort fee per day for water bottles, wireless internet, coffee for the nifty coffee machine, gym access, etc... plus the walk to The Strip. Sure it wasn't too bad to go through Aria, past some art galleries + down the stairs since that beats winding my way through an endless smokey casino any day but still. Apparently there's a walkway to Bellagio that's a shortcut to The Strip, but we never found it.Since we didn't get a chance to try out their restaurant, rooftop pool or extensive spa services either, I definitely would like to come back to stay in Vdara again someday. Until then... 4 stars just because this place almost seems too good to be true for Vegas.
2	We just got back from 4 nights and three days in Vegas.  We were very excited to stay in the new City Center, and a non-gaming hotel at that.  We arrived around 9 and had to wait to check in (only one person working the front desk).  We waited about 10 minutes to check in, but the girl at the desk was very friendly, so not a huge deal.  The room (25th Floor) was lovely, though small, with a kitchenette and fridge (have to say, the fridge was nice--big enough to store the drinks that we bought from the CVS).  The coolest thing about the room was the electric shade (sheer and blackout), so we played with those a lot.  The bed stands out--it was heavenly....SO Soft, and the PILLOWS!  Unbelievable.  The decor was nice, particularly the room signs and the handy little light system at the door that let you push a button to get a do not disturb light or a housekeeping light on your doorbell.  That being said, there were no amenities in the hotel--there was one restaurant that only served (a very expensive) breakfast and lunch.  Room service was plastic-wrapped food that you heated up in the microwave.  It was also a haul to the strip, and you had to go to the Monte Carlo to find any affordable places to eat.  The pool was nice, although nothing out of the ordinary, and the food and drinks were incredibly expensive ($10 smoothie, $14 snacks).  The last time we were in Vegas, we stayed at Paris, and I really felt like we got a better experience.  I just felt like it wasn't a good value for the expense, and maybe just not our crowd....next time we'll stay someplace a little bit more fun (Paris was fabulous, Planet Hollywood looks cool, too...)
4	Vdara is an upscale classy hotel that shields you from dirty side of Vegas (it doesn't smell like cigarettes and AC). The suites are heavenly with a full kitchen, dining table, living room, memory foam bed, large LCD's, mechanical blinds and the list goes on. The staff is very nice and well trained. I have nothing bad to say and recommend Vdara to everyone.
4	Was here for a 3-day stay, this past week.  Pro's:  very classy, clean lobby/check-in area, you get the whole Feng Shui post-modern Asian vibe from the moment you walk in, with a faint unobjectionable scent in the air that is certainly an improvement over the musty smoke odor in most casino hotels on the Strip.  The room/suite is equally welcoming and clean, bed very comfortable and the AC functioned nearly flawlessly at 68 degrees, perfect as I was a day-sleeper between a stretch of night shifts at my job.  Bathrooms are gorgeous, too; I had a couple of friends from Germany staying at the Flamingo, and the young lady in the party practically wanted to defect from her stay there, to crash on the pullout sofa-bed in my suite.  Cons:  they seem to be having issues with the call valet system.... on most occasions, it was worthless to call down to have the car waiting, and when you did go down, had to wait upwards of 10 minutes for your car.  Don't get me wrong, the staff are very professional, and they [mostly] seem to be trying, but it was a minor frustration when time was an element, and you need to be somewhere.  Also the chain of communication between the front desk and housekeeping was a little lacking; I called down to ask for extra glasses on 2 occasions.. once it took nearly an hour, and the second time the wine glasses I asked for never appeared; and yes, the "do not disturb" light button was off.  Another lapse regarding repeated requests for a set of silverware; first request went unfulfilled, and second time I got a full set of pots, pans, and non-stick cookware, as if they were trying to kill a fly with an elephant gun, and throw anything I could have wanted at me, to quell any more "petty" requests; this was a minor annoyance.Generally the staff was otherwise very pleasant and accommodating, and there were no really major lapses; I'd definitely go back, as it's a great respite and alternative to the mind-numbing chaos of many of the strip hotels, and was a great value with the summer promotional rate.
4	I probably wouldn't have opted to stay here if it weren't for the 72 hour sale (20% off). I mean, I'm going to Vegas to lose money, not stay in my hotel room all weekend. ;) I'll have to say, though, that it was well worth the price (about $340 for 2 nights).Check-In was a breeze. My friends and I got the Deluxe Suite and my, oh my, was it sweet! We had a party of 8 and were able to get conjoined rooms. SUPER-AWESOME! The room itself came with a king bed and pull-out queen, 2 HD-TVs, a shower and separate bathtub, and a kitchenette! Internet also came with the room, so that's always a plus if you've got some business or social-networking to handle.We were pretty hungry the night we arrived and decided on some room service. We must have called the kitchen 3 times as a couple of my other friends trickled in. The service didn't take long to arrive, they had set a nice little dining setup in our kitchenette, and the food was good and hot. No complaints here!The next day, we went out to the pool. We grabbed a cabana (which you can see in more detail from Nicole J.'s review) and life at that moment was just great. Katie, our personal wait staff, was more than excellent. She was super friendly and had a great sense of humor!Check-out was also a breeze. I was leaving before my friends so the lady who was helping me said she'll leave a note in the system so that they won't clean the room until noon. Great!My only complaint is that there were no hookups for my ipod/mp3 player. The other hotels I've been to usually have a crummy radio clock with an auxiliary cable but not Vdara. Out of all places, I would have never thought they wouldn't have this available. I mean, how else am I suppose to get ready with my girls in our hotel room without our own music? Thank goodness I caught my friend before she left and she brought a pair of speakers. The night was saved!Overall, great experience. It's a nice place to stay if you wanna feel a little fancy and would prefer a non-gaming/smoking hotel.Where's the 'like' button on this? :)
3	I read the reviews on Vdara after I found out this was the hotel I got off Hotwire.  Vdara wasn't my first choice in the options that I could have gotten, but I had no choice since I'd already paid the $$$ so I went in with a positive attitude!Honestly, everything about Vdara is amazing from the quick check in, to the great views from the rooms, to the room itself with the kitchenette, and the bed was amazing to sleep in too (veryy soft :).  I liked the tram you could take to Crystals and Aria too.The only complaint I have was the customer service wasn't good.  We literally called the concierge and no one ever answered.  We had to call the front desk a few times if we wanted to talk to them before someone would pick up.  Also, there are hardly any late nite food choices so if we forgot to eat before going back to the room we just didn't eat.  The bell desk and valet on the other hand were quick.  If I had paid $280 to stay here like some people I would have been pissed because for that type of money the Venitian or Wynn or Encore would be a way better choice (much bigger rooms and better service), but for $80 a nite I really couldn't complain!PS If you are going to stay here, make sure you go the buffet at Aria, it's sooo good!!! Endless Crab legs and really food desert. xo
1	Your hotel has the poorest customer service of any resort in Las Vegas. To anyone reading this consider if you would stay here if during YOUR stay a family member passed away and you had to leave immediately. Not only did Vdara doubt the story and refuse to issue a refund for the remaining day(s) THEY ASKED FOR A COPY OF THE FUNERAL PROGRAM.All just to check out early without a penalty.Vdara - your conduct here was detestable. You and your management should be ashamed of the way you conduct business. Especially in today's economy we consumers have choices - and my choice as well as that of my family and friends will be to never spend our vacation dollars with you again.
4	so id been planning an all girls (no boys/no kids) trip for MONTHS. LITERALLY months! my girlfriends & i were coming from all over the united states to meet up. (turns out, half of my gf's are flakes & it turned out only being 3 of us!!). anyway, we all wanted to get away & have a little fun & relaxation. vegas? relax? yeah, thats what i thought too. so i booked our rooms at vdara because it was a non gaming non smoking hotel with a spa. uh, yes please! once i got off the shuttle from hell (freon had all leaked out & the driver didnt tell us until we were on our way that we were without ac!), i walked into the hotel & i think i heard the angels singing! this place is amazing. calm, relaxed, kind of an art deco thing going on all over the place. (the restaurant looked a little out of place, but whatever.)check in was a breeze. unfortunately there wasnt any upgrades available since there was a conference that checked in that morning. (the girl helping the person next to me told that guy the same thing so im thinking theyre telling the truth.). i forgot to tell my credit card company that i was leaving the state, so when the girl helping me swiped my card, she told me in a low voice that it was declined. (there werent very many people around, but she still took the courtesy to do that. very cool.) anyway, she gave me the option of using another card or cash. THEN she mentioned to me in that same low voice "if you use cash, you get it right back when you check out, rather than waiting two weeks before showing up on your card again!" SOLD-i used cash, called the credit card company from my room, and used that for dinner that night instead! finally got into my room. it was AWESOME. its HUGE w/ a small kitchenette (no oven, but there is a microwave, stovetop, & mini fridge). i really liked the size of the bathroom. with three girls staying there, we had PLENTY of room & werent tripping all over each other. there was a pull out sofa which house keeping turned out for us every night & folded back up every morning. it was actually reasonably comfortable considering it was a sofa bed. the view wasnt of the bellagio fountains, but it was still amazing. it was the backside of some of the other hotels & the mountains in the background. SO pretty.i fell in love with the shower. theres an adjustable shower head (it has a rain shower setting & goes to a massage setting.) and it was about as big as the half bath in my house!the housekeeping staff was AWESOME. everytime we left, we came back to a tidy/clean room. the gym was kind of small, but really, how many people are gonna go to the gym at any one time while in vegas? it was really nice though. it syncs up with the nike+ running system on the treadmills. it also has small tv screens that you can watch while running. there were also some other machines, but i didnt really use them. HINT: if you run out of bottled water in your room, theres PLENTY in the gym! you wont have to go buy any. use the walkway to bellagio to get to the strip. its the quickest way! in a couple of minutes youll be back to the hustle & bustle of vegas!overall everything was AWESOME. i absolutely loved it. im thinking this trip should be an annual thing....
4	Different from most places on the strip.  Purely a resort, so no casino, no smoke, no wild drunk teenagers stumbling around the lobby, no crowded pool area with no places to sit and relax.  Very classy, very quiet, a breath of fresh air.It's brand new, and you can tell,  The rooms are quite modern and clean.  Complimentary valet parking, which is a plus or minus depending on how busy they are.  Their gym is also quite nice, with complimentary drinks and coffee.  We were there on a Saturday morning, and hardly busy at all, plenty of open machines.  I didn't make it to the spa, but I'm sure it's fantastic.  The pool area was gorgeous, not too crowded.  Kinda surrounded by tall buildings, but all glass covered, so the sunlight bounced around and still got to us.There is a quiet bar in the lobby of Vdara, but if you absolutely need the "chaos" of Vegas, the Aria, its casinos, bars, and restaurants are right next door (walking distance, even in platform heels!).  The Crystals shopping area is also nearby (but for the really high rollers, not really much to truly buy.  Fashionistas, I would suggest the Forums or Fashion Show Mall).  Through Crystals, and you are on the strip right across from Planet Hollywood.  There is also a shuttle to the Bellagio.Would I go back to Vdara?  Maybe, for a quiet, romantic weekend (maybe a girls' weekend).  But usually, when I'm in Vegas, I like the "chaos"...  Will probably end up at my usual Palazzo/Venetian.
1	Boo Vdara!  Not worth it for the money.  Yes, it's a new beautiful building.  However, the staff were, let's just say, less than helpful.  The service left much to be desired.  The rooms were ok but not great.  I was there a few weekends ago and wouldn't go back.  Disappointed.  There are so many options in Vegas.  Spend your money elsewhere.
4	At first I was hesitant about staying at Vdara since it looked so far away from the strip on Google Maps, but was pleasantly surprised at how convenient and nice the hotel was.Firstly, there is no casino downstairs.  That actually turned out to be a good thing since it wasn't loud, smokey or teeming with bleary eyed drunks and/or people losing money.  On the contrary, it was quite classy and relaxed inside.Secondly, the room itself was pretty sweet.  Small kitchenette, 2 large flat screen TVs, SUPER comfy bed, ginormous nice bathroom with separate shower and bathtub.The amenities were okay.  The gym was pretty nice with lots of complimentary things such as headphones, unlimited waters, towels, etc.  There were a handful of cardio machines, some weight machines, etc.  The pool and area was so-so, but that was alright.  There is a walkway from the hotel lobby to Bellagio, which is a bit of a walk, but no more than 5 minutes.  You can also access Aria right across the street, but it was a bit frustrating since you have to walk around a circle outside (we all wondered why there wasn't an above ground or underground direct walkway).  The only thing that was kind of annoying was that there was an awfully strange smell by the entrance of our room, like stinky feet (and no, it wasn't from us).  We were hardly in our room enough during our trip to bother mentioning to the front desk, so I'm not going to make a big deal out of it.All in all, it is a very nice, modern, clean hotel situated only 5 minutes from all the action of the strip.  It's a great reprieve from the sometimes gaudy, sketchy, smokey environment that you get from other hotel casinos.  Would definitely recommend it to anyone and I would stay again next time I'm in town.
4	This being one of the new hotels on the strip of Las Vegas, it has a modern theme to it. PROS -+ a chill, classy, relaxing resort.+ clean pool, clean rooms, clean hallways, clean everything.+ The rooms are extremely modern, with an electric mini-stove, refridgerator, microwave, dinner table, super soft bed, etc.+Extremly friendly staffsCONS -- This wasn't the ideal place to stay when you're in Vegas celebrating your 21st with your girls. (IE - little black dresses + alcohol + stumbling to the room = hard stares)
4	My experience at the Vdara Hotel in the newly built City Center was nothing short of spectacular. The modern themed resort is located in the city center right off the strip across from Bellagio and Paris resorts. The hotel from the outside looks like a shiny convex/concave mirror that grasps excellent views of The strip and city center depending on your room. When we arrived the Valet service was on point and baggage trolley ready. As we walked inside we were quite surprised how easy it was to check in. No walking across casino floors, no lines, no smokey air, and right to the point. Very different from the USUAL Vegas hotels. We arrived at the resort at 9am in the morning and our reservations weren't ready yet. Since all the rooms are suites I asked if there are any other rooms available earlier and they upgraded us to a room with a view of the bellagio fountains for FREE since our rooms weren't ready. Def an excellent way to start off our vacation. The check in was very fast and the service was really friendly. We ended up staying on the 39th floor. Another convenient aspect of the Vdara was the elevators, turn right from the check in and boom! The elevators are right there. No going thru all the chaos and noisy casino floors. This is a GOOD thing after a long night out, stumbling out of a taxi cab at 5am and wanting to go straight to the room. Of course being a high rise the elevators are very fast and can be quite queasy at times. When we approached our rooms the hallways are very clean and modern themed as well. Electronic doors are nice and easy. As soon as you walk in a kitchen space with a table, microwave, stove and fridge. Then the living area with a fold out couch and a divider that holds a flat-screen TV and desk workspace. IF YOU HAVE MORE THAN 3 PEOPLE DONT STAY HERE, No cramming friends into this hotel room because it will be uncomfortable for all. Its a smaller room that is great for 2-3 people MAX. It has a very comfortable king sized bed and a spacious bathroom with a bathtub, shower, toilet, and sink area. Again everything is straight to the point. Best part of the room is the 4 panel panoramic window that over views the Bellagio resort and their fountain show. The property is perfect for the people that want to stay in Vegas without the young, drunk, gambling type of people. Much more relaxing even the pool. If your looking to gamble, the Aria resort is a walk away and has all the rest of the amenities for the party-goer. Another great part about the Vdara hotel is the walkway connecting the hotel to the Bellagio resort so you can do all your shopping or go to the casino, restaurants, and nightclubs. Overall I would def stay at the Vdara again. Great prices, Great amenities, great staff, and a great overall time.
4	Stayed here with three girlfriends in June to celebrate a 21st birthday.  This hotel is the BEST NON-GAMING hotel.  It is very much so a spa type place.  Great to go and relax, non-smoking, quiet, definitely not a place to party.  The reason my friends and I chose it is because we knew we would be out and clubbing and partying super hard elsewhere and we wanted a nice, calm, luxurious room to come back to after.The staff was all friendly enough, my favorite was a bartender at the bar downstairs.  Unfortunately I don't remember his name, Dave was it?, anyways, he was amazingly nice and funny.  We stopped here to get drinks before we went out at night and each time he was wonderful.  First time I told him I had never had a tequila drink I liked and he made me one that he told me would shange my mind.  It didn't but he just tossed it and made a completely different drink for me. Its great because the hotel is connected to the Aria which everyone knows is amazing.  It's also connected to the Bellagio, it was just a great location overall.  The view from their panoramic windows is nice. So basically, I would recommend this hotel to people that want to be in Vegas but don't like casinos.  You can still party, just do it elsewhere.  Vdara is for relaxation.  Its beautiful, its sparklingly clean, and classy.Oh, but it has a horribly small pool.
4	I was stayed in Vdara last week with my family. The hotel was a peaceful place for a preganant woman and under 21 years old to stay. I spend many days walked in vegas strip and I felt my ears almost exploded, but after I went back to my room, it was so cozy, quiet and with a comfertable bed. I am so glad I picked Vdara to spend my time in Vegas.
4	The Vdara hotel is a breath of fresh air to the typical las Vegas hotel casino it has an air of cosmopolitan flair and welcomes everyone to a more quiet and relaxed vibe. My favorite area in the hotel is the lobby bar which has a wonderful array of signature drinks,and great tapas style food, the staff is friendly the setting is nice, tranquil and perfect for those times when u want to have Nightcap or a relaxing moment with friends or that special someone. For me the idea of being able to have a good conversation without having to yell or deal with annoying crowds or overrated staff is phenomenal.  Enjoy this place anytime since they are open till 12 on weekdays but on the weekends it is open till 2am.
4	I had to be careful to separate what ranks as one of my best weekends in Vegas, ever, with the hotel itself.Let's start with the hassles/disappointments:- yea, you read it elsewhere, and I'll note it again: finding the place can be a bit time-consuming.  Once we did find the entrance, we did appreciate the "airport-style" curb/entrance design.  You basically drive up an on-ramp that curves into the backside of Aria, and then continue past it to Vdara- you can't get a roll-away bed sent to your room -- they only have couch sofas that you can pull out.  You can call room service and have them bring up a very thin cotton-top and sheets for the sofa bed though... but you will definitely feel springs digging into your back.  Well, I guess you don't have to worry about that too much if it's just your leech of a friend who is crashing at your place.- the "rooftop" pool is on the 3rd floor... I didn't personally go, but my brother said it was "alright."Now the positive stuff:- Checked in on July 30, 2010.. was very quiet at the hotel, with no line at all.  I would venture to guess that Aria, having a casino, draws most of the guests that want to stay at the new city center.  I would also guess that since it is less packed, there were more open rooms... which was why we got a free upgrade to a corner-suite.- I didn't realize how awesome the corner-suite was until the bellhop offered to give us a tour of the place... all around the perimeter you get an amazing view of the strip.  There is a full kitchen with dining table, fridge, freezer, microwave, dishwasher... you can also call room service for them to bring up plates/utensils.  There is also a freakin mini washer/dryer (it's in a cabinet, so don't go thinking it's an ugly, clunky machine sittin in your room).  The living room had a giant tv that had my name displayed in the top corner -- a nice, welcome touch.  The living room and bedroom are separated by a sliding door that can be locked.  There's another big TV to enjoy from the great bed (though, nothing outstanding for very new hotel).  The bathroom has 2 sinks, a tub with an amazing view of the city, and a 2-person shower.  The toilet isn't in its own enclosed space, which doesn't (or does it) allow the bathroom to be shared.  The bathroom has another entrance from the kitchen, so remember to lock both doors if you don't want someone walking in on you.Seriously, the room was like an apartment.  I did order room service to enjoy a burger, but I was disappointed.  For $20, it's worth a very occasional splurge to eat in bed though =)Oh, and there is a walkway leading to Bellagio that makes it convenient when you want to avoid the blistering summer sun.Vdara is full of win.
4	I had a very pleasant stay here over the weekend. The room was beautiful with a perfect view of the Bellagio fountain. The bed was very comfortable and I loved the tall glass shower and the deep bath tub. The Aveda shampoos and plush robes were a nice addition!! We stayed at the Flamingo the night before, and this was quite a step up! The only thing the Flamingo does better is its location on the Strip. The poor Vdara is buried up in the new City Center and while I loved being so close to Aria and it's brunch, I dont think this part of vegas is as happening as the Strip. I loved that we stayed somewhere without a Casino--it was a nice break for my wallet!! All in all, very well done, Vdara. I loved the pool, you have a great bourbon selection, excellent bloody marys and pretty food room service. I would stay here again.
5	I booked this room (the Vdara suite specifically) for a bachelorette party with two other girls.  Never in my life would I had been able to afford this alone, but hey, when there's a bachelorette party you need to plan for, then you try to find the best...First of all, the place is freakin' HUGE!  I'm talking large bedroom, insanely large bathroom, huge dining room and living room.  As if that wasn't enough, they have a full refrigerator with an electric stove and plenty of cabinet space.  The only thing that's missing to this whole kitchenette experience is an oven, but hey, I certainly hope you don't expect to be waiting around all night for food to heat up in the oven.  And in case, let's say, you need a washer and dryer, well then, good thing you brought clothes cause they have that too!  There's even a half bathroom located next to the dining room, complete with toilet and sink (in case you don't have time to stumble into the other bathroom of course).  We had a total of 6 girls come up for dinner at the room, which we stocked in the fridge with PLENTY of alcohol!  The shower has a sit down area for those ladies (or guys too!) who want to shave their legs as well as two sinks, a separate bathtub, and plenty of towels!  We ordered more towels, though, and some more dishware, which was brought up promptly to our room.  My only gripe is that there is no self parking for Vdara.  You have to park in Aria or simply valet your car in Vdara, which is easier.  This caused a little bit of confusion for a couple of friends, but once they got settled and saw the apartment like hotel, nothing else mattered except the PAR-TAY!One other thing, the pool is amazing!  It's crowded by noon, but my friend and I awoke when the pool opened (9am) to enjoy the pool, which also had a hot tub!  It was nice to enjoy before the peeing children and their parents could make their way into swimsuits and make me cringe at the thought of even putting my feet into the pool.  Definitely give it a go if you find yourself awake early and sober!It was worth every penny.   And yes, the hotel itself does connect  to the Bellagio hotel!  Um...more adventure, all right!
4	The place is really nice, but for some reason, especially for a hotel spa that has a kitchen, it wasn't stocked at all and we had to call room service to request for kitchen ware.   we ended up getting a regular suite (i believe) and it was fairly exact to the video demo they have of it online.  I found it kind of unusual that they had a sliding door for the bathroom, but i guess they did it to save space for the room.  The couch is actually a kind of sofa bed so the suite, though small in comparison to a suite at palazzo, was comfortable for 4-5 people to sleep.  Also, the vdara staff was kind enough to give us complimentary champagne for both of the rooms our group stayed in, since two of us had birthdays last weekend.on saturday we went out to the pool since we got a cabana for the day for around 250 I believe.  It's pretty cheap I believe, I remember that we asked how much it would be for palazzo and it was definitely way more (it could've been because it was memorial day).However, it was pretty unfortunate though because during that day when we were at the pool it was really really windy in vegas.  It actually got pretty scary for a bit when one of the umbrellas at the pool area flew off of its base and nearly stabbed/slammed itself into the white fence things, almost hitting two guys who were ballsy enough not to shit their pants and run off at the sight of what appeared to be a final destination scene.the place is walking distance from aria, since it's literally across the back taxi/valet drop area for aria (about a 500 ft walk?), vdara is connected to a tram that takes you to crystals/aria and citycenter, and it has some sort of a direct connection to bellagio (i'm not sure because I never walked that way, I just saw signs).  It doesn't have a casino element to it and it seems to be really new inside.  If you like to stay in a hotel in vegas that doesnt have a casino element, but want to be near one just cause, you should consider staying here on your next visit.
4	We stayed here the very last time we went to Vegas.  I like the Aria and City Center, because its brand new and everything is so interesting.Boyfriend booked this room because it was last minute and wanted to try some place new, so we got a suite.  I guess we were spoiled by the Trump from the last time we stayed here, so things weren't up to our expectations.  The hotel smelled nice and it was really pretty and simple, but the room arrangement was just weird.  The very first thing you see when you walk into the room is the mini-bar, sink, and microwave, etc.  It was really small and skinny, and pretty dark.  I like the fact that their shades have a black-out setting and the blinds are automatic by the touch of a button, but when walking in it made the room feel really small.  The bedroom was small too, with a small closet and one dresser.  The bed was comfortable and had book lights into the side tables so that was nice. I loved how their bath products are all Aveda!  The housekeeper even gave us a little extra to take home since we loved the shampoo so much and didn't have time to buy some.  Overall, the bathroom was small but clean.  Its a good place to stay if you're only staying a night (and your time isn't spent in the room).  The pool disappointed me though! Their closing time is super early, at 6pm.  We were psyched because our friends came over to try the pool out, and we were only able to stay about 10 minutes because they close so early.  Its nice though, because there are also mini pools you can wade in while drinking or something, as well as a large jacuzzi. It was a nice experience, but I don't think I'd stay here again.
4	Labor day weekend.  Decided to go to Vegas so we got a place at the Vdara and overall, we love it.  It's not a 5 star because there are better luxury hotels in Vegas that we've stayed at.  The pool is pretty decent, the spa is nice and they even gave us a $50 dollar credit to try it out.  The 1 bedroom suite is very very nice and spacious.  It's 800 something square feet so it was perfect for us!  Everything is brand new which is a huge plus.  And the mattress is awesome!
2	Oh Vdara, I wanted to like you, I really did.  I really looked forward to my first time staying in a nice resort in Vegas -- but alas, my hopes of staying in a nice hotel were shattered by you.  Where do I begin?  The check-in process: my girlfriend and I arrived at the front desk at 11:30.  We had previously called and requested a high room so that we could see the fountains at Bellagio.  The girl at the front desk told us that the high level rooms were not ready yet and to come back in an hour or so.  We had lunch, walked around a bit, and then came back at 1:30 to check-in.  We were told the high rooms were still not ready, however we could "upgrade" to a deluxe view room for another $20 a night and get a high level room.  How convenient that the same rooms are ready if you pay more money.  Fine. Next, the Vdara location absolutely sucks.  It might be fine for someone that doesn't want to leave their hotel by foot during their entire stay in Vegas but sucks for everybody else.  There is not direct path to the Strip from Vdara, you have to cut through either Aria or Bellagio to go anywhere.  So grabbing a quick bite to eat is a huge pain in the ass (I opted not to order their $40 egg and bacon breakfasts).  When we asked the concierge for breakfast recommendations she told us to eat at Vdara's restaurant; I replied is there anywhere else close?  She said only the Aria's restaurant, which once again put me in the same predicament of not wanting to order an expensive breakfast.  There is simply no quick way to get anywhere from Vdara.  It's at least a 15 minute walk through Bellagio or Aria to get to the strip.  The Vdara is nice, although the hotel lacks any sort of character, it's simply just boring.  The room was pretty nice; they say it's a suite but the living area and bedroom area are really one; there is just a divider between them.  There is a fully equipped kitchen, although no cookware is provided.  I don't get the point.  Lastly, and the final nail in the coffin for Vdara, was the pool.  It's a bit small but ok, we can live with that.  However, it's built dead smack in the middle of a gigantic wind tunnel.  Yeah, no shit - chairs were blowing all over the place, towels are everywhere, it's simply not a relaxing environment.  It pisses me off that Vdara charges a mandatory "Resort Fee" for this place.  The pool is in a horrible location and closes at 7 PM anyway.  By the way, don't think about getting anything to eat in the evening, Vdara's overpriced restaurant closes early too.  With so many choices in Vegas, why would anyone waste their money here?  Go for something different, not Vdara.
4	We stayed here on our last trip 3 weeks ago and loved it. The view is great (high floor). Suites are large and spacious. The kitchen was ok,though if you actually want to use it, you have to request everything from cutlery ++ from housekeeping. We aren't smokers or gamblers and so this hotel is ideal for us (smoke free and no casino). The silk road restaurant is pretty decent food (chef from sensi @ bellagio) and the bar (ask for gary who does this fab trick with a lighter) mixes the most perfectly balanced cosmo. We highly recommend and will return.
3	I was initially impressed by Vdara but that rapidly faded throughout my stay. A hotel with no casino, I would expect some sort of spectacular feature but nope--Vdara is pretty boring. The lobby is small and has a strange perfumy smell. You have to walk through the Bellagio or Aria to access the strip. The room itself could hardly be described as a "suite". The only indication that it was a suite and not a regular bedroom was the divider between the bed and the "living room area". I've stayed in a suite in Caeser's Palace before which was much bigger (with two beds) and nicer! I will say the window blinds and the view from my room was breathtaking, however. The hallways and elevators are also pretty cool. Very modern-artsy.For my next trip to Vegas, I will save my money and stay in a hotel closer to the Strip.
1	So Vdara contacted me responding to my Facebook post on my disappointment in their property.  Basically, their response was "next time try the Aria."  My interpretation: Fuck off and stay somewhere else (of course one of THEIR properties).  Thanks a lot.  I hope this hotel shuts down and is turned into a manure farm.
4	Not what you expect when you think "VEGAS." Read reviews before you book. I did my research and still booked because it was what I was looking for.In the middle of the strip, but away from the action by about 2 blocks. There is no casino, no club, the pool is small and not alive. If these are required for your trip, don't book this hotel. We had to take the taxi out each night because walking would have taken over 30 minutes easily. Clean, simplistic interior, bed is super comfy (and I have a bad back),  and the staff is friendly. Tip: don't buy water there, you can get free water at the valet, or the cleaning staff will have it available, one lady gave us a whole tray. The bathroom was large and clean, but the toilet seat was puny, really small! The room had 2 tv's which was excessive because we couldn't really watch 2 at the same time because of volume, but it was manageable. Had a mini kitchen and dining table as well.Got the room service, cheese fries and chicken Caesar salad, not bad. Prices were higher than let's say a restaurant, but that's obvious by now, right? Internet is included in resort fee ($25) and valet just required a tip. I will book here again. Loved the calming atmosphere and I was really relaxed the whole stay.
5	Vdara is 1 of my favorite hotels in Vegas!  I love their suite amenities - mainly the separate spaces for living room & kitchen.  Having a kitchen definitely comes in handy especially for those late night cravings and drinks.  The bar comes fully stocked and the fridge has plenty of space for leftovers or even more drinks. Little things that went a long way -* plush robes* luxurious pillows* push-button housekeeping* aveda products* veuve clicquot* spacious bathroom* blackout shades and sheer curtains* personalized on-screen tv guideVdara is clean, relaxing, smoke-free, and I absolutely loved the location.  There's a direct walkway (inside the hotel) that connects to Bellagio. And if you step outside of the hotel and walk to your left you're instantly at Aria and City Center. We never had to wait for a cab unlike other hotels.  Vdara is an escape from the typical crazy casino hotels.  When I'm ready to call it a night (or I guess morning in some cases) I like to walk into a quiet area with direct access to the elevator.  Every time we stayed at a casino hotel I was always annoyed to walk through a casino filled with smoke, belligerent drunks, and people checking-in and out w/their hefty rolling luggage. I just want sleep... please get out of my way!! ;)Check-In and Check-Out process = 5 starsBar = 5 starsDecor = 5 starsBellman & Staff Service = 5 stars
5	i absolutely love this hotel!!!its definitely a different kind of suite, its contemporary. comparing it to the venetian suite it is way better. i stayed with one other friend in this room so for us we had plenty of room. we stayed in the deluxe suite and got a good deal when we got it during their 72 hour sale.when we arrived at vdara, we were greeted with warm smiles by the bellman/luggage man and had our bags sent up to our room. the woman helping us check in was also really nice. when we got up to our suite we were blown away by how nice the view was and the room was so beautiful. it had a nice plush king size bed with nice sheets. the shades were remote controlled. and my favorite part was the bathroom because it was so huge, the shower was nice and had a bench in case you need to shave your legs. and the tub was huge perfect for soaking your feet after a long night of clubbing. plus theres a mini fridge perfect for chilling out patron, jager, redbull and our other chasers. i will definitely stay here again the next time i come to vegas!
5	Vdara is such a breath of fresh air in the Vegas hotel scene. Plus it's cheap cheap if you get a deal on Hotwire.Literally. You can tell the difference in air quality the second you walk in from, say, Bellagio or Aria. Non-smoking really makes a difference, the air smells so sweet. In fact, it actually smells like an Abercrombie store (maybe they infuse the air conditioners with Fierce or some other fragrance).Service at the front desk was amazingly accommodating. We had arrived early and they were able to find us a room by 11AM, just by asking. Kevin at the front desk was great in making sure we had linens for the pull-out by giving us a call a few hours later to see if housekeeping had been by. He even put us on the 53rd floor - towering over the Bellagio with full view of the whole northern, NW and NE skylines and Bellagio's fountains.The rooms are extremely spacious. Our "deluxe room" which was the lowest ranking room in the hotel sported a separated couch/sitting area, a huge bathroom, kitchenette, and two LCD TVs. It was definitely much larger than the majority of junior suites you get at most other hotels.Food and bar options left something to be desired. Silk Road simply didn't seem appealing - but with Vegas options abound all within walking distance - who really relies solely on their Hotel's restaurant anyway.The pool was nice and had a mixed crowd on an early September weekend. Very easy to find a nice spot that's quiet. If you're looking for a pool party though, go somewhere else. But if you're a middle-aged mom with several kids, don't worry, the pool boys here will flirt with you all you want (I saw it, firsthand, multiple times!)For those of you who fear valet parking, it's somewhat annoying to self-park. However, you can park in the Bellagio lot - it's closer than parking at Aria, and noticeably less complicated of a walk over to Vdara than other hotels.Overall, great find, loved it, spent some time enjoying the pool, the room. As a non-gamer and non-smoker, Vdara was perfect.
5	I LOVED my stay at Vdara and so glad I chose it for my birthday trip back in August, especially with the deals I found on fatwallet. :)We stayed at the City Suite -- 800 sq ft with the comfiest King bed you'll ever sleep in, pullout Queen, kitchen/dining area, vanity area, and jacuzzi tub/shower, washer/dryer for $189 a night, plus $50 in resort credit to use at the City Center. What a steal!That, plus a $20 sandwich upgrade for a corner suite view of the Bellagio water show and Vegas strip, non-smoking room and hotel, no casino, nice pool area, Aveda bath products, robes/slippers for him and her made me feel like I was living the luxurious life.The girl at the front desk was also able to accommodate my birthday by bringing in a complimentary chilled bottle of sparkling wine! Extremely friendly staff. :)Apparently these suites were made to be timeshares but demand wasn't high enough.. therefore, you'll be able to find really good deals online. It's a great location, as the walk to Aria/Bellagio is minutes away, and there are trams to take you to Monte Carlo if you're headed that way.Things to know before you go:-Vdara is located behind Aria, therefore the entrance is on Harmon. Google maps will tell you that, if not all the signs.-Valet is the only option at Vdara. This could be good or bad based on what you prefer, but self-parking at Aria or Bellagio is another option to consider. Valet was just extremely convenient for girls in heels :P-There's a mandatory $15 resort fee, although this seems to be the new "rule" in Vegas, as another hotel charged the same fee. At least here at Vdara, $50 resort credit was included which bought 6 of us lunch at Jean Phillippe's next door :P-You need to request plates/utensils and cookware, but the staff was very quick with bringing it up.Highly recommend this hotel based on service, location, and overall quality. 5 stars from me!
5	Living in NYC you become accustom the high volume of tourists, heavy people traffic, and all kinds of bright lights.  When you come out to visit Vegas you get a lot of the same (with the addition of public drinking and creepy Mexican hombres trying to hand out strip club promotion cards).  Vdara, though located at the heart of the strip, offers a bit of peaceful sanctity from all the craziness that is LV.  It's a oasis in the dessert that is sin city.  A breath of fresh air!  My friends and I stayed in the penthouse suite for a couple nights for my best bud's bachelor party and a city suite for an additional night.  Tho we really only used these spaces for a few hours for sleeping over the course of the weekend, the actual physical space was great.  Furniture and decor are very modern and fresh.  The electronic powered sun shades and curtains were functionally fun.  The beds, pillows, and comforters were amazingly comfortable and made for wonderful nap times. All the other amenities were perfect as well.I think my favorite attribute of Vdara was actually its smell.  The facility is that of a non-smoking one.  So unlike all other casinos and hotels, you can walk in the place and literally get a clean, wonderful breath of fresh scented air.  Kudos to Vdara and staff!  I highly recommend and will definitely be staying here on future Vegas trips!
4	Stayed in a 2 BR Hospitality Penthouse on the 43 floor----- views of Aria, Vdara Pool area and South Las Vegas: VERY VERY NICE--- a great setup with services round the clock--- 24hr valet parking, taxis galore and walking distance to Bellagio--- Personalized settings and menus on the flat-screen--- Bath robes, separate tub and shower, full kitchen, dishwasher, laundry and comfy beds!--- A BREATH OF FRESH AIR-- NO SMOKING HOTELI would go again.
4	I plan on staying here in January at a 2bedroom hospitality suite.  I am mainly asking the reviewer below if he has any pics or could you describe the room?  The website sadly only has 1 picture and no floor plan.thanks for your help!
4	Appreciated the non gaming and non smoking facility.  It's a very beautiful hotel.  Great views of Vegas.
4	I just read on ABC news.com that people are burning and plastic cups are melting  at the pool: http://abclocal.go.com/kabc/story?section=news/bizarre&id=7695782&cmp=fb-kabc-article-7695782
3	There are good things and more not-so good things about this resort.  The Good:-Nice Valet/Door Men-Non-Smoking-Semi-Spacious Rooms-Super comfy bed-Beautiful towels and sheets....  must be Egyptian cotton, 1000 count or something.The Not-So Good:-No robes or house slippers-Housekeeping did not clean well(hair on floor, barf left over on the toilet from a previous guest, clogged sink with a glass placed in the sink hole, in the kitchen with murky white water - yuck!)-Front desk - there was always a line.  They have no stancions, so you just make up your own line and stand there.  Then one of the front desk agents comes out from her cave when the line gets pretty deep and guides you to stand in a certain line waiting for an open agent.  The problem with this is, someone who was in the back of me, 4 deep was helped before me, because I was standing in a line that did not move.  Urgh.....  I was getting pissed at this point.  -The room is spacious, but does not compare to the feel of the Palazzo or Venetian.  Different class/decor.  -Limited counterspace in bathroom.  Hardly enough room for 2 persons to place all of their toiletries down.  I know I have a lot of stuff, but very small countertop area.  -Dead Bar/LobbyYou would think if you had no casino, you would have an attractive lobby bar to give your guests a reason to drink at your bar.... ah, no.  No entertainment during the 5 days we were there.  Sad, dead and no reason to drink at the bar.-Smelly Lobby - I did not like the scent.  Much too perfumy....  a clean scent would have been nicer.  So the question is, would I stay here again?  Probably not.  We spent all of our time at the Aria and ate all of our meals there, except for one evening, when we had dinner at Joel Robochon at the MGM.  For $159.00 including the $15 resort fee, you can probably find another hotel that will give you more love.
5	I LOVED VDARA!!!!! love love loved it. It's tucked away in the new City Center away from the strip and there's no casino downstairs, so there is alittle bit of this feeling of... away from or not even in "vegas" i suppose.. but our party didnt mind it! The rooms are great, we stayed in the smallest one, which has a queen bed and a couch, kitchenette.. and a DOOR BELL!! i liked that :) i felt like i owned the place!The pool is really nice, but small. I was hoping that like other partnered.. hotels (like venetian and palazzo) you can go to the other pools, but you cant. kinda bummer. I wanted to go to Aria.... and we did!! hahha HOW?? well it was crazy, the weekend i was there, it was SO windy that things were being blown away! like the poolside umbrellas!!! so they shut the pool :( i know, scary right? And since it was only 2pm or so, we asked the pool attendants if we could use the Aria pool and they made an exception for us :) they were super sweet.Will be staying at Vdara again for sure!!
4	Stayed at Vdara 10/1-10/3. Overall, a lovely stay. A very contemporary, art-filled hotel; very high-tech. Room was on the 47th floor with a view (upgraded without even asking). Beautiful furnishings, comfortable bed, very clean. Bathroom was a bit small for the price point (one sink, toilet was not in separate water closet), and the water pressure in the shower could have been a bit better. The refrigerator is quite small; kitchen items and utensils provided upon request, as are robes.Free bottled water is provided daily, and free use of the gym/fitness facility ($25 charge for the spa if you do not book a service).A very quiet, non-gaming property, but it was a bit difficult to find your way to the Strip and out of the City Center complex, both on foot and by car. The signage was not very clear (or large).Overall, a good experience at Vdara.
4	Beautiful hotel, clean ,quiet , comfortable, and non smoking.. rare in Vegas. The water pressure in shower could have been better and the toilet was not in separate room.  A friend mentioned no coffee maker. I did not notice as I do not drink coffee.  A bit of a hike to walk to strip. Service was great. Ate Breakfast at Silks, service and food was great.
4	Nice looking hotel, better than average staff, if you like a quiet place to stay while avoiding large crowds but not too far from the strip then this is the place for you.... would come back if i brought the kids with us... have a convenient city tram from bellagio to aria... however no casino downstairs...
4	The entire City Centre complex is a magnificent display of human architecture.  Very beatiful - steel, glass, and building angles that leave you in admiration.  The Vdara is a welcome edition to Vegas if your not a big fan of having to wander around a smoky, loud, and bright casino floor in order to get to your room.  The good thing is Aria and Bellagio are across the way if you need your dining, gambling, drinking, lounging fix.  Vdara rooms  are more a studio  than a hotel room - however, i doubt the kitchen area is ever used in any substantive way - maybe for longer stays.Cool technology includes automatic shade/blinds, and buttons to push for 'room service' and 'do not disturb'.  some the the lights i think are automatically set to the time of day.I did have a little issue with housekeeping - where they didn't do my room, but a quick visit to the main desk got it cleaned pretty past.  Also some of the lights were burned out.  I find that kinda strange.  Note: They are charging a resort fee of $25 that includes 2 small bottles of water, newspaper at check in desk, internet access, unlimited local calls, and tuck-in service.  I didn't use any of this stuff except for the water.I imagine this hotel is best suited for the business traveler who doesn't need the many distractions.
3	My friends and I stayed here one weekend and our stay had its good and bad things.Ok first the good: -If you don't like the casino, and all the smoking, and packed lobby, this is the place for you. Since Vdara doesn't have a casino or anything except for a restaurant and bar on the ground floor, there's very little traffic and it's easy to get in and out of your hotel.-Aria is right across the way so that if you did want to gamble, shop, or eat some dessert or something different, it's just a walk away. No need to get your car out of the garage.-We stayed in the Vdara one bedroom suite and it was ample space with a kitchen with table that seats 4. Includes a mini fridge. The sofa turns out into a queen sleeper. Housekeeping will come turn it down and make the bed for you. Overall, the room was pretty nice. Now for the bad:-the bathroom: the toilet wasn't in a separate closet, there was only one sink, and those doors sucked. It was a pain to open and close. -housekeeping was very slow. We called for extra towels. That took an hour.-room service dining: the food was actually pretty good but it took 1.5 hours for the food to get to our room. We regretted not running across to Aria for something or even on the strip because it took so long.-spa: my friend made an appointment but then cancelled it right away and they still charged it on the room. Big problem at checkout. They wanted my friend to make an appeal when she didn't even have the service done! we got the money back, but not that day. horrible! -parking: you can only valet your car. they have a parking garage but you can't park it yourself. This can be a good thing, except if they scratch your car because they aren't responsible for it. -it can be really confusing at first to get to vdara. It's so easy to end up at aria or the underground garage, so read the signs carefully because it's really confusing how they set up all of that. -the pool was really small. I expected something much larger and more than one pool. And they closed the pool at 8pm!!! Who does that??? It was freaking springtime and it was hot and we couldn't even go for a nice jacuzzi dip late at night.So I would never personally stay here again. For that service and room, I'd rather stay at the Hilton Garden Inn.
4	We recently stayed at the Vdara, because we received a deal that was just way too good to pass up.  It smelled wonderful!!The rooms were super trendy.  I guess you can request either  a regular room when you check in or one with wall separating the bed from the rest of the room.  We chose the latter.  It was awesome!Service was great.  My only complaints are that the limited dining choices and the fact that it has no casino, which kind of makes it feel less Vegas-like.  Obviously, there are those to whom that will appeal to.  I'm just not one of them.
4	Got a great deal on this hotel. It's brand-new and quite lovely inside and out - I love the overall finishes. The front desk staff is friendly and very accommodating. The gym is fantastic and the overall feel of the hotel is much more relaxed and quiet. I'm assuming that's largely due to the lack of a casino. Only a few quibbles: The kitchen is fantastic, but why do you have to ask for dishes and silverware?? Plus, when we did request this, the housekeeping staff removed them the 2nd day of our 4 day stay. A bit annoying, but the staff quickly remedied this. Husband hated valeting each time, but I didn't mind so much. We'd definitely come back.
4	I was in Vegas for business and our travel agent booked us rooms at Vdara. I felt like I wasin a little oasis. The room was so comfortable, quiet and relaxing. I really felt like I had "down time" when I wasn't working. It was refreshing to be in Vegasand not have to fight to get around the lobby.  This is a hotel worth visiting again for business or for pleasure.
4	Was very impressed with this hotel since our stay this past weekend.  True there is no casino in the lobby like the other places, but it's good to have a nice, relaxing space to go back to after all the Vegas craziness - plus you have the newest casino...(so I'm told) the Aria right across the way (2min walk).Couldn't ask for anything more- the rooms were super chic; kept well; and the staff was super professional and friendly.  Did not get a chance to visit the spa, but it looked like they offered some nice packages.  Hotel is connected by a walkway... we somehow walked to the Bellagio and then to the Paris on our second day there so it's fairly close to all the action.
4	Beautiful modern furnishings, spectacular view,  gorgeous bathroom and the most relaxing and comfy bed I've ever slept in!  Also, cannot say enough about the attentive, kind and BEAUTIFUL staff at the Vdara.  There is no casino or smoking and that was nice for me as I prefer to leave the chaos on the outside. I will choose Vdara whenever I go to Vegas.Minus one star for the pickle-ish smell in the common areas.  I wish I didn't have to do this, but it was pretty stinky.  Oddly enough, the husband did not even notice it!  Go figure.
5	This hotel was a god send. We went to Vegas after a really awful week. I had a friend die the week prior and still decided to go to Vegas because I didn't want to cancel the trip. We decided it'd be more low key than we planned. The minute you walk into this hotel, you notice the smell. It's sweet, but not over powering. It smells fabulous. The bell boys and door men are wonderful. Ask them any question about Las Vegas - especially which buffet to choose and which Cirque show is over rated - and they will have a plethora of information for you. The suite was amazing. Impeccably clean and spacious. The kitchen had everything in it we needed and it was amazing to have one - we planned ahead and had snacks and treats to store there to eat when we were hungry...or drunk :) Make sure you use the concierge at this hotel. Thanks to them, we were on the guest list at every club we wanted to go to. We paid nothing and stood in no lines. All of our dinner reservations were made, and they found out which restaurants would have the best vegetarian food for us. It was amazing...I totally owe them for their amazing service.This hotel has no casino, which is a thrill when you come home exhausted and your eyes aching from the bright lights of slot machines. It's peaceful and quiet - no rowdy drunk 21 year olds or bachelorette party goers in the halls to disturb you. The soaking tub is soothing, as are the products they provide you (Aveda!). Try this hotel. Feel relaxed and totally pampered. We would stay here again and again, and we can be choosy...especially me. It made our trip how efficient and gorgeous it was.
4	Services were subpar but the room and overall staying experience was great. Valet guys were really friendly and the walk was a breeze to Bellagio and Aria.
5	Beautiful place to stay in Las Vegas!   If you are driving, it's a bit difficult to navigate to the Vdara.   There is no self-parking.   The Hotel/Condos are beautiful but the cocktails at the bar are NOT cheap!
4	I really liked this place. Ultra modern, clean, hip luxury. It seems a little tucked away, but your actually a skywalk away from Bellagio. There is no casino floor, but with that you get rid of a lot of drunk old people smoking 24/7 which I welcome with open arms.Price was super reasonable with the recent slump in tourism. Bar was kind of shitty. Vodka tonics were coming as Vodka sodas the entire trip. But relaxing area, and some snacks while you drink which come complimentary. I'm a sucker for those kind of things.My favorite hotel I've stayed at in Vegas!
2	I'm typing this on Vdara's wifi, sitting in room 31002, the day after Christmas.This place is pretty awesome because there's no casino or smoking -- the vibe is really relaxing and chill. I love that aspect of this place. +1The wifi is pretty awesome -- I actually did some work the other night. Speedtest.net's latency meter told me 22ms. The rooms are sexy, bachelor-pad-esque joints, with a dark brown, gray, and cream color scheme. The view is awesome (I can see the fountains in front of Bellagio, the 15 freeway, Encore, Venetian, the Stratosphere, Planet Hollywood, Aria, and so on, and that's just from the desk -- you can see more of Vegas from the dining room and living room behind me). The curtains are electrically controlled. Awesome. I felt so cool raising and lowering them by touching buttons.The rooms are priced reasonably.Those are the positives. There were a lot of negatives, too, which I felt were unbecoming of a hotel of this caliber.The service left a LOT to be desired.The front desk lady was great (the $20 trick got us an upgrade), but every other service interaction was lacking. The kitchenette is stocked with a Keurig single-serve coffee machine, but we could only find decaf coffee pods (... really?). After 3 calls to the front desk on Christmas Eve, we still don't have regular coffee in this joint.The room has a pull-out bed, but there isn't any bedding in the room for it. It took 2 calls and about 45 minutes to get someone up to our room with blankets and pillows. They forgot the coffee pods I requested too. FML. Also, this pull-out bed is pretty horrible -- it's more comfortable sleeping on it as a sofa, rather than as a pulled-out bed.The rooms also have super-thin walls, which is something I wasn't expecting since the rooms are so nice in every other aspect -- somebody was blasting the Tron Legacy soundtrack at 2AM. I'm a fan of Daft Punk, but not when I can't shut it off if I want to. You can also hear everything going on Las Vegas Boulevard -- all of the random police sirens and modified exhausts came through the windows.Anyway, I hope they resolve the service issues, because of the rest of the hotel is pretty nice. Extra bedding and a choice of non-decaf coffee in the room would be nice. I'm unsure whether I'll be back or not -- we'll see.
5	So we got to stay at this hotel this December. One of my friends got a great deal at this hotel, I'm still thanking her for the find.This place is beautiful, and due to the fact that it has no casino, it doesn't smell like a weird combination of pumped oxygen with cigar smoke, here it smell so therapeutic it is heaven!!!The moment you walk in the door you become soo relaxed, and then you get to your room and they are to die for.Many would be put of by the fact that this place has no casino, but think about this, you are in Vegas a city that never stops going and going, but we all need a bit of a chill out moment in between dinner, shows, or clubbing, and this is the hotel to do it. Anyway in 2 minutes (walking minutes) you can find yourself at Aria or at Bellagio, and thru the Bellagio you find yourself at the strip in 5 minutes, without getting a cab or anything!!!
5	Maybe biased since we paid only $120/night, but pretty awesome. Rooms are like mini suites, crisp modern look/feel, valet included, free wifi. Highly recommend as long as you're ok with no casino.  Bellagio and Aria casinos are just 5 minute walk though.
5	My husband and I stayed at Vdara over Thanksgiving. We have stayed at the Bellagio for years but the appeal of a non-gaming hotel was too much. We did not regret our choice.The room was spacious and well decorated. The room's color scheme was very complimentary and modern. The bed was comfortable. My only complaint is that they only had down like filled pillows. I prefer foam pillows. The furniture was comfortable. The bathroom was spacious. We did not have any issue with noise, with the exception of the loud patron walking down the hall and yelling at his friends. We had a lakeside view  room and could see the Bellagio fountains.I agree with the reviewer that articulated the relaxing atmosphere of the hotel. I loved the fresh orchids at the front desk. It's a nice change from the hustle and bustle of other hotels. Which, by the way, you can access by walking a few hundred feet to Aria.The hotel has a chic, spa-like vibe throughout.The restaurant (only one) has very limited hours. Room service is available 24 hours.The entire staff was friendly and helpful. Both bellman were exceptionally friendly and helpful, as were the employees that checked us in and out. The walk to the strip means walking through the Bellagio. We are moderate pace walkers and it took us about 10 minutes to get to the strip where you cross at Planet Hollywood.For the price, this is the nicest, most luxurious hotel in Vegas.
5	Stayed on the 36th floor in a room with a 270 degree wrap around view and it was only a little over $200 per night. Nicest and most helpful staff I've ever seen.
5	My husband and I stayed here for the LV Rock and Roll marathon in December and we will definitely be coming back! The Vdara is great because it feels like a sophisticated break from "Vegas" - you are close enough to the action but you aren't sharing a hotel elevator with 30 people trying to get to their rooms. It is a non-smoking hotel with no casino - great because you don't inhale toxins the whole night, everything that you brought on the trip doesn't need to be dry cleaned once you get home and you have the luxury of choosing an interesting casino to go to, rather than staying at your hotel b/c it is convenient (Aria is right next door and really nice). Each room has a kitchenette, perfect if you want to quickly whip something up - i.e. oatmeal race day morning. The rooms are nicely appointed, a decent size and comfortable with incredible views. Aveda products = also good.The lobby bar is modern and sleek, our waitress was great, as were our cocktails. Pool area was great (both pool and hot tubs were open in December and not crowded) doesn't seem like your typical "Vegas" pool scene. The spa was great! We both had massages that were amazing and the spa & fitness areas were nicely appointed. Housekeeping, bell hops and concierge were all very good. We didn't eat at their restaurant - we want across to the CityCenter to the Social House and it was - AMAZING. Go there if you like sushi, it is fantastic!
5	I LOVE THIS HOTEL!  The decor is gorgeous - very elegant and modern.Pros:- Relaxing atmosphere- Service was amazing (checkin & checkout was smooth and quick)- We stayed on the 60th floor and the view was BREATH TAKING- I loved the electronic blackout shades- There's free valet- No casino =  no cigar/cigarette smoke smell- All suites    - For what you're getting, price is very reasonableOnly one complaint - it's a bit far from the center of the strip...
4	Nice and modern hotel in Vegas where you don't have to go through busy, noisy casino to get to your room!It also comes with small kitchen which is good for a bit longer stay.
3	We found this hotel for $100 per night mid-week so we decided to give it a try.  I'm not a huge fan of City Center but thought for the price I'd see what they had to offer.  City Center is confusing as it gets.   I was in a constant state of being directionally challenged. Vdara is a beautiful hotel.  The lobby has a great bar with outdoor seating.  It's actually nice to not have to walk 100 miles through a casino to get to your room.  The rooms are chic and modern.  They offer a small kitchen, a small seating area, and a great bathroom.  However, the bathroom door is see through.  Maybe this is fine if you are traveling with your significant other but if you're traveling with friends or co-workers things might get a bit awkward!  It is easy to get to the Bellagio and Aria but other than these locations... Good Luck!I would try to stay somewhere else in Vegas and use any hotel at City Center as a last resort.
2	My husband & I had a couples massage at Vdara for our anniversary. Although the spa is beautiful, the therapists are inexperienced. The massage was mediocre. We had a hot stone massage and my husband repeatedly told them the stones were too hot and the therapist laughed and said you want "warm stone not hot stone" well if a client is warning you "it's too hot" you should listen so you don't get sued for burning someone. My therapist was nice, but you could tell she was inexperienced. I don't think they had enough stones for the service.  I wish we had just paid the extra money at Canyon Ranch spa and gotten the massages there.
4	We stayed at Vdara for my birthday weekend.Check-in was smooth from the get go.  Our bags were taken by the bellmen.  The front desk clerk was friendly, and can I just say that the lobby area smells amazing!?  I don't know what they put in the air, but it is great.Our bags beat us to our room as the bellmen was waiting for us when we got there.  He then proceeded to show us around our suite and answer any question I had.  We had the panoramic suite and the view was amazing.  Overall, the room was great.  Full kitchen, w/d, USB media center to plug in your iPods and other gadgets for charging.  Great his and her robes and slippers.  Outstanding Aveda products to use throughout the bathroom.Here are my few complaints.  The layout of the electrical switches was terrible.  They were all over the place and not where you would expect.  And when you have a panoramic view suite, you have a lot of windows which equals a lot of shades and blackout curtains to get down.  We were all over the place trying to get that handled.  In addition there is one switch for a the mirror lights, and the mirror is on two sides in the bathroom.  Just inconvenient.   If anyone knows the study of Human Factors, you know it was definitely not considered when designing this room.  Second, there is no door to the toilet area.  The bathroom is a very open concept, which I am cool with, but as much as I love my boyfriend, I don't want to watch him go to the bathroom while I am in the closet or doing my make-up.  Third, the table and cabinets in the kitchen  were already showing wear.  This hotel is pretty new and that surprised me.  Overall, the suite, view, and service was amazing.  Its definitely a great location and nice to have the option of a non-gambling, non-smoking hotel in the heart of the strip.  See a separate review for the spa.
1	Day 1Reserved the 2 bedroom 2 story penthouse at Vdara... Check in time is suppose to be 3pm... I called ahead at noon to let them know I am on my way so get the room ready, but I ended up having  to get in line over and over again to try checking in 5 times. 4pm came around, we have waited in the lobby for over 2 hours, and they are still cleaning the room and I still have no keys, and still can't check in yet. They can't do anything... Day 2no housekeeping at all, we even called for housekeeping... Ended up going to the front desk at midnight to ask for housekeeping again. Other than all the logistic related issues, the hotel is very modern and nice. No smoking and no casino, so the air quality is superb!
5	I absolutely love this hotel.  No casino, no smoking, no drunken frat boys running around.  If you want that, and I do sometimes, the Aria is 100 yds away.  This was seriously the best hotel experience I've had in Vegas and I've stayed at most of the big ones.  My only complaint is that the front desk is understaffed.  I had to wait every time I needed something but no big deal.The pool and spa is first rate as is the restuarant.  I was there mid week and only paid 125 night.  The rooms are spacious and nicely furnished.  Again, my only complaint in the room was no coffee maker and the restuarant didn't open until 7am so I had to run next door for my morning fix.I will definitely be coming back!
4	I haven't been to Vegas for years and the last time I was there, CityCenter was just being built.  So, I wanted to stay around CityCenter so I can check it out.  I was debating between Aria and Vdara but ended up booking at Vdara because Hotwire had a good rate for the place.  Overall, we enjoyed our stay.  Pros - Nice looking hotel.  Ambience is nice.  Smells nice!  No smoke!  The rooms are roomy, but smaller than I expected.  The furniture is contemporary looking.  The bed is comfortable and there's a little sheet of paper that said you can actually buy these beds, which cost like $2000 for a King Sized bed.  Hmm...I don't know if they were that comfortable.Cons - Long wait at check-in.  We arrived around 10pm after a long drive and we had to wait behind multiple people because Vdara only had ONE person checking in guests.  Valet only parking, which is free - just tip the valet.  VERY LOW shower water pressure!  The water was barely dripping out of the showerhead.  There is a free monorail shuttle next to the lobby that connects Vdara to Crystals(the shopping center), Bellagio, Aria and Monte Carlo which is convenient.  My wife used the spa facility which she said was very nice.  Overall, it is a good hotel, but I think if I were to stay at Citycenter again, I would pick Aria.  It's a much better looking hotel with plenty of restaurants and the facility just looks nicer.
3	This hotel was beautiful...check in was unorganized ... And they claim to have late nite room service... But really what it is basically vending machine food ... Egh we were not happy eating a cold sandwich which cost us $30 after wanting to order something nice and delish late night!
4	The DEATH RAY! Yes. This made my trip worth everything. Take pictures with it. When we went to the pool, there was no one there except my group and the DEATH RAY. We for sure took pictures with it.I actually didn't know about the Death Ray until I read about it online while I was in my Vdara condo. The entire lobby wasn't finished yet when I stayed here a couple of weeks ago, but it still looked nice inside. It's cool to stay in this hotel but there's drawbacks as well.The Good:1) Sort of far from the strip, so there's not much people traffic so that's nice when you want a somewhat relaxing hotel-stay2) Rooms have a kitchen3) Good viewsThe Bad:1) Far from the strip than most entrances of hotels--you have to walk through Vdara to get to the strip or an alternative route would be to walk down this staircase and walk on a perpendicular street (with no sidewalk) leading to the strip2) Our room didn't have plates or silverware for the kitchen we had--do they expect people to not use the kitchen that they're paying for?3) The hotel is not completely finished yetI would not stay here again, but it was a good experience.
3	Nice hotel with sleek new rooms. Not bad at all but also nothing super special. they are all suites but so are a lot of other hotels in Vegas. they have a little kitchen thing but not even a glass or anything in the kitchen area. what is the point I guess? the bed was very comfortable. They charge an $18 resort fee which includes Internet, water, a paper and the use of the gym. I think it is kind of a useless charge but oh well. They don't have any restaurants there so you have to walk to the aria if you want dinner. Their shower was pretty crappy. Very low pressure.  dissapointed. It is nice but just don't spend too much money on the room. Kind of boring.
4	My review for the Vdara is strictly on a visitor's visit. No, not a hotel guest's visit, but a simple walkthrough with a visit to their spa. Okay, first and foremost I have to say that this is probably one of the nicest, if not THE nicest looking hotels I've ever seen. It's so very sleek, so very chic, it feels like the only other hotel out there that can compare to the Vdara is the Aria right next door.Vdara is home to the very popular Silk Road restaurant. Unfortunately it wasn't open when we were there as I would have loved to try it.What was open however was their award winning spa which my girlfriend and I were lucky enough to receive a couples massage at. Look at my review for that event coming soon. So if it wasn't enough to host the spa and the restaurant along with some of the nicest rooms and suites the Strip has to offer, the Vdara is also right next door the Crystals Mall which has the highest of the high end shopping. If the rooms weren't so damn expensive, I'd love to book a stay here. I guess that's what makes this place exclusive though. No ghetto blasters here. It's all three piece suits and cocktail dresses as far as the eye can see.
1	Since this was one of the newer hotels in Vegas I was anxious to check it out.  But I should have stayed somewhere else.  Let me just say not a 5 star resort more like a 3 star at most.I have stayed in many hotels in Vegas, and this is the worst experience by far.  Upon arrival we had to wait almost 20min to check in.  It was 9pm on a Friday night and they only had one person working at the front desk.  I prepaid for my room before my arrival and upon check-in she informed me that I had to pay an additional $18.00 plus tax per night for some BS resort fee.  I am not usually a person who complains and I am usually easy to please, BUT there are so many more things that made my experience an unpleasant one.1. The room was very small and cluttered with too much furniture (Not what was posted on the site in square footage)2. The water pressure sucks.3. Every time I wanted my car from valet I would call in advance to request it and no one would answer the phone, I had to call multiple times in a row.4. The same goes for customer service at the front desk (no one would answer the phone), poor customer service skills and not accommodating to your concerns.5. They have a full kitchen minus the oven but it seems to me they do not want you to use it since there is no cookware, utensils, glasses, or plates. Just 2 coffee cups.6. The AC/Heat in the room did not work properly.  I am in my late 20's and it seemed like I was having hot flashes because their climate control is messed up.7. Back to the BS resort fee, it is suppose to cover the daily paper, bottled water ,and coffee but no one brought those items to my room each day I was there (3 nights).8. The day I checked out I noticed that there was a big scratch on my BMW and it was not there when I got there, so I had informed the valet and he told us we would have to speak with security and file a report.  It took over 35 min for the security guard to show up!!Needless to say I WILL NEVER STAY THERE AGAIN!!!
4	Vdara is a beautiful hotel to stay at and a great place to really get some rest after a night out because there is no casino within the building so it stays really quiet. They also pass out water bottles during the early morning hours for all you dehydrated party-goers. It's right next door to City Center / Aria and is convenient if you're trying to play at Haze. It is also within walking distance to PH Earl of Sandwich which is a big plus in my book. The pool is very low-key which I don't recommend going to unless you're actively trying to avoid the pool party scene. Oh they also have free wi-fi and a kitchen. Valet only. Don't forget to check out the beautiful Frank Stella painting behind the front desk and contemporary floral arrangements. I also must say their hotel security is very helpful when trying to find your friend in Hangover-esque situations. Don't be deterred by the middle aged woman with claw clip pigtails...she'll do the damn thing and find your lost friend before check-out time.
4	For a luxurious stay without all the hustle and bustle of a casino, you should definitely stay at the Vdara. The rooms are amazing - roomy, wall to wall windows, a kitchen, and a split living room/bedroom area. The view from our room was also beautiful, which included the Rio, Palms hotel, and the Bellagio pools.A few other things to point out about this hotel is that:1. The bar on the bottom floor is chic and the service is great.2. Go left at the Silk Road restaurant to take a walkway directly to the Bellagio.3. By taking that same route in #2, you can also take a tram to the Monte Carlo and Bellagio.4. The water pressure is a bit low in this hotel, but hey, we're trying to go green here.5. If you lose your cell phone charger here, just accept that you'll never see it again.6. In the gambling mood? Just walk across the way to the Aria.7. For your shopping needs, go next door to Crystals.8. Want to go clubbing? Go to Marquee right next door in the Cosmopolitan.Hopefully this review was helpful and enjoy your stay here!
1	Here's what $152 a night got us... no coffee maker, no extra bed linens for the sofa bed, a mini fridge that apparently works on a timer because it wasn't on when we woke up and all our food was warm, no plates or utensils in the kitchen, no robes, no dvd player. The look of the hotel is beautiful but the virtual tour online is not the same as the room we got, which was a lot smaller. Totally disappointing stay. I won't be back for this kind of $.This is an update to my comments above: the reason that we don't have a coffee maker in the room is that the rooms don't come with them. I mean, even motel 8 has coffee makers! AND in order to have maid service, you have to give 24 hours notice and pay an extra $45. That would have been good to know BEFORE 4pm the day before we checked out.
4	I've stayed at the Vdara twice & both times did not disappoint.  I love staying here for its modern appeal inside the rooms.  Had great views both times & had a speedy check-in.  The second time I stayed here, it was for a 1 nighter & it was perfect b/c I was going out to Marquee at The Cosmo to see Sander Van Doorn.  It was only a quick hop, skip, & jump away.  Beds = AmazingBathroom = Sleek & ModernKitchenette & Dining Table = HandyElevators = Fast & PrettyComplimentary Valet Service = Very Nice  Pool = Relaxing Getaway Vdara is def one of my top hotels to stay at while in Vegas.  Having no casino on the main floor is fine w/ me - being as I don't have the urge to gamble a lot.  Plus, you're in the city center... you aren't that far from any other hotel where you can gamble & just walk around the strip.  Might I add... the Crystals is beautiful.  (Especially at night)  :]
3	I'm giving 3 stars because the hotel is beautiful.  If it wasn't for that, I'd probably give 2.Pros:Check in was easy and quickRoom is niceGym and staff is niceValet is quick and friendly Non smoking Microwave in room Cons:Pool and hot tub closes at 4. 4pm- seriously? Only 1 restaurant and 1 bar. Room service food was very disappointing Biggest issue: Room wasn't cleaned for 2 days. I had to call down to the front desk and ask for it to be cleaned. Went to gym for an hour, still not cleaned! Tracked down cleaner myself and asked (had no towels and needed to shower.) Went back to gym for 45 min and then waited in the hall for 10 min before I went and let concierge know. Came back upstairs and cleaner was walking away and left our door open!! It was 4:45pm!-No word from front desk. I wasn't asking for anything comped, just wanted to let them know that it's not ok to not clean the rooms for 2 out of my 4 nights. Maybe a phone call with an apology is to much to ask.I was in Vegas in Jan and stayed at the Cosmopolitan and the Aria. Both hotels are next door and my stays were perfect. I favor the Cosmopolitan.Can't recommend this hotel to anyone who needs fresh towels and wants to eat.
5	very nice hotel! ...no smoking..got a great deal thru hotel.com....room service for food is very pricy!
4	First of all I don't know where one reviewer got the idea that there is a cleaning fee here there is a "resort" fee which is basically standard everywhere in Vegas and includes fast wireless service. Everything here is so modern that if you want your room cleaned you have to press a light (which is hard to see) and the hotel should probably mention this which is why another reviewer likely didn't get cleaning service. Yes there are some oddities - the kitchen I think is more meant to be looked at than used but the free water is great and the rooms are large and very very clean. Our suite had 2 flat screen TVs - one in the bedroom and one in the living room and although the pullout couch is uncomfortable and doesn't "come with" linens the hotel will make it up very promptly as a bed if requested. The soaking tub was to die for I think I took two baths a day even though I felt a bit guilty being in the desert I couldn't resist. And I can't forget to mention the free valet parking! I think the thing that really distinguishes this hotel and which will most definitely bring us back is the lack of a smoky casino. If you want to be around drunk people chain smoking as you walk through your lobby every day go next door to Aria or anywhere else on the strip. And if you want outdated and stuffy styles go to the Four Seasons or the Bellagio. If you want a clean, nice modern hotel just steps away from all the action than this is your place!
4	A friend was able to hook us up with the friends and family discount so we decided to check this place out. Check in was easy and the staff was super nice. The room was very modern, simple. Loved the aveda bath products! We had lots of towels, two bath robes, and two sets of slippers. Kitchen has a keurig coffee maker with coffee enough for two people. We called for more, and they brought some, no extra charge. The fridge had two vdara water bottles. When we called for the coffee, they even gave us extra water bottles too, no extra charge.We had to call twice for extra bed linens and for the sofa bed to be made up. But the lady who came to do the sofa bed was very nice. We wanted to check out the spa and called for specials for hotel guests- that was a bust. No discounts, no specials, no nada! The spa was VERY pricey. It would have been nice to have a city center directory in the room to know what eateries in the vicinity were open late and etc. It was a good experience. We'd stay again (with the friends and family discount)!
4	It was definitely nice staying in a non smoking hotel in Vegas. Rooms were large and accommodates a family of 4 well. Two tv's so the adults could watch their show and kids could watch theirs in the living area.  Nice bathroom. Nice view of the Bellagio fountains.  Valet parking, no walking far to get to your room. And yes the lobby smelled great! Only bad things were sofa bed was not the most comfortable, no restaurant downstairs and low water pressure.
4	Vdara is another beautiful boutique property that doesn't hit you up on price.  With the advent of more and more hotel rooms cropping up in recent years... an undeclared all out war b/w casinos has emerged to attract the average consumer dollar.  Thus, resulting in a win-win situation for Vegas tourists.Imagine our luck when we stayed at this new and beautiful property for around $900 on a 3 night weekend in July.  I know, there were cheaper options but none could fulfill our criteria in which only this place could provide.Criteria:1) Had to be centrally located on the strip: check2) 5 star or comparable property: check3) Needs to be a suite with at least a separate living area: check4) Needs to be a newer property, that's fairly priced: check5) Needs to be a non-smoking property: check, check and all checkWe had the Vdara Suite, a beautiful 811sq ft suite that included a kitchen & dining area, washer/dryer, separate living area, vanity area, jacuzzi & steam shower, king bedroom and pullout queen.  My first two criteria were the most imperative.  Several friends were staying at Aria, and I wanted to stay somewhere close to them w/o actually being in the building itself.  Reason being, my girlfriend was with me on this trip, and we were looking for "alone time".... sooooo I don't want any extra guests easily crashing over at night.  Which, in turn, led to criteria number 2.  We did have my best friend staying with us, so that's why I needed a "separate" room/living area for him.  -.^   Plus it's in the middle of the strip.  Ideal for everything.  That's probably why I stay at Ceasars or Bellagio often.  The room is very sleek and modern... and unlike The Hotel @ Mandalay Bay (another comparable property) its bright and well lit.My knock on this property are as follows:1) I can't have access to Aria's pool.  Vdara has a more elderly/reserved clientele and their pool is not as "lively" as Aria's.  2) There's only one restaurant on the property.  No 24 hour cafe.3) It's terrible for pedestrians... stepping out and getting onto the strip by foot is quite an obstacle.4) Since there was no casino, I had to walk across to Aria to gamble.  A considerable walk in itself.5) Probably the most important reason for me:  I had to pay for my room.  Didn't play long enough to get my entire stay comped.
5	The hotel is beautiful located in center city. All the buildings around it are nice to look at as well. The staff was amazing. I left my contact solution at home and did not want to take the fifteen minute walk to walgreens. I called the front desk and within minutes someone from the spa called and told me they could help me. At every turn I found the stff to be extremely helpful. The rooms are amazing and the view is to die for.
2	I give it 2 stars and that's being nice! The look , feel & location of the hotel is great but the customer service SUCKS! From the front desk to the manager of the hotel.. they are certainly not customer service oriented.. and that is HUGE for me! I found a great deal for this hotel on Hotwire.. so I was extremely excited. We get there & they charge me a $240 deposit because I didn't have my credit card and I was using my debit card at check-in.. ok, i get it. What I don't understand is that they told they would "hold" the funds until check-out.. when in reality, they debited the funds and I'm still waiting for them to refund me.. I checked out on Tues. of this week. If you have a choice, I would suggest you stay at the Aria or the Mandarin Oriental.. but if you're on a budget or the price is right.. then this place will do.
4	Nice, spacious suites. I love the quietness of this hotel because there aren't a casino below the rooms. It's just plain hotel rooms. Aside from that, we had the best concierge here (sorry, I forgot his name) We actually met him first while picking up our rental car and he asked where we were staying and so we told him the new hotel Vdara and he said he was also a concierge there. With that said, he offered to help us with some of reservations that we needed that weekend. He was kind enough to confirm with us that we were confirmed to the places we wanted to go and made us feel we can contact him with anything else we needed during our stay @ Vegas. The first night we stayed there, it just so happened that their fire alarm went off. And no, there was no fire. They said that there were a glitch on their system. Woken up in the early morning hour, walked down the stairs from the 15th floor wasn't comfortable. But, the workers were kind to assure us that there weren't any danger and double checked every floor before we were allowed to go back to our room. Safety first!! It was an experience but not an exciting one. The day we were checking out, the receptionist asked us for our contact information, for the inconvenience that happened and their regional manager will be contacting us. A few weeks after our stay, I received a letter saying we were given a complimentary stay with Vdara. I'd stay here again not only cuz I have that free stay but the rooms were great and I like the employee!
4	Beautiful new contemporary hotel. Beds are super comfy. Attached to the aria and the Bellagio. Concierge was very helpful. No casino so don't have to walk through smokey casino :). Only negative was that the pool and hot tub close at 4 pm during the winter hours...lame!
4	Very impressive condo/hotel.  The rooms are spacious and elegant.  Would I buy one to live in or as an investment?  No.....Would I recommend friends to stay here in lieu of a regular hotel room....hell yeah!I've had several friends stay here and they found great deals on Hotels.com and other online travel booking sites.  The beds are nice, the kitchenette is convenient, and some of the views are spectacular.  The view of the Cosmopolitan/Bellagio/Planet Hollywood is the best view I've seen in the building.It's next door to Aria, so there's no casino in the building....you have to walk to Aria for that action.  There's also a separate valet parking area to access the hotel.We've had drinks in the lobby bar several times.....it's a laid back bar where you can meet colleagues for business or friends for casual conversation.  Good times.Return Factor - 90%
4	Fast checkin. Great design. Would give five stars but the whole place smell like sweet fart oder including the room possibly due to mop detergent. Microwave and fridge a big plus. Near cvs and walgreens.  The TV menu system was SLOW and PAINFUL if you plan to stay in the room alot.  WYNN was much better in this department.
5	Nicest hotel I have stayed at. 1) Located right in the middle of the strip. 2) 5 star3) New property5) Non-smoking propertyOnce I got to the Vdara I was blown away by how modern it is. Love that my room had two flat screen tv's; one for the living room and the other for the bedroom. My favorite part of the room was the bathroom.The tub is AMAZING. Don't know how but it is designed so that two people can sit in it and be comfortable resting their heads. Found a deal through hotwire.com for about $130 for a studio. Loved it.
4	Vdara is a winner! It has a ton to offer without having to spend a ton of money for it. During CES/AVN weekend, I was able to book 2 nights here for $169/night, which was the best value on the Strip for that weekend. The City Center hotel is just over a year old, so the rooms are really nicely appointed with modern amenities. Although there is no casino and not much in terms of dining options, it's conveniently located next to The Cosmopolitan, Aria and Bellagio, so it's just a short walk to some of the best gambling, clubs and restaurants in Vegas. An additional upside is that the hotel is clean and smells really nice when you walk through the lobby because no smoking is allowed and they pump this lovely scent through their vents. I wish my house smelled like that. My BFF and I enjoyed our suite; bed was super comfy, bathroom was really nice and stocked with Aveda products, and there was a mini kitchenette, great for heating up leftovers at 4am. Our other friends stayed in a similar sized king room that had an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains so we got a great view of the water show at night. But the rest of our friends had the best suite of all: the 1,447 square foot 2-story penthouse suite with two bedrooms, 2.5 baths, living room and fully equipped gourmet kitchen. There were 6 people staying here, and at $600/night, it was such a steal. Like I said, you can feel like a big baller without breaking the bank here. Unfortunately, their check-in process was a bit of a nightmare as the suite was not ready at 3pm, but they did give them spa credits.I'd definitely consider staying here again, especially since it's just a hop, jump and a skip away (ok, maybe a painfully long walk if you've been dancing in stilettos all night) to The Cosmo, my new favorite casino resort.
4	Vdara is absolutely gorgeous. If you're coming to Vegas for a relaxing time, this is your place. The whole building is new and modern.  Great updates in the rooms including super-comfy beds and gigantic bath tubs. There were also two flat screens, one in the "living room" and one in the "bedroom", which was great. I'm not sure about the entire hotel, but I know that the views from our room were pretty nice. The only downside might be the location. Some might think that's a little crazy since it's technically located in the middle of the strip, but if you are interested in going anywhere other than The Cosmopolitan, Aria, or Bellagio...you're in for a mini hike. The walk is completely doable, but becomes a little inconvenient after 10 hours of drinking and gambling. Throw in heels and forget about it.Overall, the place is so charming, it makes me want to travel to Vegas just to stay here and relax. I'm not entirely sure how likely that is to happen, but if it ever does, I'm fairly confident that I'll be updating this to 5 stars in a heartbeat.
4	The rooms are clean with spectacular views of vegas, for a 5 star hotel the rooms are small but we got great service, we were able to charge our meal at Joel Robuchon's at MGM because Vdara is part of MGM. I was able to walk to my spa appointment at Mandarin Oriental. I would stay there again.
5	The most beautifully simple and luxurious room I have ever stayed in.  I wanted to literally move in. I wanted to transplant the entire bathroom into my home. Every detail from the silky sheets to the amazing modern art and fixtures was thought out and executed perfectly. I loved that there is no cheesy casino. You can go next door for that. I even loved the way it smells like figs when you walk in the doors. My only critiques are that the pool was small and since it is March they had not opened the pool bar/cafe yet.
3	Sliding bathroom doors right next to your bed((( It's ok if you go buy yourself) And toilet paper...well like in a cheap hotel. Oh, and hair dryer - you have to look for it ))) Its under the sink inside a shelf that is almost invisible((( Try - found mine only on third day))) Everything else - was great: beautiful views, very quiet ( which is extremely nice after all the shows and casinos), has 2 minute walkway to Bellagio.
2	I just recently stayed at the Vdara with some friends, and our experience there was 'OK'.  1) Upon driving to Vdara (if you've ever stayed there), it is a bit difficult to locate its front entrance.  Yes, it's on Harmon Avenue, but once you've figured out that you have to drive 'up' the driveway and loop around via facade of the Aria, you finally get to the 'hotel.'2) They do not have any self-parking, which is great/fine, but of course this immediately sets the expectation.  Complimentary valet should only be the beginning of the seamless experience you 'should' have.  3) The front desk attendant whom assisted us seemed to be more concerned with exposing her beauty regimen all over the front counter where her computer is situated.  This should have been the red flag to let us know that the employees of the Vdara are more concerned with their lip gloss application, versus the paying guests of the so-called 'hotel.'4) I get it, the Vdara was suppose to be a condo building, but given the mortgage crisis, they had to convert the property to a hotel.  It would have been all said and done, if they followed through with the vision.  What hotel on earth only has 1 bed in EVERY room?  With three guests, we had a Queen bed with a pull-out sofa bed.  Good luck on finding any guest who is willing to be a returning guest and sleep on a sofa conversion again.  If you're going to be a hotel, make the investment on getting some double beds into your suites.  5)  Upon entering the room, the room was clean and modern.  (Give the 'hotel' another 6 months and the beige carpet will turn into a deep brown color.  Good luck on steam cleaning those carpets on a regular basis.)  Nothing to really complain about on the room... we head out for a long joyous evening around the town.6)  Returning to the room at around 1am, we are all quite exhausted and want to call it an evening.  That's tough when the room is not stocked with any sheets or pillows for the sofa bed.  Vdara, if you're depending on your sofa beds to fully substitute a bed, make sure you have the sheets and pillows already in the room.  Who on earth wants to call and request them at 1am?  Additionally, if they already knew there would be 3 occupants, its a no brainer to already have the sheets/pillows in the room.  7)  We had then made a request for some champagne flutes and bowls to be sent to our room.  (i.e. we were out in the town during the day and wanted to return to our room to have a couple glasses of champagne with some snacks.  Thus, we called the 'hotel' to send up some flutes and bowls to our room, so that we could immediately take in the wonderful view of the hotel room.)  6 hours later, we return to our room with no champagne flutes, nor any bowls.  We called the front desk, and there was no apology for the delay.  Of course, we wait in excess of 30 min.  Unacceptable in my opinion.8)  As a no gaming hotel, no restaurant, at least keep your mini convenient store open 24hrs.  What good is it to have a kitchen in your room with a refrigerator, when you close your lobby grocery store?  (Also note, dinnerware and utensils are upon request only.)9)  I can not remember during any of my travels where a hotel secures their iron to the ironing board via bungee cord.  Your guest don't want to steal them, and if they did, just charge it on the room.  Having your irons closely secured to the ironing board is just plain stupid.10)  On one of the days we were there, we decided to go sit by the pool.  Who wants to do that if the bar is not even open?  If you're going to open the pool area, you should open the pool bar.I know, I sound like a tough one to please, but really, much of this is a no brainer in operating a '5-star hotel'.  Vdara, decide on what you want to be: a Condo building, or a Hotel?  You shouldn't advertise yourself as a hotel, but keep the service level of a Condo with HOA fees.In all, I would have rather stayed at the decrepit Circus Circus Hotel.  At least they are not posing to be a 5 star (Orbitz rating) hotel.  I'll pass on this one.  Next time I'll stay at the Cosmopolitan.I would like to give them 1 star, but I'll rate the Vdara with 2, given the rooms were nice (for now).My suggestion:  If you're looking to stay at a full-service hotel, don't stay at the Vdara.
5	I really enjoyed my stay at vdara. I stayed in the 2 story penthouse (56th floor) Staff was very helpful and quick to respond to requests.The views were amazing... we had a view of the fountains at Bellagio and of the strip in the master bedroom.. and then the other side of Vegas in the master, 2nd bedroom, and living room.We also went to the spa and enjoyed the suana, steam room and hot tub... very nice and relaxing the day after a club.  Location is good (it's right next to the Bellagio and Aria)...Fairly new hotel, so very nice and modern.
3	First off the hotel is very nice. rooms were stylish, even the elevators were cool.  But this hotel is for the older/family crowd.  with no casino, and only having Bar Vdara, and Market cafe their is not a whole lot going on there for the younger customers.  and every time I'd pass an employee they never said have a nice day or hello, hell they barley even looked at me.  The next time I go back I will stay at the cosmopolitan, very nice atmosphere, friendly staff, great bars and dining, and Marquee club. that's were I spent most of my time and money.
2	If one is looking for where MGM cut corners on city center, look no further than the Vdara. It feels like a movie set, looks good from a distance, when you get up close you realize it is a facade. The carpet in the lobby is lumpy and frayed, there is wallpaper in the hallway. I was far from impressed. No comparison between this place and the mandarin oriental.
5	If you're looking for the party-and-gamble-all-day-and-all-night Vegas experience, then Vdara is not for you. If you want various restaurant options within your hotel, then Vdara is not for you. Vdara is probably one of the smallest hotels on the strip; they don't have a casino, and they only have one bar, one restaurant, and one mini cafe/market (open until 8pm only). With that said, if you're looking for a luxurious home-away-from home in the heart of Sin City at a reasonable price, then Vdara is definitely the place for you. We didn't know that their rooms were all suites until we walked into our Vdara Suite to find a full kitchen, a washer and a dryer, a spacious living room, and a separate bedroom and bathroom. I'd never needed a microwave in my hotel room, but after staying at Vdara, I don't know how I ever survived without one. No more food gone to waste - simply keep it in the fridge and heat it up when you're hungry again. Also, the gigantic refrigerator eliminated the need for us to fill our bathtub with ice and use it as a cooler for our drinks - sweet! Housekeeping at Vdara is amazing. They did all of the usual things, but they also folded our clothes, lined up our shoes in a row, and basically lined up anything and everything they could see. We felt like our mothers had secretly gone in and cleaned up after us. Thank you!Again, if you want the convenience of having everything Vegas has to offer right when you walk out of the elevator, then Vdara wouldn't be the best choice. However, if you're willing to walk through the hallway to Bellagio, across the roundabout to Aria, or down the sidewalk to Cosmopolitan, then definitely give this place a try! (Bonus Star: We saw Fergie and Josh Duhamel, who were also staying there that weekend. He is so unbelievably good looking...)
4	Continuing my theme of doing Vegas right, staying at the Vdara is doing it right. City Center is the new hotspot in Vegas with all the popular restaurants, clubs, hotels all located in one area. While the Aria and Cosmopolitan are nice, I feel like they are overpriced for what you get. Vdara has plenty of suite options that are very reasonably priced. I stayed in the 1600+ sq foot hospitality suite and was pretty impressed. With 2 bedrooms and 2.5 baths, a full kitchen and every amenity you can imagine, its a great suite. I'm still a Palms Place fan but if I'm staying on the strip, I think Vdara is the best option! Will be coming back for sure.
3	This More of a 3 1/2. I will say this right off the bat, you simply can not beat the bathrooms or the rooms in general. They are both fantastic and make for a wonderful stay. Especially the views of the Bellagio Fountain. The problem I have with this place isnt with the rooms or amentities. The Problem I had with Vdara was with the staff at the front desk. The concierge, bell staff, and valet were all wonderful but for some odd reason the front desk staff FAILED in comparision. They werent friendly in the LEAST bit and all the staff had different knowledge from person to person about various things. All in all i would stay here again for the rooms and location but next time I stay ill be sure to give whoever is at the front desk the business.
1	Vdara is a great place to stay if you want your property stollen from your locked room. Then when you approach management about it they act like you are the criminal, do NOT do anything to compensate for the injustice, then have the audacity to charge you full price for your stay.
4	It's definitely a niche hotel in Vegas with very distinctive pros and cons.Pros:- It's a non-gambling hotel which is super quiet. Bellagio, Aria and Cosmopolitan are all about 5 mins walk away. In fact I loved the peacefulness when I walk into the hotel lobby from a long Vegas day, but some people would not like it.- It's non-smoking.- Rooms are in good condition since the hotel is quite new.- Price is cheap... in fact cheapest among Vegas 5 stars.Cons:- Not as luxury as "Venetian" level. The modern decor feels like a 4 star NYC hotel instead of lavish Vegas.- Walking to casinos is short, walking to the Strip is long since all the casinos are giant.- Water pressue in the shower is bad! This is in fact my biggest con. So overall I liked it, and in fact I have booked with them for another trip in the summer. Their low price certainly helped with the decision, but if you can get Wynn / Venetian / Cosmo for less than $50 more a night, then I suggest going with those.P.S.: I saw 7 or 8 crazy bitter Californians who just signed up Yelp to claim "their friends were robbed" at this hotel and give it 1 star.... Look, I am sorry that you are robbed, and I hope for your best if you have called 911 for the investigation, but 7 or 8 people signing up to just rate it 1 star? I find it hard to believe that, if you are really robbed, you choose to spend energy on Yelp instead of giving more info to the Police and the hotel management.
5	Plusses:- no smoking- no casino- respite from the craziness- maid service tidied up our room really nicely, shoes all lined up, floor cleared, etc - Aveda bath products- incredibly comfy down pillow-top bed and king sized down pillows- all rooms are suites with a kitchen, living area, and a big bathroom- huge soaking bath tub, big enough for two, and separate shower- very clean, nicely furnished rooms- rooms and lobby smell clean and fresh- big flat screen tv with iPhone/iPad hookups- motorized curtains and black-out-shade are pimp- centrally located, walking distance to everything we wanted to see- free tram to Aria, City Center, and Monte Carlo- City Center has all the hottest newest restaurants, clubs, shopping, etc.- great value compared to similarly priced hotels- our room had a view of the Bellagio fountain, Cosmopolitan and Belagio pools, and the strip- nice lobby bar has an outdoor patio with suspended beds- all parking is valet only, very posh- staff were friendly, helpful, and unobtrusive- we didn't take advantage of the spa or gym, but I've read good things.Minuses:- the name- 15 minute walk through the casinos to get to the street- the only restaurant in the hotel (Silk Road) just closed-  only food in Vdara is the Market Cafe (panini sandwiches, omelets, etc, open till 8pm)- not much of a pool scene- hot tubs, steam room, and sauna are an additional $25/person/day- they charge a mandatory resort fee (apparently so does everybody else)- no in room coffee, even though there's a kitchen- AC was inconsistent, we were constantly adjusting hotter or colder- no bubble bath for the bath tubResponding to other reviewers:- plush fleece lined robes are available, you just have to ask. Took 5 minutes to deliver.- kitchen utensils are also free, just ask.- ditto for the iPhone connect cable- some reviewers recently posted about in room theft, that sucks!! We started using the safe after reading about that. This place is too nice for ish like that, I hope management resolves everything.Overall, Vdara was perfect for us. I'd stay here again for sure.
1	Let me just say that I hardly ever review things on yelp so this negative review should have some weight. If I could give negative stars I would. I have never been at a resort with such bad customer service. They need to go back to customer service 101. Everyone at the hotel from the people who check you in to the spa attendant I would fail all of them. They have NO idea what customer service is and they have no idea how to treat their customers well. If they keep this up they'll be closing very soon. I stayed at the cosmopolitan the night before and it was like night and day compared to the vdara. The hospitality is 1000000X better there and they truly treat you like a king. So save yourself from headache and grief DO NOT STAY AT THE VDARA.
4	Got the room on bid priceline for $75 bucks a night. Not bad. Resort fee was $18/day. Not bad also. The rooms were nice, design was space efficient. No smoking and no casino. Pet friendly. Hotel was connected to Bellegio, a big plus since it doesn't have any entertainment. Pillows were extra comfortable. The blinds and black out shades were electronically controlled. Kinda cool.  Coffee was comparable to Starbucks at the cafe in the main lobby. Aveda products for restroom.  Overall, my experience was good.
4	I liked my stay in Vdarra..... Stayed here with friends for my friends' birthday and we ended up getting a suite. Even though the room was still a little small for our group, we made the best of it! The room was nice and very neat, however one of the bathrooms locked from the outside, HAHA! The washer and dryer in the room came handy for  one of my friends. so that was nice!I like the fact that this is a non gambling hotel as well! so close to five stars, but it's just way too pricey!
5	I had a great stay here at Vdara. Being sensitive to second hand smoke, this is a great alternative to those that aren't into drinking, gambling, smoking and causing havoc in the town of Las Vegas.The crowd here were mainly families, and 30+ people. Very few 20 year olds. The staffers here were really friendly and welcoming. Room service got me extra towels and eating utensils I needed in a very timely fashion. The fitness room, is a bit small, but it gets the job done. It was pretty much packed when I went. (Thursday 9AM). Towels and water were readily available.The pool was nice and relaxing. I didn't actually go swimming, but I had the chance to sunbathe for about an hour or so.. enjoying a sweet Strawberry Margarita while the suns rays tanned my pale yellow skin haha. Definitely enjoyed this pool more then the bouncing pools at MGM, where kids are shirtless with beers in their hands and hootin and hollerin. The bed and pillows felt like home. I stayed at Aria that had a cooler setup with the electronics and whatnot, but the bedding is better here at Vdara. The pillows had the perfect plush to it , and the blankets had the perfect weight on me. 24 hour complimentary valet service was a bit annoying at first thought, since I had to tip each time I dropped/picked up a car, but it wasn't a big deal as I originally thought, and the valet guys were all nice, and hustled their behinds pretty quickly to get us our vehicle in a timely fashion. Appreciate that guys!!Wow, writing this review I can't see anything horribly wrong with Vdara at all. I will not be staying at any other hotel in Vegas. This is the one hotel that screams out ALICE! :)
2	Would be a great hotel in anywhere else, but in Vegas it a meh. But hated their check-in scam. Tried to add $18/night to rate (was told it was required) for WiFi - I have an iPhone). When I asked to see the manager, it was "waived".
5	i would love to stay at this beautiful hotel again
2	If u like modern, clean, no casino noise, no smoke... this is the place to be! ... HOWEVER, I DON'T LIKE THESE THINGS... so i would NOT come back!This is my third trip to Las Vegas, in previous times I've stayed at The Imperial and The Gold Coast... and if you're familiar with those two hotels , you're probably cringing right now, but i like to slum it when i go to vegas.  I figure all I'm going to be doing in a hotel room is sleeping, so as long as it's reasonably clean, then I'm good... the Vdara was a little too clean for me.This place is like living in a starbucks.  It's clean, it's modern, and it's expensive (well, for me) .. not necessarily for the stay, but for everything around the stay, to purchase in the hotel or for any additional services in the hotel.I really did not like the fact that it's a little off the strip, and you're forced to walk through the Bellagio, Aria or Cosmopolitan in order to get to the hotel.  Yes, there is a street to walk down to get here, but due to the sidewalk disappearing at a certain point it involves crossing the road and it's a very indirect route.  Initially i thought this would be okay, but then hen stumbling back to the hotel room intoxicated late at night, I found it to be a big pain in the ass.This is a very quiet hotel.  Don't expect anything to be open after 10pm... so if you're looking to get away from the strip, then perhaps this is a nice choice for you... for me, it was not.As petty as it seems, i was annoyed by the fact there was no coffee maker in the room.  I had to go down to the lobby wait in a fairly long line just to get my morning coffee.The pool is very nice! But it's on a side of the hotel where all the sunlight is blocked from the pool deck til about noonish... which would probably be very nice in the heart of the summer, though i stayed here in April, and I wanted sun anytime i was outside, so that didn't work out all that well.I also bought a Sunwing Vacatation package for a flat rate per night, but then when i got to the desk I was forced to pay an additional $18 a night for various hotel convenience fees such as the "complimentary" wifi... clearly they have an odd definition of complimentary here.Also, the rooms are set-up in a way where there is a sliding door for the bathroom which is not very soundproof... and there is no fan in the bathroom either.  So make sure you're very comfortable with the person you're sharing the room with, cause if you're not, your ears will tell you everything about them by the end of your stay there :)Bottom line, it's a really nice hotel... just not for me.
2	quiet place in terms of vegas standards. there is 1 bar by the registration desk. the place is quieter, since there's no casino.recommend if you want to stay at a nice, low-key, quiet place on the strip.
4	I stayed in a Deluxe Suite with Lake View (the lake being the Bellagio fountain show) for $321 (including taxes and resort fee) for one Saturday night.  The room had a SPECTACULAR view with wall to wall windows and the room was very modern and upscale.  Two flat screen TVs, remote window shades, beautiful tub and shower, nice compact kitchen, ironing board, dinner table, couch, internet access (but bring your own laptop), two bottles of water....  The entire hotel is non-smoking so that is sensational.  Aria with its casino is a two minute walk and seems to have the best ventilation system in Vegas or maybe because so many of its clientele are from Vdara that the air is so much nicer than any other casino.  There is also a tram to next door Bellagio and the concierge was able to get us a dining reservation at Michael Mina spur of the moment so that was terrific.  I think all of these hotels are part of the same company.  Word of warning.  We went to next door The Cosmopolitan and absolutely could not find our way out of the place without back tracking all the way out the front, through the Crystal mall, through Aria and finally back to Vdara, even though I could throw a rock from Vdara to the outside of The Cosmopolitan.   So in Vdara you arrive, wait let me also say that in my Honda Accord Navigation 2600 W Harmon does not exists, too new, and 2600 E Harmon IS NOT THE SAME PLACE!  I give 2600 E Harmon zero stars and did not enjoy the drive through slumville.  Vdara has valet parking, so in most cases great.  Stop, unload, walk right to the front desk, up to the suite.  Super.  Compare that to the self park at the MGM, hauling your bags for 10 miles of shopping and casinos, to the desk, then back through the casino and shopping to your room...So I get to Vdara and tell the Valet, keep the car close I need to leave in 30 minutes and am in a rush.  I get back in 25 minutes and wait 10 minutes for my car.  RRRR, no tip for you dingus.  Leaving on Sunday was almost 30 minutes waiting for the car.  Plusses and minuses for valet here.  I also asked on Sunday how to get to Caesar's Palace and the valet told me to go left on the Strip.  I am not going to tell you all of my shortcuts, but there is a backroad that is 100x faster than Las Vegas Blvd.  Another dingus in the valet department.
5	I absolutely loved my stay at Vdara and would certainly recommend this hotel to friends.  From the moment we walked in we appreciated the clean smoke free environment and the elegance of the place.  Vdara provides the perfect hotel for those wanting the Vegas experience but also a quiet place to retreat to at night.  Make sure to ask for a room with a view of the Bellagio fountains!  We were upgraded to an upper floor room with a view and didn't even have to pull a "twenty dollar trick."Our suite was huge and came with a super comfy king sized bed, mini kitchen and a living room with a couch and chair.  Because this hotel is smoke free (much appreciated) none of the rooms or hallways had nasty lingering smells.  The pool area was classy and clean and had an attentive waitstaff to bring drinks and snacks.I loved Vdara but in trying to write the most honest review possible I must say that this place was seriously lacking in concierge service.  Vdara must remedy their concierge situation to prevent long lines and long waits.  A start would be putting at least 3 staff members on duty at any one time such as they do at other City Center resorts.  Waiting 30 min to print a boarding pass is just too long.  Nonetheless, our stay was a five star experience and Vdara provided a perfect alternative to the smoky, noisy strip casino hotels.
1	Our sofa beds were not turned over in the evening, We came at 2 AM, we had to go through the inconvenience to wait for someone to bring sheets/do beds. The person who came was rude, huffing, complaining, with a bully attitude. We were embarrassed, offended. She threw extra towels we requested on the table.We check out and found out we were billed for the water bottles in our fridge even though we never opened them. Not only that, it's an opt out daily option that was not communicated to us. They had the nerve to show us the fine print on the reservation check in paper when we complained, Insurance style. Cheap, embarrassing, abusive, money hungry attitude.Pros: concierge desk gave us a good service.A top notch looking hotel with an underwhelming/inexperienced service.The theft stories on yelp freaked us out.Free Wi-Fi, but check the opt out options, you WILL pay for things you will not use.
4	Awesome stay.  Location was perfect, right in the middle of the strip.  Easy walk to the Cosmo, Bellagio, Aria... oh wait, VALET SUCKS!!!  Knocking my review down one star for that.  Valet service took over 30 minutes each time. Took the car out twice from valet, both times over 30 minutes to get the car.  Not fun when you;re sure hung over and just wanna get your car and leave.Hotel room was nice and roomy, very modern and had a great view on the 47th floor.  Able to see partial strip, the Bellagio Fountains, and the RIO/Palms.  Lobby smelled great too.  Quite a nice change from the smokey casinos.
4	I am torn between giving this place 3.5 stars and 4, but since I cannot give half a star, I'll go ahead and give it 4. The design of the hotel and the rooms is really nice, modern and we really loved the smoke-free atmosphere. Plus you don't have to deal with any crowds. If you want eateries and casinos, they are a few steps away at the Aria and the Bellagio, etc.The beds are comfortable, but having the bathroom door right by the bed was not my favorite, particularly because the door did not close all the way. They do, however, provide plenty of towels and Aveda soaps, lotions, and hair products.Arriving at the hotel can be confusing, mainly because the Vdara does not have its own dedicated parking lot. Valet parking is complementary, but the wait time, from what we heard, could be about 30 minutes if you needed your car back. We walk everywhere when we're in LV, so that was not a problem. We also checked-out early, so we got our car pretty quickly. No complaints about the valet staff at all - they were all very nice. Check-in was fairly quick and the staff was friendly.Our main complaint is that housekeeping never came to our room to clean it. We left fairly early on our second day and turned on the housekeeping light, but came back to a room that looked exactly the same way we left it. Thank goodness for the extra towels, right?For a fairly pricey resort, I find this unacceptable. I am not surprised when this happens at places like the Circus Circus, but here I was not the least bit amused. Also, we would not recommend trying to call any of the hotel desks because you will be hard-pressed to get someone to answer your questions...or at all.Personally, I would rather stay at the Aria, which was awesome from beginning to end, or any of the other wonderful resorts out there.
4	New five star hotel by the Strip. Highly recommended for families since it is a non-gambling hotel so you don't have to walk through slot machines with smoking gamblers to get anywhere. They also have put some faint aroma scent in the lobby so you really feel the difference once you step in. Location wise it shares a tram stop with Bellagio and near the center of the Strip. The health room has state of the art Cybex machines, each with its own tv screen and they also supply earphones. Rooms are modern and spacious. Downside is there is no room view of the Strip (so I was told) and the ultra chic Silk Road bar was closed.
4	I am adding Vdara to my list of preferred hotels in Vegas.  Since Palazzo and Encore have hit the scene, I no longer need to stay in "standard" 500 sq ft rooms.  I'm all about the suites these days!  I stayed at the Vdara city corner suite to get a full 270 degree view of the Strip with a prime viewing spot of the Bellagio fountain show.  The price was very reasonable.  This is somewhat offset by the fact that the hotel seems a bit "dead".  There's no casino, the only restaurant there closes at 8pm and the bar is definitely NOT happening.  However, it's a 5 min walk to Aria, Cosmopolitan and Bellagio and a short cab ride everywhere else.  Best part of the room was probably the huge bathroom which also had an amazing view of the strip.  There is a pull-out sofa bed but my friend said it was very uncomfortable.  Overall.. I still prefer Encore but for the $$, Vdara's a great value.
4	good job priceline!!  got us Vdara (friday and saturday night).  we had to pay an extra $20 resort fee for the stay at the front desk includes pool access, gym, internet access, and complimentary valet.  the resort fee is not optional.  but we parked at the bellagio because there was no self parking.  we don't like to valet because they may mess with your car; it also means that it's not free because you are obligated to tip.Vdara is next to Aria and connected to the Bellagio.  it is a condo converter.  no casino means that it's smoke-free.  YAY!!  the rooms have a small kitchen area.  accommodations are nice with a spacious room and modern decor.  we also had a nice view from the 32nd floor.the rooms have this cool light that changes color if you put "do not disturb"..."housekeeping"... the gym is a good hotel gym.  it's small but there is bottled water, sweat towels, clean earphones.  each elliptical machine and treadmill has their own personal tv screen.  just grab a set of earphones in the clean basket.  when you are done, you can place them in the used basket.we spent some time at the pool also.  there are towels at the pool desk.  you can swim or lay out on a chair.  there are some umbrellas for partial shade.  if you wish to have a bungalow, you can pay extra for your own.  you may order food or drinks in the pool area.  i took extra aveda shampoo, conditioner, soap back.  when i arrived home, i noticed that the aveda bottles from Vdara were bigger than previous hotel products.  it was 1.7 fl oz to 1 fl oz. now, one gripe.  hubby said that when he booked Vdara on priceline, it was labeled as a 5 star hotel.  well, when we took the elevator up...two times...a bell boy with a big luggage cart came into the elevator with us.  usually if a hotel wants to be a 5 star or even a 4 star hotel, they would let their hotel guests go up the elevator first.  many times when a bell boy with a huge cart sees guests taking the elevator, they let us go ahead and say that they will wait for the next one.  no, not at Vdara.  all i can say is...you are not a 5 star hotel.  five star hotels have top notch accommodations, service, etiquette, and top dining options.  at Vdara, you have a small cafe with some food/drinks.  no restaurants for dining.other than that, if there were no claims that Vdara was a 5 star hotel...then it's a nice place to stay -- a solid 4 star hotel.  just that fact that it's smoke-free and clean makes it a place i'd stay at again.recommended!!
5	As good as it gets! Clean, quiet, non-smoking... Vdara is an awesome contrast to the rest of the Vegas frenzy. Yeah it was a bit of a bummer that I had to step downstairs each time I wanted a cig - but the trade-off of having clean air all other times was so worth it considering the Strip basically sits in a giant cloud of smoke. Can't comment too much on the room service, since I barely spent any time in the actual room, but our group of 7 (or was it 8?) comfortably fit in a one-bedroom suite. My experience with the valet was also seamless - I gave them my ticket and literally 3 minutes later I was on my way out.
4	Gorgeous place to stay for some R & R but many down falls to the access and amenities. When trying to find the actual hotel it was horrible... First its off of Hannon and there is a completely different ramp from the Arias. There is no Casino in this hotel and everything closes very early . The rooms are gorgeous and clean. The sweats come with a fridge stove and living room with your very great big comfortable bed. Compared to the Palazzos there are more amenities in the room, however the atmosphere does not compare.
4	Great place to relax and enjoy a good massage. No casino or restaurants but great place like i said for R&R.
4	We chose Vdara because we got a great deal and there was supposed to be a $50 room credit (which I vowed to spend on chicken fingers at 4am).  I honestly knew next to nothing about the hotel and after staying in a fabulous room at the Wynn on my last trip, had low expectations.  Boy, was I surprised.  When I walked in, I noticed there was no casino.  THANK GOD.   Vegas scares me a little and the lack of a smokey casino filled with fanny packs and Bud Lights, made me feel better about my stay.  My friend was already there and wanted to check in earlier so he agreed to an upgrade.  We had a corner room, complete with a kitchen, sitting area, HUGE bathroom, 2 TV's and an amazing view.  I could LIVE in this room.  Very clean and simple, the only thing that was missing was an iPod hook up (I like to play my music when I get ready!). The pool, while small and quiet, had great sunlight and comfortable chairs.  We had lunch near the pool one afternoon and the food was delicious, such a welcome change from the food served at the Wynn pool.  While I didn't get my chicken fingers (we had to forego the credit for the room upgrade) I was very happy with my stay and should I find myself in Vegas again, I will definitely be back at Vdara.
2	We stayed fears for my friends bday weekend getaway and they had suites in our price range.Cons: far. There's really no direct route to get here. It's either you go through Bellagio or through the maze of city center. I would choose the Bellagio route.The bathroom does not have ventilation.There's nothing in this hotel but market and small cafe.Young people tend to stay here. At about 3 am the hallways get rowdy.Pros: I like how our suite had kitchen, even washer/dryer. So if you want an extended stay hotel, go here.I wouldn't go back. I think.
3	After staying at the Aria hotel earlier in the year I was expecting the Vdara to be of the same quality, actually I expected even more.  When we walked into our room at the Aria the room was large, the shades opened automatically, and the they had a remote control that could do EVERYTHING except cook me eggs in the morning.When we walked into our room at the Vdara I was expecting to be "wow'ed", but I was so disappointed.  Another reviewer mentioned that the furniture was very Ikea-like.  I agree 100%.  It really appeared as though the designers were on a budget when they designed our room.  Our only problem with staff was when we came back into our room in the evening and noticed that the housekeeping staff forgot to leave us cups and an ice bag.  Not a big deal, they were very quick to get us some after we called downstairs.Vdara is NOT a 5-star hotel.  It's more like a 3.5-star hotel, that is living in the shadows of it's big brother Aria.
4	I stayed here 2 weekends ago for my boyfriends bday.WOW were we surprised!! I LOVE the idea of a NON-SMOKING/NON-GAMING hotel!!! It was perfect. Sometimes you want to go to Vegas and really relax! Access to the strip is easy.....just a walk through the Bellagio (which the hotel is connected to) and you are there!The room was gorgeous, seriously I am not giving 5-stars because the room-service was kind of average. I don't think I want to ever stay in the Venetian/Palazzo again!!!
5	iI just got back ,I loved it there .I didn't want to come home . I will always stay here now . I have stayed many places in Vegas and this is my husband and my fav .
5	I LOVE VDARA. I stayed here for business, so I didn't wanna stay in a casino. Vdara SMELLS AMAZING! I wish they would bottle that smell and sell it! (Hey, CityCenter if you DO decide to do this, lemme know!!) Since I was here on business I had some paperwork that needed copying, collating, etc. My AMAZING!!! room attendant told me to go to dinner, and when I get back all the papers would be ready for me. HOW AWESOME IS THAT?! He made the copies, separated them into files and bound them. He made my experience OVER THE TOP awesome! Of course when I left for my meeting, he wished me luck and told me I would impress them..and guess what I did! The room service was yummy and I loved the uber contemporary rooms! Ever since my visit I've always recommended Vdara for a truly upscale experience in Vegas.
3	i like how the rooms have a kichenette....but the hotels smelled a little.. our room was a non smoking room.. but since i dont smoke.. i could tell ppl smoked there before.. what do i expect? its VEGAS! ofcouse ppl are going to smoke on a non smoking room.. but i'd stayed at the palazzo before and its sooooo much nicer.. for the price.. i'd stay at the vdara again if it was as cheap as we got it this time.. this hotel has no casino.. next time id rather stay in a hotel that has casino.. so i can walk down in my pjs to play some bj.. :) .................black jack.. for what you get tho.. its a good deal.. :)
3	Very comfortable, clean, new suites. Location is central though still removed from the Strip; this can be good or bad depending on if you want a slight "retreat" or not. Vdara's hotel restaurant has closed for some reason, perhaps due to the economy. On the other hand, Aria is right across the street, and there is a walkway to Bellagio from Vdara.Service could be improved. The book in the room says checkout is at 12, but concierge mentioned checkout was at 11, so I called the front desk to clarify. I was promptly informed that the time had changed a few weeks ago. When I responded with an "Oh...", I was told that this information was on some paper that I signed when I checked in, in a "you should have known better" tone--instead of apologizing for the confusion or automatically offering to extend the checkout time.At check-in, there was also no mention of our $50 resort credit (which was the promotion we used when making our reservation) until we asked about it the next day, and the $50 amount was not automatically deducted from our hotel bill until we again stood in line and asked for the credit at check-out (so we couldn't use the video checkout or express checkout). I don't appreciate that.
5	I stayed here for a few nights during my trip to Las Vegas, and I couldn't imaging staying anywhere else! The customer service was fantastic! I called down @ 2:00A for a toothbrush and shaving kit and they were at my room in under 3 minutes.The room amenities were exceptional. Comfortable bed, almost as comfortable couch, beautiful bathroom, and a kitchen! Seriously the most relaxing place I've ever stayed. What a contrast to the hustle & bustle of Vegas.It's literally a 5 minute walk from the strip and taxis are abundant. One can walk to the Bellagio in 10-15 minutes.The downstairs bar is pricey, but they bartenders are fantastically skilled. Free wi-fi everywhere. I cannot wait to go back!
5	We stayed at Vdara for three nights starting May 12th and couldn't have had a better experience. We were in a two-bedroom penthouse on the 54th floor and the view was the best I've ever had in Vegas. Our room overlooked the Bellagio fountains, which provided us a great show each night.The room itself was also excellent. Great beds, big bathroom with tub and shower, great kitchen, etc... Every staff member we encountered was on top of their game and a did a great job of making us feel welcomed and appreciated. We had room service every morning for breakfast and once for dinner, and the quality of the food and presentation was excellent. The French toast, in particular, was awesome.There is absolutely nothing I can complain about or would have changed about our stay . It's an excellent property and value. Don't hesitate if you're considering booking a room at Vdara!
5	I had a very positive stay here. I booked the room through Priceline. I rolled the dice knowing that for five star hotels on the South side of the Strip that Cosmo, Aria and Vdarra were in the same bucket. Staying here worked out really well. My friends had planned on going to Marquee and eating buffet at Bellagio. Vdarra has a direct access breezeway to Bellagio and is about a 1000 foot walk to back entrance of Cosmo. Just be careful with the back entrance because the crosswalk is not very visible to drivers, so you have stick your head out a bit and make sure they see you. Don't step off the curb until you are sure they will stop. The rooms are suites and are about 600 square feet. There are two big screen TV's, a king-sized bed and a kitchen. Dishes are available upon request. I didn't try out the spa or the pool so i can't comment on that.Wifi and robe and slippers are free. Well technically not free since there is a mandatory $20/person fee for services that include the wifi and slippers. Regarding the curtains, apparently they are operated by a light-switch. I feel like a doofus because I read a review for Vdarra that said there were not any block-out curtains. So when I looked for the curtains and couldn't find them, I just gave up. I will definitely come back to Vdarra if for no other reason than to try out that damn electrically-operated curtain I didn't find this time around.
4	Our flight arrived to Vegas earlier than excepted, so we expected our room not to be ready. When we arrived at the hotel on May 19th, the front desk girl offered us a room that was ready on the 28th floor that wasn't facing the Bellagio fountain. I booked a corner view suite had requested a room on a high floor with a Bellagio fountain view when I first made the reservation. There are 56 floors at the hotel. She then said there was a room on the 30th floor with a view of the Bellagio fountain, but it wasn't ready. She continued to look for rooms, which she then said that there was a room on the 50th room with a Bellagio fountain view, but it wasn't ready yet either. We agreed to wait for that room to be cleaned, which she said it would be couple of hours before it would be ready. We waited a couple of hours by walking around the area before calling to check to see if the room was ready yet. I was transferred to housekeeping, who said it wasn't ready yet and they would call me back when it was. After eating and walking around some more for a couple more hours without hearing back from anyone, we decided to go back to the hotel and was told that the room was ready. It would of been nice if they had called me as they told me they wouldUpon inspecting the room, we found a dirty fork and knife in the dishwasher, as well as trash in a trash can underneath the kitchen sink. When housekeeping called to see if the utensils were delivered, which I requested upon check-in and had been delivered, I told them about the trash and dirty utensils. They said they would send someone up to take care of it. No one ever showed up, so the trash and dirty utensils were left until the next day when housekeeping came to clean the room. The room did have a great view of the fountain, strip, and mountains!!!On the evening of Thursday May 20th, I called concierge to attempt to change reservation time for dinner at Jean Georges Steakhouse at Aria. I held on the phone for 30 mins waiting for someone to answer, but no one ever did, so I hung up and decided to call the restaurant directly myself. The hotel is a nice hotel, which unlike some other reviewers, I feel that it IS within a short walk to the Bellagio, Aria, The Cosmopolitan, and the strip. I would suggest going to the 24hr CVS, which is a short walk and is located a block south of CityCenter on the strip to grab snacks and drinks, since the market inside the hotel has limited choices and closes at a certain time.The Clark County fire station is located adjacent to the property. They tend to stay busy, which on one of the late nights/early morning hours, they seemed to respond to several calls in a span of 4 to 5 hours. The windows are not sound proof, so you will hear the sirens, which may interrupt your sleep if you're a light sleeper.The entire property is nice, which I would stay there again, especially with it being a non-smoking/non-gaming hotel.
4	Gotta love the Vdara...Stayed here for my birthday and couldn't be more pleased with the room and the service. We got here around 8pm on Friday night and check in was easy, no hassle.Even better at check in is when the guy at the front desk upgraded us for FREE to a penthouse with a view of the strip (honestly they probably over booked but hey I'll take it)The room was nice and comfortable with an open air design so there was room to roam around. Comfortable bed makes you feel at home with a view of the strip that's breath-taking. The service was great, call the concierge and they bring up everything in a timely manor, my friend asked for a pot haha. It's a non-gaming hotel so you have to walk to Aria to gamble which can be a hassle for some people but not a big deal to me since I don't gamble too much.But this is a great spot to stay and it's more affordable than the other places in City Center.
2	Absolutely not a 5 star hotel as is advertised on several sights.  Nor a "spa" hotel.  We looked and requested a list of services, which we never got.  Our room was dirty and the pull out bed wasn't made up.  We found tags, batteries, the stove top in the kitchen was filthy and garbage in the drawers in the room and the garbage under the sink was overflowing.  I called down to ask to have it cleaned ASAP and it still wasn't done the next day.  Took 2 calls to get sheets for the pullout bed.Pool area was a disappointment, we called the concierge and front desk to try to get reserved seats and were told "there are plenty of chairs."  No place in the evening to get food unless you order room service, which was lackluster.  No coffee pot in the room and despite being advertised as having a kitchen area, there wasn't anything in it except a sign saying to call if you wanted it equipped.  We weren't looking to cook dinner, but a few glasses would have been nice.It's a walk through, up, down and around to get anywhere---either through city center or the Bellagio.  Again no one could explain the tram that runs to the Monte Carlo or that you could take a walkway to the back of the Bellagio.Bathroom was spacious and nice, good view of the Aria, but overall we wouldn't stay here again.  Too far off the strip to be worth the money and no amenities.
4	I found this great deal to stay at the Vdara through Expedia, and jumped on it because I wanted to try out one of the new hotels (I stayed in April '10).  I also wanted to see how it would be to stay at a non-gaming, non-smoking hotel on the Strip.  Thankfully before I arrived there I did a little bit of research of things you should know about before staying there:- no self-parking directly at the hotel, Vdara is [free] valet only.  The closest self-parking was at the Aria- You have to walk a bit through the Crystals mall to get to the main strip to cross the street to get to the Miracle Mile shops.So knowing that, I brought a good amount of small bills with me to tip the valet.  I drove there from San Diego with my gf, and when we arrived, we were welcomed helped out with our bags immediately.  Our bags were even brought up to our room for us.The room was amazing! I reserved the cheapest room available, and usually at other places it means no view.  But we ended up with a pretty good view of the Belagio fountain.  There was plenty of space in the room; it had a dining area, a living room area and a giant king size bed.  There were 2 large flat screen TV's which also had connectivity for laptops or ipods.  Overall, it was a great stay, and the service was better than most places I've stayed at.
3	I got a fan-tas-tic deal here, otherwise I would say that while Vdara got the job done, I wouldn't exactly rush back to stay here again. For the big picture, two things... check-in, check-out was terrific and while the room was nice enough, there's no real "wow" factor besides the view from the huge windows. As for the fine points...The good: - kitchenette with a decent sized fridge for your own stuff.- good bathtub for soaking.- fast elevators (for you frequent travelers to Vegas, you know how annoying it can be to have to wait forever and a day for an elevator).- those windows and the electric controls are fun to play with.The not-so-good:- even with blackout shades, the room was far from being "blacked" out. When I'm in Vegas I sleep till late morning and the sun starts to come in at 5:45 am.- no one came to clean our room on our second day despite turning the "do not disturb" sign off.  We had to call for supplies after 1am when we arrived back to find no toilet paper (the only roll supplied was the one on the hook - I searched everywhere!).- No one likes to watch their significant other use the toilet (or as my husband would say... drop a deuce) while they try not to watch/listen from the bath - no matter how much you love them. Why oh why didn't they build a separate toilet closet? This for me is the deal breaker.- Hard to access from the strip. I got stuck in the Cosmopolitan a couple of times and the major douche bag factor there is just way too much for me to handle. Though Expedia (whom I booked through) classifies this as a 5 star hotel, I would slightly disagree.  4/5 stars. I think the whole Vegas star system is slightly different then the rest of the world because by no means is this in the same caliber as a Ritz, Mandarin or Four Seasons property.
4	The interesting part of the hotel is that the room actually has kitchen! lolAs to the other parts. It's good. brand new building, well designed, connect to Bellagio directly. but somehow it's not that popular... you seldom see people at the bar.I guess the main reason would be there's no gambling machines there - which is very odd for hotels in LV
5	Four months later & still the same experience as my first visit!!!!!Love this place!!!!
4	4.5 STARSWe stayed in the Hospitality suite (2 bed, 3 bath) for 3 nights.  There were 5 people that stayed in the suite and we were all comfortable.  The beds are very comfortable and so is the sofa in the living room.  All of the staff are friendly and we also got a complimentary limo to and from the airport.  For our group, we always try to get a 2 bedroom suite which are pretty hard to find on the strip.  As compared to MGM Signature Suites which are also 2 bedroom (not truly a 2 bedroom but 2 suites joined) I definitely prefer Vdara Hospitality suites just because it is a true 2 bedroom suite with a living room connecting both bedrooms and is on the strip unlike MGM SS.  Only downfall of Vdara is that it doesn't have a casino, which isn't a big deal for me but might be for some people.
5	LOVE this hotel! We wanted to try a new hotel on the strip and jumped on a really good deal through expedia. Unlike other hotels, this hotel is kinda of tucked away in City Center from all the madness. Plus it was a smoke free hotel so our clothes didn't reek of it! Check in was quick and painless. Just like any other hotel in Vegas...you'll be charged with those "resort fees." They gave us a deluxe suite overlooking the back of City Center. Not the greatest view, but the room itself was amazing. It was a luxurious condo--kitchen (separate from the room), dining table, sofa, king size bed...etc. It was a very nice and relaxing 4 night stay. Parking was the only issue. No self parking for the Vdara, the closest was at the Aria. So valet was the only option. It was very convenient and the guys were speedy....but we would use their service 4+ times a day so it just took a little away from our gambling money.
2	The room was nice and valet service was very quick and nice but that was about it.  I've stayed at many hotels in Vegas (Aria was the previous) and have never had so many gripes about a hotel before.We arrived at 1am on a Monday and realized we didn't pack toothpaste.  Called the front desk and were told it would be right up.  Didn't realize it would take more than 35 minutes for them to be "right up".  If it was a busy weekend I would understand, but it was a dead Monday morning.Resort fees... one of the most dishonest business practices ever.  These 'resort fees' should have already been included in the high price of booking this hotel.  They display a dishonest price when booking and then slap you with these fees which are nothing more than to be used to generate more revenue and to display a lower room price.  I will never return to a hotel nor ever recommend anyone to a hotel that charges a resort fee (and a high fee for this mater).  $18 + 12% tax.Aria (which probably has some resort fees too now that I think about it since it owns Vdara) had some nice front desk staff, so does MGM signature.  The front desk staff at Vdara are definitely not the best.  They must have put out their worst staff for the weekday mornings.  I've just gotten off the phone with a Vdara front desk worker who was so rude that I had to come on here and write up this review (and I don't review often...).Stay away.  You can do a lot better than this.
3	My friends booked the two-story penthouse suite for a weekday night post-finals week in Vegas about a month ago here. The building is cool, sleek, clean, modern, as was the penthouse. But maybe because I have these grand images of spacious wide 360 rooms at Caesar's Palace from The Hangover...I wasn't as impressed. haha...don't get me wrong though. It's a nice 2-story penthouse with enough bathroom space for a lot of guys and gals to get ready. =) Enough room to host a party for over 50 people so.......yea! I bet the neighbors hated us. And the clean up crew. Eeps. But overall the hotel is nice and a walk away from planet hollywood, a tram stop from cosmo, city center, Bellagio, so that's convenient! But the trams can get confusing and the walk was still a bit of a pain because Vdara is behind the Bellagio and Cosmo and it's a walk uphill-ish and you have to cross and overhead bridge to get to PH. Kind of sucks when you're wearing heels!! =P
4	Booked Vdara as a last minute at the rate of $109/night, which wasn't so bad. We were able to check in early at noon instead of 3pm and was pleased right when we entered in our hotel room. It was nicely decorated with modern and elegant features. Vdara is eco-friendly and is committed to be non-smoking. It's conveniently located in the heart of the City Center, in the middle of the Las Vegas Strip. Only passage to the Strip is to walk through Bellagio. The staff were very welcoming and friendly during my stay at the Vdara. There are resort fees ($20) applied daily to this hotel in case you're wondering!The room:Instead of those "Do not disturb" door signs, Vdara considers it by the click of the button. After clicking the button, the outside doorbell light turns blue which means "do not disturb". The room includes a sofa that can be pulled out as a queen size sofa bed, but it's expected to not be as comfortable as the actual bed. The kitchen was on the side right when we enter our room with a sink, mini fridge, mini stove, and many cabinets.The window is a panoramic view, with 2 layers of blind shades that you can control by the touch of a button!The bathroom has separate tub and shower, but no ventilation. The bathroom door is a sliding door with a lock of course.The bed was very comfortable, courtesy of Sealy mattresses. Vdara also provides a list of products they purchase its bedding products that's available for you to place an order if you really like it.The bad:I'm sure many Yelpers have mentioned the cons of this hotel already, but Vdara does not have a casino as its commitment of being a non-smoking hotel. To get to the casino or the Strip, you'd have to take a walk through Bellagio (no negatives about Bellagio!).We've experienced a water shut off around 1-2am during our stay which disappointed us. I understand it's late at night that they wouldn't bug you to notify, but I would like to be warned ahead of time. When I used the water around 1am, I felt like water was scarce since the outflow was limited as if Vegas ran out of water. My boyfriend then uses the bathroom and there were NO outflow at all.I would stay at this hotel again, and would only recommend it if you don't mind the walk through Bellagio for the casino or the Strip. You do a lot of walking in Vegas anyways, so it wouldn't hurt as much. It's a very nice and clean hotel throughout. Trust me, my sister even inspected its sheets and she has not found any spots.
5	Stayed for 2 nights on a weekend in June (2011).Here is what we considered to be Positives (they may not be for you):-Smoke free.-Right next to the Bellagio (an easy walk between buildings).-A bit off of the Strip.  We couldn't hear traffic or any other noise, which is what we wanted.  Just the occasional siren.-A nice breeze that constantly blew across the pool deck.-Unlike the rest of the Strip, not crowded.  It was nice to come back to our hotel and have some quiet after being out on the insanity of the Strip.  -A good deal on the place via Priceline.  I think we paid $120/night.
4	No-smoking the entire hotel! Literally a breath of fresh air!!Pros:Brand new, modern + stylishGreat viewsAll rooms are suitesAveda products provided24-hour taxi standIt smells great in the lobby (like a spa)Gym is good sizeSpa facilities can be used for $25 (sauna, steam room, jacuzzi)No smoking hotelRoom-serivce is top notch - food stellar, presentation (setup) impressiveCute cafe in the lobby with fresh food and organic productsKitchen in every room..with a stove!Can pay 1/2 price to check out at 6 pmCons:No restaurant No casino (not a con for me)Only 1 pool, that's not very big Rooms are not cleaned until late in the afternoonNot right on the strip, but accessible through Bellagio
4	Great suite for the discounted price.  The motorized blinds are a nice touch, and the layout is nice and modern with a partial wall separating the living area and the bedroom.  Central location on the strip is great.
1	If I can give a zero star, I would. It's the WORST experience I've ever had in Vegas. I'm writing this review while waiting for someone to come and fix the AC in our room. It's 100 degree in Vegas and our AC isn't working and we've been waiting for an hour by now. The front desk was not being helpful nor apologized. I highly recommend anyone to stay away from this place. Not only the customer service is very poor, it also is a very dead place since there's no casino nor restaurants. Oh, let's not forget, there's no soap in our bathroom either, so we waited for 1 hour for that too. Simply the worst!
5	I've been to vegas a couple of times with my family and I would say Vdara is the nicest hotel I've been at. Although, the whole complex looks like LAX or any major airport.People complain about how there's no casino and self parking, but I don't understand why people are whining about that when the hotel can't really change it and its not like you can say Vdara gave you bad service for something they don't provide a service for. So you should just try to figure out what you want in a hotel and what Vdara can offer, so you can choose the right hotel for you.We didn't expect Vdara not to have a casino, but we later pleasantly found out that we loved the fact that there was no casino. There is no terrible smell of smoke! BUT, if you do want to go to the casino, the bellagio is connected to Vdara and its only a 10-15 min and Aria's casino is a 5 min walk (there isn't a strong smell of smoke here either, maybe cause its new!)My room came with a king size bed and a queen pull out couch with 2 tv's. Also a small kitchenette was included! And I had great views of bellagio and its water fountain show. The room came with electronic shades that block out the sun so you can sleep peacefully until the morning without being blinded by the bright morning sun! I do have to say that the bathroom door is quite thin, so you can hear a lot of noise that you don't want to really hear. The aveda toiletries and bathroom interiors were nice! Free wifi too!NOTE: the complimentary valet is a bit annoying, since everytime you want to get your car, you have to tip them. The market cafe has GREAT sandwiches! and good coffee! If you want to shop designer brands but don't want to walk all the way to caesar's, go to crystals! closer and newer!
5	Love, love, love Vdara. First class hotel, amenities, and local restaurants. The bar snacks at Bar Vdara are my fave! The on-site restaurant named Silk Road closed (they had the best eggs benny) but now they have the Vdara Marketplace which serves breakfast and lunch and is a nice convenient spot to grab anywhere from a coffee and sandwich to batteries, champagne, and aspirin.Most importantly, the staff is always friendly and helpful and it always smells SO GOOD in the lobby :)
5	I was a little concerned with the negative reviews, but after my recent stay here I have found my new favorite place to stay.  I used to primarily stay at Venetian/Palazzo, but I like Vdara a little more.  With all of the new luxury hotels in Vegas, I feel like there is no reason to stay in a standard sized room. The suites at Vdara are very well appointed and give you a nice sized sofa bed (in case you need to sleep a couple extra freeloaders or kids), a nice kitchenette with a microwave, stove, and usable minifridge, a dining area, and two large TVs. Get a high floor with Bellagio fountain views and you will not be disappointed. The $20 trick worked to get us on the 53rd floor with fountain views  My wife was stoked about the Aveda bath products. If you like bathtubs, there is a nice deep soaking tub. Obviously, there are certain things that you have to expect in order to not be disappointed. There is No Casino.  You are about 5 mins from Aria, Bellagio, and Cosmopolitan. I actually think not having a casino was nice, since there was no annoying slot machines, smoke odor, or a half-mile walk to your room. There is also no real restaurant on the property. However, there is a market in the lobby where you can get coffee, wine, cheese, etc. They also serve basic breakfast and lunch options.  You are however within a 5 min walk to about 30 restaurants between Aria, Crystals Mall, Cosmopolitan, and Bellagio.  Room service is also available. The pool area is small, but big enough for the size of the hotel. People complain about the location being far from the strip. However, I thought it was super convenient especially if you want to spend time at Aria, Bellagio, or Cosmopolitan. There is also a tram that can take you to the Crystals Mall or Monte Carlo in about 5 mins. Service was overall very good. The pool bartender was a little scattered, but the drinks were strong and tasty.  Overall, I would stay at Vdara again in a heart beat.  I think the value is great too, compared to other similarly priced resorts. Got a great deal on priceline.
3	Just completed a two nights stay at Vdara and thought I'd share the good and the bad.      The good:      Friendly staff.        Check in was a breeze.            The market while expensive was convenient and less expensive than room service.Location is fantastic,an easy(and safe)walk between Aria and Bellagio via conected walkways,without having to go out to the strip.         Fast elevators.     The not so good:   Rooms are flooded with light at sunrise due to  three blackout panels rather than one.There's about a two inch vertical gap between each panel and it lets in more light than is acceptable,or is wanted when you went to bed at 3:30am.Thats a deal breaker for me,if I cant sleep untill mid morning due to too much light in my Las Vegas hotel room I won't stay there again.   The room are noisy for a modern,multi-billion dollar property.You can hear conversation from adjacent rooms via ductwork that comes in through a grill/air diffuser.Completely unaccepable.    Pool was nice,but very crowded,and in my opinion too small for  resort/condominium towers with 1490 rooms.      Have stayed at Aria before and will be staying there again in the future and not at Vdara.
5	Pleasantly surprised.Online, this place is one of the cheaper hotels to get in city center. So I wasn't expecting all that much (always best to set expectations low!). But my friend ended up getting a 2 bedroom suite, and Wow, was it nice. Complimentary limo service, to and from the airport. Washer/dryer in the unit. Comfortably accommodating to a party of ~10+ people at any given time in the room. And not having a casino downstairs worked out great for me (out of sight, out of mind =D)!
5	My stay at the Vdara can be summed up in one word : REJUVENATING.Coming to Vegas for the first time in a good 3 years, I really wasn't sure of where to stay and left it in the hands of some friends to pick a hotel that was nice, adjacent to the strip, and ideally, had a nice pool.   They came up with a 4 night, 5 day stay at the Vdara.. and boy, was I happy.Firstly, the ambiance at the hotel is really relaxing right off the back.  Minimalist ceiling fixtures and light music really sets the calm mood in the lobby.  Also, the SMELL!  As other people have mentioned, the hotel is a nonsmoking hotel, but the fresh-scent that is ever-present really was something worth taking note.  Every time we would walk through the hotel, someone in our party would comment on it.The pool itself was smaller than a bunch of the other hotel pools, but really relaxing, and the drinks from the pool bar were pretty good for the prices ($).  AND, the Vdara-death-ray found in so many articles is since long-gone.The corner suite that we had was very spacious and easily fit 4 people, due to the pull-out sofa bed (which originally looked kinda shifty, but was more comfortable than I thought), and having a full refrigerator, washer/dryer and stove-top really felt like an apartment rather than a hotel.  Someone in our party found out that originally these suites were dedicated to resort-style apartment living right off the strip, but when they weren't selling, they opened it to the public.  SWEET.Even though I am a major gamble-holic, and there was no casino directly down in the lobby, I was kind of relieved, since it forced me to get some exercise (...and think twice) if I wanted to gamble a bit.  Aria is literally less than 5 minutes away across the roundabout and the Bellagio casino floor is also a quick 10 minute walk away adjacent through the breezeway.A couple little criticisms:  when we first requested extra towels for the room, they were sent up very promptly.. within 5 minutes, actually.. HOWEVER, we were very surprised to be looking out at the view, and hear a "Hello?" right behind us.  The housekeeper decided it might be fun to sneak up behind us, enter our 'locked' room and walk into the bedroom to deliver them personally.  This prompted us to DEADBOLT the door anytime we were in the room.  I read reviews on here about peoples belongings getting jacked, so we utilized the tiny, tiny safe in the room, and I would recommend it.  Also, we showed up one afternoon, to a smelly room and our vents all pulled out and set alongside the floor.  Apparently, there was a leak coming from our room that had leaked down 20+ floors to the lobby so they tried to fix it before we came back... (HA!  Caught them!), but a very nice mechanic named Harris apologized to us and got us a discount for the inconvenience.Even with the minor mishaps, I really enjoyed the stay here and will definitely stay here again, no question.
1	I was VERY disappointed in Vdara.1. First of all, it doesn't have self-parking. WHICH HOTEL IN VEGAS DOESNT HAVE SELF PARKING OTHER THAN VDARA? There wasn't even enough people out there helping with the valet. We waited forever until the car was parked.2. The lobby was a mess. There were 3 people working at the front desk, people were all confused not knowing if there was one line, or 3 lines. There were only 3 people in front of me, but i still waited for about 20 minutes. The lady also had trouble scanning the keys to give to us. She seriously scanned about 10 keys, and made us wait while she asked other people to make the key for her.3. The room is nice, but the pull out sofa bed was really bad. The mattress on the sofa bed sinked in in the middle, so it was very uncomfortable to sleep on. I called to request a blanket/ comforter, and I think they gave me a bed cushion thing. Also, the air points directly at the sofa bed, so sleeping at night feels like sleeping in a wind tunnel.4. The bathroom door has the kind of lock where you turn clockwise to lock. My sister closed the door after she showered, and the door locked inside! We had to call someone to come fix it for us. Horrible Design!This place isn't even the cheapest place! I had a better time staying at Circus Circus!
2	I went with my friends for 2 nights. We booked this hotel through an agency. When we check in, it takes us an hour because their computer froze. We booked 2 rooms. However, one of the rooms still wasn't available and we checked in around 11-ish. When we go to our room, there is only 1 bed and a sofa bed for 4 people to stay in. The sofa bed is the worst part !!! It doens't come with any sheets or blankets and we have to call and ask for them. We have to place the sheets ourselves. We went up to them and asked for a room that has 2 beds for 4 people. The staff said, "there is no room with 2 beds in Vdara. I tried the sofa bed myself, and it is very comfy." The truth is, when we sat on the sofa bed, we were sitting on the springs of the bed and onto the bottom of the bed. I am not sure about people live in Vegas drink coffee or not in the morning. I cannot believe there is no coffee machine in the room even though there is a small kitchen. For everything you need in the room, you will have to call the services every time. It is very inconvenience. There is internet, but it does not support much on the phone data. VERY SLOW !! Laptop sometimes doesn't even connect to the internet. Customer service is bad. The view is very good. If you are travelling in single or with one more person, the room is ideal for up to 2 people only. I am not looking for super great hotel, but comparing to other hotels I have stayed in, vdara's lobby sucks and nothing attracts there.  I will not come back to this hotel !!
3	My friends and I thought we were going to be living the LIFE in two adjoining suites at the Vdara when we went to Vegas last weekend for a long overdue girls trip. Well.... we had our bubbles burst when we arrived. We did NOT get adjoining rooms (bummer) and the rooms were significantly smaller than we anticipated. We knew since it was non-gaming, non smoking it would be a more chill environment , but for most of the weekend the hotel was soo quiet! I kinda longed for the sound of a ringing slot machine by the end of the trip. I think we missed out on the pizazz of Vegas lol.  We also had to call down to the front desk for everything we needed.... shower caps, dishes (for the kitchenette) and sufficient washcloths (there was only 1 in the bathroom). Once we got over a few of the disappointments we did enjoy the rest of our stay. the Vdara is right across from the Aria which has all of the typical Large Vegas hotel/casino amenities (food, dancing, etc). We walked to the Cosmopolitan as well and didn't need a cab the entire trip! The city center was well built with easy access to Bellagio and Monte Carlo. Our favorite part of the trip was the day at the Vdara pool. We had a cabana (reasonably priced) which was wonderful. We had our own TV, cabana boy AND a fridge stocked with soda and snacks. Now, that I know what to expect I would stay there again if I was looking for more of a relaxing trip or traveling for business.
4	Vdara is hands down, one of the best hotels on the strip.It definitely has proven itself as a triple threat...great location, best bang for your buck and beautiful spacious suites. The hotel itself is located in the City Center and is within walking distance to the Bellagio, Aria and the Cosmopolitan. Everything about this hotel is absolutely beautiful...the decor, the hotel layout and even the amazing spacious suites. For once, my non-smoking hotel room did NOT smell like smoke. I was extremely pleased. My favorite thing about this hotel is the outdoor seating area in front of the hotel. I recommend laying down on the long swinging chairs and sipping a nice cold cocktail. The only thing lacking from this hotel is a formal restaurant, however the little cafe and the cute bar on the first floor makes up for it. For two nights on a busy weekend I spent about $489. Not bad for a beautiful spacious suite with a view of the Bellagio water fountain show and free high speed internet. Two thumbs up for Vdara...I shall be back!
3	The service: Mediocre. I came early and could not check in for four hours, it took them about an hour and a half to get my luggage up to my room, and I had to call them three times about it. On top of this, my friend and I reserved two city corner suites. I got the corner suite, but he did not. INSTEAD, they DOWNGRADED him to a regular room and still ended up charging him the same amount. His room was SIGNIFICANTLY smaller than my room. What kind of hotel does that?The room: Beautiful. It was huge and completely worth the very reasonable price that I paid for it. There was a small kitchen/dining area, a full size fridge that they stock with complementary water for you, two huge flat screens, a separate bedroom with the comfiest bed ever, a HUGE bathroom with a very deep tub with bath salts, and a separate shower with an amazing view. Did I mention a washer and dryer that I (unfortunately) did not get a chance to take advantage of.Note: It takes a while to get a cab because most of them  fill up with passengers at the Aria before driving away past Vdara.
3	This hotel so wants me to give them a 5 star review, but they're only getting the 3 stars.  Sure, they spent millions of dollars on every aspect of the property, and perhaps they feel entitled to 5 stars from each of their guests.  After all, they paid for the votes.Here's why they don't:  The Details.First, the pros:  This place is NICE!  Totally modern, each room is a suite, amazing views(available upon request and prompt payment), full size refridgerator/kitchen, it even has a washer/dryer.  Seriously, nobody has a washer/dryer in their hotel room. It's also smoke free and doesn't have a casino in it. This is all quite nice.  The complementray valet parking was also nice. They even have a coffee maker in the room. I know, this is America and all, and coffee, along with running water, is standard in every hotel in the country, but in Las Vegas, hotels on the strip usually do not include this basic necessity. They'd rather you wake up w/ a hang over and come downstairs looking and feeling like dookie to get your coffee rather than providing you a basic cup o' joe in your room, even if it isn't all that good. Because the crappy hotel room coffee is going to make you not want to have a real coffee. The cons: The details!  1) For example, I have a shirt w/ a button that's starting to pop off. I like this shirt. I want to wear this shirt. I need a needle and thread.  Being a wonderful full service hotel, I call the front desk to request a needle and thread, which I am assured will arrive promptly.What I get instead is a "vanity pack", contents: 3 cotton balls, 3 cotton swabs, 1 emery board.   No needle, no thread. WTF, am I going to sew my button back on w/ a Q-tip? Try harder.2) The ironing board has a fixture to hold the iron which has been surgicaly attached to the ironing board in the place which takes up all of the most valuable ironing real estate, making it take twice as long to iron anything. Thank you, but no thank you, thank you.3) The full size kitchen has nothing in it. For exampple, you have a nice coffee maker(w/ the usual crappy hotel coffee) but no coffee mugs.  You have to call for it. Hint: poeple like coffee in coffee mugs. Put them in your rooms by default. Or is the coffee mug maker just for decoration?  If someone takes a mug home, charge their card. Put a logo on the mug. They'll want to take it home. Easy money. What are you waiting for?4) We were a party of 3 and there's no extra bedding in the room for the pull out sofa.  Perhaps they assume all their parties of 3 are into freaky 3 ways or something, as I had to call down to get the bedding , which showed up about 30 minutes after the time I wanted to go to bed(that would be when I found out that there was no bedding).If a place wants to call themself full service, and wants me to pay more than $600 for a night(a Saturday), then they should be smart enough ask me on check in if we'd like additional bedding sent up rather than making me find out the hard way. hint: we're a party of more than 2, and by defailt our suite only has 1 bed. Either we're into the freaky 3 way, or we need extra bedding sent up. Don't make me find this out after a late night out in Vegas. Ask me when I check in. Be full service.It all adds up to a hotel w/ sub-par service for the price. They are missing the attention to detail at a price where they should be paying attention to the details.  My checkin guy Al, the valets, & bell hops all did a great job, though, so thumbs up to those guys.Well, this was a fun review to write. I hope you have as fun a decide going or not going there as I did writing this.
4	I yelped ahead of time and got some good tips. Since we were bringing the kids with us to Vegas (I know, I know...but my grandmother was going to be in town & we haven't seen her in over a year), we needed a kid-friendly hotel (i.e. space and a fridge). I ordered groceries from Von's that literally arrived when we did. I didn't want to have to mess with dishes being delivered. So, I just included plastic/paper bowls, cups, spoons, towels, etc with the groceries. They held our groceries in their cooler until we got up to our room & then brought them right up. When checking in, they scheduled our linen delivery for the sofa bed. The sofa bed was NOT comfy. Glad the kids slept in it and not me! On day 2, the cleaning lady did a crappy job. Didn't leave washclothes, didn't pull the trash, didn't leave coffee, etc. The other days were fine. We didn't have any time issues with valet...even the time we left our ticket in the room. Tipping got a bit annoying (especially since we were getting the car out 2 times a day). We had a beautiful view of Bellagio's fountains! I didn't realize we could walk to Bellagio through the doors at the far end (around the corner) of the lobby until the last night. The Bosch washer and dryer were a lifesaver! Though small, they got the job done. Just watch the dryer b/c it'll think your load is dry when it isn't. We got a good "name your own price" deal on priceline & upgraded to the full-sized refrigerator room once we got there (for an extra $40 a night). I'd stay there again, especially if we have kids in tow.
3	Stayed here Sunday night with 2 friends....it was OK.  Got a room with 1 king and a pull-out sofa bed.  We check in about midnight or so.  They never offered to tun the sofa bed for us, just gave us a key.  When we walked in the room, there were no extra pillows or blankets for the sofa bed and the windows were dirty.......nice touch guys!The hotel itself has nice decor and its quiet, although EVERYTHING was closed in CIty Center....shops, restaurants, pool...ect.  Its sad to see Vegas this way.  Building this huge sub-city and nothing stays open late.  Though times in LV, I guess.  We paid about $200 for the room, and I might come back, but don't expect much for hospitality.
4	Summary: Very pretty, spacious, modern rooms.  Nice views. Very good midtown location (City Center).  Good value (on my stay, anyways).  It does have a resort fee, unfortunately, though to their credit they DO throw in a lot.  Missing some details, though, that prevent 5 stars.Plusses:* Very good midtown location (City Center);* Room spacious, modern and nice.  Includes microkitchen.  NICE bathroom.  Exterior and lobby elegant and contemporary;* Staff put me near the top floor (nice!);* Nice views;* Good value (though I'm mid-week.  Prices go up on the weekends or during major events or conferences, but so does the rest of the strip);* Very good bed.  This is a biggie for me, I'm very picky about my beds;* Internet access and fitness center included in the resort fee.  Most hotels have lame gyms, but I must admit this one's pretty good.* Breakfast and lunch buffets included in the resort fee (though it does have a $20 limit);Minuses:* Resort fee;* NO COFFEE MAKER IN THE ROOM; no coffee mugs, either.  Such a simple thing, even most cheap hotels come with one.  Big miss;Random:* Valet-only parking.  Overall I don't mind since work pays for my trip and expenses, but I could see how someone who frequently comes and goes would find that annoying;
3	Stayed here over the weekend for one night with some friends. It's definitely a nice hotel in comparison to the other hotels on the strip. Upside: For starters, there's no casino in the hotel at all so that eliminates all the smoking fumes that you always run into at the other hotels. Everything is fairly new in the suites and the design is modern. The suites are spacious enough, and the views are great! Suites have a kitchen and dining table, also there is a washer/dryer to do laundry if you need to.Downsides: No self parking what so ever! There is only valet parking, and it takes some time before your car arrives especially when there's a cluster of people going in/out at the same time. Our check-in time was 3pm, but our room was not ready when we arrived. Front desk informed us it would take 1 hr. more to finish. Fast forward 2hrs 30mins later, our room was still not ready! Therefore the hotel gave us a $50 credit.If the service would have been better, maybe I'd give it more stars, but the hotel is alright considering it's much newer than the other hotels on the strip.
3	Three and a half stars for Vdara.The hotel is beautiful: very modern, sleek design, beautifully decorated inside. And no casino means no lingering cigarette odors.The room is really nice. King size bed, pull-out sofabed, a kitchenette with a fridge, microwave, even countertop burners (the hotel will provide pots and pans if asked). The bathroom is almost as big as the room itself. It has both a large bathtub and a standing shower.The pool is small and pretty standard. There are several cabanas that can be reserved ahead of time, but there are plenty of lounge chairs for everyone's use. What knocks my rating down for Vdara are small things which I think a high end hotel such as this one should be able to fix easily. No iPod dock and poor lighting in the rest of the room other than the bathroom. The fridge was not cold enough even though it was set to high: we had to keep our drinks cold in an ice bath. The showerhead had absolutely no pressure. And while the queen size bed was extremely comfortable, the pull-out bed was probably the worst pull-out bed I have had the misfortune of sleeping on. No pull-out bed is comfortable, but this was just bad. Saggy in the middle, and the wire springs poked EVERYWHERE. Sleeping on the floor may have been a better option.The mandatory $20 resort fee covers free wi-fi in the rooms, use of the pool, and complimentary water bottles each day, among other things. Items/services requested from housekeeping takes a while to get to your room, but it doesn't mean they're ignoring you: it's because with so many guests, they're usually bombarded with requests, so be patient.Vdara is conveniently connected to the Bellagio via an overheard walkway, and a tram connects Vdara/Bellagio with Aria and Crystals mall, as well as Monte Carlo hotel.Despite its shortcomings, I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.
1	Not only was the vdara city suite cramped with little to no amenities - they fucking reemed me with no free extended check outs that other shitty hotels such as circus circus would grant me.
4	Ssshhh!  Vdara is right now my favorite hotel in Las Vegas and most people I know have never heard of it.  Why? Because it has no casino, no destination bar, restaurant or club, and although it's on the Strip in theory, it has no Strip facade and nearly no signage.  Yet its location in the City Center complex is nearly ideal.  Cross the driveway and you're in Aria, down the stairs and into the swanky new Cosmopolitan; stroll out the back, down an open walkway and you're in Bellagio.  The only downside is you have to go through one of these hotels to even reach the Strip in a legal fashion on foot  -- there are no sidewalks down Harmon Dr. that take you to Las Vegas Blvd.  Why, then, does Vdara make me so happy?  Well, it's not the pool, I can tell you that.  Perched on top of the lobby, below the mirrored southern facade of the hotel, it has no real character, virtually no shade and seems designed to bake you like a boneless breast in a solar oven.  It's very fine to hang at the poolside cafe at breakfast time and then it's time to go elsewhere. ( I've managed to get into the pools at Bellagio and Aria as well as Monte Carlo while staying at Vdara so all is not lost.)No, what Vdara gives us is a completely non-smoking property (awesome) and big, stylish modern luxury suites for the price of a mere room at most new hotels.  People go other places in Vegas to play at being rock stars or hip-hop moguls for a weekend.  At Vdara you can live like a movie star in quiet seclusion until you're ready for your close-up.Designed to be condos before the market went ass over teakettle, the suites are completely livable homes - and LEED certified no less - in the heart of the Strip.  It's almost as if you're not in Las Vegas at all!  Full kitchen, washer and drier, and really, really nice bathrooms - you get a lot for your money here.  I love the big windows with automatic shades and the cool lighting. I used a coupon to get upgraded to a one bedroom corner suite that actually had TWO corners and a 250 degree view.  Sure, the view was of the freeway and west Vegas but also Red Rocks, and Aria and Bellagio pools.  And yes, we all have to pay a $18 resort fee per day but that does include wi-fi, use of the very worthy gym and spa, and water bottles restocked in the fridge every day.  But really, I pay more than that for hotel parking in a lot of cities and at Vdara the valet parking is free.The lobby is a nice hangout (smells good, not like second-hand Lucky Strike), the staff were all super-nice, and the rooms were nice and quiet.  I only mark it down from 5 stars for the average pool and the challenging pedestrian path to the Strip.  Would I go back?  Uh, like, tonight, if somebody hands me the plane ticket.
2	NO CASINO in this hotel. We took the Tram from Aria to check out this place and asked someone who was cleaning the trash cans if it has a Casino and they said Yes but when we got there, NO CASINO.. =( So we went to Bellagio instead.
5	This is the best Hotel resort without a casino in Vegas. The Hotel is very new about a year old when we visited and very modern. The staff was very polite and helpful. There is not smoking in the hotel and also not casino so the hotel has a very relaxed  atmosphere. Their is a free 24hr rail service to take you to the strip within a few min when you are ready for Vegas. The spa was very nice (but pricy) my wife and I enjoyed our couples massages. The pool area is very relaxing and not overcrowded like some of the hotels on the strip.  I will be returning. (FYI this is a time share style resort so they charge a resort fee per night if you are not an owner)
3	A really beautiful hotel/condo, but otherwise, it doesn't have much to offer. First, the location is not very accessible from the street or other hotels except from Aria and Bellagio from strange back entrances. We got lost trying to find it twice. It is not visible from the strip. There is only 1 bar and one cafe. I wasn't able to check out the pool, but they have one. Service was nice and professional, but not bending over backwards for anyone. The bell hop service was nice. The rooms were very comfortable, but I find it awkward to be staying in an owner's suite, where they're renting out your place to random people who book on priceline. I would not invest in a property here. Convenient access to Aria and City Center, close walk to PH and Miracle Mile. I suppose it is kinda of nice not to have any casino BS going on in your hotel lobby so, this may be an ideal spot for some.
5	Phenomenal./reviewNo, seriously. We frequent Vegas and have stayed almost everywhere on the strip. This place takes the cake. Where do I begin? We got a great deal through the website and stayed in a deluxe suite. And this is the least expensive room? What, it gets better (relatively speaking)? Free valet was a plus, seeing as how there's no Vdara self-park. The young woman who greeted us upon entering was very professional and the receptionist explained all we needed to know about our room and stay. The room. Very nice. The whole City Center area is one of the highlights of "new Vegas". They make great use of the small space. Extremely clean--so much so that I CONSIDERED using the tub (never got to it). We stayed 3 nights and look to book more in the future.
1	My husband and I stayed here over the 4th of July weekend. We were so looking forward to the stay after looking at the website and loved that each room had a kitchen and that the resort had no casino.  In the past we've stayed at other nice resort/hotels in Vegas that had similar set up without the casino and check-in was always so much faster and easier. Vdara disappointed us from the get go. First the entrance to the hotel is difficult to find even on the strip. The signs are tiny, the road takes you in loops and is overall a BIG headache. Most hotels on the strip have a back entrance, not this one. The only way in is from the Strip. That sucks considering the traffic on the strip is horrible. It can take you 15 minutes to go one block! Upon finally getting to the hotel, the only way to park is w/valet. No self parking? Come on! Sometimes I don't feel like tipping everybody 10 times a day! But Vdara says that's what the resort fee is for. Yeah, right. So the check-in counter was a pain in the ass. 3 long ass lines.  Why don't they get smart and make one line for all of us to stand in. That way we can go to the first available person? On to the room. The furnishings are nice and modern. But there were some major issues with the room. 1) No pots, pans, cups, utensils, etc. in the kitchen. Completely bare when you open the cupboards. You have to call housekeeping to bring each and every stinking thing you want up and that takes them at least 30-45 minutes. Such an inconvenience, when I wanted a cup of tea like an hour ago! They don't even give you a coffee maker. Also, the refrigerator is the size of a medicine cabinet. I kid you not. Go ahead and try to fit a few things, and you will see how ridiculously small this is. 2) Bathroom door was one of those sliding doors. Ours was already broken and the lock didn't even work b/c it wouldn't slide all the way closed. 3) The blackout shades are broken into 3 sections and each section has a 2 inch gap in between that lets in all the bright sun in the morning. Forget about sleeping in past 6am, unless you put a pillow over your head. 4) No robes in the room. You have to call housekeeping to bring it up and that takes 40 minutes. Again, a pain when you wanted to use it a 40 min ago and are now waiting to take a shower b/c the robes haven't arrived. So one morning since there is no coffee maker, my husband goes down to the only cafe in the whole hotel to grab a cup of coffee. The line was about 15 people long and he asked the cashier if he can just order a cup. She tells him no, and he has to wait in the big a$$ line. Another person asks, same answer.. wait in the big a$$ line. So a third person asks and the person says OK. WTH? By the time my husband gets to the front of the line he tells the guy they should be consistent or have a line just for coffee.  The guy rolls his eyes and shrugs with a look like "I don't give an F!" So my husband goes to the front desk to see if they have a comment card he can write on. They tell him "No, we don't have one. You can fill out an online survey that we will email you." Husband tells front desk, I have my comment fresh in my mind and want to write it down now. Front desk tells him "Go write it on the room stationary."  Husband is pissed, but goes up to the room and finds there is no room stationary. Only the little 4x6 notepad. So my husband writes his complaint on the little notepad and said he expects a call or email from their manager. Husband turns the card in to the front desk. Over a week later, we still have not received any response from Vdara. This place just sucks and they don't care about the customer at all.  Vegas is a hospitality town. We had great customer service everywhere but here and we go to Vegas at least 3 times a year.  Go somewhere else until Vdara improves their customer service. Trust me. These little things add up to a frustrating stay anywhere. We will not be returning. Vdara, you lost our business.
5	Amazing! So first off let me say that at the check-in desk we presented a "sandwich" to the clerk and she graciously upgraded us to a room with a view. SCORE! Our room overlooked the Bellagio fountains and we were treated with a beautiful water show every hour.....LOL It was awesome!The rooms are very posh.....dual flat screen TV's, kitchen, a plush down feather sofa, soaking tub, and a walk-in shower. We loved every moment in our room! Some other features; automatic shades on the windows, and a digital "Do Not Disturb" sign that deactivates the doorbell.....sweet!
5	had a corner suite. fully loaded kitchen, dining table, washer/dryer, living room, flat screen, and a plush/comfortable bed. The bathroom soo modern & beautiful, tub, walk in shower, dual sinks and Aveda toiletries. Super soft plush robes for him & her, two slippers, and black out shades. Plenty of towels which is a triple PLUS PLUS PLUS. Vanity table and you can hook up your HDMI chord if you bring and/or have a hdmi compatible laptop.we checked in early at 11 a.m. went really well. No lines. No problem.No problems from me for this hotel.There was a problem checking out but didn't involve us. Some lady jumped the line and it went pretty ugly. The check out was a mess indeed, but c'mon its 11 o'clock, what do you expect? Oh another thing, park at Bellagio and walk your bags to Vdara. Valet is super super waste of time. Waited 30 minutes for a car, when it can easily have taken 15 minutes to walk to Bellagio parking structure.Those valet dudes sure do work super hard. so worth the $200/night.Check it out!
2	A large group of us (14ish) stayed here over the 4th of July weekend.  The bulk of our group has traveled to Vegas multiple times, and we've stayed at the Venetian/Palazzo for the past few years.  We thought we'd try the Vdara for a change.  My thoughts for the Vdara for a group trip:-While the hotel is super nice, it's better for couples who enjoy quiet time, or young families with small children (under the age of 2).  My husband and I had our own room, which was nice, but the rest of our group shared a room for four people.  This was a bit tight, at least in the standard room.  If you want to stay four people to a room, you're way better off with the Venetian/Palazzo, whose rooms are much bigger.-The pool is small, but there was no shortage of seats on Saturday or Sunday.  We rented a cabana on Saturday, which supposedly has room for eight, but really, it's better for under four.  There are only four sunbathing chairs (direct sun, no umbrellas) and you *might* have room for another four in covered TV room, but it was tight and just not comfortable.  So NOT worth the $200 (or $250 on a holiday).  The upside was getting use of the little rectangle pools in front of the cabanas, but again, not worth the cost.  On Sunday, we reserved a couple of day beds, which are wide chairs that sit two or three friends comfortably.  This is a much cheaper option, as you only have to meet a $100 food/bev minimum, but if you're with a group of three or more, you can EASILY spend that on cocktails and water.  You don't get use of the little rectangle pool, but you do get umbrellas and your own waiter who never lets your drink get empty.-The location is fine, you can access the hotel from the Cosmopolitan (gorgeous!) or Bellagio.  I was worried about walking to the hotel in the July heat and it was so not a big deal.-They still have service issues.  Our friends had two adjoining rooms - one got cleaned, the other did not.  My husband and I were woken up at 8am on Monday morning because room service kept banging on our door.  When we finally let them in, they gave us a couple of coffee pods for the coffee machine.  Problem:  the room didn't have a coffee machine.  When we called the front desk, they didn't know what we were talking about or why they delivered the coffee to us.  Mistakes happen, but at 8am, it's a bit tougher to overlook.  Overall, I would not stay there again.
2	First off... if there are only 14 adjoining suites in hotel of 1400+, please don't make it seem like there's a reasonable chance I'll be getting one. If the tiny detail had even been alluded to during one of my numerous phone calls with the hotel to inquire about this particular amenity, the reservation would've been cancelled promptly on the spot. And why is it mentioned only AFTER I'm checked-in, angry and disgruntled? HATE.Secondly, the staff needs to know it is NOT OKAY to let themselves into a guest room when bringing sheets and pillows requested 2 HOURS AGO, and said guests have given up on waiting and fallen asleep. It scared the crap out of me, I swear if I was sleeping with a gun under my pillow, housekeeping would have gotten shot.Crying babies, uncooperative front desk clerks,  tsking security...I felt like I was staying at a youth hostel.Silver lining: awesome pool and cabanas. +1 star.But otherwise...I HATE THIS PLACE!
4	I had the pleasure of staying at this hotel during EDC weekend in vegas which was the last weekend in June and i think Im hooked. My friends and I usually only like to stay at the Palazzo since the rooms are huge with 3 beds. When we saw that this place was cheaper and had the same size room online we decided to give it a try. We got a corner suite which was a bit extra but man did it pay off.Our room had giant windows that when the blinds werel ifted gave you and almost 360 view of vegas. It was probably the best view I have ever had in vegas. Now the room itself was great. It had a full kitchen with a filtered water faucet in the fridge (which is freakin amazing in vegas since you get so thirsty from the heat and smoke and water costsl ike 20 bucks downstairs). There was also a washer and dryer which i was very surprised to see. The bathroom was very luxurious with a bath tub and shower. The beds were very comfortable but the pull out bed was not at all. Super hard springs on it. I loved the central location of the hotel but i hated that it had no casino. Looking forward to staying here again.
1	My friends and I decided to stay at Vdara instead of staying at 1 of the other hotels the group we came to vegas with because we wanted something a little more fancy. Then, on the way to vegas we decided to upgrade the room to a suite for more room...  When we finally got there after the 6 hr drive from LA (traffic) we checked into our room that was only on the 7th floor with a shitty view.  We walked into the bedroom and the bed wasn't even made, like someone had just been in it.  My friend called and complained and 1 of the employees came and brought us new keys for the 45 floor.  We thanked him and started to get our stuff together, then phone rang and it was the guy who just gave us the keys telling us that the new room is a smaller then our original 1, but they would transfer us to another larger suite the next day around noon.  The next day we called in the morning and they said they wouldn't have anything available until 3pm, so we went shopping and came back about 6pm to find that our keys didn't work to the room.  We went to the front desk and talked to someone who gave us new keys to our room, but said we needed to talk to the check in staff to change our room, we asked to speak to a manager who took forever to come and talk to us.  She then told us that there was no executive suite available and that she could put us in a Vdara suite (smaller) and only charge us for the deluxe, but we would still have to wait a couple hrs... I am now waiting for this chick to call us about this change...  Also, we just looked in the refrigerator and there is someones food is still there.  This hotel is ridiculous, I cant believe we had so many issues...  To be fair, the front desk comped us $100 credit that we used on food and is only charging us for a basic room instead of the suite, which made us feel better about the situation, but wow, they really need to get their shit together. Definitely wont be staying at this hotel next time i'm in vegas!
5	I absolutely LOVED everything about Vdara during my stay in Vegas this past weekend!  Vdara belongs to the "new breed" of hotels that have sprung up in Vegas in the last few years, so on the outside, it looks similar to Aria, The Cosmopolitan, Wynn, and Encore.  Nothing really exceptional about the exterior architecture, as it resembles that of a regular corporate building, only much larger, grander, and fancier.Okay, so what were the things that made my stay at the hotel so spectacular?1) THE LOBBY: IT SMELLED SO DAMN GOOD all day, errday!! No joke.  The moment you step foot into the air-conditioned flower garden that is their lobby, your olfactory system will undoubtedly be greeted by a pleasant wave of light, sweet floral notes. A wonderful smelling, smoke-free environment makes a hotel just THAT much better. I know my nose thanked me for it.2) Check-in & Check-out: SUPER SPEEDY. There was no line and checking in only took about 10 minutes tops. As for checking out...we didn't really have to! One of the hotel employees quickly asked us how our stay was, followed by a request for our e-mail address to send the receipt, and that was it! :)3) The Suite: Clean, fresh, modern, simple, and very contemporary.  Not to mention, we had a FABULOUS view to boot! :) The bed was super comfortable and had green accent pillows, bathroom was very spacious with a shower and a tub. The kitchen was sleek, and we also got complimentary water bottle.4) Services: Housekeeping was extremely fast and fulfilled our requests for more towels and blankets within an impressive 10 minutes.  I loved that we also got complimentary valet parking :) Overall, we had a very positive experience at Vdara, and the friendly, helpful staff played a great part in contributing to the good vibes.
4	We loved our Hotel. It is clean, quite, no smoking gambling areas or to much noise. The rooms have a kitchenettes which is very helpful and a small living room and two TVs which we loved :)The only thing was that it is quite far from restaurants and places to eat but you can always visit Bellagio and Arya :) Room service was great to :)
4	I actually give this hotel 4.5 stars. So it doesn't have a casino or restaurants, that's what Aria & Cosmopolitan are for. It truly feels like coming home. It is smoke free and clean. I love coming back to this hotel! From arrival to departure I had no issues whatsoever. Best to call valet (like is suggested) and they will have your car waiting for you by the time you get downstairs. Bellhop did take about 20 mins or more but it gave me time to relax and love the view from my room.Not a whole lot of staff around the place, so the staff that is there could be a bit more outgoing so they standout.It is just a laid back, clean hotel. Would stay here again and again!
4	The Vdara met all my expectations and even exceeded a few! I wanted to stay in a place without any smoking/gaming, so this seemed like a logical choice.  It was clean, modern, smelled great, had friendly staff, and good-sized room/bathroom.  We had a great view of the bellagio fountains & I loved that it was connected to the Bellagio when you did want to hit the casino.  It was conveniently across from Aria in city center which had a great restaurant & casino.  I only had two minor let downs.  The pool was pretty small for the size of the hotel and of course was packed because of that.  I wished it had more space so that even when I did find a chair I didn't feel like I was intimately involved with the person next to me.  Since I'm not much of a gambler, this was a let down when I wanted to spend some time at the pool during the day.  Secondly, on the first night there we called housekeeping for an extra set of sheets and they never showed.  When I called back to say I was too exhausted to wait any longer and could they just bring it tomorrow, they apologized and agreed, but I never got the sheets the second night, either.  However, the rest of my experience w/the staff was very positive so perhaps it was just an off wknd... would recommend this hotel to those who want to avoid smoke-filled lobbies and ventilation systems...
3	It was nice for a hotel on the strip without a casino. And the non-smoking was a plus. It took a long time to get things we ordered from room service. But it's got a great staff and everyone was super nice.
1	I really hate to write bad reviews but this one is much needed!! I would not want anyone to experience the bad service I had here!So, decided to go to Vegas for the weekend and stay here since I had heard much hype of this hotel. We started with the Deluxe suite which was reasonably priced but then we wanted to upgrade, they did not have the Vdara suite available but offered us an Executive Suite. Upon our entrance to the suite, we had found the bed unmade, looked exactly like someone just crawled out of bed. Since we were anxious to get out on the vegas strip, we called the front desk to ask for the bed to be made BUT as we started to really think about it.....was the room really clean??? Really made us not want to stay in that room. So we called for another room, since they had no more rooms available we were forced to downgrade our room, but we figured that was better than sleeping in a dirty room. We were promised the Executive Suite next day at noon but when next day noon cames along, the room was not ready for us. Not only was it not ready for us but they promised it at 3 so we went out and explored vegas for a bit, came back at around 6 only to find that our key to the room, WITH ALL our stuff in there to not work. We went to the front desk for them to only give us another key for the SAME room because the room we had been waiting for all day still was NOT cleaned because they cleaning staff was backed up. We came back into our original room which was at least clean but found that they had left a cleaning spray bottle in our room labeled "water" I really hope that's not all they clean with!! We also still found food in the refrigerator from past guests, not sure how long ago because the room seemed to have been cleaned twice from my stay but the fridge did not seem to have been cleaned during my time! So beware if you are staying there and want to store food in the fridge. We actually did not get our room until 9pm which was a complete disappointment but still trying to be optimistic, we were excited to check it out and still enjoy our Vegas trip! But WOW, when we got to the new room, there was a hole in the wall which we called the front desk to notify them (just in case they thought it was us and charged us) but they were already aware of it! Not only that but one of the sinks in the bathroom was leaking!!! Good thing there were two sinks in that restroom. Everything just seemed to have gone worse and worse for Vdara. We were checking out the next day anyway so did not really get a chance to enjoy the room due to all of the waiting. I am EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED on my experience with Vdara. They compensated us $100 to use at Vdara so we used it for room service. The first night after coming back from Surrender at Encore, we decided to order food, their late night menu did not have very many choices so we just went with Quesadillas and fried rice. How could you go wrong with that? YUP! They went very wrong!! The Quesadillas were made with cheap cheese, but the fried rice is what disappointed me the most. I could barely chew the rice because it practically was not cooked! Not sure what kind of style they were trying to go for but the food is definitely not worth a try! To use up the rest of the hundred, we ordered room service the next day as well to try the day menu. There were a lot more choices, the wings and steak we ordered were okay. Definitely not worth the price....$40 steak. WOW. DO NOT try the food!! You are better off anywhere else but here. Like I said before, I expected much more from Vdara. Especially if they are trying to be a "5 star hotel." Its not worth the grief to stay there. I feel like Vdara took a lot of time away from my Vegas trip. I would never recommend this hotel to anyone, this hotel is as wrong as it gets! Their cleaning crew seems to be having very many problems, they really just need to get their act together for the better of the hotel. Front desk clerks, even management needs to be changed. They honestly do not even deserve one star!
5	one of the new hotels in city center, amongst ARIA, MANDARIN ORIENTAL, and the COSMOPOLITAN.Vdara was the only one amongst the four that was within my budget and its a 5 star hotel so I was really excited for my stay here.No casino in the Vdara, which may have mixed reviews for Vegas travelers, but to me it was a perk!  I hate the cigarette smell that lingers in casinos.Very modern room.  They have 50+ floors, we were on the 34th floor.  The entire span of the wall facing outside was 3 windows.  THE VIEW WAS AMAZING!! and even better at night!!!Pool was not huge but it was intimate!Will definitely return here.
5	I stayed at Vdara this past weekend with my girlfriends and had such a positive experience.  The hotel lobby was quiet, clean, smoke free, and smelled great at all hours (this is hard to come by in Vegas...)  The suite itself was beautiful, modern and chic.  I loved how the room was set up- it felt really inviting and cozy.  The hotel staff was helpful and accommodated all of our requests.  The pool and lounge area was a nice and relaxing retreat from all of the crazy pool parties on the strip.  I always felt really good coming back to this hotel after a long day/night of partying.  The rates for the suites here are fairly reasonable, compared to other 5 star hotels on the strip.  I recommend checking this place out!
5	Simply put the most impressive, quiet and understated, classy hotel in vegas today. After a night in sin city and a day at a pool party, there's nothing like coming home to dark hardwood floors, gorgeous city views, your own kitchen, and the fluffiest king size bed ever.Luxurious without being over the top or costing your entire paycheck. AND free wifi. that's the stuff.
2	Desk handle's falling off, door handle's loose(gr8 security), the room phone doesn't work, there's no coffee in a suite with a kitchen, the pool/jacuzzi is closed at 4pm, and THE ONE real restaurant, Silk Road, is closing tomorrow!..NEED I SAY MORE?A few days later...at McCarren waiting for flight out...Yes, it was a good deal...loved the non smoking, but since basically there wasn't a real restaurant, that long walk in the cold and sometimes rain(which should be covered) got us to/from the Aria, or anywhere(except the Bellagio) we wanted to go.  The other annoyance was that the pool/jacuzzi closed at 4pm...at least the jac should have stayed open later regardless of the time of the year.  The hotel should put a small non smoking casino in the space where Silk road restaurant is vacating.  But the City Center is a great location.  I think next time we'll look closer at the Aria or the Mandarin Oriental(probably more $$$), or elsewhere.  SW gave us a nice package with flights.
3	The Pros:Beautiful ExteriorEz ValetIts in the City CenterSmoke FreeGreat bath tubThe Cons:This is advertised as a 5 star hotel. THIS IS NOT A 5 STAR HOTELSmall RoomsNo A/C in elevatorsChincy entrrance for a 5 star jointIts the cheapest 5 star on the strip bring a douschebag clienteleHousekeeping not present
3	3.5Vdara is, as advertised, a hotel and spa, meaning no slot machines or tables anywhere in the vicinity.  When I arrived, I found out that there were booking issues with the room (as it was on the same weekend as EDC), and that the suite I reserved was no longer available.  Thus, I was downgraded into the standard suite, but given $50 worth of credit to be spent at Vdara or Aria for every day that I was there.  This pretty much paid for all of my food and beer expenses, so that was nice of them.The suites are decently sized and feature the modern decor that you would expect of a Citycenter hotel.  They include your own personal kitchen, two televisions (one facing the couch, while the other faces the bedroom) and an extremely comfortable bed.  While the kitchen does come with a fridge, it is pretty small, so don't count on being able to store much inside.  Each suite comes with a fold out couch, but I highly advise not sleeping on them, as they're somewhat uncomfortable and don't come with pillows.The facility itself is pretty cool, with a lot of places to sit and chat throughout the lobby.  I came to notice that the pool sits directly on top of Vdara's entrance, but unfortunately is very small compared to others that you can find around the strip.  That was very disappointing to me, considering that I went in the heat of Summer and was hoping for a large pool area.It should be noted that valet service is free for hotel guests, so don't spend too much time looking around for parking once you're there.  The valets are also very helpful if you're looking for something specific in Vegas.  Though free valet service is cool, just keep in mind that it can be a pain to leave, especially on Sundays around noon when a lot of other guests are also on their way out.Overall, Vdara is a pretty nice hotel to stay at if you're looking for a relaxing weekend in Vegas.  This isn't to say, however, that you should not stay here if you're hoping for a booze-filled party fest that most young folks go to Sin City for, though there are better places to stay for that.
4	While in Vegas for The Cosmopolitan's opening week, we decided to stay a couple nights at the Vdara to size up the competition. Personally, I loved the rooms here more than The Cosmopolitan's (TC) Terrace Suite.Room: Though everything else at TC was stunning, the room design was inconsistent and seemed confused about what it wanted to be. At Vdara, it didn't try to be anything more than gloriously contemporary, modern and chic with clean lines, great lighting and technology-galore.Pluses: Everything works on a master remote control from the multiple window screens that change how much light you want in your room to the flat screens (2!). All the accent lighting are on dimmers for a more romantic feel. The room maximize every square inch space, so even though it's half the size of the TC suite, the Vdara room felt just as spacious. The bathroom was massive with a frameless glass shower, soaking tub and dual sinks. Views were on par with the view from the TC. Minuses: Unlike TC, aside from the rooms, Vdara doesn't really have anything else going on. It was pretty dead--save for one sad little bar by the entrance. We even saw someone napping on the floor of the lobby with their luggage. After a week in Vegas, the consensus was pretty unanimous for the Vdara room--and The Cosmopolitan's amenities.
4	I stayed here for one night after Pricelining a room for $80.  Seemed like a smoking deal, but after taxes and fees from Piceline - it came to $94.  Then the hotel tacks on a resort fee - of course.  All of this is to be expected, just a friendly 'buyer beware.'Pros: - Located close to Aria and Cosmo (shows, food, gambling, etc.)- Great rooms with kitchenettes (think of Vdara as the Residence Inn of City Center)-Well decoratedCons:-Not the best value in the star range if you don't need the kitchenette.  I'd reccommend 'THE HOTEL' or one of the Towers (Planet Holleywood Towers, Hard Rock Towers, etc.)-See below...When I checked in I was given a handicap room without being told it was one (which I didn't appreciate).  My room featured a huge stain in the middle of the carpet and a shower door that allowed water to leak out even when shut completely.  I reported the shower issue, they sent engineering up, but the problem remained.So when checking out I very calmly (really) showed the manager a video of the water streaming out under the shower door and expressed my interest in making sure no one else had to deal with this.  She was mildly apologetic and offered to waive the daily resort fee.  I negotiated a $50 credit at the cafe and called it a day.So in my opinion, not the best customer service (at least for escalations or issues).  I am pretty easy and travel a lot.  So every once and awhile I get to deal with issues.  The manager on duty got a C- in my book.  I was so polite, friendly, fact-based, etc. - and got offered a free resort credit.  Kind of disappointed!
3	Doesn't have a casino...Does have free valet.Cheap room rates - 811 sqft suite for weekend rate of $200/night which has a full fridge, 1.5 baths, free internet access.It is just off the strip and walking distance to Cosmo, Aria and Planet Hollywood.
3	My friend got this hotel from priceline for $150 I believe a night.  We paid for an upgrade to a junior suite for about $50 a night.  The good: The hotel itself is nice, laid back and not the hustle and bustle of the lobby of other hotels - primary reason being there is no casino.  Its really a mix of people who stay at this hotel from what I saw.  Connected to the Bellagio which is nice and a 2 minute walk to the Aria. The pool is actually decent!  The day before we did Ditch Fridays at the MGM so the Vdara pool was a nice change of pace.  Low key, decent amount of people, and was able to locate 3 lounge chairs easily.  Tons of sun in the pool area.  The room was nice, new and clean.  We had a kitchen, washer/dryer, 2 bathrooms.The Bad: Service and room - we had to call housekeeping and the front desk 5 times in our 2 night stay.  We lit the button for a room changeover, which was never done so we had to call down for more towels.  The AC in our front room wasnt working so we had to call for that.  We asked for 3 bowls and cups and instead we got 3 bowls and 3 plates.  When we tried to use the dryer, it didnt work.Not a bad place to stay for the price but some hiccups along the way.  I'd probably stay here again if I was going with a gf.
3	The Vdara gives the illusion of being an upscale 5 star hotel with its modern exterior and super chic rooms with stunning views of the strip...but when it comes to customer service, it's comparable to a 3 star hotel or dare I say, even 2 star.For a last minute trip, my friends and I got a special one night deal for $180 at a Vdara corner suite so we were stoked. Since the hotel is the sister to Aria resort, we had high expectations but they were faltered as the minutes passed, realizing that despite the stellar view of the strip and Vegas mountains, inside the room was: 1. A dirty kitchen - utensils were not properly washed and un-emptied trash from previous guests2. S L O W service - the Vdara seems to be lacking staff since it took about an hour to bring up our suitcases from the bellhop and another 30 minutes to bring up extra towels.The upgrade didn't come as a surprise to us later on when we learned that not many people check into this hotel. Shocker. Other than that, I do have to say that the staff is super friendly, though there aren't many of them. Hopefully in a year the Vdara can redeem themselves since it has a great location (right next to Haze and Marquee!) and the potential to be a great hotel.
4	The hotel is beautiful and the service is very good. The room itself is well equipped. We have a microwave, stove and frig. Our room also has a great view of Vegas.
5	This hotel may not have a casino but it's walking distance to Aria and you can gamble etc. there. Vdara is all suites which are very clean and decorated in contemporary fashion. The staff also provides excellent service. Our bell boy even gave us a tour of the room and all its functions when he came to deliver our luggage. The rates were not bad as well. I will definitely consider re-booking at this hotel when coming back to Vegas.
5	Amazing!Like other reviewers, the first thing that I noticed walking into Vdara was the smell. Clean, crisp and very spa-like. The hotel is modern, sleek & very anti Vegas like in it's minimalist approach.  Trust me.  We go to Vegas to get as disgusting as everyone else. But it's absolutely wonderful to wake up at the crack of 2pm, slank down to the pool through dimly lit hallways & appreciate not hearing the clanking of machines, stale smoke clouds & angry broke gamblers.  Everyone that we dealt with was very nice, helpful & friendly. The bells & valets were the best, housekeeping beyond great. Vdara stocks Aveda bath products, the first day I requested extra salts & for the rest of our stay, we had Aveda stocked shelves. Little things really do make such a difference.  Our suite had a great view, the bed really was as heavenly as others have described.  Comfortable room, princess tub (glorious!!), dining area with fridge, microwave/convection oven & anything your missing a phone call away. Loved everything about this hotel. It was nice having the walkway to the Bellagio, the tram that shoots you around the area and of course, it's a few steps to Aria & city center.  The best of Vegas, all close by--and yet a world away.
4	Really good hotel. Its part of the new City Centre part of the hotel and near the Crystals shopping centre and other hotels such as the Aria.This hotel doesnt have a casino and is all non-smoking. If you want the gambling there is always the hotels nearby. Bellagio is just next door and Aria is "across the road".The view we had was great. Our hotel room was looking South. It would have been nice to be on the North side as that side was towards the Bellagio fountain. My parents were in a room facing North but not as high. Perfect view would have been facing North but very high up.We stayed in the "basic" suite - if you can call it basic. All very nice. Big bathroom with one of those sunken bathes and a big shower.Since it doesnt have a casino its quieter than other hotels so if you want something really lively then this is not for you. For that reason, the swimming pool area was not particular busy. There were no big "pool parties" and loads of people swimming, sunbathing, etc. Like I said, if you want a busier, lively (more "Vegas") hotel, then your best staying somewhere else.
2	1.5 Stars! GoodNice bed and pillows.  View was nice---facing BellagioRoom was clean on day 1Customer service...mixed... so/so at best.Non smoking or gambling hotel.Bad1st... we were there to enjoy Las Vegas... and we did...so... not really hung up on the room but there were issues. Left room on day 2 @ 0700 requested the room be cleaned... back to the room at 1530 and no maid service... not cool. Broken phoneFridge didn't coolShower pressure was almost like pouring out a bottle of water.. if that much pressure. Really low... made getting a shower a PITA! Overpowering potpourri smell in the entire hotel.Iron was chained to the ironing board... 1st time I had seen this...even in low budget hotels I've never seen it.  Maybe there is an iron thief in the building? Noise from the room above... Electrical outlets did not work (3x)Conclusion.... We will not stay at the Vdara  again...  it's touted as a upscale hotel but it's smoke and mirrors... it's a 3 star place. If you are looking to stay at in a nice suite... smoke free and casino free...  spend the same money and go to the MGM Signature.  Much nicer suites, great staff... just a nicer place to stay.
3	I visited Vdara in April for my Birthday.  It is a very nice hotel.  I took a cab from the Airport which was great because, you need a map just to find the Vdara front desk.  I had a Panarama suite which was beautiful I had a 260 degree view of Las Vegas but, to be honest, there was not really that much to see as you are a ways off the strip.  There was only one small restaurant in Vdara which is a drawback.  The only other options were to go to Aria or one of the other hotels.  Even though Aria is next door, it was a long walk and tram ride just to get there.  I found it odd that when I checked in, because I had prepaid the room and was using my Check Card, I could not charge to the room unless I left a $400 deposit.  So, I left the $400 deposit as I didn't want to pull my card out when ever I need to make a purchase.  The pool was nice and a cabana was only $125.
4	I love this hotel! It's a little walk from the strip, but it's right next to the Cosmopolitan so if you're planning on going to Marquee for their dayclub/nightclub, it's extremely convenient. We stayed in the City Corner Suite, which was absolutely amazing, through Expedia for around $220/night. What a deal! Our room even had a kitchen, a bit useless in Vegas since we wouldn't have cooked anything anyways, but it was a nice option to have.The room had 1 king bed and a pull out queen sofa. I liked how the suite was actually sectioned off; bathroom, living room, kitchen, and bedroom. We squeezed 6 girls into this suite and it wasn't bad at all. If the rates stay at this price I will be coming back here for sure next time I visit Sin City.
4	I like that its quiet and secluded from the strip, but also steps away from the Bellagio and the Aria. My only complaints is that the rooms are falling apart quick, making it look kind of shitty and the AC sucks. Dropping number 2's sucks if you are there with another person, bathroom echos and privacy is non existent. and their hallways  and elevators are kind of warm, but the lobby smells nice. You might be wondering then why the 4 star, it is still very comfortable and nicer than a lot of other hotels.Avoid their Cafe, food sucks and is over priced.
4	My boyfriend and I stayed at Vdara for two nights. We had an incredible view looking out of our window from the 48th floor. The bed felt like you are sleeping on a cloud. The room was very clean and spacious.  Great location!
4	Stayed here for three nights for our trip. Shout out to Bank of America for putting a hold on my debit card for unusual activity and making my check-in last half an hour. I really needed that after an eight hour drive. If you use a debit card, they take a $300 deposit (understandable) that you obviously get back upon check out.Vdara is awesome. The rooms are huge with great views and dual HD TVs. The pool is nice too. It closes by 7 PM but by that time everyone's getting ready to start their night. You can never start too early. Probably my only complaint was the lack of restaurants. There's a small bar and a cafe on the lobby floor, that's it. The cafe didn't really look appealing, so most of the time we went to Aria or somewhere on the strip.The staff was friendly and our room was clean every time we came back to it. The guy at the front desk gave us passes for Haze too, props for that. Thanks for an unforgettable Vegas stay, Vdara. No doubt we'll be back!
4	Oww it was a long check in on Sunday. They really should have staffed accordingly. Oh and there is no separate line for check out either. Their pool was the shape of a half moon and by Hotel standards it was too small. The spa pool was pretty big for a spa pool( almost as big as the actually pool). There were two or three other pools that looked like lap pools but were considered private. I'm sure at the right price you could get your own lap pool. Some negatives there was mandatory valet unless you want to walk thru Aria. Also the valet was always too busy to pull our car and we always had to wait downstairs for them which I believe is another staffing issue. The only cafe in the hotel closes at 8pm and I found hair in the bath tub (Kind of gross, but I don't take baths in hotels, so it didn't bother me too much). This could be considered a minus point but not for us, there was no casino and this meant it was a smoke free property. ( Yeah for my Lungs!) The robes and slippers are complimentary but you have to ask for them and be prepared to wait 30 minutes. The room is very spacious and it is a king bed with a living room area and a dining room area. Plus you had two closets. The beds and pillows are very comfortable! I thought the shades provided enough coverage, the room wasn't pitch black but it's dark enough. They provided a fridge but you can only use one side the other side is full of stuff you have to pay for. There is a mini kitchen (with sinks, garbage disposal, microwave, and stove with 2 burners). Oh and we were on the 34th floor and the view was awesome (even with a view of the back of the strip and in-n-out). You can really tell this property was never meant for a hotel but I think they did their best adjusting it. I think at the right price I wouldn't mind buying one of these rooms. ;-)
3	I went and stayed at Vdara to do some photoshoots for the weekend. First off i walked into the place and service seemed to be good, got my key went up to the room and i had the executive suite which was very nice.views around the whole place. The room was a 1 bedroom. It had a kitchen,washer/dryer, 1 full bath with an amazing tub and separate shower and a half bath. The room was great, the only thing that freaked me out was seeing 2 roaches when i woke up the next morning by the kitchen, how the hell do they get up to the 26th floor. I told the front desk ad they waived my resort fees for me. Phone signals are a little shady in there also. Vdara had a bar downstairs that made a drink called a BLACK DRAGON.. it was AMAZINGGGGGGGGGG. It was basically a raspberry mojito, so good, but very pricey i think the martini was $15, it is worth it.  It was nice having the mini store/cafe downstairs. We walked over to the Cosmopolitan Hotel for dinner which is right next to it, now that is an amazing hotel.  Overall my experience was pleasant.
3	Um hello... It's Vegas. Why don't you have a Casino?
4	I stayed in the basic Deluxe room for a weekend with my girlfriends. Honestly, I was completely satisfied with my stay.I booked the room through Expedia and when I checked-in Vdara it was a  breeze. There is no self-parking, so valet is mandatory if you drove. Checking-in took less than 5 minutes and our luggage was delivered to our room in about 10 minutes. I appreciated how efficient Vdara was. For the most basic room, it was VERY spacious. As you enter the door, you first enter the full kitchen then as you walk past the kitchen there is a living room with a couch that pulls out into a queen bed. Finally, the king bed is on the other side of the living room next to the bathroom.  I really liked the location of Vdara because it is in the center of the strip right next to Cosmopolitan and Bellagio. I wouldn't mind staying here again. I feel like I got more for my money than if I stayed at a different hotel.
4	Stayed here over the past weekend at the one bedroom penthouse suite (upgraded for free from the panoramic suite). The room was nice. Two separate bedrooms with master bed. Full kitchen and helpful hotel services and in room services. Stayed on the 56th floor with a great view of the bellagio water show. Good thing i have a friend that works here woo hoo.
5	Great place to stay if you're not looking for that casino hotel vibe.  This hotel is totally a lil getaway from the casino feel that you get and super relaxing.  It's a non-smoking property so all you smokers take it outside and good luck finding a lighter/matches.  Their suite was awesome with automatic sliding black out covers for the windows, flat screen, a to die for bathroom and plenty of room for you and significant other, or at least 4 people.  And since you're staying at City Center, you can access the pool and other amenities at Vdara and Aria.  Not bad.
3	Pros: - The rooms were very nice and luxurious. The bed were comfy and the showers were hot.- We got a room with the strip and bellagio fountain view for free. (Call in a day advance and ask for it, they will leave a note so when you check in, the front desk will see that note when they assign your room.)- The house cleaning service was very prompt and detailed. Left the room around 11 for the pool, came back in an hour or 2 and the room was cleaned. - AC was super cold- Bellboy brought our stuff up in 5 minutes.- 2-3 minute walk to Aria, Cosmo, City Center, and Bellagio, Monte Carlo- 10 minute walk to Caesers, Harrahs, Venetian, Mirage- No casinos, Smoke-Free- The pool was nice and wasnt crowded on a weekend morning.Cons:- Fridge did not work at all, asked for it to be fixed, no one came. Luckily, we were next to the ice room.- $20 per day resort fee. - $100/night deposit with a Debit card or $130/night deposit with a credit card.- Both my room keys failed, took security 20 minutes to come up and open my door.- Bathroom door wont lockWould I stay here again? Maybe. If I can somehow get the resort fee waived, definately.
5	I loved it here the smell of a non-smoking hotel was refreshing. the concierge was great in helping us get all our tickets for the shows we watched even though he did recommend the cirque du soleil show ka which i thought the name should've been changed to caca. the valet was great we just called from our room ahead of time and the car was down there everytime waiting on us. getting our luggage to our room was the only time consuming drawback. rooms were clean and they even organized our bathroom toiletries according to his and hers. i will be coming back
5	everything as expected!! awsome hotel and room. for $97 on hotwire even better.
3	Would I stay here again?  Probably not.  The biggest problem being the low water pressure in the shower.  Vdara's explanation is that their hotel is "green and environmentally friendly".   I can commend them for being environmentally friendly, but it just doesn't fit my needs.That being said, the customer service here is great, everyone there was very courteous and willing to assist you.  I ended up wanting to switch hotels due to the water pressure issue, and they were very cooperative and understanding.  I wanted to switch to one of Vdara's sister hotels, and they were very accommodating.   My reservation was through priceline's name your bid and priceline told me they won't be able to make changes to my reservation.  Chinnaha at the front desk went the extra mile and called priceline directly for me.  She was able to get my entire reservation refunded with priceline. I had their standard room.  The room itself was extremely nice, it had a small refrigerator, dining table for two, and electric stove-top.  I was even able to hookup my laptop (using HDMI) to the LCD TV.By the way, Vdara is a valet-ONLY hotel (i think you can self park in Aria's self-parking if you want).
4	stayed here for an event going on and loved it! you walk into the lobby and the hotel smells soo good..not being a fan of cigarette smoke or gambling, this non-gaming non-smoking hotel was the perfect choice for me..the suite was spacious (and had a view of the bellagio water show), king size bed and pillows were comfy, and the amenities were nice (aveda!).. they even have a kitchenette, fridge, dining table and living room (so you have two tv's) with a pull out sofa..oh, i loved that you only had to hold up the room key for the door to open.. great for those people that party hardy and cant stick the key in the hole at any other place..yes, they only have one bar and a cafe but who cares.. you're only steps away from the rest of city center to grab a bite in a restaurant or for a night out, if you're too lazy to go out further on the strip..i didn't get a chance to check out the pool so i'll have to do that on my next stay..
4	I would definitely stay here again.  No casino, nice rooms, comfy bed.  They have a cafe that stocks fruit and has lots of nice snacks that you can't find in the casinos. What's not to like?  Well, I'll tell you.  The Vdara seems to have a policy of only hiring the terminally-befuddled.  Every single transaction involved the person behind the counter staring at their computer as though it was the monolith from "2001; A Space Odyssey."   I'm not 100% sure how I ever wound up in a room, with a meal or even a beverage, but somehow they worked out how to complete the task and we got there in the end.For the patient-deficient, this can become a test of character.  But stay strong, for the good does outweigh the bad.  It smells nice for one thing, which isn't something you can say about most places. The gym was nice.  After a workout, one might be tempted to order a smoothie.  I succumbed and, again, the blender-contraption proved problematic for the smoothie technician and what should have taken a short amount of time became an epic challenge of mind over matter.Check in; painfully slow.  Cafe; ordering eggs (their computer register confounds every employee), to waiting an inordinately long time for eggs...  DON'T order anything there if you need to be somewhere in the next, oh, two hours or so.  DO order there if you like watching the person behind the counter mystically rise to the challenge of taking your money.  Once in the comfort and quiet of my room, everything worked well, I had no problems with water pressure and the view was nice. I enjoy complaining and people seem to enjoy my little rants, so I think everybody wins here.
4	Stayed here last week for my bachelor party. Being that it was one of the hotels that shared space in City Center, my only preconception I had of this place is that it was gonna be nice...and it was. This resort is smaller than a lot of the other heavy hitters on the strip, (i.e. Bellagio, Venetian, Wynn, and Encore) but the stay here was just as pleasant and luxurious. First important thing to know about this hotel is that it doesn't have a casino and has a strict no smoking policy. Fine by me...when I come stumbling into my hotel completely hammered drunk at 5am, the last thing I need to see and hear are flashing lights and sirens sounding off. Moreover, it is nice to return to a hotel that is well ventilated and not suffocating. I had a corner view suite on the 49th floor. It was a spacious 811 sq ft with an awesome panoramic view of the Bellagio fountains. It also had floor to ceiling windows with electronic blinds. Other cool room amenities included 2 large flat screen tvs, a coffee maker, and iPhone/iPod ready entertainment center. Although for this it was not an iPod dock like they provide at other hotels. Instead, you have to go down to the front desk and check out an audio component cable to connect your iPhone to the entertainment system. And the hotel will charge you a fee of $10 if you happen to lose or damage it. The pool was very nice and tasteful and not littered with annoying douchebag type people that you might frequent at the more popular adult pool parties such as WET, Rehab, or TAO beach. It to me had a nice "couples" type of ambiance to it, where you could bring your partner and not have to worry about her being hit on every 5 seconds. All in all, my stay here was quite enjoyable and pleasant. And for the price I paid, you would be hard pressed to find a better deal. I will most definitely consider Vdara again for my accommodations when I visit Vegas again in the future.
1	HIGHLY NOT RECOMMENDED. please take some time to read over my review.I flew in first to Vegas before the rest of my group and was given the option of pre-checking in to our rooms. The time was 1:30PM. Since I understand that check-in time is not until 3PM, I was willing to wait until then. the receptionist pre-checked me in, asked for a credit card for the Resort Fee/Security Hold, and made me sign the forms. With booking the room, we had requested that the two rooms we booked would be next to each other. The receptionist saw this note and confirmed the request with me. She told me the suite was ready but the other room next to it was not. I told her I didn't mind waiting since I was "early" anyways and it wasn't 3PM yet so we'd rather wait and have the rooms next to each other. She gave me a number and said to check back around 2:30-3PM to see if the room was ready, but she assured me that with pre-checking in, the room should be ready by then because the staff knows I'm already here. She kindly gave me a key to go to the pool to lounge and wait in the meantime, which was great.Come 3PM, when my entire group arrived, we all checked in with the receptionist and they said another hr before the rooms were ready. We waited and waited in the lobby. Apparently, the suite now was still noted as "dirty" on the system. We waited and waited...it was 5PM...we asked to be let up into the other room while we wait for the suite next door to be cleaned. So image 15 of us jammed into one room. before we were let into the room, the receptionist asked for a credit card for the credit card/resort fee. I informed her that I was here since 1PM and I had already given my card for the room and signed the forms. She said there was no credit card on file. So with that, my friend gave them a card and signed the exact form (this will be relevant later). we went up to one of the rooms and waited some more. it was almost 6:30-7PM when we saw house keeping. We asked when the room would be ready and to our surprise, she said it had been ready since 2PM. WE WERE FURIOUS. This my friend, is HORRIBLE communication between their staff.The customer service here was extremely poor. Any requests were not  acknowledged until MANY hours later. I can't imagine with just hospitality being their only service (no casino, etc.), they would be on top of it but they were not on many levels. Taxi service was horrible. One taxi would come every 15-20minutes. When we checked out, we told them about our experience and with that, all they could say was sorry and "what do you want me to do about it." It is very sad, how little they care about customer satisfaction. At other hotels (specifically Wynn/Encore), they will give you some form of credit or compensation. Here, it's almost as if they don't even want you to come back. Take it or leave it pretty much.A week later, my card and my friend's card were both charged. Excuse me but doesn't this fucking hotel know how do anything right?? My card was "not on file" but somehow I received the charge. from the beginning to the very end, nothing but FAILURE on their part as a Hotel.Vdara HAS SO MUCH TO LEARN STILL. Extremely disappointed
3	Get the executive corner suite, it's away from everything.I love the enclosed kitchen and extra guest bathroom.I guess the front desk girls didn't really like me, too bad, I'm more beautiful than them and I'm a paying bitch guest!!hahaThe services from these front desk team can be improved!!I felt most of them were real proud idiots!!
3	We checked in on Wednesday for a two night stay.  The front desk refused to I've us an upgrade even though the hotel is half empty.  We ended up paying $30 more to be upgraded to a corner suite.  The room is very contemporary, the bed is really comfortable.  The soak tub was really nice, there was a nice view of the strip as you soaked in the tub.  Overall the room was very comfy.  What I did not like was the pool, the glare from Aria and Vdara itself was blinding.  I could hardly open my eyes while I was there.  I had to leave after a few minutes because my eyes were starting to hurt.  The pool was really small, could no way accommodate all the guests of the hotel.  The staff were okay, not the friendliest, they just did their job, did not really go the extra mile to make you feel welcome.  Will I go back? Maybe if I no other choice.
3	This hotel smells so good when you enter! The bed is super heavenly!The fridge came in handy to storing left overs and alcohol.Its so fancy how they ONLY have valet.Their pool is on the third floor where it catches the most amazing breeze on an 80 degree day!Did I mention that every room has a doorbell? AND they have lighted signs you can activate to show whether you don't want to be disturbed or if you do need your room cleaned.Although I was very SAD when I learned one of my chanel flats were missing.... But who the heck just takes ONE shoe?!Sooooo only 3 stars Vdara.It was lovely and smelled good but why steal my shoe?
4	We got a pretty good deal to stay in a 800 sq feet room, so we went for it   We wanted something nice for our anniversary, so we were willing to spend a tad more money... The room was really nice... it was clean, the shades were all automatic.. we had a 270 degree view of the outside... We didn't want to valet so we parked at Aria and walked over... they also have a tram that stops in Aria/Monte Carlo, Aria/Crystals, and Bellagio/Vdara.... I thought that was cool.. There is no smoking in the room, and there is no gambling either.. Upon entering there is a very strong perfume smell... Our fridge had a ice maker so we didn't need to go out to get ice.. which I thought was really great... We had 2 sinks, and the bathtub was big enough for 2 people to fit..Now for the bad.. our room wasn't cleaned... no one came until around 4 pm to ask.  We left around 9 am and didn't return until 3:30 and everything was still messy... I was a little disappointed that housekeeping didn't come earlier..  I'd expect it too by cleaned for the price we paid.  Overall, I don't know if we'd return.
5	Again.. I love this place.  Originally, we booked the hotel for Thursday night, check-out Friday morning.  We arrived on Friday at 1am, assuming we were just going to sleep until 11am and then check out.  Surprising, they said my check-out was Saturday morning.  We thought it was too good to be true, so i made sure there weren't any extra changes or anything.  To make the story short, they pretty much gave us an extra night's stay :)  You really are my favorite hotel on the Strip!
4	I stayed here with 6 of my friends for 2 nights and we loveddd it! There's no casino downstairs so if you're really into gambling, then this place is NOT for you! But if you like modern, clean hotels with excellent service, then Vdara is perfect! We stayed in their deluxe suite and the guy at check-in was really nice and gave us a room with a view of the strip where we could see the Bellagio water show from our room! Awesome!Our room came with a living room, kitchen with microwave, stove, and fridge, bathroom, bedroom with a king size bed, and the sofa was a pull-out queen size bed. Also, complementary wifi and 2 free water bottles per day. They also have a fitness center that is free to use for hotel guests which is really great! I know the Palazzo has an amazing fitness center but even if you're a guest, you have to pay a LOT to use it.Vdara is right next to Cosmopolitan so it's perfect if you're looking to eat at Wicked Spoon Buffet or go to Marquee or Chandelier Lounge. However, Vdara itself doesn't really have any dining options. But overall, we all really enjoyed our stay here. It's a great place for groups because all the rooms are suite style! Think "Palazzo" but cheaper, smaller scale, less luxurious, and more modern.
3	Would I stay here again? No way. This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed at while in Las Vegas. For a little more a night, I would much rather stay at the Venetian (or if I had to stay in the City Center, Aria).This is the SLOWEST hotel on the planet. We checked in on a Tuesday and it took us over an hour to get checked in. No one seems to be doing anything helpful and the employees just didn't seem to know anything about the hotel.After finally getting checked in, we went up to our room and the bed was filthy (makeup all over the white sheets). We called the front-desk to get the sheets changed and NO ONE answers the phone at this hotel! I was on wait for over 30min until someone finally answered. After we talked, the front desk promised someone would be sent up to change the sheets---an hour later..nothing!The pool sucks. It's so tiny and not something you would expect from Vegas. And the deadly 'death ray' that comes off the hotel is not a lie. I could not lay out for more than 5 min without feeling like my skin was being burnt off.Cabs! Another nightmare. It's impossible to get a cab here. We waited for 20 minutes in this long line that was not moving, and eventually went over to Aria to get a cab. If the cabbies ever venture up to the City Center (they hate to), Vdara is their last stop b/c they all go to Aria first...such a jokeThere's nothing in this hotel. No casino, no restaurants, no pool-life. I do give it 3 stars because the rooms were nice and spacious, but that's about it. Don't waste your $$ here..the Cosmopolitan is wayyyy nicer with better restaurants and the Aria has a way better pool.
5	This was my second time there and I have to give it 5 stars. Here's why:I stayed here for two nights with friends and my husband on a Thursday and Friday night. We had two corner suites between the five of us.Pros:+ Our suite was huge!  It was large enough that two people couple easily live there because it's the same size as most regular one bedroom apartments.+ The views were amazing.  Amazing!+ Everything was clean.  The towels were fresh, the linens, felt perfect, and the kitchen and bathroom were spotless.+ The elevators are super quick.+ Checking in was a breeze.+ Valet is free (but tipping is always nice) and the bell hops brought up our bags within minutes of calling for them+ Blackout curtains-- sleeping in is not a problem+ Super quite-- an extra plus if you're there not to party or if you're sleeping in after partying+ Smoke free-- clean air and healthy lungs! :)+ The bartenders at the bar downstairs are such chill, super nice, and have some really good tips.+ A small shop to buy food and drinks downstairs+ No casino in this hotel [OMG where will you ever find somewhere to gamble at?! Oh wait, it's everywhere else...]+ Price: at least the weekend we were here, it was only about $30 more a night to stay here in a suite versus staying at much older and not as nice casinosCons: - Checkout was a mess because their system was down (so no checking out from the TV in the from); but my husband is a smart guy, so instead of waiting in the long line, he called from the lobby and checked out right away while we watched everyone else in line.- No casino in this hotel [OMG where am I going to gamble?! Oh wait, there are casinos everywhere else...]Side notes:+ I called housekeeping to request more toiletries from the hotel and they brought up about a two weeks supply for me.  Awesome.+ Bellagio and Aria are all a three minute walk away!
4	If you are looking for a quiet, clean, and convenient hotel, Vdara is a hotel you should look into. My family and I stayed in this hotel in August 2011, and our experience was entirely pleasant.Location-wise, Vdara is located near the Cosmo and Aria and directly across from Planet Hollywood. Bellagio is only a 5 minute walk as well. The hotel does not have a casino, which I find rather pleasant since the smoke and crowd casinos tend to bring are off putting. The suite itself was amazing. Our suite was on the 52nd floor (out of 56, I believe) with the view of Bellagio's water show and the Cosmo. The curtains/shades were remote controlled and also had an option to black out the room just in case you're light sensitive. It was styled like an apartment with sliding doors dividing the living room and bedroom area. If you are like me, and water pressure is important to you for showers, take note...there were no issues with that :) The service overall was pretty good. The only cons of the whole trip was check in took quite a while maybe about half an hour, but that is to be expected as the majority of arrivals are around 3 PM. Secondly, we requested hangers and extra bedding. However, after waiting 30 minutes for it to arrive, we called house keeping once again and they stated we had never called, but they put in the request and it came 25 minutes later. I was bit annoyed, but I am willing to over look that. I recommend room service as well. We put in our order and the food arrived in a timely manner. They set up the dining table, and brought any additional things you might need to go with your meal. We ordered pasta, pizza, and chicken strips. Everything was delicious. My mother's pasta contained shrimp which she found extremely fresh and cooked perfectly. The pizza was okay, but the rest of my family really enjoyed it. My chicken strips did not fail to please my child-like appetite. So if you are starved from the long journey and have no energy to withstand a walk over to a buffet or restaurant, consider room service, you won't be let down. Overall, a stylish, clean, and convenient hotel to stay at.
3	Nice new hotel. I liked my room. They call it a suite. If you want to stay in a new, modern hotel at a decent price stay here. If you want action, casinos, shops, and restaurants find another hotel. Vdara is basically a no frills hotel. It's really nice, if you just need a place to sleep.The only food option is the sandwich shop. For all other options, you have to walk over to Aria or trek to Bellagio via the connecting bridge.If you check out after 11am, expect to pay half the nightly rate for that night. Make sure you get up early to check out.2 nights stay (fri/sat) was just under $500
4	I stayed at Vdara for 4 nights beginning on 8/25/11.  I've stayed at almost all of the other 4 & 5 star resorts in Vegas, and Vdara would be near the top of my list of places to stay again.  The front desk staff was very nice, especially Kendal, who went out of his way to make sure our large group was able to have close/ joining rooms.  I just wanted to mention his name so management knows that he was very nice and professional.Our group had serveral different room types.Standard room-25003: very nice and reasonably pricedStandard room w/ lake view- 25008: very nice size, and spectacular view of water show. (I just wish I could have figured out how to play the music from the water show on the TV in the room)Panoramic Suite-25001: great for 2 adults, but crowded for 3 adults. Decent views, but we couldn't see the Bellagio water show. Also gets a little hot when the sun comes up in the morning. 2 Bedroom Penthouse Suite- 54004: very very nice.  It's basically a very spacious/upscale 2 bedroom condo.  It has some of the best views of Vegas I've ever seen!  Sleeps 4 to 5 people comfortably, and has 2 full bathrooms!.  If you're going to have 4 people in your group, and you're getting 2 hotel rooms, spend the extra couple hundred a night and experience this room if you can! Overall Pros/Cons: Pros: -new, modern, clean, non-smoking.-3 minute walk to Bellagio and Aria, -great service, friendly staff-pretty laid back atmosphere, not a lot of action going on. -priced extremely reasonable.  (almost half the price of staying at Bellagio, and they are connected, so it's like staying in a new/modern wing of the Bellagio for half the cost!)Cons: -no casino (but with how close Aria & Bellagio are, this wasn't a con for me).-no restaurants except a lobby cafe with average food. (not a prob. though with how close my favorite restaurants at Bellagio and Aria).-pool was average, not huge like other resorts, but it wasn't too small.  -Sleeper sofa mattress was extremely uncomfortable to sleep on as a bed, but when folded up it was fine to sleep on as a regular couch. -We couldn't figure out how to use the media input for the ipod, so we couldn't play our own music.  I didn't ask for any assistance from the hotel, so maybe there was something I overlooked, but I'm pretty familiar with ipods/ect. Overall very nice place to stay, and I look forward to staying there again.
5	Loved my stay here!The front desk upgraded me to a room with a view of the Bellagio Fountains and it was definitely the best view I've ever had on the vegas strip. This hotel is absolutely perfect if you're planning on coming to vegas to relax and enjoy dinner and a show (aria is a 2 minute walk, bellagio is practically downstairs and a 1 minute bridge walk, the tram takes you all the way down to the monte carlo - where you can reach the new york new york and all the south strip action).The pool, for me, was the only drawback. It was average at best and didn't really seem to be that upscale or modern like the rest of the hotel feels. The pool was small, the decor wasn't great, and the location just seems kind of weird. The room itself was AMAZING! Magnificent views of the strip, 2 flat screen TV's, the most comfortable vegas bed i've ever slept in and pretty great turn down service! The staff was great! Very helpful, and quick with my requests... (I called down at least 5 times to get things from the concierge and they all came up fairly quick)If you want "VEGAS" this place isn't it.....No shops, restaurants, or a casino....But all those things are pretty close if you're willing to walk a few minutes. This is a great place to relax and enjoy the view!
4	I've been coming to Vegas for years, staying at the whole gamut of hotels from Best Westerns (uhhh scary) to this place, Vdara (a classy joint).The hotel doesn't boast the best restaurants or clubs, but it is known for its spa and low key vibe. Compared to all the other hotels, the air quality was not only smoke free, but actually fragrant! Yep, they were actually blowing in scented air- smelled like candy. Mmm candy...The room I stayed in boasted a magnificent view of the strip. It was wonderfully clean, beautifully decorated, and spacious. The moment I walked in, I was instantly at ease. With most of the hotels in Vegas you can't avoid 'casino' smell. You know, booze, smokes, and someone else's left over good times (ewww). This place, however, was clean. I'm pretty sensitive to casino air, so when I relaxed comfortably in my room hack free and sans bloodshot eyes, I was ecstatic.Vdara is the hotel to stay at when you want a relaxing weekend in Vegas, or in my case, you're there on business.
5	I absolutely love this Hotel!! This one has to be my favorite Vegas Hotel thus far. I must admit I haven't stayed at all of the 5 star hotels yet but when it comes to this one, you wont regret it.  Its one of the only hotels with out  a casino in it which to me, makes it even more pleasant. The people are nice and the rooms are immaculate. The view can be stunning depending on where your room is and when you get in that bed and hit the button to close the shades, you will feel like you're in heaven. Experience it for yourself!!
5	When it comes to hotel stays in Vegas, luxury big suite with nice views is the most important to us. we don't smoke and gamble, so we always try to stay at smoking and casino free hotels. We go to Vegas a few times a year to do weekend getaways or special occasions, nice dinners, drinks, shopping, parties, sexy times in our suite all day or all night. Vdara provided all the things I need! No complaints! One of the newest hotel & spa in Vegas, located in city center, sister hotel of Aria. The entire hotel is Euro style modern contemporary, I like it a lot, very short walking distance to Aria and Bellagio. Best part of this hotel is that it is smoking and casino FREE! I am very allergic and sensitive to cigarettes, I hate smoking, after a long walk in any casinos, I can smell smoke in my hair and skin, it makes me sick! But here at Vdara, I can totally relax, the air is sooo fresh, it actually smells like cookie! very sweet. :) They provide free Wi-Fi, it came very handy with our ipad 2 use there. My experience at Vdara was very pleasant and satisfied. the service was over the top! From valet, bell service, front desk to housekeeping, never once we got a below average service, everybody was very friendly and helpful, they answer all your questions pleasantly with big smiles, and did a little chat with us here and there. our luggage guy was a very pretty blonde girl, how interesting!. The lobby is not big, there is a market store located in the lobby. it is so convenient to get some drinks, snacks, food, wine, beer or whatever you need on you trip. And bar Vdara, they have nice specialty cocktails n light fare. We had an executive corner suite at 50th floor, its a bit of long walk from the elevator, but it was worth it, the suite was big, nearly 850 sf., full kitchen, living room with windows from entrance door all the way to bedroom door, imagine the amazing view we got! A dining table, an extra powder room, bedroom with comfy king bed, big closet with safe, and a huge bathroom with the entire view of city center, soaking bathtub is right next to the window, I took a bubble bath with an amazing view every night. :) Don't worry about the sun light hurting eyes, they have shades cover all the windows of the entire suite, there is a few control panels, you can control however you want your shades to cover, even make it blackout :) What I love the most about our suite is that it has so many floor to ceiling windows!  Almost the entire right side of the "walls" are actually windows, even the bathroom has windows and amazing views, just add Champagne, roses, chocolate and bubbles, a romantic intimate evening is all set! I really enjoyed our 4 nights stay at Vdara the past holiday weekend, and I especially want to thank housekeeping, I have a lot of things when I travel, they made everything clean and perfect in my suite, even put my shoes in order, that was very nice of them. :) In my opinion, the staffs provide good service to everybody, hubby travels so much, he always gives more tips, do that we get better service, he tipped $10 on housekeeping everyday, maybe that's why I had my things all organized the entire weekend, smart :) Vdara now is my favorite hotel stay in Vegas, will stay there again and again, will try other bigger suite next time, panoramic suite is a very nice choice. :) The rates are a little more expensive than some of the top hotels in Vegas, especially on holiday weekends, Saturday night on Labor day weekend was $400 for our executive corner suite, but the studio suite rates are much cheaper, sign up their email list, you get special offers from time to time. Ps. I love their bathroom so much! You don't see too many bathroom with views in Vegas. Beautiful tub with beautiful Vegas skyline and city center view, bubble bath with Champagne every night!
1	YIKES!Pros: ???Cons:- no self-parking....which would be okay, except the valet returned my car with my bumper hanging off the left side.  What's REALLY shady about it is that they just left my car parked in front of the hotel.  There was no valet attendant waiting by the car.......!!!  Called hotel security....waited a good 45 minutes for them to come.  It's been more than two weeks and still no response :(- OH and if you're going to check out at the normal time, it's going to take 30 min to 1 hour for the valet to bring your car...so be prepared to wait.- if you call  housekeeping for anything...you are most not likely going to receive it on your first try.  i called housekeeping 4 times in two days and never got what i needed.  - the kitchen is not stocked with any kind of utensils or plates so the kitchen is completely useless.  -  bathroom is right next (two feet) from the bed...so you can hear everything.  - the advertised black out curtains are not in fact black out.  - don't expect the front desk to help you with anything and expect a long wait for check-in and check-out.  DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE!!
4	I thought the hotel was very nice. I got a good rate through bidding on priceline. It was nice that the hotel was smoke free and there was no casino to walk through. I suggest asking for the full kitchen items since they are only available upon request. Otherwise you have to call the desk and request them and the wait can be up to half hour. Another thing to remember is that there will be a $20 resort fee added per day plus tax. Also room service is very expensive. I wrote more in my Vegas blog at letsjetset.com
4	the Vdara is nice. panoramic windows over looking the city looks so amazing when the sun is coming down. Bring your Top Ramen because they got a stove! The only problem i had with this hotel is that the water pressure sucked in the shower.
4	Amazing.First things first. Deluxe Suites do not come with robes, ladies CALL FOR HOUSE KEEPING AND THEY WILL BRING YOU A ROBE. The most amazing robe ever. I actually purchased one when i left! Second best thing: The HUGE oversized swings outside the lounge. Absolutely amazing to come home on a late night, and relax in this huge swing outside. I absolutely loved it. Pros: Amazing location. Even from our "Basic" room, we had an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains on the 33rd floor. Room service. SO fast, so efficient. Prices were typical for vegas. They come in and set your little table up for your, they are so professional. I loved it. ORDER THE 4 CHEESE PIZZA! YUMMY!The automatic Shades & Black Out curtains. SO FUN! I have read complaints about not completely blacking out, but it's pretty damn close. No complaints here.Room service was amazing everyday. They would tidy up my makeup/vanity things. tidy up the counters/tables. It was really nice to come home too! Big shower. Nice size tub.Ask front desk for an iPod cord and they will give you one to hook up to the TV to play your iPhone/Pod on! WORTH IT!Everything was so clean and modern. I love that! It is so nice to come home to a nonsmoking non-gaming hotel. ahhh it smells SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO GOOOOOOOOOOOOOD.Pool is nice - nothing too special. Very mellow though, and I like that. Lots of umbrellas, chairs, loungey type couch things. A 2 minute walk to Aria and Bellagio. 4 Minutes to Monte Carlo. Cons: Deathica....oh I mean JESSICA. We had a small issue with her at Check in. Saying I had requested a Top Floor With Bellagio view. NOT TRUE! but she was going to make us pay for the upgrade anyway! BS. After we got that taken care of, things were smooth sailing.Check in- FAST!Check out- got a later one, 12:00 pm, and it was equally as easy. No delays. No problems. I would like to give a shout out to Kendall - he was ABSOLUTELY amazing to work with! We will definitely be staying here again if I can talk my hubby into it! :)
4	Hotel quality and room was as advertised.  Modern decor, very clean and new.  We liked escaping from the cigarette smoke, hustle/bustle of the large casino hotels and strip area.  Pool area was perfect for a few hours of relaxation before going out at night.
4	I'm usually the kind that thinks you're an idiot if you stay at a non-gaming resort in Vegas. Vdara managed to change my mind. Unlike places like the Trump, Four Seasons, etc., Vdara is centrally located so that the walk to several tier one hotels is literally 30 seconds to 3 minutes away (Aria, Cosmo, Bellagio most notably). Add to that the convenience of having huge rooms at low prices through M Life promos and now a personally verified lack-of-death-ray (Google 'Vdara death ray' if you don't get the reference), and you have a solid place to stay in Vegas.-1 star for the fact that the toilet's water circ system made it sound as if the thing was speaking to us in tongues (verified by my friends). I'm a pretty tough/manly Marlboro-man-type-dude, but when you're coming back from a long night out at less-than-100% sobriety, stuff like that can draw out some muffled sobs of fear.
5	I stayed here with my best friend during our most recent Vegas trip and this hotel is by far one of my favorite so far. The hotel is behind Cosmopolitan and connected to the Bellagio by a tram. It takes roughly 3 minutes to walk from the lobby over to the Cosmo which wasn't bad at all. The lobby is clean, bright, and modern with a cute little cafe/marketplace downstairs for your convenience.The rooms are all equipped with a kitchenette. Pots and pans can be requested to use on the electric stove. A mini fridge is useful too to store water bottles and other groceries. There's a spacious area  for the pull-out sofa bed situated in front of the LCD television hanging on the wall. All the rooms are also king sized beds... I don't think there are any rooms with 2 double beds for 4+ guests. The curtains were automatic with a switch of a button! Loved the technoloy :)We stayed on the 25th floor with a gorgeous view of the Bellagio fountains from our room!! The pool area is small but still relaxing.  The best thing about this hotel is the fact that it's SMOKE-FREE. I'm sick and tired of leaving Vegas smelling of smoke! Even the clothes I don't wear and leave in the luggage for the weekend manages to smell of cigarettes. Also, without the casinos downstairs, I felt truly relaxed coming home at 4:00am from a long night of clubbing on the strip.I'm definitely staying here again.Con: No parking. Park at the Aria self-parking lot and walk over to the Vdara. Annoying beeping sound which resembled a microwave timer on every floor the elevator passed. T____T
5	Definitely 5 star serviceFrom the complimentary valet, check in, the whole course of the stay and check out the service was seamless. Everyone that served us were all so friendly and attentive. Especially the bell boy we had (extra tip for him!)We stayed in a corner suite and the room definitely felt like an apartment... soooooo comfortable and very modern especially the bed!! I wish we had the view of the Bellagio fountains as we had previously had, but we had a view of South Strip (you know.. luxor, mandalay) which was okay but they were really busy that weekend so, understandable. What was funny was that my bf was gonna do the sandwich trick upon check in, and had the $20 ready between his ID and card, but when the front desk girl told us that it was really busy and all the upgrades were booked that weekend, he quickly took back his 20 before handing over the cards.The robe they provide you with in the room is soooooo soft!! I wanted to take it home :[ I know you can buy it but its probably expensive and I'm low on the funds by the end of my trip.What was really a plus for us was that vdara is actually pretty reasonably priced for a 5 star and since its in the middle of city center and a short walk over the bridge to Bellagio, you pretty much have everything there. So what if theres no restaurants or casino inside, Aria's like a quick walk away. We were able to go to haze, marquee dayclub, liquid dayclub (at aria), bank, and tao beach (after we checked out). Best part no drunk driving or worrying about catching a taxi!! :] We walked everywhere, which I didn't mind.I love coming back here and I'm sure its not my last time staying here. Same with cosmo hahha
2	Overall, just too many things wrong to make me a repeat customer.Despite paying resort fees that included 2 complimentary bottles of water a day, my room was never cleaned and the bottles were never replaced. My stay was a week long, so they had many chances to get it right, but didn't.Be prepared to wait in long lines throughout your stay. The line to check in was huge, cab lines were huge, the line at the marketplace on the first floor was long enough to have me skipping breakfast most days. (And on the one day I did manage to wait out the line they were out of Advil... and I could have really used some Advil that morning).
4	I stayed here for just 1 night tacked on to a weekend family reunion at another hotel; I'm still trying to find a "go-to" Vegas hotel with nice rooms at reasonable rates and hopefully a good comps program attached.  For a 5-star hotel, Vdara was a mixed bag.  It is definitely a good price for such a high-quality hotel.  The front desk was cheerful and accomodating, and when I got to the rooms (which I think are all suites?) i was very impressed with the kitchenette/living room/bedroom layout.  The bathroom was clean and very spacious with a nice deep tub and separate shower.  Unfortunately the towels weren't stocked as well as I'd have liked, there was only 1 face towel.  Also, the previous reviews mentioning getting anything from housekeeping is true: I waited 20 minutes for a corkscrew before calling again and waiting another 15 after that; they blamed it on a malfunctioning elevator.  I also tried out the room service which was very professional and tasty to boot.  I went over to the Aria to gamble a little but was disappointed they don't even bother to track table game players wagering less than $25 a hand.  Guess I'm just spoiled by Reno; next time I'll ante up and see what I get for my paltry action, if anything.In a nutshell:  very nice rooms with great views.  The employees I met in person were all very nice and professional.  Housekeeping was a pain trying to get stuff from.  I liked the laid-back no-smoking no-gaming atmosphere, but with all of that in walking distance.
4	We got a great deal here for the Olympia 2011 weekend. Booked ourselves a nice 1 bedroom corner suite with the works! Meaning we had our own kitchen to cook all our clean meals for the entire 3.5 days we were staying. And you can just call housekeeping with the push of your hotel phone button and they bring you all your kitchenette needs right away (pots, pans, cutting board, knife, place settings, etc). And if you leave your dishes dirty through the night (not that I would ever do that, I love washing dishes!), the next morning, the housecleaning crew actually takes all the dirty ish outta the kitchen and you can call for a brand new set of stuff. Pretty insane! I absolutely LOVE the customer service here. It's definitely top notch. You get free valet service if you're staying there and their valet guys are always very QUICK. Most of the time our car would be parked out front for us.I also love the fact that it's a non-smoking hotel. Unless you really crave lung cancer, then walk your booty over to Aria (which is connected to Vdara) and suck in all that mcnasty casino air.The bed and pillows were soooo comfy, it was like sleeping on clouds each night. Our friend who slept on the pullout couch had no complaints and he slept like a baby even when we were gettin our freak ON in the bedroom. ;) I love the modern shower and tub too! Especially the shower...it's the perfect size for freaky mcnasty hotel fun too! :)The only prob I had here, which is slightly minor were the crazy entrances to drive up to the hotel. It's all so confusing since it's combined with Aria and the Crystals Shopping Center. Yikes! Asian drivers here could crash into those ramps quite easily.
5	I love love love this hotel! Me and a group of girls stayed here for a weekend we had reserved the city corner suite witch byw was AMAZING! On our first night there us being girls, we destroyed the room getting ready make up, heels, clothes, curling irons every where we called room service and they cleaned it as it was when we first checked in. Our shoes were even orginized our clothes folded make up orginized. THE BEST.We ordered room service on day 2 and let me say AMAZING! They came in set our table, toasted our bread IN ROOM! Poured us orange juice and coffee even put fresh flowers on the table! THE BESTWe were very needy that weekend we wanted cables to play our ipods, they ran that up to us asap, we didnt know how to work the raidio they sent us a tech asap. I needed a spray tan they hooked it up. Again THE BESTI HEART YOU VDARA I def will be back my next trip to Sin City
2	Watch out!  They charge $67 to your credit card if you don't check out.  These "resort fees" are not included in the cost of the hotel.Crappy customer service.
4	My dh and I spent 2 nights here and loved it! We loved that it was smoke-free and very quiet. It was close walking distance to pretty much all of the places we wanted to see so we didn't mind at all. Our deluxe suite was over 600 sq ft and very roomy like a small apartment! I loved the kitchen and we used it to reheat our leftovers and the 2 flat screen tvs were great as well, we could see one in front of the couch and another in front of the bed! The bed and pillows were super comfortable and the bathroom was huge! I loved that there were plenty of drawers and closets in which to store my clothes. The big soaking tub was nice too, I'm glad I remembered to bring my bubble bath! Our room had a nice view of the Bellagio waterfall too which was a nice surprise! We used the gym a couple of times and although it was small and a bit busy in the mornings, we were able to use all the machines and weights we wanted. It was super clean and they had complimentary bottles of water. We will definitely stay here again!
2	good value for $$$ paid but so many little things wrong with this place that could be easily remedied?pros - value for money in terms of square footage, no casino to walk through and get lost, non smoking, easy walk to aria/bellagio but have to go outside though covered to get to bellagio. good sheets/bed, modern decor. Aveda amentities.cons:1 hr to check in!!!  slowest check in, in the world?!?cockroach! as we were leaving and I was writing this, cockroach!! gross!not sure what my $20 resort fee went towards, if there were supposedly 2 bottles water/day, I didn't see itperhaps for the free wifiin our panoramic suite - 2 phones in the small bedroom, but none in the kitchen nor living room.I liked the sofa bed in the living room - good for one of our kids to sleep inBlackout shades were NOT blackout - in that there were gaps every 3 feet and in the corner of the room! which of course, hit the bed! which is the most important partI came with a group of 5 other friends/couples. we asked to have our rooms put together. NONE of them were together. one was 1 floor down. one was floor 48 one was floor 58, etc etc.no pen/paper easily accessible to jot phone notes. When I made the reservation months ago, I asked to have a connecting room. When I checked in, I was told "sorry, can't do that." So they gave me room 28.001 and 28.011 But we also happened to have another room booked under my mother's name, and somehow that room was connecting to 28.001 (it was 28.003), but somehow seconds ago, he couldn't get me a connecting room? what a messed up system?They should just have the rooms stocked with the utensils, etc. or at least napkins?my friend's room didn't have a coffeemaker. Bathtub looked deep but was really wimpy.parents got the room service - said the food sucked.we got locked out of our room - if someone in the room turns the special thing - then you are locked out. Later our keys didn't work.concierge told me she booked grand luxe at palazzo - when we got there, the restaurant said we had booked grand luxe at venetian! luckily it was fine.my friend got the 2 bedroom 2 level - said it was very vertical and not goodthen she got the 2 bedroom flat suite and it was NICE for the master bedroom and ok for the other bedroom. but great view in the living room.so next time would go with the 2 bedroom flat suite - room 54.004 or similar.
4	My girlfriends and I were lucky to spend a Saturday night at this fabulous hotel. I cannot comment specifically on the price since it was paid for by my friend's husband as a birthday present, but based on other hotels I've stayed at in Vegas, this was top notch and probably worth its price. There was the iHeart music festival going on the weekend we went, so prices were a little higher than normal for this time of year.This hotel is a fantastic choice if you aren't a fan the smoke filled casinos that most Vegas places boast. Quiet and smoke free - yes please! All the rooms are suites, and therefore very spacious. We didn't use the kitchenette but was very thankful to have a refrigerator in the room! It was nice that they stocked it with a couple FREE waters as well. BEST PART: the panoramic view from our suite of the north end of Las Vegas/the Strip.We were able to watch the Bellagio fountain show (minus the music) from our "living room". I enjoyed the modern decor, spacious bathrooms, comfortable beds (even the pull-out couch was decent, and queen-sized!) Service was fantastic - from the valets to the bellboys to housekeeping who came at 4am to make up the pull-out couch. It is not far off from the Strip. I loved how we were able to walk to the Cosmopolitan, or take the tram from Aria to either Monte Carlo or Bellagio.The one complaint: the bathroom door handle was unsecured and kept falling off so we couldn't lock the bathroom. Not a problem so much as an inconvenience when it would fall on the floor with a clatter and wake us up! Also some people didn't like the idea that there is no self-parking. However, valet is free (you just have to tip them obviously!)Additionally, we visited the Spa and fitness center during our stay. The fitness center is free for guests and is very spacious for a hotel gym. It had multiple treadmills/elliptical machines that each had their own TVs attached. There were several weight machines and free weights. The Spa was about average for Vegas spas (sorry, nothing has been able to beat Caesars yet!) While I didn't get a spa service, my friends loved their 50 minute massages. The sauna and steam room were spacious and there was a small Jacuzzi to relax in. Sadly there was no indoor pool, but the hotel pool only one floor up.If I could get a decent deal for a room, I'd definitely stay here again!
3	We stayed at Vdara for the 1st time this past weekend and I'm sad to say that I was disappointed by the experience. For starters, the check-in line was long and there seemed to be a long wait whenever we came downstairs to exit the premises. We stood in line for  30 minutes to check-in! Our "deluxe suite" wasn't very impressive. The set up of the space made it feel small and stuffy. Too much furniture and not enough walking space. The bathroom, however was nice. There's a huge, deep tub if you want to soak in some bubbles and the shower was big too. LOVE that there was a kitchenette. That microwave was handy for our drunken eats at 3am. The pool was sad. Small, simple, and water was too shallow. All in all, it was okay. Location was good, but I doubt I'd stay here again.
3	This hotel really is gorgeous and luxurious. I can't really comment on the price since I was not the one who paid for the room, but to my best guess I personally would not pay more than $200 a night. The rooms are all suites, and yes they are gorgeous. The rooms had excellent views, loved the decor, and the comfy a$$ bed. My favorite was the kitchenette and the bathrooms. The bath tub was huge and I liked how the showers had a built in bench. I really enjoyed getting ready for a night out in this bathroom!!!! Lighting was perfect for make up ladies!!!! I can't really think of anything wrong with the room except that you need to call room service for silverware...kind of lame considering the size of the kitchenette...I really am almost tempted to just call it a kitchen.The room, the beauty of the hotel, the luxurious aura, location etc that all gets 4.5 stars, but the service here is what lacks. We were the only group in line for check in, and I know I was waiting at least 45 minutes. Thank goodness for the cozy beautiful seating area.*****Important!!! It wasn't an issue that they only have valet parking-but the drivers clearly didn't know how to handle a car with after market modifications and lowered cars.They scraped the bottom of our car while taking it to the garage and when bringing it out. The valet dude yelled at us and told us that it should have never been parked in the garage since it was so low and pointed to an area just in front of the hotel where they have a few spaces reserved for certain clientele I am assuming??? OH OK thanks for letting us know after our stay there and when we are leaving!!!!Top notch hotel, but needs a refresher course on hotel hospitality and service.
1	Made a reservation for Vdara through Get A Room.  Vdara wouldn't honor it and wanted to move me to The Signature.  Rooms at standard rates were still available.  Looks like a "bait and switch" game!
3	Really nice hotel, but a little out of the way from the main scene on the strip. Rooms were nice, but our AC broke and the pull out beds are pretty rough to sleep on. Would go back though, as we had a great room rate.
3	Got an awesome upgrade for Mexican Independence Day weekend! They overbooked the standard room so my friends and I were upgraded to the 51st floor (of 56) corner suite! Nice!1.5 bathrooms, one king bed, a pullout sofa (which sucked -- better to sleep on the reg sofa -- more cushioning), and a kitchen which was perrrrfect for having pre drinking parties. Great service (friendly, prompt, and accomodating when we asked for 7 glasses and a whole case of water for the day after) and the hotel staff was super friendly about sneaking people in heehee... oh and the gym was pretty naice (though I have never before worked out while in Vegas so I really have no point of reference)Things Against?-No casino!! Although it may be a bonus that I couldn't gamble away all my $$-the pool, while gorgeous, is a bit small and underwhelming-the room was set up sort of weirdly -- so it felt small even though it was big-the bathroom with the glass doors everywhere and open toilet -- be prepared to friendship to that next level w your friendsHonestly, this hotel was fantastico but Vegas is VEGAS. It's supposed to be increeeeible and I wasn't blown away by this hotel. I could stay here again but I'm down for adventuring to other places as well.
3	Nice hotel! Very classy and modern, but they don't  have much going on. Conveniently, Aria, its sister hotel, is just a block away. You can also take a tram to Bellagio, but be prepared to walk! The room is an adequate size. A bit smaller than I expected, but still some space if you move the furniture around. There's a couch with a pull out bed and two flat screens (one in front of the couch and the other in front of the bed. Though I doubt you can have both on at the same time since they're mounted back to back. Some other nice perks were an empty mini fridge, electronically controlled shades, and a real blow dryer. The not so good things: There were no Aveda products like other reviewers had mentioned. We got the deluxe suite so maybe they only have them when you upgrade? Not really convenient when walking to the strip.   Even though only a mile walk, it's not centrally located. It's sort of tucked away between Aria and the Cosmopolitan. The $20 per day resort fee and $2.40 tax or additional charge to the resort fee is ridiculous! What does it pay for? The two mini water bottles we get per day? Oh, and the death ray from the pool? The exorbitant resort fee is enough for me to avoid this place. Even though I only paid under $300 for two nights (through Orbitz), I feel like I was ripped off!
4	So we checked in and we realized we were getting the wrong room...when you reserve a hospitality suite for six ppl and you end up with two kings..you get an unhappy customer.  Walked back downstairs and asked an awesome concierge and she solved the problem in ten minutes. Thank you!.. sorry for forgetting her name. The correct suite was fabulous!! Awesome view of all the planes flying into lv, 2.5 bathrooms, a huge kitchen, lots of storage, a washer/dryer...I could keep going, but go and enjoy for yourself!!
4	My wife and I stayed here back in April of 2011 and we loved it. The hotel is very classy and modern and it's not on the strip so there's not a lot of human traffic. You can access the strip by going through Bellagio or taking the tram to Aria. When we were there we stayed at the 50th floor, the most beautiful view ever, best of all is the price. It's not as expensive as some of the other hotels (best bang for the buck).
5	The Vdara is a new sleek and modern hotel located slightly off the Strip adjacent to the Bellagio. What makes this a superb hotel, at least for me, is that it is a non-smoking and a non-casino hotel. The peace and quiet is a stark contrast to the chaos going on next door - and if you are in the mood for gambling or chaos the Bellagio is a mere 3 minute walk away. The rooms are quite large (about 600sf.) and very well appointed, they feature a small kitchen with stovetop and sink (albeit without any pots, pans, silverware or dishes - so not sure what the intent was here), the living room has a small two-person dinner table and a nice living area. The bathroom is larger than most hotels and has a large deep tub in addition to a separate shower. The room itself could be compared to a high rise luxury efficiency - one could stay here long term without ever getting the feeling of being in a hotel.Breakfast, lunch and dinner can be had at the Market Cafe (a combination of a bistro and convenience store) on the lobby level. The Market Cafe serves a great breakfast and makes some mean sandwiches and desserts. The convenience section has a fair selection of foods and drinks to get you by in a pinch including a limited selection of Dean and Deluca goodies.   The Pool area located just above the lobby area in the front of the hotel is very nice and has 3-4 pools scattered around. However, as with most hotels in Vegas it is oversaturated with chaise lounges and is more reminiscent of a cruise ship than a hotel. So get there early if you are planning to get a tan.This is one of the nicest hotels (what can I say I am a sucker for modern amenities) that I have stayed at. The rooms are large well equipped and comfortable. Until something better comes along this will be my hotel of choice when staying in Las Vegas.
4	My husband and I stayed at the Vdara for 3 nights last week and I must say we loved it. The Vdara definitely allows you to have your cake and eat it too. The hotel is slightly off the strip and the Bellagio, Aria and Monte Carlo are all connected and the strip is only a short walk. The Vdara is a non smoking non casino hotel and is very relaxing, but if you feel like gambling, inhaling second hand smoke or engaging in any of the other activities Vegas has to offer this hotel is so conveniently located that all the Vegas amenities are very accessible. The staff was very friendly and the hotel really feels like a spa with modern contemporary decor and utilized clean lines to give a sleek and finished look. When we entered the room we noticed a kitchen area and a dinning table but you have to get the pots, pans, plates and utensils from housekeeping. We walked past the entry way and there was a king bed , flat screen tv, and a sitting area with a couch, coffee and end tables. My husband noticed that the tables in the room were dusty and when our luggage was brought my husband told the bell hop that the room was dusty when he asked if everything was ok. A representative from housekeeping immediately came to the room to remedy the problem. The bathroom was large and very attractive. There was a large soaking tub and a separate shower. The two things that would have made it better was if there were 2 sinks and if the toilet was in a separate little room. In the evening of our first night we wanted to take a shower before going out and quickly noticed that there were only 2 wash cloths. BTW I hate when I go to hotels that know there are 2 people in the room and only leave 2 towels. I called housekeeping to get more face towels and they said that they would bring them right up (housekeeping is said to be available 24/7). Almost an hour goes by and no towels I looked out the door to see if there was a housekeeping cart in the hallway and got lucky. I went down a few doors and was able to get a few towels off the cart. Yes I did it again before we left but this time I was sure to get enough to last the whole stay. The bed was really comfortable unless we were fooled because we were so tired from being in Vegas and being up so late each night. There are black out shades that were operated by a switch on the wall and I will agree with the other reviews that say there were gaps in the shades therefore the room is not completely dark but it was dark enough for us and did not interfere with our sleep at all. We ate a snack at the bar (sliders, fries, salad), breakfast at the market cafe (bagel sandwich, muffin, orange juice) and ordered room service (buffalo and bbq wings, tomato soup, carrots, celery, bread). The sliders and bbq wings were really good but everything else was just okay. The Vdara is a modern hotel that feels like home away from the hustle and bustle of Vegas without being too far. We will definitely stay here again.
4	Quiet- no casino.Clean- no smoking allowed.Staff- courteous and did everything asked of them.Size of the rooms were excellent. It had large windows which gave you a great view of other hotels and desert (this is Vegas, duh!). While I didn't lounge there, the pool area looked like a prime location to absorb hazardous amounts of UV rays.
4	Second time staying here.  This time stayed in the two-story, two bedroom penthouse suite.  The room was great!!  The staff was very accommodating.  One of my favorite hotels to stay at in Las Vegas.
4	I must say that I am totally pleased with my stay here at Vdara.  I am sure it helps that I was upgraded to a huge suite for no additional $.  However, the staff is pleasant...amenities are great and I love that there is no casino downstairs.  I have already booked my room here for my next visit.
4	We have stayed here 3 times. This was the first in a smaller suite. So the 4th star is because there was no Aveda in our suite, no coffee maker , robes, or slippers. Although it did appear we could have called down to have them sent up. Th water pressure was low in my shower, and the iron was connected to the ironing board so it was harder to iron (if this matters to you). Also, our fun Vdara cafe wasn't open at all so I wasn't able to get my Benedict and coffee like always. I am unsure what they are doing there right now. But then why 4 stars? Because of the signature scent, the pool atmosphere, the staff, and well it is Vdara. If you want a boutique non-gaming LV experience this is it. You can walk over to Cosmopolitan or Bellagio so this is perfect.
5	Definitely a fan of this hotel. From all the hotels I've stayed in Vegas, this one would probably be my top pick, and no, I haven't only stayed at shady run down hotels.The rooms are amazing, and the room I stayed in had a view of the Bellagio water show as well as the strip. The amenities are great, and the bathroom is what I imagine my bathroom makeover would look like, haha.I ordered room service twice during my stay, and the food was beyond what I had expected. The presentation, and the flavors were very close to fine dining. As you can imagine the prices are up there, but I felt you get what you pay for.If you're looking to stay off the strip, but within walking distance, I would highly recommend this hotel (which doesnt have a casino). The Aria is right next to it if you need to get your clubbin' or gambling fix.
5	It's very hard to review a hotel, mostly because it TOTALLY depends on what you want in a hotel that will make it fabulous, or .. quite the opposite. In short, I'll tell you whats great about this hotel and what some might see as a downside.AWESOME PARTS:*Every room here is a suite, and the rooms are not outrageously priced. I would compare the pricing with MGM (obviously, they're sister hotels) or any other of the MGM sister hotels!!!*Even if you get a one bedroom, there is a couch that turns into a queen pull out bed, and it is STILL just as comfortable as the normal bed.*The AC actually works here.*The room service is GREAT!!!*The views are fantastic, and if you request a room on a higher level, they are usually willing to accommodate, and hook you up!!!*I have never had a long wait for check in, not even once, and I have stayed here 4+ times now (and I'm staying here this coming Saturday!)*All rooms come with a small dining area and a small kitchenette. PARTS THAT COULD BE QUESTIONABLE, BUT THAT I FIND AWESOME:*No casino (but the Aria is RIGHT across the way, less than a five minute walk and they have a casino.. so..)*No smoking (I smoke, but even I can appreciate a nice clean smell when walking into a hotel)*Quiet Vdara is conveniently located as well. It is literally in the same circle as the Aria, and a 5 minute walk to the Cosmopolitan. It's centrally located in the middle of the strip, which is nice, or I think ... if it's not in the middle its pretty damn close.Overall, each stay I have had at the Vdara has been magical. :)
4	This is a very nice hotel. There is no casino at this hotel, so it is a drawback. If you want to gamble, you either have to walk to the Aria or the Cosmopolitan. Besides that, the hotel was very clean, service was good and the atmosphere was good too. Stayed here for my bacholars party. The room had a very nice decor to it. It was modern and had upscale amenities. Would stay here again if ever in Vegas. Parking is valet and if you want to park your own car, you can park it at the Cosmopolitan parking structure.
5	I recently stayed at Vdara for 3 days, and the experience was heaven on earth.  I opted for the City Corner Suite and it was worth every single penny.  The room is 800+ square feet with 270 degree panoramic panty dropping views that are absolutely incredible, washer and dryer in the unit... what more could you ask for.  I had a few friends over that were staying at local hotels and there was more than enough room for all of us to relax before going out, with a bedroom, living room, and full kitchen.  The bathroom alone could hold 20 people, it was huge!  My only gripe was the pull out couch wasn't the most comfortable, but everything else exceeded my expectations to such a degree, that it didnt even bother me.  I'm currently planning my next trip, and I will definitely be staying at the Vdara again.
5	It's been about half a year since I been back to Vegas. Staying at VDARA definitively made it worth it.Friends of mine booked rooms here this past weekend. Arriving and parking was easy, because everything was valet. Sorry kids, no self parking.The exterior and interior design of this hotel is very modern, sleek, and unique. The room itself, which we got was just the typical deluxe suite, comes with really cool features.2 Plasma TVs back to backKing Size bed which sleeps 3-4Couch which can be made into a bed that sleeps 2-3Refrigerator for stocking the goodsBurner to cook ramen noodles at 5 am in the morningDining table for romantic dinnersand hot tub for washing dirty feetLocation VDARA is close enough to Cosmo and Aria, which are the newer hotels. Love it that it's close to Marquee Club because I actually left my drivers license while waiting in line and it only took 15-20 minutes to go and come back, just in time to have some fun!Very affordable, luxurious, and relaxing!
4	Got a fabulous suite for a bachelorette party earlier in the winter. A ginormous bigger than king-size bed, pristine bathroom, very comfortable living room area with a pull-out bed that will fit three 5'4 girls comfortably, and then we laid on the bed and almost never got up. The bed fit 5 girls and we almost missed our flight. Nice TV with a plethora of channels, including a radio that was a nice way to pre-game before a crazy night out. Loved it!It's funny because this hotel does not have its own casino but it's right next to Aria and fairly close to Bellagio. That could be good, and that could be bad. It's all relative. Downside is not much of a restaurant/cafe downstairs on top of not having its own casino, but if you like being away from the madness, then I highly recommend. I should have explored the outdoor amenities more but I was trying to cram too much into a jam packed 48 hour bacheloration party.
4	I enjoyed staying at this newly (2 years old) built high rise.  I asked for a suite with a view of the Bellagio fountain (thank you yelpers).  The hotel is "environmentally friendly", which means few of the standard items are not provided for automatically until you ask for it; however the service is fast and personalized.The shower drain and the sinks in the bathroom were severely backed up.As for the facilities...the hotel only has a cafe.  Although it is next to Aria and Bellagio (3 minute walk), there still is something to be said about convenience of facilities within the hotel.
5	Spent the weekend at Vdara and couldn't be happier!  I read the other reviews and was worried as the line to check in was really LONG.  Much to my surprise it only took about five minutes to get through the line...literally the fastest check in ever!  The hotel is spotlessly clean and smells good too...it's non-smoking.  I booked a one bedroom corner suite and was very happy with my room.  The views were spectacular, the room was comfortable and the bathroom was off the hook!  I didn't get a chance to use the pool but it looked awesome.  I spent Saturday at the Spa Vdara, had a great massage and the spa facility is nice too.  The Vdara is very conveniently located in City Center with tram service everywhere - although we chose to walk and everything was less than a five minute walk.  Fantastic stay...can't wait to back!
5	I'm not a gambler or a smoker, so maybe that's why I fell in love with this place. There is a clean and pretty scent to Vdara, along with a modern decor. The staff was super friendly and totally quick status when we needed extra towels, comforters, etc. The cleaning staff was so generous; they stacked our shoes, organized all our straighteners and curling irons, and even folded our clothes.We booked the Deluxe Suite, which fit us (7 girls) comfortably. It has a full kitchen including a microwave, stove top, sink, refrigerator and dining table. I didn't see a coffee maker, but I'm sure it was there hiding behind all the alcohol. The room was partitioned into two, which had a plasma TV on either side. The room also came with a blackout/shade option; it felt like 4AM when it was really noon. As for the bathroom, besides the fact that the shower had clear doors, it was pretty reasonable for 7 girls. I fell in love with the bathtub, which was my best friend at 6AM after a night at Marquee. There is only valet at Vdara, but they are super quick. We checked out at peak time (12PM) and it took us, literally, 5 minutes to get our car. Even if you love gambling, I highly suggest you check this place out. Plus, the walk to Aria/Cosmopolitan is 3 minutes. Seriously, I timed it. In heels. Definitely coming back here.
3	I stayed at Vdara only one night on a "mystery hotel" deal offered by a travel reservations website. I was just looking for a comfortable, affordable place close to the Cosmopolitan, where I was planning to spend most of my time before my flight the next day.Vdara did a fine job of fulfilling the basic requirements I had, but I felt the experience was lacking in areas that were less of a necessity -- the areas that might have bumped this review to 4 or 5 stars. Check in was fast and the woman at the desk was polite. She told me she would upgrade me to some sort of deluxe suite, but I'm not sure what was deluxe about it except that it was more like an apartment than a hotel room (but it seems that all rooms are like this? I could be wrong).The room had a dining area, kitchen, living area, work station, and a separate bedroom/bathroom. There were two water bottles included in the resort fee found in the refrigerator. Robes and slippers were comfy.I just read through some of the reviews here and looked through pictures. I'm seeing this large soaking tub that I was hoping for, but my bathroom just had a regular bathtub like the one I have at home. That was extremely disappointing. I also got regular Vdara toiletries instead of Aveda that I am reading about here. Are these only found in certain rooms? If so, Vdara should not advertise themselves as a fancy retreat sort of hotel if they won't provide this fancy treatment to all guests. That's not what I call service. Even if they're doing this because they want to save money, don't make it so obvious that you're cutting costs starting with me, the customer.There were support bars almost everywhere in the bathroom and a seat in the shower, so if you are someone that requires some stability assistance or just likes to sit while in the shower, Vdara is very accommodating.Complimentary wifi was great because I was tired of paying for it at the other place I stayed. It was a tiny bit spotty when I first logged on at midnight, but was working again with no problems in the morning in my room and the afternoon where I camped out at the lobby cafe with overpriced, okay food when I needed to telecommute.Of course, everyone should know that this is a non-gaming hotel. I like to gamble, but I was totally fine with the short walk over to the Cosmopolitan where I found $5 minimum craps tables in the morning. How could I resist?Vdara definitely suited my needs for the one night I needed a place to stay, but as potential for my future typical Vegas trip accommodations, it wouldn't make my top list. I wouldn't fully object to staying here again, but I certainly wouldn't be very excited.
5	One of the nicest hotels in Vegas that I've stayed in. The staff is accommodating, the rooms are plush and gorgeously appointed and the views from the top floors are to die for. Also, the food in the cafe downstairs is good. My friend said the pannini he ate was "quite possibly the best sandwich he'd ever had."
3	I'm a true-blue Palazzo girl, but the man had a conference at the Bellagio so we thought we'd switch it up and stay at Vdara for the convenience factor.  One of the best things about this hotel is that when you walk in, you aren't slapped in the face with the smell of cigarettes.  Why?  Because it's a non-smoking hotel.  It's also a non-gambling hotel which means it's quiet when you walk in.  Ahhhh.  For me, the goodness mostly ends there.  The pool leaves A LOT to be desired.  The dining options are EXTREMELY limited and the restroom (inside the room itself), couldn't be any closer to the bed if the designers tried.The room was larger than most standard Vegas rooms (except for The Palazzo, ahem) because it also boasts a small kitchen which can be useful, I guess.  The living room area was small and the couch was very uncomfortable.  Actually, the bedroom and living room are basically just one big room with a TV wall unit separating the two.  The biggest plus for the room was that the bed was super comfortable.  And like I mentioned earlier, I have to take away points for the location of the restroom.  Forget the fact that it has one of those frosted glass doors so if you go in there in the middle of the night, the bedroom still gets illuminated if you turn on the light in the bathroom.  Dumb design. Oh, the decorators also need a little schooling on blackout shades because what they had in these rooms certainly did not fit the bill.  Sure they made the room darkER, but that's about it.  There was no blackout to be found.Overall, it was a pretty hotel in a great location with great access to the Bellagio, but I can't say that I would ever choose to stay there in the future.Viva Las Vegas.
2	There is some good points. . .it feels "fancy". . .each room has a really nice bathroom with large soaking tub and full kitchen area. Although fairly useless to have such amenities for our short weekend stay, I can see how this would be excellent for a longer term stay. However, some of the fanciness seems cosmetic as you start to realize the workmanship quality and service is sorely lacking. We actually had a large piece of crown molding just fall off the wall when we opened the blinds. This was hanging over the bed and had nails sticking out of it.Also, although the main bed is extremely comfy - the pullout bed is wildly uncomfortable. I've rarely been at a hotel without the option of double beds. I didn't think this would be an issue because I've been on many sofa beds in my life and although they aren't great, they usually are tolerable. This was like lying on a bed of nails. Ridiculous for a "fancy" hotel - they surely must hear this complaint on a daily basis. Also, when we informed them we were going to be needing use of the pullout bed, instead of making it up for us, they just left a pile of sheets on the sofa. Seriously? How much per night to make my own bed?When we brought up the piece of molding falling off and the sofa bed, we were met with apathy. No apology. No "we'll get right on that". More of a shrug and a we'll get to it when we get to it. No here's a free room upgrade or coupon/voucher for something. The girl at desk actually seemed annoyed we were bringing up totally valid issues of comfort and safety. They eventually fixed the molding (doubt it was a permanent fix and likely more of a glue job) and added extra cushioning to bed after numerous requests. But it was not a painless experience and a supposedly fancy hotel should really know better how to treat a customer.Also, no self parking (valet only). I avoid valet when possible as I simply don't like strangers driving my car. So basically we ended up parking in Aria and going through insane series of elevators, stairs, trams, walkways, etc each time we wanted to go from car to room. Just a hassle when there is so many hotels in town with easy self parking that won't require an epic journey or to have valet retrieve your vehicle every time you need to get to car and back. This wouldn't be an issue for someone flying in, but if you're driving in, avoid for sure!So yes, on the surface seems like a really nice place. And maybe it is if you don't have your own car, only need 1 bed, or need a place with a kitchen. Or maybe you're someone that hates smoke so much they do not want to stay in any hotel with a casino. But if none of those things sound like you, there is a ton of better options.
3	Getting to the Vdara is but a mere illusion, walking, driving, cabbing what have you.  Driving oneself here is similar to navigating the Penrose Stairs (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Penrose_stairs).  You see it but can you get to it?  Are we getting closer or just staying still?  Do we take a left, right, straight, u-turn?Buddy of mine booked a room (#46-034) via Priceline for about $125.  Simple, modern, functional...sterile and a great view of the Strip including Bellagio fountain...aromatic esp. the shampoo which literally smells like red starbursts.  An indoor hallway connects directly to the Bellagio.Cons: 1) I have been diagnosed with multiple sclerosis after 3 nights on the couch bed.2) Aria is the closest hotel with tables...with the most disgruntled and possibly mute dealers.Save yourself the trouble and stay north at the Wynn or Venetian unless you enjoy 5k walks and believe in the secondhand smoke myth.
4	This review is all about the HOTEL -  didn't make it to their Spa:We really enjoyed our stay at the Vdara hotel.  The staff was extremely friendly and accommodating to our every request.  I LOVED the fact that it is a non-smoking and non-gambling hotel.  Sometimes I just need to get away from all the smoke (so stinky) and noise.  We were there for 5 days/4 nights (for both business & pleasure) and if I was in any other hotel, I think it would have been too long.  PROs:*Great spot - centrally located on the strip, easy to get to everything from Bellagio, Cosmopolitan to Aria and shopping.  *Beautiful Hotel, modern/contemporary design*Super comfortable beds*Non-smoking*Quiet lobby*View from our corner suite was AMAZING! We could see the Bellagio Fountains and it felt like our room(s) were all-windows on one side.  *Our suite had a washer/dryer and beautiful kitchen with upscale appliances.  This was great as my kids came a little later and not having to drag them out for breakfast and snacks was ideal.*Kitchen had full-refrigerator, dishwasher, coffee maker, range and microwave.*Elevators were FAST! *FREE Wi-Fi (at least in your room) - although it seemed like we were limited on our phones (Facebook was almost impossible to get)*The blackout shades or shade only options were really nice, especially if some in your party tend to like to sleep in during the day.  *Awesome bathrooms - very large tub and shower with seat*Staff was cordial (front desk & housekeeping, especially)CONs:  *Very limited options for food on-site.  You really have to either order room service or walk over to Aria.  The little snack bar downstairs felt more like a school cafeteria with over-priced snacks.*The pool was nothing grand, which was a bit disappointing for Vegas.  Although I will say - I was pleasantly surprised that they had a lifeguard on duty (as small as it was).  Towels were readily available and the smoothie bar was nice.  *In order to use the little pool (and I mean LITTLE, as in - ideal for toddlers), you had to rent a cabana.  *Limited staff available at the Concierge Desk - every time I went down there, there was only 1 person to help and a line of folks need help.  I think only 1x did I go and there were two people staffing the area.  *Valet parking ONLY - it gets old feeling like you have to tip them EVERY time...and even when you just need to run up to your room for 5 minutes to grab something - they still park your car, even though they say they'll hold it for you.*If your window faces ANY of your neighbors, USE YOUR SHADES!  I didn't realize they weren't tinted enough and YOU CAN SEE RIGHT THROUGH THEM!  I'm sure our neighbors saw us at some point in our underwear!  It wasn't until one night I was coming out of the kitchen, I could see our neighbors closing their shades! *Would not recommend adults sleeping on the sofa beds!  Super uncomfortable.  That's just the nature of sofa beds, though - right?Great place to stay if you have family and need the extra in-room amenities.  If you're there for a weekend with your spouse or friends and wanna party - you're probably better suited to stay where you play (Ceasar's or Venitian) and can just stumble up to your room at 5am. ;o)
4	I'ved stayed here twice now and I'm def. a fan. First, it's walking distance to Marquee so that is AWESOME in terms of not having to catch a cab or anything. In fact, it's pretty walking distance to all the new hotels so it's kind of awesome. The hotel itself is nice and quiet (since there's no gambling in the actual hotel). It's kind of nice to get away from all the craziness and stay at a place where you can actually have a moment of silence in the city that never sleeps. The staff is pretty friendly, the rooms are clean and nice, overall...it's pretty awesome. Some reviews noted that they had their stuff stolen but we haven't had that problem....yet.
5	This place is awesome! I've stayed at several Vegas hotels in the last year and this is the best. The room is huge. The bathrrom has a large, deep tub and separate shower. There is a small kitchenette with table. The living space has two chairs, a large couch and a big screen tv. It is the cleanest and most well apointed Vegas hotel I've stayed at thus far.
5	We loved the Vdara!! The staff was extremely accomodating, and very very nice. Valet staff was also excellent. Our suite was very luxurious with an awesome view of the mountains. We loved the location, close to City Center, shopping and dining. I loved the bathroom in our suite!! The shower was awesome and the tub was huge! I always judge a place by their room service food and Vdara passed with flying colors!!! It was damn good and i ordered room service than once!! I would definitely revisit here :)
4	So,I'm a total fan!Our stay was very reasonably price, especially when splitting the bill between a few girlfriends.  The hotel's layout is beautiful, simple, but modern, and luxurious without being over the top.As we all know; Vegas is known for being "just a tad" over the top, so it was nice to see something with a little less fluff, and glitter, and a little more genuine class.I love how the hotel has multiple elevators; a set which attend to the first few levels, and another set which focus their attention to the higher floors.I think this really cut's down on foot traffic.The pool is large and very nice, but seems a little too laid back for my appetite.  A hot or scantily clad bikini wouldn't be a bed thing, I mean just because it's not a beach club, doesn't mean the pool crew should look like retirement central.  No offense to the retired community, one day I'll too be lounging in the sun without a care in the world, and unconcerned about my unshaven legs, but today just isn't that day.  That being said... if your in your 20's and 30's, I'd seriously encourage you to skip the pool.Ordering food from the room, was definitely an experience.10 minutes after room-service closed, we ordered some diner.  Yeah... It was close to 3 or 4 am.  None the less, room-service delivered our meal, within the time frame specified.  As if that weren't enough, my mini burgers arrived on a cute little plate with fries and several mini bottles (2" high) of condiments.  Adorable!On the downside:  I just wish room-service could have stopped by at least once without having to be called, during our 3 day stay!Overall this place was a big win!
5	This is my favorite hotel in Vegas. My wife and I go to Vegas every April, and we were blown away by the Vdara.Spotless hotel room. Gorgeous and modern styling. Fantastic spa.Really, really love this place!
3	The Hotel itself is kind of tucked away within the City Centre. It was hard to find the entrance to the hotel because there wasn't direct access from the strip... I guess i took cabs most the time so i wasnt too concerned with this. The rooms and service at this hotel were good. I just wish it's cafe was open later then 8pm for emergency snack needs, or if I needed to get a bandaid/advil/water etc. The hotel does not have a casino, which is nice.. no strangers walking around the lobby, no smoke smell lingering in the halls, no noisy slot machines...The thing i LOVED most about this hotel, is the proximity to other City Center hotels (Aria & Cosmopolitan) thru the monorail and there is direct walking access to the Bellagio and Caesar's Palace, if you walk a little further (10-12 minutes)
3	3.5 stars.Don't get me wrong, the Vdarra is a great alternative option for accommodations on The Strip.  I like how this hotel doesn't have a casino and is smoke free.  My room was upgraded to an executive suite which included a washer/dryer, kitchen, king sized bed and a couch that converted into a mattress.  It was perfect for my group of friends and I to rest comfortably.  One thing that bugged me about the suite was that you can smell a hint of mildew (?) in the air.  Luckily it wasn't too strong and was easy to cover up with an air freshener.The pool area was fine. I'm in the minority of those who doesn't like to tan my skin to death so it would have been nice if there were shaded areas to lounge around in.  We also were not aware that the Vdarra charges a $22.40 front desk fee after our stay.  One of my girls called to inquire why we were charged for that.  The reason was that this covered the use of the pool and spa, water bottles and phone usage (which we all didn't take advantage of minus the pool).  If I stay here again, I definitely will take advantage of all of the amenities the Vdarra has to offer.
2	I would give the staff four or five stars. They were very, very friendly and helpful. However, there are a few problems with the place.1. It is not easy to walk to the strip. It seems the pedestrian experience was an afterthought. It should not advertise itself as being on the strip as it takes too long to get to it. The path seems completely made up at the last minute of construction.2. Overall, it's like the place was not really finished. They say the rooms have kitchenettes, but no plates, cookware, or anything else are supplied without calling. The doors don't have pull or push on them, and they are large. There is no self parking, so it is time consuming every time you need to get your car.3. While the price of the room is reasonable, the price of nothing else is. $15 for a martini? $6 for a latte? You're kind of trapped within the Center, and the prices of all food and beverage are much higher than the rest of the city.The room is very nice, but the total experience is lacking.
1	We got married in Las Vegas and I did hope to have a great time with my husband at the Vdara hotel! Great view and modern design saved it. Too long to wait to check in and check out. Refrigerator was not working, we requested dishes because there was a kitchenette, but next day it was missing. There is no restaurants in the hotel, except the Market cafe, that has long waiting line too. My husband was missing glasses and I was missing my silk nightgown. I wanted to file the report, and security told us that usually visitors do not complain when something small is missing(!) "I understand if it were a camera or laptop"! What? Paying 200$ a night i also do not have to complain about STOLEN THINGS? Is that normal? They promised us to call if they find missing things. Of course nobody called. They spoiled impression in our last day, when instead of enjoying last days of our vocation we had to claim and call to complain...
1	I stayed at this hotel with two friends. It is a very new hotel, and very nice. But the customer service is horrible. I have never experienced the worst customer service at any hotel then here. We asked for an extra blanket and about 3 hours later we got it. We called the front desk and asked a couple of questions about what to eat around there and were to go for the night and they gave us no references. When we checked out my credit card was double charged. It took them 2 weeks to give me credit back. Horrible, do not recommend this place to anyone.
4	Location is great. You can easily access Bellagio, Aria, Cosmopolitan, Monte Carlo, New York, New York, Paris, Ballys and more!The room was comfortable. We checked in very late and it was quiet. I requested a different pillow...all they have in the room are fluffy feather ones, which I despise. They gave me a different pillow (no feathers) but still light and fluffy, sigh.We ordered room service for breakfast each morning, which was great. We could eat while we were getting ready and figuring out what to do for the day. Found the prices reasonable (it's room service) and the food was excellent. DIdn't have the Aveda lotions/shampoo's etc.(just their Vdara 'brand') or could I find a "dock" for my iPhone. Oh well, brought my own supplies.Would stay here again for location if the price was right. Housekeeping seems to do a good job here as well, kudos!
5	We had a corner suite, the staff were very friendly and room service was great. If you don't mind taking a taxi everywhere, then this is the place. We went next door to the Cosmopolitan for brunch at Wicked Spoon.There is no casino in here and its not on the strip, which I liked! Also, love the fact that it smells amazing when you walk in. The lotion they provide also has that same smell. I took a few bottles of lotion home. =)
5	This hotel is not for everyone who goes to Las Vegas.  If you like to party and gamble, I don't think this hotel is for you.  The pool is small, there is NO casino, and it's quiet.  That being said, I LOVE Vdara.  It is SO nice to be able to walk into a relaxing, quiet hotel after all your senses are assaulted at all the other hotels and on the strip.The location is a bit out of the way, BUT there is a walkway through the Bellagio that proved to be very convenient while we stayed there.
4	I absolutely love this place and wish we could have stayed more then 2 nights. It felt like we were staying in an apartment, it was big with a full kitchen, fridge, dining room table, living area w/ flat screen, bedroom w/ flat screen, one full bath and one half bath. They even provided coffee, water bottles, and robes/slippers.Ideal for someone who wants to end their night in Vegas feeling like they are coming home, not to mention there was an obvious lack of noise and smoke from a casino. Short walk to the Cosmopolitan and everything near that. Staff was very friendly, great pool, and the most amazing part was the black out curtains that you controlled with a remote on the wall.We will stay here again, highly suggest you stay here if you are not into being super wild and crazy in Vegas and prefer a classy time.P.S. I only made it a 4/5 because of the price. Ouchy.
4	I like Vdara in that it has a good location. It is off of the strip, but has a direct walkway through the bellagio.This resort does not have a casino, but is nice and quiet. Very relaxing atmosphere. The only down side is that it lacks food venues.The concierge was really helpful. Overall, great service and great ambiance.I would definitely recommend this place when staying in Vegas!
5	Vdara is such a cool hotel! There is no casino here - so it's a lot quieter, and there is no nasty tobacco smell, or the smell of various attempts to mask tobacco odors.I stayed here three nights. My room was on the 47th floor. When I first walked in to my room, I was surprised by how dim the room lighting was. It's as if it was intentional to form some sort of mood.My room had four different rooms - a kitchenette area, a bathroom, a living room, and a bedroom. Both the living room and bed room had large flat panel HD TVs - and with a respectable number of HD channels!The kitchenette had a small mini fridge, as well as a minibar stocked with water, soda, beer, booze, and snacks. There is also a two burner stovetop and a microwave.The bed was very comfortable. The mattress was nice and firm, not mushy.The door has an electronic lock that is activated by a chip in your room card. You wave or move the card close to the sensor on the door and it unlocks. There is also a couple of buttons inside the door that control a light in the hallway right next to the door. The color of the light provides information to the maid/cleaning staff - as to whether the room is available to be cleaned, or if you want privacy (blue light) or if you are specifically requesting maid service (green light).The staff are friendly and very accommodating. I had set the light to blue one morning and when I left my room for the day, I forgot to change the light color. When I got back to my room, there was a light flashing on my phone indicating I had a message. When I called to get the message - the message was a query as to whether I needed my room cleaned. Wow! Very thorough!The room also has power window shades that are operated by a wall switch. The room also had free internet access - available via ethernet or Wifi.
5	As somebody who absolutely hates Las Vegas but has to be there twice a year for business, the Vdara is absolute hotel Heaven!  My husband and I were in Vegas for three days.  He had to be there for work and they had set us up at the Bellagio for the first two nights.  What a disappointment that so called 'classy' hotel was.  Our room was small and depressing.  A third night there would have been $470 which was waaay over priced for what we were getting.  We decided to change hotels and booked a panoramic suite at Vdara for half the price of the Bellagio room.  Were we pleasantly surprised when at check in we were told our room had been up graded to a penthouse, two level, top floor (56th and 57th) suite.  The suite was an absolute Hotel-Nirvana-Experience!   The suite takes up both sides of the floor, so you have amazing views on both sides of the hotel.  The suite features a spacious living room with gigantic windows, flat screen TV and media center; a dining area; a full kitchen with huge fridge, dishwasher, stove, micro wave oven and washer and dryer; one downstairs bathroom; a bedroom with yet another flat screen TV; an enormous upstairs bathroom with stunning views. The list goes on and on. Another plus point is the free and super fast WiFi, which is a luxury on its own compared to the poor WiFi some of the hotels offer ... and charge for!The other nice thing about this property is that it doesn't have a casino and that the whole hotel is smoke-free.The staff is super helpful and friendly.  A must-book when you HAVE to be in Vegas and want to experience your stay with style.
3	Our last stay was not what we have experienced in the past. Our room door would not close easily, there was a horrible smell in the hallway. It was not addressed until we were leaving. They adjusted our bill when we left, but had no answer about why this was not taken care of earlier. I love Vdara, but this soured me a bit
4	Because I've stayed here when City Center just opened, it was quiet and less occupied, especially without the casino.This time around because I stayed during the Pacquiao/Marquez fight weekend; IT WAS PACKED!!! Seemed more fun and like I was, actually, on The Strip.The space in the lobby was, also, better than I recalled.They have a little grocery store/market/cafe which is just what Vdara needed. Having to walk all the way to Aria just for a bottled water is too much to ask for after a night out sometimes, feel me.The room we got was, also, better than the one we last had. We had a corner room with the view of Cosmo and The Strip.
5	Front desk customer service was great. The room was cleaned and quiet. Easy access to valet.
4	A hidden gem!!  My husband and I recently came to Vegas for a weekend and booked Vdara for about $168 a night.  Considering Vdara is a new hotel in the City Center, it's an amazing deal.  Once you enter the hotel, you get an amazing whiff of lavender (or something) instead of disgusting cigarettes, but that's because there's no casino in here.  The bottom level pretty much consists of a lounge, restaurant/mini-mart, and check-in area.  When you're leaving the hotel, you can go one way and take the tram to Bellagio and the rest of the City Center or exit through the main doors and walk across the way either the Cosmo or Aria.  My only complaint is that it's hard finding your way back to Vdara because like I said, it's hidden and there aren't many signs for it.  Just remember your original route and back track.We got the most basic room with a King bed and pull out couch and a big bathroom with a stand-up shower and small tub - NOT a hot tub or jacuzzi.  There's also a mini kitchen with a stove, sink and microwave!  I already have a room booked here at Vdara for EDC weekend and I cannot wait!!
5	Great rooms and decor!  Nice place to relax after enjoying all Vegas has to offer!
1	Not juicy worth it for a vegas hotelCame here with my family for the sema show. They had a special of 2 nights with 2 free spa massage passes for about $600 including wifi and $50 in room dining.The rooms are all king size with sofa bed unless you upgrade. The bed was too soft and felt like an old run down bed with nice sheets. The sofa bed was horrible, springs about to come out and break your back. We had to call housekeeping to give us some kind of options since the sofa bed was really bad. Apparently they knew this sofa bed is bad because they were prepared in having bedding put on top of the sofa bed. So it wasn't as bad when you slept there. The bed felt too soft, it felt like a really old bed, the springs were just way too soft. The bathroom and tv's were decent. They give slippers if you ask the housekeeping which was nice. The rooms in Vdara are more for business people since it has a few tables to do some work. Went to try the pool and there was news about how the sun rays reflected off their buildings and to the people in the pool area. I had forgotten about this news when I sat across the building in the pool area and felt like I was getting burned. It was a different kind of burn from the sun, this felt like you were in the oven and your skin was literally in heat. That was a big negative. I moved to face the sun and the sun's direct rays were better than sitting away from it getting the sun's reflections from the buildings. The cafe in Vdara was pretty good. Got the burger and wrap. Was pretty good.
1	We decided to go with Vdara since their pool and the rooms looked nice, and we needed a place to relax after our week long road trip. I wanted to try out one of the city center places and, Aria didnt have suitesI have to say, the room was pretty nice.The reasons I am forced to give such a poor review, which I rarely do...1) We checked in at around 5PM; 20 minutes later someone opens the door and walks in, didnt even knock.. she comes in and looks at something and said she just wanted to look at the room map or something like that! .. for real? what if I was naked? or worse doing something else? 2) The place has only valet.. which sounded nice at first, but if you forget something in the car, there is no way to go get it.. and of course you have to go downstairs and wait for your car..3) No coffee machines in the room? After floating in beer all day/night till 5Am, last thing I want to do is dress up and walk around looking for coffee when I get up. .4) So I finally force myself to shower and leave the place; I switch on the "please clean room" light and leave for the day.. get back at 4PM.. the room is still not clean.. So i had to call the service desk and ask for someone to clean it.3) Since the lady was cleaning the roomwe go to the pool.. but when we get there, the pool is closed ! at 410PM!!! are you serious? they closed the pool at 4PM...And that was the whole reason we booked a room at this place..4) But the worst of all this is, even though it looks like its right next to the strip, its hard to get to from the strip. Mainly because they dont have directions anywhere , even inside Aria, and since they dont have a casino or any restaurants in Vdara, you are forced to go looking for places.. Overall, even though the rooms are super cool, staying here was a very painful experience. I give it only one star, and I will NEVER stay here again.. Now I know why I love Venetian !!  cant wait to go back there..
4	I decided to book a stay at Vdara for a mini vacation. They had a promotion going for about $109 per night on the weekdays plus a $50 daily resort credit. I was sold... The good:- They are located right in the middle of the strip. Bellagio, Aria and Caesar Palace are all a short walking distance from the Vdara. They have a free tram that takes you to Monte Carlo if you decide to venture out towards that direction- Customer service was awesome. Staff was courteous and quick. They always addressed me by my last name, which I found a bit weird at first but i quickly grew fond of it and it made me feel like someone important. - In room dining was quick and the presentation of the food was nice. The person that brought our food arrived in less than 20 minutes and he actually set up all the plates and utensils for us. On-top of that, he also brought a vase with roses in them... brownie points. - The hotel room itself was clean and spacious. - It's a non-smoking hotel so none of that smoggy cigarette filled air.The bad:- Valet parking only. No self-park.- No casino.- One eatery and one bar located inside the hotel.Overall, I had a great experience. I would recommend the fountain-view room over the city-view room because you get to watch the Bellagio water show and you also get a nice view of the Vegas strip. I would definitely come back again.
5	I normally stay at the Venetian but my family & I stayed at Vdara for Halloween weekend & I never want to stay anywhere else in Vegas.  For a family this is great, all of the rooms are suites so you have a kitchen area, living room and bedroom.  We had the cheapest suite and that still had mini fridge that helped us w/groceries over the weekend.It's a nonsmoking hotel & there's no casino so if you're going to be busy doing other things while in Vegas, stay here!  You're just walking distance from the Aria, Cosmo and the Bellagio but if you want to get across the street, where there's a ton of things to do, you'll need to walk a ways to a crosswalk.Most complaints are pretty true, parking and the check-in/check-out.  Parking is valet only at Vdara so you may have to wait a bit during peak hours but the parking is free, you'll just need to tip the valet.  We were lucky that the check-in didn't take too long but since we had two rooms, I was only able to check-out of one of our rooms directly from our room's TV.  Not sure if this is a regular thing but when we were checking-out, there was a woman standing there that would take our info, our room # and took my email address so that they guestfolio could be mailed to me.  If there seems to be an employee hovering around the check-out line see if that's what they're doing so you can get out quicker!
5	Very clean and modern. Awesome that entire hotel is non-smoking. Also no casino but very close to others. Bathroom is really nice with big soaking tub. Great view. Comfy king bed. 2 flat screens. Microwave, small fridge and 2 burner kitchenette (we didn't use) nice staff and close to Aria and The Cosmopolitan. Stayed on the 30th floor and had a great view. Pool is super cool with lots of cabanas and day beds. Nice gym too. All the other hotels seem old and stink like smoke in comparison.
4	I'm beginning to like staying at non-gaming and non-smoking hotels in Vegas. I've stayed at the Platinum Hotel (off the strip) and now here at Vdara, which offers a complete opposite experience from your standard hotel on the strip: NO casino = NO blaring sounds/jarring lights upon enteringNO clubs = NO gathering of drunk and loud  d*bags or beezys stumbling about  NO smoking = NO cigarette/cigar stank and NO secondhand smokeThe rooms are all mini suites that come included with a combined mini kitchen & dining area.  Our kitchen consisted of a microwave, mini fridge, and plenty of cupboard space (cookware is available upon request).  Our dining area consisted of a table and 4 chairs. Our main room had separate sleeping and sitting areas.  A dividing wall, with dual flat screen tvs on either side, separated the areas from each other. The bathroom was nice and big with a nice sized and deep bathtub.  There was only one sink and the shower was average sized.  Our bed was nice and big and the pillows...OMG the pillows! If I could, I would've smuggled a set back home. The pillows were a nice size with just the right amount of softness and firmness. We had a expansive wall sized window view of the rear of Bellagio. The shades are controlled by a switch in the kitchen (odd) and only in the mornings did me and my boyfriend realize that the "blackout" option for the shades still allowed a "nice" stream of light to get into our room: not good after a long day and night of galavanting around Vegas -_-**Access to and from the surrounding hotels is pretty easy**:-The rear entrance of Aria shares a roundabout with the front entrance of Vdara. Its about a 2 minute walk using the outdoor and uncovered roundabout walkway to and from Aria. We made this walk multiple times during our recent stay since Aria is the closest hotel with a casino and restaurants.-The Bellagio is accessible directly from Vdara using an outdoor covered walkway. The walk is a bit longer with not much sightseeing along the way but it definitely beats having to take a taxi OR walking along the strip among a mass of random people-The Cosmopolitan is accessible from Vdara and while the walk isn't too bad, we had to go outside and take a set of stairs, a few feet away from the Vdara entrance, to the street level to get to the Cosmo.  But we didn't have to go out onto the strip at all. The walk to the Cosmo is bit longer than the walk to Aria, but definitely shorter than the walk to Bellagio.  The hotel decor has a modern edge yet serene vibe to it. The main floor consists of "Market Cafe Vdara" the only place in the hotel to get food, drink, groceries, etc; a swanky lounge barl; the front desk; and the main lobby that offered plenty of comfy seating, located near the guest elevators. I probably wouldn't have stayed at Vdara if it hadn't been for the Expedia package I was able to get: $350/person (taxes and fees already included) for our hotel stay and flight from Friday-Monday.  After experiencing what Vdara has to offer, I'd definitely come back :)
5	This place is AMAZING!!!! The rooms are gorgeous and the service is impeccable.  I love the fact its a non gaming and non smoking hotel.  It feels good go down the elevator and the first thing you smell is cigar or cigarette smoke.  The rooms are all suites and its very spacious. The views are amazing and its a hop, skip and a jump from the Cosmopolitan and the Aria.  The have free WiFi and did i say AMAZING??  I think this hotel will be my go to hotel from now on when I go to Vegas.
4	I stayed at the Vdara in a regular suite as well as the city center corner suite. This hotel is beautiful, very modern yet close to futuristic. What is nice about Vdara is that there is no casino you need to force yourself through, so it's great for families or for those who are terrible gamblers. It's a nonsmoking hotel, too, so yay for clean air! The suites are super trendy and nice, and the full length windows show you the beauty of Las Vegas. It's a great experience staying here but does kind of lack that Vegas vibe.There's always pretty good deals and sales, if you visit their website or sign up for their newsletter, they'll give you discount codes.
5	Once you stay at the Vdara, you learn to appreciate non-gaming, non-smoking and less rowdy hotels in Las Vegas more. It was a peaceful hotel with a contemporary look and feel. The rooms were wonderful. The bathroom was even better. It was  large and clean. Everything looked new. The rooms came with these amazing robes. It was high quality material and felt so good against the skin. I didn't want to take it off! The room I stayed in had a comfortable king size bed, with high quality linen. There were two TVs, one in the bedroom area and one in the living room area. I liked the fact that they provide you with the auxiliary cord to connect your Ipod to the TV. Room service was prompt. Every time we called for something, it came quickly. The staff were extremely nice and helpful. The location is nice because you can walk to the two newest hotels in Vegas, Cosmo and Aria. You can also walk to Bellagio and a bunch of older hotels as well. Just like most hotels in Vegas, the Vdara is so big, you can easily get lost in there. The pool was tranquil. The music wasn't loud and it was just perfect to relax. Only problem with Vdara is that the entrance is kind of confusing and hard to locate. If you're unfamiliar with the new City Center. If you are driving, then it is likely you'll have a hard time finding the entrance, even if you have it in your GPS.
5	My boyfriend and I stayed here on a Thursday and I fell in love with this place.If you want an early check in, the earliest they have it is at 8:00am and it's complimentary!The entrance is pretty simple to find, it's right next to the cosmo.  Parking is only Valet but it's def worth it since they find your car in about 2-3 minutes.  As soon as we got there, we felt welcomed.  All the staff is really nice and helpful.There were only 2 staff at the check in so it took us about 5 - 10 minutes to get helped but it was worth the wait.  The casino smelled cleaned and new since it is a non smoking and non gambling casino. The check in and elevators are right near each other so you don't have to go crazy trying to find both like the Venetian.We upgraded our room for $20 more to a City Corner Suite on the 46th floor and my oh my was it worth every penny.  I hate elevators because some feel like they're about to break but the elevators here are so smooth that you don't even feel like your moving. Our suite was HUGE with a BEAUTIFUL view!  We could see the strip, the bellagio fountains and all the back side too.  The whole suite just wrapped around with windows with beautiful views.  They have 2 restrooms, a kitchen table, full kitchen with huge refrigerator, (the microwave is also an oven)  we took a pizza and cooked it (yummy)  living room was cute and comfy, the bedroom was spacious with the bed that felt like if you were floating on a cloud.  The main restroom had a nice big tub for 2 people with 2 separate sinks, toilet and shower.  Just lift the curtains up and relax on the tub for an amazing view of the strip :)The decor was absolutely amazing, the color, the structure.  Amazing.  I would love a home like this one day and I also hope to stay at this hotel more often because it def blew me away :)
4	This was my staging ground for the epic fail Rock and Roll Las Vegas 1/2 Marathon on 12/4/2011. Big ups to fellow Yelper Hideki K. for securing this room via Jetsetter. We had 6 people rooming up in this spacious corner suite with 2 beds. We were on the 35th floor with gorgeous views of the Rio in the distance. Luckily for me, my room mates were quite the partiers and clubbers, so I got to sleep in one of the beds for both nights I was there.The Vdara hotel was as amazing as it is. Its quite sqanky as it was luxurious. Its connected to the Bellagio, so you can manuevor in between the hotels. There is the tram to go to the Monte Carlo from the Vdara, so that was a free option for me. I learned the hard way, when I had to spend $15 to go from the Vdara to the Mandalay Bay, when I could've did the trams from Vdara to Monte Carlo, walk to Excalibur and take the tram to Mandalay Bay. Ugh. I guess that's the price for being fast.The Vdara's lobby was pretty classy, but normal for Vegas, as it was supposed to be as large and exquisite as it gets. I haven't seen the casino yet at the Vdara, so I can't comment on that. Do they have a casino? LoL. But yeah, it was a nice, posh property to be in. Recommended totally!!!
5	I had booked a Panoramic Suite at Vdara to have a little birthday party there with my friends last month.  When my fiance and I were at the front desk, we received excellent service!  Our agent was very nice.  He asked if were having a party because  he noticed we were carrying a lot of stuff and we said we were here to celebrate my birthday.  He said since we were just staying one night, he upgraded our suite to the 1 Bedroom Penthouse Suite with a better view of the Strip!  I definitely was fine with taking that upgrade!I've seen enough Las Vegas hotel suites to say that Vdara suite is my top favorite.  I was impressed with the modern decor, the comfortable bed, the spaciousness (it was spacious enough for the 20 people who were in my suite), and the view of the Strip!If I ever plan to have a staycation, I'll come back to Vdara for sure :)
2	Pros:Beautiful roomsReal close to the BellagioCons:Pathetic help:  from front desk to housekeeping to pool help. Something is real wrong with HR. A MAJOR HIKE to the Strip, or anywhere except the Bellagio. Nothing to do there except hang out in the  beautiful room.
5	Booked the Penthouse and all i can say is....WOW!!!!The panoramic view of the strip from the corner Penthouse was breathtaking and the spacious rooms were elegant, modern & clean.  The beds you ask? Nice and firm, just the way i like it! Flat screens in every room. What's next? the toilet? lolOh, and the fully automated shades and daily "turn down" service was pretty impressive, too!  Throughout my weekend stay, service was on point and the hotel staff didn't miss a beat.  Even on my last day, they provided complimentary limousine service to the airport!  Very swank.My only complaint would be that my darn ears kept popping as I rapidly ascended the elevator to the 54th floor.  But hey the view from that soaring height was worth a few annoying pops in my ear and luckily after a couple of days, i adjusted ;)  The spa at the hotel was also clean, contemporary and most importantly, relaxing. They had all the facilities i've come to expect from a fine resort hotel spa (i.e. TV lounge with refreshments, expansive fitness room, jacuzzi & whirlpool, steam room, and sauna.  Located inside the newly built City Center, this smoke free & eco-friendly hotel is within walking distance to all the local hotspots, dining, and entertainment on the main strip.If you're looking for a relaxing recovery after a night of complete decadence, this just might be your ticket to paradise.Happy Times!
3	This place was ok as a hotel but for the price the rooms were too small and you had better be comfortable with the person you are sharing the room with because the bathroom door slides and didn't shut all the way and was right next to the bed so everyone in the room can hear EVERYTHING you are doing in there! Also if you stand too close to the frosted glass door everyone can see you. There's also not enough choices for food but the Aria is close enough to use their restaurants. The bed is super comfortable but I probably wouldn't return.
4	A nice hotel a stone's throw away from the Strip. We liked the fact that they didn't have a casino on the premises, but still was close to the action - an indoor walkway to Bellagio.Our suite had a full kitchen, but no utensils, and not even a coffee maker...The rooms were neatly decorated, though.
5	Wow this hotel is beyond amazing. I don't see why there would be any bad reviews for this hotel. Vdara is a very upscale hotel with excellent customer service. I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights and I really didn't want to ever check out. You must keep in mind that this hotel is simple so no casino or clubs. It's fairly quite here but if your looking for some excitement then go right over to Cosmo hotel or Aria hotel. Both hotels are super close. My friends and I came to Vegas for my friend's 21st birthday and at first we reserved a one bed room suite with one king bed and a pull out sofia bed. Since it was four of us we thought that was perfect. But we got there and they upgraded up to the Hospitality Suite which is a two bed penthouse for FREE! We walked in and was in heaven. Everything was so elegant and classy. Very modern and upscale. Our penthouse was huge about 1,300 square feet with two master bed rooms with 2 bathroom and 1 restroom for guests. We had a living with a 42" flat screen tv. A fully equipped gourmet kitchen with a dish washer. We had a washer and dryer and iron with iron board. Nice robes and slippers for all of us. The water here is so fresh that you'll probably never drink arrow head water again LOL. Each room had a 42" flat screen tv while the restrooms had a 13" flat screen tv and countless channels. The showers had glass doors and a sitting area inside. The tub was huge and was perfect for soaking. The views in the living and bed rooms were incredible. Their were king beds in both rooms and nice fluffy pillows. There service is a little slow and I don't mean in time LOL. We called the front for a sharp knife and after it was confirmed that they were going to bring it, they kept calling to ask if we needed anything else :-/ like no we're fine. & then we came back from the mall and took a nap and house keeping came in our room and woke my friend up to ask if she needed anything LOL. When my friend told me this I was in tears! So funny but scary as well. That's all I can think of as far as the hotel go and customer service. We had one friend who was staying in another penthouse here and his layout was a little different then ours but still nice. The penthouse is good for having guest over. We had some drinks at our friend's penthouse and we met some other guest here who were awesome and we had drinks and room service over there. We didn't get back to our penthouse till 6:30am it was that much fun here.Overall Vdara was an amazing hotel and now that I know this for a fact I can never go back to those little hotels off the strip like I use to do. This place is too beautiful and we had a blast here!! I will be back for the next trip to Vegas :)
5	Stayed here for three nights during the week prior to Thanksgiving and we absolutely will be back. Front desk to housekeeping staff were all courteous and more than helpful. The scent in this hotel is incredible. It is subtle and smells so fresh. As many others have mentioned, since there is no casino and no smoking on site, it is wonderful to walk into this place. They let you know upfront that if you are smoking on site they charge a $250 fee (fine). They have a nice little bar available right by the front entry and a little deli that offers bagels, sandwiches, etc.  The rooms were only exceeded by those at Encore. Very nicely designed, electric shades, bed and pillows...oh my God! Nice little kitchenette, even though we didn't really use it. We arrived at the hotel at 10am on a Saturday and they had a room available on the 8th floor, but she offered to put us into a handicap accessible room on the 21st floor and we jumped on that. It was essentially the same room with only a few differences; microwave and bed were a little closer to the floor and the shower had some alterations. Minor issue with the shower not having a shower curtain, but it was brought up to us by housekeeping. They were also going to bring up a liner for the curtain, but we never received it, not that we cared. Some have complained about the distance to the strip, however, we thought it was perfectly situated. Aria is right next door and the back entrance to the Cosmo is about  1/2 a block away. Will definitely stay here again. We are returning in February and are being comped at Paris. I know we will be missing Vdara.
4	Vdara is a nice and clean hotel.  I give it 4 stars since the rooms and room service is good.  But 3 stars on everything else.  First off there is no gaming so there is nothing here to do.  They have 1 market that is really expensive.  $5 for powerade, $3 water.  It's best you get these things before you come here.  They have 1 bar.  There is really nothing here.  It gets pretty boring and to go to something you have to walk to Aria.  I tried walking to Cosmopolitan and that took forever... next time I'll just take a cab.  LOL.
5	what barney stinson (from how i met your mother)'s suite in vegas would look like! rooms are brand spankin new as the place just opened up in 2009-2010? elevators are pretty fast and you get the whole "whoosh" feeling as you go up hahaha. hotel doesn't have a casino or anything, but it's not like you need an actual slot machine in your room! or do you? i actually prefer the rooms here compared to cosmo, as it's just as modern and a lot more spacious/bang for your buck. you really don't miss out on much either as aria/cosmo/marquee are a 5 min walk and there's a shuttle to bellagio hahaha.be careful with the locks on the bathroom though, i once trapped myself inside for almost an hour. without my phone!  lol
5	Excellent service and suites are exquisite. Best part about it for me is there is no smoking and gambling so you don't have to worry about cigarette smoke in your lungs and on your clothes. All valet parking makes it easier as well.
4	After staying at a few hotels in Vegas, I got to say Vdara is now one of my favourites!!I liked their non-trippy decor. The simple clean design and suites were great! I loved the beds n pillows but the other half thought the beds were strange and too soft (to each his own).Check in was a breeze. Jordan helped us and was great! Efficient and had a great personality. Our experience with the rest of the service staff was stellar (altho SIL did not have the same, she waited 1/2 hour for her luggage because the guy that helped them  took their ticket and forgot about them!!!)I appreciate the Cafe at the lobby that has GREAT coffee. They sell some basic groceries and all the suites have a stove top so one could cook breakfast or a late night snack! Pans and all types of kitchen ware can be requested~The downside is the $20 resort fee and the fact that they dont have their own casino. But w the Aria casino, it is not too much of an issue (unlike Trump).
3	3.5 stars...Yelp where are the 1/2 stars!!!!!!!!Totally agree with a bunch of the other reviewers that the wonderful fresh smell of the lobby and throughout the hotel is a welcome change from the hotel/casinos around.  The front desk was great and got us a wonderful upgrade.  Minor glitch was that we checked in early and our first room was still being cleaned but they quickly reassigned us to an even better room!  Our room on the 48th floor had an awesome view of the strip and the water fountains at Bellagio.The actual rooms are nice but there are a bunch of minor complaints that I have!  I think it's silly that they don't leave robes and that they just leave you a note that says you can request for robes and slippers.  How does a 4 diamond hotel not provide robes and slippers, especially since many of their guests are Asian, slippers are a must!  Also, what's the point of a kitchen if you don't leave at least a pot and some basic plates and cutlery.  The one plus is that their housekeeping is super fast and we got everything that we requested fairly quickly.  You pay a $20 daily resort fee which includes wifi in the room.  The wifi was pretty fast.  Oh I wish that the market store was open later so that we could pick up random snacks at any time. Our spa experience had a couple hiccups but overall I think the spa is not bad.  We were booked for a couples facial and I guess one of the aestheticism was out sick and without informing us they split up our appointment.  So while we were each in our respective spa areas they tried to rush my other half into his facial without telling me.  Luckily my other half is good at complaining and worked everything out and rescheduled us for the next day...secretly I think he was just afraid to get his first facial without me there =).  So we got to use the spa facilities twice.  The facilities aren't large but I think quite nice - all Aveda products for use.  They even gave us a 20% discount on our services for all the troubles.All in all Vdara is a nice hotel but I'm not totally sure I'd go back again.  I kind of miss hearing the hustle and bustle of a casino when I walk out of the elevators!
4	The Vdara is a nice change from all the casino/resort hotels on the strip. Tucked away in City Center, it is easily accessible, but feels like its in a world by itself. The rooms are nice (clear and modern with great in-room technology).The pool area can get super crowded and the 'smoothie bar' is a counter with prepackaged smoothie mixes. However, the staff is wonderful, location is superb, and the direct connection to the Bellagio is super convenient.
2	Rooms are big and views from the upper floors can be stunning. A few things need to be changed, though. Called for extra sheets and it took more than 30 minutes for housekeeping to come up. The water pressure in the shower was poor and for a place that wants to market itself as a high end hotel, this is not acceptable. There is a $22.40 resort fee every day, which includes WiFi so I guess I paid $22.40 for WiFi daily. The exterior already had broken glass/plastic on the floor above us that we could see from the window. The sofa bed is not comfortable.Check-in was easy as was check-out. There is no casino, which can be either good or bad depending on your personal preferences. Also there isn't really a restaurant but the deli does sell bottled drinks and alcohol. If you want to walk to another casino, you can walk mostly indoors to the Bellagio, which is a plus, but if you want to go to the Cosmopolitan, you have to walk outside and down the stairs then across the driveway leading to the hotel. All in all it was fine but I don't think I would stay again.
4	Vdara is a nice quiet place to stay, away from the hustle and bustle.  The valet was great and super fast.  There were no crowds and plenty of taxis.  The room was very large and had a good view of the Bellagio fountains and pools.  At night, it was great to see the fountain show every 15 minutes.  The kitchenette was cute and I wish I had brought a frozen tv dinner just to use the microwave/convection oven.
4	Vdara is an annoying name... people keep thinking you are saying 'Dara'.  I'm sorry what, you're staying at Dara?  No Vuuuhh--dara!  Vuuuuuuuuuuuhhh!!!!!Anyway, Vuuhhdara is a decent place to stay if you want to stay in a more quiet hotel with newer rooms.  It is a short walk to the Aria and Bellagio casinos, and a slightly longer walk to Monte Carlo and Cosmopolitan.  The only nearby food is overpriced, typifying the nickel-and-dime-ing you see so much of in Vegas lately.  You'll have to go to the food court in Monte Carlo or the Planet Hollywood mall across the street to find something cheap.The Parking situation is not great; you either can valet or self park at Bellagio or Aria and have a long walk.Service is ok.  The check in guy seemed so bored he forgot he asked me how my trip was, and asked me again half-way through checking me in.  They usually will let you upgrade to a bigger room if you book a smaller one, though not necessarily for free.  Didn't try the $20 trick so not sure what that will get you.  Housekeeping seemed to follow the do-not-disturb / please disturb signals exactly... I never heard or saw them, but when we left and came back, the room was cleaned.Do search for discount codes through http://www.lasvegasadvisor.com/ or something similar when you book.  I got 2 free buffets and a lower rate than the normal one advertised.
4	Yay! I'm a fan!Upsides:-Nonsmoking. It was perfect since I was in Vegas celebrating our anniversary and was on the tail end of a cold. The air here was still super dry but housekeeping was nice enough to send up a humidifier for me.-Service was prompt! We checked in super early and they told us to eat lunch and come back so by 1PM we already had a lovely suite to hang out in.-Clean! Cleanliness is super important.... and the carpets in the room and the bathrooms were uber clean. I think CSI and their black light would be impressed.-Free Valet! Don't forget to tip the guys!Downsides:-Valet department couldn't find our car = 15 minute wait while the guy drove around the parking structure in someone else's car looking for our car.-Only one "snackbar/grocery" + bar instead of a full fledged restaurant-Stupid roundabout circular driveway was confusing since the signs sucked!!-Only one sink. SERIOUSLY!? They have this huge counter space and only one sink. All the other resorts I've stayed at had at least two sinks!!! I know.... something small to gripe about but I tend to take over an entire sink and I don't like sharing. I'm an only child.Sign up for the MGM rewards card... they'll send you lots of hotel rates that are on sale. We got this for $120 a night plus $20 dollars of resort credit. We used it on buying chocolate covered strawberries and a lox bagel downstairs.Check out was a breeze and we were happy and well rested.
4	This was our first time staying at this hotel and we were pleasantly surprised. The rooms were VERY nice and quite modern in the decor. The bed was amazing and we already miss the pillows. Only drawbacks was the check in process which was unbelievably slow.  We felt like the hotel desk attendants could have been friendlier, moved a little faster and been  more apologetic for the wait. Otherwise, great location....close to the Aria, Bellagio, Planet Hollywood and Cosmopolitan hotels. Also nice if you happen to be traveling with a family as the rooms include a small kitchenette with a stove, ,microwave and fridge.
5	solid 5 stars.lodged in the 50th floor with a sick view of the las vegas strip. loved the modern decor, & our room even had its own kitchen! the only downside to it is the ventilation for it kinda sucked (no range hood).the room reminded me of a mini studio! the room even supplied an aux wire for our mp3 player.beware: the hotel does charge an additional resort fee (gym, wifi, internet, etc.), which was fine with me, my boyfriend was here for a business trip, so the internet was a necessity.also, i loved that the hotel did not have a casino at the verrry bottom, which cleared up my nose (:tip: if you valet your car, you can call from your room to have the valet boy fetch your car (=
4	4 STARS just because the "housekeeping" service was a little messed up, and the shower that was very low pressure.It was a 4 night stay and even the light for "cleaning" where on, they didn't showed up for 2 days.Anyways..The place it's amazing! Love it! Will definitely go back, great view, great smell, organized, great storage, clean bathroom, and no casino! Wich for me was great, feels like home after the "craziness" of Vegas.Oh, also, the little cafe in front of the entrance has a AMAZING burger! A must have!
2	This hotel feels a bit like they were in a hurry to finish it up. 2.5 starsThings I liked were : No casino in hotel. No lines at check in the night we arrived. Over all calm at the hotel. Close to Bellagio, Aria, and Cosmopolitan. House keeping, when they showed up, did a great job. Also when we called for anything it came up right away. Of course, the main reason the price (regular nights). Things that made this place get the poor review:Too loud music in the lobby the night we arrived. No slippers or bathrobes in the "suite".  The black out blinds had  2 inch gaps, making them not black out blinds. Sofa bed length was too big for the "living room" space. The sofa bed mattress was unusable making the room not as advertised four person accommodations. Which normally we would not have had people share that kind of space but it was New Years and last minute so there you have it.  Small area in bathroom and one sink. Kitchen and entry area were rather large areas and wasted space, they could have used in any other area. Closet area was small and had weird placement of small safe. The room felt compressed and New York sized. Very few food options, especially after 7 PM.  My phone never worked while there and no ipod deck in room.
5	Stayed here for the New Years weekend and it was AMAZING! We stayed in a 2 bedroom suite on the corner of the 54th floor and everything was spectacular! The room was gorgeous and the views from every single room were out of this world. Everything was beautiful, super comfortable and all staff encountered were friendly and helpful. I didn't want to come home and for me after a bender of a weekend in Vegas I usually can't wait to go home! The Vdara was so kick ass I just didn't want to leave. I wish the pool was a bit larger but then again we never found the time to go swimming anyway. Thanks Vdara for a memorable weekend!Might I add that our room included limo transports to and from the airport. 4 trips total. Awesomeness
4	I would definitely stay here again! Me and my husband stayed here for 3 nights during thanksgiving. We got a special promotion with 2 free breakfast buffet so it was pretty nice and not that expensive compare to other hotels on the strip. What I love most about this hotel is the fact it doesn't have a casino in the lobby. It's kind of refreshing no to have to go through a casino to go to your room...We got a deluxe suite which had a really nice view and was quite big.My only complaint with this hotel is the cleaning system. There was a light next to the door that you could change in order to have your room cleaned (green light) or if you didn't want to be disturb (red light). We actually didn't really notice the light until we arrive at 7pm one day and the room was not clean. It was not us who change the light to red as we didn't even know... We called the reception and someone came right away to clean the room but still it was kind of frustrating....I guess next time I will have to pay more attention in these kind of new modern hotels....
4	I'm not gonna lie--this is the first time I've spent more than $100/night at a hotel in Vegas. I can't compare this to the Trump, Wynn, or Bellagio. Since my Vegas standards are so low, I love this hotel!You're first greeted by the valet guys. No self-park, just valet. I don't know what's wrong with some of you, but valet is awesome! I don't want to walk a mile in a stuffy (and for half the year 120 degrees) parking garage.  (And yet, I'm THAT person who won't let housekeeping touch my room, hah.)Then, you enter the hotel and immediately notice..hey! No smoke..no casino. The lobby smells incredible and is much appreciated after walking through other hotels/casinos.The rooms are large and equipped with practically a full kitchen--sink, two burner stove, mini fridge, kitchen table, etc.  According to others you have to ask for dinnerware, but I didn't check to confirm (who cooks in Vegas??).  We had two TVs, one facing the bed and one facing the couch.  Speaking of the bed...SOOO comfy!  Loved it.The reason I didn't give it five stars is I have a couple minor complaints.  The water pressure in the shower is a joke.  Ladies, be prepared to be washing your hair for a loooong time.  Also?  The bar of soap kind of sucks and smells bad, too.  The room also didn't have a hair dryer in it.  I'm sure I could have requested one, but I didn't have time for that.  The vanity mirror in our room was broken and the lights didn't work, making it slightly more difficult to do my makeup.  And last, but not least, our room clock was like 6 hours off.  I'd think housekeeping would reset the clock when turning over the room, but guess not.  Not a huge deal, but worth mentioning why I can't afford this great hotel a five star review.Now back to the good stuff.  When you retrieve your car from valet, they ask you if you need directions.  I thought that was pretty cool.  They also offer free water at the valet station.Overall, I loved this hotel and can't wait to stay again.  It's nice to have a quieter, non-smoking hotel to come back to after a long day on the strip.
1	The Vdara Hotel pool is open only from 9am to 4pm.  This makes it useless for business people, who are not at the hotel during these hours, as well as for tourists, who also may be out shopping during the day.  Additionally, they tack a $20/day Resort Fee onto your bill, supposedly to pay for the bottled water in your room.  Really, for a 5 star hotel this is a bit tacky.
4	A beautiful place to stay if you are looking for great rates, great service, and a little bit of quiet time.  Vdara is one of the 'greener' hotels that offers spa treatments instead of casinos.  A nice break to have from time to time, or if you're coming with someone special and you just want to relax.  The Aria is right next door, and there is convenient tram service at the front door.  Suites are huge and very modern.  We were able to cram 8 people into one of the Vdara suites with no problem.  Almost all the high tier suites offer a breathtaking view.  I won't hesitate to come here again, since the square footage is about the same as PH Westgate but the price advantage really makes it better.
4	We decided to book here for our weekend getaway in Vegas and I have to say I'm pleasantly surprised with the overall experience. Especially after all the mixed reviews of this place on Yelp, I was a bit wary of spending 3 nights here instead of our usual choice. Yes, it is valet parking only when you arrive so unless you plan on self parking over at Aria next door and walking all your luggage over yourself just shell out the $2/$3 and tip the guys. We chose to walk the strip whenever we left our hotel so our car ended up staying put in valet all weekend until checkout. The check in was accompanied with really good service and speed. We got an upgraded room on the 51st floor with a corner view suite by asking.  For such a high floor their elevators are quick! In no time we were in our rooms and checking out the city views throughout the room. The whole suite was immaculately clean with a small kitchen and dining area, washing and drying unit, and a huge bathroom with a separate vanity area. During the course of our stay, housekeeping visited everyday at the same time without having to request, which was nice. We had some friends over in our suite one night and our door was accidentally left open and security arrived to check to make sure our room was ok because they were alerted it was open. That's a plus to know they're actually monitoring this place and our rooms. So the only downside on my behalf is the lame resort fee that includes two bottles of water, wifi, and access to their fitness center which we didn't make use of. Oh and their market cafe was ridiculously overpriced.
3	Hotel:  The Vdara is a non-smoking facility!  Excellent!  For this reason alone, they will have my business during future visits to Las Vegas.City Corner Suite / 24th Floor:  Outstanding!  The largest, best appointed hotel I have had the pleasure of staying in. Fantastic view of the Bellagio Fountains.  Our floor had an excellent view, but higher floors would be even more dramatic.Amenities:  Full Kitchen: with four burner electric cook-top, full size refrigerator, Kuerig coffee maker, sink with garbage disposal and dishwasher.  There is a washer / dryer in the hallway.  The dryer was not vented properly and essentially did not work properly.  Note:  You can call the front desk for laundry soap and they will bring it up to your room.  They will also bring cooking equipment if you request it.Living Room with sleeper sofa and 42" flatscreen TV.  Note, there is an A/V panel in the cabnet below the living room TV.  This will allow you to hook up your digital devices to the TV via HDMI or RCA cables.  Dressing Room with large closet, safe and a dressing table / mirror.Bathroom with a huge soaker tub and shower with glass surround.  Bedroom with 42" flatscreen TV and a king size bed.  The reception for the TV was excellent.Location:  Set off the strip to the south of Bellagio.  There is a wonky tram that runs from the Bellagio to the Crystals shopping center, but you essentially have to walk from Vdara to Bellagio to board the tram.  Like most things in Vegas, the idea of the tram is excellent, but the execution falls short.Vdara is also across the street from The Cosmopolitan.  It is a somewhat confusing walk to get to this casino, even though it is next door.Service / House Keeping:  The service fails to live up to the fantastic facilities at this hotel.  The front desk was not especially friendly during check-in and not responsive to our requests for room service.  Keep in mind there is a steep $20/Day resort fee.  The service is why my rating is no higher than three stars. When we arrived there were hand prints on the windows and spots on the tile floors.  Most of this dirt stayed with us for our 4 night stay.  We also had issues with housekeeping not providing refills for our Kuerig coffee machine.  We had to track down housekeepers on our floor and ask for more packs of caffeinated coffee.  Price:  We had a fantastic price for our room ~$120 / night + fees.  We would definitely go back.  All rooms are suites and we did see a smaller room.  It did not have a separate kitchen / living room and it does not have a the washer / dryer.
5	Vdara Hotel & Spa ... where do I begin?  My Husband and I spent 4 glorious days at Vdara!  We were there from January 2 - 6, 2012.  Check in was quick and easy.  We made our reservations through Expedia and got an amazing deal for room and airfare.  Basically we only paid for airfare from Seattle and the room was free.  So we decided to upgrade our room from a deluxe room to a corner suite.     I don't want to go it to the specifics but I was not happy with our room.  I called down to the front desk and they told us they would get us a better room if we were willing to wait 2-3 hours (allowing us to use the current room until the other was available).  We were upgraded to an Executive corner suite and given a $50.00 room credit.  I was quite surprised by their generosity.  I was just expecting another room like the one we booked.  WOW!  Our room was SWEET!  It had a partial view of the Bellagio fountains.  The living room, bedroom and bathroom all had AMAZING views!  This suite had 2 bathrooms, 2 large flat screen tv's, washer and dryer, full kitchen, etc. I also have to mention that all of the windows have automatic shades ... it's pretty sweet.  Oh BTW - if you plan on cooking any food there is not a full-size oven in the kitchen.  However there is a microwave with a convection oven.  Housekeeping was PERFECT!!  My Husband and I stayed out until at least 3:00 a.m. every night and we didn't leave our room until 3:00 p.m. every day.  Housekeeping came every day after we left and cleaned the room really good.  We have stayed at many hotels and I felt that housekeeping went above and beyond to make sure everything was perfect when we returned to our room.The one thing we really loved about Vdara ... no casino!  It was so nice to walk directly into the hotel and not have to walk through the smoky casino maze to find our room.  Our favorite casino to gamble was at the Cosmopolitan.  The Cosmopolitan and Aria both have casinos and they are a very short walk from Vdara.  I would highly recommend Vdara!  My Husband and I usually take a trip to Vegas once a year, next year we will either stay at Vdara or the Cosmopolitan!
4	I have stayed at the Vdara twice and have found it a wonderful place to stay while in Las Vegas.  It is not your typical Las Vegas strip hotel in that there is no casino.  This means a couple of things: 1) you can keep more of your hard earned money and 2) there won't be a ton of random people walking through the hotel which makes getting cab at night easier.  It's location in City Center is ideal if you like shopping.  And it's close proximity to The Bellagio and Cosmopolitan put you right next to a couple of great hotel/casino situations.The rooms are well appointed, albeit a bit dark at night.  The staff are always helpful and friendly with additional security by the elevators.  I've had nothing but great experiences in this hotel.
4	This place has quickly become my go-to suite hotel to stay in while I'm in Vegas.Get the corner suite if you can, the view is awesome.in-room keurig is a nice touch.Keep in mind there's no casino here.  Strictly rooms, suites and a few bars.  The walk to Aria, Crystals and Bellagio is close enough to walk to quickly.Will return for SEMA/CES.
5	What a remarkable place. City center is amazing! My buddies and I stayed at Vdara for my bachelor party and really enjoyed our stay at the hotel. I knew going in there was no casino or restaurants in the building, but that was fine with the group because weren't big on gambling, and we're not afraid to walk around and find new places to eat. There is also only valet, and no self-parking like other hotels...heads up! If I remember right, my friend said the valet was free for guests.After being hungover from the night before, we arrived pretty early (11am), and luckily 1 of our rooms was ready so we could drop our stuff and seek food. As soon as we walked into the lobby area, we could tell this place was going to be different...no smoking or stale casino air! Instead it smelled great, and new. The front desk service was the best any of us had ever seen. Check in was quick, we were upgraded on that room for free as well. It might have helped we were a bachelor party but nonetheless we were taken care of, which was cool.My best man booked us a City Corner suite w/ an adjoining regular room, and we were very impressed. I had the master bedroom in the main suite, and had the sickest view of city center, all of Bellagio's property including their fountain show and lake, and the wide open area NW and west of the strip (Rio's area)! Literally the entire wall of my room (bathroom included!) was a full-on big window...so cool, especially at night. Also included was a full on kitchen (no plates or silverware) w/ Keurig coffee maker (nice touch), 4 flat screens, nice amenities, and full all in one media center box (which was good because they didn't have any ipod docking stations, but could hook up to this and play through the flat screen). The bathrooms were the nicest I had experienced in Vegas. The concierge was amazing as well with very friendly and humorous service, as we got some help w/ club info and other details. The only thing I would say that was kind of weird, was they tacked on a "Resort Fee" (?) of $20-ish a day for wi-fi, and phone charges, etc. (my friend told us about it later on). There was absolutely no noise whatsoever...not even a vacuum or talking cleaning crew in the morning, which was nice. There is a small store/market in the lobby that actually had some pretty good sandwiches and snacks. The valet team was great as well. We were all very happy with the stay, experience, and hotel. I'm considering making this my go-to hotel based on the fact it isn't totally insane like casino hotels are, is a smoke-free environment, and it has a great location on the strip.
4	What I liked:I took it because my wife hate cigarette smoke, it's non smoking hotel, good for kids. Hotel rooms are in a modern hi-tech style, look pretty good.My dislikes:There is no restaurant or buffet in the hotel, the closest one is around 10-15 min away (Aria or Crystal). Their web site says it's 2 min walk, it's just not true. Room service is very limited in menu, good maybe for breakfast only. There is kitchenette, but it's pretty useless, there is no kitchen utensils at all, nothing! You can order something calling to room service, but takes for while to deliver it. We waited for 40 min to had wine opener delivered in our room.Pool is pretty small and far from amazing.
5	Aside from its magnificent view (21st floor panoramic room), the service is unbeatable. When we arrived in the room, a coffee was missing (there was supposed to be two in the fridge). We called housekeeping, and they came up within 10 min with 4 coffee refills. Also, because the hotel is smoke-free, the air is fresh, and your clothes won't smell smoky after going down to the lobby. On the last day of our stay, we decided to do laundry so that we would not have to carry a load of dirty clothes back home. We called housekeeping, and they gladly brought up two boxes of laundry powder and fabric softener.As for the location, my only complaint is that Vdara has no indoor connecting pathway to nearby casinos. We went during the middle of winter, so we had to endure strong, gusty winds while wearing teeny tiny dresses and heels outside. But aside from that, I genuinely like the hotel a lot. I would recommend it for those who are looking for a relaxing and calm hotel. If you are seeking for fun/gambling, you can find it in the casinos (Cosmo, Aria, Bellagio) nearby.
4	Great hotel. Great service from the front desk. Have no complaints about the hotel. The only downside is the walk to casinos, though not too bad if you want to go to Aria. Definitely worth the stay.
3	This is the second most luxurious hotel I've stayed in Vegas, right behind the MGM Grand Skylofts.  Located in the City Center, its location absolutely kills the Skylofts which is at the end of strip.  Unfortunately service slightly soured my experience here.The trip started off on a slightly bad foot.  My boys were flying in from New Orleans while I flew in from New York.  Our arrival times were 15 minutes apart.  They arrived first, and the limo service from Vdara rushed them and wouldn't wait for me.  They sent the limo back out to get me, but it ended up being a 30 minute wait.  By that point, I just decided to catch a cab.  Definitely was pretty pissed off the limo driver couldn't wait 15 minutes.  It turned into a 45 minute ordeal and an expensive cab ride.For this last trip, we were able to get a corner two-bedroom penthouse suite.  The rooms are nice.  Amazing views of the mountains, the strip, and The Cosmopolitan Hotel.  Super spacious, clean and modern.  The bedrooms are slightly smallish but overall quite comfortable.  The one downfall is the dreaded hotel iron.  That shit sucks balls.  In-house washer and dryer was pretty money though.As for the Hotel itself, the energy was slightly missing without a casino downstairs, which meant we spent a considerable amount of time walking to Aria.  This wasn't a big deal, but merely noting, if you wanted something a little bit more high energy, this place might not be for you.  Also there aren't any buffets so that meant more walking to get fed.For a room, it's about as good as it gets.  Super comfortable and spacious.  For an experience, there are probably better options on the strip.
4	Always a solid stay. Needed extra blankets: they were delivered within minutes. Needed partial room-service: was accomplished beautifully. Wanted to get on the guest list for a club: The concierge was more than helpful. This is all in addition to having a fantastic room. The location is prime and its uber mellow. There is no casino but the Aria, Cosmopolitan & Bellagio are all a 5 minute walk away. People visit Vegas for many reasons. If you're visiting with a massive group of friends and want to get s***-faced every night, stay elsewhere.
3	Ok so my first real Las Vegas experience....super excited!  What I like about this hotel that it was really clean, our room were really nice, and was very chill since there wasnt a casino in the hotel, and the staff were very accomdating. My biggest grip was that it was not easy access to the strip!  Everytime we went somewhere we had to cab it.  I wouldnt object staying here again but this wouldnt be my first choice!
4	LOVE this hotel. I don't know how it gets bad reviews. service was on point: bell boys were awesome, elevator attendants that check for your key card (aka workers that took our picture every night) awesome, front desk awesome... everything was great!! The hotel is tucked away from the strips main street level so be aware of that. If you cut through aria youll end up at Crystals, don't take the tram bc it just takes too long. Even easier, if you take the elevator outside down to street level you can just cross the street and end up at Cosmo. I don't think many ppl know this hence all the complaints. It really isn't a far walk to anything especially considering that there's no casino to navigate through. The employees were nice enough to let us know tips and tricks! The room: the suite was just like an apartment. Washer/Dryer, filtered water in the fridge, dining area, living space, and really nice bedroom/2 bath. SOOOO FANCY! Three of us slept in the bed and fit comfortably :). Bathtub is a must. I LOVED it! Everything was clean and stocked. We asked for more towels and they were up in less than 15 mins. oh and also the sink space/mirror allowed me and all my girls to get ready at the same time. hooorah for that. Again: NO CASINO. short walk to Aria so don't let that be a deterrant. vibe is classy and quiet. The market cafe closes early for all you late night munchers. I wouldn't give them a great rating based off of their sandwiches, hot chocolate, and cheesecake that I had. walk to ABC and bring stuff to your room.
4	Driving up to the Vdara can be a little confusing.  You really need to pay attention to the signs.  It can get a little crazy.  This hotel smelled incredible.  Whatever they pump in the vents makes you want to walk around inhaling this stuff.   I could not get enough of this good smelling stuff.  Usually when you're in Vegas all you smell is cigarettes, but not in this place.  When we checked in we wanted to see if we could get upgraded to anything and we actually got upgraded to a suite.  Our views were amazing.  Don't know how I'll be able to stay in a regular hotel room again. Keep in mind when you're booking your hotel that this is a hotel only and does not have a casino.  Oh yeah, it's smoke free.  I took off a star only because the hotel is tucked away from the strip.  It makes it difficult to get down to the strip and walking in 5" heels can be a little hard.
4	So we decided to splurge a bit and decided to get the hospitality suite which wasn't like the picture but pretty much described it the same.  Loved the kitchen and its setup.  Loved that there was already ice in the freezer..bonus!   We stayed 3 nights and ordered room service twice.. We ordered enough food to feed 8 people and the bill was less than $100 Not bad.  The food ranged from Kobe sliders to pizza and steak salads.  Great great food.  takes about an hour to get your food tho.  Service is a bit slow but its excellent. The bed was amazing and the bathrooms were great! We fit 8 people in this room and each person slept on a bed... so it was perfect.  The pull out sofa bed mattress looked worn out but i guess it wasn't to bad according to our friends that slept in it. Check in and check out was fast and easy.  Great hotel... no BS with the casino and smoking.. unless your into both.  You can go next door to Aria or Bellagio.  They're connected! VALET IS FREE!! unless you wanna park you own car you need to go to Bellagio and walk to Vdara... seriously..its free!! I would stay here again but probably just a regualr suite this time. =P
3	I'm not surprised this place has a 3.5-star average. A clear step below Wynn/Encore, Bellagio, Cosmo for wow factor. It's very nice.  It's just not that nice. As the review count has piled up I'll limit mine to a few tips in summary of our stay.THE SAGA WITH THE VIEW:Though we booked from an external travel site as a part of a package, don't be misled by the "upgraded view."  Wife booked & added a modest upgrade (additional fee) on the travel site to get a room with a view.  Called right after booking to inquire and/or request a Bellagio fountain view.  Told "No prob, call back on morning of your stay (2 mos later) to confirm."  [You guessed it gentle reader ! ]  Morning of, Desk Agent #1 @ hotel--"you are confirmed for 'pool view,' that is all your reservation guarantees, cannot offer you more."  Wife--"but we don't arrive until midnight."  She is given number for "external reservations agent."Agent #2 --"Sure, no prob, you are confirmed for a Fountain view. Enjoy your stay."Arrive on delayed flight @ 1am Las Vegas time [You guessed it !, dang, you're good, reader!]     Desk Agent:  "So sorry, we could not confirm that preference for your booking. But you do have a pool view!"  [pool view= overlooking taxi pull up of Aria, & if lean face against window, can see pool sitting in its vacant, winter glory.]  Wrapping up the long part:  they did move us to Fountain view on floor #31 (Room 31-008) the next day.  Completely worth the move!  Views= incredible @ a fraction of the price of a Cosmopolitan fountain terrace room.STAFF OTHERWISE:  Elevator guys, business center attendant, doormen, front desk, & taxi stand guy are all very pleasant to deal with.  ROOM LAYOUT & FEATURES:  Other reviews are accurate--bed is comfy, tv is good, bathroom is spacious, in-room art is pleasant. Blackout shades are far from it, but we mostly slept in the 2-9a range, not living la vida loca, so we were ok.HOUSEKEEPING:  Rooms both clean. Daily service was poor. Didn't pick up glasses in room (cough:::carried over from another resort); left us without a single hand towel when making up room after Day #2. Wife called requesting turndown service on Day #1 @630 pm, told "sorry, need to request before 5" !!SHOWERHEADS:  Oh yes, believe those other reviews.  This place boasts its "green" qualifications.  Why would anyone think they would stop short of small-capacity toilets, and restrictive-flow shower heads ?  This is not the rainforest shower you were hoping to wash away all the tension in your life.  It's true... you're going to have to work at removing the conditioner in your hair.  Wife took all baths, with exception of a single shower to wash hair, during our stay.WALKING TO OTHER RESORTS:  Aria is easy, stay left of the taxi stand, take the sidewalk; don't go right, you'll have to walk right through the middle of the driveway around taxi traffic!  Bellagio likewise is just a short walk way & you're there coming into the conference area, shops, garden, past front desk to the casino floor.  Cosmo was clearly re-planned when MGM sold it off.  You have to work to get there!  Best route: to the left by the taxi stand, down the outdoor staircase (you're then walking briefly through the service alley!) into the street level parking / taxi entrance to the floor of Cosmo (highly recommend the Chandelier Bar & Wicked Spoon buffet there).THE VERDICT:  Since I started writing this review, I've changed from 4* to 3* back to 4* and finally *3.  You'll see what I mean when you stay.  Proximity to City Center/ Bellagio / Cosmo & the possible view of fountains (but see above!) are awesome.  Stayed here after Encore & Wynn last 2 visits.  It's not in the same bracket as those.  We're unlikely to stay here again because of the choices available (and because I am a Steve Wynn nut).  But if you find good rate, when they're not full from conventions, book here with confidence.
4	I really like this hotel. The ultra modern design, no-smkoing policy, proximity to the best part of the Strip are all draws. One pet peeve is the mandatory $20 resort fee--where's the resort? This is a high rise on the strip with a pool and work out facility. Resort fees should be illegal--if they're mandatory, they should be included in the base rate.
3	Location sucks, not meant to be a hotel, tricky billing.I will not stay here again.   It's far from everything.  Yes, the room is nice, but it's meant to be a condo.  Everything is so spread out.  They gave me a $100 food & beverage credit.  Great!  When I used it to buy an overpriced bottle of wine at the hotel store they said that was merchandise instead of food & beverage.  So really the credit is only for PREPARED food and PREPARED coffee ($4/cup!).  Of course, they don't tell you this when you buy the wine - only when you check out.  Gotcha!In the morning, the only place to get a cup of coffee is the "market cafe" and the line is LONG!  Who needs that?  But you're trapped!  In the morning you don't want to walk a 1/2 mile to the nearest alternative?Anyway... despite the cheap price this is not a great place to stay.  It is mighty swanky, though, just beause it is so new.
4	Decided to stay here for a short vacation because it's was about 20 bucks cheaper a night than staying at Aria (which is about a 2 min walk away). No casino, but again, Aria is right there, and the Bellagio is connected via a walk way. Great room. Had one of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in. In fact, I'm thinking about buying a mattress from them once I get the money saved up.A great place to stay, if you're okay with not having a casino in your hotel. I think it's definitely worth the savings, and sometimes it's kinda nice not staying where people are milling around a casino and smoking downstairs. I'd stay here again for sure.Oh, they have "free" wifi and bottled water, but really, you're paying for it in your daily resort fee (which I think is like 20 bucks a day).
2	(-) confusing entrance to the hotel(-) no casino(-) small deluxe suite (-) small pool area (+) it is near Aria & Cosmopolitan.I wouldn't stay here again.
4	My Boyfriend and I stayed Vdara for 5 days in our Christmas. We had gorgeous room, phenomenal view from our room, clean and neat everything by 3days but last day of night, when we come back to our room was not clean well. It was too bad because almost perfect amazing night we could spent.
3	We usually stay at the Aria when we are in Vegas, but this time we decided to live life on the wild side and stay at the Vdara.  All in all, the whole experience was very nice.  Staffs were friendly, nice rooms, complimentary valet, BUT the bed was soooooo uncomfortable!  We stayed there six nights and not one night did we have a good night sleep.  The mattress felt hard and the pillows were too low.Next time we come back to Vegas, we will be staying at the Aria, no more living life on the wild side.
3	If you want a nice, relatively quiet place in Vegas, the Vdara is definitely for you.  That's generally not what I want in Vegas, but the Aria is so close, it makes that less of a factor.Lots of cool touches-doorbells on the rooms (nice to not have to hear people knocking at doors down the hall).-button inside the room for Do Not Disturb and Housekeeping that changes the color of the light around the doorbell to alert the housekeeping staff-Market Cafe has good food, although they're pretty slow.-Master light switch that cuts off all lights in the room-Automatic shades-two free 12 oz water bottles left in the room each day by housekeeping.  -housekeeping exceeded expectations with lots of nice little touches (like putting my dirty laundry in a laundry bag).  -overall, the rooms are very nice aesthetically - but I'm more of a functional guy, so this doesn't carry a whole lot of weight with me beyond that it's clean and has a good TV.  Things I didn't like:-The alarm clock is idiotically designed. Any alarm clock that you can look at for more than 3 seconds and not know how to set the alarm is poorly designed.-The bed is a bit hard for my taste-There was a pair of dirty tighty whities sitting on the shelf in the closet when I arrived. Seriously. Although I guess this was good for a few laughs, which is  a positive!-The shampoo/body wash they provide is in a square bottle, and you can't really squeeze them out. Really, really stupid design.-uber-cheap towels - felt like sand paper. This is just unacceptable for a place trying to be high end.  More like an EconoLodge.-Similarly, really cheap toilet paper.  Hey, little things like this are important!  =)-Drinks at the bar are absurdly expensive (typical for the high end places in Vegas).  $11 for a Jack and Coke.  -Electrical outlets weren't very well placed - this is inexcusable for a new hotel.  There was no outlet were I could plug in my phone and leave it within reach of the bed, and finding an outlet accessible for the iron was impossible without moving stuff around.  Vdara falls into the category of "I'd stay there again, but it's far from my top choice."
3	Throughout this review I've debated between 3 and 4.Yes, there is no casino, but that isn't a problem at all. The point of staying here is to be in the middle of the craziness that is Vegas but have a nice quiet hotel room to stroll into at 6am.  And since there is no casino the rooms are cheaper than Aria. However, don't come here in groups just yet. They don't offer a 2 bedroom room, so it really is for couples. The desk and all other staff were very nice and attentive. The parking was confusing which is a (-) but the staff helped us figure it out very quickly(+)The room is very nice, pull out bed, nice decor and great view. My friends and I were very impressed with the room and ended up laying on the bed and couch, playing with the TV for 90 minutes when we just wanted to place our bags and leave again (maybe childish...but isn't Vegas the adult playground?)Choices are pretty limited in Vdara. It's not a great overall hotel for a "Vegas experience." However, for those who want to relax and enjoy a nice luxurious vegas hotel, this is great.  It's a beautiful looking hotel, but just not my type of Vegas experience.I'd stay here again, just not very often.
4	Mixed bag here.  Hotel itself: Modern, clean decor.  Staff is friendly and it's a smoke and casino free environment (if that's what you're looking for).  I stayed in a normal suite and a hospitality suite at the Vdara.  In the normal suite, there's a mini fridge, a cook top and a partition with flat screens between the seating area and bedroom.  It's like a really nice and modern european studio apartment.  The hospitality suite had 2 rooms (one with a king bed and another with 2 full beds) as well as a pull out sofa bed.  There's a living room area with a full sub zero fridge, cook top and washer and dryer.  Great venue to host a party/get together.Location was also great.  Walking distance to the Bellagio and Aria.  Cosmopolitian is actually a pretty short walk as well but ask the bell desk how to get there out from the front.  Otherwise it's a long round about walk.  I liked the rooms and decor but there were a few negatives.  First, something on the room floors smelled off.  It smells great in the lobby and in the elevators, but on the floors, it was weird.  Second, the line to check in was LONG.  took over 30 minutes to get checked in around 1PM on a Saturday.  Third, we switched rooms to watch the superbowl and I know check in is at 3PM but they literally didn't switch us over until 3 and the game started soon after.  lastly, the wait at the vdara market cafe was horrible.  It took forever to get food/drinks.  Overall, great rooms, not so great service.  I'd probably end up going back because of the refridgerators and non-smoking atmosphere, but might check out the cosmopolitan the next time we're in vegas.
3	Not bad!
5	I have stayed here a few times, once with my wife and another wife my guy friends. It was by far one of the best hotel experiences. Your right in city center so all of the hotels you would want to go to are right there. Aria is packed with great restaurants and the buffet for lunch and dinner is amazing. I highly recommend. I don't live to far from vegas so i have stayed in almost all the hotels but I will only stay at Vdara from now on.
4	I've been to Las Vegas plenty of times--both for work and fun.  And have also stayed in many hotels.  Both nice and not so nice.  Vdara hotel is a dream for me. Located just off the Strip, it is one of the newish properties of City Center.  It's uniqueness is that it does NOT have a casino, which is personally a huge plus!  Gorgeous new and sleek/modern architecture, a variety of places to grab food to go or sit to eat, state of the art gym facilities, pool (without music blaring).  I booked my room several months ago on Jetsetter for $159 and have a suite that is triple the size of my apartment with 2 bathrooms, living/dining, full kitchen.  I love the blackout shades, comfy big beds with white duvets and down pillows.Service is a little spotty at the restaurants, but that's the only downfall I can seem to find.I must sound like I'm 90 years old, but there are only so many times you can put up with a smoky casino, the music, crowds, etc.  this hotel is like a slice of heaven just steps away from all of the action.
2	Trying to walk to this place from the strip is confusing, frustrating.  You walk through the (smokey) Cosmopolitan casino, then go to a dark elevator or stairway, ultimately walk some more, end up at the front desk.  Check in and check out were slow and inefficient.  They do ask elevation preference (gave me a 30th floor room, nice view).  The elevators are fast, rooms clearly marked, cool opening mechanism for key cards.  This whole project apparently is a failed condo, so there are kitchens in the rooms.  The room lights were really confusing, irritating.  The bathroom was clean, with both a really nice shower and a deep tub.  The towels were plush.  But no mouthwash-  at this price point I expect better.  The room was somewhat noisy, poor acoustics in regard to neighboring rooms.  The real positive of this hotel is that it is not in a casino, and it is nonsmoking.  The downside is how hard it is to walk to/from this place without walking through a circuitous route via smokey casinos.  I don't think I would stay here again.  They just don't seem to have their act together.
4	Talk about fancy!  Although Vdara doesn't have a casino downstairs you are giving that up for so much room!  You have your own kitchen, microwave, mini fridge and the bathroom has a shower and a separate tub.  So modern and clean.  Definitely a place where you feel like a million bucks.  Before my stay here the concierge called to ask if I needed anything before I landed! They do charge you a daily fee but you get unlimited access to their gym, free wifi, and bottles of water.  I know it's kind of annoying having a daily fee but honestly, if you stayed at other hotels their gym fee would probably be double that for a daily pass. The walk to Bellagio and Aria is seriously only 5 minutes so although you don't have the convenience of a casino downstairs, you aren't missing much...and you are probably saving yourself some gambling money too!If you are looking for a nice room and wanting to stay in the "hott" spot in Vegas, stay here!
1	I am checking out tomorrow and this was a bad enough experience that I am taking my time to let folks know.  I booked a corner suite for my wife and I and a deluxe suite for my two daughters.  I was willing to paya bit more for this hotel becaue it represents itslef to be an "all suite"hotel.  Unless you book a corner suite, the other suites are just rooms with a kitchenette.  The TV did not work in the corner suite and I got a recorded message saying they valued our privacy enough that they were not fixing the TV?  The deluxe suite had a horrible mattress and the room in this non-smoking hotel reeked of smoke and the room next door has a frat party that is continuing to rage on as I make this post.  Also, do not be fooled into thinking this hotel is "on the strip."  Get ready for planes, trains and automobiles just to get to the strip.I will pass on Vdara next time and I haven't even checked out yet.The spa was nice and I had a great massage.  Otherwise, no me gusta.
4	Ahhhh the Vdara was a refreshing retreat from the noise, chaos, and odor of stale cigarettes that permeates Las Vegas. The room was large and well maintained, we didn't hear a peep of noise the whole time, and we had a perfect view of the Bellagio fountains from the window. The service was generally good, staff were generally friendly, and I loved that we were just a short walk from the Bellagio and Aria. I would definitely stay here again.I had two complaints, each of which I consider a 1/2 star off:1. DO NOT USE THE SOFA BED EXCEPT IN EMERGENCY SITUATIONS. Seriously, it was the worst sofa bed in the world. The kind where you can feel every single spring, as well as the bar in the middle of the bed. It was especially offensive in comparison to how lovely and comfortable everything else in the room was. 2. Caught some seriously bad attitude from the chica at the front desk when I had to re-register a request to have the sofa bed made up (no sofa bed sheets 6 hours after my initial request). I wasn't pushy about it, just explained the situation, and then she turned it around as if it was my fault. It was unprofessional and just plain AWKWARD. Anyway, overall a nice stay and a lovely hotel!
4	Stayed in the suite and it was verrrry nice! The room looked like an apartment with a kitchen area, the living room with a pull-out couch, 1.5 baths and the room with a queen? size bed. The bathroom in the room was biiig with a nice tub, shower, toilet and plenty of space. The extra bathroom by the kitchen is definitely convenient, especially when girls need more room to get ready to hit the strip!Rates are not as expensive as other hotels since they don't have a casino, so if you're not exactly in Vegas just for gambling, this is a good place to consider! The only inconvenience is getting in and out of the hotel. They do not have their own parking structure, so you either have to valet or go from Aria and take a tram. However, if you stay out late, the tram does get closed so you'd have to walk from wherever you are back to Vdara or take a taxi. Other than the inconvenience of the location, Vdara is a great place to stay at in Vegas. The place is very modern and clean!
4	We booked a Jetsetter deal to get our reservation at Vdara but was attracted to the hotel because it was a little bit away from the strip and didn't have a casino on the bottom floor.  This was really nice especially since Aria was right next door if you wanted to gamble.  I thought that the room was very nice and spacious and had some nice touches like the do not disturb sign was actually a button that changed the light around the doorbell and they didn't knock at all if you had that on.  The bed and linens were really comfortable as well.  Just a couple of complaints.  The water pressure in the shower was very weak and our TV remote didn't work but otherwise we enjoyed our stay here.
5	I stayed at the Vdara for a business trip the last few nights and I loved it.  I had a lake view on the 40th floor.  Lake meaning...the Bellagio fountains.  The view was incredible.  I slept with the shades up all 3 nights.  I couldn't get enough of it.  The suite itself was huge by hotel room standards.  The first night I arrived close to midnight Vegas time and after unpacking I went in the soaking tub.  Simply heavenly.  It was definitely what i needed after a long flight with 1 layover.  The bed was actually pretty comfortable, although I prefer memory foam pillows to the down ones they had.  I was disappointed that the kitchen area was not stocked with a basic coffeemaker so I could heat up hot water and make tea.  I guess I didn't need a coffemaker since I had a microwave, but I really could've used a mug at least.  Apparently if you need any kitchen related items you need to contact housekeeping.  Well, I could not be bothered.  I was there for work, and it was a big conference next door at the Aria so I just got my beverages there.  I love the fact that the hotel is a non-smoking/non-gaming hotel.  It made my stay a relaxing retreat away from the madness and stinky-ness of Vegas casinos.  I would definitely recommend staying here again and loved the citywalk area.  The Aria was gorgeous and so was the Cosmopolitan.  Wish I had more time to explore the rest of the hotel amenities like the pool, fitness center and spa.
4	I would've given this hotel 5 stars if it hadn't been for two problems -- first, I had to ask 3 times just to get them to come and unclog the toilet, and I was unable to use the bathroom in my room until the next day.  They also have this weird intercom system in the rooms and an alarm went off in my room during the middle of the night.  Otherwise, I was more than happy with my stay.A lot of people don't like the idea of this hotel because there is no casino, but I absolutely loved how small and quiet the place was.  There's no long walk from the lobby to your room while choking on smoke, you walk into the hotel and there is a market cafe, a bar, and the front desk -- that's it.  And Aria isn't far if you want to gamble or hang out. I loved the  decor -- very modern and in done in light colors.  The clientele is young, upscale 20-30 year old yuppies (no screaming kids running about the lobby).The rooms were stunning.  They're mini suites (ask for the split rooms) but much larger than the average hotel room.  Even the kitchenette is quite spacious.Rate wise, you'll probably get the best deal out of any 5 star hotel on the strip. I've stayed at most of them and this one was my favorite.  I love Aria as well, but I will be staying at Vdara the next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Book this hotel if you are in Vegas and youa) are not a smokerb) are not a gamblerc) are not a shopperAlthough all 3 of those things can be achieved at its neighboring hotel, Aria.The room was beautiful, clean, and comfy. Overlooked the Bellagio fountains. Got a great deal for around $100-150/night.
3	The hotel is very nice and clean. My boyfriend and I decided to stay here to try something new. We usually stay right on the strip. When we first walked into the room, we were pleasantly surprised. It exceeded my expectations. Unfortunately about 5 minutes after we arrived, we were in the entry area and we heard the door unlock and a strange man walked in with his luggage. Apparently the hotel booked this room for 2 parties. We called down and they didn't do much about it but say sorry once. I was expecting a little more for a very uncomfortable situation and a big mistake on their part. At least breakfast the next day. ANYTHING! We spoke to a couple different employees about it and didn't receive any compensation. Thank God we were fully dressed and had just got their ourselves. If the situation was any different, we would've made a bigger deal about it. After that ordeal, we went to get into our mini bar for a soda and it was locked. Called downstairs again and they proceeded to unlock it, which didn't work. She said she would send up someone from maintenance to help us out. After waiting for awhile we decided to  just leave. We didn't want to waste time sitting in our room for a coke when it was our first night in Vegas. All in all the guy never showed up. I was expecting alittle better customer service from such a highly rated hotel. I was less than pleased. Not taking away from how nice the room was or how clean everything was kept, but I probably will not stay here again because of this stay. Also, it is a little walk from the strip. We did enjoy our room though after all was said and done.
3	Our first stay at the Vdara was a mixed bag: mostly positive, offset by a batch of odd inconveniences. On the positive side: very attractive and well-appointed rooms, amazing location in City Center, walking distance to Aria, a non-casino hotel with a very friendly staff.However, the friendly staff seemed uniformly underinformed. When my wife asked about using the pool, she learned that it was closed, but she could hike half a mile and use the pool at Aria. She hiked, only to find out that Aira pool didn't open until 9 A.M. No one bother to mention that fact. When she returned to Vdara, she was told she could use the jacuzzis in the fitness center. She wandered around the spa level looking for the jacuzzis, only to be told that she could use the fitness room (very crowded already), but would need to pay another $20 to use the spa. The "resort fee" didn't include that little extra. Other odd invconvenience include the mysterious locations and functions of the light switches in the room. You can't turn on lamp A without first having turned on switch B, which is not only across the room, but in the kitchenette. As another reviewer pointed out the "suite" aspect means that you walk through a kitchenette to reach the bedroom. Our room was very comfortable as a place to spend time, and not just a crash pad. The sofa was comfy, but positioned at a90-degree angle to the TV (which didn't matter to us, since we don't watch TV). The bathroom had one little peg about half the size of your little finger, but no hooks or racks for hanging clothes or towels. There's a closet in the bathroom, but it's not deep enough for the standard hangers provided in the main closet. No bathrobes (as similar properties in Las Vegas provide). Hard time finding washclothes. However, the free-standing tub was VERY nice. Bring a flashlight or your own nightlight, because the bathroom sliding door is translucent glass, which is very fashionable until someone wants to use the bathroom at 2 A.M. Thankfully, one of the bathroom lights is on a rheostat, but can't be turned down low enough to prevent a flood of light on the remaining sleepers. This may be getting picky, but the elevators were always hot, as tho there was no air ciruculation at all. Small point, but it is just one more minor discomfort that adds up to a general feeling of something being not quite right.Overall, we enjoyed our first experience at Vdara, but wouldn't choose it again over other places we have stayed in Las Vegas. Too bad. It seemed like a place that was designed by a very creative person who never stayed in hotels.
4	This place is a gem that is hidden away in the heart of city center! $89 for a suite that is nicer then most hotels I have ever stayed in... You have to be kidding me! And it's a non-smoking, non-gaming hotel!!!! I know where I am staying when I feel like a little Las Vegas staycation!
3	Location/design: this hotel has many very odd and confusing designs. The driving entrance and lanes leading to parking/valet are HORRIBLY DESIGNED!! It is very confusing to drive into the hotel..it is not on the front of the strip, you have to turn onto the side street...then you have to find a TINY ramp on the side with a small sign that says Vdara. we missed it twice and had to uturn to get in. Why did they make such a TINY, out of the way entrance to the hotel? do they not want to people to come here or to be able to find it? is this supposed to be part of their "cool/modern/exclusive" aesthetic??Then once you get on this tiny, out-of-place ramp the parking situation is additionally CONFUSING and HORRIBLY designed!!!! there's several more crazy openings leading to self-parking or valet or leaving back to the streets. when we got in, we almost got onto the one leading right back into the street, cuz the tiny openings are everywhere and so confusing...and it makes you drive in circles... this place is horribly designed. then when we were leaving, we were driving the right way to go back to the strip (there were no "wrong way" arrows anywhere) and then in the lane next to the one that's supposed to lead you the strip is the lane for valet but it was so confusing i drove on to the valet lane and the guy just stopped and gave us a dirty look and said WRONG WAY you have to LEAVE and so we had to back out into the dangerous intersection of confusing lanes and risk getting crashed into just cuz they wouldn't let us circle back around using the valet lane... The location was good for us, cuz we just wanted to go to Marquee. It was a short maybe 10 min? walk to Marquee in the Cosmopolitan which is right next door. However it was freezing cold at night and we had to walk outside to get to it! The location is pretty centrally located on the strip. Except, it's located a little in the back of the cosmopolitan so that you can't see it or get to it directly from the front of the strip...Customer service - SUCKS!!!! The check-in only had two people working even though there were like 7 check-in lanes. It was sooooo slowwww!!! and we were in a rush cuz we speeded there to get to the club since we were only staying for one night. i was soooo annoyed!!! and there's no line...so this other party of girls who i'm not sure was there before me or not got served before us. and the workers don't even acknowledge you when you walk to the check-in to let you know "we'll be with you shortly" or to let you know if you're next in the non-existent "line". Price - good compared to the other hotel prices i found online at the time. it was similarly priced to other older/less modern/ less aesthetically-pleasing hotels, and to hotels also in good location on strip. BUT i am not happy with the $28 "resort fee"!! when the only extra thing we get is a couple small bottles of water...and there is nothing else to do in the hotel, no casino..aesthetics: the hotel is new and pretty modern-looking...but when compared to the Cosmo next door t's def not as fancy or pretty-looking, it is pretty plain. and it has no casino or anything to do, so the lobby area is pretty small, and you just either go to the elevator to get to your room...or go outside to go to cosmo lol. We got the Suite with a king-size bed and queen-size couch bed. The room looked nice and modern i was happy with it! however i slept on the queen size bed and i wasn't happy with it cuz i was really cold because they didnt have any sheets or blankets for the queen size bed :((((
4	Vdara is a super nice hotel. some may expect it to be cheaper since there is no hotel. but it's not. however, what it lacks in hotel, it makes up in customer service and interior design.our corner suite was spacious and was about $200-$250 a night. There was 1 bed room, 1 1/2 bathrooms, 1 kitchen, 1 living & room. There no smoking inside the hotel so it smells wonderful!i loved the full bathroom! it had a shower, bathtub, 2 sinks, and a huge mirror. the shower was all glass so you had the view of the city lights while showering!wifi was free but the Ethernet cord is much faster!the other thing I liked was that there were 2 elevators. one for bottom half of floors and the other for the top half. convenient!i also had dinner at the cafe in the lobby. i recommend the steak wrap!! DELICIOUS!!i would definitely recommend this place for someone who wants a sophisticated hotel to stay in while you're in sin city.
5	I stayed here twice already and was very pleased. Everyone was very kind and they were all always willing to help. Room service was also very quick. I called so many times for things and they came up very fast every time. I'm not sure why people are giving Vdara low ratings. We stayed at the City Suites and had a nice view of the city of Las Vegas. We booked our room with a promotional offer and we got a $50 room credit that we used for room services. All in all, the experience was very satisfying and I'll be coming back to stay here for sure.P.S. Its very nice to stay in a hotel that doesn't smell like smoke.
4	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Vdara!why it didn't get a 5 star from me:1) i found 2 strands of hair. one in the shower and one in the toilet! [ i didn't complain]2) no late check out3) no self parkingwhy i totally loved this place:1) i love that there's no smoking in the hotel.2) i love that there's no loud slot machine. no gambling involved.3) no long walk to get to the hotel room4) i saw the rio, bellagio fountain show, and all i can say is the view was A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!5) the decor was up-to-date and very classy!6) its a suite! 7) i love that there were plenty of long mirrors for you to see your outfits! the bathroom had a tub, shower stall that is super roomy, blow dryer, plenty of towels [including a beach like towel], one of those magnified mirrors, and plenty of closet space. two tv's, a couch, dining table, stove, microwave, & small fridge that had both a section where you can place things and a mini bar.one of my best hotel rooms yet! i was super impressed. 5 minutes walk to aria.
4	I loved staying at the Vdara.  The rooms are big, everything seems very new, the view is spectacular from the higher floors, and it manages to be centrally located yet away from the hustle & bustle of Vegas (probably because there's no casino).  It's connected to the Bellagio via a sky bridge and it's right next door to the Aria so I had plenty of food and gambling options close by.However, I'm deducting a star because due to some random service blips that we encountered, including:- failing to provide us with bottled water on our second day (should have been included with our resort fee- failing to provide us with shampoo and conditioner on our 2nd day- business center closes at 5pm or earlier so we had to rely on the front desk staff to print some stuff for usDespite the housekeeping failures, I would not hesitate to stay at the Vdara again.
4	The air in the lobby smells like vanilla lavender creamy awesomeness.Vdara is a non-smoking, non-gambling hotel. Definitely a change of pace for your typical Vegas stay. I kind of liked it.  If you want to gamble, you can just walk across the street to Cosmopolitan. If you want to smoke, you can step outside.The room has an amazing view and the decor is sleek and sexy. Service is amazing as expected. Overall, I enjoyed my stay. My only complaint is finding this place if you have a rental car can be a pain in the ass. Once you figure it out it is easy enough, I suppose.
2	Stayed at Vdara in early December 2011. Stayed here because of the location and the price they gave me. The trip from the airport was a troublesome. they had the marathon running the night I arrived. So, the shuttle driver tells me and this couple, which they were staying at Cosmo, that he was dropping us off at Planet Hollywood Towers and we would have to walk from there. So after the, I figured a good mile hike across the pedestrian bridge, Crystals and Aria, I arrive at Vdara tired as hell. Most complain about having to wide their way through the ropes at check in. I would have done this with no problems. No organization what so ever at Vdara. 2 people at the check in desk. People are just walking up and cutting in front of me and others who are waiting for the desk clerk to wave us over. Thought since I was nice and patient, I thought the clerk would at least offer an upgrade, which I would have taken, but no. She offers it to the man next to me who doesn't speak any English. So after getting my keys, I head straight upstairs and realize what view I was getting from the curve in the hallway. Got me a nice glimpse of the backside of Aria all the way down to Mandalay Bay and THE Hotel. Unpack, plug my phone in, and jump in the shower so I can go to dinner next door at Cosmo. Water pressure? What water pressure? Flamingo has better water pressure than these guys. I know its eco-friendly, but come on. Small cramped bathroom, especially the toilet. Shallow sink, so be careful when turning the water on or you will splash everywhere. Housekeeping never replenished my toiletries in the 3 nights I was there. I know it was a short stay, but I would like enough soap and shampoo to make it through the visit. The bed was very comfortable. TV worked just fine. Security checks every night at the elevators which is very nice. The best part of the hotel? The hotel bar, Bar Vdara. And the drink of choice was the Black Dragon. The bartender told me he has seen people just sit there all night and down those drinks. It was very delicious and I could see how you could just sit back and down those all day and night. Will not be staying at Vdara unless someone else is paying for it haha.
4	This hotel is super nice! I stayed in a suite during my stay and the accommodations were wonderful.  We had a breathtaking view of the strip and the room was very clean and modern.  As for the hotel itself, I enjoyed that it is a non-gambling hotel because there wasn't that disgusting smoke smell everywhere.  The front desk staff that I came in to contact with were nice and patient. Parking is valet only.  It is free, except for tipping if you wish to do so.The location on the strip is really great with the Bellagio and other gambling hotels really close!I would definitely enjoy staying here again.
4	Awesome hotel.  I live at Veer across the way and love it there.  Unfortunately there's a wind tunnel when winds are super strong and it makes things loud at Veer.  Our condo is awesome tho and will comp us at Vdara when it happens (this is 1st time in 8 months it's gotten super loud and it took winds of 60 mph - so no big deal ).Checkin (Tues at 3pm) was super easy and fast).  Requested high floor and she was happy to help even though I'm comped.  Quick ride up to 42nd floor to my suite.Pros:You're essentially getting a small condo i'd easily pay $50+ more for this vs a regular room at another 4 star property (MGM, etc)Really nice layout for 580 sqft.  in the standard suiteAwesome tubComfortable furniture and bed, nicely appointed2 large screen TV'ssmoke free :)no gambling :)awesome view from palms, rio, across i15 to bellagio, paris, fountains etcCons:Picky but would be nice to have a TV in the bathroomValet onlyWhy didn't they put a tunnel from Vdara to Aria so you don't have to walk outside?  I guess walking outside in 60-70mph winds made me think of that lol (it's really not that far)
4	I was in search of a nice yet affordable suite in Vegas, and my friends told me how awesome Vdara was.  I ended up booking the Vdara Suite.  Our one bedroom suite had a king sized bed, and a pullout queen sized sofa in the living room.  We had a kitchen with a refrigerator, stove, microwave and dishwasher.  There was also a washer and dryer.  Our suite came with a huge bathroom and another half bath.  The large bathroom came in handy since we had five girls trying to get ready at the same time.Since our trip was in January, it wasn't pool weather, so we booked a spa day instead.  A 50 minute Swedish massage was $130.  I made an appointment for me and my girl friend at 10am.  Since we went all out the night before, I learned that I will never book a spa appointment that early again in Vegas.  The spa was nice.  There were lots of amenities including a redwood sauna, eucalyptus steam room, and a hot plunge pool.  Since we were way too dehydrated, we skipped all of that stuff and just hung out in the relaxation lounge.  There is no casino in this hotel, but that was ok since I was just there for a fun filled weekend of partying.  But since there was no casino, the hotel also lacked dining options.  There is a cafe downstairs where you can grab a quick bite, or you can order room service.  For other options, you have to walk across to Aria or head to the Cosmopolitan.  Overall, I loved this hotel.  Its in a great location, and the rooms are super spacious.  I would definitely come back and stay  here again
5	We stayed here for 4 nights and it was a beautiful Deluxe Suite. It made me wish I could have a studio like that in Chicago! The water bottles were free of charge, but you would have to call room service for extra as well as kitchenware and robes. This hotel was very clean and the staff members were so friendly. They all went out of their way to make you happy. Also beware, the market place is expensive. Tasty, but costly. My self-serve coffee cost as much as Starbuck's.Oh yeah... their beds are very comfortable!
4	No complaints! The view alone was breathtaking! We were on a higher floor and it was a panoramic view between old Las Vegas and the new strip. We could see the Bellagio water show from our room. We turned off the lights and took it all in. It was a "post card" view. The two flat screens on either side of the room divider came in handy when my boyfriend wanted to watch sports and I wanted to watch my reality shows. This is a non casino no smoking hotel so it was a breath of fresh air (literally) to go back to our suite after a long day of hustle and bustle walking down the strip in and out of smokey casinos. It is a bit of a walk to the strip but you can take the short cut that takes you right to the Bellagio. Had a massage at the spa, it was a delight, everyone is very thorough from the receptionists to the actual masseuse. I would definitely come back again. I purchased a package through South West including 2 flights (from Sacramento), 3 nights and a buffet credit which we used at Aria. All for around $700.
5	4 days and 3 nights at Vdara. I Love Vdara. Had a lakeview terrace room, loved the view of the Bellagio Fountain. As usual, super clean hotel, super nice staff, love the walking distance to all Bellagio, Aria, Planet Hollywood and the main strip.  Includes mini fridge, beverage fridge, stove, microwave, dining table, queen size pull-out sofa and a king size bed, 2 back-to-back tv. Love love Vdara.
5	The husband and I stayed here a couple of weeks ago for 3 nights. We really liked Vdara...the smell that they pump in is amazing...I bought some scent sticks in it to bring home with us (you can get them at the spa). Every employee we encountered was pleasant and helpful. We never got anything at the market, the line was always really long and we didn't want to deal with it. It's centrally located, and is connected to the Bellagio by a covered walkway. It's also right next to Aria. I don't get the people who complained about it taking forever to get to the strip. Yeah, it took a few minutes, but I can imagine it would take the same amount of time if you were staying in a casino by the time you walk through it to get outside. We loved that the property was non-smoking, and that we had a refrigerator in the room to keep bottled water, soda, beer, etc. in.I would highly recommend this hotel, and wouldn't hesitate to return!
4	Vdara- What a nice place near the strip. A brief summary is that I took away a star because the drop-off/ valet are was not as easily accessible as I would prefer it to be. What I mean by this is that there were not many signs off the beaten path to guide you towards it. Also, the drop off area for the Cosmopolitan is right across the street, causing a bit of confusion also. The drop-off/valet area has an awkward design and honestly it reminds me of SFO.The room: We stayed three nights here for New Years Eve. It was a beautiful suite, and everything was up-to-date with modern styling. There is a kitchenette and nice but small dining area. But hotel-er beware, most of the food or little snack-ies in the kitchen are not free, and as soon as you lift them from their resting place you will be charged. The room itself was very nice and very clean. The bathroom was gorgeous, and so was the view, which is accessed through an automated system that at the touch of a button you can raise and lower the curtains. My room had a small living room area with its own 42 inch LED tv, and the bed also had one just like it, directly on the opposite side. The room is spacious but not overwhelmingThe hotel itself:It is a nice hotel, nicely situated on the strip, but not too close to the pandemonium that is Vegas. It is right across from Cosmopolitan so you can go there to place your bets, and if you enjoy the night-club scene, Marquee which is located inside the Cosmo' is easily accessible. This helps when you have had far too many drinks, and find yourself stumbling around without enough cash for a cab.There is no casino inside of Vdara, but they do have a bar, and a snack area. But that is not too much of a concern, take a quick half-block-length walk across the street to Cosmo and you can once again find yourself wasting away your winnings.Outside near the entrance there is a quaint little patio with heaters so one may be able to recover from the crazy events that occurred night prior.I do love this place, and it is a bit different from other hotels, it is not as over crowded because there is no gambling stations within, and also there is no smoking inside, which gives it a bit of a cleaner ambiance. Bottom-Line, I would recommend this place to anyone.
4	I secured an amazing 3 night deal with this impressive hotel where it was a true pleasure to escape the noise and smoke of the casinos.  I paid a resort fee of $25 per day and for what I used I really had to savour every sip of those $12.50 33cl bottles of water!  The room was spacious, very comfortable and the towels were so thick and fluffy I could hardly close my suitcase.
2	The wesbsite definitely paints a different picture with their videos. We were hyped up watching the video of the deluxe suite and were disappointed to find that it was not what it seemed. Don't get me wrong, it is a nice place to stay. The room was modern and clean but compared to other rooms I have experienced in Vegas, this is not one I would boast about. The kitchen did not even come stocked with necessities and would only be provided by request. The bathtub was nice but compared to the amazing jacuzzi tub I experienced at Palms Place the night before, it was just ok. I was not aware this was not a gaming hotel. I personally prefer to stay in hotels that have the convenience of walking downstairs to gamble. This hotel is a short walk from Aria and Bellagio but still a walk and all you ladies know that any walk in "Vegas heels" is not a fun one...lol. We were also disappointed that there were no full restaurants at this property. I highly doubt we would stay here again with all of the other options at similar if not better price points.
4	I love this place, I would have gave it 5 stars but when I got my room the floor was soaking wet and I learned that the aircon was leaking. They immediately offered to switch my room, but I already started drinking, and didn't want to move. This place is a good modern sexy joint for you and some others. There's a fold out couch, incase your random strangers decide to crash the night away. Anyway, there's a stove, a dining area, a microwave, and an awesome bathroom. Vdara has an amazing view to the strip as well. City center is the place to be if you're trying to be on the central strip. Otherwise I really liked staying here because there wasn't a casino down below, it was retail....my favorite!
5	Overall, Vdara was great -- thats why it gets 5 stars from me. We stayed here this past weekend with a group of 8, two rooms. When we checked in we slipped a $20 with the ID (A good Vegas upgrade practice) and got upgraded to two Bellagio Fountain rooms right next to each other which was great.As many people have mentioned, the hotel smells fantastic when you walk in. It is such a breath of fresh air (did someone make that pun already, too?) from every other hotel on the strip. The thing I really disliked about vegas was the smoking EVERYWHERE, so coming home to this hotel was so refreshing as it is a non-smoking property as well.The rooms were modern, the service was for the most part speedy, and the views we had of the strip/Paris/Bellagio fountains were AMAZING. Really a great place to stay if you are looking for something modern, classy, and different in Vegas.Still 5 stars, however  it wouldn't be Yelp if there weren't a few nit-pickey things to say. Just to point out in case any of these things hit your buttons:-- The $25 resort fee. Thats $25 a day, and supposedly covers the pool, gym, Wifi, and bottled water in your room. The Pool was closed for renovation during our stay (We were  given use of the Aria pool next door by showing our room keys, which was actually a plus for me since their pool was amazing!). Also, the Wifi barely worked and we had to ask for the bottled water to be replaced daily (not usually a water snob, but the tap water there tasted very odd). $25 still seems way too much for all that, but it is Vegas.-- No Pool (for now at least). Like I mentioned, if you are booking around the date this review was posted note in advance that their pool area is currently closed for renovation. You are given access to Aria's pool next door, just show your room key when you walk in. Aria's pool deck is fantastic: three pools, three spas, and a bar. Watch out for those $25 Mojitos...-- It's a short walk from the strip. This didn't really bother me as after the first day we pretty much had our bearings and could figure out the fastest ways to the strip. Vdara is connected to Bellagio via a bridge so walking through Bellagio, to their casino, to the shops was one way out to that end of the strip (or) taking the tram to Crystals or Monte Carlo was another. Just know that everything will be a walk, and everything looks closer than it is!-- Be ready to ask for everything. Although the rooms have kitchenettes, none of the cupboards are stocked. We called Housekeeping countless times to request things like silverware, glasses, plates, a can opener, bottle opener, hair dryer, more towels, blah, blah. There a little signs around the room that say things like "For your convenience, you can request kitchenware from Housekeeping." Not sure how this is more convenient this is for the guest... or even the hotel for that matter. Just making more work for housekeeping! We received most items we requested within 20 minutes.Bottom-line, I would stay here again. Everything was high-end, modern, and such a nice break from the strip. However, I'd probably choose Aria or a different hotel on the strip next time just the same, to try something new!
5	I must admit, I was a tad wary when we chose this hotel for our Vegas trip - but loved everything about it!Situated a teeeeeny bit behind the strip, Vdara is actually extremely accessible! There is a tram that runs from Monte Carlo (if you need to get to Wet Republic, etc) to City Center to Vdara. It is also connected to the Bellagio through a small walkway. Across the rotunda is Aria, and down the stairs leads you to Cosmo. Definitely very convenient. The rooms are nice and spacious. My girls and I tried the $20 sandwich trick and we got upgraded! Our rooms were next to one another, and had a beautiful view of the Aria and In-N-Out (OBVS THE BEST PART). There was a king bed as well as a pull-out queen bed (which was unfortunately not very comfortable). The bathrooms are sooooooooooo big which is a must for getting ready. There are also a TON of mirrors in the room, black out curtains, and a tub to soak your feet as well as a shower - which all added to the perfection of Vdara =) There is also a pretty legit sound system for you to plug in your music. Wooooooot!As other reviewers have pointed out, there is no casino/lounge/hot spot inside Vdara, so it is definitely not frequented as much as the other casinos on the strip. But the crowd was still young and we saw tons of ppl heading out at night, as well as some people ptfo on the hallway who never made it back to their rooms... ;)The bar and cafe/market downstairs were pretty legit as well. Nothing wrong with this place at all! For 3 nights, we spent $160 per person.
4	When my friends and I recently planned our first trip to Las Vegas, we decided on staying at the Vdara Hotel & Spa. Not only was it located in close proximity to the Strip, but it is one of the only smoke-free hotels around and that was important to all of us.Upon entering the lobby, we were instantly struck by the fact that the Vdara has no casino. That can be a plus or a minus for you, so take it as you will. The front desk staff were friendly and incredibly helpful. We were travelling in two couples and, though we had booked separately, Vdara was able to put us in adjacent rooms on the same floor. Bonus points!The rooms in particular are spacious by hotel standards and very well-appointed.  Entering through the kitchenette, the room opens up to include a dinette area, roomy couch with a flat screen TV and an ahhhh-mazing king-sized bed. Near the bed is the ensuite equipped with a sink, major counter space and even a deep soaker tub.While most of our time was spent exploring Las Vegas, the Vdara proved to be a restful place to recharge - and in a bed that induces heavenly sleeps! It's a quiet hotel, far enough from the Strip but close enough with access through the Cosmpolitan or Bellagio hotels. Though the pool was closed for renovations, we were able to use the Aria's pools (across the rotunda) for no charge and enjoyed every minute of them.The Vdara no doubt impressed us and was a wise choise for our accommodation. Though the Vdara is a very nice hotel, I doubt we'll stay there on our next visit... and not because it's not a great hotel, but because the Strip has so many other hotels that exude far more excitement and Vegas-esque character than the Vdara.
3	Wasn't exactly too impressed with the Vdara.  First off, it was freezing cold during our stay here.  The Vdara is remotely located so you have to walk outside to get to the Aria, Crystals, or the Cosmopolitan.  It doesn't sound so bad, but imagine when it's freezing cold and windy outside.  Also, the wind seems to circle outside the Vdara..  Yes, it was painful running back and forth from the Aria!Secondly, Vdara bills itself as a hotel spa.  Umm, the spa was very lackluster but SUPER expensive as well.  I got a hot stone manicure, which is a basic manicure + 10 minutes of rubbing two hot stones on my arms.  $65..  I was expecting much more for that price. The spa was an additional $20..  It's upstairs and itty bitty.  There's a hot tub that will fit about 8 people max.  Everything except your own makeup is provided..  The vanity area was well lit and very clean.Now on to the rooms....  The mini suites had a kitchenette so it's useful if you plan on a longer stay.  The rooms were clean and bright, very similar to a room you'd find at the W..  $25 Resort fee.  Umm, the pool was closed.  They have free wi-fi, but that's all you're getting for the fee.  Not worth it.There is a small cafe and bar downstairs.  Be prepared to head elsewhere if you're in search of dining, entertainment, or some nightlife.
5	The Vdara pleasantly surprised me during my recent Las Vegas foray. Upon entering I was immediately greeted at the front desk by a gentlemen with a tablet computer who asked for my name. I gave him my info and he informed me that I had been upgraded to a penthouse suite. Now, I was staying by myself and now I had a room larger than my apartment. Awesome! I'm not sure why I need 4+ TVs in my room but it was awesome. For those of you complaining about the lack of food options. You're seriously 50 feet from the Aria! Can you not walk across the street?! I personally love that fact that this is a no casino hotel. It means I don't have to snake through three miles of casino floor just to get back to my room. I will be staying here again.
4	I would give this place all the stars, but we had some issues regarding our room keys, as well as dealing with the front desk staff.  Besides that, the service was great!  The best part about the Vdara and the surrounding casinos in the area is its location!  Sandwiched right in the middle of the strip, you have everything you want (two malls, casinos, nightlife, etc) and still retreat to the hotel after you've had your fill and need to replenish your strength (2hr naps suffice) to start the madness all over again.Valet staff is dope, bell services were dope, housekeeping was dope, room service food was delicious, but we just had an issue with the front desk with our keys.  My brother ended his night early at 2am on one night, and he had to wait an hour downstairs to get back into our room.  Our second issue with front desk was when we were looking for a lost item in the room. We were asked to wait in the lobby while they made the necessary phone call to security to check, the male at the desk never got back to us on our query, even when there no longer were lines of people who needed servicing.  When I had gone back up to the desk and asked the lady working next to him to please follow up, she got us our help in less than 5 minutes.  All this while the first worker was listening, he didn't even bother to acknowledge that he helped me previously.The panoramic suite that we had was awesome!  I wish it was my apartment, just not in Vegas, if that was the case, I'd probably be in a lot of trouble every weekend, hopefully not every night.  The one other thing I did not like was that the pool was unavailable due to construction the weekend we were there, we should have had some of the hotel fees reflect that.  All in all, I would still return here because I really do like the fact that Vdara is a Hotel Resort and not a Casino Resort.
2	Definitely not up to par to most 4star hotels. Service is poor!! No pool service or really any service. ROOM SERVICE is awful. Entirely to small common areas. Seriously room service has no idea what they are serving did they fish this out of the dumpster next door and microwave it?Rooms are nice but lots of broken parts. Still here as I post this and still frustrated with management and staff no resolution to. Few issues brought to the attention of staffWill avoid in future!
2	CONS* booked a 'winter package' for my folks. supposed to have 'welcome treat' upon arrival. took an hour and a half to receive, after several calls to dining services. weak.* charged $35/nite for modest upgrade, although i am an M-Life member* charged $20/nite 'resort fee' - which basically means 2 small bottles of water. total joke and rip off.* no coffee maker in my 'deluxe room', only in parents suite. even then, only 1 pod of caffeinated coffee per day, had to go into hall and ask maids for extras, which they nicely gave.* no outlets bed-side. you have to be kidding me.* Vdara market is a hectic, stressful experience. customers climbing all over each other, yet the service is a slow as hell cluster f&#ck. people bumping into one and other, 20 mins to get 3 smoothies (@$8/piece), customers complaining that the coffee dispensers empty. dreaded going there.i mean come on, vdara. you have european appliances in the kitchens, high quality fixtures and materials and you cheap out on the basics? i suggest you return to Hospitality Management Training at your local community college and apply those principles to your property.PROS* smelled good inside hotel* free valet parking. although i guess you end up paying for it in the end with the 'resort fee'.* maids were nice and gave an extra coffee pod. wooooooo!will i stay here again? if its free, yes. if it costs me a penny more? nope.
4	The first time I was in Vegas, post 21 years old, the boy booked a deluxe suite.. which was so nice! With big windows and a gorgeous view, modern decor and furniture picks, a stunning bathroom, and a mini kitchen, I was so in love! So clearly, I was excited when the best friend booked the Vdara two bedroom penthouse for our birthday celebration.The penthouse was so roomy - two bedrooms (with a bathroom each), a kitchen area with a full sized fridge, and a living room that had a couch that was also a pullout queen sized bed. The decor was similar to that of the deluxe suite, but I remember the bathroom in the deluxe suite being a lot better than the ones in the penthouse. My favorite part of the penthouse was definitely the semi-ceiling-to-floor windows. I say almost because the windows end about two or three feet before it hits the ground, and has enough room for you to sit on the ledge.We didn't have any problems with the service - they were all pretty nice. When we called for room service, they came pretty quickly with items that we requested. There's also free water bottles (which is always REALLY nice after a night of drinking)! They also have free wifi!One big complaint about Vdara is that their elevators were pretty horrible. It's not the decor or if they were slow, but rather, it was because it was so hot. There was no ventilation at all! Imagine being stuck in a full elevator going up 50+ stories. It was weird because the rooms, hallways, and lobby area were all ACed or had good ventilation, but they probably forgot to install AC into their elevators or something.
3	The rooms are spacious, clean and new. The reason for 3 stars is personal for me. When I go to Vegas, I like to be in the middle of the action. While the location of this hotel is central, there is absolutely 0 fun in the hotel itself. There is no casino, no restaurants, really nothing at all. So if you are looking for only a room - stay here. But if you're looking for a true Vegas experience - try the other City Center hotels - Cosmopolitan and Aria - you'll be eating and playing there anyway.
4	Just got back from a three-night stay. I had never visited the Vdara and was really pleased with our city-view corner suite. I found an excellent rate online about three weeks ahead of time and as a whole, I am pleased with what I experienced.First off, the hotel is beautiful, clean, and the staff maintained a helpful and pleasant demeanor in every instance. Like many of these reviews correctly mentions, the Vdara does not have its own casino but is linked directly to the Bellagio and a short skip away from the Aria. You can also access the Cosmo via the street pathways. I went to all three casinos easily and readily throughout the weekend.The only downside to my stay was the unanticipated room service fees (I did not order food or drink, we were simply charged asking for plates and utensils. Our room had a full kitchen but no common kitchen utensils one would normally expect). Fortunately the charges were small and I wasn't about to complain. I should also mention there is no self-parking; you must valet to park nearby.Overall, the vibe is young and the hotel is quiet. I found some people partying in the lobby bar but I assume most people head to the trendy Cosmo casino/Bellagio. The overall design and warmth of the hotel is on point with anything I've experience and I really would like to return. If you can find a nice rate, book your stay at Vdara!
5	Gorgeous hotel! And yes it smells like this awesomeness mixture of lavender and vanilla all the time. The bed and pillows are nothing short of absolutely amazing! Mix that bed with the blackout shades and I could've marinated in that room for days!!!I must say loved this hotel and the customer service is superb! On the downside the resort fee and the incidental charge of $100+ a night is not disclosed; I booked through a 3rd party vendor so I was quite shell shocked when I checked in. Other than that loved it here ! I would most definitely stay here again loved... Oh and just say no to room service ... Lol !!!!!
3	For a new hotel in Vegas, it is great.  The room was very nice.  Service was very average, but seems to be the norm for Vegas.  The pool was small and disappointing.  No bar or food service.
2	WILL NOT STAY HERE AGAIN.Yes the rooms are nice and the amenities are convenient (like the kitchenette) but the customer service can definitely improve.  I loved the bell desk service and the valet but we did not have a very enjoyable stay. Our room kept having this clicking sound that kept us up all night.  We tried turning off the AC since it seemed to be coming from the vent but that didn't fix the problem.  We tried looking in the closet, opening and closing doors, etc etc etc and it persisted.  Finally we just fell asleep since we were too exhausted to complain to the front desk.  The next day we decided to ask to be switched to another room.  The rude front desk lady said nothing was available (and this was SUNDAY aka the day everyone checks out).  She promised somebody from maintenance would come up to check the problem and IF there was something wrong THEN we would be moved to another room.  HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE.  We waited and waited and nobody came up.  Finally the bf called again and this time a nice gentleman upgraded our room and waived our resort fee.  Yes I appreciated this greatly but would have been happier if they had just comped one night of our stay.  I do think this hotel is beautiful but honestly I'd rather stay somewhere with a casino. And of course our stay wasn't that great because of a bad stroke of luck and a very moody person at the front desk.  I might consider staying at Aria in the future but if I'm going to dish out our [saved] big bucks for a nice room, I think I'm more inclined to go somewhere like Encore or Cosmopolitan.
5	**Two things to note: There is no self parking at this resort. Only valet parking. The staff is very nice, so please be sure you tip them. Also, there is a 20 dollar resort fee here that includes your wi-fi and bottles of water in your refrig in your hotel room**Vdara is located in the back of Citycenter, across from the Aria hotel. It's one of the few hotels in Las Vegas that is a Non-Smoking, Non-Gaming hotel. Aria is just a quick 2 minute jog along the pathway, so there isn't anything to worry about. Check-in:Since this was my first time staying at Vdara, I had tons of questions. The usual stuff, like room upgrade deals, layout of the resort, and how things worked at their hotel. With other hotels that I've stayed at in Vegas, (like Mandalay Bay and MGM) there is a supervisor that overlooks each of the check in areas, but at this resort, there isn't. If you do have questions, they have to go the back office to ask the boss any questions that you might have that they are not familiar with or do not have any information for. So it may take a few minutes. Other than that, check in was pretty smooth. Abraham was really nice and did his best to accommodate me with the highest floor possible. The Room:Had a bit of trouble getting into the room at first. I was so use to sliding my keycard into a slot and then opening the door. This one, took me a minute to figure out. Just in case the hotel clerk doesn't tell you how to open the door, you have to wave your keycard in front of the black magnetic device on the left side of the door in order to get in. (I laughed once I figured it out)I loved the room overall. The studio was very spacious with separate bedroom, living room and kitchenette area. The bathroom is nice as well. Separate shower and a huge tub. Room is approximately 500 square feet. Overall I had a wonderful experience and would recommend this hotel to anyone that wants to go to Vegas, but does not want a hotel that is filled with smoke. I will definitely be back here to stay again.
4	My fiancee and I love Vdara!  There are many people who have Yelped that it was a major minus that there was no casino on the lower level.  I say thank God!  Its nice to come down to the lobby and not be accosted by a bunch of drunk gamblers or be awaken by drunkards in the middle of the night.  Aria is connected to the Vdara and its so close I don't know why it would be an issue.  People cant be that lazy...ohh wait.  If you have some time, check the Bellagio line for checking in.  It can take you over half an hour during peak times.  At the Vdara its quick and painless.  If you don't believe me check it out yourself.  I would definitely recommend Vdara to anybody who comes to Vegas.  Its a luxurious resort where you can get some nice relaxation in with the most modern of amenities and its connected to Aria so you can get your drunken fun and gambling in.  Next time we are in Vegas we are definitely staying at the Vdara again.
4	I really liked this hotel and I am not a Vegas lover. If you are looking for a hotel that does not remind you at every moment that you are in Vegas this is the place for you.  Like THe Hotel in Mandalay Bay (another awesome non-Vegasy place), Vdara is smoke, slot-machine free.  And I also noticed a deficit in sock and sandal wearing tourists.  Bonus for sure.  Quick and courteous staff, although the concierge seemed to be a bit overwhelmed when I tried to set up some basic transportation.  The cafe on the first floor is cool, pricey...but when in the City of Lost Wages....oh! And the kitchenettes in the room are nice; you could actually have a pre-party in your room.  Last,but not least...the pool, by Vegas standards is sub par.  Find another pool to post up at if you can.
4	Another visit to Las Vegas and my next stop was at Vdara!I truly enjoy hotels that do not have casino. Mainly so the hotel does not smell like smoke right off the bat! The scent at Vdara was very fresh! I loved it! This is away from the strip so loud noises and chaos were not found at this place! Every room has a kitchen and two bathrooms, which is a huge plus for me! The girls always need their own bathroom to get ready! Duh! Kitchen is equipped! Stove, fridge, table, dishwasher! Nice king plus bed. Good enough for at leas three people! Spacious tub, shower, and toilet in the bathroom. Very nice! Good view of the strip, if your room allows it! Overall, the place was very accommodating, the staff was nice, and the room was clean and new!
4	We stayed here last June and the place was really nice. There is no casino and  smoking which is great. It is centrally located on the strip and there's a walk way that is connected to the Bellagio. When we tried to checked in was early they said to come back and they can get a higher floor for us. So we checked in our bags and walked around for a while. When we came back 2 hours later, the room was still not ready. That was annoying but they did give is a $50 credit to accommodate for the inconvenience. We booked a corner suite durning our stay. We were very impressed with the contemporary design of the room. The bathroom even had a nice window of Vegas. The drapes in the bedroom were broken and it wouldn't open with the controls. I called to have it fixed and no one ever came. The spa and pool area is nice.  The pool is a great place to relax because it was not noisy at all. We had one of the best massages at the spa at the Vdara.
4	Yay no smoking and no casino is great plus for this location. Little walk to centre of strip but conveniently located close to tram to City centerHouse keeping  is little lazy and irritating to call them multiple times for service. But their service is great, very clean room every day.The spa and pool area is nice.  The pool is a great place to relax because it was not noisy at all. We had one of the best massages at the spa at the Vdara.
3	I'd definitely say this is a decent option when visiting Vegas.  While far from perfect, the pros definitely outweighed the cons.Pros:- No casino.  The lobby was never crowded and the hotel in general was pretty quiet.- Excellent, spacious rooms.- Kitchenette in room.- Friendly staff.  Quick to respond to requests or issues.Cons:-  Not directly on the strip.- Broken items (Blow Dryer, Remote)- No outlets near the bed.While there are a handful of things I'd change, I really did enjoy my stay here.  I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  The more low key environment and the spacious rooms make this a quality option.  However, if you're going to Vegas to party or plan to spend the vast majority of your time gambling, you might want to look into other places to stay.
4	One of my FAVORITE places to stay in Vegas!  In fact, I've stayed here now 2 years in a row and am just as impressed the second time as I was the first.  The hotel is beautiful, modern and very clean.  There isn't a casino in the hotel itself; however, you can go to the Aria, Mandarin or the Cosmo... all within City Center... if you want to play.  What I'm disappointed by is 3 years ago I enjoyed a terrific lunch at Silk, but the last 2 years they've had a sign for "Private Party" out front.  The Market Cafe is great for breakfast and affordable.  Most impressive are the rooms!!!!  Especially if you get a room with a view on a higher floor.  Lastly, if you like to work out, this is the place for you!  The gym is well equipped.
4	Clean, calm, quiet. These are not things that come to mind when you first think of Vegas, but they can bring your vacation to the next level. Vdara is the calm in the eye of the Vegas storm. After taking a late flight in it was nice to be greeted by the smell of vanilla, not cigarette smoke. Once we recovered the Aria, Belligio, and Monte Carlo were all with in a short walk from our room, so we did not feel like we were missing out on any of the gambling fun, but we still had a quiet haven to return too.If you are the "spa" type, spend the money for the expresso massage. It was well worth it and I got access to the spa for the entire day, Aveda products and all!
5	This is 4.5 stars, but I'm rounding up because my experience exceeded expectations.I come to Vegas on a regular basis and am pretty jaded.  I often come for work, so have to keep it cool for much of the week, as I'm unable to self-medicate with coffee or Red Bull in the morning.  My company had booked a 2 bedroom suite for entertaining clients, and myself and one of my coworkers ended up benefiting from this arrangement.The view from the suite was amazing.  We were looking due south on the 45th floor, and had a clear view of the 15, the Luxor, the Mandalay Bay, etc.  I pulled rank on my coworker to get the view to the southwest from my bedroom as well.It's not right on the Strip, but Harmon offers pretty easy access to the frontage road (Dean Martin) paralleling the freeway on the West.  This is a fast way to get around without dealing with the traffic crush and rubberneckers on the Strip.There is no casino.  If you consider this a downside of this hotel you might have a gambling problem.  There is a casino less than 1/4 mile from the front door (Aria).  The Cosmopolitan is walking distance if you're craving more clubs and eye candy.  Since the Vdara isn't really a 'destination', the cab traffic can be somewhat light but the taxi lines sort of match, so getting a cab isn't that much of a time suck.There were only a couple of misfires that didn't really dampen the whole experience:The wall safe in the walk-in closet was mounted and hinged so that I could not see into it when it was open.  But hey, walk in closet.There were no outlets near the bed, but there were enough outlets in the bedroom that I just coped with having my phone over on a small table instead of near me on the nightstand.There were a few problems with the keys when we checked in, but that might have been because of the way we were getting multiple keys for many coworkers.One of the valet attendants was pretty rude when we asked for the favor of leaving our rental up front, despite us being willing to tip heavily to make it happen.  The rental was an Escalade, so it wasn't the ugly car factor (since there was an Explorer in the front row).The blinds leave small slits so it's not as blacked out in the morning as I've seen in other hotels.  This wasn't a deal killer, but you might consider bringing a sleeping mask if you plan on partying hard and light keeps you awake in the morning.Those were very minor, and were washed away by all the greatness I observed.Service (apart from the aforementioned valet attendant) was fantastic.  Everyone was super-friendly, even the elevator guards.The suite was fully appointed, by which I mean you could live in it, which I'm led to understand was the original point of the hotel.  Dishwasher, instant-hot faucets, oven, full-sized built-in fridge, range, big built-in trash can, washer and dryer, and a flatscreen TV in both bedrooms and the main sitting area.  It was /big/, bigger than any two bedroom apartment I've ever rented.  It had a small half bath in the front and full private bathrooms for each bedroom, including separate shower and bath.  The blinds were remote controlled.  The bed and pillows were exceptionally comfortable.  Exceptionally.Internet access was free and mostly usable, if you don't mind occasionally hitting a clear http site to 'reset' the connection.We plugged our laptops right into this fancy access panel under the TV via HDMI and were easily able to deliver presentations.Walking into a hotel after a long evening in Vegas after a long day working a trade show and being greeted by a pleasant smell and the blissful ABSENCE of slot machine dinging and blinking made the evenings wind down more pleasantly.Maybe I just like this place because i'm getting old, but I will definitely stay here again!
3	A bit of a pretender... professes to be a high end hotel and the furnishings certainly support this but then come the details and that is where there is room for improvement.Pros:QuietExcellent mattresses Cons:No outlets near the bedGimmicky window blinds/shades with electric motors but which still let light inNot a pencil or pen to be found anywhereKitchenette but  no kitchen supplies like pots or cutlery or cups - those have to be orderedNo coffee or coffee makerOnly one hanger/hook in the bathroomVery weak showerThe room is somewhat overcrowded with furniture which is set up in an unusual mannerDUST ! - we saw housekeeping dust the room daily and after half a day everything was covered in dust again! You better not be allergic - there has to be a problem with the air conditioning - quite unreal.The speed checkout via the TV didn't work for us - still had to go to the lobby to check out.Overall OK but quite gimmicky!The WiFi is very slow and unreliable - this is a problem for this type of hotel.
5	Excellent hotel and accommodations for Vegas.  I've stayed there two years in a row for the NAB Show and had a great experience.  Excellent views either direction of the hotel.  Beds, showers and rooms are very comfortable with a nice dose of chic.
1	I was really excited to stay here because it was 100% smoke-free and no casino, but we found out quickly that we would have rather stayed elsewhere. room: no media package, as claimed. So no iPod charger/alarm clock, no DVD player, nothing. The nightstand lamps didn't even have switches so we had to get out of bed to turn on the lights (it defeats the purpose of a nightstand lamp). No coffee maker in the room! What? Hard to find outlets. No robes (for a new/modern hotel within that price point we expected to see them there). The rooms were pretty basic, they had a white comforter but no quilt, there was no color in the room. The toilet paper was crap. there was no safe! We're in Vegas, where's the safe? They have bad soundproofing, we could hear pool music at 8am. Service: one of the worst in Vegas and we've been here a few times. We were asked what floor we wanted and if the 36th floor was ok, we said yes, but then he said we'll upgrade you to a pool view after another worker whispered into our attendants ear. We ended up really disappointed with the room we had and the floor we were on. Constantly saw employees meandering around when there were lines. The person with the iPad, what do they do? When we were checking out there was no line and 2 attendants available, but because they didn't call us over we just walked to the front of the line. Except that two women behind us just ran up to the attendants and they helped them. I couldn't believe it! none of the front desk staff looked happy or at least welcoming. They didn't even ask us how our stay was; obviously they didn't care. Overall, unprofessional, mismanaged, and kids are running the hotel. We won't be going back
1	I stayed here on April 20 thru 22, 2012. I wanted to like this hotel since it has the modern appeal, but that's pretty much the only thing it's got going for it is the looks... I stayed at the 2 bedroom Hospitality suite with a group of friends for my weekend party. The biggest room they offered. Everyone liked the suite and the size is about 1600 sq ft for $800/nt. The view was nice we were facing Mandalay Bay and the I-15 freeway. The problem was with the front desk/staff they were absolutely horrible. I had called a day in advance to tell them I will be there the next evening so save me the corner Hospitality suite. The girl tells me sure we could that for you... I got there Friday evening to check-in the Front Desk guy Anthony (this is a shout out for you) was rude and did not greet any of the guests. I walked up to him and I said 'hi' he couldn't even squeeze a hello or a smile or anything. Someone must've rolled off the wrong side of the bed this morning. I told him I called and requested for a corner Hospitality suite, without checking his computer he gave me a quick answer no. I was like, what's the point of calling in and making a request if you guys don't even care for it? I'm not even asking for an upgrade this is more of a lateral move from one Hospitality suite to another. I did not want to start my stay here haggling with this guy, so I asked for my keys and moved on.So my group and I got the room and we found out that they we needed an extra rollaway bed so that a couple of the guys won't need to sleep on the floor. I called the housekeeping, they forwarded to front desk, and front desk guy says they don't have any roll away beds. Wow, I'm astonished by what they told me. I asked him seriously in a new facility this big and you don't even have a single rollaway bed? I asked to speak with the manager; with a little talk they finally dropped off a roll away bed which they told me they have none... it was like pulling someone arm. I was beginning to think what kind of Hospitality these guys are really offering. More like lame excuses/poor service and zero hospitality. These were actually the minor issues we had the real problems are to come next...The lobby is tiny compared to the other nearby hotels i.e. Aria, Cosmo, and Mandarin, and not to mention the Vdara was very difficult to get to by foot or by car. By car you would really have to slow down or stop your car to look for a single sign that points you to a single lane ramp that takes you to the front of the Vdara. By foot some of the sidewalks are closed off and you have to walk through the Cosmo casino to get back to Vdara from the strip. So either way by foot or by car it is actually difficult to get to Vdara. Seems like an engineering blunder when they attempted to link Vdara to the Las Vegas Strip.Vdara staff/house cleaning STOLE $500 from our room. I reported this to their front desk, security, and risk management, all were quick to make excuses and give me the run around. No one cooperated. The front desk girl Kelli even refused to give me her hotel manager's name and refused to let me talk to her..... She wouldn't even let me talk to her assistant manager! She kept me on the phone for an hour and nothing came out of it..... just more frustration. The theft was reported on Monday 4/23/2012, I waited a week they did nothing and they found nothing. I told security just check who entered my room on 4/20/2012 between 11pm - 2am. They have surveillance and an advanced key card system. Yet they did absolutely nothing to help out. I live in California; I go to Vegas often like 3 times a year often in various different hotels casinos going on 11 years now. Never, have I had this many problems with a single hotel. This is by far the first of all-times low in overall Vegas experience. The LAST problem was they over charged my credit card; they charged $1050 when the rate was $800 with their lousy Resort Fees and taxes. I had to call and tell them to correct the issue complained some more. This was corrected 2 days later. As you could imagine, I had enough of Vdara - they STEAL, they LIE, they FAIL.
4	Lots of fun provided you don't mind the no casino aspect which I love! Super close to city center shopping and upgraded rooms offer gorgeous views of bellagio fountains plus mini kitchenette is greet for leftovers or long weekends.
4	An overdue review. We stayed at Vdara in past December, treating ourselves to a weekend on the town.If I remember correctly, we booked two nights in a Panoramic Suite. As we checked in, we got a complimentary upgrade to a One-Bedroom Suite. Nice! The room was spectacular. An entire unobstructed view of the strip, spotlessly clean, plush bathrobes, roomy bathroom, with even a kitchen (not that we needed it). We did enjoy that Vdara was just a hotel. It is sometimes nice not to walk into a lobby with slot machines and blackjack games surrounding you in every direction. I think this is a big plus. During our stay, we did get take-out from their cafe downstairs. It was good, but pricey. Yes, I know we're on the strip. Our last morning there, we ordered room service. Timely, friendly, and sufficient, but nothing "wow" about it. I definitely enjoyed my stay here and would recommend Vdara. I think next time we splurge, I'll try to save up a couple of paychecks to stay at the Mandarin Oriental.
5	really enjoyed my stay here!the suites are beautiful and the customer service of the staff is great.it's a convenient location in the heart of the strip, and even though there's no casino in the hotel, it's nestled between the bellagio and the aria.fitness center and pool are nice, nothing out of this world, but nice.the panoramic views are amazing!will be returning.
4	Vdara is a quiet oasis in the madness of the Strip with large rooms, great service, and lovely amenities. I've stayed here twice while in Vegas and enjoyed myself each time. The rooms are some of the largest I've ever stayed in. Easy for the three of us who were sharing this last visit. The entire place is non-smoking and doesn't have a casino so it's very serene.The location is on the southern end of the strip and is a little isolated back behind Cosmopolitan. It's a bit of a walk to get to the Strip, and they certainly didn't make it convenient to walk to Cosmo, but getting to Bellagio is very simple.I guess I like a little more energy when I'm staying in Vegas, but catering to a more calm demographic will keep this hotel nice for a long time. Even the pool was pretty calm compared to a lot of other Vegas pools.I'd easily stay here again, especially since it's so easy to figure out when this hotel is the "mystery" hotel on Hotwire. Just look for a south strip, five-star, non-casino hotel and most likely it will be Vdara!Hope to see you again soon, Las Vegas!
4	I really liked this hotel! Smoke free "yay" and everyone was super nice! I went recently cinco de mayo weekend on the mayweather and cotto fight weekend! It was crazy on sat. night but other than that i had no problem. I think the only 2 thing i had to say about our room only was that no plugs next to the night stand to put my phone charger to have my phone next to me in case i had to pick up and also i think someone must have put food in the sink with the garbage disposal because there was a little odor coming from there lucky it didn't smell the room up only in the sink.... but other than that i loved it!!! Pillows to die for!!! OMG!! i slept like a baby!!!
2	If you value customer service, Vdara is NOT for you. First off, I, like other reviewers here, laughed at the iPad carrying employee who does nothing. Anyway...they lost our reservation. Took the desk clerk 20 minutes to find it. It's a good thing we brought our documentation. Our room wasn't ready so the desk clerk explained to us that we could not check in and would have to wait an hour. My wife objected and replied, "I'm not waiting in that line again." The clerk took down our cell numbers and said she'd call us when the room was ready. The red flag began to make it's appearance. Go to the bellhop desk so they can hold our bags. "You have to take your bags to the guys outside and they'll hold it for you." What? Why is there a bellhop desk inside if we have to go outside?Of course, our genius clerk DID NOT call us when our room was ready. We had to call them. So, we finally get to check in and were obviously distraught. The new desk clerk was actually very nice and handed us a Cinco De Mayo flyer for "special" appetizers and drinks at the pool.We checked in, the room was nice. It overlooked the Bellagio and her fountains. The closet doors, when open, block the walk way. That seemed strange and inconvenient. If you like brain teasers, you'll have fun trying to figure out the room controls. Anyway, the room reminded me of TheHotel lite.Off to the pool for some quesadillas. Settled into our poolside space and spent 20 minutes trying to flag down a server. Finally got to place our order..."The kitchen is closed." LOL, after all the promotion the nice desk clerk did for the Cinco De Mayo pool party, he forgot about the kitchen hours. 15 minutes later, our waitress shows up with the drink and I'm waving to her as she walks by. A few minutes later, she finds me, "If you saw me why didn't you say anything." Wow, really?One of the towels in our room had orange-red stains on it. Nice. There's no bottle opener, so be prepared to bring one. There is a wine cork opener, I used that to loosen up my beer cap (No it wasn't a twisty). I can say that the wine pricing at their general store is pretty good.There seems to be heat lamps in the elevators.Check out: The iPad person does some work. For some reason, the ropes that organize the check in check out line were gone. We create a makeshift line where 2 other parties line up behind us. The thought is, we get the next available clerk. There were 3 desk clerks working. HOWEVER, the iPad person tells everyone to make 3 lines. Wait a minute, if my clerk takes awhile, the people behind me can get helped before me? Didn't happen to us, but I watched a poor sod get jumped over twice by people who were behind him, and the iPad person directed them to the speedy clerk line.We won't be staying there again. Never had these issues at the Wynn, Venetian, Aria, or Mandalay (The Hotel).
5	Great Hotel, exactly what I was looking for. No Casino, No Smoking great pool and pool restaurant. Super easy walk to the Bellagio, Aria and Cosmo for the big nights.
5	I was very pleased with my stay here, the room was clean and smoke free, the staff bent over backwards to help us, and the view of the Bellagio fountains was amazing.I was a little nervous to stay here.  I read the yelp reviews about the service and the location and I was concerned.  Yelp, for the first time, you let me down.The room:  The room was about 550 square feet.  The space was well used, big enough for a kitchenette, a full sized couch, and large closet.  The bathroom was roomy.  The decor of the room was modern, yet simple.  The bed was nice and firm, which is a huge plus for me as my back usually aches from overly soft Vegas beds.  All the rooms are smoke free, which is a huge reason we stayed here.Location:  The hotel doesn't have any strip frontage.  I assume if you are driving here, the lone curvy on ramp is hard to find.  To get to the hotel from the Strip, you have to walk through the Bellagio (shorter) and the Monte Carlo.  Which way you choose would depend on which way on the strip you want to go.  The walk from the from entrance of the Bellagio to the Vdara elevators takes about five minutes if you are moving briskly.  It is much quieter than your average hotel, so take that as a plus or minus based on your needs.  For me it was a plus.Staff:  The staff couldn't have been nicer.  When we arrived, a bellwoman gave us the layout, including the quickest way to the strip.  Our luggage was checked at the curb and we were on our way in five minutes.  There wasn't a line at the front desk when we returned two hours before scheduled check in.  No problem about the time, the clerk said and we were checked in within another five minutes.  Once inside the room, we had to call the bell desk for a bags.  Somehow they arrived in five minutes (getting a theme here).  By comparison, last time I stayed in the Bellagio, it took something like 20 minutes to get my bags.  I was able to check out through the TV and then a call to the front desk, in under five minutes.  All those interactions are good for even a small hotel, but fantastic for a midsized hotel like Vdara.Overall:  We had excellent service in a quiet smoke free room with a longer than average walk from the strip.  Assuming that the price stays competitive (it was only slightly more expensive for us than the Luxor and a few hundred dollars less than Ceasars for three nights) it will be the first place we check next time we go to Vegas.
4	I travel a lot for work and have been to Vegas many times and I have stayed at most of the nicer hotels in Vegas so I was a little nervous to stay here since I had never heard of it and it was a little off the strip.  I was very surprised at how nice this hotel is with spacious rooms and a smoke free environment!  Since I am not a smoker and I don't spend much time gambling I didn't mind that they don't have a casino and I was so happy they are smoke free!  I would definitely recommend this place to people who don't like the strong cigarette odor in many hotels.  While this place is a little off of the strip, it connects through the Bellagio so you can easily get to the strip by going through the Bellagio.
4	Great value for your money. One thing I don't miss is the smoke that permeate throughout casino to the hotel reception through to even the non-smoking rooms and the burnt holes in the carpets and sheets. This hotel lobby actually smells nice, like a spa. No lineups at the checkin counter so first impressions great.To my room, I got the cheapest Deluxe room facing the pool and the colorful art by Nancy Rubins I think. so I have no view of the Bellagio fountain but it's not a horrible view either so I'm happy. Room was close to 600 sq feet (huge). Bed linens were good quality (no cigarette burnt holes, phew), bed itself was a little on the soft side. we have fully stocked minibar, two-burner electric cook top, convection microwave, 42-inch Digital LCD flat-screen television in living and bedroom areas and a laptop-size electronic safe. The automatic roman blinds took maybe a minute to understand how to control (as mentioned by many others the gaps will let the sun permeate into the room so bring your sleeping masks) The thing I had trouble with are the light switches, simply put they are weird. Bathroom...wonderful. I love coming back to have a quick soak (nice size bathtub), separate showers. No Aveda products as mentioned, they now have cheap bath products. You have to ask house keeping if you need robes, slippers or any utensils for the kitchen. Housekeeping crew left a bad impression on the first day they threw away the conditioner I brought (I left it in the shower). 2nd day they took all our glasses and never replaced them. 3rd day they did not give us our 2 bottles of water included in the resort fee.Wireless internet worked fine, good reception in our rooms.If you don't like Valet parking your options would be to park @ Bellagio self park and walk 5 minutes back to the hotel or park @ Cosmopolitan and walk up to Vdara. I think Bellagio is a better option. Quickest way to the strip is if you go through the doors besides Silks, take the stairs down and there is a walkway to the strip or go through the side to Bellagio (longer but mostly indoors)Not many dining choices, just an overly expensive cafeteria and a lounge. But close to Cosmopolitan's wicked spoon buffet (quickest way is take the stairs down, cross the covered taxi area to the hotel reception and take the elevator up to the 2nd floor.
4	Really a nice place to stay if you don't need or want a casino in your hotel. I really enjoyed the smoke free lobby and short walk to my room.The staff were friendly throughout the hotel. I was there for only 1 night, but found myself pool side twice. They played fun music, but not ridiculously loud. They could've used 1 more waitress poolside to take and deliver orders.All the rooms are suite style, king bed on 1 side and a sitting area with a pull out couch on the other. There's a small kitchenette area which they hotel says they'll bring dishes up if you need them. I liked the large bathroom too.The hotel is a short walk to Cosmopolitan and even closer to Aria.
4	I really love this place.  I wasn't sure about the absence of a casino, but it was actually nice to come back to a calm, quiet building after a long night.  It's a really short walk to Aria and Bellagio, so I never felt too far from the action.We stayed on the 11th floor with a pool view and found it really hard to sleep once the music started playing at the pool at 8am.  It didn't seem like it would be a problem, but it was actually pretty loud.  I really liked the kitchenette - we didn't cook anything but I liked having an empty fridge for water.  The pool was really great.  Not too fancy, but there were plenty of places to lay out or find shade if needed.  There were tons of staff walking around eager to help or take drink orders.  I was very happy with our decision to stay here and would recommend this hotel.
4	If you don't need or want a hotel attached to a casino then this might be the hotel for u. We love the fact that we don't smell as if we've been smoking ten packs of cigarets after a stay here. They do charge a resort fee which includes their valet service, so we definitely take advantage of that rather than parking at Aria or Bellagio. Rooms are clean, nice & spacious with a little kitchenette. Light switches were a little confusing at first, but not a deal breaker or anything. We always enjoy staying on the higher floors where u get a nice view of the Bellagio fountain show & Vegas. Unlike some other reviewers, we have yet to encounter the infamous terrible customer service during our stays here. Not sure if we're lucky or if they were just unlucky...who knows...They have yummy fruit smoothies at their cafe to help cool u down in the hot Vegas weather during summer & if their pool happens to be closed u can use Aria's next door. There's also a free monorail that will take you to the nearby hotel/casinos in only a few minutes. Definitely convenient when you're in heels. If ur looking for a quiet haven after a night out partying or just want to stay away from the mayhem of the Vegas strip & such party goers then give this place a try.
2	Small pool, inconsistent service, overpriced under quality spa, and watch your bill for incorrect charges.I got a full set of gel acrylics at the spa. They were all peeling or broken off within 2 days.  Waste of money and time.
5	Pleasantly surprised!! I am not a huge fan of Las Vegas so I think my expectations were quite low to start.Speaking to a guest in the elevator on the way to my room - he said, "You will LOVE it!". ok I was getting a little pumped.WOW, I loved my room...45th floor with a clean sweeping view of VEGAS and it actually made my stay!! I am a big bath person and find great pleasure in ending any evening with a hot soak....this tub was a beauty. Suddenly I found myself yearning to end the evening earlier just to try out the tub...sigh.The automated black-out blinds and blush shades, dark woods contrasted with white linens...spacious bathrooms and a whole wall of window....I will be back :)
5	Love it here!! Big modern suite, amazing view of the Bellagio fountains and the strip, across to Rio and Palms, from the 49th floor. Check in was fast and friendly. All staff very helpful. Very attentive service by the pool on the day we paid for a bed, although the gf got ignored when down there on her own the next day. Perfect location IMO, so close to the Bellagio with a direct walk in that if you prefer a modern non smoking environment, there's nowhere better. Plus the beds are so comfortable!!!!Only downside really is a bit of a trek to the strip, and the ridiculously slow lines at the market cafe. Not great coffee either, but a short walk through Aria to the edge of the Monte Carlo gets you to a Starbucks. Had one maintenance issue on the first day and staff were up within minutes and it was sorted. Will definitely be staying again! P
5	I've stayed here 3 times and I really can not complain. In fact, I think this is the best hotel experience I've ever had. I've ever had. I had to repeat it so you guys would know the legitimacy of what I just said.I love it here because there's no club and there's no casino. Now, I'll admit when I'm headed to Vegas the thing in the front of my mind is, "What club are we hittin this weekend?" However, it's nice to not have to deal with the madness of the club scene and the smokiness of the casino. But, you're close to Aria and Cosmopolitan to get in touch with the madness.What many people don't know is that the hidden gems are the hotel bar and the hotel pool. The bartenders are pretty nice and make excellent drinks. It's a cool place to meet up with people and to even meet new people (unless you're too cool to chat with strangers). The pool is very chill. I don't recommend it if you're looking for your Vegas dayclub/pool party (Wet Republic, Liquid, Marquee). There's a DJ and a bar. You can order food and drinks and chill by the pool. If possible, I highly suggest the 270 degree suite. Depending on where you are you can see the water show at the Bellagio from the comfort and privacy of your own room. Thus, eliminating pushy tourists and their cameras from knocking you in the head.
3	This was originally going to be a 4 star review, but the lack of a personal response from management turned it into a 3.I was planning on asking for management in order to share my concerns during checkout, but as others have stated, the lines were so long we didn't want to wait.  Instead I emailed these concerns to guest services and only got a form letter response.  I feel I put enough time into writing my concerns that they warranted a personal response.  I want to provide them with this feedback to make the experience better for future guests.My wife and I stated at the Vdara for our anniversary in May 2012.  We both thought the hotel was very nice, and enjoyed our stay, but there were several items that kept it from being the "three diamond" experience they so heavily advertise.When we checked into our room and did a quick inspection of the room, we noticed the minibar was locked, the TV in the "living room" area didn't work, and the guest refrigerator on the right was slightly cooler than lukewarm.  I called the front desk and they told me they would open the mini-bar remotely.  I called housekeeping and they said they'd send a technician up for the TV.  The technician came up and fixed the TV by reconnecting a cable in the back.  I asked him about the fridge and he said it needed to be defrosted.  I let it go, since it was more trouble than it was worth, and it at least provided a minimum amount of refrigeration.  Two hours later, I checked the minbar and it was still locked.  I called the front desk again and they said they'd have to send someone to look at it, but since it was after 5PM it would have to be the next day.  Nobody came or contacted me otherwise for the rest of the weekend, and the minibar stayed shut.  It is probably still broken.  Luckily I had a cooler that I used with ice from the hall machine to keep the wine and champagne that I bought in the lobby cold.Saturday morning the bedside alarm went off at 5:30AM, waking us both up.I recommend to management that they add the following items to the maid service routine: check the minibar to see if it opens, check the TVs to see if they turn on, check the fridge for refrigeration, and turn off the alarm.  This would be three diamond service.Another couple of notes.  In the hallway, one of the lights was burned out.  It was a ceiling light shining on the wall paintings between 29036 and 29038.  It may still be burned out as I write this.Finally, the parking situation is difficult because of the poor signage.  Driving up to the hotel, I went down a closed road and had to back up and go around twice until I could figure out how to get to the valet.  Leaving, we went out the wrong exit and had to turn around to get back to the strip.  With aggressive cab drivers it is particularly challenging.  It would be relatively easy to redesign the signage to point out specifically where one has to drive to get to the valet.  For example, if they were to place one large sign on the spot where the current small Vdara "loop" sign sits, showing a diagram with ALL four (five?) road options that diverge from the front of the hotel, and label each of them, the problem will be minimized.  The valet affirmed that I was not the first person to complain about this.We liked the fact that there was no casino and no smoke.  The pool was nice although crowded even on a super hot day.  We didn't notice the death ray reflections from the other buildings that other critics have talked about - the large umbrella helped.  We'll come back, and hopefully will get a fully functioning room next time.
4	Decor and design: 5 stars.  Beautiful! I also love that the lobby is connected to Bellagio, so there is minimum walking outdoors in the hot sun! Room accommodations: 4 stars.  Thank you so much to the staff for upgrading us to the King Suite, with a view of Bellagio and Paris, AND Rio.  It was beautiful.  The bed was pretty comfortable.  I found the tub a little small and I was hoping for a jet-tub.  Thats okay!  it came with a shower head.  The shower was very spacious. Service: 4 stars.  Someone brought our bags to our room and went through all the accommodations, how to work the TV and the shade controls on the wall.  The maid service was great as well.  I had placed my toiletry items on the bathroom counter, and they laid it out very nicely on a towel for me.  Valet service was on top of it as well.  Everyone was very helpful, until the last night of our stay.  Someone messed with our reservations!  We got locked out of our room the night before we were supposed to check out, but bf already received an email confirmation on the checkout date.  Also, an even larger hold was put on his credit card.  *sigh* No one is perfect.  All in all I had a comfortable stay here.  I dont think I will book here again unless a really good deal comes up though.
3	Its like a veneer of cool. The hotel is really modern and at first glance kind of cool but when you take the time to really look...Youll notice that its kind of fake luxury. The furniture, wall paper , fixtures make you feel like you are in an Ikea show room. The pillows were un useable. Really wish we had stayed at Wynn instead.
4	This was my third stay at Vdara. We mainly stay at this hidden gem now because it offers such large modern rooms with great views for usually a lower price as compared to casino hotels. For this stay we had booked a corner suite, but got upgraded to a panoramic suite after a nice sandwich tip. We had a gorgeous view wrapping suite on the 49th floor. With view of the front of the strip in the living room, views of the mountains in the bedroom, and views of the bellagio fountains from the bathroom/soaking tub whats not to love? If you can deal with not having a casino then really give this hotel a shot. It is directly connected to the Bellagio and a short walking distance to Aria. A plus side is that the Market Cafe is now open later hours as compared to before. So if you really are thirsty or desire a snack you can get one at 11PM. Also, the pool is a bit smaller than Aria's so be prepared for it to be crowded unless you go early in the morning or evening. They have umbrellas up for use as shade for all chairs so its much appreciated in the hot 100 degree heat. Valet is also pretty efficient. I like being able to just take the elevator down to the lobby and walk up right to valet, rather than walking a mile through a casino to get to valet. All in all an enjoyable vacation and we'll be back!
5	I spend couple of days at this hotel, and since Vegas has a reputation for creepy and nasty hotels, Vdara is a cut above the rest for those of us who don't want to deal with casino and smoking madness. I agree with some of the views expressed here regarding long lines for check-in or checkout, but that's a small inconvenience to the clean and healthy environment. Try checking into the Bellagio, you will wait for about a day to be checked-in due to long lines. We had a view of Bellagio and Paris, and enjoyed the water-show from the comfort of our room. I requested towels and they were there in about 5 minutes, I found the kitchen to be spacious and if I needed to cook, I could have had done that, but who wants to cook? I mean, the buffets are part of the Vegas experience. I enjoyed a large tub, clean shower and bathroom. The TV can use real HD with more channels. The only drawback was the Wi-Fi, sporadic on the 45th floor and above. I found the Wi-Fi across at the ARIA to be super-fast and I used it when I went there for breakfast. The connection of Vdara to Aria, Bellagio and Monte Carlo is an excellent idea, you can go and gamble, and if you win lots of money, then transport your dollars via the tram line to your hotel safe..lol!!!  I intend to stay at the Vdara each time I visit Vegas because I was treated well. The valet was superb too, just tip them few bucks and be on your way. I didn't visit the pool or spa, but I understand it too small for a large hotel such as this one. Lastly, avoid free show tickets offers, they are scam and timeshare madness. I listened to their street presentation and quickly figured out, they are full of baloney and I moved-on.
4	As a non-smoker and non-gambler, I love this hotel. The modern decor and relaxed atmosphere suited us just fine. No flashing lights or beeping slot machines. No crowds of smokers streaming smoke as you walk by. No running children or groups of drunken college kids. It was great.Check in took a mere 5 minutes because we were smart enough to check in on a Thursday afternoon. (Hey, if you don't want to wait on a long line to check in, don't check in at the height of the weekend rush hour.) There is a mini market right in the lobby for essentials, snacks and drinks, and a bar across the mini market tucked between the entrances. We were able to order a quick bite since we flew in from the East Coast, and had to adjust our internal clocks. The room was fantastic. It was a comfortable space for the three days we were there. We were tucked away on a high floor with the view of the Rio, Palms, Bellagio, the fountain and Paris. We called for room service, and the server was very friendly.The bed and pillows were very soft, bordering on too soft, but we slept like babies. The bathroom was pretty large in proportion to the rest of the space, and with a separate tub and glass shower, it was a nice bonus. There is a half wall with TVs on both sides that separates the seating area from the bedroom area, which made for a cozy feel. The kitchenette by the door entrance was quaint, complete with microwave if you felt like doing a little pop corn popping, (which, by the way they had downstairs in the mini market.)I have to agree with some of the reviewers that the light switches were a bit confusing at first, but once you figure out what is what, it's a non-issue. Wi-Fi is free, though spotty at times, but enough for when you need to do a quick search for restaurants, hotel locations, etc. The closet doors do block the area between the seating area and bedroom area, but seriously, if you're here for a weekend, the only time you use the closet is when you store or remove your suitcase. It's not that big of a deal. From the lobby, there's a walkway to the Bellagio, which made it easy to pick up show tickets, and across the lobby is the Aria, which was another gorgeous hotel, with a smoking casino, but definitely not as bad as the Bellagio. (The Bellagio is overrated, but I digress, that's another review.)All in all, it was a great stay for a couple that isn't necessarily into all the typical Vegas scene (gambling, pool parties, etc.), that is there for a little sight seeing, a little eating and a lot of R&R.
4	So, Vdara will be the third hotel on the strip that I have stayed at (other 2 were Monte Carlo and Aria). And I have to say, for the price, it is definitely up there. We booked a corner suite (for 6 girls total) and it had plenty of room. I ended up tipping more than usual for most of the employees I had encountered here. Biggest gripe though would be access to Vdara to and from the strip. It's a little further back, just like the Aria. However, there is the Tram (have to walk through the Bellagio) and to just walk through the Aria. The place also only has one place to eat (a market place) in the actual hotel and no casino. Also, if sharing a room with people you hardly know, you will get to know them quickly. There is no door enclosing the toilet and it's next to the glass shower. There are doors to the actual bathroom, but when sharing with 6 girls, privacy wasn't an option.I did book through a timeshare company, but monitored sales and deals for a couple of months before we went, it still had the best deal for the size and price. I will definitely consider staying here again, but for some reason, Aria still holds near and dear to my heart, even though it is more expensive. I really considered 5 stars, especially with the level or service received and the Pool Cabana was a sweet deal with private pools for a section of 3-4 cabanas. (See review under Vdara Pool & Lounge) However, the inaccessibility to the strip, food and gambling makes it difficult for me to give 5 stars!
4	First off let me say that if you are looking for an awesome all suites hotel (no casino/night life) then Vdara is the place to be. Its a gorgeous hotel and the suites/room was amazing. We booked a corner city suite and had 10 girls staying there for a bachelorette party. It was great in size and we all pretty much had a place to sleep. Major plus was that there is a 1/2 bath located in the living room area. Very handy with that many girls getting ready for a night out in LV. I would def recommend this hotel. My biggest grip would be that the only place to eat in the hotel (market place??) was very expensive. A cup of good old orange juice was $6!!! And considering you have a bit of a walk to the next closest hotel (Aria and or Cosmo) you are not left with much choice other then to pay the high price of food in the hotel. Second biggest problem was at night you have to show your room key to the elevator door man before being able to head up to your room for the night. While I understand the security reasons for doing this, it was VERY inconvenient when you are traveling with such a large party and all coming and going at different times. Needless to say you need to plan ahead for that!All in all it's a beautiful and very modern looking hotel but if you plan to be out in the nightlife/exploring LV frequently you might want something not so enclosed in the new city center.
3	Yes, I am rating this lower than Imperial Palace. A few gripes:1) It is impossible to figure out how to get to this hotel by car. There is only one ramp entrance, and it so well-hidden it would win in hide-and-seek.2) We paid for the Vdara Suite, but due to the high occupancy on Memorial Day Weekend, we were downgraded to a tiny room WITHOUT being told so!!! Imagine downgrading from a suite that is supposed to have two rooms, a full-sized fridge, and TWICE the square footage of the tiny single room you're "mistakenly" assigned to. Thankfully, some angry ranting fixed the problem for the following night, which included an upgrade to the Executive Suite, $100 in room service credit, and complimentary champagne and chocolate-covered strawberries.3) Free wifi is unreliable on the iPhone.4) The shower walls are transparent, so if you're taking a dump, you'll get a show. And vice versa, except not so pleasant for the person showering.But I guess it has some perks:1) It is ridiculously close to Marquee Dayclub and Nightclub at the Cosmopolitan, so you don't have to taxi back. Just make sure you're sober enough to take advantage of the short distance.2) Parking is mandatory valet, which is convenient.3) It doesn't have a casino since it's the sister of Aria, so it's slightly cheaper.4) The interior is beautiful, hip, and modern.5) The downstairs cafe has bomb iced coffee, apparently.I'm still miffed about the room mixup though. Not cool.
2	Amateur Hour at best.First, do yourself a favor and google "Vdara" and "Rude" and "Incompetent".  Check out the hundreds of results. When two words like that produce copious results from a search-engine, you know it's not an isolated incident.EDIT: I originally wrote a vaguely negative review after two days here.  Now that I've been here for four days, I have a much better perspective.  And the situation is a good deal worse than I originally thought.Summary:  Anyone who has given Vdara more than a one-star rating is, frankly, someone who has never stayed as a guest elsewhere in Las Vegas. Vdara simply does remotely compare to their competition.   The hotel is at a five-star level in terms of the quality of the room, fit and construction.The staff, however, is so abysmal...across the board...across the dining department, the housekeeping department, the front desk...it truly defies explanation.  Or rather, the explanation is simple:Ownership is tight on money and they've (under-) staffed the place with inexperienced teenagers.  Literally.So:  If you have no expectations from a hotel other than a bed, you will be happy.If you want spotty-internet for a $20/day resort fee, check right in.If you don't mind every single employee being either a) rude or b) unknowledgeable, then again, this is the place for you.Want to sit on-hold for room service for 15 solid minutes on a Tuesday night?  Again, Vdara has you covered.Want to spent 45 minutes discussing paying for an upgraded room, only to learn after 45 minutes that no rooms are in fact available after all?  Vdara is your place.Honestly, I don't have the energy to detail too much what is wrong with this place, other than simply saying:  the ownership clearly doesn't care about you.  Try Aria, Cosmopolitan, MGM, Luxor...hell, even the Imperial Palace or Terrible's Casino is staffed with people who could run circles around the kids at Vdara.  It's embarrassing.  If you are under 25 and have never stayed at a hotel other than a Motel 6 on the turnpike, then you might like Vdara.If you have even the tiniest experience in travel for business or leisure, and have even the most limited of alternatives to compare this place to...then you will likely be very, very disappointed.  Really, unless you are a college student on spring break...this place is just plain embarrassing.
4	I had a fabulous time at this hotel. It was the weekend of EDC so it was a bit crazy, but the room was great, the pool was wonderful and my friends and I had an amazing time. I got a corner exec suite and it was HUGE. Full kitchen, fridge with water and ice, big bathrrom with relaxing spa and great view, VERY comfy bed and wodnerful food/room service. There are also black out shades so you can sleep when you need to!I got a cabana reservation for Sunday at the pool (you have to do it before you get there - they go quick). The base was $200 for the reservation and included some fruit, ice, about 6 sodas, 4 waters, prezels, gummies, and then you paid for any additional items. It was fabulous and so relaxing - definitely the way to go if you are going to fo Vegas right. Cabana included wrap around curtains, misters, couch with big screen. My server Tim was very helpful and accomodating - always asking if we needed anything. The pool was clean and the perfect temp. I will definitely stay here again. Perfect walking distance to Aria, Bellagio, Cosmopoitan and tram to Monte Carlo.
3	Oh Vdara, if only I was writing a review for your actual hotel room, I'd give you 5-stars, but unfortunately due to your poor management, you definitely would NEVER deserve 5. I booked the "Vdara Suite" (800 sq ft vs the 500 sq ft of the regular deluxe room) in February for Memorial Day Weekend (yes..3 freakin months in advance), knowing prices were going to go ridiculously high as MDW got closer. Once arriving on Saturday, after waiting in a ridiculously long and slow moving line in the lobby, I checked-in thinking everything was a-ok. Too bad once I arrived to the room, I was shocked by how small it was. Um...this definitely CANNOT be a suite--one, it only had 1 bathroom, no separate kitchen, and everything was much more cramped than what I remembered in the pictures online. I called the front desk to see if there was a mistake and of course, they put us in the wrong room. So giving them the benefit of the doubt and knowing MDW is one of Vegas' busiest weekends, I figured it was a small mistake and they could move us to our actual room quickly. Too bad they end up telling us because it is MDW, they completely sold out of rooms and OVERBOOKED so they had no choice but to DOWNGRADE us into a smaller room. Apparently, hotwire or expedia sold more Vdara rooms than they had available, so in order to accommodate those rooms, they kicked a few of us who  actually BOOKED ON VDARA'S WEBSITE into their regular rooms. To compensate for this "mistake" they did offer us $100 room service credit and $60 off our two-night stay (which wasn't much of a discount considering we booked it 3 months ahead--so our room was already cheap to begin with and they were going off the current-day rates) but ONLY after we complained and made them realize they put us in the wrong room. To think they weren't even going to tell us they managed to downgrade our reservation, until we walked in and realized something was off about our initial room, is ridiculous.I heard good things about Vdara and had high hopes for a good stay here, but unfortunately I will not be coming back.
4	I didn't stay here but I hung out at the suites here for a few days with friends of mine.This place is part of the MGM City Walk. Lots of high end shoppes and restaurants nearby. There is no casino here, but Aria is right next door. The suites here are amazing and the views are gorgeous (provided you get a suite with a view)If your trying to go to the strip from here, I recommend you get a Cab. It's a long walk back to the strip and you will get LOST EASILY if you aren't super familiar with the CityWalk.
1	We traveled with our 1 year old and 3 year old and liked the idea that the hotel is smoke free and does not have a casino   The rooms were nice but housekeeping was HORRIBLE.  The first night we were told that housekeeping would make the pull out couch and do turn down service.  Neither happened.  The second day we asked for housekeeping to clean our room 4 separate times and were assured the last time that our room would be cleaned.  Imagine our surprise when were returned to put our one year old to sleep at 8:30 and the room was still the same.  We spent at least 90% of the day out of the room, there was more than enough time to clean it. We will never stay here again and would never recommend it!
3	The hotel is pretty nice...nothing mind.blowing though. Considering they have a kitchen setup I hoped they would have a bigger fridge (could only fit 2 bottles of wine and nothing else) they charge 25 a night "resort fee" which includes wi fi which does.not.work very wellAlso heads up they charge $130 a night for.icidentals which they make you sign a waiver stating that they will hold your $$ for 10 days....crazy!
2	Nice, modern look, good room service, free valet. Although it is not RIGHT on the strip, you have to walk through the Bellagio or Aria. You also must pay a refundable incidental fee at check in which I wasn't informed of upon making my reservation. And I was told different amounts when I called 4 separate times. Operators didn't seem to know the correct prices.
3	meehhhhhh... this hotel is ALRIGHT... had some troubling experiences here during EDC weekend....... I don't really want to talk about it too much on here. Let's just say their staff is unprofessional and not very friendly and courteous. It's not what you expect from a 5 star resort. It is very modern and beautiful, that I will agree on... but their rooms are not very impressive. We booked the corner suite and thought it'd be nice and a bit spacious.. when we arrived it felt cramped and I felt claustrophobic because it was so small and basically you are stuck in a square. Everything is connected and the guy from house keeping told us that Vdara was suppose to be condo's and you can definitely see it in the layout. The suites come with a kitchen (stove, dishwasher and fridge) but none of the tools to cook.. you have to call house keeping for pots/pans and forks and plates. It was weird how it wasn't just stocked in the kitchen for guests to use. I felt like a pain in the arse to house keeping because everything I needed was not in the room beforehand. I don't know if I'd stay here again, plus it's pretty expensive and I could spend that much elsewhere and be much happier.......
3	Getting to Vdara or just the City Center makes you go in circles, literally. So after getting onto the correct ramp and taking the correct "exit here" sign, we pulled up to the VALET ONLY parking, which is FREE but we just tipped.Walking into the lobby, the concierge is up front, there's a bar, sitting area and the tram that you can take back to Monte Carlo I believe. FYI, I didn't know that Vdara was a non-gaming hotel. Before you can even get to the elevators, you must show your room key or the old probably ex strip club bouncers won't let you thru. Maybe because the hotel is so damn tall, but the elevators were shaky all the way up. They were pretty fast, but I've been to the Empire State Building ... I don't remember that elevator shaking left to right. Once you walk out of the elevators, the floors look like a high end condo or apartments. My cousin's suite was a corner suite which was nice since it only shared one wall. The suite was nice, windows galore with views of the Cosmopolitan, PH and the rest of the strip. No matter where you are, sunsets are pretty and there was a good 180degree view from the room. The blinds were those automatic control blinds with the remote control. There was a half bath off the entrance, table for 4, kitchen with fridge, oven, stove top & microwave. You had your living room, flat screen, desk in the corner with views of the strip. The bedroom was a king bed and I don't know where they got there sheets, but they had to have been 1000 thread count! LOL. Softest hotel sheets ever! The bathroom was pretty big, glassed in shower, two sinks, soaking tub also with strip views.All in all, its a nice hotel. Would I stay here?! Maybe. It sucks that its a non-gaming hotel, because what happens when you get bored?! You can't just go down and play on some machines. You'd have to gown down and walk next door to Aria. Also, some of the finishes in the room looked like "luxury" but you could tell they weren't. But it the location is good because you're pretty much in the center of the strip and getting to other hotels is easy. And there's a tram that you can take.
4	A nice hotel to check into if you wanted to stay away from the noise from the casinos because there are none located in Vdara. You can easily get lost trying to get to the Vdara so prepare to study a map and drive carefully in the multiple circles before finally reaching your destination and drop off to mandatory valet. There is no direct walkway to Vdara so know the tram system and the multiple paths to get in and out of the hotel if you are planning to visit a friend or ultimately stay here.  Upon checking in, you might as well have your key card on display at all times, because they will not let you in the elevators without inspecting it. The elevator was fast but felt sketchy at times. Friend was stoked for the automatic blinds that can also black out the room for those who sleep in during the day. A full kitchen with a mini-fridge, stove, oven, microwave, and a table for 4 is provided for those willing to make their own meals. Standing shower with a separated (raised?) tub with a toilet and sink completes the bathroom next to the kitchen. There is no real night stand so we used one of the tables in the "living" room as a night stand near an outlet. It is a nice quiet clean hotel with the no smoking and no gambling, but it makes it inconvenient when you have the urge to quickly get out. This is something to consider when finding a place in Las Vegas.
4	This is a real upscale Hotel & Spa. Stayed here with 2 friends of mine a year ago.  I LOVE the room very modern.  And across the way is the ARIA Hotel which is also a nice one. After a long night the next morning my girlfriend and I walked over to the ARIA for brunch. Which the food was delicious :)
5	my favorite hotel in vegas. no casino means no "ding ding ding" noise from slot machines and no smoke smell at all. very relaxed atmosphere and feels like an oasis from the rest of the strip. the vdarra suite is the way to go, as it has 800 sq ft of space and is very well appointed. very relaxing and makes you feel like you own a condo in the middle of the strip.
5	Went to Vegas a few months ago to unwind and have a little fun. In short, 1) I hate cigarette smoke with everything that is within me. This spot is non gaming..non smoking. Nice.2) Lobby smells wonderful, the staff is very attentive and the hotel is modern, clean and swanky.3) Be sure to ask for your robe and slippers...yes I brought my own but I wanted to use theirs...Don't judge me!4) Have breakfast in the sandwich spot located in the lobby. Our meal was cheap and really good. 5) Be ready to sweat in the elevator and pray no more than two people make stops to other floors. For some reason the elevators are not air conditioned. 6) I slept like baby in those beds for the few hours I spent in them. I'm seriously going to order those pillows. In conclusion, I had a wonderful time that weekend and the Vdara will be one of 2 hotels I'll stay in when I return. Tip: Ask for a room with a Bellagio view if available.  No upgrade fee!
4	I stayed here during EDC (Electric Daisy Carnival) weekend. Booked the room from jetsetter.com, so we received a great deal! It was a corner suite for about $700-800 for 3 nights. It has a king bed with a sofa pull out bed. It also has 2 bathrooms but only 1 has a shower. It's fully equipped with 2 flat screens and a mini kitchen. Overall, it's nice and elegant with great views of the strip. It's located in the middle of the strip. This hotel is a non-casino hotel. So, if you're looking to get away from the smoking and loud casino environment, this is the hotel for you. The hotel also connects to Bellagio and walking distance to Cosmopolitan.
3	Vdara is a nice hotel, but it is not a 5-star one (as advertised). Some features are nice like the in-room kitchen (that you probably won't use), electronic housekeeping and privacy status, and 2 TVs. It's the little things that make a hotel 5 stars and it is the combination of a lot of small mis-steps that lower Vdara to 3-stars. * Check-in/check-out - quick check-in and easy TV-based check-out 4/5 * Room - decent size with entry kitchenette, and bed on one side of entertainment console/desk and sofa on the other 4/5 * Bed - King size bed is standard. Couch can be a 2nd bed (good for kids?) 4/5 * Bathroom - Seperate shower & tub (deep, but narrow with stopper in middle) with 1 sink 3/5 * Housekeeping - 2 days didn't clean room without calling; 2 bottles of water included, but missing 2/5 * Amenities - very basic amenities. Bonus: ask for slippers & robe 3/5 * Pool - basic Vegas pool with stellar service. Older crowd 3/5 * Parking - Valet only. No Self Parking 2/5 * Location - you are off the Strip and must go thru Aria, Bellagio, or Cosmopolitan to get to the strip. Why not just stay at one of those? 2/5 * Atmosphere - Quiet... Really quiet. Does smell great inside & is smoke free 2/5 * Casino - none. Go elsewhere or stay elsewhere for fun 1/5 * Restaurants - one lobby bar which is ... a lobby bar 1/5 * View - we had a partial view of Bellagio fountains and Paris hotel 3/5 * WiFi - "free" with $25 resort fee; worked in room, pool, and lobby 4/5 * Value - $25 resort fee + $3 Tax adds up. So do taxi rides to actually go anywhere else. Plan at least $20/day for those, too. 2/5 * Oddity - On 2nd day, a stranger opened our door with a key and then quickly apologized and left. Called front desk to warn them and was told "it happens sometimes." Well, not to me it hadn't before... * Overall - Vdara met our needs for a quiet place to sleep, but it also felt isolated and boring. We spent much of our time going to other hotels ... Hotels we could of stayed at for just a little more than Vdara.
5	I stayed at this hotel 2 summers ago when it had just opened. I know I am late but oh well. This was an amazing hotel to stay in. Granted it was expensive, but it was worth it. The rooms were really nice. There is a great kitchen with an electric stove and a fridge filled with goodies and a nice dining table. A living room area with comfortable sofas and a nice big TV. The bedroom was great. The bed was really nice and comfy. Slept like a baby on them. The bathroom was amazing. There were lots of amenities, robes, and other stuff (clearly I don't remember after 2 years). All the blinds in the rooms were electronically controlled. Overall, it was a great experience and a nice stay.
5	We enjoyed a long weekend here in a 2 bedroom suite, and it was definitely top notch! At first I was hesitant because the Vdara lacks a casino, but it was really awesome to be able to walk through the front door of your hotel and get to the elevator in about a minutes time. Short trips to your room are rare in Vegas, but not here. I'm a huge fan of City Center, so I like that Vdara is located right in the heart of it so you can get to the Aria, Cosmopolitan or Crystals with little effort. The only downside was that the pool area is a little small, but it gets the job done. I can't wait to come back here for another long weekend.
4	I was happy to know that this hotel was a non smoking hotel. After being diagnosed with cancer, it helps that there are establishments that enforce no smoking. When my BF and I checked in, he asked if there were any available upgrades. There was a corner room available which came with a 1/2 bath and gorgeous view. It was a $60 upgrade per night,  but I was stoked that there would be a 1/2 bath because the one thing I love is having my own restroom. The corner room was a very decent size which came with the kitchenette, washer/dryer, robes, and slippers. I found it weird that the kitchenware had to be requested from housekeeping, and not left in the room. They do charge a daily fee, I  believe it was $20 or $25 which includes internet, bottled water, and free newspaper. This seems to be a norm at the newer hotels so don't be alarmed!
4	Having stayed here a few times now, let me give you a suggestion.  It seems to me that the best rooms to stay is are the ones on the higher floors.  The rooms are great! The views of the valley and The Strip are AMAZING, if you are on a high enough floor.  My biggest complaint is that there really is no place to eat in the hotel.  There is a small walk through type of convenience store with a couple of outdoor patio style chairs and tables.   You can buy food like prepackaged cereal or oatmeal, muffins, yogurt - stuff like that. You can get coffee in the morning. However, forget late night snacks, it closes early. After the second time I stayed there, I heard you can go sit at the bar and order food that comes from the Aria, which is across the oddly designed entrance to the Vdara.  There is a place that looks like it is a restaurant, decorated in '70 style colors and decor. However, it is never open. It always say closed for an event.  That's just the sign they use so you don't realize that the place just never opens.
4	4 1/2 Stars. Really nice employees. Good size room. Clean. Non-smoking. Free wi-fi. Really liked having a kitchenette. Plus a soak tub, couch with pull out bed, and a large flat screen tv. Not having to walk through a casino to my room made the trip a lot more relaxing. A lot of people around the pool area all day but the hotel itself did not seem crowded at all. Location was so-so. It's not right on the strip. It's behind the Cosmo. But that does give you the option to either enter from the strip, or the west side of the freeway, which is good on the busy weekends. The few things I didn't like... Valet only. No self parking. And if you're looking for fast food or something quick to eat, be prepared to walk a few casinos over to get it. No place to really eat at Vdara. But buy something while you're out because you have a refrigerator to keep it in and a micro or stove to heat it up.
5	We stayed here for my bachelorette party and the room was awesome! I loved having a kitchenette (despite the fact that we didn't cook at all), fridge, and essentially two rooms. The employees were very friendly and helpful. They took care of our non-working fridge promptly.The soaking tub in the bathroom was simply amazing. I went to the nearby CVS to pick up some bubble bath so I could enjoy it. The view from our room looked out over the Bellagio, so we could watch the fountain show from our room if we wanted. It was nice not having to walk through a casino to get to the hotel elevators to get back to the room, giving the Vdara a more relaxing, resort-like atmosphere. The cafe in the lobby is just so-so. It's rather overpriced for what you get, so I'd recommend going elsewhere to eat. That's the only other downside of the Vdara, there isn't a real restaurant inside, so you have to go to the Aria or Cosmopolitan for a buffet or full-service restaurant. If you have the time and the funds, enjoy an afternoon renting one of the poolside cabanas. One of my friends treated us to this, and it was the most relaxing time we had there! The cabanas share a small, private pool, plus you get a mini-fridge stocked with fruits and snacks. Each cabana has four lounge chairs and offers food and drink service so you can eat poolside. The crabcake eggs benedict is incredible, as is the berry sangria.
3	Oh, Vdara. I wish I could like you more, but you're not as wonderful as you look on the outside.Check-in was at 3 p.m., but since me and my friends arrived around 11 a.m., we wanted to see if they could check us in early. The front desk said they'd have the room ready in the next two hours. 1 p.m. arrived and there was no phone call about being able to check-in yet. It was almost 3 p.m. and by then, we went back to the front desk and they said it was still not ready. What?! At first, they said it would take another half hour or so before we'd be able to go up and I'm not sure what happened, but after a couple of minutes, they said it was ready and we were on our way up.Although we got a nice, panoramic view of Vegas, we were a bit disappointed to find trash still underneath the sink, sticky table tops, traces of dry vomit on the sheets, and empty bottles left in the refrigerator. While they were very professional about taking care of the situation, it was still frustrating having to call the manager and explain the situation when all this could have been avoided if it was cleaned properly the first time.Not sure if I'd consider checking-in here again, but the hotel did do its job for the weekend. I'm just glad to be back home now - sans vomit-stained bed.
4	This is a great hotel though a little on the expensive side. Really nice employees, the room was pretty big and clean. They do charge a $25 resort fee for wi-fi, parking (hidden cost), and water. There is a small kitchen with hot plates, microwave and a small fridge which is convenient. They do not have a casino, so this makes it a more of a traditional hotel. It's on the strip so everything's close by.
4	Five friends and I planned a trip to Vegas just for the hell of it and ended up deciding on Vdara to try out a 2 bedroom suite.  We were on the 54th floor of this amazing hotel and couldn't have asked for more! Well, I guess we could've.  The blackout and shades on the windows weren't working properly, the engineer had told us they were all tangled up, but they came and fixed them while we were gone.  They were very quick to fix or replace things when we called and the staff was always very nice.  The rooms were pretty nicely sized and their bathrooms were very nice, but didn't have the bathtubs I was expecting and only had a bathtub in 1 restroom.  Also, the shower head in our restroom didn't have something to hold the head in shower position, instead we had to hold it and didn't realize there was a piece missing until the day we left.  The light in our closet was acting up, didn't turn on when it was supposed to, but stayed on when we closed the door and were trying to sleep.  The safe seemed a little small.  There was a resort fee of $100 a day (Yikes!!) that they hadn't mentioned on the many occasions that my friend called to confirm all of the charges.  The hotel is also valet only, which has it's pros and cons, and with a car like ours with a transmission problem I would have rather self parked it, but they took good direction and we got our car back every time with no issues or dings.  The suite was very clean and the decor was gorgeous,  the view was exquisite, the beds were soft and comfortable but they were only queen sized beds,  their customer service was awesome, and besides the small easily fixed items I described above, I had an awesome suite experience! So if you don't mind staying in a hotel with no casino, Vdara is the way to go, their prices are pretty reasonable, the hotel itself is easy to get to from every point on the strip and it's just a very nice hotel.
5	My boyfriend and I stayed for five nights at the Vdara a few weeks ago and we were not disappointed. He chose the hotel since I am not a smoker and do not gamble, and it was perfect for that criteria. We checked-in late and had no problem and also ended up with a great room with an awesome view. The rooms are suites and include a kitchen and living room. For the kitchen you must ask to have it stocked as it comes unstocked. The bathroom was really my favorite part. It includes a separate shower and bathtub which is nice based on what kind of relaxation you are looking for. I spent a few days at the pool, which was fine but not as resort style as the others. We ended up taking advantage of the free VIP passes you can get to the Aria "adult only" pool the last day and I wish I would've gone there during our stay. As for food, I recommend the cafe at the pool. The nachos are enough for 4 people to eat, and the service was great, especially if you go up to the bar. I was disappointed that the cafe/little store in the lobby closes early, but you can easily just walk through the tunnel to the Bellagio's which is open 24/7. Finally, I sat down for dinner at the bar in the lobby one night and was treated great. I highly recommend ordering the pizza for its the cheapest thing on the menu, delicious, and big enough for 2 people. In conclusion, I could probably live here and can't wait to come back.
2	My husband and I prefer to stay at hotels without a casino so we don't have to deal with the crowds, smoke, and noise when we don't want to. Vdara seemed like a perfect fit because we could party at Aria and Cosmopolitan and then retreat to a high end condo hotel. The hotel was nice enough for our discounted mid-week rate, but I would have been very unhappy if I had paid full price. The views are impressive, the check-in and concierge staff were great, and the valets are fast, but the bed was so firm that we had a hard time sleeping and the AC was hard to control ( too hot or too cold). There were some issues with housekeeping and service that you would not expect at such a high end condo hotel...We picked a hotel with a full kitchen so we could cook breakfast (I have prediabetes and need to watch what I eat). The kitchen is empty. No silverware. No dishes other than two coffee mugs and no pots or pans. You have to call housekeeping for everything. And "everything" did not include a cutting board, sharp knife, or scrub brush for cleaning. When the maid cleaned she took my dirty coffee cup and frying pan and didn't replace them so we had to call down for more the next morning. Seems like a waste of my time and the staff's time. The hotel was also out of laundry detergent for the rooms so even if you wanted to pay a premium for it you couldn't use the clothes washer without going shopping elsewhere.The refrigerator had one regular coffee pack and one decaf. There are two of us in the room, couldn't they spring for two regulars and two decafs so we wouldn't have to call housekeeping for more coffee? And no tea? Most people pay $300 a night for this hotel...I think the hotel could cover the cost of some tea bags. The people in the room next to us were a family with adult children and they had the same problem (including only getting two place settings for their entire family...lol). They also pointed out that the fold out bed was horribly uncomfortable for their kids.We booked a cabana and it was advertised as having the capacity for 8 people. I really think that 4 is the maximum if you want to be comfortable in the heat. It took over 40 minutes for a server to check in on us in our cabana. After that the service was a little more regular (every 30-40 minutes), but not what you would expect when paying for a cabana.  I was glad we paid the discounted mid-week rate for the cabana. We did, however, really enjoy the pool food and privacy of the cabana pool.We really liked the location and would only stay here again during the mid-week discount (but would select Trump over this hotel when we don't need to be near City Centre). This hotel will not be worth the weekend rate until they work out the kinks with their housekeeping service, AC, and invest in comfortable matresses.
5	My stay was great. The hotel is small since there's no casino but you just make a short walk to the cosmo and there's your casino. Every time my friends and i stepped into vdara we had to comment on the smell. My friend loved it so much she wanted to purchase whatever air freshener they use but never got around to asking. Rooms were a good rate and very spacious, I felt like I got what I paid for, it's not as large of a suite as the ones in venetian or palazzo but like I said you get more than enough for what you pay for. If you're younger and looking for a party then check into Cosmo but if you like quiet and comfortable book here. I've also stayed at the cosmo which was a lot of fun for my bachelorette but we ended up coming back to Vdara to use their spa facility. I've gotten their 50 minute swedish massage twice, and it's wonderful! They employ some different things I've never had done before like placing a hot stone on your lower back i figure to warm and loosen up the area before they get into the massaging. And the other thing I noticed was that they place little warmers over your feet ... it was unusual to me that they concentrated on my feet longer than I've ever really experienced at any other massage but it was nice because I was in heels the night before! Aside from the great massage, the facility is small but nice too. I went with 5 of my girlfriends and though it was small we felt like we had the whole place to ourselves bc there weren't many other guests. There's a small little jacuzzi, warming chairbeds, a sauna and steam room, lounge and quiet room. They have the basics but when we went that's all we needed to relax. I've also been to the Canyon Ranch Spa in the Venetian which was really fancy and nice but also way too crowded.
2	Major problems with communication and standardization of service. We had to change rooms FOUR times due to lack of cleanliness...and I don't mean some trash left over in the cans. I mean smudged windows, mirrors and left-over food in the fridge. In each room, different amenities were present or not present. Sometimes there was soap...sometimes not. One night we got a splendid turn-down service complete with little candies left on our pillows. The other two nights, the room looked barely touched. Sometimes we were left with a couple of waters in the fridge, sometimes 4 and sometimes none. Some amenities for the room, like silverware, dishware, cleansing liquids and cookware are only available on request, but you don't always get the same standard items. We were brought plates, but when we washed them, they were taken away and not replaced. We asked for laundry soap and were told that the hotel was out of stock. I looked on a housekeeping cart outside my room and there were about 10 boxes of it on the cart. Our keys were deactivated for no reason and, when I called the front desk, the clerk had no record of us in the room. I suppose they deactivated the keys because they thought the room was unoccupied. Hmmmm....The coffee shop is run and manned by children who do not communicate with each other. I was there 10 minutes and saw two transactions where lack of communication either caused the hotel to lose money or the customer to lose product. All this said, each interaction with a SINGLE PERSON is lovely. Housekeeping and support staff are kind. Front desk were helpful. Manager (named Kendall) was extremely professional and apologetic. However, there is no standard of service from floor to floor - much less room to room. Vdara has real promise. It is smoke-free and health oriented with a FABULOUSLY appointed gym/spa and pool area. The decor is beautiful and well matched. It could be a real gem on the strip, but this type of hodge-podge service is unacceptable. I hope that the staff are well treated and, if not, get off this ship before it sinks.
5	This is my go to hotel in Vegas now.  It is perfect for long or short stays.  The blackout shades are perfect for that quick afternoon nap to get ready for a long night.  A non-smoking, non-gaming hotel in Vegas seems odd, but it is great.  It is a short sky walk over to the Bellagio and Cosmopolitan plus Aria is right across the street.  This is a great spot tucked away from all the craziness of Vegas.  It offers the best of both worlds.Another big plus I found out upon checking out was you get points for your frequent flyer program! Not common with other Vegas hotels.
5	This is a pretty awesome place to stay if you need a place to decompress from the hustle and bustle of the casinos and the Strip.  All the suites have kitchens, which is awesome if you have the need to cook. Plus, eating out at so many mediocre restaurants gets old. And expensive. The suites are modern and contemporary. The bedrooms are a nice size and comfortable. Even though it's tucked away in the back of City Center (whether intentionally or unintentionally), you can walk to Bellagio from a walkway connected to the hotel, Aria and Cosmopolitan are walking distance next door, and the City Center Tram can drop you off at Crystals and the Monte Carlo and you're a short walk to Planet Hollywood. Service has been superb. If you use the kitchen in the suite, housekeeping will bring you utensils AND cookware!  Overall it's been a fantastic experience staying here. I can't be more pleased.The downside is the pool closes early, like 8pm on the weekends.  The wifi is free, which is awesome.
3	The hotel has the biggest rooms I have ever stayed in.Me and my family (5 including me).Pros:-Kitchen in the hotel-Very Nice Hotel-2 entrance bathroom(Only in the City Corner suites)Cons:-Only 1 King Bed and 1 sofa Queen.(average 2 queens)-Not Kid friendly (Good or Bad)      Me giving a 3 is because the service was not good.When we checked in(2-3 Pm) ,the employee told us that the room was not finished.We waited for a little over an hour and my dad decided to ask the customer service desk and we were told that 1 side of room's shades were broken.Later the employee gave us ONLY 2 keys and told us that the mechanic would come to fix the shades at 7:00 Pm.That was a good time for us because we would be out for dinner.I would give this hotel a 4 like how my dad does it,but the horrible service makes it a three.When we went into our room,the view was horrible.We paid more money for a bigger room with a better view,but we didn't get a good view and the room was in bad shape.We asked the front desk for a better view,but another view faces the freeway and the Rio hotel and Casino.ONCE AGAIN,MGM...........................FIX YOUR CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!Room:4 starsService:2 stars
4	Loved my room.  Only downside to this place is location and a relatively meh pool.  The rooms are very nicely appointed and have fridges, stove tops and microwaves.  So if you're going to be in town for a while and like to be able to heat up some left overs, or maybe you need to be able to prepare your own food, then this is the place.  They also have a cafe/market downstairs that has food items like a grocery store you can pick up for later in your stay. The location is a little rough if you plan on doing any touristy activities.  You do have a bit of access to the Bellagio, but you're so far off the strip that you've either got to take the monorail to the Monte Carlo, or you're gonna be in for quite the hike.  Gamblers in the group will have to huff it to the Aria across the way or next door to Bellagio.  The pool is just nothing really special and sort of small when you've seen some of the offerings at places like Mandalay Bay or the MGM.  But if the room is your main focus, you won't be disappointed here.  I didn't go to gamble, and I've been to Vegas too much to get touristy, so I loved my stay at the vdara.
1	if there is 1/2 start or no star, I will select it without any hesitation.room: 2 stars/ not as modern as I thought.  this is not even a 'suite', the dual electrical cooktop is right by the entrance door.  so don't get fooled.housekeeping: 5 stars/ really appreciate for their quickness and refill with any item that runs low...including the complementary water.parking: 2 stars/ no self parking structure.  valet only!!!  the nearest self parking is on the other side of Aria which will take you 15+ minutes to walk.dining: 1 star/ all depends on Aria.  the cafe by the lobby is expensive.last but not the least...bell service...the worst I've even seen.  especially the bell boy named 'Alex'.  I hope you get your butt fired by the time anyone read this post.  you went into the elevator together with my family and you left your cart with luggages flying around in the elevator which also hit my elderly mom (75 yr old) who was holding my daughter (21 months).  and you used the cart to hit my backpack to tell me to get out of your way and I had to turn my head and said to you 'I will let you out first'. because of you, I will tell any of my contacts not to stay at Vdara!  great job!
4	I read a number of reviews (both good and bad) before deciding to stay here on a brief 40 hour Las vegas hiatus a few weeks ago.  I had never stepped foot inside the Las vegas City Center since it's completion in 2009 even though I visit the city/Strip three times a year.This is a nice hotel for many of the reasons a myriad of other posters have noted (clean, non-smoking, non-gaming, quiet, nice rooms).  I stayed in the City Corner Suite which has 1 King, a pull out sofa bed, separate shower and bathtub, kitchenette (with stovetop, fridge, microwave), dining table, two flatscreens, and a washer and dryer unit.The fridge/freezer has an ice maker, so if you like to relax and get plastered before or after you donate multiple hundreds to the local economy, it's a nice, convenient perk.The negative regarding the room is that you apparently need to bring all of your own connections to whatever entertainment devices you would like to use, if need be.  I'm assuming the hotel probably has USB cables and audio/video chords if you ask, but it's odd in this day and age that there isn't some sort of audio-steroe-DVD player in the actual room.  I had my ipod and the girl at the desk told me there was a cable to connect it to the TV in the work desk, but I couldn't tell you where the actual connection was as I looked for a solid 15 minutes (and this was well prior to being plastered).They also give you a couple Keurig coffee's, but I didn't have a coffee maker in the room.  Again, I'm sure you can get one if you ask.There are two coffee cups and some random cocktail glasses supplied in the room, but no pots, pans, plates, utensils.That's just nitpicking there and none of the above comments bothered me at all because, again, it's a nice room, the bed's comfortable and it has a unique layout.As far as the 'convenience' of the hotel, I find some of the reviews laughable where people say it's off the beaten path and it's confusing to get in and out of.  My guess is that, if you're driving there, it could be a bit challenging, but you just have to take a ramp where the arrows point up to the two hotels (Vdara and Aria).If you're walking around (like most human beings do who visit this city), you're 8-10 minutes from the Strip if you walk through either the Bellagio or The Cosmopolitan.  The Bellagio is literally connected to Vdara while you have to walk outside, down a flight of stairs and across one lane of traffic to get to The Cosmopolitan.  There's also a tram that's in between the Bellagio and Vdara, but I'm not sure where the hell it goes to.  I think it goes as far south as Monte Carlo, but not positive.You can reach the southern end of the Strip by walking outside and through the Aria, which is a three minute walk away.  I'd say it will take you twenty minutes to walk from the Vdara Lobby to, say, the NYNY (which I did three times).  So it's really no big deal at all unless you're extremely high maintenance (sorry fellow reviewers).If you're looking for a change of pace from the regular Strip scene (as I was), give this place a shot.  You could do much, much worse and I thought the $ for the rom type was a very good bargain.
4	Not a bad place to stay. Valet is for hotel guests only, so be sure to have your hotel key.Beautiful interior, I do remember that the place smells good upon entrance =PSecurity at the elevator entrance, again, be sure to have a key! Rooms are pretty damn nice. Very modern and clean. Only thing I really did not enjoy was the mattress.. and the window blinds do not completely black out =/ the switches are sometimes hard to operate as well. I think this is one of the better hotels I've stayed at on the strip. I don't think I'd be as willing to come back since there's no casino located in Vdara, which means you gotta walk to other casinos, so if there's an event outside of Vdara & Aria, I wouldn't want to stay here, it's a pain to walk or taxi out if you wanna go gamble somewhere else.
5	I love love love this hotel.  No casino.  No smoking.  Need I say more?Luckily, my boyfriend and I were able to stay here the past weekend paid for by his company to attend Defcon.  The Deluxe King room with the lake view that we stayed in was absolutely amazing.  The view of the Bellagio fountains through the huge panoramic windows left us breathless.  The room was significantly larger than most other standard Vegas hotel rooms.  The decor was contemporary and the bathroom was luxurious.  The bed was very comfortable as well.  I used to call Bellagio my favorite Vegas hotel.  Now it's neck to neck with Vdara.  Writing this review, I'm just realizing how much fun I had this weekend.  Here comes the vacation blues......
5	This is a great "Hotel Only" hotel in Las Vegas.  It is very modern in its design and I cannot remember a better night's sleep.  The rooms are fantastic with 2 TV's living space, kitchen, and a very large bathroom.  The hotel is right next door to the Bellagio but it is somewhat of a walk to get there.  If you are looking for food...good luck...they have a restaurant downstairs but the quick bites are not around.  Overall, a great experience even though I am writing this review based on my stay 1-2 years ago.
5	If your plan is to score a cheap thrill from one who's acting a fool and stumbling out of the club, then take that person to downtown Vegas or find yourself a sleazy motel. If you have quality company that deserves a lot more than weak tricks and theatrics, then consider Vdara. This non-casino, eco-friendly, and smoke-free property is located in the back corner of the City Center area. Write this down playas, if you want to impress your lady friend(s), book a stay at this classy joint. It's mad money.You can easily walk over to the Cosmopolitan or Aria hotels from the Vdara, including the City Center if you can afford to spend loot at those shops there. Also, there's a monorail that connects you to adjacent hotels if you so choose to take.Valet it, even if it's a '97 Honda Civic on chrome Enkei rims and an exhaust system that will instantly fail a smog check. If you haven't figured it out by now, valet service at Vegas hotels work on discretionary tip. Don't be so frugal, minimum $2-3 bucks at least please. These folks do work hard especially when it's 106 outside. Besides, I don't think they even have self parking available for you. So bring in that hoopty, it's all good.Even though there isn't a casino in this hotel, the lobby area can still be quite vibrant and occupied by all sorts of mammals. There's a lounge that seems to attract people at all hours. The elevators are guarded 24/7 by the grey suits so make sure you have your room key with you at all times. We got to stay on the 38th floor and most importantly in a corner room. This place was sick. Windows all around the entire room: from the long corridor/hallway leading to the full kitchen, passed the washer and dryer to the living room into the bedroom, and finally leading in the restroom. We nearly had 360 degrees of view; it was more like 270 degrees. All the windows are controlled by electronic shades. For a darker enclosure, hit the "black out" button. Stainless steel is found throughout the kitchen which is stocked with glasses, silverware, plates and bowls. The refrigerator is huge enough to store food for a Greek family's two weeks worth of goods. The bathroom had a separate toilet section followed by an all glass shower. The separate tub sits right next to it while facing out the windows. You will be able to soak in all the lovely visuals of the city as you frolic in the tub.The free mini gym offers state of the art cardio machines and weight machines. There's not too many dumb bells to work with so if the place is packed with meat heads then good luck. They offer fresh towels, water, and even headphones to connect you to their equipment. Flat screens were posted all over the place with ESPN blasting away. The gym is located next to the spa on a separate floor.Calling it a "room" or a "suite" here is by far a total understatement. It was more like an upscale and high end one bedroom apartment or condo. I've been impressed by many top hotels in Sin City but this one just seemed to be very intimate as compared to the others. The Vdara is ideal for couples, honeymooners, people who travel in style, or even for families. But let's say you had 5+ dudes wanting to bunk up in a single one bedroom here, I'd probably pass and look for other options. Otherwise, this place is sick with it.
4	I really enjoyed the stay at vdara. It's really awesome that the hotel is non smoking. I didn't have to worry about taking a shower again, just because I passed the casino floor like all the other places. The location is central strip and we just walked everywhere (very convenient). Vdara does not have self park at this time. Complimentary valet (awesome).The room deal I got said two complimentary buffets (thought it was only for a day). Turns out it was two breakfast/brunch buffets for two people daily (another win). Vdara does not have a buffet, we had to walk to Aria. I stayed in the *deluxe suite* with my boyfriend. The decor was very contemporary, however, there were flaws to its design. First example, there is no master light control switch by the bed so we had to walk all the way to the door. Second, the boarder around the tub did not have a drain so when the water slightly overflowed, it'd flood all over the floor. Third, not enough places to hang towels so they were all around our room. Bath robes & silverware are available upon request. Pool size was a bit small in my opinion. Elevators are superb. Very fast & it doesn't even feel like you're moving :)Despite the minor complaints in design, everything else was fabulous. I would definitely stay here again!
4	Such a nice change from the usual hotels in Las Vegas!We got a big group of people together and split the cost for the City Corner Suite.  Check-in was a breeze, and all the employees were very helpful and nice.  There were a couple things I noticed right away about this hotel.  Beautiful decor.  No smokey smell.  No loud noises from the casino... it's like an oasis in a sea of craziness!And the rooms... SO NICE!  They have a kitchen area with a full fridge, stove, coffee maker, and even cabinets.  They have a sofa and a oversized chair, two large flat screen TV's, a big and comfy bed, amazing views, a large vanity, shower, tub, and sliding doors for privacy between the bedroom, living area, kitchen, and bathroom.  Major plus?  We got a knock at the door around 7:30 our first night there to a full plate of cookies.  Just because.  Seriously?  How cool is that.  And when we called about getting more towels, extra pillows, and extra blankets, they came quickly.  We got a deal package for "Winter Wonderland" since we went in February, and it included $50 credit to use however we'd like.  We decided on room service.   It came quickly, the food was good, and our stomachs were happy.  They even have a little shuttle running between the Vdara, Aria, and Bellagio.  I think it stops every 10-15 minutes.  I would definitely stay here again if I find myself in Vegas in the near future.  It's a little pricey, so I would definitely split the cost of the room with a group!
5	I stayed there at least 8 times the past 2 years. And with the employees and everything around the city center you get the most for your money. The bartenders down stairs very humble and cool to the front desk everyone very chill. Coming from Hollywood and stuck up people to get away this hotel will be the only place I will stay and that's that
2	Wow!  I used to really enjoy staying at the Vdara.  After our recent stay here, I'm having to reconsider.  What hotel room doesn't have a coffee pot now-a-days???? We asked the concierge if we can get a coffee pot in our room. He said the only rooms that have coffee pots are the suites.  He said he would call and see if there were any extra coffee pots available.  The concierge called while we waited.  We were told there were no extra coffee pots available. So what does that mean, if a coffee pot in a suite breaks, they wouldn't be able to replace it for the guest.  Not likely! So we had to go to the little cafe inside Vdara.  Two small cups of coffee and two danishes totaled $27. Hmmm ~ maybe this is why the Vdara doesn't want you to make coffee in your room.A day later, we return to the concierge for assistance is obtaining tickets to a show.  This was a different concierge, a lady.  She was practically as useful as the man the day before.  She didn't want to look for the tickets.  She said she has never filled a request to get tickets for The Bodies Exhibit and Titanic.  The reason we went to her for the tickets is because I called the Exhibit to get tickets and they told me the Vdara concierge can take of it for us.  The Vdara concierge acted as if she didn't want to deal with it.  However, she finally picked up the phone and asked another employee and she was finally able to figure out how to get us tickets.  The only time we have ever gone to the concierge for assistance...I thought their purpose was to GLADLY assist the guests. Not at the Vdara!
4	So we reserved the executive city corner suite last weekend for 3 people. The place was super nice, the own downfall was that we were facing away on from the strip, I was hoping to get a room facing the other way. Anyways, this place is pretty nice, I actually liked the fact that this place did not have a casino or slot machines, that means the area was smoke free (for the most part) and if I wanted to gamble I would just walk next door to Aria... literally. Anyways we checked in on a friday night late, it was quiet in the hotel all weekend. It was real nice that the place was away from the noises of the strip but you just have to take the tram to be on the strip. I thought it was a price location and a really nice place. I love the touch of the automated blinds controlled by the wall controllers. This place is pretty classy and clean for the price we paid. I would definitely stay here again! Nice touch on the Kerig!
3	*FIRST TIME REVIEW FOR VDARA*i arrived here for my stay at Vdara for the 8/8/12-8/10/12..i sure wouldve stayed an extra day if it didnt cost me a whole body or two to stay here! my bf and i drove to vegas and when we first got here, we were a bit confused at their valet system because the roads were a lil weird since they share it with Aria. but we got the hang out of it, right when we got our of car..we were imediately greeted and offered for bell hop service. we politely declined and moved onto the lobby.front desk-i got here around 2pm (since that is the check in time for several hotels) so i guess that would be a reason why the line was going really slow to check in. but NO, it was because they only had TWO employees/ladies working the frront desk and had two needy ass couples they had to dealt with. so the line i was in which did have 3 people waiting to check in (including myself) turned into 12 people in line! you would think they would call for back up or something. no they didnt..they did have a random guy in the front desk area who had glasses on with a caramel complexion just walking back and front and doing nothing. i didnt get it. front desk was a breeze after 25 mins waiting in line. i had to ask for my complimentary buffet tickets (which i wish i didnt have to because it should be a given) and the weird thing was usually every hotel ive been at usually asks if i would like to upgrade my room..they didnt, but if they did i think i wouldve. $$ lost for them and btw $25 for resort fees each night PLUS  an extra $3 resort tax to it each day as well. total $56 bucks! yes, its ridiculous!the room-we got the standard deluxe suite and the room was amazingly clean. i loved the dark wood decor and modern feel to it. i was a little bit dissapointed in the size of the room. i mean, i knew it was their standard room but i wouldve just called it a deluxe room instead of a suite...prb because it had a mini kitchen thats why they had to call it a suite? LOL.we did use their kitchen to save money on us buying food out on the strip, their fridge SUCKS in size/space!!! i mean cmon why give us a kitchen if we cant store the food we bring in it. it was like the depth of a boot size shoe box. i had to sit on the floor and reconfigure every container of meat i brought so the door can close! their electric stove IS amazing though...i dont why there wasnt any dish soap or even a place to hang your dry dishes after you washed them..so i had to improvise by using their bathsoap to wash. the bathroom was on the small size in my opinion but every amenity in there was a great. we used the bathtub - which was a decent  size and the shower can fit two people but it was smaller than what i was used to. the countertop/sink area was on the small size for me as well..i had to move their vdara products and bath dishes to my bf's side because it was so small for me to put all of my bath necessities there.the view was great and the bed was probably THE MOST AMAZING BED i ever slept on. my bf and i would be so damn tired from the day/night's events and when we woke up the next day -we were def refreshed and none of our muscles ached!the hotel itself-vdara doesnt tolerate any smoking nor does it have a casino. at first i thought it wouldnt be a problem but since my bf and i do like to gamble here and there..it wouldve been nice to gamble inside of our own hotel. although it was a nice change and i could see vdaras view on why they did so. we didnt mind walking to aria or bellagio to gamble and eat anyways. i didnt see why people were complaining about the walk from vdara to the strip...youre gonna walk everywhere and for a good amount of distrance anyways! vdara didnt have a great selection or should i say nearly any resturant/food options..they had a lil market area but that place was so overpriced than usual vegas prices...because it was organic and all the natural fancy nancy foods haha. so my bf and i just ate at aria or any other close by estashblishments. would i stay here again or not? -most likely not, although i did enjoy the convience of the location and modern amaneties..it didnt live up to some of the cons i had for this hotel. i think im more drawn and spoiled from my last stay at cosmopolitan. i would  probably stay next door to Aria since it did have the ameneties i was looking for and etc;or back to cosmo.
4	The only things that kept me from giving this a five star were as follow:*Very confusing to know where to park?  There is no self park unless you want to park at the ARIA which is very far away from the hotel if you are hauling luggage.  They do have valet which we don't mind.  We love valet but I know not everyone does.  To get to Valet is confusing too. Go into the CRystals entrance not the ARIA.  You would have to drive in a circle.  For first timers... its confusing.  The second time not so much.    *The pool is small compare to other pools in Vegas.  It was kind of overcrowded and I think it was because of the size.  More like family oriented instead of party crowd.  *Our fridge wouldn't cool.  That sucked we complained about that but they didn't really fix it. *The bed was too firm.  I was kind of dissapointed in this because the ARIA beds are the best that I ever slept in.  My husband said it was the same but I don't think it was.*The front desk told us our resort fee was "taken care of."  When I hear that I think they aren't going to charge us for it but to our suprise they did... $25 each night.Now... things that were GREAT at the VDARA.*The smell. As soon as you walk in there is such a pleasant smell.  I love it!*The room.  We paid $75/night in priceline for a couple of weekday nights.  It was a great suite.  The view was awesome (Belagio side... we could see the fountains).   It was clean, it was modern, two flat screens. Perfect. *The service was awesome as soon as we called for something they would be right up and then followed up with a phone call.  Hardly any wait too. *The Gym... great.  I loved their elliptical machine and they had clean towels and water ready at the machine.  I would recommend the VDARA and I will stay there again.
2	Against my better judgment I decided to give the Vdara a whirl which is supposed to be comparable to the Trump, except it's on the south side of the strip.First impressions: beautiful lobby; front-desk girl was flawless. The rest of our hotel experience? God-awful; The Vdara should be embarrassed and ashamed.They act like being "eco-friendly" is a perk. --There's no water pressure so it took me a half hour to shower. --The maids do not service the rooms.Boom. That's the definition of eco-friendly.The hotel maids DID, however, STEAL my cute club clothes hanging in the closet; Lost and Found obviously said they don't have them.Having a choice between 2 queens or a king is standard in most hotels; Not the Vdara. U get one king unless u pay double the price."Remember, insist on one king-sized bed -- because two queens is kind of gay." -- Stephen Colbert http://on.cc.com/NsdThP ...Did I mention there's no coffee maker? Cuz there's not one ... Imagine that. A 5-Star "resort" with no coffee maker. That's a basic amenity, folks.If you want an upscale hotel on the strip book the Trump. It will not disappoint.Aaah, The Vdara! Run away! Here, let me help you: http://www.trumphotelcollection.com/las-vegas/
5	Beautiful hotel. Clean air no smoking! First class all the way. Free WiFI in the lobby. Will be back again
2	Okay. Yes this is a nice hotel but as young as I am and I still like to go out this is not it. Place is modern, simple and cute but not worth it. Especially if you're planning on going to places around the street.Plan on taking the cab everywhere and be ready for a fee for each night you're there for. As everyone said, you have to ask for the kitchen stuff and they will definitely clean your room everyday. There's no " do not disturb" sign. So the best way to get to the strip is to walk towards bellagio especially when its like 108 degrees outside. Instead of going outside to the front you'll go over a bridge and into the a lobby/empty entrances and just follow the hallway. You'll stay cool, plus its a better easier than walking towards cosmo! Overall, my next hotel in Vegas would definitely not be Vdara.
5	This is our favorite Vegas hotel.  As I am writing this, we're getting ready to leave for our fourth stay at Vdara this year.  It all started a few years ago when we were looking for a mini-vacation and were torn between Vdara and Aria.  We went with Vdara because it's nonsmoking.  We haven't looked back.  Prior to Vdara opening, we enjoyed THEhotel at Mandalay Bay but it's too far south on the strip for us.  It was a little confusing the first time around to find the valet but we simply followed the signs and found ourselves in front of the hotel.  (We did do our research ahead of time and found out that Vdara did not have a parking lot so we had two options: park a little further away at Bellagio or Aria or valet.)  We ended up using valet our entire stay.  I have to admit that having to valet each time is a little annoying but it's still pretty inconvenient at hotels with parking structures.  Ever try to find your way out of the Miracle Mile shops to get to the Planet Hollywood parking structure or walk through the cobblestones at Paris?  Most people don't have cars when they visit Vegas.  We always rent one because we enjoy getting off the strip.For the reviewer that said there's no do not disturb sign.  The do not disturb is built into the electronic panel near the door. The entire suite is controlled by these electronic panels placed throughout the suite.  It's not as complicated when you're staying in a regular suite but when you stay in one of the larger suites, you end up running around the suite trying to figure out which panels control which portion of which shade.  When we got married in May, we (and most of our bridal party and family) stayed at Vdara even though our wedding was actually off the strip in Summerilin.  My room blocks were set up about a year before the wedding so were were able to lock in great rates.  The prices jumped through the roof after the Mayweather fight was announced.  We've always stayed on the Bellagio fountain view side so we don't know how the views are from a different side of the hotel.  We did stay in a panoramic suite once that had a partial Aria view but it was only partial.  The amenities in the larger suites are a bit nicer than the regular suite (full fridge, washer/dryer, Keurig coffee brewer...) but we have been perfectly happy with the amenities of the regular suite.  For our wedding stay, we stocked the fridge full with alcoholic beverages, juices, Keurig k-cups, and other snacks for our family and friends to stop by in the days leading to the wedding.  I did a tour of the rooms before booking the suite because I was looking for a particular layout.  I wanted the vanity for hair and makeup.  I ended up booking the corner suite.The only thing I'm not entirely happy about is the fact that they've changed from using Aveda toiletries to their own brand.  I loved collecting the little bottles of rosemary mint shampoos.  But it's pretty minor. Since discovering Vdara, I've stayed at other hotels a few times.  (Not by choice.  I was going with a group of girls so we stayed at the same hotel that everyone else selected.)  Each time I stay at a different hotel and each time I walk through the lobby of Bellagio, I am reminded of how much I hate having to walk through the crowded casino to find the elevators.  I get so turned around so I end up spending 15 minutes walking around in a circle. My husband stayed at the Cosmo for his bachelor party and he said he preferred Vdara.We're not the type that use hotel staff services very often.  We travel with very few bags so we never use services of the bellhop.  We don't order room services.  We don't ask for additional towels.  During our wedding we did have to call for assistance for many things.  First I rented a full size SUV to drive all my wedding items to Vegas.  The fiance flew in two days after I arrived.  When I got to valet, I needed help with two wedding dresses, two rehearsal dinner dresses, 40+ out of town gift bags, bridal party gift bags, cork board for my escort cards, personalized water bottles for our in-room refrigerator, plus a multitude of wedding items.  To top it all off, the following day I came back with a few cases of beer, alcoholic beverages, mixers, macarons for the favors...the bell desk helped us with all these items.  We also had to call down for room service the third day there because fiance was hungry since he didn't eat the night before and immediately went out drinking.  Since we brought a lot of snacks and food into the room, we went through a lot of dishes, glasses, and flatware.  We ran the dishwasher and then discovered it was broken.  The engineer could not fix the dishwasher so he sent housekeeping with additional dishes, flatware, and glasses for us to use throughout our stay.  I felt bad for not washing them and just letting the dirty dishes pile up.  We also had a lot of trash.  The staff did a great job and we made sure we tipped well.
2	Limo driver was rude.Bags were lost for the entire first dayNo turndown service as requestedConcierge just left in the middle of my question with no explanation.No blackout curtains in Vegas.Pool was tinyOverall poor experience
4	Got a great room for a great price. Bed was super comfortable, had a pull-out couch for the 4 of us. Great views and a full kitchen, dining area in our room. We were early to check in and had a late check out, and the front desk was super nice about holding our bags and giving us pool passes throughout our stay.  Whenever we would call downstairs for extra towels, glasses, or to help with a problem we were promptly taken care of.  Great pool and service too. Overall a relaxing and lovely stay with no complaints.  No casino in the resort either (as it was originally built to be a condominium), so we avoided bright lights and second hand smoke during our stay, which was nice. Would come again!
2	Meh.  My husband and I went to celebrate our friends anniversary and stayed 3 nights.  The desk staff was very friendly but the line for check in was s-l-o-w.  Our room  was okay until the second afternoon when the air conditioning developed a smell like backed up sewer.  After midnight we finally were moved to another room.  It was okay but nothing special.
3	I have mixed feelings for this hotel because I came here with a group of girls. I think it isn't really a good place for a group but aside from that the room is beautiful, the bathroom is great, the shower is good and the view in the city corner suite is amazing.I think in general, I love the innovations that Vdara has made. Yes it's a non-gaming hotel which I like a lot since there is a lot less fuss when you walk in about navigating your way to the elevators to get into your rooms. There is also a lot less smoke which is always nice. I do like the innovative way in which you can open and close your blinds, except one of ours was stuck and didn't work at all so I think with technology comes some challenges. It was also confusing getting our room cleaned, apparently we have to press some buttons and someone accidentally pressed the do not disturb. Although I like this idea, haha I still like the traditional door tag a little better.The bed was comfortable, the shower was good but for a lot of girls and only one shower with a bathroom that does not have a door? Even if I'm staying with a significant other I don't want to use the toilet in front of them. How weird! The mini kitchen was nice, but I think we were promised some kind of media station and that did not happen. Overall I'd stay here again, but I don't know if it would be worth full price considering some of the traditional amenities you'd get in more traditional Vegas hotels and the price you pay for all the gadgets in Vdara...
5	I don't know why everyone's hatinnnn. I love this hotel! Pros:- THE BEDS FEEL LIKE CLOUDS! I came here with a group of 9 and of course, girls got the beds while guys got the sofa bed. My friend jumped on the bed and raved about how it felt like sleeping on a cloud, while my other guy friend jumped onto the sofa bed and complained that it bruised his ribs...So, if you're coming with a big group. CLAIM THE BED! It's amazing- kitchen area! I love the kitchen area and the huge fridge! Perfect for all your drinks (if you know what I mean) It's perfect for pregaming and hanging out. LOVE! - NO SMOKING! OMG, this is probably one of the kickers for me. I hate walking around the casinos and getting second hand smoke and this hotel has neither of them! No casino and no smokers! It's basically my vegas heaven. - SUPER CLOSE TO COSMO! Ok, What's the next best thing to staying at the cosmo? Staying at a hotel within walking distance of the cosmo!! It's sooooo convenient, seriously walking distance. - FREE VALET!!Cons: - Very quiet. I always feel bad coming back super late just because I feel like I'm going to wake someone. - Parking. I still don't know where it is and I've been here 3 times now? BUT FREE VALET!Well that's about it for my cons. Honestly, still I don't understand why everyone is hating. I love this hotel and it's the next best thing to the cosmo. BUT if  you want to gamble...this is not the place to be
3	I recently stayed here for my b-day and a mini family get-a-way. Over all my experience was so-so? When staying at hotels like Vdara I expect to have a wonderful experience.  When In fact it was quite the opposite. When booking our stay we were offered a $50 room credit, but when checking out they were not going to apply it, until we reminded them. Also, when booking they asked the nature of our stay. I told them it was for my bday, and I was taking my family there who where coming from Michigan. They did not acknowledge my b-day  during our stay (disappointment). We decided to stay at Vdara because the rooms where built to be like apartments. They have a kitchen in them, which is great when you are coming with your family. You can make and prepare food in your room. But upon our arrival we discovered they did not offer any kind of kitchen utensiles, pots, pans, etc... Which just seems ridiculous! Why would you have a kitchen with out providing these items? No one travels with cooking equipment! Not even a coffee machine in the room, or a tea selection! Which is standard in any room I have stayed in. And I travel frequently..world wide! Ohh, yeah and they double charged us for our stay. Now dealing with the credit card companies and hotel. That is extra annoying! On a positive note, the hotel was clean. Amazing beds and bedding!
1	In booking 2 hospitality suites,4 months prior to arrival, I requested for both of the suites to be on the same floor and for one of the rooms to have two beds. I was told they would try to accommodate my requests. On my arrival none of those requests were taken into account. I was okay with that until the invited guest check in host said that the suites were pre assigned to guests already who booked in advance. When she saw that I booked 4 months in advance she had a shocked face and just said there were no rooms on the same floor. 30 minutes later, when I complained to another host, all of a sudden there was another room on the same floor. This entire process took over 2 hours and I felt like I wasted so much of my time at the counter.Also, there was one person in line ahead of me in the invited guest check in line and the regular line moved much faster, helping around 10 people before I was helped.Another complaint was I was not given my spa passes until the last day, which I had to ask for and was not able to use. I asked if one of the other guests that were staying at the Vdara could use it and I was told "No" because I had to be present. I was just very unsatisfied and disappointed about everything there.   I was given 2 rooms on the same floor but it took over two hours before the problem was resolved. I was given 2 champagne bottles and a $25 room credit for each room. I feel that this type of compensation was so minute given the fact that I was celebrating a big occasion at Las Vegas and brought in more than 10 people to book a room at Vdara. I do not recommend staying here.
4	My 'in-laws' stayed here and invited us up to check out the room, so my review isn't so much about a stay as a quick look-around.The first thing I noticed, even outside in the valet area, was that it smelled great. They must pipe the smell in, since it was the same throughout the hotel. The lobby is tasteful and impressive and the elevators are easily the prettiest I've ever seen. The room they stayed in was gorgeous. A sitting area and the bedroom were separated by a divider with a large tv on either side. The entryway featured a mini kitchen, complete with two-burner electric stove. The bathroom had both a glass-enclosed shower and a huge stand-alone tub. The far wall wasn't really a wall at all, but a huge window with a fantastic view. Blackout curtains and sheers were controlled with a switch (the blackouts were pretty effective). A tip for those staying here or visiting the hotel: there's no self-park; valet is your only option.
2	Pros-Quiet rooms and hotel is overal quiet-Smaller crowds because there is no Casino-Clean-Friendly staff. Asked if we could get a strip view and with 30 minutes of deliberation she found us one.-Good locationCons-Understaffed severely! We waited 30 minutes to check in. We waited 30 minutes to get our car from Valet and it wasn't until we asked Valet where our car was that they mentioned they brought out the wrong car! They need a supervisor at each of these hospitality needs to gauge the customers. If they are ancy chances are something is wrong with the service and you should cater to their needs or ask how you can help.-Temperature of rooms fluctuates so much. It was hard to get a good night's sleep. -Water pressure in the shower was not good and I assume it's to be eco friendly.-Tried to call Valet and Front Desk several times to pull car up or to check out and no one ever answered. -Staff is a little unorganized. Poolside staff tried to have us take the blame on ordering the wrong drinks. Instead of apologizing, she guilted us into keeping our drinks or they would have to throw them out.I would not stay here again. Vdara has had consistent complaints on trip advisor, online, and through Yelp. Have they changed any of these complaints? No. Will not recommend to anyone.
4	Stayed here, 8/24-8/25.Spa: Offered one of the best massages I have ever had. The price was reasonable at $140 for 50 minutes for a deep tissue massage and the ambiance was fantastic with access to the spa until closing.Room Service: Ordered the Chicken Cesar Salad which took about 20-25 minutes to get to my room. Came with bread and they brought extra ice tea for me as well. The food overall was delicious. Market Cafe: Had the skinny scramble, not so great. Pretty crowded in the mornings as a lot of people who are trying to catch flights seem to eat breakfast here.Checkout: Simple with video checkout from your room.Overall: Booked this hotel on hotwire.com for about $150 a night. It was a great deal for a Friday/Saturday night trip. I enjoyed everything at the hotel. They offer complimentary valet parking although, it can take a bit of time for them to pull your car around. My one attempt at calling down to the valet desk, the line was busy so I just went down myself. Easy access to city center and other strip destinations.
4	I've never given a hotel a 5 as each one is unique in it's own way so not really sure what perfection is!! We came here for our wedding anniversary weekend 8/24-8/26 and it was an amazing experience from the start (my first time in Vegas with my wife :-). We cabbed it from the airport and check-in was super easy and the staff was very friendly and attentive. The first thing that I noticed and loved was that there wasn't a mass of people at the lobby like at Cosmo or Aria so it was easy to get to our rooms as the lobby area isn't huge. Also, the hotel smells great inside...whatever scent they are pumping into that place needs to be sold!!When I walked into our room, there was a surprise waiting for us: champagne, chocolate covered strawberries, and rose petals from the door to the bedroom, bed, bathroom, and tub! My wife didn't specify on what to do, but just said that it was our anniversary and asked if they could do something special. The room itself was cool as it had a kitchen with a range, microwave and a mini-fridge and minibar. The living room and bedroom were separated by a half wall that had a flat screen t.v. on both sides. The bathroom was spacious with a shower and separate tub.The overall service was very good from food service (for breakfast and they made quite a spread on the kitchen table!) and the spa. The pool is smaller than the pools at the other hotels, but not too bad. The only thing they need is to add more waiters outside by the pool area. It took us a while before we got served. The food and drinks were great!Being as this was my first non-casino hotel stay in Vega, I really loved the experience and would do it again. Cosmo is right next to you (we were on the 34th floor and could hear a bit of the music from Marquee below) Aria is across from you and the strip (Planet Hollywood area) about a 10 min walk from the lobby so everything is quite accessible.So if you are a married couple, family or a bunch of ladies who want to feel super pampered, and still stay close to the madness of Vegas then Vdara is the right place in Vegas! If you went with a bunch of guys/girls who want to party hard, gamble all the time, and party at a day pool, this is not the right place!
4	Stayed here for the first time 8/18-8/21. I had to get used to the fact that there was no casino in it...after all, you're in Vegas! Having no casino there made the stay a little more relaxing. If you DO need to get to a casino quickly, you are very close to Aria, Cosmo, and Bellagio. With Aria being the quickest casino to get to. Vdara is a smoke-free hotel also, which is really nice. Once you open the front doors to the lobby, you get a nice whiff of the fragrance that is pumped through the vents of the hotel. I heard you can buy the fragrance also in the Spa & Salon. Check-in seemed to go smoothly. They have these nice floral displays by the front desk in these round bowl vases. We got the Executive Corner Suite, which was really nice!  Had a small dining area and kitchenette along with a stack-able washer and dryer and a small powder room. Our room was located on the 5th floor only and we had a view of the tram...not the most nicest view. I thought maybe since we had a bigger suite we'd be higher up. The bed was very comfortable to stay in and i slept like a baby every night! The main bathroom was abnormally large with a lot of extra space. It did have a double vanity which was nice. I was impressed by how modern the unlocking of the door was...just rub the room card against the designated area on the door and it unlocks. And instead of a Do Not Disturb sign that hangs on the front door handle, all you do is push a button from the inside. Same goes if you want maid service...just push a button. I guess the newer Hotels are becoming more modern with this type of stuff.I did use the Spa and Salon service while we were here, thanks to my hubby!  The staff is very friendly. They have multiple services to choose from. I suggest you make an appointment in advanced. There are some services they only do on certain days so if you call ahead you can make sure the service you want is available. For the Spa area, they take you to an upstairs area and supply you with a plush robe and sandals to wear and a locker for your personal items. This is the same robe that is in the room closets also. You have full access to all the amenities there till the Spa closes which is wonderful! They have a main lounge area with a TV, variety of nuts to eat, tea, and water.  There is also a jacuzzi/sauna area, shower, and multiple vanities with hair products to use. For the massages, they take you to another area where the massage rooms are and another lounge area, which was co-ed. They had a meditation room that you can use after your massage  with these chaise lounge chairs to lay in which had a wall fountain. The music playing was very serene. Now for my massage! The masseuse was very friendly and asked a few times if everything was okay for me. She always called me by name too. The massage itself was so relaxing, that i was very close to falling asleep!! I believe my masseuse's name was Nniya. (not sure on spelling) :)After my massage i changed back into my regular clothes and went downstairs to the Salon area to get a blowout for my hair. Teddy was there to do my hair. First was the washing...which she made sure my hair was nice and clean. Then to the chair for the styling. I wanted loose curls and she did a great job! She curled my hair while blow drying it and using hair brushes as my curlers. No curling iron needed. I've never seen this done before and was surprised how great my hair turned out! She was friendly and made you feel very comfortable.Didn't have any of the food from the Market Cafe, but we did eat from Bar Vdara. the beef sliders and fries were really yummy and the cocktail, Grown Up Grape Soda was delicious!!Here are some of the Pro's and Con's i had about Vdara:Pro's - Center of the strip and close to lots of great restaurants and shops.- Spa and Salon were nice- Bed was comfortable- Kitchenette, washer and dryer in the room- Smoke-free- 2 bottles of water are supplied for you each day with maid service. (although they didn't give us any on the last maid service there)Con's- The hotel lobby needs another small store for mainly toiletries and other stuff. The Market Cafe had a small wall of these but it's mainly a restaurant and what they had was very limited. - The black out curtains are not really "black out curtains". Its a digital shade that comes down, but it doesn't cover the ends of the window seal so there's gaps on each end of each window which lets enough light in to wake you up!
3	edit 8/29 - well VDARA reached out to me saying they've addressed the issues with the departments, and apologized for our previous stay. They asked us for another chance to stay with them to show how Vdara truly is.  I appreciate the offer, plus the quick response to my issues.  Though we have no immediate plans to visit Vegas, Guest Relations extended the offer even longer due to the distance of where I live. thank you VDARA - hopefully our next stay will be better!Im not sure how anyone could consider this a 5-star resort. Some employees are obviously not up to par.  But some are amazing.  Front desk and valets were awesome! House keeping not so much. The elevator security may look the part in a suit... but lack refinement.The first day of housekeeping was a disaster. Mixture of us first forgetting to turn on DND light, forgetting to turn off when we had lunch. We had it done at 2pm when we hit the pool.  When we came back the door was not closed. They left cleaning solution in the room. Nothing was missing, so we decided to just let it be.2nd morning again we forgot the DND light. A guy rings bells saying he needed to stock mini bar. I told him we were still sleeping...but he was insistent/rude about being quick. I just let him in so I could get back to sleep. So our mini bar wasn't filled before we got in? And it took 2 days of our stay before you planned to do it? It was locked, so we never bothered to open...and had our drinks at the pool.The pool...on a Saturday had 2 girls for drinks. We were at the front of the pool closer to bar.  We waited 30 mins for A girl to pass by..then 15-20 for her to return.  On a Saturday? At the Mandalay bay/Moorea we had 5 girls serving 15 max patrons in a small pool.The elevator guys need to get that stick out of their but.  If we have a key card in hand..facing you as we walk by...there is little reason to slow us down...even stop us. We did have one incident that was a fault of our friends visiting. He didn't know it was a smoke free resort. So the guy told him to take it outside to extinguish. I could tell the guy was upset at our guest, but tries to hold it in.  Rest of us were still there by elevator waiting, and when he returned without the CIG..we tried to go in...this guy stops us saying he needed to see the room key again. Are you serious? You just saw my card 2 minutes ago.  Either make new room keys that they can see better...or train them better.  I orig gave it 3-stars... but as I drafted this review...I realized how much worse the stay was.  We decided to switch from a Caesars property because of a wonderful stay at Mandalay bay a few months earlier. Paying that much more for 1 extra star...and plain horrible exp....I can't say I'd recommend the Vdara to anyone. The positives (2 stats earned). Room was better then avg.  The beds were great. The gym was nicely equipped for us gym junkies. Pool itself was nice. Front desk friendly... valets were friendly.
4	A hotel on the strip with NO casino and NO smoke?!?! Yesss, Welcome to Vdara :) I actually enjoyed not having to deal with the usual Vegas crazy hotel lobbies full of people walking through to get to the casino. This place was quite and relaxing. All the rooms are suites, which was more then enough space for me and my bestie. We enjoyed a good night's sleep in their super comfy bed. The place was clean and I noticed no stains. The decor is modern...more like Ikea stuff though, nothing fancy. You cannot self-park, it is vallet only. The only downside was not having a restaurant in the hotel, but we didn't have to go to far. The hotel is conveniently located in the middle of the strip that was definitely a plus!
4	The room we stayed in was absolutely stunning.  Curtains that come down automatically with a flick of switch is a very nice touch.  Light to inform housekeeping to come is a novel idea but was pretty much ignored by housekeeping.  Having your own lil kitchenette was nice.
2	Totally dissapointed. The front desk service was horrible and they would not help me with a credit that they said I had. The room was much smaller than described online. Also, the pool area is tinny. They have no coffee machines inside the rooms, so you're forced to pay $5 for a coffee downstairs. Also, there are no pedestrian walkways, you have to take the tram to Crystals next door and then you have to walk another 20 minutes to get to Las Vegas Blvd.
2	Oh Vdara, how I expected SO much more from you. You were so pretty from the outside. I am deeply saddened by how you turned out.Being in City Center, I expected this hotel to be an excellent choice to stay in. From the photos and video tours on their website, I would be a fool to think otherwise. I was a fool. Vdara's standard check-in time is 3pm, but I had called (twice) earlier that week to confirm early check-in. The front desk staff confirmed it would be no problem. The day of, I called again on our drive there to confirm it was okay. When we arrived at 12pm, the room was not ready. Not only was it not ready, the front desk attendant claimed they have a strict, no early check in policy -- who were those people telling me otherwise ALL week then? A little annoyed, but decided to let it go.At 3:15pm when I came back to the front desk to check in, the girl looked up our room (I saw on her screen that it was marked as uncleaned), but she gave me our keys anyway and (discreetly) radioed her colleague to check out the room ASAP because we were coming up. When we got in, the floor was wet, the garbage under the sink was not taken out, there were empty soda bottles in the fridge, and there was VOMIT (yes, VOMIT, PUKE, THROW UP, whatever you want to call it), on the bed. Disgusting and unacceptable? I think yes. I immediately called the floor manager and she was beyond rude. She said the room wasn't cleaned properly because I rushed her staff (isn't their policy ready by 3pm? I showed up at 3:15). She tried to have me not involve the hotel manager at the front desk, and she was very snarky and unapologetic, like I had done something wrong. I wish I had remembered her name (I would post it here), but all I remember is that she had a Russian accent & we were on the 10th floor. It took about an hour of going back and forth between her and the hotel manager at the front desk before our room was properly cleaned. They did offer us some hotel credit to use at the restaurant to compensate for our troubles which was nice. We didn't get moved into another room like we wanted though. This was probably an isolated tragedy, but even so I would probably never stay here again.So what were the pros of this hotel? 1) the view from the panoramic room were pretty spectacular 2) the bellhops were SO nice -- extra star just for them3) hotel manager did his job -- he apologized for the inconvenience and made it right
5	Loved it! Very cute lil suite. Also romantic in a way. So as u walk in the room there's the kitchen first and a good size kitchen with a stove too, but who the hell cooks wen ur in vegas?! Theres also a lil table w/ 2 chairs to sit and eat ur food. Then u see a lil mini living room with a flat screen and a partial wall dividing it to the bed area and on the other side of that wall is another flat screen. The bathroom is nice and clean. It also smells real nice inside and even in the hallway. Also wen u walk into the lobby it smells nice. I just like how its easy to leave the hotel and u dont have to walk thru the whole casino jus to get out. And if u do wanna go to the casino there is a bridge that takes u straight to Bellagio... It perfect! Love love love! Will definitely stay here again! The only sucky part was the resort fee of $25 and $3 service charge each day. They dont tell u that in the beginning. But wen u check out from the TV thats wen u'll see the additional charge.
5	Clean, modern, quiet, comfortable, large, roomy
3	nice sized rooms. pool is small but serves its purpose. good deal.
1	Cons:Room keys initially weren't working.Beds were not made the first time we entered.Bath tub was half filled with water which meant it was clogged.The stand-up shower would clog also and water would rise up about 4 inches.Missing toiletries.Electronic shades that would sometimes work (sometimes they wouldn't open or close).The bathroom door was faulty, and I got locked in! Required multiple people to hold the door in place (because there was no railing for it) so I could unlock the door.Detergent for the laundry was empty.No self park.Pros: Free wi-fi.Never coming back to this hotel again. Mind you, our room was supposed to have been an upgraded deluxe suite. They did, however, make arrangements to wave the upgrade fees after we told them how horrible our stay was. WORST HOTEL ROOM EVER!
5	The Vdara was contemporary and elegant. I had an excellent stay at this hotel the staff was friendly. I loved not having a casino in the hotel itself. Refreshing and beautiful! The Cafe downstairs had great food and it's right across the street from the Cosmo if you want to go to the pool party! I would stay again.
2	I didn't actually stay here, my fiance's dad and his now wife did for their wedding/honeymoon, and we came here to visit them often. The place is very modern looking, clean and it's a relaxed vibe since there isn't a casino here. I hear it's a bit on the pricey side to stay there, but I think it's expected since it's newer and the overall decor kind of gave me that vibe. Each time we came in, we had to present to them the card key which I can understand why they would have to, I just remember thinking it was a little annoying at first. We ordered something at the cafe there and was not impressed at all considering the cost of the food (too much money when you know there are cheaper eats elsewhere). I can't remember what exactly I got, but I remember two things: my egg was fully cooked but it was supposed to be over medium and the asparagus was burnt, like literally black. One thing that was a little annoying was one of the days we were there, both card keys were locked in the room and we waited FOREVER for someone to come by and help us. One of us even had to call the front desk to make sure someone was still coming. We did notice a lot of people checking in, but I don't know, you would think they could allow at least the janitorial crew to let us in, even when we had all the proof in the world they were staying guests there so that we didn't have to wait for, I don't know, a half hour, maybe an hour, outside the room just to have someone unlock the door.Don't get me wrong, it's a nice hotel and all, but I'd probably stay at a different hotel within the City Center that's as elegant looking and costs just as much.
3	I do have to admit that this place AIMS to impress, and at first glance, it sure does. We were in awe of the modern styling and color palette, which fits perfectly to my personal taste.  The room we were given was on the 14th floor with no strip view (which is fine by me) and included:KITCHEN:  with a 2-burner induction range, mini fridge (1/2 filled with mini-bar goods), microwave, sink, and lots of empty cabinet space (dishes and cookware available upon request)LIVING AREA: King Sized bed with flexy individual reading lights, closet, Sofabed (with the most uncomfortable mattress), dining table, large flat screen wall mounted over a dresser, automatic shades and blackout shades, and an over abundance of small end and coffee tablesBATHROOM: Large soaker tub, individual shower stall, Toto toilet, and very contemporary shallow sink and other details.Additionally, the key card needs to be shown to the guard in the lobby so you can enter the guest areas of the hotel. Also, you don't need to insert the key card into the door, but rather, hold it in front. It was a great convenience when your hands are full.After getting over the initial overall impression, we started finding a lot of things amiss with the room, especially with this property being so new.  For instance, the shower head holder was missing, the shower curtain was just too small for the opening of the shower door, and the rug was coming out of the edging of the wall.  There was a weird smell coming out of the kitchen sink and we had to have maintenance/housekeeping come up and clean it up. The smell never really completely went away, but was much better than when we first got there. Also, while the overall look of the bed and the headboard screams STYLE, the obvious ugly cheap bed frame really took away from it.  They should have gone with the complete look of a platform bed or at least put a bed skirt to hide the cheap frame.  Toiletries were actually pretty good, bed was so-so in comfort, overhead reading lights were loose at the base and unusableThe hotel is VALET ONLY so you'll be dishing out tips for the Valet. You COULD always park at the Aria or Bellagio and walk over -- the walk isn't far and the parking is free.  The only food place in the hotel is the "market place" with lots of over priced convenience store goods, as well as a coffee bar, and plated meals. Again, all over priced, but for the "image" of the hotel, you should already know better.Would I stay here again? Probably not unless I found the great online deal I found.  It seems that they tried really hard, but never really completely got all the details necessary for a complete flawless package.
4	Very positive experience. Enjoyed an elegant room with another couple, including classy kitchen, non-strip views, excellent customer service and a relaxing ambiance away from the 24-7 gaming+entertainment establishments but close enough to everything we wanted. Felt like a calm oasis amidst the chaotic strip but with access to all the crazy we wanted if and when (Vdara pool included).
5	Beautiful hotel and large modern rooms. All the rooms are suites so you really can't go wrong with any of them. We had a great view overlooking the pool and mountains. Vdara is located next to Aria and Cosmopolitan, excellent spots to get your clubbing and gambling fix. The gym and pool were perfect. Needless to say, I didn't miss the casino or smoke=) It defnitely feels like a boutique hotel. Well worth the $.
5	No casino inside this hotel. Which means no swampy smoke infused land of second hand cancer! Whooohooo!Stayed in a suite this past August with a deal that gave us room service credit. Food from room service was tasty, nomnom! Room was clean and the overall hotel was pretty quiet. Before you can get to the elevators which takes you to the rooms, the lobby staff always ask you to present your room key just to make sure you're actually staying here. This makes it harder for people to sneak in and overfill a room passed capacity.Also the shower stall in the suite is see-through which is in the same room as the toilet, so if you're not comfortable naked around other people, work out a wash schedule.
5	I love that this hotel has no casino and no gaming. The smoke can be killer for me. Vadara is walking distace to the strip and connects to Belligio and Aria. Everyone was very friendly and the rooms were beautiful. I will be statying here again!
3	My friends and I stayed in the standard room here when we had our Vegas trip in July. We were actually only like 5 rooms down the hall from our other friends who got the bigger suite, which included a kitchen and table. For our room, it had a standard queen size bed, but also a couch that pulled out to a pretty big full size bed. The bathroom was a decent size. It had a separate shower, along with another shower/bed combo on the other side. The only downside was that the sink was clogged and broken, but it didn't take long for us to have someone come up and get it fixed for us. My friends' room down the hall from us, had a living room with a pull out couch, a kitchen area with a stove, microwave, and fridge, a separate bedroom with a queen size bed, a full size bathroom with the separate shower area and a bath/shower combo, along with a small bathroom near the kitchen/entrance area.Another annoying thing that happened was that our keys wouldn't work at times. I think we had to go to the front desk 2-3 times to get new keys. Anyways, I didn't really go anywhere else besides the rooms to be honest. It seemed like an okay place. I appreciated the maid service we had though. They were very thorough - especially since one of the boys made the unfortunate mistake of not being able to hold his liquor and making a mess in both bathrooms in the big room. Overall, I personally wouldn't book a room here. My friends like it because it's close to The Cosmopolitan, which includes Marquee, a club we most likely will go to during our trip there. And also the fact that for the price you pay, you can get a suite with a kitchen. I'm a bit more partial to Encore to be honest. I'll shell out a couple hundred for Encore any day of the week.
5	Randomly decided to stay at Vdara and so happy I did! These rooms are super spacious (they are all suites) and very clean/modern looking. Beds and pillows are also super comfy!I loved that I didn't have to wander around a casino for half an hour to find the front desk because there is no casino!! haha, you get to literally walk in and the front desk is right there. Valet only parking and there is no direct way to go from the hotel to the strip. You have to connect through Bellagio or Aria. I got confused a few times when i was heading BACK to the hotel! Now that I've stayed there once, Ive been getting lots of promotion emails from them and their rates are not bad! Would def consider staying here again!
5	I'm not sure why this place only has 3.5 stars cause I loved staying here! No its not as chaotic as the other hotels but I love that you can actually breath in this hotel since its non-smoking. All rooms have a great view and I love the full kitchen you get in here! This room could easily fit more than four people since our room had a king size bed and a pull out couch. This place is also CLEAN, a very important factor in my stay. No, its not the most convenient place to stay since you have to walk through other hotels in the strip but I think it all depends on what kind of person you are and what kind of noise level you're looking for. Either way for me, thumbs up!
2	I stayed here for a night & it was wahhh wahh wah.The only thing I like about the room & hotel is that  the room and place is pretty modern and adorable. The bed is REALLY comfortable (yay)However, the rest kind of goes down hill from there: I started seeing the imperfections of the room.  For instance, there was a HUGE dark scratch on the wall & in order for them to hide it, they just put the lamp right in front of it. Like okay? seriously? They didnt even have two towels in the bathroom, like really? Our television in our room didnt even work, WTF? The security gave me bad looks everytime I went back up to my room (B****) and never once did she greet me. The front desk agent was rather uptight. sighs of Vdara, I will never come back to you.
5	Without this amazing deal I found online, I can honestly say I probably couldn't afford to stay here. I was able to stay in the comforts of a beautiful one bed studio suite, equipped with the most amazing view, a huge bathroom that included a shower and gigantic tub and a kitchen. It had two flat screen TVs and a comfy couch that pulled out into a bed.Another huge plus is that there is no casino at this hotel despite being right off the main area of the strip and theres NO SMOKING! So it smells ultra delicious here.The pool is somewhat mediocre for being such a nice hotel, but at least its famous for its newsworthy death-rays that help with a 'killer' tan.Even though we were staying in Sin City, staying at Vdara felt like an oasis from the craziness. After a night of wild partying, it was amazing to come back to a quiet and luxurious hotel to relax and detox.
4	I stayed at Vdara for the first time and although I was iffy with the negative comments on Yelp, my stay at Vdara was pleasant. I would totally stay here again if I have too! But I probably won't because I'd rather stay at a gambling casino (personal preference).The rooms are way nice, comfy and cute! The view is spectacular, large TV, cute little dining area and the bathroom is very roomy. The rooms are all very modern. Oh and they have a kitchen too! But it's not stocked which sucked. Ordered room service and the food was good. Ordered hot wings, french onion soup and chicken ceasar salad...YUMMM!From Vdara, it's not a far walk to Aria or Bellagio if you want to gamble or walk the strip. This hotel is nice and the staff was friendly. The blinds and key cards all worked just fine when I was there!Oh and for everyone complaining about parking...it's valet! They park your car for you! DUH!
4	During my most recent trip, our group decided to stay at the Vdara after finding an amazing deal for an Executive Corner Suite. Since it's one of the newest hotels in Vegas, I expected pretty high class accommodations, which is what we ended up getting. However, that doesn't come without some shortfalls.Pros:- The rooms are wonderfully decorated with the most modern furniture. The bathroom is HUGE and features a shower big enough to fit 3-4 people for a post-pool drunk shower (swimsuit on of course). The suite comes with a fridge, sink, and all your very basic kitchen amenities. - Window blinds come down with a push of a button, which is also a very cool thing to see in such a large suite. - The Execute Corner Suite comes with a bed big enough to fit 4 girls or 3 guys, as well as a foldout couch that can fit the same amount, just not as comfortably. These guys know we don't come to Vegas in small groups.- 2 Plasma TVs, one of which is connected to the sound system that features a music hookup. Being able to play music in your room is a highly beneficial tool when you have 10 people drunk in the middle of the day. - The pool is nice and quiet compared to the other big hotels. It's basic and good to go to if you're just looking to get away and not deal with the crowds. However, beware of the Vdara reflecting ray. You don't want to come back from Vegas looking like a lobster.- Although the valet can take forever on a busy Sunday, the employees really work their ass off to get your car as soon as possible. You see them constantly running, which can't be an easy job to do for 8 hours a day. Hats off to them.Cons:- Even though the suite is modern, it's a bit cramped. I've stayed in similar suites elsewhere with more people, and there was much more walking space. Yes this, suite wasn't intended for a group of 10, but there are some areas of it that make you feel cramped even when it's empty. - There's no self parking. You either valet or park at the Cosmopolitan. Since most Vegas hotels have self parking, this became very confusing for us and we ended up going with the latter option. We only realized this by the next day, which brings me to my next point:- If you self-park at the Cosmopolitan, it takes forever to find the Vdara on your first try. There's no signs or directions. You eventually have to walk to the curb outside and then take the stairs/elevator up to the Vdara. This can be extremely frustrating for first timers. Does it hurt to build a walkway between Cosmo and Vdara?- Room key checkers at the elevators are useless as always. Anyone without a key can easily slip in with a group and go in unnoticed. This security tactic never works. Overall, I had a fantastic stay at one of Vegas' newest and most modern hotels, once I figured out how to get to it...
4	Stayed at Vdara over Labor Day weekend with my boyfriend after we got a good deal from a third-party website. I was really excited as I had read positive reviews here on Yelp. We arrived in Vegas around 8am (driving from Los Angeles)Friday morning, and although check-in time was at 3pm, I called ahead of time and asked if there was any way we could check-in earlier (even if there was a fee). The lady over the phone told me it was fine because they had plenty of rooms avaiable for early check-in. Score!We got to the hotel, and the valet guy took our car, while the bell guy took all our luggage out. I waited in line at the front desk only to be told that I couldn't check-in early because our room was not transferable. Even though I told her I called prior to our arrival, and spoken to someone who assured me we would be taken care of, the lady at the front said, "NO". Talk about customer service! I wasn't too happy about that, and I thought Vdara would have been a lot more accomodating given the situation.We had no choice but to leave and wait somewhere. I asked if they could call me as soon as the room was available, and she told me she would.Four hours passed, and I never got a call. So, I called and asked if our room was available, and the operator said "yes, it has been ready since 10am". WOW.I received no call, and no apology. I took a star off my rating because of this, and will try Aria on my next Vegas trip.As for the room itself, it was spacious and clean. The mini-kitchen is great, and the bathroom has a soak tub and separate shower. The bed was a bit sunken-in in the middle though.The blinds and shade are one-touch operated, which I loved.I like the Vdara because it is a smoke-free facility, but will not be coming back.
5	The best brand new spanking room that i've stayed in a hotel without a casino!  We stayed here for one night here in Vdara for my wife's b-day and it was second of two hotel stays at the Vegas strip that weekend.I know its part of the hotel center on the strip with the Cosmos and the Aria's but this was our first stay out of the Newbie hotels, and I'll tell you what I was quite impressed with our stay here.Modern style hotel rooms! Retractable blind shades, awesome views ( our window space gave us a good panoramic view outside) elegant baths! comfy king sized bed, kitchen with a refrigerator, dishwasher and stove.  Personally, I don't stay at very many expensive hotels but at a good price the room  here was like from a fancy resort, and it feels like a high baller! , well for me that is! to add to that, it was our best hotel stay out of our travels.It was nice chillen' in our room enjoying our Flat Tire beers during the day, then having a good time on a hot day at the pool. Im looking to build our way though stays in the Vegas hotel center. Vdara was well worth it! and a good start, Cosmopolitan Hotel your next! Aria Hotel you too!
3	Stayed here one night.  The room was just ok for a luxury hotel (Encore's suite was better). The hotel is non-gaming which is great, except it only provides semi-easy access to Aria and Bellagio.  If you want to game somewhere else, like say the cosmopolitan, then it is a chore to get there.  Would I stay here again, not likely since for the money there are better hotels on the strip with gaming.  It is also to pricey for a family friendly trip even though this is the perfect family friendly hotel with no gaming and smoking.
4	Everything in the City Center is absolutely beautiful, including the Vdara. I want to make out with the designers of this place. They really have a vision and executed the shit out of it.Vdara is boring as helllllll. Beautiful but boring. Good thing it is walking distance to the Cosmo and Aria.Oh and i LOVE The way this place smells. I know it's a weird thing to say, but you will know what i mean if you go here. It hits you right at the door.
5	Stunning.  And yes . . . boring, if your plan is to hang out in the casino because there is no casino.  If your plan is to hang out next door at the Cosmo and return to your stunning room (and smoke free hotel!!) to make sweet loving, then this place is the spot.  When my boyfriend took me here for my birthday, I had no complaints.We were upgraded to a panoramic suite.  It was basically a big ass apartment with lots of chrome, dark wood and glass.  There was a kitchen, complete with full size refrigerator, stove, and 6 person kitchen table.  Amazing views and super romantic.  Centrally located so if you are looking for a wilder time, you are walking distance to Aria and Cosmo.  I loved this hotel and would definitely stay here again.
5	Lovely, elegant, and quiet (no casino noise!), the Vdara is an all-suite hotel with a wonderful little kitchenette (one-burner conduction cooktop, convection/microwave, fridge, sink) and a bathroom that makes bathing worth doing even when you are clean already. You won't believe the huge soaking tub. A separate shower is large enough for two people, if they like each other. Great, comfy bed. Flatscreen TV is a bit small, but who goes to Las Vegas to watch television? The free wi-fi was excellent. I loved this place, and will definitely consider staying here again.
2	Beautiful hotel.  No direct access to the strip.  You have to go through aria and crystal to get to the strip or through bellagio.  Their own tram doesn't even connect to vdara.  When we checked in it took till 4:30 to get out room even though check in is at 3p.  It wasn't clean. Got our room and the curtains were broken and a panel on one of the drawers were ripped off.  Called to get it fixed and got someone 45 min later.  I then was getting out of the shower and realized the toiletries on the sink were already used.  When I complained they sent toilet paper.   The valet doesn't answer the phone during the day but when we went downstairs everyone was just standing around.  Nice hotel really deplorable service.
4	First off people saying that Vdara is boring NO $HIT!! its a HOTEL they never claimed to be a hip trendy party resort/casino.Felt like it was a relaxing hotel, stayed here 2 nights for the first time, thought it was very modern not rushed, not busy, and quiet which me and my lady liked very much. there's no need to walk through hella slot machines n cigarette smoke n loud drunken vegas first timers to get to the room elevators. it was a little wired walking out to other destinations specially when it was 98 degrees out. felt like they can build a walkway directly from the front lobby on to Harmon st. But its vegas you WILL HAVE TO WALK REGARDLESS! had to go thru the walkway then thru the bellagio. its not a bad walk about 5 minutes and  then you are out in the center of strip near planet hollywood/fountains, or u can take a tram to city center/monte carlo/aria which is the opposite side of bellagio on the strip.stayed in a city corner suite GREAT views LOVE the HUGE windows, nice amenities, 2 free bottled water a day and free wifi (that actually works and fast) . Bed was comfortable soft big pillows! Very clean loved the big bathroom n tub. 2 tv's and we defiantly made use of the fridge in the kitchen to store leftovers from eating out! Made use of the dining table as well ;)  plenty of glass cups and a couple of wine glasses/coffee mugs.Check in was fast and checking out was a breeze if done on the in room TV. I used their business center which had computers to surf the web which i used to check in for our flights and print tickets.do be aware which i think is annoying they are going to charge you a room tax plus RESORT FEE then fuking tax you for that resort fee which is comes to $28 a day, i thought that was lame!!!!!!!!staff was helpful with directions/shuttle info/and even left a message to see if we wanted housekeeping service, cause we left the do not disturb signal on for the room. which is a switch u can activate near the room door. so we got passed on house keeping during the day.I didn't see a room service menu at all in my room, i was craving for a snack late night which was kinda annoying so i said screw it and walked to earl of sandwich in PHdefiantly will keep vdara in mind when im back in vegas.
5	I stayed here for a week and it was wonderful.  The convention that I went to Vegas for was next door at the Bellagio.  I had stayed in the Bellagio for the same convention a couple of years ago and was stuck in some faraway wing that I think was further than walking across the connector from Vdara to the Convention area at the Bellagio.  It was actually a joy to NOT be staying in a smoke-filled, noisy casino.  I could walk a few minutes and go to Bellagio, Aria, Cosmo if I wanted that scene or just chill in the calm, quiet, fresh and cool room with a view at the Vdara.   It was cheaper, too!  While my friends were all waiting in a huge line at Bellagio to get a ride to the airport, I was able to just walk outside the Vdara and immediately jump into a cab.  Oh, beware... the cab drivers are often crooks... It shouldn't cost much more than $20 to get to the airport.  I told the guy I knew the best way so don't mess around and it cost me $15 with no traffic.  Loved the completeness of their housekeeping crew.  Wow!  My room was put back together and then some so that when I returned from a day out, I was welcomed by a fresh room, with all the tiny details put back into place... they wrap the dryer cord around the handle and put it back in the drawer, straighten out any magazines you've looked at, put any cosmetics you have lying about haphazardly all in a row on a small towel on the counter, hang up stuff in the bathroom (I had a shower cap and nightshirt thrown on the tub), line up my extra shoes that I had all over the room, etc.  The bathtub was fabulous.  I read a book and had a glass of wine (large ledge around tub) in there one night.  So huge, the water runs fast so fills up in no time, and is hot so you can keep the temperature where you want it very easily.  There are dimmer switches on many of the lights in the room.  The shades and blinds are on switches by the door.  Very "green" hotel.  Turn-down service- I only had twice but was surprised that they freshened up the room, gave me two new bottles of water along with a glass on each nightstand, put down a little mat next to the bed on both sides with slippers on it, left a sweet treat, and put away the decorative cover and pillow on the bed.  Quite a surprise.  The only bummer things were that I couldn't find a plug near the bed to charge my phone, which is what I use as an alarm clock.  Poolside food service was slow, slow, slow.  I couldn't believe how bad they were!  I actually couldn't stand waiting any longer so got up and had them box my lunch "to go" when it finally came out.  They couldn't even get drinks to people...I'm talking WATER, etc.
5	My stay at the Vdara was amazing from beginning to end.My bf and I stayed here over Labor Day and booked through Hotwire.com for about $150/night (5 star hotel - Strip South).  Check-in was a breeze...Maria at the front desk was super sweet and she definitely accommodated us.  We got a room overlooking the pool and City Center which was amazing at night because of all the lights.  Upon entering the room we were really surprised of how big, modern and nice the rooms were.  There was a small kitchenette as you enter with a small dining table.  I loved how one wall was just windows.  There is a nice living area with a good size sofa and table.The bathroom was really nice with a soaking tub, stand up shower (good water pressure, however no more Aveda products) and plenty of counter space.  The bed was super comfy and I really liked the pillows and mattress.  Every person who works at the Vdara was extremely helpful, housekeeping was quick when asking for slippers and towels.I'm not a gambler nor a smoker, so I liked the fact that Vdara did not have either. We chilled at the pool on Sunday...they had a DJ set up and the waitresses were really attentive and quick.  All the chairs had umbrellas to help with the hot hot heat of Vegas.I loved the location of this hotel...just a quick walk over to the Cosmopolitan and Bellagio (my two favorite hotels).  Also, they have a tram to get around City Center.I highly recommend this hotel because service is really what I appreciated.  Everyone from the valet guys, front desk, cafe staff etc., were really nice and helpful.  I will definitely be staying here again!
5	I had a great stay at the Vdara.  I was there for my 50th Birthday with my sisters in law and one of them recommended the hotel.  I had booked a few months early, so the rates were really good (went through their website). So, I was able to get a Corner Suite.  Let me tell you, the view was amazing!  I had a view of the fabulous Bellagio fountains on one end of my view and the rest of the city on the other.  The room was like a one bedroom apartment.  Clean and sleek in decor. The bed was amazingly comfy (and with  enough pillows).  The water pressure in the shower was perfect (the water was always hot).  The only thing about the bathroom I'd change is the lighting. Not used to the lower lighting in a bathroom, but maybe that's me.We got there early and the VERY helpful front desk was able to get us in to a room as early as 1pm. Not as early as we liked, but with as many people that were checking in, it was just enough time for us to have a bite to eat and explore the area.  The Bell desk was happy to hold our bags until it was time to head to our room.  He met me there just as soon as I walked in the room.  Talk about speedy service!  The hotel was able to accomodate our late check out, as well (two hours longer does make a difference, when you're in Vegas).I loved the scent of the lobby.  They pipe a certain fragrance through the AC (we believe) that's fresh and exotic (not too obnoxious).  The Aria Gift shop has some of the scent sticks, but alas, not the ones for Vdara.The only Con I have is with the Marketplace Cafe.  Yes, they move people through the line quickly.  However, it's such a small area, it clogs quickly and you're waiting for certain things a while, since it has to come from another kitchen.  The last day I was waiting for a Bagel with Salmon and cream cheese: 20 min later (even though they told me it would be 10) I asked where my food was.  Turns out no one one told the food runner!  Food is ok, just not worth $7 for a Sausage Egg bfast sandwich.  Service was also slow at the pool restaurant/lounge area.  I think it was just that there was only one person for the entire area.  The other Con was the WiFi, just horrible.  Wasn't sure if it was the location of my room or my carrier or act of God.  Didn't bring a laptop to plug in, so I couldn't compare the difference. The Wifi was just slow (even for texting).After all of that, I'd definitely stay there again!  My husband would love it there as well.
5	Loved our stylish room & would stay here again.
4	We chose to stay at Vdara because we love to come back to a non-gaming, smoke free hotel after a day of Vegas.Hits:Location:  We loved the location.  It took us literally 5 minutes to get to Cosmo, Aria, or Bellagio and about 8 minutes to get to the strip walking through  Bellagio.  We knew there were no dining options but there are tons 5 minutes away.Room:  Big and swanky with a luxurious bathroom, something I love in a hotel room.  Bed was comfortable. Some street noise but nothing that woke me up.  Comfy robes if you ask for them from the front desk.  View of Bellagio and Cosmo pool from the 17th floor.  Fridge was very small--only good for drinks really.Hotel:  100% non-smoking.  Fast elevators. Nice clean hallways.  Good food and drinks at Bar Vdara.  Easy check-in/out.  Checked in around noon--no upgrades available but the clerk tried.  Market was convenient for a beer, water, aspirin, etc.  We never ate there but walked next door to Jean Phillippe at Aria instead.  Nice gym.  Nice and quiet overall and everything easily accessible, just what we want from a Vegas hotel.  Loved the free bottled water in our room every day.Misses:Resort fee way too high for amenities provided.  The Vdara internet is a joke--we couldn't use it and switched back to our network immediately for the entire stay.  You can access the gym but a pass to the spa is not included, another $25/day for each person.Pool:  Very average by Vegas standards. Completely enclosed in glass buildings which makes it feel hotter than it is.  Even the umbrellas don't protect you. Chairs are crammed together with no room to move.  You better hope you like the people sitting next to you because you will know all about them.  Drinks were weak, although service was good.  Food at pool was good but service at pool cafe was not and people were complaining.  I did like the music which was nice and kept to a low volume and I loved the hot tub.Housekeeping:  Had some issues:  no shampoo for first two days, robes were not brought when asked (had to ask front desk), and came back one day to find hubby's tolietries laid out on a visibly stained washcloth.  Shower amenities are generic and watery, not Aveda anymore like they used to provide.  (Although you can go to the spa and purchase Aveda travel-sized toilietries for a good price.)Overall Vdara is a good value but I would not stay here again during pool season, as the pool is a factor for me.  For $28 a day, you get the use of the gym and free water.
1	I would never go back!  Our visit started with a group of bellman who ignored us when we pulled up to park our car at the valet.  We had to call out to a group of chatting bellman for help.  No sooner did the bellman start removing our bags from the trunk when someone in charge of valet parking started yelling at us to move our car.  It was unbelievable. The bellman was embarrassed but said "this is just how they are."  My husband got back in the car to reposition it (and stop the yelling).  We went in to the lobby and faced as line of at least 30 trying to check in.  They did not have enough people working to handle the crowd.  We paid for a high end room with panoramic views.  But unlike most better hotels, the bellman did not accompany us to our room.  When we got there we could not figure out how to operate the many electric operated blinds and light switches.  Ordinarily, the bellman shows you to your room and shows you how to use its features.We quickly discovered the room was poorly cleaned. There was dust on virtually every surface and a large coffee drip under the coffee maker on the counter. There were greasy fingerprints on the cabinets and TV.  There were hunks of fallen snacks just under the couch. Someone's forgotten beach shawl was in the closet.  Again, it was unbelievable.  We had theatre tickets and needed to change and rush out, so we had no time to demand a new room. The next morning we needed to check out early and tried to use the advertised check out service on the TV screen, but it did not work.  The service said the front desk was too busy so we needed to check out in person.  But when my husband went downstairs, there were no guests at the front desk.  Just employees waiting around.  To top it all off, when we called from our room for the valet to bring the car around, we were told that they won't do that.  We needed to come down and wait.This place holds itself out and charges high end prices, but the service is appalling and the dirty room was creepy.  Yes this place has a great view, but it is not worth the money.  Skip it!!  The one star I gave Vdara is for the view -- nothing more.
3	Minuses:-No self park, valet only. This is a royal pain. Costs me quite a bit since I tip.-No coffee maker, no tea bags etc. Even the the 3star suite places provide this.-The kitchenware must be requested and only include a two pans , plates and bowls. So if you plan on using the kitchen for breakfast it is barely useable. I am not sure why the kitchen was provided in the first place.-No walkway to Cosmo, but the walk is relatively short.Pluses:-Nice rooms with great views.-Great service.-Walkway to Belagio (and Aria but not sure).-Smoke free.-Provides a  calmer atmosphere than the surrounding casinos.Overall not the most practice place if you planning on renting a car or using the kitchen. I would chose a different place for the price the next time.
5	Hotel was amazing. We had two suites booked and the suites were absolutely beautiful. Very comfortable beds and all amenities. Amazing massage by Chad at the hotel spa. Hotel is located in middle the strip so everything is easy to get to.
5	Over the past year I've stayed at Aria and Palazzo around 15 times for leisure and more than half of those experiences were challenging....Que Vdara for my Bday Weekend.Check in was a breeze took less then 3 minutes I got my request, High floor, Lake view and off to the suite I went.The non smoking, spotless, modernistic, fashion-forward, high quality, upscale environment was what I wanted from a Vegas experience for a long time and I finally found it.The suite was spotless, fresh and felt brand new. The bathtub gorgeous...My only wish would be jets for the tub.The pool area was really nice...I was curious about it having a view from aria into Vdara so many times and was surprised. Really high quality guests, quiet and clean area and had a good time.I gamble sometimes and frankly dont care if the casino is in the lobby or not Aria was 50 steps away and Bellagio is connected inside Vdara.Net Net I didnt have a single challenge for the staff...I'll be back shortly.
4	I decided to stay at this hotel because I got a good deal where i stayed for four nights and got the fifth night free.  Or so i thought.  Be aware that this place has a resort fee of $25 a day, so my savings of $125 for the free night was a wash.  But that's ok because this hotel is awesome!  I got a room on the 42nd floor and had a killer view of the Las Vegas valley.  The room was very, very quiet as well, which is just what I needed.  The room even had a really large bathtub where I soaked in almost every night to relax before heading to bed.  Also the scent of their shampoo, conditioner and body is really, really, really good! I think I need to buy some.  The only bad thing about this hotel is the location.  Yes, it's next to Aria, but it's a far walk.  And if you want to go to other parts of the strip, knowning you have to walk through Aria first makes the trek even longer.  If you get a car, then know that the parking at Vdara is valet only - so either self-park at Aria, or do what I did - self-park at Bellagio so you can stay in air-conditioning the entire time.
5	*sigh* The Vdara. My husband and I came here as part of our honeymoon road trip. This was THE BEST place we stayed (and we stayed at some nice places throughout our journey). The hotel staff were unbelievably nice, helpful, and welcoming. The hotel room itself was clean, quiet, super comfortable, modern, and didn't smell like a smokey Vegas hotel. So what it doesn't have a casino-- you're a short walk away from one of the best in town (the Bellagio) and you don't even have to go outside to get there.We WILL be back-- mark my words.
5	Great hotel, I be back for sure.Rooms are modern and extremely comfortable. Marketplace in the lobby is perfect for a quick breakfast. Small pool means that its easy to relax without the masses of people at the larger hotels.Its a little bit of a walk if you like to explore the strip, but not too bad. You just have to walk through Aria's casino and Crystals every time you go anywhere. The quieter stay makes it worth it my opinion.
4	We first decided to stay here pretty soon after it opened because we heard that it was non-smoking & non-gaming (which was great for us as we come to Vegas for the food & the shopping).It is very modern in design, they have a perfume/air freshener that they pump into all the public spaces which makes a pleasant change to the smoke you can smell in other/older casino's.The rooms are pretty spacious, all of them have pretty much a full kitchen (and I think laundry!)  We try and stop by a grocery store to pick up some wine, cheese & crackers - but the kitchen is also excellent for all the leftovers you will have from all the restaurants you will be visiting.I think we stayed in a standard room the first time we tried Vdara, but on our second visit we saw "City View Corner Suites" and would highly recommend them - they don't typically have a view of the Strip (but we have been to Vegas enough times that isn't a big deal any more), but they are much larger, and have a lot of glass - so the light & views (even of the back of the strip & the Interstate) are pretty amazing.The first time we stayed there the cafe didn't have many choices, but since they have expanded it along with a small selection of snacks (pretty pricey, but more convenient than going out to a grocery store).The pool is large, but can get busy - as well as the music being way too loud sometimes! - the cocktails they serve are very good.The fitness center is pretty large, they have something like 6 or 8 treadmills, some free weights and about 6 or 8 fixed weight machines - it does get busy in here though.This is now our "go to" place to stay in Vegas (we have tried Bellagio, Wynn, Paris) and if the thought of not having to walk through a smokey & loud casino to get to your room is appealing you should definitely check this place out.The valet parking is 10 steps from the front desk, so you again don't have a long walk to get your car.We will be back again in December and are looking forward to it.
4	Very nice place! We spent three nights here this week. It is in a great location. No there is not a casino inside but you are footsteps away from both The Aria and The Bellagio. It is a bit more tricky to get to The Cosmopolitan. Front desk staff and bellmen were all friendly. There is a bar inside but since we returned from our adventures on the strip pretty late it was closed when we would have stopped in for a nightcap. Same with the small cafe inside. I would have liked the convenience of grabbing a soda or some snacks before heading up to our room.If you want to use the pool, GO EARLY. It gets very crowded and nearly impossible to find a chair. Drinks at the outdoor bar are overpriced, even by Las Vegas standards.I do have to remove 1 star for housekeeping standards. Our room was beautiful at first glance but after a closer inspection, there was a lot of dust and streaking on the lighting fixtures and furniture. Bedding was extremely comfortable. One thing that I have to mention that did seem a little "off" was our housekeeper rearranging all my makeup and toiletries on the bathroom counter. I have never experienced that in a hotel before and would greatly prefer that my personal items not be handled. Next time I will keep them packed when we leave our room or put everything in a drawer.
4	Beautiful modern hotel in the City Center complex, non smoking, no casino.For a non-smoker like me, a smoke free property in Vegas was a great win! Gaming isn't available in this hotel, but is in all of the adjacent properties (Bellagio-attached, Cosmopolitan--next door, Aria--short walk around the roundabout). Rooms are large and modern, and come with a full kitchen, washer and dryer. It turns out this was originally a condominium building, and those amenities are a nice touch.A nice spa is located within the property. The market cafe downstairs is a nice place for breakfast, a light bite, or to pick up items to keep in your kitchen.One thing to note: there are no rooms with two doubles, though rooms come with a pullout sofa. The pullout sofa is pathetic!!!!!!!!! We pulled out the sofa and found the skinniest, creakiest (looked unused) mattress we'd ever seen... with four of us in the room, the two of us tried out the bed and rolled into one another--EEK! The hotel accommodated us and brought up a rollaway, and we made up the couch as a bed (instead of the pullout configuration). Just know this isn't the idea way to sleep four, so plan ahead or book elsewhere.Resort fee is $25/night (grrr... pet peeve of mine), but includes free internet (pretty quick, but you need to launch your web browser to activate it before opening apps on a smartphone or tablet), free newspapers and a few other things. Parking is not included, but we flew in, so not an issue for us.Service all around was friendly and efficient. Nice central location on the strip and we were able to walk everywhere we needed to go (however a cab might be helpful for the more northern- or southern-end properties).
4	Beautiful rooms.  I got a room on the 43rd floor, and it was spectacular.  The linens really could have been of a higher thread count (but I'm a linen snob).  The bed was very comfortable,with a nice TV (I know, it's Vegas, but I'm getting older and I want to watch TV before I go to bed semi-sober).  Service is friendly and gracious.  I love the non-smoking smell, although the perfumy smell is somewhat overwhelming at first.
5	GREAT rooms with all the amenities you could ever ask for in a hotel suite. I've only stayed here for work, but would totally recommend this place for people who like to stay on the strip and still feel like you're at home...only more modern, fancier and with a better view! I love the layout of the rooms, which make them seem so much bigger than they really are. The views are amazing!
4	I've stayed here twice this year and I like it! It's pretty new, clean, and no casino. Haven't tried the restaurant or bar but the cafe is OK. They have cute desserts! Pool is small. The service is good.The basic room is called a "Suite" but they are relatively spacious and include a fridge, and kitchen. It's a close walk to Aria, Bellagio, and Cosmo. So if you like to gamble...don't worry!Also, I love their robes :)If I was looking to live in Vegas I would definently consider the condos in Vdara
3	I'd like to preface this review with the fact that I hold a Las Vegas hotel to different standards than other cities.  There is an experience expectation that is an integral part in the rating of a Vegas lodging. That being said, the Vdara would be a strong 4 stars in most cities.  It is a new modern hotel. Clean and crisp with dark wood, comfortable beds and spacious rooms. However, for a new hotel it misses the mark on several levels. Coarse uncomfortable towels, lack of plugs by the bed (alert to architects: everyone has a cellphone) and lack of basic essentials such as a coffee maker in the room are inexcusable. The hotel also lacks other basic amenities such as a full service restaurant.  A small coffee shop style bistro is not a restaurant.  The fact that the Vdara staff has to direct guests to sister properties for so much is a problem.  Also, the fact that it has no casino and is offset from the strip may be nice for some, however for most it is extremely inconvenient. In order to walk anywhere at all you need to fully walk through either the Aria or Bellagio or take an expensive cab ride.Unless you are a troglodyte, stay somewhere else that will give you the full experience... or at least... a meal?
3	If Bunny and I hadn't stayed at Aria prior to our stay at Vdara, my rating would most likely be higher. However because our last visit to Vegas was such a wonderful experience, Vdara paled in comparison to Aria. Don't get me wrong, I still enjoyed our vacation and had a great time, but no matter how much I tried to be positive, there seem to always be something missing.Being that I'm not a huge gambler, it didn't really matter to me that Vdara didn't have a casino. With so many hotels in the vacinity, we were bound to find one anyway. The upside in not having a casino was that the hotel was smoke free. The lobby was quite small and there was only a cafe, which closed at 10, and a bar. Not having any restaurants wasn't too big of a day either since we could easily find somewhere to eat within the city center. It was quite unique Vdara lacked a casino and restuarants, but the thing which bothered  me was there wasn't a gift shop. I know, going to Vegas was not like traveling to a foreign county or somewhere that not many  have been to. However, I like purchasing keychains, postcards and little knick knacks for some close friends. So I had to go to Elements, the gift store at Aria, to see if they sold any of Vdara's items. Unfortunately that was not the case, so I had settled on a few postcards of Cystals, the shopping center in the city center. Not exactly what I was looking for, but close enough.The amenities were nice. We visited the fitness center and pool once. There were plenty of machines and equipment. Each treadmill and bicycle had a towel and water bottle. There was one main pool, as opposed to having mulitple pools, like at Aria. While sitting by the poolside at Vdara, you could hear the music from Aria's side.Aside from the lack of restaurants, casino, hip pool area, the most important part of the hotel met our expectations. The rooms were very spacious, nice and clean. There would be buttons to press when we needed housekeeping, which would alert the front desk. One night, we even had a message on our phone from the front desk apologizing for not cleaning our room when in fact it had already been cleaned. If that's not great customer service, than I don't know what is.Vdara would not be my first choice to stay at. However if there are some good deals again and the opportunity comes up, I wouldn't mind coming back.
5	I bought a vacation package through Virgin America which gave me a slight discount on staying here.  I love this place.  When I first walked in I was so happy.  No smell of smoke! Woohoo!  Staff was very helpful and nice (well, they have to be) and I had no problem getting into my room.  Room itself...spacious, clean, quiet, and damn what a view.  I had the view of the backside of the hotel and freeway but still one damn nice view it was. Bed was the most comfortable bed I've slept in in a looooong time.  And the bathroom...love.  HUGE tub to take a bubble bath (which I did..SCORE!) and a nice shower.  PLUS, enough space for two girls to get ready in the bathroom comfortably. LOL.  So few things...no real restaurants here but they have a bar, a place to get food a la carte, and room service.  Not bad to me.  I tried foods in all areas and was very surprised that food was pretty good.  The bar had amazing drinks as well.  It can get crowded and busy since there's only one bar in the hotel (besides the pool) which is understandable.  But every drink that I had there was delightful and refreshing.  Brandie is your girl to go to...(check my review for Bar Vdara).The pool isn't ginormous but it's a good size.  Not very deep (which I like since I can't swim) but like the hotel itself it was a very "chill" crowd.  Don't expect a party scene here.  Some families were there but they were in certain areas of the pool which didn't bother my time there at all.  I even had time to go to the Spa which I wished I had more time to go to next time I come.  It's immaculate and has everything you need.  Get a massage and treat yourself if you can here.  It's well worth it in my opinion.This is my first time staying here and would LOVE to come here again and again.  I don't gamble and don't really smoke so this place was just right for me.  If you did want that "vegas nightlife" it's only but a short walk to Bellagio (there's a walkway), Aria, etc.  It's a very good central location in my mind with all the perks of a nice hotel I need.
5	I travel 30-45 days out of the year and the Vdara is now one of my favorite hotels!My wife and I are not gamblers and I don't like smoke. So I decided to give the Vdara a try on a recent trip to Sin City. For me, the most important part of a hotel is the room. We had the cheapest room at the Vdara which was a king suite with a small kitchenette and four-piece bathroom. We had a nice view of the Rio and the mountains in the distance. The room was so comfortable that my parents and in-laws ended up hanging out in our room for hours chatting.We only spent one day at the pool which I guess is small compared to the mega resorts like the Aria next door. We enjoyed the more intimate scene. I didn't try the pool side lounge or food but I saw lots of people taking advantage of the service.We also enjoyed the Market Cafe in the lobby. It had one of the best breakfasts (although the coffee was a little disappointing). There were plenty of restaurants in the Aria, Bellagio, Monte Carlo and Crystals, all of which can be reached by tram or short walks.
5	We loved our 4 night stay during the first week of October. My husband and I booked the basic deluxe suite and was upgraded to a panoramic suite on the 48th floor when I told  the desk clerk it was our anniversary :P The clerk informed us he was able to upgrade us so much because our stay didn't consist of the whole weekend. When we got to our room, we thought, "JACKPOT!" The place was really nice - like a really modern pad in The City (San Francisco, CA). We had windows spanning 270 degrees of our room. Our bedroom view was of the Rio and Canyon and from the bathroom, we had partial view of the Bellagio fountains and strip.The panoramic suite is basically a very pimped up condo. It's very spacious at about 800 sq ft., comes with a full-sized stainless steel refrigerator, dishwasher, 4-burner stovetop and our very own washer and dryer! Talk about fully loaded! You have to ask for pots, pans, cooking utensils, knives, etc though. The rooms have sliding frosted doors separating the bedroom from living room so you can easily have privacy with people in the bedroom and living room (pull-out bed). The pool is very small and unimpressive including the wait staff there. I don't hang out at the pool much so it wasn't a big deal for me. Outside of the room, there isn't much else to Vdara but that's ok because there's a short connecting bridge to the Bellagio. Good location and reasonably price for center of the strip area (technically in the City Center but very short walk to strip by going through the Bellagio). Highly recommended!Just an FYI, parking is valet only and there is a $25 daily resort fee which is standard at almost all of the 4* - 5* hotels on she strip. This includes wi-fi, business center, gym usage, etc.
4	Exactly a year ago today, my friends and I stayed at Vdara to celebrate two friend's birthdays and Halloween, Sin City style. One of the birthday girls chose Vdara and the six of us stayed in the Deluxe Suite. With a King-sized bed and a pull-out couch, we had more than enough space. Even though the weekend wasn't one of my best ventures out to Vegas, the accommodations were comfy & clean and I'd stay here again.
4	Vdara , compared to Encore and Palazzo, is a standard hotel FOR VEGAS. It's a great hotel if you're looking for extreme piece and quiet. There is absolutely nothing going on at night in the hotel. There is only one cafe which closes at 10 pm, i think. There aren't any restaurants. No casino. It's super quiet!!! The rooms are very clean and set up is nice. I can't remember which appliance did not work when I stayed there but something didn't work in the kitchen. The kitchen is actually really nice....Good size. Bathroom was really nice too. Very big and great showers. I new prior to booking my stay here, that the hotel would be low key and quiet BUT it really doesn't have anything. Not even shops, A gift shop. So although I was expecting a quiet environment in this hotel , it was a little too quiet for my taste. My main concern when traveling is that hotels are clean and Vdara is very clean with nice rooms.
5	This was my first time staying here. Please read m review below.Cons: only accepts credit card or cash for security deposit. Does not accept debit cards. Since I like to travel using only my debit card, this was a drag for me to pull on $300 cash to put on hold for the rest of my stay. This hotel does NOT have a casino, so walking a bit further is required if you want to do a little late night gambling. Pros: this hotel is breath taking. Since it was my first time at the city center, everything was so classy, big and modern about this hotel. The number one pro: cleanliness of the room! It smelled so good. Since these hotel rooms were originally to be sold as condos and not as a hotel, you totally scored on having a huge room while paying at hotel price!! The room is literally a little living space. for the cheapest room, it comes with a tiny kitchen, dining area,  washer and dryer, full closet, huge bathroom and a tv. The technology was amazing as well. The black out curtains with a touch of a button on a remote control was much needed for the next morning. The touch buttons near the front door to indicate maid service or not (as opposed to the traditional tags you hang on the door knob). The flat screen tv mounted on the wall was excellent as well. The modern design was breath taking. The doors to the bathroom was double French doors with frosted glass that are made from expensive wood. Seems like all the furnishings were top notch quality. Since this hotel dos NOT have a casino, you get a a very quiet nights sleep. Conclusion: they have a washer and dryer in the cheapest room. This completely sold me and I cannot "go back" to any other hotel but this. By far, the most beautiful/awesome hotel I have ever stayed in.
5	Stayed here with the family.  Asked for a high floor room and the receptionist upgraded us to an Executive Suite for no additional charge!  This room was incredible, separate Master BR, Master Bath, Powder Room, Living Room, Dining Area, Kitchen, and even a small Laundry Closet.  Automatic shades gave us a dramatic view of the city unfolding as they rose.  Brand new, modern, and tastefully decorated.  Staff was very accommodating.  Kids slept on pull out sofa.  I complained to the Linens person that the sofa mattress seemed uncomfortable.  They sent up a full size down feather bed, two sets of sheets and two pillows.  The kids loved it.  Our bed was very comfortable.  Room had (2) 52" LCD TV's.  Master Bath had a deep soaking tub with crazy views of Vegas.  We got a great deal on Priceline the night before we came.  I highly recommend!!  Also the location is great, right off the South Strip.
4	Pros: Nice fancy hotel, no-smoking, valet parking, beautiful view of the bellagio fountain and the strip if your lucky to get that side. Cons: It's confusing to get to the hotel driving, and even worse walking. The strip is really like a block away, but either you walk through the Bellagio or Aria to get out or you take a taxi. Also be aware that a $28 resort fee/night and $100 deposit/night is charged when you check in. Overall I recommend the hotel. The pricing was right, and the service was  great, but I don't think i'l be staying here again.
2	For starters no casino. What a way to start. All the rooms are so-called suites which means one king size bed and tge rooms are small. They attempted to create a "kitchen" , but no plate, silver wear and no coffee maxhine. What a joke . They only give you soap, shampoo and lotion. You want anything else you have ti call them. Its a bother. I didnt get any comps...no perks . Nobodt even offered a discount on any shows. The pool is a joke.....clised at 7pm efen on weekends??????? If you want a las vegas experience this place aint it. Priceline f#$ked me. What a terrible las vegas trip. Good news i won alittle money at poker.
4	I'm digging these new CityCenter properties in the mid-Strip area. Thumbs up for the clean modern design aesthetic Vdara utilizes that makes the room feel a little more like an upscale condo and less like a run-of-the-mill hotel room. Well, I guess the fact there's a kitchen with a stove probably contributes more to that "homey" feel too.I liked that the shower door didn't leak.  Sounds kinda dumb to point that out, but I had a small lake replete with fish pooling around my shower at Palazzo.  The sink was one of those trendy rectangular models that looked cool but functionally sucked. The near-flat bottom made sure that draining water never drained well, and when there's two guys shaving with razors it meant splashing water around futilely trying to clean up the place for the next person. I absolutely loved the fact that I didn't need to walk six kilometers through a smokey casino to go from the lobby to the guest elevators.  In fact, there is no casino at Vdara and the closest one is probably Cosmo next door.  The downside is that there's no direct connection to Cosmo, but it's not a big deal.  Vdara *is* connected via walkway to its sister property Bellagio.  It's a long route to take, but made easier if you make a pit stop at Jean-Philippe's for some chocolate.The beds were comfy, the room nicely appointed and we had a decent view looking north towards the water show at Bellagio.  The gym wasn't huge with maybe 10 treadmills/ellipticals and a dozen machines plus free weights, but it was also so empty that it wasn't a factor. Plenty of towels and water made a quick workout a breeze. Good location and everything above makes it a solid 4 stars for me. Looking forward to my next stay here.
5	It may not have a casino here but only within 3 min walking distance you can either hit up the Cosmo Hotel and Aria for your gaming needs.This place is super cute and cozy. The rooms are suite style rooms with separate bedroom, bathroom, kitchen etc. It has all the amenities you need and you feel as though you are staying in a home rather than hotel. There were about 8 of us in this suite and our friends had another one the next hall over that had 7 of them. We all slept comfortably and it wasn't too crowded.I would definitely stay here again!Total spent $free.99
4	Despite being MGM's biggest money pit, this place is still accommodating for guests such as ourselves, maintaining a good level of service and having very classy rooms and furniture. Staying in their suites means you get to stay inside one of the rooms they originally intended to sell as a condo, you can tell by the washer and dryer. Therefore, if you're gonna stay in Vegas for more than four days for a convention or what not, definitely try and get one of these Vdara suites. The rooms are fairly dark; you can see they're going after a very modern feel just as with the casinos and lobbies of Aria. Our suite was pretty damned big; a bedroom with one king bed, a living room with a plasma and roll away couch, its own kitchen, and a larger than normal bathroom with a tub, stand up shower, two sinks, and a powder room counter. We landed our suite at 180 a night, thanks to Priceline. It's one heck of a bargain, and I think you can consistently land this hotel on that site, as well!
4	The Vdara is for you if you want: to be in City Center where the hotels are all modern with no tacky themes, no smoking, spacious all suite rooms, don't mind short walks to the Aria, Cosmopolitan or Bellagio for gaming, buffets and restaurants. The in-room dining with butler style service is very nice and the concierge was very patient and helpful.  All of the staff I interacted with were very courteous. Vdara is not for you if you want: smoking, gaming in house, a selection of restaurants, or a large pool and pool scene.I had a wonderful experience there and would certainly return again.Tips: ask for a robe and slippers, ask for the plates/silverware too so you can fulfill those late night snacking urges. Ask for the late checkout, they gave us 1 hour no problem and early check-in was a breeze.
4	The Vdara is so nice! I didn't realize we have a hotel without a casino in it. I had clients who had a corner suite on the top floor and I was very impressed with the gorgeous view. The suite was a great deal at $275/night!The lounge downstairs was very posh and the service was stellar. We ordered a bottle of wine and snacked on some almonds. There was also a flare bartender that was quite entertaining.I think my next stay-cation will be at Vdara.
1	Horrible, they allow Yahoo Travel to book rooms for this hotel. Yahoo travel took my $$ through their website but never sent my confirmation info to Vdara hotel of my reservation. But what pissed me off was that neither parties were willing to assist us satisfactorily in any kind of timely fashion. Yahoo kept blaming the Vdara and the hotel kept blaming yahoo.. Get it effing together idiots.  You left us sitting in the lobby for hours while you waited for yahoo travel's confirmation fax which just never came & never came. Shame on you both for wasting our time & money. The one star is for Ethan of Vdara who was the only one who was willing to help us out & get us in our room! Yahoo travel doesn't have a way for me to review them on yelp, but you guys get negative stars for customer service.  Avoid them as a travel booking agency, not worth all this hassle to save 20 bucks. Uuuuugh!
5	Couldn't have asked for a better hotel to stay in. Short walk to the Bellagio put you right into the casino, or a short walk across the front entrance put you right in the Aria casino.  Rooms were beautiful with amazing views.  Cleanliness of the room was amazing at times.  Will most definately stay here the next time i visit
4	Modern, clean, excellent staff, plush beds, free valet.  The bathtubs are really cool.   I'll stay here again no question.  It's a non-gaming and smoke free hotel which is a plus when you want to relax and take a break from the smokey casinos.
4	Very clean and modern. The door mechanism is kind of awkward. You have to wave your card on it very very slowly. We were a group of 4 dudes, on the 37th floor. Man the view was killer! We all slept perfectly and wasn't disturbed.2nd to last day and my friend noticed that the maids lifted his belt! Man was he pissed. A janky black belt for the clubs only and they took it!The valet kicks ass and non-aggressive and free ( tip of course)
5	I came in with high expectations and they were met! Granted, it's only 3 years old, but the property is still impeccable! We checked in on the Tuesday before Thanksgiving close to 10 pm and there was no line. I never saw the line more than 10 or 12 people as we walked through the lobby.The room itself was very nice. Bathroom is extremely clean (which is my biggest marker of a clean hotel room!). There's a microwave, a hot plate, and a mini fridge. Layout is nice. Having a place to sit and watch at tv outside of the bed is really nice! Bed was very comfortable as were the pillows.We booked a lake view room and on the 34th floor had a great view of the Bellagio fountains. I was extremely pleased with our view!Bathroom is gorgeous. I'd be happy to model my dream bathroom like that.Room was extremely quiet. We were right around the corner from the elevator and I didn't hear a single person or the elevators. Elevators were fast and quiet.Being 6 months pregnant, I was happy to find a place that was 100% smoke free and there was no casino. There was quick access to Bellagio and the tram to Crystals and Monte Carlo which made going to the south end of the strip a breeze!Drawbacks: "blackout" curtains leave some gap and lets some light in during the morning hours. No sit down restaurant or buffet. The food at the "market" was just ok.We'd happily stay here again and definitely have a view of the fountains again. It was a great stay!
2	Vdara is just... not as luxurious or nice or accessible as other high end hotels on the strip. The last time I came to Vegas, I stayed in Encore in a suite that was about the same size as the standard suite at Wynn, and even though Vdara is newer, it lacked in the small touches that made Wynn awesome. Vdara is like when you rent an apartment that was designed to look nice on the outside but when you actually start living in it, everything becomes a bit unworkable or unpleasant. Since Wynn is my standard now, and Wynn is where I will stay if I ever want to stay in a suite again (which is absolutely possible), I will compare it to Wynn below.Refrigerator: Vdara has a TINY TINY fridge you can use for your perishables/desserts/leftovers. HOWEVER. It is like a third the depth of a normal cube refrigerator you find in dorm rooms. Totally unworkable, annoying, and kind of defeats the purpose. No freezer at all. Wynn, however, does not have ANY fridge. Point Vdara.Kitchen: Vdara has a tiny kitchenette in their standard rooms. We decided to buy breakfast food and we brought a hot water kettle and french press with us to save on the exorbitantly high coffee prices others have complained about. We also got the cooking supplies, which in theory are great. However, its really hard to cook for yourself when they provide you the bare minimum utensils, and you forgot your seasonings and there are no kitchen towels or other amenities to help you other than what they bring. No sponge to clean up after yourself (we used a washcloth from the bathroom or paper napkins). Additionally, the kitchen only has a tiny trash bin, which is unlined, and the tile is VERY loud if you drop anything on it. Just... unworkable. However, Wynn doesn't have a kitchen. Reluctant point to Vdara. It seems clear that Vdara doesn't really want you to use the kitchen. They kept pushing things on us when we asked for kitchen supplies (such as room service).Distance from the strip: Vdara and Aria tout their prime location on the strip in city center, however, I would venture to say that it will take anyone who is walking at a fast pace (we both are fast walkers) at LEAST fifteen, if not twenty minutes just to reach one of the bridges across the strip. Let alone, anywhere other than Vdara or Aria (Bellagio is attached to Vdara, but to get there is still a trek, and you are FAR from the strip). Wynn was a much shorter walk down. The only concern is that Wynn isn't in the middle of the strip. However, we didn't have to leave our room 40 minutes ahead of time to get somewhere we wanted to go (either by foot or by car, see below), so point Wynn.Parking distance: It took just as long to get to our car (because Vdara doesn't have its own self-park garage and we don't want to pay tips for valet parking every time we get our car--which is often) as it took to get to the strip. We found ourselves DREADING going anywhere, and I had to discard my cute shoes because my feet were killing me after the first night here. I didn't discover that valet parking was complimentary until looking at a review to the right. No one told us. Wynn was NORMAL. You park, get into the building, walk a few hundred feet, hit your elevator, and then go to your room. Point Wynn.Techy Things in the Suite:  Both Wynn and Vdara have switches to open and close the shades. However, Wynn's also include a do not disturb/maid service request button (to show on the outside of the suite) conveniently located next to the bed. Vdara's are all near the kitchen, a good fifteen feet away from the bed. Wynn's includes extra light switches too. You can get in bed, press your buttons, and not leave again. In Vdara, you have to get out of bed and walk fifteen feet to turn off the lights next to the bed, to open or close the shades. You have to walk to the DOOR (twenty-five feet away) in order to turn on the do not disturb. This is what I was referring to when I talked about being like an apartment designed by someone who never has to use it. Point Wynn.Power outlets in convenient locations: I like to have my phone next to me when I sleep, especially because I need white noise to sleep away from home. Imagine my surprise in Vdara when I literally COULD NOT find an outlet closer than the bathroom (ten feet away) for my phone, or about ten feet away on the other side under the window... No outlets next to the bed. Motel 6 has outlets next to the bed. WTF Vdara? Wynn obviously has these. Point Wynn.Customer Service: Both places had lots of really nice people working in housekeeping and customer service. Vdara made several errors sending people to our suite when we didn't ask. Housekeeping was VERY aggressive, but that's better than ignoring. Points? Even.altogether, given the hassle of getting to the strip, the pushing to spend more money, and the not-well-thought out amenities, I vote Wynn all the way. Hearing delivery noises in the mornings also sucked. I won't be coming back to Vdara.
4	Summary - Upscale hotel with some service deficienciesPros - Great views, modern attractive suites, comfortable bed, excellent spa, easy to get to room (compared to other Vegas Hotels).  Nice soaking tubs that fill up fast.Cons - Hit or miss service, below average valet service, pull out bed as bad as they get.The rooms are clean, comfortable, quite and attractive.  The panoramic suites have great views of the city - the city corner suites aren't quite as nice but still have good views.  The spa at the hotel is one of the best anywhere.  There is no casino in the hotel (which is actually a plus for me) so it is easy to get to your room without walking through 500 yards of smoke before making it to the elevators.  There is a short walkway that connects the hotel to the Bellagio and the Aria is about 100 yards away for gambling and better food.  If you have a car you will be required to use the valet service, which is horrible at this hotel.  On our last trip we were there 5 days and when we tried to call down to have them bring out our car they never answered the phone.  One time we wanted to run across to the Aria Hotel to grab a quick coffee and asked went to the valet desk to ask them to bring out our car so we could pick it up in 20 minutes - they refused.  When we checked out of the hotel we brought our baggage and valet claims to the bell desk, who told us we couldn't give them to the desk and had to go flag down someone outside.  Bottom line is that the employees weren't helpful - especially for a hotel that wants to be upscale.  We never waited less than 10 - 15 minutes for them to bring out our car.  The good news is that if you don't drive to the hotel you can bypass the valet.  Housekeeping was generally good and the staff was friendly.  The only exceptions were occasionally (3 times during a 5 day stay) they would show up at our room to bring us things we didn't order.  This really wasn't a big deal except one time someone at hotel called after we explained that we didn't order any plates and in a demanding voice wanted to know exactly what we ordered.  "Nothing" we explained again - it was really weird.
3	Stayed here for a one night staycation in November. I didn't see much of the hotel other than the room and the lobby, but everything I did see looked clean and modern. The only dining options are room service and a small cafe located off the lobby. I didn't try either. A standard room is pretty spacious. There's a small kitchenette as you enter complete with a stove top, two-person dining table, microwave and mini fridge. Half of the fridge is used for the minibar (don't touch anything in there!) and the other half is empty. You have to request plates and silverware if you need them. Past the kitchen is a large room with a sofa, chair and bed. The mattress was really soft and comfy, as were the pillows. The bathroom was fairly standard -- nothing to write home about.I've only checked out a few hotel rooms on the strip but I'd have to rate this one below the ones I've experienced at The Palazzo, Cosmo, and Caesars. All of which have more interesting layouts, design, and amenities. Our room at Vdara wasn't bad, it was just kinda dull. One big positive (if you're looking for a place that's quiet) is that it doesn't have a casino or club so there's a lot less noise. Another positive is the front desk. We didn't have to wait long to get checked in and they were nice enough to send up a complimentary bottle of champagne to our room.The negatives are:- Few dining options- Not convenient if you plan to walk to other casinos since it's not directly on the Strip (it's set back behind the Cosmo on Harmon)- No self parking. It's all valet, which is nice when you drop off your car. But waiting for your car when you want to leave can take a while during peak hours.
4	Room is very clean and modern!
2	Hrmmm.  I really liked the property itself, but the service left something to be desired. I was going to Vegas for a work thing, and I decided to add two extra days as a quickie vacation to hit a spa and get some warm weather.  I don't gamble, so I kind of do the anti-Vegas thing. I picked the Vdara because I was hoping for a view of the Bellagio Lake (which I got) at something less than Bellagio prices (also achieved).  I also liked that there was no smoking and no casino, since I wanted peace, quiet, and clean air.  All of which I got.  I signed up for the Romance Package in case my S.O. could make it (that part, unfortunately, didn't work out).  Anyway, there were some minor perks, including a $100 food credit.  I saw different fine print on whether this was $50 for Food and $50 for the "resort fee" or $100 food.  I asked  front desk person (Michelle), who said $75, and that it was good for the restaurant and not just room service.A buddy was at loose ends, and decided to join me at the last minute.  Since she was between jobs, I offered to share my room, since hey, suite, with plenty of space.  (Since I signed up for the Romance Package, they probably figured we were lesbians, but hey, got an upgrade for it or something.)Anyway, the suite was beautiful.  (Hooray for upgrade!)  I loved it.  It was very much like a condo, which I actually kind of dig on vacation.  There was a guest powder room, dining table, proper fridge in addition to mini-bar, dishwasher, and fabulous views.  Particularly from the master bath, but I'll take it.We called down to housekeeping to ask for extra streets for the sofa bed, and they said 20 minutes.  We called back 45 minutes later after receiving nothing, and the phone just rang and rang.  Yes, it was late, but they said 24 hour housekeeping, so.  We were tired, so we did without that night.  (We left a note and tip the next morning, so that worked.)We hit the bar and restaurant downstairs a couple times, since the Vdara Bar was conveniently nearby and had a whimsical swing outdoors.  I also ventured to the spa as well (and really will try to write a review for that and the bar).  Other than the incident with the extra sheets, I thought all was well, checked out and went to my work thing across the driveway at the Aria. I get the bill emailed to me and there's $156 in food and beverage charges at the hotel, and no credit.  It's not going to make or break me, but I hate being ripped off.  I email back to ask about it, and get no response.   So now I'm cranky, and my goodwill has vanished.  Later, I get an automated survey, which I answer in scathing detail, and leave my contact info so they can contact me if they want, but I didn't expect a response.  Luckily, someone did, a couple weeks later, with a very nice apology, and  they credited my AmEx for the $156.  They offered me an upgrade if I go back, but I'm still undecided if I will.
5	Excellent place.  Clean, quite, great place to get away from the hectic strip...which of course if fun as well.  Two flat screens in the suite...oh, forgot to mention all rooms are suites.  Really a classy place.  I would stay here again.  You can walk to the Aria within 2 minutes and the Cosmo with 5 [max].  They have a tram that goes to monte carlo and you can walk to the Bellagio within a couple minutes....so it's a great central location.
5	This might just be a factor of the slow time of year, but the room I was given was awesomely large and clean with a postcard view from the 48th floor. I really liked this place, not a typical Vegas hotel, but I didn't miss the casino floor, the smoking, the 'toots, or any of the other mainstays of that city. Nice store downstairs with reasonably priced food and helpful service. Gym was well-equipped and the pool was relaxing. Will definitely go back as long as the prices stay down.They did a great job with this one, not so much with the Aria next door, which appears to be starting it's meth fueled journey into madness a few years early.
4	Clean and modern love it. Great service as well. A friend of ours had booked a room in advanced, however they gave us the wrong room number twice! After the third time, the receptionist proceeded to give us an upgraded suite with a kitchen, 1.5 bathrooms, a bedroom, and a pull out bed from the couch. The hotel itself was very clean and I felt like a million bucks walking down the hallway. Valet parking only, so be prepared to tip when picking up your cars. Close to the Cosmopolitan, and moderately still close to the strip. Wifi was included for our room! Tons of mirrors everywhere, allowing us to get ready without any crowding. Would definitely come back again.
4	I didn't notice the perfume everyone on here mentioned that was pumped through the hotel for its ambiance until my friend pointed it out later when we were checking out and I agree it does smell DELICIOUS. SMOKE free. AWESOME. I didn't really care and never really noticed a difference until after the trip. Staff is very welcome and nice. Very accommodating, GYM is on point. I was able to slap my IPOD with the two flat screen tvs. We were upgraded to a view overlooking the entire strip and Bellagio. Pool was nice. Jacuzzi quite small. Older clientele. More, older looking folks and business casual. (Personally would've enjoyed seeing more folks my age, but glad no crazy wild young crowds acting crazy!)GREAT AMENITIES. Housekeeping on point. Bed was very comfortable. Bathroom kind of awkward. There's no actual door so if you're traveling with a friend you will have to kindly slide the shutter when changing, taking a shower, or using the restroom. The bathtub pipe was leaking towards the end of the trip so it scared the crap out of it. I did NOT want to use that throughout the trip. Check in and check out was breeze. You can actually check out upstairs in your room via the tv screen monitor. I'd consider going back to stay if there was a deal, however, please note it is quite behind COSMO and you have to walk through the side streets or through the Bellagio to get through everything.
3	The new Vdara is in a great location. It's close to the Cosmopolitan, Aria, and Bellagio with larger rooms for a little less $$. As someone else pointed out, there is currently construction going on that starts at 7 am! We were on the 11th floor and could hear the fork lift moving around wood and dropping pallets loud and clear first thing in the morning. I want to point out that we aren't light sleepers either- we live right near a major airport at home and can sleep through the jets above us any day. This wasn't something easy to ignore and it woke us up bright and early each morning. The annoying part was when we went to the Aria for breakfast to escape the noise (right next door), paid $4 for a croissant and $9 for a breakfast sandwich, but still had front row seats to more loud construction. They're remodeling their lobby FYI. Also, the internet in the rooms doesn't work and I spent over 2 hours trying to connect via wifi and LAN to send work emails that I composed on the flight over. Thankfully, it connected for about 3 minutes at one point and sent them, but we never established a connection again and on a side note- the LAN cable was less than 3 feet long, and not located on a desk or usable workspace, so I had to keep my laptop on the chair and sit on the floor to use it. The bad connection was also passed to our iPhones that couldn't get us any internet service in our room so figuring out our day plan was a pain. Also- half of the room is dark because there's no light in the living area for some reason so it's hard to We had a $75 resort credit, which was just enough for the two of us to eat breakfast at Jean Phillipe one morning, and then it covered half of the next day. The $22 breakfast buffet at the Aria is...you got it- under construction and closed so you will need to go to another hotel for a buffet. The good news is that the Cosmopolitan has a great brunch buffet until 2pm everyday for $22. You can't use your resort credit, but it's worth it since you'll end up skipping lunch after so much food anyway. The spa at Vdara is still expensive, but the least expensive out of the hotels in the area. A 50 min pedicure is $60, where as it's closer to $80 at the Bellagio and Mandalay. The $25 resort fee ($28 after taxes) is a joke since the Internet doesn't work and the pool isn't open this time of year.
5	Very elegant and modern hotel. We arrived to the hotel around 12:30 PM on Thursday and there was no wait to check in. I was able to request my room with a view of the Bellagio fountains but had to wait until 3pm for it to be ready. They try to hold $500 from you on top of $140 in resort fees in case you charge the room.The smallest suite is still a great size room. Bed is comfy, bathroom is very spacious with a huge bathtub. There's no casino and the fact that it was non-smoking made it that much better. I will recommend and stay again!!
5	This is the place to stay in Las Vegas 5 star clean great service NO SMOKING the only draw back is it is a little walk to the strip.
5	My husband and I chose Vdara to celebrate our 5th wedding anniversary. We were not disappointed! What a treat...the hotel was wonderful! Conor helped us check in, and after requesting an upgrade and mentioning our anniversary (and giving Conor a nice tip), we were off to our room with a view of the Bellagio fountains (with no extra charge!).  The room was great...very spacious, elegant and modern, and the bed was so comfortable! Conor  even called later and left a message to make sure we were satisfied...great customer service! My only complaint about the room was the construction going on outside right below us. We were on the 23rd floor and I was surprised how much noise came through the windows, starting very early in the morning, and all night sometimes. Otherwise, I did not hear any other noise in our room which was great. I really enjoyed that Vdara is smoke-free and non-gaming.  It was so nice to come "home" after a long day/night out, and not have to navigate a huge, loud, smoky casino to reach our room. And the lobby smells amazing! We had the $75 resort credit which was perfect for coffee for 3 days, snacks, waters and beers here and there.  We didn't even use the whole credit.  Housekeeping was very friendly and did a very nice job making up our room while we were out. It was cool to come back to the room and find our bathroom items neatly organized...cute little touch. I thought Vdara was in an excellent location, and the walk through the Bellagio to reach the Strip was quick and pleasant. My husband and I had a wonderful anniversary at Vdara, and agree this will be our new go-to hotel when we visit Vegas. Hip, modern, swanky, excellent service...we can't wait to come back (next time, we'll try the spa!)!  Thank you, Vdara!!!
4	We recently stay in a City Corner Suite at Vdara. The room was beautiful, great decor and very clean. Nice Aveda products in the bathrooms. Quick check in and fast Valet service. No self parking on property. My only issue was with housekeeping. We called down for extra wash cloths and laundry soap, after waiting for two hours I called again and about an hour later they finally brought it.....frustrating. We also went to the spa for a pedicure. We purchased groupons at half price. The pedicure was great....not worth $70 but everything in spa's on the strip is pricey, so, not a big deal.  The walkway to the Tram and Bellagio is very convenient. All in all this was a great stay!
1	This was my first time at Vdara and I was excited for this "5 star" resort experience. Unfortunately, it felt more like a three star hotel room. The pull out bed was horrendous, even with the feather down pad that you have to request. They don't provide cots and they talk to you on the phone like you're bothering them somehow. The regular bed was fine though. The room layout was not what the front desk rep described and was not very intimate or private. The internet was unreliable and it took some time and effort to get the front desk on the line to ask for a late checkout and for your car to be pulled up from valet, both of which they could and would not do for you. I did not feel valued or very welcomed as a guest and it was an overall disappointment. I would not recommend this hotel to friends. Frankly, the best part of the room was the view and bath robe.
3	I booked a room at a really great rate which included a view upgrade, a $50 Food & Beverage credit and $50 Salon Spa credit. Parking is valet only (complimentary) and we had to wait quite a while when we first arrived to valet the car.  Check-in also took FOREVER and I was told that I couldn't get a view upgrade because the hotel was sold out that night. The problem with the Food & Beverage credit is that it can only be used for room service, the lobby bar, or the market cafe (but not the market part).  We ended up using it for coffees, sandwiches, juice, and desserts at the market cafe and it took 35 minutes after we ordered to get our food.  I used my Salon Spa credit for a nice manicure but I would never pay $50 for that service.The room seemed really small despite its square footage. The kitchenette, dining area, and hall are just wasted space. The bathroom is also laid out kind of oddly, with the tub at a diagonal.  It seemed like the lack of a towel rack was a design flaw so they placed a little towel cart next to the shower. The area just didn't flow well.  Since over half of the suite is poorly laid out, the living room/bedroom area seemed really cramped.  Oh, let me also mention that the "blackout" blinds leave a huge gap of light coming in.Anyway, I thought the idea of a smoke-free/gaming-free hotel is what I wanted but I ended up not liking it very much and my bf really missed the casino. We're definitely going elsewhere next time.
4	Booked Vdara for a great price during my stay Dec. 23 - 25. Staff at the hotel was friendly and accommodating. We had a really bad experience at a restaurant in Aria that is associated with Vdara because they are all MGM properties and when we went to complain, the front desk associate Kyle corrected the situation by comping us for the meal and also waiving our resort fees. One downside was that housekeeping took a while to get us extra sheets and blankets for the sofa sleeper, and another group in our party never got their extra bedding because the hotel ran out. Overall, stay was comfortable, rooms and bathrooms were nice, and staff really went above and beyond. We really liked the location and not having a casino in the building. Complimentary valet service was nice when we pulled in on the first day. We pretty much just left our cars the entire stay. Lobby smelled heavenly! We would go back and stay again.
5	I LOVE this hotel.It's home away from home! The rooms are spacious even if u get the regular room! Which is a (+) anywhere in vegas! The service is great!
5	December 13 - 16th, 2012.  Very comfortable, modern hotel.  Great restaurant choices within walking distance.  Excellent spa.  Would definitely return.
4	No Casino, No Smoking .... absolutely wonderful!Be sure to note that the "do not disturb" sign is a button next to the door.
4	Modern, spacious, & family-friendly. This was our first trip to Vegas as parents. My husband did his research and picked Vdara for is casino-free, smoke-free, all-suite environment. Equipped with a kitchenette and mini-living room, it was perfect for our little 9 mos. old to roam around freely. And since its in the middle of The Strip, access to other hotels is within walking distance. There are only two reasons I didn't give it 5 stars: there aren't any dining options open past 10pm so you have to go next door to Bellagio or Aria or order room service. Also, the bed is too soft for my taste. I prefer a more firm mattress and this one was a bit lumpy. Tip: Don't pay extra to upgrade for a view. It's not worth it cuz all you see are cars driving in and out.
5	It was exactly what I needed and wanted in a resort in Vegas for this particular trip. This trip, I was pregnant. Thus, I wanted a place on the strip, but without cigarette smoke or a casino.  This delivered. The amenities were lovely. Nice linens, a pleasant, modern style, a mini kitchen, so you can reheat and store leftovers (which was ideal for us).  We got room service as we had a food credit there, and it was quite good.  Chicken tenders that were crisp and flavorful, and onion soup that I suppose could have been a touch less salty, but it was tasty and hot.  Our room had two flatscreen tvs, in a fairly small space, and a nice view, which was a partial view of the Bellagio fountains.  The Vdara is connected to the Aria and Bellagio, so for most of our activities, we didn't even have to step foot on the strip, unless we wanted to. I'm a fan of that as well. The lobby was very mellow and quiet, and because there are no major activities there, you get an instant sense of calm when you walk in. That's just not the norm for Vegas, and it's quite comforting.  If I come in for another non-work week or weekend, I will definitely stay here again.
2	I used to love their hotel, because the service was at top notch and after about a year it just started to go down hill.  Sometimes the towels, sheets are still dirty and trash was still left in the cabinets and trash buckets.  Also we had the corner view room and we had to walk by a pile of dirty linen outside of the other room for over 24hr... The front desk isn't as nice and fast as they used to be.  They were rude and not so friendly.  The valet service, SUCKS!  We had to wait 20-30 minutes for our car a few times.  We called for car and it wasn't even out by the time we got downstairs after 10 minutes.  Also, valet service, usually NEVER ANSWERS their phone and when we got downstairs, we saw 5 of them standing in the office chatting to each other.  It's Vegas....Lots of other hotel we can go to for better service.
5	Love that this place is not on the strip and is NO SMOKING! There are no freaky hookers running around, no party people, and no casino!A great place for a base to visit las vegas. Love the free valet parking (you do tip though), and that is walking distance to The Cosmopolitan, Aria and Bellagio. The rooms are contemporary and super hip. I stayed in a fountain view suite. Glad the room had a divider as apposed to the lower level rooms. I didn't really care that there is no coffee maker or robes. BTW, I like the smell of the place too, and the fact that it has a bar downstairs for a night cap! Will stay here next time for sure!
4	Let's keep this simple: great location (bridges to Bellagio, Aria/CityCenter), clean, affordable (look for online deals), and still upscale.It won't blow you away with a fountain or a garden or the hottest club in Vegas, but this is your place to sleep dammit.  If you so choose to do so while visiting Vegas.  I did, it's good for you.  While you're sleeping you aren't spending money.  Well, other than for the bed.  But it's a nice bed.
4	I love this place. The views are fabulous, the staff is very courteous, and the suites are well laid out. We had stayed here the previous season so we were upgraded from a one bedroom to two bedroom immediately. It is nice to stay at a place that does not have a casino so it is quiet and there is a lot less foot traffic inside. My only gripe is the long walk back from the strip. Either go through the Cosmopolitan or criss-cross back and forth on Harmon. Oh well, that is tge price you pay for a quiet retreat.The internet connection is terrible. My husband and I had a difficult getting and keeping our connection.
4	We love Vdara. The rooms are comfortable and the perfect size. The hotel is quiet, the pool is lovely, and the staff is friendly. Two minor complaints: 1) no self parking. 2) no restaurants. But there are plenty of restaurants in Las Vegas to choose from. We like Vdara.
5	LOVE the room! Outside looks nice too.
5	Stayed here in March, asked for a upgrade to a fountain view, the view at night was unreal. Although it was easy to get to the Bellagio and the Aria, walking  to the Cosmopolitan was a maze.
5	Very nice hotel. Awesome view from our room on the 50th floor. Rooms are spacious with a large bathroom that has a separate soaking bathtub. There is no casino which makes it quiet at night and no gross cigarette smell. There is a convenient train that will take you to the Crystals or the Monte Carlo for free. Good location on the strip.  The elevators are fast and will need to pop your ears around the 30th floor. Drinks are cheaper at the little convenience store than at the bar.
4	This was an awesome property to stay at while in Las Vegas.  I managed to snag the Panoramic suite a few days after Thanksgiving and it was simply amazing.  I ended up getting a package deal that allowed me $150 on food and resort amenities so I definitely took advantage of the extra spending money towards food.  The room service was amazing as well as the little shop downstairs by the lobby.  Freshly made food and you could take it up to your room for your own private consumption. Now the only two things that might make you pause and think about staying here is the fact that 1. It's a smoke free environment and 2. its a non-gaming property.  Now if you don't smoke, need to get a way from the gaming, or both, then this is a definite property for you.  The lobby is only a short walk away from either Aria, Bellagio or Cosmopolitan and if you talk to the Concierge they can put you on the guest list for Haze over at Aria.So overall, a great experience, low-medium price, and an overall wonderful experience at this property.  I look forward to returning!
4	pros: - nice, clean, modern hotel rooms- adequate security- efficient and friendly room service.cons: - kind of a far walk to the actual strip since its way towards the back of the city center- controlling the temp in the rooms was kind of hard (hard to find a happy medium)- felt every single spring on the mattresses on the sofa bed lol
5	Vdara is located in the new City Center of Vegas and it is a hidden gem.  Located at the back of the city center Vdara does not have a casino.  Since Vdara doesnt have a casino you can stay in their absolutely beautiful suites for less than Aria or Cosmopolitan.  The suites have floor to ceiling windows with electric powered shades/drapes, a kichten, dining table and living room area.  One of the coolest features is the studio like design of the suite.  The Bed is seperated by a wall housing a flat screen and drawers etc.  The wall is open on both ends so it doesnt close in the room. On the opposite side of the wall is your sofa, chairs, coffee table and another flat screen tv!  Vdara has been our favorite place to stay in Vegas for our last several trips. Although we are testing out Monte Carlo and Aria next month :)
2	This should have been a five star review. The hotel is amazing, the service is top notch and I had a wonderful time at the hotel. However, one thing really made me feel like a criminal and put a bad taste in my mouth. I like to iron my shirt before a big day of meetings and being CES, I wanted to be in top shape. I pulled out the iron and ironing board. To my surprise, not only did the ironing board have a iron holder bolted to the end of the board (making that end worthless and making ironing a shirt challenging) but it had a security cord attaching the iron to the board. Did they think I was going to steal the iron? Do they really have a problem with that? I've stayed at hotels from no star to four star and this is the first time they have ever been attached. It's challenging enough to iron with the cord much less having two cords. I hope that Vdara will correct this. I can't imagine that iron theft is a problem and if it is why don't you just charge the client. It's a bummer that such a classy place has this low-class security.
5	Yes, the rare 5 star rating.  I can't find anything to complain about.  The room was very comfortable and roomy, with a Bellagio fountain view to boot.  I actually like that there is no casino, less walking and traffic.  Never had to wait in a taxi line, easily walked (although through the parking garage)  to the Cosmo and Aria.  The bar downstairs is a little expensive, but the bartenders are cool and its easy access.  The club sandwich wasn't bad.  Nothing overly fancy here, but comfortable and a good value for your money.
5	I loved Vdara, and I've stayed in at least 4 other "luxury" hotels in Vegas. The cleanliness is impeccable, the service was fantastic, and the location in the center of the strip was so convenient for those wanting to walk. The suite room had a spacious living area and how cool to finally have a kitchenette in a Vegas room! They thought out all details for those wanting to cook in their room, including selling natural/organic microwave-friendly packaged foods plus cheese, crackers, and sausages in the cafe. Loved not having to walk through smoke and drunks to get to our room as there's no casino...but Aria is next door for those wanting a gambling fix. The only downer was the WiFi signal never seemed to be strong so I was on 3G all weekend.
5	Since my first stay in April of 2012, the Vdara has been my go-to hotel when visiting Las Vegas.The two bedroom penthouse suite was the room that first introduced me to what the Vdara was all about. Booking a penthouse automatically gets you limo service to and from the local airports as well as a few spa passes!Since my first weekend staying at the Vdara, I have has the good fortune of staying in their two story penthouses, hospitality suites, and panoramic suites. Although the rooms will naturally vary in size, the modern decor and upscale feel of the rooms are all the same.The agents at the front desk are all very polite and helpful! This attitude is also mirrored by every other staff member that I've encountered at the Vdara. After a night of partying, it is nice to come back to a non-smoking, non-gambling hotel. I've had nothing less than an excellent experience every time I have stayed here and I do plan on coming back very soon!
5	The receptionists were super friendly! I knew by their smiles I was going to have a great stay. I was right :-)My bf and I absolutely love spontaneous Vegas trips. We live 6 hours away, so it's close enough to randomly drive there, but far enough to be tired from the drive. We were greeted by a warm and engaging receptionist. He asked what brought us to LV and we said, "Oh, it's our just-cause-trip." He responded with, "I love that." And continued with, "Cause of that, I have something special for you two." He upgraded us to a breathtaking suite! The room was amazing: spacious, modern, beautiful view. It was like a mini apartment! I was so sad when we had to leave. That random trip gives me random smiles every time I step inside Vdara. They made my stay memorable :-) I can't wait to be back!
5	No casino?  WINFree valet parking?  WINAll rooms are suites?  Clean?  Modern?  Luxurious?  Electric curtains?  Futuristic hallways?  Sweet spa for my wife?  Did I miss anything?The only dislikes were the slow car retrieval, weak wireless network and lack of tea and coffee in the basic suite.  All that probably takes away just 0.2 star.  Very nice place to stay AND it's cheaper than Aria's non-suites,  That is especially true with the show package.
5	With over 15 years of visiting and staying in Las Vegas hotels, Vdara is without a doubt the best experience in the city.The modern style, great views, non-gaming, nonsmoking, and kitchens in each suite are huge positives, as is easy access to the strip.  These reasons alone make for a great stay but the staff take it to another level ensuring you have everything you need/want with genuine smiles.  The market on the first floor has great snacks to be enjoyed up in the room, as well as prepared foods that are very tasty and reasonably priced.We have stayed at Vdara over a half a dozen times the last couple of years and no where else compares.
4	Rooms are nice but no casino  which means you have to pay for the rooms usually
4	I spent a weekend out in Las Vegas, and stayed at Vdara for a day. Wow, this place is great. Check in was a breeze, and all the staff are very friendly. Our room was very nice and spacious, giving you that modern city feel. The bath rooms are a good size as well. The shower pressure was so so, but it was still relaxing. The bed is a big king and very comfy. The kitchen is pretty cool as well. if i could go back, i would have used more than i did. It comes with a oven top, small kitchen table, and a sink.Overall the hotel was amazing. The entire hotel itself was bit smaller then i had imagined, but its only because its not a resort & casino. Its a very relaxing get away and right in the middle of Vegas. Highly recommend you check it out.
4	We really enjoyed our stay at Vdara. Aside from the beautiful property in which everybody reviews about, I would like to review the staff in this hotel. From prior to checking in to checking out, our experience have been wonderful. the day before we arrived, I forgot to confirm the reservation for Zarkana Show and the reservationist helped us over the phone. It has to de dobe 72 hrs prior! Even if it wasn't the revervations staff's responsibility, she assisted us throughout the process.We arrived at the hotel early and the front desk was able to accomodate us immediately. Security Staff are courteous and professional. We felt safe.Concierge were able to help us with a car rental for a day. Valet staff are on it! They checked and made sure we were assisted. Housekeeping are great. They go about their duties with less noise.. barely knew they were next door or across the hall. They did a great job in our room. Spa staff? oh yes! :-) My massage therapist, Ivy was Awesome!! Also the ladies that receive you and maintain the spa are friendly and great. It also helps that the spa accepts spafinder certificates.I would recommend this hotel for those who want a relaxing getaway but also want that vegas vibe on a part time basis! We booked a weekday 2 night Zarkana Package for 350 plus fees and tax. Our seats were 10 seats back from the stage. Nice!!Thank you Vdara staff.. a hotel can look luxurious and beautiful, but it is the staff that reflects its true facade.
4	Don't be thrown off my stories of the "VDARA Death Ray."  In fact, that was the reason I wanted to check this hotel out - maybe I could have gotten a room to see people get zapped like flies.  Fortunately / unfortunately, the death ray probably no longer exists, but it's a good fisherman's tale.Seriously though, I wanted to try this hotel, since it didn't have a casino directly underneath the rooms, which drops the probability of me scuffling with a drunkard or prostitute before a nice evening.  This hotel was truly very relaxing.  True to it's namesake, the bathroom was very spa-like.  After 120 degree days and the stress of high stakes poker, a nice soak in the tub is indeed relaxing.It has a cafe on the bottom floor, so if you just want a quick snack, you don't have to walk outside in the blazing heat to get a nice cup of coffee.  It's also connected via walkways to the Aria and the Bellagio (and tram), so it's an easy walk to the casinos / food / shows.  Even though it's on the strip, it's a little bit hard to get to.  Thanks to the fellow yelpers, you must be very cautious to see the very small teeny tiny sign to the ramp to get there.  Also, the turnabout out of the hotel can also be confusing.The receptionists were also very friendly and informative.  They really went out of their was to be accommodating.  The valet service could have left more to be desired though - at times it was rather slow.Although I did like the "security" (after a certain time at night, there's a person checking for keys to enter the guest elevators), one of the staff was particularly aggressive towards me.  It was my first night there, so I had no idea.  I had my access card in my pocket, but I was almost yelled at for not showing it before going towards the elevators.  That wasn't very welcoming.  Star lost.
4	no casino and no smoking in the lobby...how awesome is that?large, stylish rooms.comfy bed.
4	I've stayed here twice now and I love it. It's a beautiful hotel and it's close to a lot of places - Cosmo, Aria, Planet Hollywood. Since there's no casino, it's a non-smoking hotel which means no cigarette smell! :D The first time I stayed here with my friends, we had a suite that came with a kitchen, two rooms, a small dining room, one full bathroom (with a shower and tub) and one half bathroom (just the toilet and sink). One room had a king size bed and the other had a pull out queen. The tub was super handy after a long night of clubbing and all the girls' feet were in pain. Everyone loved this room and it definitely added to the magic of our first trip to Vegas :)
4	Very nice hotel - new, modern and non-smoking! It was nice to not have a casino here. We liked being up on the 29th floor - could see a lot. Loved the automatic shades in the room, the large shower, the quick and quietly flushing toilet, and especially the tub!!!Prices in the market cafe were a little steep, but that's LasVegas. I appreciated being able to get a latte there in the morning.We took advantage of the free valet parking. The valets were very nice and efficient. We also got to check in early - wasn't expecting that we could but a nice surprise.
4	Date of stay - late Octubre 2012. Paid ~ $175 night for a 30ish floor "lake" side room" over the weekend. Room was clean and well kept. No complaints. There was a small kitchenette but was curiously lacking in any glassware and the like. It's Vegas, but hey. Even I might want a spoon at 3 am. Where Vdara absolutely sucks it up is with their cafe downstairs. It's rude and totally innefective. Want a cup of coffee in the morning? What a disaster. Read up on the other complaints about the cafe. They're all true.Location isn't perfect for the Strip, but is tolerable. You either need to wade your way through Aria or douchebag city errrr Jockey Club which will take quite awhile. Never used amenities so can't comment there.
4	Very nice indeed and I got a rate which I thought was pretty reasonable. Only thing is that they charge a resort fee whether you use the facilities or not. I wish they could make it optional. Vdara is located at the city center and sandwiched between Bellagio and Aria. I love that it's smoke free but the layout of the room feels a little tight. The little kitchen would be useful if you are staying more than a couple of days but the fridge might be a little small if you want to do any cooking at all. They have the most comfy bathrobes here! I also love that they have a little market cafe to do some grocery or food shopping.
2	I loved the room and hated the service. I had the city corner suite which was lovely but the room service lost our order, they charged me incorrectly at the spa, and they checked us out before we had checked out.
4	What I loved:- Beautiful suite with fantastic tub and wonderful view from the wall to wall windows (if you can get a suite on a high floor with an even number between 2-10, you'll have a great Bellagio fountain view!)- Non-smoking hotel.  This was perhaps the best feature for me.  It was so refreshing to come "home" to a stench-free environment.- Location/access to everything.  Vdara is actually very convenient.  There's a walkway to Bellagio with Aria & Cosmopolitan right out the front door and Monte Carlo (and the south strip) is just a quick, free tram ride away.Why it's not a 5*hotel:- Extremely low quality linens.  Sheets were like sleeping on cotton/polyester sandpaper and towels were thin, stiff and a couple already had holes.  Very odd.  I have never seen such low quality and have had much better at Hampton Inns & Best Westerns.  I know they are going to eco-friendly, but eco-friendly does not equate to terrible quality.  I was so happy to get home to my bamboo sheets & soft, fluffy towels.- Extremely low quality bath products. The bath products were equally terrible.  Usually I bring my own shampoo/conditioner/lotion - but lately when I've stayed at nicer hotels, I find that their bath products are so nice, I feel silly for taking up space in my little quart sized carry on, so I didn't bring any this time.  Oh what a mistake.  They were absolutely atrocious.  I ended up stopping by Sephora and picking up some sample size products to use for a 2 night stay (that bad - couldn't even manage for 2 nights).  I suppose it's worth noting that they do sell travel sized Aveda products in their spa/salon.- Sparse amenities.  No real restaurant, you have to request robes or coffee maker if you would like them (not a big deal, but seems like this should be standard for a 5*).  No HBO/movie channels/etc.  Again not a big deal at all, but it just struck me as really odd.- $25 resort fee is for a sparse fitness center with no locker room/sauna/steam room (you have to purchase a spa day pass or spa treatment to access that), 2 tiny bottles of water and wi-fi (which is free throughout the hotel, not a sign-on).  Eh - just found that irritating.In short - if you get a killer deal, the room alone is worth the stay. However, if you think of it as a 5* hotel, and compare to any other 5* in Vegas, you'll be very disappointed.  I'd say it's very on par with the MGM Signature - except you don't have a fun balcony.
4	My wife and I have been lucky enough to stay in some of the best hotels Vegas has to offer. This was our first time at the Vdara and we enjoyed it. We have stayed in the City Center twice before (Mandarin Oriental and Aria) so we knew the turf.The main difference in this hotel compared with the other 4/5 star hotels on the strip is lack of casino and no real restaurant on property. No biggie-the Aria, Bellagio and Cosmopolitan are within walking distance have have top notch restaurants and of course casino's. Vdara is also completely non-smoking (huge plus).Staff was nice, friendly and helpful and the room (standard 34th floor facing the mountains) was very nice and new. All rooms seem to have some sort of kitchen/kitchenette, although the only city I generally won't need a kitchen is Las Vegas!   An upgrade (besides a larger room) would be a room facing the Bellagio to see the famous fountains. Bottom line: If you can get a good rate and are traveling with children or just want a quiet oasis to get back to at night-this is your place (and Mandarin Oriental as well). If you love having the casino action and general Vegas craziness IN your hotel-stay at any of the other 4/5 star hotels on the strip.
4	My boyfriend booked this hotel for Super Bowl weekend. I was a little hesitant because there wasn't a casino.  I was pleasantly surprised when we arrived. Aria is very close walk to Vdara and you don't even notice that  that there isn't a casino.  The rooms are very nice and bed is super comfy. I probably wouldn't stay here for a girl's weekend, but this was the perfect spot for a couple's weekend. There was a little store on the first floor that had a variety of alcohol and food options. The prices were very reasonable and not the normal Vegas overpriced casino options.
3	Stayed there for my 21st bday sat-mon. The hotel is very nice. Like very nice. Their standard room is probably a high level room at any other hotel. The staff go out of their way for you and are super friendly; our room had a view of the freeway (eww) so my bf called the front desk and asked if we could get a better view and we were upgraded (for free) to pool view room on the 42nd floor and that room was bigger than our original. For some people it might be a negative but I really enjoyed the no casino aspect of vdara. Its soo nice to just walk right up to the elevators and to your room instead of wandering through an endless sea of machines and rude drunk people to find your room tower/elevator like at other hotels.But the reason I'm giving only 3 stars is because the Vdara's location SUCKS! Big time! Its such a hassle getting to it! And since its situated behind Aria its a real pain in the ass to even walk onto the strip. Which is something I did not need coming back from the club in heels at 3AM.
5	I wish I could live at Vdara! This hotel is super chic and clean! I love that it's smoke-free and has no casino. The staff, especially the front desk gives exceptional service. I work in the customer service industry and I wish whoever teaches the Vdara staff would come to my work and teach us a thing or two about customer service! The rooms are not your typical Vegas resort style rooms, it's not huge, but it's comfortable. I stay in hotels weekly for work, but wouldnt dare take a bath in any of the bathtubs (I stay at Hilton and Sheratons)but the tub at Vdara was spotless! Will definitely be staying here again.
5	Vdara was a dream come true. The service was excellent, and the hotel itself was cozy, unlike so many of the massive properties on the strip. The photos online make the Vdara look modern in what seemed like a cold way, but the rooms and lobby were surprisingly inviting. Also, the tub was magical! It was the msot comfortable tub I have ever been in. We had a room pretty high up, and we had a very nice view of the Bellagio fountains, which was so romantic and lovely. While the rooms were not as large and impressive as, say, those of the Venetian, I would rather stay in the Vdara.Note: Don't let Google Maps fool you. It's not as far off the Strip as it looks. There is a covered walkway that connects the Vdara to the Bellagio; it takes maybe two minutes at most to get from one to the other. The Vdara's location was extremely convenient as it is located basically in the middle of the Strip.I would definitely stay here again. In fact, I'm rather hesitant to try new properties because I like the Vdara so much.
4	Vdara is different from the other hotels in Vegas...it's away from the hustle bustle. There is no casino and no high end shops. That also means it's much quieter, smells clean and getting up to your room is not  an expedition. The pool seemed really nice too but they closed at 4pm (but that's probably because it's late winter/early spring).Yes, it's away from the strip but conveniently connected to the Bellagio which is right on the strip. Sometimes it was annoying to walk through the Bellagio but for the the most part, it was not a problem at all. Although we didn't try it but there's a tram that connects Aria and Bellagio. The room was modern yet cozy. There were 2 tv screens, automatic shades/blackout curtains, a stove, microwave and a mini fridge with 2 complimentary bottles of water. The bathroom was also pretty nice...especially the soaking bathtub with a hand shower. My only issue was that there were no power outlets on the bedside (or I didn't see any)...I like to have my phone charging next to me as I sleep. Also, perhaps this is standard for Vegas hotels but there was no coffee maker in the room. Otherwise, the hotel room was very comfortable and inviting.The service was exceptional. Every staff member we encountered was courteous and provided the best service they could. The housekeeping staff went out of their way to clean and arrange things appropriately We enjoyed our stay here!
4	I've stayed at Vdara before, but this is the first time I've actually booked a room there myself.This hotel is actually pretty good compared to most Vegas hotels. I normally stay at slightly-lower tier hotels like Paris or Flamingo, but for some reason during the weekend of Feb 16-18, rates here were cheaper than those hotels.Everyone here was friendly- from the valet and bell carrier outside, the woman (Amanda) at the front desk, the baggage carrier inside, to the room service- I had no problems or second-thoughts tipping them.The room itself was very nice. As their lowest tiered room (the Deluxe Suite), it is very nicely done with a kitchenette, queen-size sofa bed in addition to the king-size bed, and a nicely done bathroom, I was very pleased with everything about this room except one thing.The only problem I had with the room was the connectivity panel for the TV. My friends and I were trying to play music from our iPods through the speaker system on the TV via USB, but for some reason, the TV wasn't reading the iPod, even after having gone through the instruction on the TV on how to access the connectivity panel. We were also disappointed with the music system in the room. There was an alarm clock with and AUX attachment, but the sound quality was poor. I expected something better when other hotels offer sound systems with built-in iPod docks that sound better.I normally don't even bother with hotel amenities other than the pool, but this time I used the fitness center. Free for resort guests, their gym is actually pretty nice. The weightlifting area is pretty small with only two benches, but there were hardly any people there in the first place, except for this one guy. He gave me a weird feeling, and he would randomly sing parts of whatever song he was listening to on his headphones. I can't be too sure, but I think he was also giving me a look. Having had the weird feeling, I avoided eye contact altogether. All I could do was look at my friend who instantly knew what I was thinking.Overall, this hotel is great. The sound system was just something minor, but I had no problem with everything else.
4	It's hard to write a review for this place, because people come to Vegas for different things.  If you're coming to relax and stay at a nice hotel with friendly staff, this is the place for you.  There's NO CASINO at this hotel (great place for you to bring your gamble-holic spouses).  If I were a business that needed to send employees to Vegas, this would be the perfect spot.If you're coming to Vegas to "get crunk", hookup, or lose all your money at the tables, stay away from this place and check out it's neighbor, the Cosmo.Subtracted one star because the water pressure in the shower was horrible.
4	Since I'll be heading back to Vegas in a couple of months, I'm sure that my friends and I are going to heavily consider staying at Vdara once again.  As part of my annual trip back to Sin City, we got an extremely good deal for an Executive Corner Suite and it was well worth squeezing in all your friends.Vdara is a steal if you compare it to other luxury hotels on the Strip.  As deals are rampant in Vegas, we were fortunate to snag a deal that allowed us to comfortably pack nearly ten people in a room meant for say... five?  I can't say it was a tiny bit cramped, but from trial and error, these were some of the hi-lights:1. That sunshine breaking your hangover sleep at 6am?  With the flick of a switch, the curtains come down and you're back to snoozeland.2. Inviting your friends over for a party?  The service was splendid and were willing to provide us with extra plates and cups, so everyone can join in on King's Cup of course.3. The shower in the executive suite gave us unique shower parties with 3-4 people at one time.  We're on a tight schedule here, so sharing is caring.  Plus after living in Japan for a few years, showering around others does not pose an issue at all.4. Large pullout bed that actually turned out to be even softer than the real one?  Plus one for me!Because of the lack of casinos in the actual hotel, there isn't as much smoking around the hallways and lobbies, so it also makes a great place for children or those that rather not soak in the smell of tobacco.They also have a nice gym near the bottom.  Lots of weights available, along with cardio machines.  There's also lots of small water bottles available, so be sure to snag some for that friend that couldn't quite make it to the restroom last night.  Helping your body AND your friend.  What's not to like about that?Only real bad  thing I'd note about Vdara is the confusing driveway up to it and the Cosmopolitan.  I mean geez... whoever designed this needs to get backhanded.  Too many near accidents from it, and all of us are sober (as it should be... don't drink and drive kids!)Cheers Vdara for a good stay!
4	Came to this hotel for two days of business meetings with about 70 people total. The meeting room was perfect for a group our size. Snacks were provided during breaks that were always fresh and just right. Coffee and beverages were never lacking. Breakfast and lunch in the restaurant was really good considering it was buffet and the size of the group they had to cook for. Salmon, cooked just right and flavorful, Kobe beef tender and juicy.The rooms were modern chic, sort of a Euro look and decent size. Free WiFi. The best part of this hotel?? NO CASINO!!!! I loved not having to walk through slot machines to get to and from my room. If you want to gamble hop on the Aria Tram or walk across to the Aria which faces the Vdara. The Cosmopolitan is also close by.
5	I could not recommend a hotel more.  If I lived in a city this is the apartment I would want.  Compact, stylish kitchen dining room area which leads to a small sitting room.  On other side of sitting room is the clean and comfortable bedroom.  The bathroom is wonderful with a large soaking tub, separate shower and great design.  What makes this hotel even better however is that it has not Casino and is a non smoking hotel.  Next door to Aria and the Cosmopolitan you are in the heart of City Center.
5	I loved the Vdara. What I love most about this hotel is that it's a smoke free facility! There's nothing I hate more than the smell of cigarettes so thank you for protecting my pink lungs. It's definitely a sweet treat and a break from all the smoke I smell everywhere else.I forget the name of the suite that I stayed in but it was spacious and I was provided with nice views, kind of. Hmm, the front desk was attentive and they delivered per request. Aria and other hotels are conveniently just some hundred steps away if you want/need to fulfill your gambling needs. I know that the rooms are equipped with full kitchens and they will deliver you cooking utensils if needed so for those that want to stay in or cook ethnic foods that can't be found on the strip, you got lucky! It's so nice that they are willing to accommodate to that.The beds were super comfortable and I wish I could seriously live in one of the suites. Robes & slippers will be provided so make sure to take advantage of little luxuries and make yourself comfortable!I'd def love to stay here again.
5	I recently travelled to Las Vegas for a large convention that was held at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.   The Cosmopolitan is huge, busy and noisy, like most Vegas hotels, so I booked my room at the Vdara which is located right next door in City Center.  That was the best decision of the trip.  While I enjoyed the entire experience of Las Vegas it was wonderful to return to this lovely hotel at the end of the day.  The Vdara is an all suite, no gambling, no smoking hotel.  It is modern and serene, more like a NYC hotel than a Vegas hotel.  It also has a cool bar and great marketplace with fresh foods for dine in or take out in the lobby.  I did not eat at the hotel restaurant or go for spa services but their gym is very nice and well-equipped.  We booked a two room suite for two people which worked well and would be comfortable for up to four people. Not only did it have a very comfortable bedroom and living room with surprisingly comfortable pull out couch but it had a HUGE ultra modern bathroom with glass shower stall, soaking tub and double sink.  There was also a half bath and full kitchen equipped with stainless appliances, full size fridge, mini dishwasher and stove top. There was also a washer/dryer in the room.   The best part is the central location.  The Vdara is connected to the Aria and the Bellagio and a very short walk to the Cosmopolitan.  We actually had a shorter walk to the conference facilities at the Cosmopolitan than our friends who stayed at the Cosmopolitan because that hotel is so enormous.  I would definitely stay at this hotel again and recommend it to any friends who would like an oasis in the middle of the hustle and bustle of Las Vegas.
4	Vdara offered a decent price through a promotion on their website compared to other hotels on the strip. Despite not being on the strip, it only takes about two minutes to walk to Aria.The hotel does not have a casino and is smoke-free, which I appreciate since all my clothes won't need to soak up the smell. Our king deluxe suite is perfect for an overnight stay. The mini-fridge had space to store our "beverages." There is a kitchenette for those who want to cook while in Vegas (complimentary cookware and kitchenware through room service).My only complaint is the the soap dish in the shower is in a weird spot. I banged my elbow several times during showers. Also, when I called to ask on amenities, I asked if the hotel does anything special for those who are celebrating an anniversary. The representative stated yes and supposedly put notes in the system. Unfortunately nothing came out of it. I'm not a fan of false expectations.
5	Stayed here in Jan 2013 and it will be my new "go to" hotel in Las Vegas.  VERY close to Cosmo and Aria as well as Monte Carlo and Bellagio.  I was worried about where it is situated, but I shouldn't have been.  No smoking and no casino BUT you are right next door to Cosmo, Bellagio and Aria.  Literally less than 5 minute walk.  I love that I can play in Aria and Cosmo and escape the craziness (Cosmo is freaking insane) back to my quiet plush hotel.  Can't wait to go back.
5	How to I put this bluntly: I LOVED IT!First things first about the Vdara Hotel and Spa - (a) there's no smoking and (b) there's no gambling inside the establishment, gwhich is absolute bliss after frolicking throughout the rest of the city.  We stayed three days and two nights and because we had a few different rooms, we were able to see the variety that Vdara possesses.  Each room has an amazing view of the cityscape and the lovely ladies and gentlemen who work there are absolute dolls- helping us with each and every little question we had.The Vdara is perfectly placed near the other hotels in case you get the urge to gamble, club it up or soak up some Vegas sun.  I'll definitely be coming back here, en masse!
4	We stayed a couple of nights for my bday weekend. I really enjoyed staying here. If you are looking for an actual casino hotel this place wouldn't be the one. Pros1. No gambling, no smoking area! ( great for families w kids) 2. Comfortable bed 3. Modern style room4. Great location! Not too far from the strip5. Kitchen and decent size refrigerator. ConsI wish they had more varieties of restaurants. They had a coffee/ snack bar and a bar. I guess they did serve some food in the bar but the menu wasn't really special. I would definitely come here again and recommend this hotel to others
4	I really enjoyed my stay here.  The price is excellent for what you get.  The location is great - very convenient.  The air is "fresher" than the other hotels (I usually get nauseous inside cigarette smoke infested areas... not the case here!).  The room was very modern and roomy.  I liked the layout a lot.  Only complaint is that the cleaning crew forgot to empty the previous guests' leftovers and water bottles in the fridge.
2	The two star rating is specific to the hotel itself.  We'd like to call out that the spa should be considered on it's own merit and would receive a 5 out of 5.  Specifically Kelsey in the Salon section does a great haircut.Overall assessment: Vdara is the shell of a great hotel.  The design is outstanding - the touches of art and contemporary style are exactly what a great hotel on the strip should look like, but aside from that - all the "little things" about it that make a great experience were lacking.Let's start at the very beginning... when checking in the front desk employee named Francis said that he was upgrading our room (yay!) and informed us that the pool was closed, but we could use Aria's pool instead.  As it turned out, he gave us the exact room we booked, misinformed us about the pool (it was open and we were later told that there was no affiliation with Aria), and yet, our breakfast that came with the booking was to be redeemed at the Aria (what??)The room itself seemed smaller than described because a huge amount of sq footage was dedicated to a seemingly useless kitchen.  There is a kitchen, but no coffee maker.  Oh yeah, and then they charge you out the ass for a basic cup of coffee downstairs in the cafe (more than Starbucks!)  And to top it off, at one point, room service came up to drop off a box of Keurig k cups and when we pointed out we had no coffee maker they basically ran out of the room. The room was a king bed with a pull out couch.  The pull out couch was like sleeping on the coils and metal bars holding it together.  When we asked the front desk if there was another room with a better mattress (we were staying for four days and wanted to be comfortable, not too much to ask in my opinion) they said - we have nothing, but we can put 5 or 6 mattress pads on it and it will be okay.  OK is at best how I would describe it.  From a brand new hotel we expected some quality in the mattresses supplied in the bedrooms.  When the remote control stopped working in our room the front desk representative told me to pop out the back and make sure the batteries were in correctly then hung up.  Our biggest issue with VDARA was that every single person who worked there seemed miserable to be there.  They were not there to make the experience comfortable nor pleasurable and hospitality was not on their minds.  Housekeeping was rude, the front desk was misinformed and snippy and the concierge did not want to be there.  We had good experiences with the man who delivered the linens for the pull out couch, the pool attendants and room service.  Icing on the cake; if you wanted to stay at this god forsaken place for a late checkout they were going to charge you for it, whether you're flight was delayed or not; oh and there is a $25 per day resort fee that is charged at checkout though there is no restaurant or resort to speak of.  Aside from the Spa and hotel design Vdara promises a luxury experience and does not come remotely close to delivering.  NOT WORTH THE MONEY.
4	This is one of my favorite modern high tech hotels in Vegas.Unfortunately its pricey unless you get a special.NO guest free parking... only Valet meaning adding another hidden $30 to your bill.They get you one way or another (either a "resort" fee or parking fee or something).Beds is extremely comfortable, and air well circulated in a high tech environment.While this is not my cup of tea... like living as an exec in a high rise building (akin to living at the office).  I had a great time here.
5	A no casino hotel in the middle of the surrounding chaos? Yes, it exists and it is called the Vdara. The access by car can bit a bit confusing on the first couple of rounds but once you get used to the spaghetti of CityCenter it is not a problem. Tram service is available from the Bellagio to Crystals Shopping Center to the Monte Carlo. With the Bellagio and Aria a quick walk to either side of the Vdara.Staying at the Exclusive Resorts rooms we had a problem with a washing machine and when facilities was called to the room (very quickly in fact) I did not have much hope of a fix during our stay. To the contrary, the person who came not only found the solution to the issue we were having but also fixed other things that were wrong with the washer that we did not even notice. Wow! It is so rare to see anyone go the extra mile anymore and I consider this experience to go well beyond any expectation I could have imagined. Maybe we were lucky, but then again, maybe this is their standard. All I can say is keep up the outstanding work!
5	Stayed here a couple years ago and I can't wait to return.  This is my kind of hotel, it does not have a casino but is connected to the Bellagio.  Stay away from that place by the way if you value your money.  I loved being able to get away from the madness of the casinos and escape away to a beautiful hotel room.  Speaking of the room, its gorgeous, and its not just a room.  They are condo's, and I do believe the hotel offers residencies.  Its that amazing, the rooms have everything, bedroom, walk in shower that fits two, three, and more.  Unfortunately was not able to test the capacity on my first visit.  Kitchen and dining area, and I believe they offer pots and pans so you can cook your meals.  Amazing view from almost every room in the hotel as well.  This place was famous almost immediately after it was built.  I read about the "death ray", that's what the staff calls the effect of the reflection of the sun off off the hotel that beams down into the pool area. This ray becomes so hot that the metal on the chairs becomes hot to the touch.  I wanted no parts of that, and luckily I was not visiting during the summer, so there was no need to dodge the "death ray".  Great hotel, I dream and compare it every time I'm stuck checking into anything that's not the Vdara!
4	There's nothing wrong per day with Vdara...but once I went to the Belaggio and the Wynn I fell in love with that ambiance instead! The rooms at Vdara are nice but maid service is slow, the sinks take forever to drain and the water pressure in the showers could be a lot better. But overall it was a fine place to stay for the weekend!
5	Loved our panoramic suite! Great service, loved the fact that we could enjoy the Vegas casinos and then escape to our smoke free, casino free retreat! We will be back!
4	This was a really nice hotel for the price and you can't beat the location across the street from Aria. Although there is no casino on this property the Aria is right across the street and there are plenty of other venues within walking distance. We had a standard room and it was very spacious with a king size bed, sofa bed, writing desk, big bathroom and a kitchenette with table. Very spacious and comfortable room.We loved the marketplace downstairs in the lobby where you could grab a quick bite to eat or a bottle of Veuve Clicquot (and plenty of other libations) for an evening in your room admiring your amazing view.Enjoy!
1	The first thing I thought when I arrived at this hotel (besides it being far back from the strip) was that the hotel and my room looked nice.  That's about all I liked.  There are no amenities at this hotel.  No robes, blankets, extra pillows, sheets on the pull out, etc.  There was a sad tiny box in the bathroom sink that had three q-tips and cotton swabs.  That being said, because you had to call housekeeping for everything, you had to do a lot of tipping.  If you didn't want to tip for something that should already be in your room, then the staff would just stand awkwardly in your room until you did tip.  The bell service guy wanted a tip so badly that he told me three times that I wouldn't see him when I picked up my bags so am I sure I'm not forgetting anything.  Maybe I'm wrong, but I usually just tip the once when I retrieve my bags.  The front desk was nice when I checked in, but MIA when I needed anything else.  Would never answer the phone.My TV didn't work.They have a tram that goes from the Monte Carlo to the Bellagio, which makes it kind of convenient to get to your hotel from the strip. However it does close and then it's a two mile hike back to your hotel from Las Vegas Blvd.I would say save your money and stay at any other hotel that is the same price for the room.  You will end up spending more here with all the panhandlers (I mean staff) that you will have to tip.
5	A non smoking, no casino hotel ON the strip? omg, I'm in love, instantly!Vdara is a great boutique hotel. It's on the strip, in the CityCenter plaza. No smoking, no gambling.. PERFECT (for me). The decor doesn't scream Cosmo (trying too hard) and it's plenty lush, even for the cheapest "room" suite. All rooms are apartment style suites, like Cosmo & Aria. Hotel staff, housekeeping and bell service are all great, and the room rates are very affordable for the luxury you get. You can pay upwards to 2-3 times for Caesar's or Venetian and get crappy old small rooms with an old projector style TV, smelly AC if it functions at all, and tiny bathrooms. I got the VDara Suite for the weekend and it was freaking huge. It was pretty much a 1 bedroom apartment with a queen sofa bed (which I hear was very uncomfortable). The bed was VERY comfortable, down topped with very soft sheets, bath linens weren't the softest but they weren't rough either.. freestanding tub, two 42" wall mounted flat panel TV's, blah blah blah, you can read about it on their website. Bathrobes provided were very comfortable & soft, and the storage available is immense.. seriously, so much closet space. Quick thing, if you're needing a hair/blow dryer, it's in the main bathroom, under the sink.. the drawers don't have knobs or pulls, so just look carefully for a hidden drawer. Lol... We couldn't find ours until housekeeping showed us. I will definitely be staying here again on my future visits.
4	The Vdara is a nice place to stay in Vegas. Sometimes it is refreshing to stay where there is no casino or smoking or anything like that. The rooms are really nice and it is a great location right off the strip.
4	Casino/smoke free!Well pricedGreat location, right next door to the Cosmopolitan and AriaNice roomsDecent room serviceFree valet parkingOur first visit here we arrived late on a Friday night and we were upgrade to a penthouse 2-story suite!!!  We've stayed several times since and are always happy here.  W
2	Quick Tips! Quick Tips! Quick Tips! Quick Tips!1. No parking structure! There is complementary valet.2. You can park over at the Aria's structure, ride the tram over which connects to the Bellagio/Vdara and then check in! 3. There is NO casino and NO smoking!4. There is a bar as well as a small market/deli like area within the Vdara.5. Spa services on the second floor, pool on the third floor.The following events though have led me to believe that we either had a REALLY untypical stay at the Vdara or just really bad luck.When we got to the reception, there was no wait, which was very nice. A few people were checking in at the time, but there was a person available within a few minutes to help us. I smiled warmly at her and told her that my girlfriend and I were staying for our five year anniversary and we hoped she would help us make it extra special. We booked a corner suite to begin with because I didn't want to do the $20 tip trick, the price point was similar, and there was a guarantee that we would get a "nice" room. She immediately told us that she could upgrade us for $20 to a larger suite. And that the current suite we had was on a lower floor.This surprised me because at EVERY hotel on and off the strip, an upgrade is pretty much a freebie. They want you to have a great impression of the property, lose money, and pay for services, and then come back. I was displeased, but I didn't want to spoil our vacation mood, so I agreed to the upsell. My girlfriend booked the reservation and she handled most of the check in paperwork. She never told my girlfriend to put me down as an additional guest.Anyways, we were ready to start a relaxing hot soak in the tub and plan the rest of our evening. When we got into the room I was really disappointed about how technologically backward the room seemed to be. Every button seemed to have been pushed several thousand times and the lettering was gone, the shades control itself was buggy, and the lights were not automated. The bed sheets were really scratchy and were rough. The only really cool thing was the full stove, microwave, and fridge! However, shortly after that pleasant discovery, the real terrible stuff began to emerge.The tub had water still in it. Not sure if they just cleaned the tub, but there was lots of water in it. I opened a drawer next to the bed and found two dirty, black socks from a previous guest. Finding this prompted me to tell my girlfriend to search other cabinets for other items left behind by the guest. She opened up the dishwasher and discovered a terrible smell and to our dismay dirty plates and kitchenware. I called the front desk and complained and immediately, we were upgraded to a much larger suite and higher floor.I wished at that point I could say, our stay was amazing and we lived happily ever after. We got up to the floor and there was a strange chemical/mildew smell going on in the air. It was very unpleasant, but it didn't get into the room. The door handle looked like it may have been busted in by another guest who tried to get in the room forcibly during a previous stay. We walked into our room and the shades were down. The same faded lettering was on the controls. Once I raised the shades, the view was absolutely spectacular.The first thing we did was order turn down service, setting it for 6:00 PM for the rest of our stay. We got home that night and found out that the housekeeping lady wasn't aware that there were two guests. It turns out because my girlfriend didn't know and because the check in person didn't tell her that she should put me down as a guest, the housekeeper turned down only one side of the bed. It was late though and we were tired from our day, but I contacted the housekeeper the next day. I wanted to take a shower. The water came out hot and ready in seconds, but the showerhead was also busted and spewing water onto the tile outside the shower. After adjusting the head back in, it spewed a little less water. Anyways, after the shower the bedsheets like before were scratchy. In fact, I got a nasty rash from them and decided to sleep on the comforter instead.The next day, we came back around 7 PM and I expected turn down service to be nicely done and the room to be in better order. We arrived to a room that had not been serviced or turned down. We were sure to leave the room's privacy light off when we left that morning. We were disappointed, but thought they were busy and would come later. We left to go out for the night, and came back to a room that was still not turned down. To annoyed and tired, we went to sleep and complained the next day. Turns out the charges that were promised to be waived weren't. And in fact, the notation for the upgrade for $20 overall was incorrect. It was $40.At the end of things, we settled up with the manager who was the best part of our stay. I hope that my stay was not typical to the Vdara, and I  hope that you guys have a better experience.
5	At first I had booked the simple room at the bellagio hotel and casino, but then my friend was booking her's at Vdara because she said that you could get a suite for the same price as a room in the Bellagio. So i looked at it and I paid a little bit more to get a Panoramic suite at Vdara! When we walked in, everything went smoothly at check in and we went upstairs to the room. The moment we walked it, it was breathtakingly beautiful, especially the view at night! It had a long narrow hallway that led to the kitchen, which had a refrigerator (with filtered water tap and ice!), stove, and microwave along with a four seating dining area. Behind that we had a living room that had a huge plasma screen tv with a couch, that supposedly was a pull out bed but we never used that function. Next the the kitchen was a really nice bathroom with two sinks, closet, a glass standing shower, and spa like tub! The one weird part about the bathroom was that there was a little section for the toilet, but there was no door to the toilet so you would have to lock the door to the entire bathroom and the second door that lead to the bedroom. Opposite the bathroom was the bedroom, which also had a plasma tv and really comfy king sized bed! It was so comfy that we found ourselves having trouble getting out of bed to go exploring!Room service was pretty great, they would come in and set the table for you when you order a meal, no matter what it was. And they brought up flowers, which was really nice. My friend rented a car so there was free valet parking, which was pretty nice. The best thing about this hotel was discovered after we walked around the strip and walked through other hotels and their casinos. Vdara is SMOKE FREE! Coming from Chicago, I didn't realize that Las Vegas allowed people to smoke indoors. It was kind of horrifying to see that there were a decent amount of little children around and to allow smoking indoors at other casinos where they don't seem to have the best ventilation, I have to say I was thankful that I did not stay at any other hotel. I remember I was at the bellagio in the casino area for about 2 hours and my dress reeked of smoke! I was so disgusted I went back and took a shower right away at my nice hotel. Also my favorite part about the panoramic suite was waking up to an amazing sunrise, it was so beautiful. I was speechless.It also has a little market downstairs in the lobby with some desserts. The only thing we bought there was some vanilla yogurt soft serve, we did most of our shopping at the walgreens that was on the strip. It was really a great location because it was near some other really great hotels that you could do stuff at.
4	Clean hotel close to Aria and Cosmo. No gambling or smoking kind of like the signature. So close to everything and extremely friendly staff. Stayed in concierge suite w/great views of the strip. Will def go back.
3	Vdara is a mixed bag.  The rooms are fine, beds are comfy, and the fact that the rooms come equipped with a kitchenette is a plus.  You might ss well stock your own food because their market cafe where you buy small meals gets too busy, food is tasteless and service lacking.  It gives the impression of being a quick eats spot, but if you order any egg dishes, or even oatmeal, there is a 15-20 'minute wait, and that's after youve waited 15 minutes in line to place your order!  Since this and the pool are only place to get something to eat at this hotel, it's a problem.    Also, the pool has very tight seating and there is a time of day when, because of the reflection off the hotel, you can get scorched.  Literally. (see Vdara death ray on Google).  Finally, you cannot call for valet to bring your car around as they never answer the phone and once or twice the front desk was seemingly unavailable as well. Generally, Las Vegas hotels provide much better service than I found to exist at the Vdara.  But they did permit us to extend our checkout time for an hour which was very gracious. So, as I said, a mixed bag.
4	Stayed in the panoramic suite on the 33rd floor.The room: absolutely beautiful! The walk is a bit annoying and is at the end of the floor, but the view will be worth. You are greeted by a long hallway when you walk in.-The kitchen: nice big fridge, microwave, stove, and dishwasher. I think it's kind of pointless to have a kitchen without any plates, cups, or silverware...or papertowels. Make sure to bring your own-The bathroom: clear shower, tub, two sinks, closet and toilet in one room. -The bedroom: comfy king bed, a desk table and TV-The living room: another TV, a couch and a couple coffee tables. The couch is a pull-out but is extremely uncomfortable (your better off on the floor), and comes with no sheets.-The shades are electrically controlled and there are atleast four or five different controls on the wall that are confusing to find. Other things to keep in mind:-$25 resort fee that includes internet and the valet-only parking-the valet take forever so call ahead to get your car-make sure to always have your room key because you need it to get to the elevators-the hotel has no casino and is smoking free-the hotel is conveniently located next to aria, cosmo and the bellagio. ask the attendants how to get there cause it gets kinda confusing-& their pool is sucks.Overall, the vdara is nice but there is room for improvement.
5	I'd give it a 6 if I could, We booked the Vdara Suite, which has a bedroom, kitchen and living room. They upgraded us to an Executive Corner suite, sweet! The room had a KILLER view of the Bellagio fountain right from the room! WE could see so much cool stuff! the room overall was fantastic with a nice size bedroom, killer master bath, large living room, dining room and walk in kitchen. it also had a smaller 2nd half bathroom in the living room, great room! The hotel itself was also very nice. it was a non smoking, non gaming casino which made it perfect for our family! It was located right next to The Cosmopolitan and right across from Planet Hollywood and Aria so tons of good casinos right there. The pool area was great, as was the cafe downstairs. All in all, a great hotel. I'll stay there every time I'm in Vegas.
4	Vdara is one of the newest Hotel/Casinos on the strip.It has that whole modern/clean look, the designers here,also executed the remodel beautifully.It's pretty small and crammed between others though, so that its hard to figure out when you are in which Casino/Hotel.Not big enough to spend the entire day in but nice to stroll through and stop to have a drink/meal/gamble in a gorgeous atmosphere.
4	This is the only place I am willing to stay in Vegas. It is a clean, quiet refuge in Vegas. The rooms are large suites, with comfortable beds, plenty of room to stretch out or work, and a large tub to soak in. The common places feature attractive art, a low key soundtrack, and a better selection of guests than most properties. I don't understand why people bring kids to Vegas, but they do and this is the only place that I would consider family-friendly. The worst I can say about Vdara is that they don't trust you with the iron: it is chained to the ironing board and the iron holder is bolted to the most useful end of the ironing board. This is my second stay. And in both cases I wound up with a beat up, barely functional iron and had difficulty making my clothes loom as good as I needed them to. However, a few wrinkles are a small price to pay I. Order to enjoy a refuge from flashing lights, waddling drunken masses, and career criminals that you encounter everywhere else.
4	The hotel is non-smoking, non-gaming, and green. The hotel is back behind other hotels on the strip, which pretty much kills the strip views but gives you a buffer. Because of these features, this hotel draws a certain clientele that is non-smoking, possibly less interested in gaming, etc - you get the point. It feels more refined than the typical vegas joint. It's vegas without the part of vegas I don't like - no bachelorette girls and hard partying wannabees. (Yes, party if you wish but don't bring it back to the room next to me.) None of that at Vdara. We ventured out to other hotels to visit but always enjoyed coming back to our hotel where it was calm and smelled great - kind of a peachy-vanilla scent.The rooms are modern, clean, stylish, and quiet. An oasis away from the strip but close enough that you can participate if you so choose. I thought it was great but Vdara would be a mismatch for party animals and those bent on living the 'stays in vegas' dream.The only negative (assuming you are the Vdara-type as I am) was the sofa bed. It's got to be the worst sofa bed I've ever seen. Thin and completely uncomfortable. If you need more sleeping space, triple up in the real bed or get more rooms.Staff is all very nice - valet, desk, etc. Housekeeping staff is exceptional - very nice and helpful.
5	If you're heading off to vegas with a group of four or more, I highly recommend you stay at one of vdara's amazing suites! Located in city center next to the cosmopolitan and aria, vdara aims to please. We stayed in the corner hospitality suite about 50th floor with panoramic view of the strip. The windows covered the entire perimeter of the suite into every room. We had 2 bedrooms with kings, sleeper sofa, 2.5 baths with stand up shower and jacuzz tubs, full kitchen, and flat screens. The place was amazing. This was the way to do vegas right and we loved that we could all stay together versus renting two rooms. The room service was great. So good we ordered in twice. Butler would come and set up entire table for us. The attention to detail was outstanding. Downstairs, the vdara market is great for picking up bottles of champagne, food, and coffee. The best caramel machiattos.The pool area was nice but mostly filled with families. Nice relaxing vibe if you want to get away from all the pool party rucuss. But if you do want party, the marquee is right next door in the cosmopolitan.Amazing stay! The suite was magical. I will definitely repeat my stay here.
5	Normally I stay at Bellagio when I am in Vegas.  But I want something different so I booked here.  There was a short line at check in and I got my room key in no time.  The whole place is very hip and chic.  Outside the room, there's a button that functions like a door bell.  Your room number is on a light up plaque so it helps a lot if you, ahem, get back late at night and had a tiny drink at the club.  I am very pleasantly surprised with the room itself.  It has a small kitchen, a small resting place with sofa and plasma TV.  Then you have the bed with its own TV also.  The bathroom is very modern as expected.  Overall, one of my favorite rooms in Vegas.The only minor thing for me is I don't see a self park here.  They only have a valet parking.  Maybe because there's no casino here?It is a short walk over to Aria and to the main strip.
3	In January I was in Vegas and a friend was staying at the Vdara.  I liked the modern look of the spacious room and their view of the Bellagio fountains so I suggested that my friends and I stay there on our April trip.  Ugh... not worth over $200 a night.  First, through a reservation error, we didn't get a fountain view.  They were booked so we couldn't change and ended up with only a view of the parking garage and delivery trucks.  Gross.  Then, we were charged a $25 resort fee... which would have been fine if the amenities that were included in the charge were nice.  But they weren't.  The internet that's 'included' didn't work with our cell phones, only the laptops... slowly. If the pool would have been a nice one, that would have been cool... but it's not.  And, the 2 'complimentary' waters are about 4oz bottles... if that.  That's almost insulting and definitely laughable since you're in the desert.   So much for a 'resort fee'.  They don't even provide dryers in the bathroom.  The rooms look nice but there is nothing open 24 hours so if you get in late, you have to walk over to Aria for food/water/etc.  Also, when we tried to call down for Valet they apparently didn't feel like taking call downs.  Not a crisis but just an inconvenience when you're in a hurry to get to a show and thought you could have your car waiting for you.  These things I didn't realize when I was a brief visitor at my friend's room.  I only saw the nice room, bathroom and kitchenette.  Needless to say, there are so many other options in Vegas, I won't be back.  Won't see ya there.
4	A short walk to cosmopolitan and just a short walk past the valet to Aria is Vdara!  It is an excellent hotel.  Our room had a mini-living room and bedroom.  It was separated by a wall that had an LCD TV on each side.  We had a little kitchen but we didn't use it.  There were no issues with noise.  The bathroom was big and clean.We had an excellent view of Las Vegas.  We could see the Bellagio fountains from our room.  If you bring a car, you will have to valet it.  The self-parking is pretty far away.  The valet is complimentary for guests -- just gotta tip.Once you exit the hotel, you can walk to the tram which will bring you around CityCenter.  You can also exit the hotel and walk to the Vegas Strip.FYI There is a resort fee that needs to be paid daily!
4	I was upgraded to the penthouse so that made me happy. the view was amazing
4	For my last Vegas trip I decided to stay at a cheaper place than my first trip. For my first trip, I stayed at Cosmo. I was really impressed with Vdara. The check in line was a lot shorter than Cosmo, which was good because I really wanted to get into my hotel room because I needed to nap after a long day of drinking haha. There's no casino here. I'm not too sure if I like that so much because I'm a huge slot machine fan! We got the Vdara suite. It was awesome! The king size bed felt so good to sleep on! The pull out bed however was horrible. You might as well sleep on the floor. I think that pull out bed is way too old and they really need to replace it. My group had two rooms and both the pull out couches were bad. Trust me, you might as well sleep on the floor. The bathroom was probably my favorite! It has a tub!! It became very useful after a night of clubbing. We would come back and turn it on and soak our feet in it while eating our left over Earls sandwiches. Yup this is what I called living the life haha jk. Another thing I really liked about Vdara is that there's absolutely no line for the taxi! When I stayed at Cosmo, the taxi line was ridiculously long! But Vdara is a lot different, I only waited 5 minute max for a taxi line.I would definitely stay at Vdara again. I think it's worth the money and it's super close to Cosmo, Aria, and Planet Hollywood. What more do you need besides Earls and Fat Tuesdays when you're in Vegas? Haha.
3	If I could give 2.5 stars I would.The devil is in the details!! Vdara is nice enough but what you get for what you pay for isn't really worth it.Pros: nice furnishings in room, liked the little grocery store in the lobby, pool was nice (a little small) cabanas are reasonable priced (250 for the day), non smoking, easy to get a cab.Cons: had to call down all three days to ask for water, coffee, sugars/creamers..at least one was missing from the room every day. Towels sucked. We put down a credit card at check in $25/day resort fee and $100 deposit. We went to the pool and got a few drinks and they said that we were not set up for room charges. I called the front desk to ask what the problem was...b/c be put down a card. And they said we had to hold another $200 to do room charges...embarrassing and a pain in the a$$. Finally, and no fault of the hotel was the fact that there was not a casino, restaurants, and shopping at the hotel. I knew this before making the reservation and didn't think it would bother me...but it did. I like having places to grab a quick bite or hit the casino after dinner or a show. Next time I will spend a little more each night and stay at Encore!
5	This isn't 100% my favorite hotel.  I'll go ahead and spoil it, the Cosmopolitan is my favorite.  But there's a reason I give this place 5 stars:  value.  Everytime I look for a hotel for value reasons, the Vdara is always around $90-100 a night.  To me, for the quality of the hotel, it's worth it.Now before you book, you have to remember a few things.  This is a NON CASINO hotel.  The Aria is right across the street if you want to gamble and the Bellagio is also connected.  Because of the smaller foot traffic, there's also no club and no fancy  restaurant.  There's just a lounge and a cafe, spa, gym, and pool.  So if you're looking for a resort that has all of that, this is NOT the place.  As mentioned in other reviews, the restaurant here, Silk Road, is closed and is now a meeting space.  Not too terribly surprised since this hotel is somewhat out of the way for the Strip but that's what I wanted when I booked this place.The rooms are insanely huge for what you get.  It's I believe just over 600 sq ft (that's almost as big as my first 1bdr apartment) and has a full kitchen and two mini fridges...one stocked with your usual overpriced hotel snacks and the other empty.  You enter in the kitchen and then get into the bedroom itself, which is quite large.  It has a table for 2, a couch with a coffee table, plenty of foot room, and a nice king size bed.  The bathroom itself isn't too bad either, although it seems somewhat narrow.  Still, it's all super fancy.I'm extremely simple when it comes to my needs so this hotel just blew my mind.  At the rate I paid, I think I got a very good deal for what I wanted.  I specifically wanted a non-casino, fancy, modern hotel that's quiet and I got it at a good price.  The ONLY negative I can think of is that if you self park, you have to park in the Aria garage and hoof it all the way from there to the Vdara.  So if you plan on self-parking, do yourself a favor and just valet.
5	This hotel was by far the nicest, most price worthy place on the strip! When I pulled up they had complementary valet parking and took my bags right out of my hands so I didn't have to lift a finger. They were welcoming and all the employees seemed to genuinely want to help. The quality of the room and it's amenities was absolutely fabulous and the receptionist was always more than helpful! Everyone looked professional. It was not trashy or crowded by drunks at all! The market cafe breakfast was perfect, convenient, and well priced! The fact that the hotel requires a room key to get to the elevators was very comforting since we all know some people in Vegas can get weird. I went with 4 other girls, all of which felt the same way about the service and appearance of the hotel. The view was fabulous to top it off too ( we were on a corner unit). The pool was spacious and had plenty of chairs to accommodate people tanning and hanging out. Next time I go to Vegas, there's no doubt I will be booking my room at the Vdara!
5	I love this hotel.  Stayed here this past weekend for a nice weekend getaway post birthday trip and was not disappointed.  I had heard mixed reviews because "it's so far from the strip" but when I arrived I was so impressed.First thing's first: NO CASINO - which means no BS when trying to find the check out counter and the elevator.  The last thing you wanna do after a drunken night or even a long day is try and navigate your way through a casinoSecondly: there's a nice walkway to The Bellagio (where we ate dinner and watched a show) and a nice path to Aria..Third: The bed was a BED OF CLOUDS. Loved it.  It took me and the bf both down for afternoon napsFourth: A relaxing and calm vibe.  Nothing crazy or out of controlThe pool was awesome.  We were able to find pool chairs right away (we went at 10:30) and the vibe is just really chill.  I do wish they played louder music but that's the low key party animal in me.  The service at the pool left much to be desired...there weren't enough cocktail waitresses and the drinks took a while - but we just went to the bar.  Food at the pool was so yummy.  Chicken tenders...totally hit the spot.The resort fee is a little steep...okay WAY steep...you get wi-fi and 2 little bottles of water...they couldn't just throw in a regular sized bottle?Housekeeping was nice.  They folded our clothes we left awry and arranged the bathroom...they did not provide extra shampoos and conditioner..most hotels just leave you another set...which isn't really a complaint..just an observation.Overall, I'm definitely staying here again and recommending this place to friends. You never really have to leave City Center for all of your needs.
5	First time staying at Vdara, and I must say, I was blown away! Vdara is definitely one of the top "secret" and highly underrated hotels here in Vegas. More reason to give five stars, in my book. Here are the perks of Vdara: -Vdara signature scent. Okay I totally made that up, but in all seriousness, the second you walk into Vdara, you are enveloped with this light but assertive aroma. It's like walking into Abercrombie...but much more pleasant, less intoxicating, and not at all juvenile. Something you can live with and potentially be addicted to. Is it a drug? Wouldn't be surprised. A spray of some sort? Maybe. Either way, I love it I love it I love it. -Technology. Maybe I'm completely behind the times, but I was rather impressed with automatic shades, one switch turning off all lights, not one but two flat screen TV's, and convenient TV check-out. Felt like an episode of Real World: Las Vegas. Wait, that's still on MTV, right, or does that totally date me? -Bathtub. Like a scene out of a movie when the female protagonists are soaking in a luxe tub after a long day, Vdara's bathtub is a totally deep, elegantly pristine, white resin bathtub. Looked amazing, too bad I didn't get to try it out. -Spacious. Vdara is under Aria management; sitting right adjacent to the Aria hotel, Vdara houses the suites and kitchenettes, as opposed to regular hotel rooms at the Aria.  We got a kitchenette suite with a queen bed for four girls. Pretty sure we could have fit at least 15 girls in there. Not questionable or illegal at all. What I mean to say is that it was insanely spacious for a suite with just one bed. Wow. -Sanctuary. Vdara is smoke-free, casino-free, restaurant-free, and essentially crazy-free, so if you're looking for a quiet getaway amidst the raging craziness that is Vegas, stay here. I highly suggest it. With just a 1-2 minute walk to Aria, you can get your dose of pools, buffets, nightclubs, and casinos AND retreat to your quiet abode after a crazy night. -Free WIFI. But I must note that the WIFI does feel incredibly laggy and slow. But I am all for free WIFI, and some WIFI is still better than no WIFI, so can't really complain. Notes: -Go through HotWire, unless you're up to pay upwards to $400-600+ per night for a room. -Resort fees are pretty pricey here at $50 a night. No going around this though.-Valet for hotel guests is free. Just make sure to give your driver a few bucks tip.
4	Went on a spring break trip with my boyfriend and his friends. The Vdara  is an awesome hotel. Pros: No casinos, lovely staff, and the rooms are pretty nice. We had a view where we can see the Bellagio fountains. This is a quiet place where you can relax and sleep in with no drunk people waking you up. The kitchen was nice and I was able to store drinks into the fridge.Cons: The shower pressure in the bathroom sucks and I didn't enjoy it very much because the water temperature changes from freezing cold to boiling hot water. Getting out of the hotel to walk onto the strip was difficult because we almost got ran over a few times. The shower products are mediocre so I bought my own toiletries. Overall, I would stay at the Vdara again if they change the shower pressure and fix the water temperature control.
5	Love this place.  Smoke free and casino free.  The room was sooo nice.  Kitchen and dining room.  Closet washer and dryer.  Small living room with flat screen tv.  Nice spacious bathroom.  Very comfy bed!  Bedroom also had a flat screen tv and room for a small desk.  All around auto shades!  Loved the spa!  Such nice and friendly people.  Pool side was awesome too.  Liked being away from the strip for a change.  Totally walkable so it's not bad at all.  Nice that Cosmo was just next door and a bit farther down was Planet Hollywood.
4	Great hotel. Had a suite on the 52nd floor. Have an amazing view to one side of the strip from my windows, open the door to the hallway and see the other half of the strip. Suite is really big. More usable space than the Aria. Washer/dryer, full kitchen with stove top, microwave, refrigerator, etc.  love this room.AMAZING for photographers. I could shoot here for a month and still not explore everything.Arrived at 9:20am and was told I had to come back at 10am to pre-check in. You can't just put me in the system now? That was weird
4	Second time in Vegas, first time at Vdara. The hotel is absolutely gorgeous. No gimmicks like most of the strip, just clean lines and polished steel. Pretty modern but not in a cheap way like ikea.We got to the hotel around 4:30 PM and after a long flight we just wanted to check in and take a nap. The front desk was very speedy and got us in and out in just a few minutes. One disappointing thing was the 100 dollar a night debit card hold, you can avoid this by using a credit card. It wasn't a big deal but maybe they should put this on their website.We were debating between Vdara and Bellagio. We wanted a fountain view but didn't want to pay the Bellagio price. The fountain view rooms at Vdara are pretty slick. They give you half a view of the beautiful mountains and the other side gives you a view of the fountains. Although I don't know the fountain view justifies the extra money, it was better than staring at the parking garage on the other side of the hotel. Some people say this hotel is the perfect distance from the strip and others say it is quite a walk. To actually get on the strip from the lobby of Vdara might take a 10 to 15 minute walk. You can do this by walking through the tunnel that connects the hotel to the Bellagio or you can walk outside and through Aria's casino or Crystals Mall. Their is a tram that connects Aria, Vdara, and Bellagio. I didn't use it but I guess that's another option. Vdara does not have a casino at all. So that means no smoking. And if you have stayed in any other pro-smoking hotels in Vegas you know that you can't escape the smoke. It's nice not getting black lung while I sleep. Anytime we wanted to gamble we walked to Aria, a 5 minute walk from Vdara. It's important to note that this isn't a party hotel per say. You can make your own little party but it isn't like some other Vegas hotels that are a constant rave. Overall:It was clean and comfortable. The fountain view is cool, but questionable about the price. No smoking. Short walk to the strip, but not on the strip. Don't expect any discounts at the Aria buffet, I didn't expect any but I sure tried.
4	This is a modern style hotel w/no casino.  You are just steps away from the Cosmopolitan and Aria, so gambling is made easy.  I've been to vegas TONS of times, so being able to stay somewhere where I don't have to walk through a smoke-filled casino was a great change.We had a suite--really big, full kitchen w/microwave, stove top, frige, sink, table w/4 chairs, fold-out sofa, two tvs in the room, and a huge bathroom.  The window goes along the whole side of the room, and we had a great view of the Bellagio water show.Anytime we needed something, the staff brought it up.  We had a cake that needed to be refrigerated (it didn't fit in our room frige), so the staff came up and got the cake & also delivered it to our room when I asked.  I would stay here again.
4	Wow! The reviews here are pretty spot on.  This is more like a 4.5 star review. This place is very nice if you are looking for a classy hotel without the Vegas feel (I mean that in a good way). You get to party in Vegas and then come to a hotel that is smoke-free and slot-machine free.I stayed here in December with the hubby and we were both pleased.  We booked a regular Deluxe Suite but were upgraded to a City View Suite.. SWEET!  We got the views of the mountains and it was perfect as we love nature. When we stepped out of our room we got to see the famous Bellagio Fountains from the lobby. I don't need to see the fountains from my room so this room was perfect. So why do I not give the perfect score? 1/2 star deducted because although they have dishwasher, dryer/washer they do not include detergent or the likes.  We called housekeeping and then personally went to the lobby to get plates, soap etc. Another 1/2 star deducted because the "free" upgrade came with an additional $15/per night surcharge in addition to the resort fee. I don't mind paying it if I know in advance I will be charged.Tip: Try to avoid the cafe in the lobby as it is WAY OVERPRICED!! I live in NYC and I still found the prices for their food ree-deek-u-lus! Shop at Walgreens on the Strip and save yourself a few bucks. Use that $$ to gamble.
2	I just checked in for a conference next door @ the Aria. I chose to stay at the Vdara since it was a non-gaming hotel. Actually the hotel is beautiful....staying up on the 45th floor. When traveling, I require reasonable Internet performance allowing me to accomplish my work through different unified  communications modes (e.g. Skype, Cisco Jabber, Virtual Desktop, etc...) When I checked in, I paid a $20-25 per day use fee for certain amenities to include WiFi or direct connection. When I logged in, to call home via Skype, my connection was pixelated and choppy and it finally locked up. I was having flashbacks to the old dial-up days. I complained to the front desk and they referred me to Internet support. They also discounted my first day for the trouble. I am here for a week....in work mode. I called the Internet support folks and they had me run Speedtest.net to get a measurement. It was rated as a letter grade of "F" comparing to other hotels in the area. The technician advised that this speed was normal and was not surprised. I am now told if I pay and "additional fee", they can give me faster service. I am very surprised at all this. We are in the middle of the year of 2013. Wow... See URL below:http://www.speedtest.net/result/2701696789.png**UPDATE**Dining experience in the Vdara "Market Cafe" quickly went awry when my wife and daughter ate breakfast on 16 May 2013. This horrible customer experience was caused by what appeared to be a mop string embedded in my daughter's eggs. It seemed to take an eternity to resolve by staff with my wife's and daughter's insistence that this was not normal. They were given a $50.00 gift certificate to buy more Vdara "FOOD" and a bowl (about the size of a dessert dish) of fruit I wouldn't give to a monkey. As "consolation", the food service manager told us the string was actually used to tie off sausage......whatever... See pictures @ http://www.flickr.com/photos/hdryder/sets/72157634025082695/
4	Stayed here for my Bday. It is my kind of spot!Pros:-non smoking-gym/spa was newer and well kept-our room was a full on suite with a lovely large bath tub-complementary water-centrally located-digging the decor! :)-proper concierge is a plus!-free Wi-FiCons:-have to walk through Cosmopolitan to get to Vdara most of the time (not really a Con per se ... but after having a bit too much of adult bevies, and swear you are done for the evenin' or mornin' and Cosmopolitan does have lounges with lovely drinks ... let's face it ... I had a bit of a challenging time getting back to our suite! *hahaha*)-Resort Fee was not included! *boo*Verdict:Will stay again, and will recommend to fellow non smoker and non gambler, especially! :)
5	Walked in the hotel, it's definitely a NICE change to be able to walk into a vegas hotel that doesn't have casinos, free of old people cologne, cigarette stench and drunk college kids shouting on top of their lungs. It was a whiff of fresh air quite literally. I'm normally not a fan of dark interiors but even though the place had dark tilings with touches of orange and white, the place felt airy. It had that sophisticated feel to it. I walked in and I felt instantly relaxed (well it was a long drive coming from a 13-hour shift so...)We had a full suite, we were greeted with chocolates and truffles when we got settled in the room.. It was a sweet start.. lol. 1 bedroom 1 1/2 bathroom a full kitchen, washer & dryer and a litle office space with the strip as a view. if I had an apartment I would want it to look this way.. The format was contemporary mixed with finess. 2 of my favorite combinations. Not gonna lie but I think we had way too much fun playing with the blinds and buttons in the room our first hour.The bed itself is soft and comfty, rest assured that you will have a goodnight's sleep (if you plan to sleep anyway) the main bathroom was very spacious,  double sinks shower enclosed with glass doors and the tub that had a view.. It's a nice way to end the night. I was ecstatic ( I love nice bathrooms) the guest bathroom was decently sized and can cater to your "basic needs"Turndown service was a plus it was nice coming back to the hotel with the pillows fluffed linens ready for one to retire the day.The only thing about the place though is it is quite a walk from the strip so if you're planning to club and have drinks, be ready to take off your stilettos for the walk back.It's my type of place, however it might not be yours.
4	Beautiful hotel!  It was odd to find a kitchenette with a microwave, sink, refrigerator and cooktop but it has come in handy.  It is VERY confusing when you drive in if you are looking for self parking.    After 3 times around, I finally gave up and valet parked my car.
5	Incredible! From valet to check in, the service was 5 star. I was in a rush to fax a business contract to a client by a certain time and Kyle at the front desk stepped in and made sure it was taken care of timely. My girlfriend and I spent the day at the pool and the staff was very helpful in making sure we had everything we needed to enjoy the day. We booked spa appt's for our husbands and we didn't hear from them for hours once they stepped foot in the Vdara spa. They were very impressed with every detail from the space itself to all the attentive guest details. In the sauna the staff brought them cold towels and would sprinkle powder on their feet as they were exiting. The massage beds apparently were unlike anything they have ever layed on while getting a massage and the massage itself they rated as the best they ever had. We loved not having to walk through a casino to enjoy a cocktail and with having the Cosmo just feet away, it was perfect for when we wanted to gamble or get something sweet at the pasty shop. We had a wonderful trip. It was very simple and will always book Vdara as our #1 choice for a hotel in Las Vegas.
5	I absolutely LOVED staying at the Vdara, and will absolutely be back.  First off... if you're a smoker or a gambler, this may not be your thing, but for someone like me who doesn't smoke and really couldn't care less about being in a casino... this was AWESOME.  We arrived in Vegas at about 10am on a Wednesday and right from the time we arrived in the hotel lobby, things went really, really well.  The person who was helping us with checking in was very friendly, chatty and very personable.  And, she  arranged to get us upgraded to a room that was one level above what we had booked, but because it was so early in the morning our room wasn't ready yet.  No worries - off to the pool!  When the room was eventually ready, we were duly impressed.  On the 51st floor and overlooking the Bellagio fountain with a super comfy bed and TVs on both the bed side as well as the living room side of the room... it was perfect.  There were only 2 very minor complaints about the room: one - that the water pressure coming out of the shower was pretty lame (though this was made up for by the fact that the water was HOT within seconds of turning it on); and two - that there weren't robes already provided in the room.  Minor, I know - but I'm a girl who likes to relax in a robe and slippers, and quite frankly, every other hotel I've stayed at on the strip in Vegas has just provided them in the room already.  Not a big deal as you can call down to housekeeping and have some brought up for you, but when you're fresh out of the shower and just want a soft, comfy robe to put on you want it already there in the room.  First world problems.  Other REALLY good things about this place were the concierge service people.  They seriously rocked.  Not only did they get our Cirque Du Soleil tickets printed for us and have them ready, but also made a reservation for us at a steak restaurant in a competing hotel that had NO reservations available when we tried to book earlier in the night.  Wifi was free in the rooms, and I was able to pick up signal in both the pool and lobby areas by just logging on with our last name and room number.  I also loved the pool area - there were tons of lounge chairs, umbrellas to put up when it got stupid hot in the sun, and the waitresses were always happy to bring drinks.   The mojitos were fabulous!!  In short - I was sad to leave.  I would have stayed for another few days if only I had that much vacation time to take, but alas, as of Saturday night it was back to reality.  Thanks to the staff at Vdara - we'll definitely be back!
4	Popped out to the desert last weekend for a quick 30-hour turnaround visit with some friends. Nice way to hit Vegas hard and leave before it hits you back...This was my first visit to Vdara, and I left largely impressed. Very nice, new hotel in a convenient location that enables you to walk to a lot of places. That's good because when you stay here, you will need to walk to a lot of places. On the plus side: No casino - means you skip long walks from the reception to the elevator towers.Great rooms - had a regular suite, which rocked...two tvs, mini-kitchen, sitting area, bedroom, big bathroom. My suite had a great view of the Bellagio fountain, which I would recommend requesting versus the view of the pool.On the minus side:Very limited food choices on-site. Expect to go off-campus for anything more than snacks or a simple lunch. We did eat one meal at the pool-side cafe, which was good, but it's tough to mess up a breakfast burrito. Good news is you can walk next door to either Cosmopolitan, Bellagio or Aria and be surrounded with great restaurants. Very easy to get to these other locales. Small pool. For a hotel of this size, the pool is small. We were still able to find seats at the pool at 10am on a Saturday, which as most of you know is next to impossible at the party hotels. That being said, the reason we were able to find seats is this is NOT a party pool. Good crowd, not too old, not too many kids, but not a party pool.  But the pool is functional and you can get some good sun and chill. The "death ray." This is not fantasy. There really is a death ray at the pool. Seriously, for about a 30-minute period sometime between 1pm and 2pm when the sun reflects just right off the glass walls of the hotel, it's like a laser burning you. We saw heat waves off the umbrellas and heard them literally sizzling. However, it only lasts a short while and the pool has rules about the sun umbrellas needing to be up until after 2pm. So don't worry about it and stay under the umbrellas, unless you want to be the next rotisserie chicken...All in all, I think Vdara is perhaps one of the best values on the strip for location, newness, and the rooms. Fantastic rooms. Just plan your pool parties and meals accordingly and you'll have a great time.
3	Pros: Still relatively new and in good shape. All suite rooms. Modern design. Feels upscale (but just feels that way, more to come on that point). Great location on the Strip. Easy to get to Bellagio and Aria. Nice bathrooms. Nice flat screens.Cons: Feels like the majority of the furniture in the room is made of Ikea. The rooms are very dark at night - not much strong or useful lighting in the rooms. No restaurant on site. There's a small deli counter, but if you want a real meal, you're probably going to find yourself at Aria. Customer service was lacking big time. Check-in desk was friendly, but nothing exceptional or especially welcoming or helpful. Valet were not very friendly or attentive. Not once did anyone open the front door for me, whether I had luggage in my hand or not. A few times there was an employee just standing there watching me struggle with the items in my hand and while trying to open the door. Thought this was a clear representation of their service: physically there, but not helpful. Had multiple issues with service and different people throughout my stay. Will I go back? It's going to have to be the right circumstances with an exceptional offer. If I had to choose, I'd rather spend the extra money and go somewhere with really great service and higher quality rooms. Overall, I think it's a nice hotel, but definitely not the luxury class that it's presented to be.
4	Pros:Clean, modern, great views.Non smoking so it smells clean.Check in and out were fast.Super close to Aria and mid-strip, this is big.Cons:Feels like a regular hotel, not a "Vegas" experience that other hotels like MGM or Bellagio have with their grand sculptures etc.Limited options for food, need to walk to Aria (which is not far though!)Hard to find if you are driving, a bigger sign would be a plus.I know it's pretty standard now but I'm still getting used to that resort fee.Asking for bedding for the pull out couch and for dishware ahead of time is good advice that someone else noted.
4	For a hotel in Vegas that doesn't have a casino it's in the right spot, you can go down to the lobby and walk a few minutes to the left or right & be in the casino for the Cosmo or Aria.The rooms are pretty nice & come with a mini fridge, sink, microwave, & electric stove.The pool is ok if you're just here to relax and not so much, but next door at the Aria they have a large pool area & a party pool like the MGM.The Vdara is a nice low key hotel without all the wildness of Vegas, but if you do get the urge to party it's only a few steps away.
2	Very disappointed. I booked a panoramic suite early march for this Memorial Day weekend. This hotel must have forgotten the meaning of 'panoramic'. Our room is on the 9th floor, with a 'panoramic' view of the access road and the concrete wall. I won't bother next time.The second star is because the room itself is nice, but just not what was promised when we reserved.
5	This hotel is great if you are looking to get away from the madness of Las Vegas. I would recommend it for couples, family's, and elderly people. It is very modern and clean. Rooms are spacious and have huge bathrooms. The location is great also. It is in between the aria, the Cosmo, and the Bellagio. If you can get a room with a view of the Bellagio fountains I found it nice to look at. The pool is very small compared to other hotels in vegas. Also there is not much in the lobby. There is a bar and a caffe which both are grossly over priced. Check in was very easy and they let us check in around 9 am which was great.  The hotel has it's own smell and you can buy vdara air fresheners in the spa. I went with my girlfriend so this place was great for us, but I would not recommend having a bachelor party here.
4	Came here for Memorial Day Weekend and had a great experience!Pros:- Clean (no casino = no smoke) and smells nice when you walk in- Service was excellent, easy check-in and check-out process- Quiet but close enough to party scenes like Cosmo, PH, Aria, etc; didn't hear any of my neighbors or anything, felt like we were the only people on the entire 16th floor even though we definitely saw plenty of other guests - Spacious suite (the Vdara Suite has 1.5 bathrooms, his and her sinks in the main bathroom, 1 sink in the outside bathroom, a bedroom, living room, kitchen, bathtub, shower, microwave, laundry machines, mini fridge, full sized fridge, stove, coffee machine, ice maker, tons of mirrors, good lighting, soaps, dental kits, and much more)- Decent price for the size and location- Room service is quick - Elevators are fast- Health and beauty center available, as well as a pool and lounge (although I didn't get a chance to use either)- Fast wifi is included- Pretty decent view of the pool and buildings Cons:- Slightly further away from the strip unless you know how to maneuver around Vegas and can cut through cosmo, aria, and bellagio- Only valet parking available so if you wanna self-park, it's pretty much impossible and impractical - They check for a key card heading up the elevators so don't forget to bring your cardWould definitely stay here again!
4	We decided to try this place for Memorial Day weekend.  Check in was smooth, efficient.  A really nice clerk gave us a view room overlooking the Bellagio fountains.  The room is tastefully done, the panoramic view was made way cooler with the high-tech electric blinds.  The elevators were really quick, the pool area got to be a little crowded, but not uncomfortably so....really more of an intimate feel than crowded.  The $28/day resort fee is ridiculous (minus one star)....especially for no in-room coffee maker!  Oh, and no alarm clock either....weird.  All in all, it was a great weekend, and I would definitely consider high on the list of booking another visit.
5	I loved this place so much! I loved being on the strip, but in a hotel that was no smoking and no casino. Go out to the party, and come back to peace and quiet. When we checked in, the guy at the front desk was friendly and personable and I am pretty sure hooked us up with a better room than we had paid for. We had a great view of the fountains, the suite itself was VERY nice!The only downsides I could mention is being charged a resort fee and the weird security where you had to constantly show your room key to security in the evening to access the elevators. Otherwise- great place!
1	The Vdara valet damaged my friend's car, and they were not helpful at all. They didn't try to resolve the issue, and only did their best to fight against us. The customer service really needs a huge improvement before I would consider staying here again.
5	Great hotel. Nice staff.I had the opportunity to use their online concierge system. It was very easy to setup deliveries before arriving at the hotel. The flowers and appetizers were waiting in the room when we arrived.There were a lot of cabinets and storage spaces. In general, it was well designed and everything seemed to be where you wanted it and expected to find it.This is a small issue, but for a luxury hotel I did expect more "luxurious" towels. They lacked a lot of "fluff" as if they were well used...clean but well used.It is a very tall hotel so I was concerned that there would be a lot of time spent waiting for the elevators. This was never the case. They usually arrived pretty quickly, not only in the lobby but on your floor. Be aware, if you do have a room on one of the higher floors, the elevator can get you. It goes fast, and sometimes your ears may actually pop.I really liked that it didn't have a casino. As a result, the hotel was missing all of the related casino traffic. But even if casinos are your thing, it is a quick walk to the other casinos.Overall, a really great experience.
4	Great location in that you can get in and out without waking 25 steps from the elevator. Never a wait for an elevator which is a pet peeve of mine at the mega hotels  in the area.  Excellent semi-hidden walkway to the Bellagio without going all the way to the Strip.  Low Key and sleek
4	There's a lot I like about this hotel.  Every room is a suite with at least a kitchenette--yay!  There's a deep tub to comfort my aching toes that have been in 3-4 inch heels all night--yay!  Our room was not only spacious and comfortable, we got an awesome view of the Bellagio fountains so we could enjoy the show from our hotel room--YAY!  I loved that it was a bit quieter and non-smoking as well.The are two considerable cons in my book.  One is that it's tucked away from the main street and even with the corridor that leads you up to the tram and/or into the Bellagio, it can add some considerable travel time wherever you're going.  I speak for my feet that incurred massive blisters after I ran down the strip in 4 inch heels to make our restaurant reservation in time--Alas, the MGM looked so close on the map.  The second big con is the lack of food in the hotel.  Skip the market cafe (I did get sick from a salad I bought there) and head over to the Cosmo, Bellagio, or Aria for grub.  Also, be aware that they are pretty strict about visiting guests and there is often a "bouncer" posted by the elevators checking room keys.
5	We loved staying here because it is new, clean, modern, and convenient. We wanted to stay somewhere close to the action but not cigarette-filled and this was perfect. It is on the strip and well connected with the aria and bellagio. Pretty average pool area and relatively few number of restaurants compared to other hotels, but it was so quiet clean, and nice that we didn't really notice. It is awesome that it connects with the aria because you are just steps away from anything you might want.
5	Just one of the great hotels that I visit/stay.No casino here BUT the hotel offers great SPA experience.The staffs are friendly and knowledgable.Great service.Depending on the rooms you booked, the view is awesome.I like staying here.
5	Hands down my most favorite hotel in Vegas. Stayed here a couple times and I've never had problems. Everybody has their own taste preferences but I'm all about new/modern/clean/simple, and this hotel is just that. The standard suites are a good size. You have your super duper comfy king bed that's separated by the TV from the seating area, little kitchen area, large bathroom and a panoramic window with killer views. My last stay was awesome because I was upgraded to the corner suite (I'm not sure why, but I'll take it!). The corner suite is a one-bedroom suite equipped with a full kitchen, W/D, dining area and TV seating area. Given that it's a corner suite, you get amazing views of Vegas starting from the doorway all the way to the end of the bathroom. Make sure you turn up your A/C because these huge windows can generate a lot of heat! The hotel doesn't have the same amenities and services that the other hotels have (like a casino, restaurants, large pool, etc.) but it's nothing that a quick walk to the neighboring Bellagio or Aria can't fix. I honestly have nothing to complain about, maybe except for the fact that their rates have increased since the first time I've stayed here..but I can see why, it's an amazing hotel!
1	I previously loved Vdara and recommended them to all of my friends, however my last stay changed this.  An hour after checking out of the hotel I realized I had left my brand new sonicare toothbrush in the hotel.  I immediately called the hotel and they told me to call back tomorrow after they had finished cleaning the room.  I did and they said they did not find anything but that I should call back later in the week to see if it was found.  I called back again and, again, nothing.  I understand I am responsible for my belongings, however this makes me question the trustworthiness of the staff that cleans the room.  I still don't understand why someone would want to take a toothbrush or, maybe throw away something that is obviously not trash or a disposable toothbrush. I contacted Vdara and informed them of the value of the toothbrush ($200) and they had me file a report since it was over a certain amount.  They also said they would contact me within the next few days once they reviewed the claim.  A month later, I received a letter in the mail saying they very sorry about the situation but under Nevada law they are not liable.  They also went on to state that, by law, they provide a safety deposit box at no cost (per the law) to store valuables in.  Who would ever store an electric toothbrush in a safe?!  This is horrible customer service.  I have had friends who have accidentally left valuables (including an engagement ring!) and non-valuables (articles of clothing) in hotel rooms and have had them returned. I would never have written this yelp review if this incident had been handled in a satisfactory manner but it is obvious that Vdara is not concerned with customer satisfaction, only what they are liable for by Nevada law.  In addition to possibly employing untrustworthy staff, customer service and guest satisfaction is severely lacking.
4	For a non-smoking non-gaming hotel in Vegas this would be a good choice. Not only it's in the newer part of the "happening" hotels on the strip. It's also kid friendly for people with families. Staff are nice though I couldn't say that for the pool area.....which I find lacking in size (the pool that is) Over all I highly recommend this hotel as well as the spa.(another  review for that)
4	Stayed at Vdara for 5 nights from 06/09 - 06/14 in the Vdara Suite. The room was very clean, modern and spacious and included everything we needed! It felt more like a condo then a hotel room since it has a full kitchen (minus oven), 1.5 bathrooms, dinning area, in room laundry and living room. Only negatives is a off strip location which has it pros and cons and sometimes waiting long for room cleaning. I would def come back and stay here!
5	Gosh, I'm glad to see that there are Yelp-ers here who don't love the place, which is good where I'm coming from, since if everyone liked it they would raise the prices to the point where I couldn't do Las Vegas in style -- a style I can afford.As it is, with a little flexibility you can find some super good prices on really nice suites -- spacious, well-appointed, and 1.5 bathrooms is nothing to sneeze at.  As many here have already noted, the feel of the place is less smoky and dilapidated than other Vegas hotels, even when compared to a high-end place like its neighbor, the Aria.  We're real fond of the bar in the lobby -- highly professional bartenders, a pleasant place (active but rarely over-crowded); and they serve some great food at both lunch and dinner.
3	Las Vegas is my favorite city and I love the hotels there (I just love staying in hotels in general) so 3 stars is a very disappointing rating to me. I would rate it 2.5 stars if I could. Vdara isn't exactly on the Strip but it's very close to it. It is connected to Bellagio so you can easily get on the Strip that way. A lot of people prefer this because it's less congested but getting to the Strip will take some walking, which I didn't mind. On the outside, Vdara looks very sleek and modern and I was impressed. But the inside is SO. BORING. It's got the worst lobby ever; no defining features or statues. Casars has statues and cool architecture, Bellagio has the glass flower petals, but Vdara just a check in/out area and looks like a typical hotel. Also the lobby smells like RAID. Yes Raid the insect killing spray. I'd rather smell the sweatiness of all the humanity walking the Strip than endure Vdara's smell. The lobby also only contains 1 bar and 2 restaurants, so it's pretty barren. Plus there's NO CASINO. Yes it's a major hotel with no casino. In Las Vegas. Let that sink in...The best part of Vdara is definitely the rooms, which look very chique like the homes you would find on HGTV or something. It was very spacious and everything was clean. The bathrooms were also very nice with plenty of towels. I liked how the door numbers were digital and you can change the light on the door to indicate if you want room service to come by and clean or not. I would say that my stay at Vdara was average overall. If you just want to stay in Vegas and don't really care where you sleep, Vdara is fine. But if you're going to soak in the hotel, casino, and strip experience, book one of the many hotels on the Strip.
4	My husband was interested in this hotel because it is NOT a casino and also non-smoking.  It's tucked away with an easy bridge to the Bellagio or steps from the Aria and Cosmopolitan.The suites are new and modern.  Deep soaking tub, great kitchenette. We did not really stay around the hotel much, but it was great for our needs.
5	I love this hotel because it's smoke free!! There's no casino in it, but it's in walking distance from the Aria casino. So it's perfect for the people that want to sleep in a smoke free hotel. Also, the rooms are like mini suites or even mini luxury apartments! It has a mini kitchen with a mini living room and mini bedroom with a super modern feel to it. Extremely clean and always smells good in here.
3	I stayed here because my friend had comp rooms. I forgot what the suite was called, corner something... First off. Vdara is like hidden behind the strip. You can't just walk out of the casino right onto the strip. It is also non smoking and there is no casino. The crowd here is very much more conservative and for an older crowd... Aside from that, the rooms are pretty nice. Customer service however, was satisfactory at best. They forgot to clean our room one day and whenever we asked for extra towels and such, it took a very long time to receive. If you're more conservative, stay here I guess, but as for me, i'd rather stay at cosmopolitan right next door.
4	I really enjoyed our stay at the Vdara. The City Center is such a good location on the strip to be at. For whatever reason I was hesitant about the parking situation - only valet parking option - but it turned out to be fine. The guys were quick about getting our cars and there was never a long line. The check in process took a while because understandably a lot of people were there mid-afternoon Friday. Luckily we were update to get a complimentary "upgrade" to a corner suite which wasn't that big of a deal to me (and knowing how much it costed it's a slight perk from what we had). The view was pretty and the room is spacious. I really like that there's a bathroom in the kitchen/living room as well as the master bath.Tip: check out people's Youtube videos to get an idea of what the rooms look like. It really helped us pick the right room here. Also, if you sign up for their email list and/or like their Facebook page, you'll get great deals. We were able to get a 20% discount and 2 free Aria buffets.
5	I always have a great experience at this hotel. The suites are nice and the penthouses are exceptional. Service has never disappointed. If you are looking for a resort setting without the cigarette smell, the atmosphere is great! There is a small pool, and no casino within the facility but the Aria is just a 2 minute walk with a fun nightclub inside. Planet Hollywood, Bellagio, Crystals Shopping Center, and number of other hotels are well within walking distance. I always recommend this place to friends and family.
5	The hotel rooms are a bit cheaper than its competitors considering the quality of room that you get.I've stayed in the Deluxe Suite, corner Business Suite (Rm 6002) and Vdara Suite (Rm 43010).The Business Suite and Vdara Suite are basically the same except that the view from the business suite that we were in was the Aria Shuttle (looks like the Disneyland monorail). The view at our Vdara Suite was pretty nice, we could see the strip, including the bellagio water show.List of things that impressed me:- kitchen sink/stove/cabinetry- separate door for the bedroom- pull out sofa, dining table- full sized stainless steel refrigerator- electronic blackout curtains/shades- washer/dryer set- bathtub- 2 free water bottles per nightList of things we needed to call for:- extra towels- setting up the pullout sofa- detergent- pots/pans/cookware- extra soapConvenience StoreThe walk to the nearest convenience store is a few minutes away. Around the roundabout to Aria and through Aria's entrance, you'll immediate see "Elements" which is Aria's 24/hr convenience store.CosmopolitanWe found that walking outside alongside cosmopolitan was the quickest way to get there. It beats walking through Aria, then the mall, then over the bridge.Earl of SandwichesAgain, walking right alongside the Cosmopolitan hotel was the quickest way to get to Earl of Sandwiches.Planet Hollywood vs Vdara - Go VdaraIf your decision is to either stay at Planet Hollywood or Vdara, I would probably stay at Vdara based on the quality of the room that you get for the price. No, it doesnt have a casino, but think of that as a good thing, for most.Customer ServiceThe front desk was extremely attentive to our needs. Housekeeping was fairly quick, with the exception of check-in times. Make sure to request that your sofa bed get done when the sun is down, you'll get a lot quicker service this way. Be nice to your housekeeping lady that fixes up your room because most likely, she'll be the one fixing up your room the next day as well, tip her the first day at minimum.Late Night MunchiesSorry, no late night munchies at Vdara except for room service, you'll have to walk to Aria for that.Cafe DownstairsThe food takes about 20 minutes to get, so you'll have to be patient. Luckily, I was working on my laptop using my tethered internet, so it was a pleasant time while I was there.Free Wifi (512kbps included)Don't expect fast internet, it's slow, for free. Fast if you pay? I'm not sure, I didn't rely on their internet, I just tethered.AT&T iPhone 5 ReceptionThe reception is good when you're on the lower floors. I had LTE on the lower floors. However, up on the 43rd floor, it took forever for pages to load while browsing. Reception was also a bit choppy for the people I was talking to on the phone. It's not the hotel's fault, it's just that I was too high up.PoolDon't expect much, it's a little pool with a bunch of seats to lay down on. They provide towels. They check your room key before letting you enter. There's a large rectangular spa as well. The music is ok, could be louder and more modern selection.In short, my stay was great.
5	All I can say is WOW! My wife and I were extremely impressed with this hotel.  We enjoyed the location and the convenience of hitting the strip and the surrounding hotels (if necessary). I got what I considered a really great deal on the room that overlooked the strip ($325 total cost for Sunday and Monday night on Memorial day weekend with $75 food and beverage credit).  I did a lot of research and asked a million questions before booking and every expectation was met.  I signed up for M-Life and their service was nothing less than excellent. I typically love to walk around and enjoy the amenities of the other hotels but we found ourselves staying within our pocket of Vdara for relaxation and Aria, Citycenter, and Cosmpolitan for the action.
3	I've stayed at Vdara a few times and always had a good stay. It's one of the few hotels on the strip that doesn't have a casino floor, so it is a better fit for families and in general for the people that do not really gamble. Modern decor for the rooms, and if you get a high floor, the view is absolutely gorgeous.The standard rooms at Vdara has an amazing king-size bed, and a nice size bathroom. TV in the bathroom as well. It does seem like some rooms have seen some abuse over the years. Fridge didn't really work properly at my most recent stay and the sofa bed actually gave me a small one inch gash from one of the rods being exposed. Asked for some gauze and tape when security came up to do some basic dressing, so I can change it myself later but they just said they only had "one roll of tape" so just gave me some band-aids instead.Foodwise, there's a cafe downstairs, but it is overpriced. There's more options over at Aria and Monte Carlo so make the short trek if you're not too lazy.Vdara is good for family and for the business traveler that's doesn't really need a casino floor. Just wish they can start inspecting the rooms a bit more!
5	One of my favorite places to stay in Vegas, rooms are very clean and nice, short walk right into the strip and. City Center is nice and luxurious. There is a bridge connecting the Vdara to the Bellagio. The Vdara is a hotel only, no casino, a small bar in the lobby. It is more of a place to sleep than a place to hang out. But for the location and luxury, it is a good price
5	Lee E. has the best hotel review I've ever seen for a hotel for this location so I'll try to include a couple things that weren't mentioned by other yelpers.  SO starting from the lobby...The elevators are split so that floors above 28 (I think?) are in a different bank of elevators on the other side.  Makes for efficient access, you don't have to wait forever for an elevator.  You also have to show your room key on the ground floor which prevents random stragglers from being disruptive on the floors or pool.The spa is pricey, even for Vegas.  You can get a quality massage on the strip for less than the posted prices at Vdara.I didn't have a problem with the wind at the pool, it actually would've been nice since it was over 110 degrees lol.  It's true that it is not super chlorinated, but that means it can feel kind of lotion-y.  The drinks are good too, I'd recommend the mango margarita.  There are several rows of beach chairs and I never had a problem finding some real estate under an umbrella.  I didn't check what the rates for the cabana were, but the music selection was awesome and loud enough to be fun but not so loud that you couldn't have a conversation or read a book.Lastly the room was superb.  I didn't feel grody walking around on the carpet in my bare feet and I love the minimalist design of the bathroom.  I also like that the shower has a seat and the deep tub.  Having a tv on each side of the suite is kind of pointless; their relative proximity and lack of walls make it impossible to watch two different things at the same time.  Lastly, I haven't seen anyone mention the sheets but holy cow!  They have to be like 5000 thread count.  They felt amazing.I didn't try the food with so many options close by (walkway to Bellagio and sidewalk to Aria) but it's worth noting that you can get pretty far along the strip without having to venture outside too far, particularly useful when it is, as I mentioned, over 110 degrees the whole weekend.  I would definitely stay here again even though it does not have a gym.  If you're looking for a smoke-free stay with out the bells, whistles, and flashing lights that's still close enough to the excitement, stay here.
4	Stayed here 5 days. No casino , quiet, great staff, nice pool. Very nice rooms. And close to everything.
5	Love this hotel! always a great deal. It's veryyyy clean and comfy here! There is no casino in the hotel, which is great for the people that don't like the casinos but still want to stay in a nice vegas hotel. Aria is literally a walk away so for those people that do lovvee the casinos you have that there. There aren't too many drunk people roaming around, which is a plus! it's a very sophisticated ambiance! Will always come back and stay here!!
4	Came here for CES and decided to stay at Vdara since it's casino-free/smoke-free. I was absolutely in love with simplistic decor of the hotel and the room itself.  Our room was spacious and had a view of the Bellagio fountain and the Paris Eiffel Tower.  There's a short walk to Bellagio which was pretty cool.  I would definitely stay here again.
5	When you walk in and you smell the Vdara you will know you walked in to a little oasis of happiness and joy. The staff will literally bend over backwards to make your trip as easy and flawless as possible. Rooms are impeccable. Maid service is 24 hours, concierge is extremely professional. Ive called more than 30 times and every time they are eager to help and make accommodations for whatever our heart desires. I love our room, i love this hotel, if you come to Vegas stay at the Vdara you will not regret it!!
5	Trying to find a good hotel that fits the budget on a holiday weekend is a very difficult task especially a clean one. We decided between aria and this one and Vdara won our hearts so it was an easy decision.My friend, his brother and I got to Vegas at the crack of dawn and were worried about their standard check-in time that started at 3pm. Since we were the early birds, the bell hop told us we might get our room early. So my friend gave it a shot and we got the room early with a free upgrade to a suite which made the holiday weekend a little sweeter.Upon entering the room, the key is not your standard room key but a card that you swipe over the round disc. Once we got in, there is a bathroom to the right, a dinner table, sink with microwave, a stainless steel fridge, and a washer/dryer. The living room area is spacious once you clear it and use the couch as a bed which is what I did. The room was reserved for my friend and his brother that had two closets, one filled with two bathrobes and one for your clothes.The bathroom in my opinion is the highlight of the whole room and why not. In the bathroom, there is a bathtub, and a walk in shower with a place to sit down. Two sinks as well for couples if both are using it at the same time.Vdara is probably not as great as Aria and not as swank as Cosmopolitan but I think it is a perfect place to stay because there is no smoke from a casino.
4	Non-gaming, smoke free, modern hotel/spa that is literally a breath of fresh air. You just can't beat the location! Being close to Planet, Paris, MGM while INSIDE the City Center is fab! I like to walk, so that part might not be ideal for everyone. You'll need a person with a good sense of direction to navigate through CC. I think this place is ideal for a short getaway (spa day!) or for families who don't want to deal with the hustle and bustle of the casino.The hotel ran out of the specific room I booked so we were upgraded to a corner suite. Nice! Panoramic views and sleek amenities made me feel at home.
5	Booked a room at the Vdara to host my graduation party and boy was I pleased. I can't get enough of this hotel because all the staff were so accommodating to all my needs. In fact, I was so impressed with my stay I emailed the management on how well trained their employees are on providing excellent customer service. If only they trained everyone else in the world working in customer service. I stayed in the executive hospitality suite, which is the largest room they have if I'm not mistaken. 2 bedrooms, living room, kitchen with a large front counter with breakfast nook and 2 and a half baths. There was also a washer and dryer, which is probably useful if you're staying a few days especially if you have kids. The major downer about these rooms is that you don't get a view of the strip or the beautiful fountains at Bellagio because these rooms are located on the opposite side of the hotel. I was told by front desk all these types of suites only have a view of Aria and the I-15 freeway, not bad I'll take it. Beds were comfortable from what I can remember.The pool area is small, but ambiance is fitting for the demographic of those staying at the hotel.  Pretty mellow with mainly mid aged adults and a few kids here and there. My only suggestion would be is for the music to be louder as Lee had also mentioned in his review. P.S. LOCALS: if you are looking to have a "hotel party" Vdara is a good option, despite all the noise coming from my room (music and a ton of people), I did not get one complaint nor did I have security warn me about the noise level. I know at other hotels they shut down your party immediately if other guests are bothered.
4	First time at Vdara and will not be my last. Got a good price through a website and booked EDC weekend... yes EDC weekend is crazy packed and crazy busy. If you were there you'd know. Well got there early... as in 9am early. Still got me an early check in. They didn't promise me anything over the phone but told me the line wasn't too bad and the rooms were starting to open up. When I got there, the line was mad crazy with check ins and outs. They managed to get me a room early. The room was super clean, free of smell, and felt like a good vegas experience. Sure I wasn't in the room much but calling in for the late check out was no problem, got extra towels, soup, here and there stuff that made the hotel experience wonderful. oh yea... did I mention it was crazy packed during EDC, and their staff was still friendly and quick w the work.
4	This hotel is modern and elegant. As far as the actual hotel room goes, I couldn't have asked for a nicer room. We had the CITY CORNER SUITE and it certainly was SWEET!! This room literally was like an apartment. The suite came with a bedroom with a king size pillow-top mattress and a separate living room with a pullout mattress on the sofa. Also, it had a full functional kitchen (4 stove ranges), a dishwasher, sink, and a FULL size refrigerator! Oh, I almost forgot --it comes with a washer and drier in the room! So Legit. I haven't even mentioned how beautiful the view was from the living room, master bedroom, and bath. It was especially beautiful at night. The shades came with 2 options: "shade" and "blackout." Pretty self-explanatory, if you want to create a dark room choose blackout, if you want a shield from the bright sun-but not darkness pull down the shade and down comes this sheer shade. Okay, onto the bathroom--the bathroom encompasses two sinks, a bath, and a shower and toilet. It's a pretty huge bathroom. What i didn't like though was that there was no door to the actual toilet itself, since the bathroom was so big I think the space would be better utilized if someone was able to do make-up and drop a deuce at the same time without having their privacy violated, but again --no biggie b/c the room was GORGEOUS. FREE WI-FI! Also here, they seem pretty strict in monitoring who goes to the elevators. They sometimes ask to see your keys. Which I guess is a good thing for your own security, but it makes it a little harder if you have friends that want to come visit. I subtracted a star b/c they don't have their own parking lot (they share with ARIA) so you have to take a tram. B/C of this, it makes it a little difficult to get to (i.e. from the strip).
5	This hotel was fantastic! The experience was awesome from the time I pulled up in my car to two days later when I left. This is one classy hotel and every one treated me like a queen. All the service staff were polite and willing to serve. And for the first time in my life I could actually sleep in a hotel bed because the beds and pillows were so soft. I was on the 32nd floor and WOW what a view of Las Vegas strip! There was almost a full kitchen, complete with stove, microwave, and fridge. The only thing missing was a pot for coffee/tea. Other than that...it was a perfect stay. I'll be back!
4	Everything would have been perfect if...1)My requests were fulfilled but unfortunately they were not. I booked a Panoramic Suite requesting a view of thr fountains and a fully equipped kitchen.. but they actually put me on the other side with a view a side view of Cosmo.. and an empty kitchen.. 2)it said the panoramic suite came with 1 and a half bathroom but it actually only had 1 bathroom. Or at least the room I got only had 1 bathroom.Other then that the room was spacious pretty much a small 1bedroom apartment. I was disappointed that I didn't get my request but it's ok. Inquired about a complimentary upgrade. She gave it a shot but they were sold out the point is she tried which was cool. I  would definitely come back to the Vdara.
3	FREE valet service, stylish interior, tasteful hallways, wonderful rooms BUTTTTT their service is horrible.Waited over an hour for blankets and plates - they forgot the rest of our stuff.Called several times to ask when they'll bring stuff to our roomWaited almost an hour for someone to unclog our toiletValet never picked upThe housekeeper failed to check our rooms to refill water/throw out trashTheir house/room service was just plain old horrible.
3	I stayed at Vadara for 3 nights and I must say that the hotel is not running as smoothly as it should be. Upon check-in, my wife and I were given a view upgrade due to it being our 7 year anniversary. We very much appreciated this. However, Vadara charged my debit card an unexpected additional $100.00 that im supposed to get back within 5 to 10 days. My wife and I saved for several months to fly to Las Vegas for a vacation and the missing $100.00 put limitations on what we could do.  I talked to the concierge about this but there was nothing they could do for me. The room was very nice and clean (aside from a layer of dust covering the tv and dresser). We especially enjoyed the deep soaker tub and separate shower.    The second problem I encountered at Vadara was the housekeeping services, we slept in one morning and had the "Do not disturb" option illuminated on the door, when we eventually left for the day we illuminated the "Request cleaning services" option. We then returned to the room roughly 4 hours later expecting to relax but the room remained un-cleaned. Im unsure if they were just too busy to get around to it or if the illumination on the door simply wasn't working properly. Yet it kind of ruined the relaxing mood we were in, I had to call down to housekeeping and have them send someone up, which they did another few hours later. I don't mean to sound like a spoiled brat who wants my room cleaned immediately, but we were paying close to $150.00 a night to stay at Vadara so the expectations were naturally higher.    The third problem I had was with drinks at the pool. I had flown to Las Vegas with drinks in my check-in luggage in an attempt to avoid paying for overpriced beer at the pool side. I called the Spa in advance to ask if I was allowed to bring my own alcoholic beverages to which they replied "yes, as long as they are not glass", as I entered the pool area I was stopped by the staff and told I couldn't bring outside drinks, when I informed them of my previous call they allowed it but made it seem like they were doing me a favor. While they were polite it was very embarrassing being stopped by them and having other people look at me as though I got caught trying to get away with something sneaky, I called in advance as a way to avoid this but it still happened. Moreover, the pool closes at 7:00 PM for some weird reason, I was looking forward to swimming at night but couldn't.     While I enjoyed my experience there I probably would not return to Vadara, with so many luxurious hotels in Las Vegas I don't see any reason to visit the same one twice. I also couldn't recommend Vadara to anyone who is looking to stay at a hotel in the $150.00 range because there are so many other options out there, most of which get better reviews.
3	Vdara is ok. The spa is small but very relaxing and that staff there are lovely, their hair and makeup people are awesome. The Vdara hotel staff however are dismissive and their house keeping is not timely at all and usually forgets to restock the bathroom or take out the trash.  The rooms themselves however are wonderful. I'm a local and I spent a birthday weekend there as a treat to myself and would say that there wasn't anything really special about it. Nothing I can't get at any of the other new hotels on the strip.  I don't gamble at all anyway so the fact that it is a "no casino" hotel didn't matter to me one bit.
4	Nice quite hotel. Nice change from the others in vegas. No casino and no smoking. Very nice pool. Laid back atmosphere.
5	I stayed at the penthouse on my visit to Vegas and oh boy it was nice. It was 2 stories, 2 rooms and 3 bathrooms. The view was awesome from our room. Kitchen was clean with a washer/dryer machine for laundry, refrigerator/freezer, microwave, silverware and a full dining table. 3 big flat screen TVs. I will make sure to come to Vdara every time I visit Vegas now. There is no casino however there is a walkway to the Bellagio and Aria.
3	I liked Vdara - don't get me wrong... But there were two real deal breakers for me... The first was the scent that they pump into the lobby. It is a perfume smell that I just hated! Really. Like, give you a headache stink. ...Next - for as nice a place as it is - our Vdara Suite tub needed to be re-grouted around the base. There was this nasty looking brown stuff in the grout. ...We did like the relative quiet of the hotel. It has no casino. The staff at the pool were mostly friendly. ...The hotel is a short walk from Aria's casino or the Cosmopolitan casino.
5	I dont even know where to begin. We were at the Vdara for 2 nights for my BF's 30th and it definitely was worth every cent! We checked in Saturday with nothing more but a 5 minute wait. The Valet quickly unloaded our bags onto a bell cart and gave us our ticket and boom...to the check in desk we go. We were definitely treated with fast and professional service, check in was a breeze. We booked an executive corner suite and were on the 52nd floor. It was a total ease to get to the room, no casio, or clouds of smoke to get through and no maze of tables and slots trying to navigate the elevators. The Vdara itself is very contemporary and stylish. Has a very young feel to it but seemed to be a place for families too. Once in our room, it was just to-die-for..AMAZING views!!! The room is basically just over 800 sqft. 4 burner stove (electric), microwave/confection oven, dishwasher, garbage disposal, full fridge/freezer, dining table for 4. Sofa pulled out to a queen bed, although our friend said the floor was more comfortable, lol. Room was awesome with a bed that I would have no problem ever leaving. The bathroom is where it really gets crazy! Huge in itself, dual sinks, seperate "Water closet", rainfall shower with bench (can easily fit 4 people in there) and a soaking tub that I wanted to take home. The Bathroom is basically all windows.... ;)We had a few issues apon arrival, literally 20 seconds after we shut the door, a maintenance guy was there to fix a loose toiled seat. I had to call down again because one of our blinds was stuck and was obsructing the awesome view that we wanted to see. This was all taken care of within 30 minutes. Our bags took the longest to get to us. We called down to ask the ETA and they had them up in 10 minutes. Not a problem. Just a few things you need to know- 25.00 per day resort fee + 100.00 deposit that you get back a few days later. -If you plan on cooking, you need to call hospitality and request EVERYTHING, pots, dishes, cups, silver ware....soap, sponges, trashbags. I had to  make several calls since I didnt realize there was literally nothing there.-They tell you that there is a guy checking to make sure you have your room key before you get on the elevator and that you need your key to even get the elevator moving, not true. We hosted a dinner one of the nights we were there and a few of our guests came up without a problem-Call down to bell hop to have them pick your bags up so you dont have to lug them down.-utilize thier electronic check out. ***Sign up for the Mlife rewards, you get amazing room discounts for just signing up and is good for 11 different properties, points rack up fast***
5	Amazing, that's the only work to describe this place. Stay here!
4	This is definitely the place for people to "get away." Vdara is a smoke-free, gamble-free hotel that is right in between the Cosmopolitan and Aria, with easy access to and from Bellagio. You are away from the madness but if you want to gamble and get to the craziness, it's literally a 5 minute walk to the three hotels and the strip! There is a walkway in the lobby connected to Bellagio's casino. You can also walk around to Aria and Cosmopolitan from the outside walkway which is also connected to Crystal's shopping center. From there you're right on the strip when you want to be.Free valet, pool/lounge and fitness center. Pool closes relatively early. We had stove and refrigerator as well. Customer service - 5 (All staff we encountered, super friendly and helpful)Accommodations - 4.5 (Helped us with everything we needed)Location & Accessibility - 4 (Walkable distance to surrounding hotels and the Strip)Size - 5 (We were on the 47th floor with a fairly big suite, great view of Bellagio fountain too)A very chic and modern hotel. Overall, pretty good experience.
5	This is by far one of my most favorite, if not favorite, hotel I have had the pleasure to stay at. I stayed at the Vdara in October of 2012, and it took me by surprise. They have great deals and offers and got a really good deal with one night for free which extended my vacation. Upon arriving at the Vdara, the experience was remarkable. As soon as you walk into the lobby, you automatically get this great feel of classiness and cleanliness all over. A very slick and sexy hotel no doubt, great for everyone. Even though the Vdara has no casino, its actually a great benefit. Nice and quiet, great for relaxing and if you're ready to gamble, the Cosmopolitan and the Aria are literally feet away. Another benefit of the Vdara is that you have the tram station at your hotel which leads you to the Aria and Monte Carlo, very very convenient and nice ride too, you get a great view of the City Center that you cant get without getting on the tram. The rooms are amazing, very modern and classy as well. I also had a great view of the Bellagio fountains and the Cosmo, nothing better than waking up watching the show. The curtains as well are automatic, which is very cool as well. The bathroom is unbelievable and overall this place surpassed my expectations. I 100% recommend staying here, don't pass it up!
5	New year's eve with the girlfriend. Automatic upgrade to panoramic suite on the 53rd floor. Great view, no casino and no smoking. It's awesome and so beautiful.
4	We arrived during the busy fourth of July weekend. The line was long but moved somewhat quickly. I was lucky enough to get Kyle who was awesome--he hooked us up with a nice room for my boyfriend's birthday.Here are the pros:wifi internetcafe in the lobby areano smoke smellskitchennoise free--we did not hear the neighborsvalet (was both a positive and negative--we would have liked to self-park instead of waiting for an attendant and tipping him each time we needed to use the car)Here are the cons:no AC in elevatora lot of my TV channels were missing--like Food network!small refrigerator that did not seem to keep things very cool--more like luke warm/coolresort fee of $28 even though we did not use any of the resort options--other than internetthe black out blinds had gaps in them so we were woken up early by the sunlight each morningWe really enjoyed our time at this hotel. It was completely smoke-free and casino free.  Loved it!
3	Ask for a high floor, the view is amazing. This a beautiful hotel. Wonderful bed, clean very modern. There is a small kitchen in each room but you have to call down to get plates and silverware. ( I get it people steal) what really got me was no coffee maker in the room.  When I called for one, I was told that they ran out.  Come on that is lame. If you're going to pay the prices for this type of room you can go out and get me a coffee maker.  Would I stay her again?  Maybe, I like my coffee.
5	It's walkable to The Strip and next door to Marquee Dayclub and Nightclub!  I like how this hotel is low key compared to the rest of the neighboring brand name hotels and super convenient to get to places in its vicinity.Not a whole lot of people and none of that extremely fancy decor.  It is a great place to stay at and comparably affordable!Their rooms are spacious and modern.  They have a security guard at the elevators to check your room key.  A couple of perks I would say!
5	We've stayed at the Vdara several times now and every time we've received exceptional service. There are several reasons we continue to choose the Vdara, 1. The rooms are Suites 2. Staff - always friendly & helpful 3. Non- Smoking!!! 4. No casino or nightclub. After enjoying Vegas' nightlife, you can retire to a quiet peaceful place. 5. The pool and its staff  6.The Vdara speciality drink the Black Dragon, which I believe is now called by a different name. Ask for the blackberry mojito. You can walk to so many places from here, Bellagio, Aria, Caesars, MGM and numerous restaurants. The biggest drawback to the Vdara is the Internet charge, considering the price of the rooms, free Internet would be a huge plus.
5	Just beautiful! I wanted to knock this resort one star for not allowing smoking and no gambling, but you should 100% know this going into booking here, and if anything there are obviously many hotels within a 10 minute walk. The rooms were beyond gorgeous. Me and one other shared a 2 queen deluxe suite and it was great. The other ladies including the bride had a HUGE luxury suite, four bedrooms, everything was great.
4	Stayed here over Halloween weekend for a friend's birthday and it's definitely a nice, QUIET hotel. If you're looking for the party atmosphere, it's not here. Think spa, not twerkmode. Our panorama suite was beautiful; unfortunately they stuck us on the backside of the hotel so our view was of the highway instead of the strip. Boo. Suppose we should have voiced a preference.In any case, the suite was sleek and modern. There was a full kitchen, living room, and spacious bedroom that housed a super comfy bed, not like there's much time to sleep in it while you're out doing that Vegas thang anyway. We book the room for a few of us to stay in, so we ended up utilizing the pull out sofa bed. Uh.... super uncomfy, yo. Feels like springs are jabbing you in the back. Needless to say, I reclaimed a spot back in the real bed. My suggestion? Don't try to do the packing-more-people-into-a-suite thing here. Vdara is for luxuriating... so luxuriate. Book it for yourself to enjoy.The only setback I could find is that you have to walk about 10 minutes to get to The Strip. It's kind of a hassle, especially if you're in your heels. I like the idea of just stepping out of the lobby and landing right in the heart of Vegas like you can from most other hotels.
5	Love Vdara. Luxurious, cozy, smoke-free and QUIET! Great staff, too. Not to mention, modern and spacious. It is definitely not your typical Vegas party hotel, but that's probably why I loved it so much. Don't forget your comfy shoes. It's a quick walk to Aria, Cosmo and Planet Hollywood, and has a connecting walkway to the Bellagio. If you need snacks, toiletries or want a fresh hot meal at any time during the day, stop by the Market Cafe on the first floor. We were there almost every day for breakfast.Our one bedroom suite had a full kitchen (fridge/freezer, stovetop, sink, kitchenware), a full bath with tub and shower in the bedroom and a half bath in the entry way. Very convenient  (and almost a necessity!) when staying with 3 other girls. And oh, the bed! Just thinking about it makes me want to ZzZz...one of the most comfortable hotel beds I've ever slept on. The quality of linens makes such a big difference. By far, the Vdara has the nicest fitness center I've ever been to in a hotel. New, clean equipment with towels and bottled waters at each machine, and headphones available, if you need it for the TV monitors attached to all of the cardio machines. Kettlebells, body bars, free weights...better equipment than I've seen at some member gyms in San Diego. I never enjoyed working out while on vacation, but I loved it while I stayed at the Vdara. I would love to come back here and am looking forward to that day. Thanks, Vdara!
4	My stay at the Vdara was fantastic, it made the Las Vegas trip flow easily. The location is great, most of the places my group wanted to go were in walking distance.I loved the non-smoking part the most, in a city where people can smoke everywhere it was nice to unwind in a clean environment. There is no casino inside, so you don't have to worry about crazy mobs of angry people down on their luck sloshing through the lobby just a relaxing place to sleep. They have a lot of little amenities and features that set it apart from other places I've stayed. They have automated black out curtains, the magazines laid out on the coffee table the large tub I didn't use and the amazing 24 hour room service. After a long night of gambling (losing all my money) and drinking (too much) it was nice to be able to come into my room at 3 in the morning and order a breakfast burrito and an ice cold Fat Tire Amber Ale. Also I have to mention the cafe downstairs that had the best turkey sandwich I've ever had in my life; roasted meat with aioli on cranberry bread.The Aria casino next door is mind blowing too, all of the City Center is. They are under the MGM umbrella. The blackjack tables had 25 minimums, turns out that's not the best setting for a first time player, rookie mistake. But, I had fun and would do this again.
4	The Vdara is a relatively new hotel(Dec 2009) located directly across from the Aria. We had booked three suites for my buddy's bachelor party(two of them were connecting). I stayed in the smaller junior suite and I loved the layout(think L shape) with the kitchen at the entrance and the bedb/bath around to the left. One particular feature we appreciated was the double mounted flat panel televisions(one facing the bed and the other directly facing the couch). When we needed it housekeeping was johnny on the spot and friendly with large smiles even after noticing the numerous bottles of alcohol and shot glasses strewn around the two suites and inevitably the mess that would most likely result from our celebration.The one knock I would give Vdara is that it's relatively far away from a lot of the action on the strip. However if you're looking for some quiet R&R in Vegas I wouldn't hesitate to recommend the Vdara.
4	I found this hotel by accident and it is a gem, but a tad bit difficult to find.  It is a world away from the strip and non-smoking and does not have a casino.  It also does not have a large restaurant selection, although it is Vegas.  I had a suite on the north side (stay on the north side, it is cooler in the summer).  Wonderful beds, comfy and cozy.  Great checkin, but I had to wait 16.32 minutes on hold for the bell desk to answer and they said my luggage would be up in 5 minutes, but was closer to 9 in real time.  Everything was a walk, and the pool had the added luxury of umbrellas and with the glare off the hotels, you needed it.  Good pool side service and soft towels.  My view was huge, I could see the fountains of bell ago to the mountains of red rock.My only complaint is that it takes a long time to walk anywhere, for me it was okay since I walk a great deal, but if you were injured or disabled, it may take even more time.  I would go back, the rooms were a good side, with a huge soaking tub.  A great seating area with comfy couch and chair and even a kitchen.  If you are looking for a suite, on the strip, but a world away, try this hotel.Ps. The flowers in the lobby are stupendous, very modern, and elegant in their simplicity.
5	Vdara is a true gem in Las Vegas if you're looking for a quiet escape from the madness of Vegas while being able to dive right into it if you so choose. The rooms are spacious, clean and well equipped, and you can't beat it's location - just steps from both ARIA and Bellagio. Navigating the simple, non-smokey lobby is a piece of cake, and good food and drinks are just downstairs. Don't get me wrong, I love staying at the casino resorts, but every once in a while it's great to take a break from their craziness, and that's when I head to Vdara.
2	Could not have been more disappointed, We stayed for 3 nights, and the room was only cleaned after I called and complained for the third time. Don't bother using the service room button, the poor maid that came and cleaned the room at 12 am said the morning housekeeping mgr only wants the rooms that are for new arrivals cleaned. Also heard that they have 16 maids to clean all the rooms in the Hotel.        Valet was also horrible unless you don't mind hearing the squeeling of tires in the parking garage only to see your new 50k truck come rolling out right after. The bad thing is you have no choice but to use it because there is no self parking. After witnessing my truck being driven like that , I parked at the Aria and walked to the hotel. Don't bother complaining to the shift mgr because they could care less.      Its really to bad, because the hotel is convient and the rooms are really nice. The fridge is useless and the blackout shades have gaps in them.
5	Gorgeous, non smoking, modern, clean and inviting. In a sea of bad taste, this place is designer neat, spacious and lovely. Fab location and amenities.
4	I really enjoyed our corner city suite room 34048!!!! It was beautiful and I felt like I was being spoiled, one of the better hotel rooms I have been in. it had a view of Vegas, but not the strip, I could see the bellagio pools and also the Vdara pools.Pretty Open Bathroom, no door for toilet so make sure you're sharing the room with people you are comfortable with or not too many people! Clear windowed shower, small tub, everything is well stocked. Full liquor bar fridge with some snacks. =) Cute bright and clean kitchenette. Nice comfy bed, only down fall IS HOW SUCKY THE PULL OUT BED IS IN THIS ROOM.... THUMBS DOWN, but we put the couch cushions on top and slept on it that way lol. Overall, I like that they have 24 hr security people to check and make sure its guests that actually stay at this hotel. I feel more secure that way =)Front desk was friendly and helpful, I also wanted to mention "Chinha" according to her name tag, she was so sweet and friendly and helpful checking us in! She really added that professional touch, along with all the bell men that came up to bring us complimentary water and other things to our room. They were really awesome. NOTE: Remember to bring lots of cash to tip your hotel employees, I didnt get a chance to bring cash and couldn't find a B of A anywhere so I didnt get to tip as much as I wanted to. I WILL RETURN again, really enjoyed my stay there!
5	It's a great hotel to come back to, and really felt like coming back to "home" in Vegas. I love that it's connected by a short walk to Bellagio and is close to walk to Cosmo next door. The best part was the suite which included a huge bathroom with killer views of the Strip and a cute kitchen area with large fridge, stove, Keurig, dishwasher, and table. There was a cozy living room area too. Wish there were plates as it almost felt like we were in a time share or hanging out in someone's home. Love the spa downstairs. It's a great place to stay free from casino or cigarette smoke that are in most Vegas hotels.
5	Honestly, Las Vegas is gross. The streets are dirty, the billboards are dirtier, and the smog on the Strip from all the damn cigarette smoke/car exhaust is just nasty.Vdara, on the other hand is clean & serene. Modern, spacious rooms with awesome views & NO SMOKING! Woo-hoo!!! Loved my stay here & would totally come back.
2	I wanted to love the Vdara, i really did, but too many things went wrong during our stay.The main problem we encountered was the service provided by the hotel staff. They failed to follow through on anything they promised. That sums it up. I will go into details, but there are a lot of them. Found problems with:- The Valet- Front Desk- Bellboy- Room Service- Room QualityThe hotel only offers Valet Parking. Not a major problem, unless the hotel has bad service, which it does. Valet takes forever!! And if you love your car, you don't want these guys getting behind the wheel. PERIOD.We had booked a corner suit. Around $350 per night. Check in is at 3pm. We arrived at 4pm. We were told we could have a suit on the 29th floor but if we could wait 2 hours to check in, we could have a room on the 47th floor. We thought it was worth the wait! The front desk told us we would receive a call when our room was ready and we could check it, 2 hours max we were told. We had to leave our bags with the bellboy. We would have left them in the car but with it only being valet, that wasn't an option. We handed our bags over and the guy serving us paused before handing us our receipt and said "unfortunately i only work outside and i don't bring your bags to the room". After which there was an awkward silence while i waited to be handed the receipt. It wasn't until after that i realized this was an attempt to get tipped. REALLY? You didn't do anything! Since when do you have to tip twice for one service? .. Not a great start.We eventually went back to the hotel at 8pm, after waiting 4 hours and receiving no phone call. We go to the front desk and are told the 47th room floor isn't ready yet, but there is one on the 29th floor if we didn't want to wait any longer. We're already 4 hours into waiting, hell no, i'm not going to bail out now!After the front desk being on hold to room service for 20 minutes, we're told our room is ready. When we get to the door, we find them leaving the room. Anyway .. we're in! And the room is amazing! Fantastic views, very modern decor, let the fun begin. If only ....The carpet in the bedroom is soaked through. Wet all over! Like excess water sqelching when you step on it! I call down to the front desk to complain and they offer to move us to a room on the 29th floor. It's now almost 9pm! We waited 5 hours for this room! When the bellboy comes up to drop off our bags, he offers to have extra towels sent up so we can try and mop up a bit. He was a really nice guy, very apologetic and he did make us feel better. The corner suit also comes with a pull out Queen bed which we intended to use. The bellboy tells us we can have the pull out bed made up by room service if we tell him a time.OK great. We tell him midnight (it's currently 9pm). I figure that's long enough for them to get the job done, even with bad service. WRONG. We come back at 1am and it's not done!! We call to complain AGAIN, go back out to hit the strip, come back at 4am and there is a pillow and a folded sheet on the couch. So after it taking so long, they decided not make it and just drop the linens off .. Why would it take so many hours to drop that off! It does't even take that long to make, never mind drop off. Bad bad bad.$350+ per night!! For service like that! Insane. The commercials on the hotel TV also advertise how high the hotel standards are and you're urged to "Raise your expectations". Seriously though. I didn't even have any expectations and you didn't meet them.The pull out bed was also solely made of springs. I've used more comfortable beds in hostels i've stayed in, not even exaggerating slightly. Also, the shower looks amazing, its huge. But the water pressure was laughable. On a side note: the hotel doesn't have a casino. I learned The Vdara is just an extension of The Aria. So just stay in the Aria, unless they have the same management. I'm not risking The Aria after this experience, but who knows, it surely can't be any worse.
3	Second time here this year and this time was not as good as the first was, room was not as cleaned as it should have been, dusty, furniture not in place and it appears the carpet was not vacuumed. But still enjoy the hotel because of the non-smoking environment and for the price compared to other hotels it is reasonable. One of the reason we like the hotel is the full kitchen, we bring food in and eat in the room to save money on food cost, it just seems the price to eat in Las Vegas has tripled on the past 5 years.
2	Where to start.....   High expectations as it looks nice and is non smoking.   Asthetics and security check at elevators is where the happy report ends!   No coffee pot in room!   Small cup of black coffee availabe in lobby that tastes terrible!   Cafe not open till 6 am and I am up at 5 and want my coffee then!   Tub has a drain in the center of the tub, if you try to ,at down drain rakes your bottom and back.. OUCH,  wifi that is automatically costing you $25 per day sucks.   It is either incompatable  with apple or just lousy coverage.  Their solution?    Move us to another room.....   Ummm, NO!   Talked to several people at front desk, rude and seem put out with you.   Used services at sister resort Aria and felt much more welcome there.    Workout facility is nice.  Pool is very small and the death rays from the reflective glass made it unbearable in August.    Son slept on pull out couch, was so springy he slept on couch not pull out bed.  We were told we could get turn down service.  Asked for it at 9pm, by 10, no service.   Called front desk, they sent somone with sheets and pillows, never offered to make bed!  Go to Aria pool which is included in your stay at Vdara.  Arias pool is spectacular!  Called front desk twice and was put on hold for over 5 minutes, gave up being able to speak with anyone.  Wanted to get services in salon. Was told I needed to get package instead of single service, ridiculous upsale attempt.   Went to Aria spa and had no issues with same service request.  We will never stay here again!   This horrible stay put a huge kink in our stay in Las Vegas.   We come here every year and we will never stay here again.   Many chances to redeem themselves, failed everytime.  Looks nice but looks are clearly deceiving.  I wonder if management ever reads these reviews?   Same complaints over and over!   Wake up Vadara!
4	Very cozy room. Has an indoor pathway to Bellagio.
3	We came into town for a girlfriends' weekend and picked Vdara for a few reasons.  I personally love the no smoking policy and the lack of the insessent ding-ding-ding Casino noise.  Vdara is also in a great location with easy access to Aria, the Cosmopolitain, Bellagio and evan Cesars, a short walk away.  The room was OK, the king size bed was comfortable, the sitting area and mini kitchenette were fine.  The bathroom was great, lots of counter space which 3 girls getting ready for a night out need. We were promised a fold out couch which did not happen. The service and concierge were not a helpful as I would have expected though the bar in the lobby was pleasant enough. Probably more geared towards a business hotel than a girls weekend away, but I would come back.
5	Vegas Baby!, Vegas! Anyone who has been to Sin City will tell you, there are several ways to enjoy the lights and sounds of this great city.For this trip, which was the first time we did Vegas with just Joy and I....No entourage, no commitments to meet people, nothing but the wife and I... Bliss!!! Add the fact this was a 40th year Birthday present to myself and you will understand the fun factor involved....I knew that I wanted to stay in a high end hotel that would make me feel like a high roller without breaking the bank. To do that I needed to find a "deal". Whats great about Vegas is if you do enough searches you will end up finding the "mid-week" pricing very reasonable...And so it was I found Vdara Hotel, Mid-week pricing with a Pool side Day bed rental and Credit at the bar.Vdara is located in the "city center" area, and driving into the Valet area already gives you the feeling you made the right decision.Check in was a breeze, and off to our room we went.Walking into the room, I already knew that I was gonna love this stay. Modern Decor, 2 flat screens, a huge Bathroom with a tub and shower. Auto Blinds and Shades on the windows and a pretty comfy bed. Oh yeah and a kitchenette. We enjoyed the poolside Day bed and used up our bar credit on a delicious pitcher of Black Berry Mojitos. The server, Megan, at the pool was great and easy going, and allowed us to use the "VIP" Pool, which is normally reserved for the Cabanas.The Vdara is also a smoke free, no Casino Hotel. Wait, What? No casino? Whats the point. Well, sometimes people go to Vegas not to gamble... In fact the whole trip we only spent $40 on the gambling part, and reserved our funds for Awesome Food, Drinks and a show.Hotel Room service was also great, although pricey, but then again, Its Vegas....Overall this was a great hotel stay and I can wish that someday I could afford the regular pricing and just stay there whenever I wanted... Someday....
3	An update from my past review. We decided to try the hotel 1 whole year later. They offered a suite upgrade and free breakfast for two. Extremely nice of the management because of our past bad experience. Pros-Fantastic clean rooms with a great view. They still have some of the best rooms on the strip.-Friendly StaffCons-The Cafe needs some serious help. There is ALWAYS a huge line to get breakfast and a wait for your food. Much rather walk somewhere else (like the Aria or Cosmo) to get faster service. It's just a reminder this hotel was built originally as condos not to have the capacity as a major Vegas hotel-The staff is extremely slow to respond. 30-45 minutes on hold to talk to someone at the front desk, 1 hour wait for Valet, 1 hour wait to get extra SHAMPOO, and 1 hour wait to get extra COFFEE (both separate occasions). They waived the resort fee after we complained about the bad service they have. The Vdara is a very nice hotel but don't expect to get the same service here you would get at a major hotel in Vegas. At least bring some patience with you.
3	We were really excited to stay at Vdara for my birthday last weekend.  It was pretty good.  Okay on most levels, but there were a lot of things that just seemed OFF.First for the good:- room design was cool- love the no gaming vibe- great view of Bellagio Lake/Fountain show- central location - loved the ability to walk straight to Aria or Bellagio- overall great service- comfy bed- great tub- room service was great overall and even toasted our bread in the roomThe bad:- Asked for upgrade options at check-in and was ignored.  We thought she was looking, but she wasn't - and just handed us the keys- First room stank like there was a sewer problem - was moved to a 2nd room with slightly better view of Bellagio fountains- although you get a kitchen/dining area, they don't provide a coffee maker at all- you have to call housekeeping to request robes- our room was incredibly dusty- one of our 2 phones didn't work at all (we didn't call about that - but it just seemed low rent)- our minibar was locked upon arrival.  I called the next morning to have it opened, and they said they would send someone up.  No one came.  I called again and they opened it from downstairs magically.- room service included a jam that was half-used- only restaurant downstairs closed at midnight (hello - this is Vegas)- room service is apparently shared with Aria, so it took over 50 minutes for a simple breakfast to be deliveredOverall, I have to say I did not feel pampered and it did not live up to other luxury properties like the Wynn.  I wouldn't put out the money in the future.
5	Had an amazing weekend at Vdara thanks to the friendly staff--namely front desk Erin Serrano! The room was well kept, the views were spectacular and the company was so much fun. Location on the strip is perfect, so close to everything! They ALLOW DOGS in the "V-dog" rooms, amazing because I love when my puppy tags along. There's a dog run just behind valet. Speaking of valet, it's required here, so keep tip cash handy. I highly recommended Vdara!!!!
5	I loved this hotel. The customer service was great! Right from the beginning at check in. We were upgraded to a corner suite. It was huge and more like a condo than hotel room. It had a full kitchen and washer and dryer. The view was amazing. I loved the bath tub. I got a really good deal on Expedia. Ask for an upgrade. Also walk to the front at Haze and tell them they said you could get in free since you had a suite. My husband even got in for free!The housekeeping was amazing too we had an accident at 5am and they came right  away and cleaned it up. Would stay here again for sure!
3	3.5 starsMy bf and I had recently stayed here looking to try something different after reading it was quiet, smoke-free and had no casinos in the lobby area.  It's always nice to come back to some place quiet after going around the strip and whatnot.  You won't find a big crowd of people around the lobby area and it's connected to Aria and Bellagio, which is so much better than walking outside in the scorching heat.  Valet and the staff were really nice and friendly.  Our suite had a kitchen, spacious bathroom and an ample amount of space.  It doesn't look as nice as other hotels in comparison but that's just my personal opinion.  There really are no restaurants here so you COULD go to the small lobby and visit their market/cafe that closes at 10 pm on weekdays and midnight during weekends.  They also have this small area for their bar but there are other places to go for a drink that seems more social.  We never went to these places Vdara offered because Bellagio is right next door!Overall, it's a decent place but it's perfect if you want to stay at a quiet hotel.
5	I love this place! I came here with my friends for my 23rd. Room had an amazing 270 degree view of Vegas. We could see everything.We asked if we could be put on as high a floor add possible and the front desk us on the 52nd floor. I think there was 56 total. The service here was amazing, clean, friendly.It's the perfect location. Less than 5 min walk to Bellagio. The hotel are connected to each other. This access puts  you right on the middle if the strip.Overall this hotel is very affordable, great location, non smoking, great service and just provides an amazing experience. Will definitely be booking here again.
3	I'm torn on my review... The suites are beautiful and always clean, but there are things that bothered me at my stay... The good things I enjoyed were the beautiful suites, comfortable beds, and good view of the Bellagio Fountains.  The bad things about the hotel are that you are charged $25/night regardless of whether you use high speed Internet, house keeping, waters, etc.  BE SURE YOU KNOW THERE WILL BE A BILL AT CHECKOUT!  Also, there were staff that constantly hound you at the elevators asking to see your room key.  VERY ANNOYING especially when you have full hands and have to stop and dig the room key out of your wallet!  After the 1st night I got so sick of being asked constantly for my room key that I kept walking passed them when I was asked.  The resort itself is beautiful however the hidden fees and annoying pestering of staff wanting to see my room key every time I want to go to my room took away my enjoyment of staying at the Vdara.  I probably would not stay here again!
5	We've been to Vegas a few times. After staying at the Vdara the first time, it is now the only place we stay. We came to Vegas to celebrate our 4yr Anniversary and when we checked in, our room had been upgraded and we had complimentary spa passes. This hotel takes care of you. One of the managers / supervisors, Tony, was an amazing help and did so much for us and made our stay here even more memorable. It's people like Tony who make Vdara our must stay at hotel in Vegas.
5	Vdara is a very luxurious place to stay.  The rooms are quite large, very clean, and have an updated/modern design.  The service is exceptional, and they really take care of guests.  By far the best hotel experience we have had in our five or six Vegas trips.  They check room keys at the elevator banks, even at like 3:00am, which is nice.  There is no casino at Vdara, so depending on your perspective that is either good or bad.  To me, it's good, because it makes the hotel less busy with random people wandering around.  But if it's your first time in Vegas, it may detract from your party experience - it's really neat the first time to have a hotel right on the strip, where you can walk right out from the elevator and be in the middle of the action.  Anywho, Vdara has a tram that runs until 4am that goes to Aria and Monte Carlo for gambling, while the Bellagio and Aria are both a fairly short walk away from Vdara.  So, if you want to briefly escape the chaos for a bit of sleep, Vdara offers a somewhat calm escape that is very close to the 24x7 action.  We stayed at Planet Hollywood the last night of our trip, which offered a stark contrast to Vdara.  While Vdara is clean, modern, and customer service oriented...Planet Hollywood was congested with mobs of people, and definitely showed its age.  Planet Hollywood wasn't the worst we've ever stayed in, but I definitely wish we had just stayed another night at Vdara instead.
3	I've stayed in a few resorts on the strip before. This is a relatively new hotel on the strip. The road to the resort is a little confusing. Rooms are clean and pretty neat. Pictures on yelp are good representatives of what you could expect. Note that there is no coffee machine in the room. When I set up the morning call, they did offer complimentary coffee if I recalled properly. The suite comes with a kitchenette, but has no pots/pots/plates/bowls/forks or what so ever. If you need anything, housekeeping would bring them up. It is just a bit odd. Restroom is okay too. I found it relatively on the small side for a 5-star hotel on the strip. There is no restaurant in the hotel please note. There is no room service either. They have a small fast-food style food counter/mini-grocery store and a bar. Aria is close-by so it normally wouldn't be an issue unless you are pressing for time.  The hotel does not have casino and is not situated on Las Vegas Blvd. So it is relatively quiet and has less traffic. It has tram train that travels to a few resorts around. Maybe it is the time I stayed at the resort, there were a lot of college folks here for parties. You also got the regular party folks here for a good time as well.  I booked two rooms through hotwire. There was some communication issue between hotwire and the hotel. It was resolved within half an hour or so. So it wasn't too bad. However, judging from the Vegas standard, this will not be my best choice and likely we won't come back.
2	A hotel that calls itself a five star resort - but doesn't really live up to it.I have been to Vegas a few times, stayed in Palazzo, Bellagio, Venetian - those are way better...We decided to give Vdara a try...booked a suite. We gave our luggage to the bell-boy who was to bring it up to our room immediately once we checked in and called for it. Well - it took them almost 50 minutes to send our luggage up. Our room was equipped with a kitchenette, but no mugs, not pots no pans...one has to call for it. Ok, so we called for two mugs, and an hour later we got them!! Also, there is no coffee machine in a kitchen - even a regular Holiday Inn comes with one!! You would imagine the service of a five star to be a little more quick and better!!The room was alright, although it was a suite it was not big enough for 4 people. It can get crowded. There was no bathrobe provided nor any slippers. (Which is something which has been provided to me by most five-stars in Vegas), our trashcan in the bathroom already had trash in it!!! We needed more towels, so called for a few, go figure, it took them an hour to send those up!! There is no cafe to eat in the hotel, just a tiny market place which shuts early- so no late night snacking.Location of the hotel is so-so it's quite a walk and can get confusing.The only good thing about the hotel was the Valet - they were quick! I would not come and stay here even if I got a deal on the net. The service at Imperial Palace ( a 3-star) was way better!
4	A few quick tips:1 - When you take a cab from the airport to here, make sure they take the city streets.  If they take you on the freeway, odds are they're taking you for a ride.2 - If you have a breakfast credit (or just want to eat breakfast/brunch at the cafe downstairs), don't order anything hot (i.e. anything with eggs/bacon/etc)  if you're in a rush.   The back kitchen forgot our orders more than once (though the workers were nice once we brought it to their attention).   Otherwise the selection is fairly decent - definitely better than your usual free "continental breakfast" of watery coffee, watery OJ, and stale warm-it-yourself pastries.3 - The mattress on the sofa bed sucks.  It may be better to just sleep on the closed sofa.  You need to call down for sheets/pillows/bedding for it.4 - WiFi.  I saw some other review mention it wasn't free for guests.  They're wrong.  They give you a code at check-in, and it's included in the (stupid) mandatory "resort fee".  Big plus IMO:  RFID/NFC (?) room keys, so you can just hold your wallet up to the lock/receiver.  No fumbling through your wallet for the key card.  No having to insert/remove the card a certain direction at juuuust the right speed to prevent the derpy yellow/red light of denial.  Just hold it up like you do at the office.
4	We stayed for two nights here for the first time during our most recent trip to Las Vegas. Here is a list of things I liked and disliked.Pros:The kitchenette is nice. I don't eat that much and I usually have leftovers (a lot of leftovers) eating out at restaurants. I stored my leftovers in the fridge and was able to eat the leftovers the next day instead of wasting so much food like usual. Housekeeping will bring up any utensils, pots, plates, dish soap & sponge if you call them. I liked the deep bathtub. The bed was comfortable. Housekeeping also brought up slippers and gowns when we called for them.The one-touch shade and curtain control was nice. Complimentary valet parking, could be a good thing, (except if you needed something from your car, you had to have a valet get the car for you and then take it back to park it. A bit inconvenient).Non-smoking, non-gambling hotel so it was relatively quieter and less crowded, which I think would be ideal for families with children or if you are like me and like to get away from the casino-scene for parts of your day. We had a daybed at the pool, which was pretty nice. The service, although slow, was friendly. The food and drinks that we ordered from the pool cafe were delicious.The little market/cafe on the first floor served some yummy breakfast options as well as single-items like yogurts, etc. Which I liked. Vdara is just a short walk to either Aria and Bellagio which was perfect distance away from the casino-scene but yet close enough to not feel so disconnected from all the action. Cons:We found a lollipop on the floor next to the couch when we first checked in, which just shows that the room was not thoroughly cleaned.  Also the Kleenex box was stuffed on top with what looked like a used, wadded ball of Kleenex with glittery blue eyeshadow on it. Gross. When we checked in, the in-room safe was locked - probably the last person checking out left it locked. I don't know if this is housekeeping's responsibility but someone should have checked them and made sure the safe is left unlocked for the next person to use. We had to call security and security had to come in and unlock it, asked to see IDs like we were criminals trying to steal something in the safe that wasn't there.The toilet in the bathroom does not have a separate door. It wasn't a biggie but if someone's in the bathroom taking a long bath (me), your partner or friend sharing the room with you can't go potty for a while. Also no TV in the bathroom (am I too spoiled?)The valet showed some attitude when my husband needed to get something out of the car for me at nighttime. Sorry, but if you don't want to get my car out at 11pm at night, don't offer 24 hour complimentary valet service. And this was with good tipping too. Also they drive the sh** out of your car. If you don't want them to abuse your car, don't valet. Our car also smelled like smoke when we got it back at the end of our trip.Overall, I don't know if we will choose to stay at Vdara again for any special reason but maybe if we wanted to stay in more we may, since the kitchenette is a nice option. And because we had a nice time at the pool. Pretty good in terms of amenities but there definitely some things here and there that weren't all that great.
3	For a "nicer" hotel, I didn't think this place lived up. The rooms were extremely "cozy"...when the pullout sofa was pulled out, it actually touched the regular bed and there was no walking space in between. The pull out sofa was also REALLY uncomfortable! I mean, I've had my trips where I find myself coming back to the hotel room and just falling asleep on the floor, but even that was better than sleeping on the pullout mattress. You could feel the circles on your back from every single spring! It was also very inconvenient that the toilet was not separated from the rest of the bathroom with a door or something. Really awkward having to go to the bathroom while the other 3 girls are getting ready in front of the mirror. :XThe good thing is that this hotel has a connecting walkway to Bellagio which was uber convenient. I also ordered the room service twice and the food was really good! Ingredients tasted fresh and the waiter was very courteous when setting it up in the room. Verdict: Room is ideal for couples seeking a quiet hotel to go back to. No gambling and minimal food/drink options. Not good for 4 Asian girls looking to party.
3	This place is a hidden gem. I liked this place because of the location, and I didn't have to worry about walking through noisy and smoke filled casinos.   The price is reasonable, and there is a kitchenette for leftovers and drinks.  This place would be a great place for business travelers who stay long term or for families who don't want to deal with the crowds.  I just wish that this place had a better cafe downstairs. The food was not good. They had some healthy options in the grocery section, which was great. I like how they had some gluten free options as well.  I also wish this place had a better pull out sofa. This was the worst pull out couch I've ever slept on! For that, I had to bring down the rating to a 3.  Seriously horrible.  I had pain in my back.
2	Vdara hotel... Just hotel, no casino! I did not know that. Stayed there during the long weekend. Valet services was super friendly and fast... Check in process was fast and the employees were friendly. The room was really cute with a pool view. Nice little kitchenette with a microwave, stove, sink and mini fridge. Beautiful bathroom with a nice full size tub. The only problem with this place besides the fact that there was no casino downstairs and that the room service closed at 10 and there was no where to eat downstairs was that the fridge didn't work and water pressure for the shower was too low and the sink was clogged... Oh wait there is more, pool area is too small. They don't have enough lawn chairs. And the drink service was too slow. Will I stay here again? Maybe! Probably not by choice.
1	This hotel really needs to step up their game. The only good experience I had was that we were able to check-in earlier than 3 pm (around 1 pm). And that no one smoked in the hotel or lobby. But that's about it.The bad experiences:1. My room's shades kept going up and down by itself... in the middle of the night! Needless to say, I did not get a good night's sleep for two nights straight. I called the front desk after the first night and they sent someone up to take a look at it. The guy said we were out of batteries and switched a battery for us. The second night, it happened again! They sent another guy up to take a look at it and he said that he had never heard of such thing before. His options for us were to either switch rooms (which was not worth it because we were only going to be there for one more night and moving everything is a hassle; they were not going to give us a room upgrade or anything) or disconnect the switch to the blinds and just leave them down, which is what we opted for because I really wanted to sleep! So that was that, I did not get any views after that fiasco.2. The resort fee is $25/night. The resort fee includes 2 bottles of water per day, which we never got. I had to call housekeeping to complain about it before I got some water. Frustrating. If I pay for something, I expect to get it, especially for the price I'm paying to stay at this hotel.3. The internet was terrible. It would disconnect once I put my phone down for 5 minutes and I had to reconnect every time I wanted to use it again. Probably would not stay here again unless it were free.
3	While I loved our suite on the top floor with ridiculously stunning views of the Strip and the mountains surrounding Las Vegas, a number of issues marred our stay. First, the $28 daily resort fee is ridiculous and provides no value other than microscopic water bottles and "free" (and extremely slow) WiFi, which logs you out after about 5 minutes of non-use. Annoying. Also we were underwhelmed by the small-ish pool, and we did experience the "Vdara Death Ray" - it's like the building's glass walls are magnifying the heat onto the pool deck. The housekeepers were stingy with the coffee for the in-room Keurig brewer. I like that there's no casino, but that also means the lobby is very dead and there's no on-site restaurant. Were it not for the $28 extortion fee (resort fee) I might consider staying here again.
1	If I could I wouldn't even give this hotel a star. day one - didn't realize it was a valet-only hotel, but whatever we used cabs all week anyway but more on the valet to come :-/ check in was smooth, requested a fountain view room and they gave it to me (not surprised though it was a tuesday - friday stay so its not like the hotel was at capacity anyway)the room: first impression was great we liked the set up of the room (2 tvs, one in the bedroom and one on the other side of the built in where the couch was.) we got the studio style room.then it all went down hill from there none of the lights worked and the safe was open but locked so we couldn't store our items in it and go to the pool right away like we had planned. so I called the front desk and i told them the lights were out and that i didnt know how to use the safe. "the instructions are on the inside of the safe", says the front desk clerk. "there aren't any instructions in my safe", i said. "well they should be, i dont know how to use it let me get someone who does", says clerk"... REALLY? she must have been new. anyways we waited 30-45 minutes for someone to come up and fix our lights (they were shut off from the main electric panel in the room) and then i had to wait another 30 mintues for security to come unlock the safe and show me how to use it. At this point the pool was closing in an hour so we rushed to unpack, change and get down to the pool. the pool: its small but it does the job, luckily being midweek, it wasn't crowded but nothing impressive, my in-laws pool is nicer. first night/morning after: being exhausted from traveling all day I crashed hard. next morning, i wake up with sharp pain in my lower back ( i sleep on my stomach ) and in the morning i inspect the mattress and spring box to find that it had been sat on my Godzilla and broke the mattress! probably the worst sleep i ever got in my entire life. so i call the front desk and i tell them politely that i think the mattress is broken . so again we wait 20 minutes for housekeeping to bring up a mattress for the sofa bed, apparently the clerk thought i was talking about the sofa mattress. keep in mind breakfast buffet was going to end in an hour and i wanted to resolve this before leaving but there wasnt any time  so i go down to the front desk after breakfast and let them know the whole situation and every problem with the room ( lights malfunction, water faucet pressure, safe, mattress and also the ac wouldnt cool lower than 75')  the clerk was very nice, he apologized and offered to move us to another room, and offered to take care of the resort fees for us( which is great because we planned on visiting other pools and would have to pay the resort fees there in order to use their pool) we really didnt want to move rooms since we had unpacked and organized everything into our room. so that was a pain. but that mattress drove us out of that first roomanyway , get to the new room, its small. 1 tv. and different set up. so disappointing becasue we loved the set up of the other room. in the new room the couch didnt even face the tv. hated the lay out. but lights worked, ac went down to 71 and faucet had pressure. mattress still felt very used but better than the first. the rest of the stay (room wise) was just meh. check out; the hotel has a convenient method of checkout either on the television or through your mobile phone/email but the guy at the front desk didnt delete the resort fees from my account so I have to get out of bed and go wait in line (friday morning when everyones checking in) and explain again that the room was crappy and we were promised no resort fees. guy takes care of it. again, nothing impressive i just had to ask twice for the same thing. go back to the room, get our stuff together and wait for the bell to come help with the luggage. he helps us load our stuff into the car. and we head over to the mgm to spend the day at their pool when i get out of my car i look driver side door and it is beat up! they scratched the paint and left marks from who knows what? shoes? it looks like they dragged a suit case into the car from the floor (see picture) and my car is new! and freshly washed just before getting to vegas i was so peeved. and i even tipped them! this is why i hate valet. my wife said we should go back and show them but i know how they would have responded. i really wish i would have gone back and made them pay for the damages.then when we get to the mgm i wanted to lock the trunk since our baggage was in there while we were at the pool and the lock for teh trunk was damaged! i forgot my valet key at home so the valet had the real key that works for the trunk lock and they must have opened my trunk to see if i had anything of value in it. luckily i took everything out (laptop, jewelry, etc) just shows how classy this hotel is. NEVER STAYING HERE AGAIN! TAKE YOUR BUSINESS ELSEWHERE!  Stay at the palazzo.
3	I honestly expected a little more from Vdara. The suite was nice and spacious and the view spectacular but it was missing a few details especially in the bathrooms. First of all, lack of shelves and space to put your stuff. We're chicks! We have A LOT of stuff! Then lack of hooks, as in there was only one. One! C'mon really? One hook for such a large bathroom made no sense. The furniture including the bed were not that comfy. Kinda thin and 'springy'. The room service along with housekeeping were phenomenal tho! We ordered in quite a few times and it was delicious and the service extremely pleasant and courteous. Expensive tho. Wi-fi, forget it, worst connection EVER. Elevators were fast, you do have to show ur key card to get up to ur room FYI. The hotel has no casino so it's quieter, less smoky, and more laid back. Check in was pretty fast but then again it was a Thursday so I'm sure it gets crazy for the weekend. Valet services were good but the guy didn't help us with our bags when were leaving! Wtf! For the price and location (off strippish) I expected a lil more. Encore is still my number 1.
5	One of the best hotels on the strip. It is in a great location (City Center). It is smoke free and there is no casino. Because there is no casino and no smoking, they always have great deals on rooms. The rooms are very nice and have great views of Vegas. If you want to gamble or shop, you can walk out the front door and go across to Aria and Crystals. It also has access to the Belagio.
4	Clean hotel.  No casino in here so it was really nice just to walk in and out of the hotel without smelling much smoke.  The pool was decent size but nice.  Plenty of seats.  I just love the building much more than the room itself although the bathroom was pretty large.  I still prefer Palazzo/Venetian over this though.
4	Awesome hotel with great views, comfy beds, super clean bathrooms, no casino- NONsmoking (hooray!) and it smells SO good in there!! The only thing that turned me off is the $25 a night resort fee. I mean, who goes to Vegas to use wifi and the gym?!?! And the rates are high enough that it should cover all of those things. Upon checking out, I found another random $3 a night fee tacked onto my bill for who knows what. I really wish they didn't do that! Other than that, it's great!
4	The room was gorgeous, the area super clean, the swimmingpool nice.The only problem was that in rosee to have breakfast you should go to Aria's!
4	Just stayed here recently for the first time for a lil birthday stay-cation (Tuesday-Wednesday). I was fully aware that it is a non-smoking, non-gambling hotel.  I was looking for some relaxing time instead of going bananas on the casino floor somewhere. It definitely afforded me that!  I am a local REALTOR in Las Vegas and have stayed at many of the hotels so I can help friends/clients decide on places to stay when they come to town.  Like many of the other reviews, the internet is terrible and the tech is a lil behind for this all-suite hotel that targets the executive clientele. Like any hotel of this nature, everything is going to be over-priced! It's Vegas, so come prepared for your stay! I always pack a small cooler with drinks and snacks; it helps.Lastly, I was pleased to have the assistance of Tabatha when I checked in. She allowed me to check in to my City View Corner Suite early without hesitation.  I wanted a top floor room as the views are way better of course, but all I could get was the 14th. It was still really nice with the 270 degree views.Other reviewers say this place LACKS amenities, I say just walk to Cosmo or Aria and there is everything you need in those two places.  Don't be a Howard Hughs and stay in your room the whole time!
5	Holy shiiiizzzle. I never thought I'd say this but I love this hotel. It smells Devine. I love that it's smoke free. The suites are spectacular. So huge and the amenities are great. The service is so good here given that it's a hotel in Vegas. It almost makes you believe that it's a boutique hotel. Will be back for sure.
4	On my most recent stay at Vdara, I did not have any issues with the hotel or their staff. Check in went by quickly and our room was neatly presented upon arrival. My favorite part of this hotel is the fact that the lobby wasn't filled with the smell of cigarettes. The hotel was very close to Bellagio, which is practically connected to majority of the major casinos.  a
4	Excluding the racist elevator guardian/security guard, this place is amazing!!! I loved everything about this place, Amanda and Kendal deserve appraisal for their outstanding customer service and hospitality. My partner and and I usually stay at the Westin as we are Gold members with SPG, but after trying out the Vdara one night, we are now Mlife members and hope to reach similar status. Awesome work!
3	I am giving the Vdara three stars because they just didn't work hard enough to get 4.Inconsistency:I prepaid the reservation before arrival ( for three Panoramic Suites). I called the day before an asked how much the deposit was. I was told $100 cash deposit plus the resort fee.Got there and it was $300 cash OR  $100 on a debit card. TO THEIR CREDIT: the money on the debit cards were credit back AS SOON as we checked out.Resort Fee:What a bunch of bull. Low speed internet that you have to manually connect to every time your screen times out. Sigh! Not even worth it. Two bottles of water daily for a suite?! Whatevs.Rooms:My room looked like it has seen better days. Couch looked very slept on, colors were very muted. Reminded me of aLoft a little. To their credit they let us check in to the room at like 11am. Very cool. Front desk people get 3 stars. There were three and they went in order of fantastic, new, newer. Checked into three rooms, were told three different things and had three different experiences simultaneously. My mom's room was dirty upon check in. They told her they were upgrading her to another room. When I went to look it was not the upgrade they promised, but I didn't have time to argue with them. The concierge was a joke. The cafe was a joke. The bar was also a joke. This reminded me of an apartment building where people sometimes stay as an hotel.Overall, it was ok. But I wouldn't stay here again. Inconsistency from employees really had me miffed.Housekeeping was a little TOO thorough. They put up EVERYTHING that was out. Sounds good in theory but I don't want my dirty clothes stuffed in my friends suitcase while we are out all day. Spent almost an hour sorting clothes & toiletries from each others suitcases. SIGH! Last, but certainly not least, they were checking room cards every time you neared the elevator. This applied to everyone except the hookers. There were so many!  I can't make this up! I guess I am a little green when it comes to how this works, but it doesn't seem okay for them to be openly negotiating prices in the lobby.
4	I usually stay next door at the Aria. I tried Vdara vecause of a room rate deal. As far as the hotel goes, it is just fine. With no casino, it was a nice quiet refuge from the strip. BUT, LIKE EVERY STORY IN VEGAS, WITH THE GOOD, COMES THE BAD ....Vdara is valet parking only. I can only presume that they have some crazy figure 8 Hot Wheels set up in the parking structure that precludes recreational drivers from parking their own cars.  Okay, so we roll with the valet. However, when my clean ride comes back, there's a new door ding. Ba-bam! I'm not a sniveler by any means, but they made me use the car jockey. It wasn't my choice. So, I make a claim. And, I have have to say I didn't have any expectations that Vdara (or big brother Aria) would accept responsibility for the damage.And, what do you know, I - was - right.  Here's my exchange with Aria Risk Management representative "Al." Al  "I checked the video and see your car already had the damage." Me "Really?"  Al  "Yup."  Me  "The ding is about 3/8 of an inch. How could you even see that?"  Al  "We have a hi-tech high resolution video system."  Me  "I'm cool with that, just email me a copy of the photo image from your system."  Al  "Oh, I can't do that. It's pr-o-p-r-i-e-t-a-r-y .... They would fire me on the spot."  Me  "Dooh ... So, you can't send me a photo of my own car?"  Al  "No, you'll just have take my word on this."     Me (Words not for publication)            My suggestion - If you wanna stay at the Vdara, park in the Aria garage and walk to Vdara. That way, if your car gets door dinged, you'll be upset, but there's no clear suspect to be pissed at.EPILOGUE - Well I'll be damned!  After I sent a letter, Aria/Vdara took a second look at my situation took care of my issue.  I won't disclose the details, but I'm presently in a renewed semi-happy place about Vdara.  With that, I'm adding back a couple of stars to the rating.  I've actually returned to Vdara many times all with positive experiences.  I really like this place. I continue to self-park at Aria and walk through to Vdara.
4	I love the fact that this was a non-gaming and non-smoking hotel. Great for a family with kids. And if you happen to be the gambling type, The Bellagio is only a few steps away via a walkway. I also loved the fact that there is a tram that easily connects you to Monte Carlo, City Center/Aria, and the Bellagio. The kitchenette is also great if you want to save money and make your own food. Its not a stocked kitchen, but you can easily call housekeeping to supply you with pots/pans/place settings. We were given a room upgrade and had the view of the Bellagio fountain. The deal breaker for me, however (and the reason I only gave 4 stars), was the sofa bed. The mattress is not even usable. No cushion and all you feel are the springs. And its not like you have the option to request for 2 beds. All rooms come with only 1 king-sized bed and a sofa bed. So if there are 4 or more of you sleeping in 1 room, I hope you'll all fit in the 1 bed because that's how you'll end up sleeping. Even the couch cushion placed on the floor was more comfortable than that sofa bed. I couldn't even recommend this to my family because we travel in large groups. So we would need that extra bed. However, if its only 2 people travelling, its perfect.
4	Staying at VDARA this weekend made our Vegas experience 100xs better!! Everything about our two bedroom penthouse suite was amazing!! Plus, the fact that the resort is 100% non-smoking was an added bonus! Will definitely stay in the VDARA family resorts moving forward!
1	No stars for me. Me and my husband stayed in an executive suite and honey.... it was trifling to say the least. The room was very dusty, our dining room table was dirty as well. We had to wait an hour to check in to what we thought was going to be such an amazing room. Our tub was filthy.  It had hairs in it so I immediately requested the housekeeper to come and re clean our room. We never received our robes after asking for them on several occasions along with receiving our cook wear three days into our stay and we were only staying five days.   They did not have a garbage can for the kitchen either and not to mention im pretty sure I was bitten by bed bugs. I do not recommend this place to anyone!!!
5	Where do I begin?  ...Vdara is an oasis in a desert of loud, smokey, drunken hotels. Its location is doesn't sacrifice the  feeling part of the "strip",  yet provides a feeling of getting away. It offers a touch of class, value,  and flair.  We stayed in the Vdara suite,  which was a $50 upgrade from our $90/night Hotwire Deluxe suite reservation.  The 51st floor room offered an expansive North side view of Las Vegas, in addition to a clear view of the Bellagios famous fountain show. Our room came equipped with 2 flat screen TV's, a separate living room with a pull out couch,  washer/dryer combo, a full kitchen, tub/shower combo, Egyptian cotton robes, and complimentary slippers. In short, more than enough amenities to make the stay extremely comfortable. The pool: I was iffy about this before,  because I once stayed in at Mandalay Bay and thought,  how could a pull ever rival that. Although Vdara does not offer a wave pool,  and lazy river like Mandalay, what it offers is equally as appealing. There are 3 seperate pools, one being a sauna spa pool, and the other 2 waiting pools.  Its located on the 3 floor and offers a slight view of the entrance way among other things. Overall the ratio of people to pool made the experience overall more relaxing ......there was no struggle to fight for space. Overall if you are looking for service, flair, tranquility, accessibility, and still a connoisseur of all things Vegas, then this is the place for you!
4	Classy, quiet hotel just off the strip. Room was nice and clean and the staff was very friendly. Would definitely come back!
4	We stayed at the Vdara 10/1/2013 in the 2 Bedroom Hospitality suite.  It was the most luxurious room I've ever stayed in.  The service and staff at Vdara was exceptional.  I also had a blowout and mani/pedi at the salon and it was AMAZING!The only cons about our stay was the mattress in the pull out sofa is the worst thing on the planet.  You'd almost be better off sleeping on the floor.  It really is that bad.  BUT if you drink enough and pass out you might be able to tolerate it.Also, being from Seattle, we really wanted a Starbucks in the hotel.  They are currently in the process of building one inside though.If you are wanting a luxury room that is quiet and don't mind walking to the Aria or Cosmo for restaurants and entertainment that this is the place to stay.
4	This hotel was great, the decor was very modern and contemporary. We were upgraded to a corner suite which was very spacious and clean. The view was gorgeous. This hotel is not on the 'strip' but connected to the bellagio hotel and across the street from the aria hotel so you can get to the strip easily. If you want to be directly on the strip then this might not be for you, if you also want a hotel with a casino then this isn't for you either..but overall it was a great experience...I would definitely stay there again..
4	The room is very sleek and modern, and very nice. Love the big tub that's separate from the shower. My room also has a really great view of the Bellagio. Service staff (bartenders, concierge, room cleaners) have all been very nice and helpful.
5	This past weekend I had my sister's bachelorette party here! Wow! The location, cleanliness, and staff was all fabulous. The rates were the cheapest and allowed us to have a suite for $333! All 14 girls fit great. Unfortunately, my reservation said just a deluxe room, when I explained to the front desk girl (Allison) that there was no way this room would hold all 14 girls she quickly spoke with a manager and upgraded us to a city suite for no charge. I felt comfortable, appreciated, and understood! I recommend this place to anyone that wants a great deal, a better location, and a friendly staff.
5	Check in staff was very helpful.  Pool area is beautiful. Hotel rooms are modern, clean and luxurious.  Down stairs cafe has a lot of food selections.  Walking distance to the aria and city center makes this hotel one of my favorites on the strip.   I will stay here again.
5	Wonderful hotel to stay at, very safe and secure. No casino inside, right next to the Aria though and walking distance to the strip. I would stay here again next time.
5	I spent my past weekend at Vdara and I love the location! Even though it's not exactly on the strip, it's an easy access by going through Bellagio. :D Our room had a water leakage issue on our first night. We promptly switched to another room. Despite there was some Friday afternoon check-in madness, we were pleased the Service Man promptly put our request to get a new room for us. While I wish I could get an upgrade since we had to move things by ourselves (running out of bellmen to assist us since 4:30-5PM seemed to be a peak check-in time), I appreciated their speedy response and their effort to accommodate us!While we all joked about the annoying staff member asking us to show our room key as we enter into the elevator lobby area, my husband and I appreciated such arrangement from the bottom of our hearts - the last thing we want to see is a random girl knocking our doors and asking for services. Call me old fashion - but I really feel safe and secure in this property. ha! I love the first room that we stayed (it's bigger than the 2nd room that we were placed). But both rooms were beautiful. I made our own simple breakfast in our suite after requesting kitchenware and cooking utensils. While there won't be enough equipment to make the most complicated meals, a pot and a pan is all you need to make a simple meal~~ And we keep on thinking that this place would be perfect if we return to vegas with our babies/toddlers because of the kitchen, great sound isolation, and its location! Further, everyone we had met at this hotel were super friendly and helpful.The only one thing I don't like about is the pool - it closes way too early in my opinion. But I guess it force us to get out from the pool and get ready for shows and dinners.
5	We found a special on travelzoo through jetluxury.com for $114/night (resort fees and taxes included) for the Deluxe Suite (1 King bed, 1 sleeper sofa and a kitchenette).    Normally, this room goes for $279/night before resort fees and taxes so travelzoo's deal was AWESOME!  The hotel is connected to the Bellagio so it's not exactly on the strip, but it's only a 5 min walk to the front of Bellagio.  Also, it is an easy access for the tram that connects to the Crystal shopping center near Aria, it's free.  Walking distance to city center, cosmo (for secret Pizza) made it a great location for us.The room itself was beautiful, modern and mostly importantly.., clean!  Bed was super comfortable as it had a pillow top, the sheets were uber soft.  I passed out a few times within minutes of lying down.  There is a kitchenette that included a stove (you have to request the pots and pans), a microwave, and a small fridge.  The pool is beautiful, the gym was nicely equipped with new machines.  Customer service from the front desk to the room service were all excellent.Had a blast, and we're definitely considering coming back here to this hotel again!
5	We stayed at the Vdara hotel as the last night of a cross country move from Boston to LA. We were traveling with our 65lb boxer "puppy", which made a lot of hotel accommodations difficult. The staff at Vdara went way out of their way to make our stay easy, comfortable, and fun. Zoe (our boxer) got a package on check in that included a blanket (which has since become her favorite thing to drag around the house) and a dog treat, as well as a list of services including a pet menu, and dog sitting. Vdara also has a fenced in dog area right in front of the hotel that was perfect for Zoe. Kim helped us get all of our belongings out of our room the morning we checked out, and was a major dog fan. Our dog had been rather stressed since leaving our home in Boston, and Kim put her right at ease immediately. She was extremely helpful, had an amazing personality, and gave us a lot of great info about both Las Vegas and the area we were moving to. The Vdara should be very proud to have her as an employee! We have, and will continue to, recommend the Vdara to everyone we know who needs to travel with a dog. They went way above and beyond to make sure we, and our dog, were comfortable and enjoyed our stay.
4	Good service! Kindof a boring hotel as far as design goes, just a place to sleep but the blackout curtains are terrible!
5	Beautiful hotel with a modern flair. No casino is a plus as we didn't want to deal with the increased crowd in our own hotel. Aria next door is a great Casino, and don't forget Bellagio and Monte Carlo are just a free tram ride away. Both of those casinos can be accessed by the tram with a stop at Vdara. We will stay here again.
5	Had a great time. Amazing facilities (non-smoking) and customer experience. Great deals can be found on travel websites. It is not on the strip or have a casino in the hotel but have close access to Bellagio and Aria.  Would recommend and will definitely return again.
5	This hotel is AMAZING we did book the Panoramic Suite which had an awesome view of what Vegas has to offer! The suite had a great set up from the kitchen to the bathroom and bedroom. The room was very clean and modern.  Close to the tram which can take you to the Aria,Bellagio,Monte Carlo or Crystals Shopping Center.  The only downfalls were they only offer Valet Parking with not parking garage and there is no Casino. Other than that I would highly recommend the Vdara for a getaway.
5	vdara great hotel to stay at what sets it apart from other hotel no casino means no smoking clean hotel great vies from the room very nice bathroom alot of space in the room nice size kitchen area i been here before i will be back again when i come to vegas one of the best on the strip.
5	We SHOULD OF bought one of the studios when they were selling, what a loss, because this place just smells of excellence, even during a fire alarm. It is new and gorgeous and reaks of class and style.It does NOT smell. It is still our fave for spending money less than calif. NICE!P.S. We have stayed over the years more than 80% of the strip and 20% off the strip Hotels and Motels and really appreciate Aria, but VDARA MORE.
5	Stayed here with some friends on a recent trip to Vegas, and loved it.Beautiful hotel and lobby, friendly staff, modern decor, pristine rooms, and super comfy. Our room had a beautiful view overlooking the Bellagio fountains. The wifi was free too which was a plus.  Maybe a bit of a bummer that there's no casino, but there's a super convenient tram that goes to Bellagio and Monte Carlo which we took every day...and it's a short walk out the door to Aria.Highly recommended for anyone looking for a great stay in Vegas!
4	Vdara is hidden in the City Center with Aria. It is nice to have a newer hotel that does not have a casino built in on the strip. Decently priced per night and great for family travel since they have a small kitchen setup in all the rooms if I am not mistaken.
3	The Vdara hotel is a clean, modern and upscale hotel located off the Strip but very close to the Bellagio. I really appreciated the location as it was quiet, but still close to everything. A non smoking and non gaming establishment, the Vdara prides itself in high quality service and support. Any complaints I had (e.g. phones didn't work well) were compensated directly as a reduction in our room rate. Direct compensation is by far the best way to deal with things! Bellman were of high quality and had pleasant demeanor.  One should note that given the location of the hotel, the frequency of cabs may not be desirable for the business traveler irrespective of the efforts of the bellman.Rooms had some minor issues with heating and ventilating. That being said, the rooms are generally very large with a nice sitting area. I also had access to in-suite washer/dryer and a very convenient kitchenette. The bed was good and bed sheets had fairly good thread count. Television was large enough for the rooms in question and offered a wide assortment of channels. The TV was HD quality, but would have liked a surround sound styled environment (we are in Las Vegas)! The bathroom was just OK. The shower pressure was extremely poor and even though the bathroom appeared large there was very little counter-space. Further, the toilet should have been in a more private/secure area. Just seemed that the layout was poorly planned. Towels were not soft and should have been larger.In summary, stay at the Vdara for less than $130 a night. That is roughly the appropriate price range if you can secure it.Enjoy Las Vegas!
5	I'm going to do my review as a list of pros and cons:Pros -1) Really nice, 5 star hotel standard2) one bedrdoom suites at MASSIVE!3) hot shower and separate shower and bathtub, although water pressure could have been better4) window blinds and shades are very thick and good at keeping the sunlight out5) Wifi is fast6) No casino and smoke-free. Nice and quiet lounge7) Valet parking was very fast and efficient every time8) Connected to the Bellagio for direct access (although at least a 5 minute walk to the casino floor)9) Central heating was very good, and also separate heating systems for the living room and the bedroom!10) Right next to the Crystals mall if you like really high end designer shoppingCons - 1) Resort fee - $28!2) Its at least a 5-10 minute walk to the strip. Through Aria.3) Toiletries provided looked very cheap - like the kind you would get at a Best Western?4) Lack of dining options right in the building - have to make the short trek next door to the Aria or beyond
5	Recently stayed here on my recent trip to vegas. One thing I liked about this hotel is that it doesnt have a casino downstairs which makes it a more relaxing stay, and on top of that the property is smoke free!  Front desk staff was very friendly and helpful.  Rooms are good size and very clean. The pool area is nice with two hot tubs. I would certainly stay here again when I visit Vegas.
4	Lovelovelove it here! Decently convenient location on the strip and feel of a smaller, private hotel.PARKING: It's valet only, so if you're not comfortable with people touching your car, this hotel is not for you. Traveling southbound on Las Vegas Blvd, turn right after you see Cosmopolitan. You'll continue straight past the Cosmo taxi line UP the ramp to Aria/Vdara. Keep in the middle lane because you'll basically circle past Aria onto Vdara. TRICKY!SERVICE:I've never checked in here, but I noticed the lines aren't excruciatingly long like they are at MGM or Mandalay. Limit 4 cards per room, but the names on the room can always get additional cards later. They are, however, RIDICULOUSLY SLOW with delivering housekeeping related items to the room. My party had to wait over an hour for towels after calling 3 times (my friend was stuck in the shower without a clean towel!). If you're going to cram, I'd suggest bringing your OWN towels. ROOM:I love the layout of the room, and the bathroom is a MAJOR plus. There is a shower head attached to the stand alone tub. Genius! There are two TVs in the room and a small kitchen area. Great for storing those munchies! Apparently only premium rooms get Keurig machines..bummer! The middle class folks deserved coffee too! Escape the smokey casinos and stay at Vdara. You won't regret it!
4	Chose a non-gaming facility (on purpose since husband works for a casino) that was still conveniently close to all the new stuff.  I'm the type who is open to all experiences (last year I had an itch to stay downtown, Golden Gate) and this was a wonderful experience, I'm pleased to announce. We drove and so we did valet (didn't bother us since we only intended to drive in when we arrived and leave when we checked out). Service was quick and efficient. Check in was also quick and efficient (around 6 P.M. on a Wed). We did request an upper level room and then we "$20 sandwiched it" for one with a view of the strip. Wow, that was worth it. Whole wall of windows that was fantastic. Room was clean and well appointed. We ordered room service for breakfast (pricey, it is room service in Vegas after all) and were impressed with the way they came in and set it all up for us. Even poured ice water and laid out cute little condiments for us. Took a while for them to pick it up but when they finally did, they even left extra bottles of water for us. Overall, a very pleasant stay. P.S. Found it a little creepy/weird that housekeeping "artfully" rearranged our toiletries. Didn't just put them aside neatly, but rather created art with them.
5	What a great hotel! We booked through a third party, having stayed at Luxor (1-2 stars), and Cosmopolitan (5 stars) on prior stints in LV. We were in a suite that had a kitchenette with two small fridges (no freezer, 1 fridge was the mini bar), 2 burner cooktop and microwave. It'd be nice if the kitchenette had a roll of paper towels, dishsoap and some basic tools (the way the bathroom does) since we did prepare a little food and snacks in the room. You have to ask for plates and flatware but they'll deliver it, our turnaround time was a few hours which was fine, we were at the pool anyway. Our media center was a bit wonky...we brought a 360 for netflix and video games as well as a few dvds (the point of this trip was to relax and lounge, not gamble and get drunk...I've def done those trips!). It was easy to hook up but only certain dvds worked, we kept getting "unsupported video format" errors even though the xbox menu worked.  Since the WiFi is a browser login prompt, we couldn't login on the xbox but it was easy on my tablet and phone. Tv picture was great, faces the bed flanked by the dining table and couch. The bathroom mirror reflects it so you can also watch from the tub with the door open. Bed was super comfy, white bedding that smelled bleachy-clean (that sounds bad but I like it). Electronic shade and blackout shade. The front desk was very accommodating; they lent us a 360 controller when we forgot ours, it already had batteries. The flatware was delivered. Someone fell at the pool on the third floor. The staff (10 present or so half hour before closing) were concerned and alert to his situation. Hottub is big, fits 10-15 comfortably. Cabanas available with tvs and fans. Pool is heated and by heated I mean bathwater. Very pleasant even in the shade aria can throw on it in the late afternoon. Food and drink allowed in plastic. Nice big pool beds and lounge chairs. Towels provided. Bar counter, possibly a few snacks available. We were also carded before boarding the elevator a few times so it seems lile they keep track of who's supposed to be in the bldg. Geographically, it's not on the strip. It's behind (and connected to) Bellagio, across the street from Aria. It has no gaming (a plus for me) & is nonsmoking. It's huge, 56 floors so it's easy to blend in and be anonymous. My biggest draw pulling me back to this hotel would be the service. It's world class. I loved cosmopolitan too, I think their bathrooms were a little nicer (i like the special door for the toilet). But vdara has the best soaking tub which I used every single day. I'd return for sure. This isn't worth the money if you don't plan on spending time in the room but we spent almost all our time in the room. A+.
5	I still like this place a heck of a lot and am looking forward to going back -- great rooms at a decent price, and we like the atmosphere.  This said, one sour note on recent trip:  They have really cut back the food menu at the Vdara Bar.  Bummer since it is a cool bar and really the only place in hotel to grab a bite.By the way, some have noted that Vdara is valet parking only.  As someone who is not keen on valet parking, even when it is complimentary, I observe that you can (and we did) park at the Aria self-park.  No problem and a simple enough walk.
5	Beautiful modern hotel. Non smoking with no casino, a nice break from the strip! Rooms were amazing. Kitchenette, motorized window treatments, amazing bed and pillow, two tvs with all sorts of inputs. Checked in and lady asked if it was a special occasion. It was anniversary so we mentioned that. Few hours later a hand written note from her and a bottle of champagne arrived at our door. We also had a rebate on resort fee at checkout (not sure if that was related or what, but I didnt complain!)Friendly staff, good valet team, nice new hotel. I approve and will be back!
5	This is probably among the best hotels out there. Our suite was elegant and tastefully decorated, the furniture and bed were super-comfy, the bathroom spacious and inviting, and we really liked the longish private hallway leading into our suite. The dining table and almost full kitchen were great for bringing food from restaurants back to the suite to enjoy in peace and quiet. 3pm check-out was great and much appreciated. Only downside was no self-parking. We like to take several car trips a day and cumbersome car access (all valet is cumbersome if you like to slip and in ou of your car several times a day) is a major inconvenience for us.
3	Another fun staycation. I'm just glad it was free! The room was clean and spacious enough for us. We let them know ahead of time that we would need to use the sofa bed and they assured us that it would have a blanket, sheets and pillows, but it didn't. The sofa bed was not comfortable and flimsy. The following morning were able to get room service to set the bed up right. It still wasn't comfy, but at least had sheets and such. The regular bed was comfy and roomy. Room service spoiled me with a bag of yummy caramel popcorn that I couldn't put down. The kitchen area is nice if you bring your own pots, pans, utensils and food! The kitchen was bare. I didn't plan on cooking a meal anyway so found it useless. There is a small stove-top yet no coffee maker? I didn't get that. At least at a "motel" I would have had a coffee maker and coffee/tea packets complimentary. The fridge was stocked, but I didn't get anything from it since it is overpriced. Be careful when opening these fridges because if you even pick something up to look at, the sensor will know and charge your room for it. There is a cafe, bar, starbucks and of course room service for food options, but nothing else as far as I could see for dining. At least there are other hotels within City Center to check out dining options at and of course shopping. I can't say I would recommend this place to anyone but if you get the chance to stay here for free, do it!
5	My boyfriend and I stayed here last weekend and had such a beautiful time. We stayed in the basic room, but it was now there near basic.  Super comfy beds, a separate seating area, mini kitchen, separate bathroom and tub with plenty of counter space. We're looking forward to staying here for all future Vegas trips :)
5	In a word: CLASSY. My first trip to Vegas (on marathon weekend) was a mixed bag. Robert Klein at Suncoast (in Summerlin, a 50 buck cab ride each way if you tip) was great. I've met so many people from all over America, including a lovely couple from Kentucky with three girls and a couple grandkids and a British couple (both engineers) with whom I planned to meet yesterday but couldn't because the Strip was closed. This is THE BEST hotel room of its kind I've ever been. You can't compare hotels like the W or Vdara to Ritz Carlton/Four Seasons traditional upscale resorts, but for this style of hotel, it's without question the best I've ever stayed. But I have never been to a W that could compare to the beauty of this room, 75 feet larger than the studio I live 3 months a year in Manhattan. The kitchen and bathroom impart an instant sense of well-being. I truly do not want to leave and feel gypped because I checked in at 12:39. It's the best bed, the best linens and the best view. I would not change a thing in this brilliantly designed and decorated room except for this really ugly green leaf picture above the desk. That's bizarre and out of place.At the pool, which is stunning and enormous though a bit too warm at 84 degrees for real exercise, all I could think about was how my life would be complete if someday I cold afford 570 feet like this on the Upper East Side. The Vdara doesn't have its own casino and restaurants: you walk to the next place over--the Aria--for food and gambling. But this is like the non-Las Vegas Vegas resort. The bimbo factor is extremely low. Women look like professionals, except of course what I was told had to be hookers in the City Bar and on one couch going to the elevators. The two women were clownish with bad platinum extensions, horrific footwear (pink rhinestone platform heels about 6 or 7 inches) and fake tits which looked like they were made of steel. City Bar played SUCH great 1980s and 1990s music. No music in the Vdara is loud and I think if you're a mature 30-year-old or middle-aged (45 and up), this has to be the best game in town. Note: If you book through Travelzoo, they give you a not good room. In the words of the terrific man at the desk who took pity on me as I arrived like something the cat dragged in at 12:39 AM, you get the "suckiest room we have." Ha. But he gave me a room on the 6th floor and without the deal, it would have been 119 plus 25 resort fee. I paid 79 and 25. But even at 150/nt, it's a steal! It's  my DREAM APARTMENT (other than the unfortunate an inescapable fact that it's in Vegas and not CA/NY). Room service is predictably pricey. Market Cafe is not good: see my review this morning on the worst cup of coffee I've had in a restaurant or hotel in all my life and the deplorable service and high prices. But this is a minor problem. I'm sure there are other places to get coffee and Starbucks Via would be fine. You could come here and write, read, reflect in peace and use the kitchen to stock up on Whole Foods or the equivalent, making it a modestly-priced luxurious escape. I am in love and do NOT want to go back to CA at 8:35 PM. I could get so much reading and writing done here. I'd unplug and take a break in the pool and resume work. It may sound odd to come to Vegas to work (write), but I would love to bring 6 books here and catch up on reading. The ideal writer's retreat.
4	First thing I noticed walking in was the wonderful light, floral fragrance which is such a great contrast to the smokey environment in so many of the other hotels.  This non-gaming facility is perfect for a family vacation or if you're just looking for a more relaxed escape (yes, Vegas isn't all about casinos and partying).Fantastic location right in the middle of the strip with direct access into Bellagio. 24/7 security checking key cards by the elevators to ensure only guests are going up.  The suite we were in had large windows with a beautiful view, convenient electric blinds, free water bottles, spacious bathroom with a separate shower and bathtub, good wifi connection, and a very comfy bed.A couple minor negatives would be the water pressure - I love having strong hot showers!  And the other being the resort fee of $30/day that you may not be aware of when you book this hotel online.  If we had included that cost in the total cost of the hotel per night, we may not have chosen this hotel when comparing on the travel sites.
1	This hotel customer service is going down fast. The service at the counter is really bad, staff's attitude is extremely terrible! Their knowledge of checking customer in and out is lacking. Room is not available even after 3 PM. The room is with kitchen but nothing is provided except two water glasses, not even mug! Don't waste your vacation by coming here!
5	SO FANCY AND CLASSY HOTEL!We stayed in VDARA SUITE for the weekend, although its a lil bit expensive but its worth every $$$$$ that we paid for. The receptionist, Robbie was so helpful and very accommodating, hats off to you!Vdara suite is a 1 bedroom suite that has its own washer and dryer, a fancy kitchen and kitchenwares was provided to us as well,so no worries!nice!The bed was so comfortable and so floppy,made us sleep longer.I'm gonna give credit to their valet staff, they were all professionals and accomodating as well!We will come back again in this hotel, no doubt!
5	The joy of staying at a new, clean, and contemporary hotel is priceless. Well, not really priceless given you are in Las Vegas. After having stayed at the Vdara a few times over the years it's time for a attaboy. I had the pleasure to spend three nights in an executive corner suite for about $180 a night all in (including tax, resort fee, and whatever else they tack on these days). The 50th floor room has great views all over south Las Vegas. Vdara is a no-casino resort, which makes getting in and out easy and quick. It's a bit of hassle to get to Cosmo or Aria as there are not directly linked from within the property. I do enjoy the Vdara because they offer great rooms at affordable prices in the middle of the new center of Las Vegas. The 800+ sqft suite has well appointed amenities including a big fridge and washer/dryer combo. The perfect place to have 6-8 people over for pre-dinner entertainment. I noticed the staff to be very courteous from valet staff to house keeping to room service. Thank you Vdara for a great stay - we'll be back.
5	I stayed at Vdara this weekend and loved it! Vdara is a new hotel that is very clean and modern. The room we had was much bigger than the average hotel room. There's a entry room which includes: a microwave,  sink, oven top, fully stocked fridge, and cabinet space. After the entry room, you get to the bedroom which has a comfortable bed, a flat screen TV, a couch, and glass windows on one side; which provides you with a panoramic view of the city. The bathroom is huge and includes a large soaking bathtub, and a stand up shower. The room is equipped with dim lighting and button control curtains.This hotel doesn't have a casino, but I found that refreshing. The last thing a person wants to do is get lost in the hotel that they're staying in. The fact that it didn't have a casino made it really easy for us to navigate through. This hotel is very close to neighboring hotels, and it also includes a tram that takes you to Aria and the Bellagio. The staff was very friendly and helpful, and we would definitely stay here again.
5	Stayed here for my 27th birthday weekend    About a week ago and loved it. Our room was 47002. It was a comer suit that had wrap around windows throughout the room ! The view was amazing, day and night ! However the night view was my favorite due to the beautiful lights and Bellagio fountain show ! Aside from the amazing views the room was very modern, clean, simple and just fun to be in. The bed was comfy and big. The pillows were supper comfortable ! And the tv was perfect for watching a movie ($12) late at night when you come back to the room just tired and ready to rest and relax . The bathroom was pretty awesome too the bathtub was beautiful and inviting, just looking at it made you want to take a bath :) the room also had controllable curtain which was nice for privacy and also to keep the room dark in the morning to sleep in :) just the push of a button away.Room service was nice and convenient . The prices were steep but any dinner in Vagas is just getting to enjoy it in your own room was comfortable and relaxing. We tried the chicken wings and chicken strips one night (pretty good) and for breakfast we tried the breakfast burrito, French toast and tomato soup with sides of country potatoes. ( potatoes were kinda bland. Breakfast burrito was ok . The tomato soup was ok. The French toast was good. A little to sweet, I think the bread slices were pound cake ? ) every meal was brought up with pitchers of ice cold water and plates and sliver wear.Overall we had a great three night stay in Las Vegas. Vdara had a lot to due with it! Just a great place to come home to after days of long walks and nights of enjoying the nightlife ! Marquee at the Cosmopolitan was a good ten minute walk even if it was 3am with heels on lol worth it !
2	Alright, so I've been to the strip once before and I've seen MUCH better than this. I'll list my pros and cons otherwise I'll be here all day typing.****PROS:- Location: Middle of the strip, Bellagio is literally attached to the building. - No casino/smoking (Not sure if this is pro/con? I don't care either way)- Door bell to your room! haha- BEAUTIFUL room. (Deluxe Suite) The whole setup is gorgeous. Walk in from the door with a kitchen, dining table, living room/bed which is split between a wall with two TV's on each side. There's a window that stretches from each end of the room. The bathroom has a HUGE tub with a shower head AND a separate shower. With GREAT lighting. Also, the bathroom has a magnified mirror for all you beautiful ladies! A blow dryer, cotton, q-tips, wonderful smelling shampoo/conditioner/bodywash- SO MUCH sink space- Ice machine on every floor- Friendly staff!- A safe that is EASY to operate (you know some places are difficult)- Electric curtains, let's get fancy (which blocked out light pretty well)- Reading light above bed- Room service ALWAYS came within reason- Touch-sensored housekeeping/do not disturb sign- Lighting had dimmers- 35% discount on Zarkana through Vdara****CONS:- The bathroom right beside the bedroom?- NO DISHES? You must call them to bring it up, didn't wait long - but still annoying. Their excuse is they're a "green" hotel.- Fridge is TINY. Cannot even fit doggy bags.- If you're cheap like me, DO NOT OPEN THE LEFT SIDE OF THE FRIDGE. EVERYTHING IN THERE IS WEIGHED, did you catch that?! EVERYTHING IS WEIGHED, YOU MOVE IT, YOU PAY. I found that out the hard way. And TOLD them to ERASE my charge. Also, I had a water bottle missing, which I told them as well, so you may want to look and see if everything is there. - Water pressure in the bathroom sink?- Bed was SO uncomfortable and the sheets suck - Bad combination, I was freezing my entire sleep.- Drawer space?? 3 drawers, and a few tiny shelves. Ridiculous.- Their complimentary waters, I thank you for the miniature bottles that held nothing in it.- NO coffee maker, but there's coffee mugs..... Ok.- EXPENSIVE! And for what. This hotel is not that great. Just because they love the earth doesn't mean they should over charge. They love what's in our wallets too.- Resort fee, see told you they love our money.Will I stay here again? No absolutely not. It was a nice hotel and all, but if it wasn't for the conference I attended here, you would have never seen me pay that kind of money. Nope. Vdara got lucky.
4	I have been to many different very nice Las Vegas Hotel.  This one is different.  For one, the room is big.  We reserved the Vdara suite and this room has a kitchen (with a big subzero fridge and everything that you can think of in the kitchen), living room, dining room, and even a room with washing machine and dryer in it.  The hotel is not big, it does not offer buffet or casino in it, but you can take a 5 minutes walk to Aria Hotel (its affiliate hotel) next door.  Over there there is a pretty nice buffet and other different restaurants and also casino where you can gamble at.Especially recommended for family with children to stay in this hotel. Another good thing about this hotel is you don't have to wait long for picking up valet parking like most other hotels in Vegas. Your car come almost immediately after you present your ticket, which saves you a lot of time.
4	Awesome! Simply awesome! As far as convenience is concerned, it's located right on the strip. As far as the suite, it was very luxurious with amazing views of the Las Vegas strip.  Got a great package that came with a $75. gift card and the customer service was very good.  Would definitely recommend.
4	When you're beyond a certain age - let's say 30 (sobs) - a place like Vdara can make a Vegas trip a bit more bearable. As a younger lad, I always wanted noisy, loud hotels to accompany my noisy, loud Vegas one-night trips. Now that I'm older and need more time to recover, I appreciate a place like Vdara. It's close to the strip and other louder hotels like the Cosmo, yet because there's no casino and only one bar, it feels quaint and almost charming. Stumbling home after a night out hurts way less when you walk into a quiet, nicely kept hotel with clean and spacious rooms.Great staff, too.
4	Vdara is a nice choice if you're looking to stay at a non-gaming hotel. The entire property is non-smoking and you get a slight floral scent as you enter the hotel.I stayed here on two separate occasions in the same week. I packed once for both trips and just left my luggage with the bell desk in between my stays. I flew back a day later and retrieved my luggage without any issue.The rooms come with, at minimum, a mini-fridge. Couches are pull-outs. The rooms are pretty spacious.If you plan on clubbing, it's a short walk to Marquee. This property neighbors Aria and the Cosmo so you're not too far from some entertainment.
4	Excellent room service! 4.5/5!This is my 3rd time staying at this hotel and I still love staying here!Absolutely love the interior design; very modernize, sleek, and simple. I personally don't like interior design to be TOO colorful, and too much things going on at the same time. The room is very new and Vdara had maintained the room very nice and clean. It's a non-smoking hotel, so for those anti-cigs ppl, this should be your first choice if you're planning to visit vegas. This time I've also tried the room service( since i went during the thanksgiving weekend, everywhere is SO PACKED.... :\)We ordered 2 entree and 2 appetizers; it took them 30 minutes to deliver it to my room, not too bad huh?The food was delicious! we had chicken quasadilla, french onion soup, chicken sandwich with fries, and shrimp and pork penne. the presentation and the flavor were flawless. and total only cost us around 70ish dollars. I guess its not TOO expensive for room service?One more thing, me and my girl got too drunk on the last night at vegas :p, and we wanted to request a late check out. So they gave us one extra hour (till 12pm), without any extra charge :D I guess Vdara does try their best to make you have a wonderful experience while you stay with them. The ONLY cons i dont like about this hotel is that it doesnt have a casino at the first floor. So if you want to gamble you would need to go to either Aria, which located right next to Vdara; or you will need to go on the strip.
4	I booked a deluxe suite in vdara for this past weekend for two nights and I realllllllly like this hotel. I was a little worried at first because it is a little off the strip behind cosmo but honestly, its not an issue at all. You can walk through cosmo super easily and get to the strip and everything else. And if you can't you were probably going to cab it anyways.I love modern and clean and windows and open space. And this weekend when I came they already had up their christmas decor which I also loved! It made me feel so happy!!!!! :D The suite opened up and theres the kitchen area with the microwave, sink, refrigerator and stove. (Lets be real we weren't actually gonna cook ) but the fridge is good for storing alchyyy ;)I liked this room bc we had a few girls in there and they had plenty of mirrors both full length and normal. The bathroom was nice. a separate tub and shower with a sliding door. to separate it from the bedroom. The couch turns into a sofa bed as well so you could fit 5 girls in there somewhat comfortably. Our room was a freaking mess though hahaha. Will be back in two weeks! woot!
3	I'm ok with this Vegas hotel - what I do like, is that it's sorta away from the strip and slightly quieter than the ones on the strip. A plus, it's a non-smoking hotel and it's close enough to everything that you can hoof it.The valet is awesome. They have waters for you, as well as a little spot that has air conditioning if it's too hot, and they're efficient where you're not waiting forever for your car. If you need a bellboy, person, girl, hop? (hah what's the PC term now?), they're in abundance and waiting to take your luggage as you check in, and ready to be sent up to your room.Easy check-in and check-out. You can use your room tv to check out (which was awesome!) Check-in was awesome, since I was able to ask for an upgrade (free) woohoo!! So it was a slightly bigger room and on the corner of the property so you have a fantastic view of something - depending on what part of the area you're in. Plus we got a full refrigerator, microwave, and almost a half kitchen (because there are no stoves), but they have plates, cups, utensils and a coffee maker stocked with coffee. Not that you're gonna be cooking and stuff, but it's great to have all those amenities available. Also, there was a washer and dryer if you feel like doing laundry.The rooms come with a pull out couch (which was terribly uncomfortable, so some people ended up just sleeping on the floor instead). hehe So sorry peeps! But we had a king sized bed, and a pretty sizable bathroom filled with your normally toiletries, nothing too special. In addition, we had a 1/2 bathroom in the living room, so sharing the room was a bit more comfortable.However, when hoofing around Vdara, it's quite a trek, because there is no direct route in there - you have to go through the city center to the aria, then to vdara or from the other side, you enter through the Cosmopolitan. So if you're wanting some exercise, this hotel is perfect. The swimming pool is kinda small for such a large hotel, by Vegas standards. We ended up hitting up day clubs instead. :) There's no casino - boo! Overall I wouldn't mind staying here again. We got a pretty decent deal off Jetsetter. It's nice and clean.
5	I love this hotel! I am never disappointed in their service and their willingness to make proper accommodations when requested. The rooms are spacious and clean with great views.  I also enjoy the fact that they don't have a casino in their lobby. This is my go to hotel each and every time that I am in Vegas.
5	Stayed at the Vdara Hotel last month and I was overwhelmed with the friendly staff and exceptionally clean room. I recommend if you're able to book more than 1 night...do so !!!
4	We literally just needed a hotel to stay at for one night before we headed to the Grand Canyon earlier this year. I found a deal that got us a room at the Vdara for a decent price and decided to just book it. When we arrived the lobby, was GORGEOUS! And smelled amazing! Quiet and intimate, no hustle and bustle of a loud casino (don't get me wrong i LOVE that sound, but it was refreshing to be in a different setting). The front desk staff was attentive and friendly, and the check in process was efficient and simple.The room was beautiful. We were in a Deluxe suite which was PLENTY of room for the three of us. There was a king sized bed with a pull out queen sofa. We had expansive windows with a great view of the bellagio fountains. As soon as we got there, a show was starting so of course we all whipped out our cameras and got a great view. The weird thing was, we also had a view of another rooms bedroom and since both our blinds were open at that time, we were able to watch some guy getting ready for bed and texting while in bed. super awkward? yeah. The room had a mini kitchenette - we didn't use it, but there was a sink, microwave, and fridge and it had a bit of counterspace which would have been nice had we stayed longer. The bathroom had a shower and a tub, which was nice. The nice thing about this hotel is that since there's no casino within the actual hotel, it's priced a bit lower than other hotels in the area. It's "off the strip" in that it doesn't spit you out onto las vegas blvd from it's front door, but it's right behind the cosmopolitan which is on the strip. There's a walkway that will get you to the Bellagio, which is amazing for my future trips since that was my favorite gambling spot (and I may not always want to spend the extra cash to stay there). And, you can easily walk to the Aria. Along with the rest of the hotels on the strip (or the ones I've looked at), valet parking is complimentary if you're staying there. We had rented a van for our journey to Grand Canyon when we got into Vegas that night, so that was a nice convenience.  Overall, we really enjoyed our stay and would have been happy staying there the rest of our trip (though the Bellagio was obviously magnificent!) We're planning our next trip already for a few months from now, and the Vdara is definitely one of the top two places we are thinking of staying!
2	Think Aria, but without the sparkle, gambling, restaurants and impeccable service.  This place apparently was built as condos, but is being used as a hotel until the market turns around?  Our room was very nice, but was not cleaned or replenished once (not even the water for which we were automatically charged) during our weekend stay.  It had a studio style kitchen, complete with cook top, but we walked and a couple of times took the admittedly convenient monorail) to Aria and Cosmopolitan for all of our meals.  If you're looking for a nice room and want to pay for extra frills you're not going to get, stay at Vdara.  Otherwise, stay at Aria or Cosmo.
2	It feels homey- however lacks a 5 star hotel feel- the price and perks of Vdara is utterly not as well as most of the 5star North and south hotels I have stayed in.I lived for 2 nights with a view upgrade- (I checkout tomorrow)Con1)view is fair- most of the scene is rather distant2) Noise- sirens and engines can be heard clearly- what's really bad however is a sucking/whirring noise at the bottom of the ?power plant?3)1 bed standard+1 sofa bed 4) Bath tub- terrible architecture- prevents you from lying down comfortably and sinks you 5) Controls for lights and shade is located near the front door unlike other hotels which is next to the bed6) dialing room service can sometimes put you on an answering machine7) Room service can be rather slow- :/ waited 20mins for towels to shower in the morning8)the shade doesn't block the sunlight all the way- it leaks a lot of light into the room on the sides- ruining my sleep9)1MBPS speed wifi... Any faster is $15.95 per nightPro:They have an electric stove and fridge
4	The hotel is beautiful. The suites are very modern, functional and comfortable. The staff has for the most has been helpful, the woman at the front desk named Jessie especially. I am definitely considering staying here in the future.
5	The best hotel we have ever stayed at & this review is long overdue. We stayed here over 2 years ago 1 week after we got engaged. The room was a dream come true. Huge, 2 bathrooms, doors that separate rooms...even a full size fridge!Love that it's a no gambling hotel. I hate the smell of smoke, so this hotel is perfect! :D
5	I wanted to book my room at a newer Las Vegas hotel and the Vdara is by far one of the better new ones. It is located next to Cosmopolitan and Aria. Here are the details:Pros:-free valet parking.-gym and spa.-no casinos.-priced competitively.Conclusion: New favorite hotel in Las Vegas
5	Still a great place to stay in Vegas. Location is prime since it's right next to Cosmopolitan. No casino, so you don't get the smoke smell. Lastly, they have added DOG friendly rooms! This is really great whenever I decide to take the pups to Vegas!!!
5	AWESOME. There are not many places in Vegas that are non smoking and you don't exit the elevator into the sound of slots. Vdara has both of those. add in great service, beautiful rooms, a great pool area, a well located property and competitive prices and you have a fantastic getaway in Vegas.
3	After staying at the Cosmopolitan last week for 3 days I think in kind of spoiled: :-(.I'm comparing item for item though:The room was not well cleaned, surfaces had glass and hand marks, bed was caving in, toiletries awful bring your own, bedding was soft but very worn, sliding bathroom door did not work, fitness center was good, customer service was nothing special.The view was amazing though, we had a suite , with incredible views to the east and south of Las Vegas. We are on the 49th floor so if you are going to stay try to get a floor that's up high. Oh yes I would say one good thing is no casino which means no smoke and no noise from people getting in late and  partying.Hands-down if I could choose between the Cosmopolitan and this hotel I would say I'm going back to the Cosmopolitan!
5	this wasn't my first time to Vegas but it was my first staying at Vdara.  For the past 15 years, since i turned 21, I've been to LV about 15+ times and each time i don't stayed at the same hotel because i wanted to try and experience all the nice one there.For the price that i paid recently for Weekdays stay of 2 nights, it was cheap for 5 Stars hotel.  I booked the 270 degree city corner suite after seeing a few YouTube video reviews of the room.  Let me tell you seeing the video is NOTHING COMPARED to the real thing.  This room is excellent condition being still new and the surrounding view INCLUDING in the bathroom was just additional PLUS to the whole experience.The bed bit dusty and so is the side table in the bedroom but it could probably mean not many people stay recently.  I'm sure it gets packed in holidays soon.  personally the cost of this in the holiday is ridiculous and i wouldn't pay for it BUT at the price level of $140/nt, it was great.the only downside i hate in LV with all the hotel is the resort fee of $25/nt plus tax (yah...no kidding) so came out to additional of $28 on top of the room cost BUT it did include 2 small water bottles a day and free wifi throughout the stay.I would stay here again, it's a NON-Casino hotel so very peaceful quiet, smoke free and easily connection to Aria across the street OR internal connection 5-7 mins walk to Bellagio.The pics to the room i stayed at was FREE upgrade to Executive Corner Suite vs the regular one.  I asked the front desk for complimentary since it was my bday so the manager approved this room.  worked out great.  I would have been happy with the one i booked though cuz it was similar but minimal less sq ft than this.
4	Since it was originally supposed to be for apartments/condos, the rooms are really nice here. I would rank it as one of the best rooms I've ever stayed in. It is like the trump though, in that it is mainly just for the room. It doesn't have a casino downstairs and food is limited at the actual hotel, so you would need to venture off for more options.
4	This is a really beautiful hotel with kind and attentive staff. We've stayed here twice so far. The first time, upon check in, we were immediately upgraded (without asking) to a corner suite. This room was gorgeous! Full kitchen, separate bath, bedroom, and living and dining rooms. Last time we checked in, we were given the same room as someone else. Summer fixed the mistake fast and gave us a room on the 43rd floor looking over the Bellagio fountains! While not as big as the first time we were here, it was gorgeous and comfortable and we were able to totally relax!I love that it's smoke free. It always seems quiet and in my opinion, it's in a great spot. It never hurts to get a little exercise.Also, in the afternoon, there is an absolutely wonderful, kind woman working in the Market Cafe with a beautiful smile and has always been so friendly and helpful!We can't wait for our next visit!
4	Pros:   Friendly Service   Family and Pet Friendly (No Casino/Smoking)   Cozy Hotel, Easy to Navigate   Starbucks, Bar/Lounge, Small Convenience Store and Cafe downstairs   Nice Decor and Views!Cons:   One big issue I had is their window blackout blinds, don't completely black out the room, so in the mornings when the suns a shining you'll probably get some in your eye.. NOT cool if your hungover from last night
2	Great location if that is all that is important to you. Service is really bad!!!! Water pressure sucks!!! This place obviously don't care about customer service!!! Vdara is dog friendly but that's the only good thing I have to say about the hotel
4	Vdara is definitely worth the bang for your buck!!It's a lot cheaper staying here than Cosmo and Aria and I feel like the ambiance and rooms are just as good. You can definitely get rates here as low as $100 a night even on a weekend night. We stayed here on a Saturday night and the rate was only $109 a night!! Worth it!!!Upon arrival, one of the things I've noticed is that they don't have a self parking structure like most Vegas hotels and valet only. Since we were only staying one night, I didn't mind the valet. The people here are very courteous and nice and check in was a breeze. The decor of the hotel is nice and modern. I really like the interior of the hotel. Nice and simple. The rooms here are one of the nicest I've seen! The kitchenette has a stove top and separate sink and also had a little dining area!!! It was super convenient to have especially since we togo a whole pizza from Cosmo and got to enjoy it in the dining area!! It also has a separate living area with a pull out couch which I really liked! The only downside to this hotel is that it's a lot smaller than most major Vegas hotels and it doesn't have a casino. I need my gambling if I'm staying in LV so I need my slots and craps tables. Also, it doesn't have much dining options as well. The hotel is SUPER small so if you're staying here more than one night, get ready to trek across the street to Aria or Cosmo to get your dining or gambling fix bc you're not going to get it here.Other than that, if I need to stay at a hotel for a short time, I won't mind staying here again!
5	This place is sweet. Complimentary valet, non smoking, need I say more?The breakfast is and guest services is amazing, me an my new fiance have no complaints.The rates are great even during BIG weekends.Will return!
4	Just got back from a 3-day stay at Vdara. Booked a city-corner suite and got one (upgrade trick did not work), and the first night we were given "the only available" suite at 6th floor, facing the pool. I would say if it's in the summer, the view must be good, but for winter..... Anyway, the front desk girl was willing to help out so she checked with the manager and offered some credit and put me on the list to move to higher floor city-corner. I had to move on the 2nd day to a much higher floor and man, day and night difference. From the other side of the building, we had the Bellaggio fountain view and could see the mountains etc. No "strip view" per se, since everything else is pretty much blocked by the Cosmopolitan. Anyway, suite was spacious with 2-sink bathroom, had kitchen range, microwave, fridge and even washer and dryer.Enough for the room, as for the location, it's not really ideal. The hotel is barely a hotel, nothing more, so if you are for the entertainment, you need to go out to other hotel/casino. It's connected to Bellagio via a sky bridge, and you will need to walk for a good 15-20 min to reach the connection to Balllys and Caesars. And if you want to walk along Las Vegas Blvd, then you have to walk another block towards Hamon Ave. So it's a lot of vein walking. The hotel itself has only a full size restaurant Silk Road, a market cafe, a starbucks and one tiny lounge bar, that's it, no theater, no casino, no night clubs. You will be surprised by its small size (due to the narrow lot it was built on) if you have stayed at other venues before. My 2 cents, if you want a good and quiet rest in suites, stay at Vdara; otherwise choose others.
4	I had a great stay. The room was clean, high tech, the bed was comfortable, and there was a kitchenette which always comes in handy. Also, I couldn't hear my neighbors. At all! Oh and there's a doorbell to the room. How fancy! The only thing was that darn sofa bed. That thing belongs in the dumpster, not a luxury hotel. The hotel might as well not have a sofa bed in the room. No way someone could have a comfortable nights sleep on that. The plan was for my daughter and I to sleep on the room bed and my sister on the sofa bed. The sofa bed was so uncomfortable, we all slept on the main bed.  Just a note: There weren't any extra sheets for the sofa bed. Also, I had to call housekeeping to get extra towels. The room was only stocked with two bath towels and two floor towels. (No hand/face towels). Not a huge deal, but just fyi.
1	I was impressed with the rooms and the location.  I was pleased that there was not a casino at this location.  These are the pros. When we arrived, I placed my luggage on the kitchen counter since it was higher than the table (and I'm tall so it was easier to look in it). Unfortunately when they turned the unit,  they left the electric stove top on but it doesn't turn red so I didn't know it was on.  Part of my luggage was touching the stove top and it caught on fire.  They reimbursed me for the damages and they were semi caring.  What was worrisome was that the room filled up with smoke and the smoke alarms never went off! I am concerned that this may happen again in the future and something tragic happens.  My next call will be to the fire marshall!
4	3.5 stars.It's a clean hotel. No smoke and it smells great. This hotel is usually the hotel of choice for my coworkers and I when we go to Vegas. Valet is pretty quick and the walk isn't too far to front desk and guest elevators.The bath tub is a bit small for me (I'm 6'2)There isn't any good options for coffee though and it gets kind of boring at night since there isn't a casino. I usually just walk to Aria for that.Wouldn't be my most ideal choice for a hotel stay but when I get special rates I would definitely stay here.
1	Booked 4 rooms.  Only one of rooms was ready at 3PM as promised.  Waited in the lobby for 2 hours to check in.  After receiving key, attempted to enter room but key failed.  Went all the way to lobby, waited in line, and received new key.  Went back up and all the way to end of hall and attempted to enter again.  Key failed again.  Waited 30m or more for security, still waiting.I will not book here again, period.Edit:  Security personnel arrived and finally got in.
2	My husband and I are retired professionals and long time mLife members who travel frequently to Las Vegas (10-12 times per year). We typically stay at the MGM but have recently begun to explore the other MGM properties. We have enjoyed Mandalay Bay, New York New York, Aria, and The Signature. This year, we booked a penthouse at the Vdara for a 4-day, New Year's Eve stay. While the staff was extremely gracious and helpful and the room was furnished stylishly, we were very disappointed with what we encountered once we settled in. We had to request the basic amenities - washcloths were not provided, the mini-bar was empty (although we never use it, we didn't want to be charged for the missing items), the bathrobes had no belts/ties, the kitchen had no cleaning supplies (dish towels, soap, dishwasher soap). We were provided with wine glasses upon request, but were told there would be a charge for providing champagne flutes. We asked three times for paper towels but could not get them so we had to use the bathroom towels to dry our dishes.  The 2-quart trashcan in the kitchen did not even hold a small take-out containers so trash had to be placed on the floor. Coffee was provided but no sugar/creamer packets were included. A washer and dryer came with the room, but no laundry soap. Although we requested the missing items, we only received the washcloths, dish soap and wine glasses.The bathroom has almost no counter space for toiletries. Although we were encouraged to save energy and reuse our bathroom towels, there was only one small hook over the sink (no towel racks at all). The Internet, while "free" with the $25-per day resort free, took more than 20 minutes each day to establish he 1Mbs connection. We are not picky people, but were surprised that Vdara chose style without considering the essentials. We certainly would not classify this as a penthouse experience nor a Forbes 4-Star Hotel as the advertising indicated. Needless to say, we will not stay at Vdara again. For those looking for a condo-like experience, we highly recommend the Signature at MGM. All of the basic amenities are provided at check-in (washcloths, kitchen supplies, etc. coffee, creamer, sugar, salt, pepper), the bathroom, living room, kitchen and bedroom are far more spacious and less costly than Vdara.
3	Vdara is a non-smoking property without a casino.  If this is cool with you, then continue to read.Well I was really excited until I saw my room.  If you're thinking it's Vegas and it's going to be amazing, it's not.  It's nice enough with a microwave and small fridge, but this is nothing like what you've seen on any reality tv show.The bathroom had great lighting which is something that most hotel bathrooms lack.  And the shower had a seat built into the wall in case you have the need to sit.The bed is on one side of the room divided by a wall with a television on the bed side and a dimly lit sitting area on the other side.Vdara has a small gym which has rather inconvient hours---6 to 6, I believe.  If you'd like to eat, you'll need to go out or visit the very lame cafe downstairs--they don't have many options.
5	This is the first time I've ever stayed at Vdara. It is a non-gambling, non-smoking hotel and resort. As an M Life member, I got a good deal on the room, so I decided to check it out. I arrived early in the morning and was able to check in with no problem well before "check in time."The room is more like a suite. It had a cooktop, a fridge, and a separate seating area with its own TV. The decor was modern and looked great. The wall of windows is certainly en vogue as well. The bathroom was large with a separate glass shower.The only complaint I'd have is that in the morning and at night I could hear music from something nearby. I thought I was high enough up, but apparently not. That wouldn't, however, keep me from staying there again.Finally, it was pretty easy to get around from Vdara using the monorail that connects from the Bellagio through Vdara to Aria/Monte Carlo. The Vdara is a comfortable respite from the craziness of Vegas and I'd definitely recommend it.
4	I stayed here for New Years Eve, and it was quite expensive and worth the day! Watch out though, if you don't know what high-end is..it means that you tip for everything! Here's a list: 1. valet (stay and leave)2. bellhop service (pick up and drop off) 3. absolutely anything brought to your room. I do have to add that the customer service is excellent though! Even with all the tip service! downstairs in the lobby, there is a small bar/dance area and a seating area. there's also a coffee shop. the whole first floor is small and everything can easily be seen from anywhere you stand. it's a short walk to the Bellagio and then to the strip, or you can use the tram in Bellagio to head the opposite way. it's a very clean hotel, very simplistic furniture to cater to the high volume of rich clients they pull in. the room is the same way, minimalist furniture with a ton of space.
5	I absolultely adore this hotel, mostly because it is non-gaming and smells like flowers, not smoke! As soon as you walk in, you notice a pleasant almost jasmine scent that causes you to want to walk into the hotel rather than turn around and run away, which is how I often feel when I walk into a smoky hotel.The staff is always friendly, and both times I have stayed here, the staff accomodated an early check-in. If you have to wait for a few minutes, you can enjoy an Illy coffee or latte at the market cafe' in the lobby or sit in one of the comfy chairs.One of my other favorite things about this hotel is that you don't have to walk through a casino to get to your hotel room, the elevators are right next to the check-in area! The rooms are all spacious suites, and there is plenty of room to spread out, set out your clothes, and store luggage. The bathrooms are spacious as well, and I love that everything always smells wonderful, not matter where you are in the hotel.The beds are comfortable, and the towels are large and fluffy. The bathtubs are enormous, and I love the glass rain showers. This is the perfect hotel if you are looking for something in the best location (perfectly in the center of the strip next to the Cosmopolitan, Aria, Bellagio, etc.) without the smoky smell of hotels with casinos. In late spring and fall, the pool is perfect. It's not overly noisy like some of the other pools, rather, it is relaxing and the service is always spot-on. This really is my new go-to hotel in Vegas.
4	Loved this place! Got upgraded as soon as we got there! Then got to extend our stay for the same price we paid the night before but for a penthouse! LOVED that their was no casino! And no smoking was good too! I would deff come back here.
5	Got the panoramic suite for my and my girlfriend and it was perfect.This suite is has a total apartment/condo feel with room, living area, kitchen, and bath all sectioned off.  Search around Youtube for a walkthrough.I never get room service, but figured experiencing it wouldn't hurt and surprisingly the food they offered at this hotel was superb!  What I love most about this room is that it is still on the strip, but pushed back a bit which takes you away from all the chaos.  Also this is a non-smoking hotel with no casino.  LOVE THAT!It is valet-only, but is complimentary.  I did tip them, but at the end of my stay.  The longest you'll wait for your car is about 10 minutes, but I'd say the longest I've ever had to wait even during checkout was 5 minutes.Such a great suite!!!
4	We recently stay here for three nights. The hotel is really built to be condos, but I guess they couldn't sell it and converted it to hotels. There's a full kitchen in our unit and even laundry. It's good for family and kids. We got a suite and unlike some of the suites we stayed at, the door to the bedroom does close completely to shut out the sound. I also like how it's directly connected to the Bellagio and we got a view of the Bellagio fountain from our room, which was pretty cool. it's walkable to all the casinos near by, which is really convenient. the decor is a bit more masculine, but I guess it's ok. we had a couple of hiccups with the staff, they don't seem to know a lot of the stuff. I hope they will get better as they become more experienced.
5	Booked two deluxe suites for veteran's day weekend and when I got there to check-in, they told me that there weren't anymore deluxe or vdara suites available due to a sudden surge of customers arriving for a conference. Bummer! But, they asked, if we would like to be upgraded to a two bedroom hospitality suite  instead? Score! Thanks for the excellent service, Vdara! This was definitely a great start to a fantastic weekend :)
3	Vegas living! Let's face it. When you're going to Vegas you're hardly going for a cushy bed and a relaxing spa experience. You're pretty much going to test the limits of your liver (in public) and return home with empty pockets. In that respect the Vdara is everything - and more - that you might need from a hotel.I'm writing this review imagining my hotel needs from a more regular sort of vacation. The Vdara is relatively new and right off the strip, the sister hotel to the more well known Aria. The location is right in the middle of the action, and most large spots are walking distance; the Bellagio is connected in a back passageway. The facilities are clean and modern, and the gym is the best I've seen in a hotel. Iced towels, personal water bottles, any machine you might need, leather seats embroidered with "The Vdara."As for the room, we stayed in a suite. The bed is up to par but the roll it sofa bed is seriously thin and wiry. If you have the misfortune to draw that straw, be sure to call room service and request a mattress pad (or two). The suite comes with a bathroom and a half, with the half bath having no towel rack. How are you supposed to dry your hands? Neither bathroom has a fan. The shower pressure is weak and the hotel shampoo/conditioner isn't great. Any girl should BYO. It seemed like a strange mix of luxury and flaws, since the suite had all the aforementioned issues while having a fancy Keurig coffee maker, a stove and a jumbo refrigerator complete with ice maker. Not sure how much use you'd get out of that in Vegas, but there you go. Overall the hotel is nice but could use some more thought invested in the utility of their setup.
3	Employing an automatic one star reduction for all hotels that invoke a mandatory "resort" fee for items (internet, newspaper, use of the property) that Motel 6 provides for free. Just include it in the price people.Regular room very nice. Awesome to have a kitchen, we had groceries delivered from Vons/Safeway to avoid having to go out for all meals. Non-smoking non-gaming environment appreciated while having several casinos within quick walking distance.Gym very nice if a bit small, but had everything one could wish for at a hotel gym.One minor downside was the pool area. Fairly nice but the towels they handed out were threadbare, and the service there was a little lackluster (ie not keeping the place clean and tidy). Another was the housecleaning was a little below 5 star service (forgot to empty trash one day, didn't replace washcloths on another).All in all, a fairly nice place.
4	This is a lovely tranquil hotel on the strip. Its one of the newest as it was built as part of the new city center and all though it is pretty central on the strip you hardly sense it. It has no casino but the value you get for a suite is unbelievable. We had a Panoramic Suite for less than $120 per night. The view was phenomenal. My one nag would be that it is VERY difficult to find the pedestrian entrance at night... especially if you have had a few drinks!
3	4/5 = room 1.5/5 = serviceaveraging to 3/5 stars. For the holidays, i came to vdara with my family. I was excited. I heard great things about Vdara and was totally down for something fancy, and experienced some ups and downs. THE GOOD:1.) Chic and modern rooms. They look nice, prim, and hip! 2.) Kitchen with stove, microwave, and fridge. For some reason our fridge had two opening doors, but one of the doors was locked, giving us a tiny space for fridge. Kind of annoying, but no bigs.3.) remote controlled blinds and shades for windows. You feel pretty damn fancy and upscale with that shizz. 4.) bathrooms are very nice. 5.) Basically the feel of the room, even the most basic room, feels fancy and nice! 6.) NO CASINOS and no smoking. So none of that headache, weaving in and out of slots and tables and all that las vegas madness you see everywhere. THE BAD (or annoying):1.) You need your key at all times to enter the hotel rooms. There are people checking at the elevators to see if you have a key, which makes bringing guests into a room quite a hassle. THE UGLY:1.) MULTIPLE INSTANCES OF TERRIBLE SERVICE!!!! (SEE A, B, and C)        A.) We had two rooms reserved. Our check in time was 3pm. At 3 pm, one of the rooms was not ready. Guess when they were ready. at 9pm!!!!!! YES, you read that right! 9 FREAKING PM!!!! Rather than providing us with a discount, they offered $60 room service credit, which we weren't even really interested in. AND guess what? After all that extra time, the room had trash still in it. It was not clean. WTF       B.) We had no body come into clean our rooms during our 2 night stay.        C.) We needed extra bedding, and requested face-to-face at the front desk for it. They said that the would expedite our request. 30 minutes later...nothing. We called the front desk Guess what they said? Some BS story about how they are understaffed. That is NOT our problem! Plus this was a day or two after Jan 1, how they heck are they understaffed and not prepared for a large influx of people during the holidays? and when we asked for an ETA...guess what they said? Oh..THERE IS NO ETA! They could not give us an estimated time of arrival of when they could bring us bedding. we were exhausted and were basically waiting on that to sleep! It took 45 minutes for the bedding to arrive. So much for expediting. We also asked front desk for another item, which took about 30 minutes to arrive. 2.) There were trashbags at all times in the hallway. It's kind of annoying to walk down the halls of a seemingly nice hotel, with trash bags filled with trash lining the hallway.CONCLUSIONBasically the bad stained my experience of what could have been a good one! the rooms were nice, but when you get crappy service along with that...it kind of poos poos on your experience.
4	I like this hotel. Staff are friendly and helpful. A little grocery Store is available at the lobby. Rooms are clean and good looking. 4 Star because the pool is pretty small and not very deep.lol. Items for sale are a bit expensive as well. (Well, I understand why but still.).  Overall: it's a good hotel. Ohhh.. I forgot the tram (free) and a way to go to the bellagio's lobby without going out on the street. I like it
4	I have stayed here twice now - once for pleasure and once for business - and was pleased with my experience both times.The rooms are GORGEOUS. I recently had the opportunity to stay in the Corner Suite, and it exceeded my expectations. The room featured an unparalleled strip view of the Bellagio fountains, a full kitchen with dining table/stove/dishwasher, a washer/dryer, a huge living room, an incredibly comfortable bed, a large soaking tub, and a really nice vanity area.I will say that if you are here for pleasure, navigating around the strip can be a little tricky due to an odd location and unmarked pedestrian entrances. And reception at the front desk is hit or miss. My last check-in agent was pretty rude when I asked for a late check-out, and essentially told me that nobody at the hotel could help me. Other than that, I really like this hotel and wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.
5	It's funny, sometimes when you find yourself whining and bitching like a little baby, it seems so appropriate at the time, then some time after, you really feel like a freaking idiot.My assistant booked a stay here for business, and did it on Hotwire.  In general, when booking a 5-star Hotel using their service I'm usually fine with her doing it and don't care.  In this case, I was livid.  A Hotel with no casino in Vegas?  Blasphemy.  A Hotel not directly on the strip?  Well my God I might as well have booked in LA and driven to the strip.  A Hotel with no club?  Impossible.In fact I was so pissed I got on the phone with them and, "blah blah blah, I'll never use your service again, you are the worst thing to happen to humanity, etc, etc; insert some tears and expletives; blah blah blah".......and still stuck there.Then post stay, revert back to paragraph 1.  Not the first time nor the last I've made a horses a*s out of my self and then had to admit it later in my own mind.I absolutely loved the Hotel.  The rooms are modern and gorgeous.  The pool and spa areas are excellent.  And ultimately not having a Casino there when you are Zombie walking back to your room is not only refreshing, but probably saved me more money than I care to admit in not wasting money at tables in a state where you have no business even being awake.  No smoke, no noise, no nonsense.  No getting sucked back in for multiple more cocktails you don't need.  It's like an island respite in the middle of the madness, which was just really, really refreshing.And my concern of it being in "Antarctica"?  Its a 2 second walk from Aria.  Also getting cabs/transpo out was a breeze, as you don't have a million wastoids in line from the casino.I would definitely stay again.
4	I was very excited to finally get the chance to experience City Center during my last trip to LV. When I moved away from the area, City Center was still just a much of scaffolding with a couple pieces of glass on it. To see it finished, and be able to stay at Vdara, was truly a treat.Checking in late on a Wednesday I never expected an upgrade to a corner suite, but sure enough I got one! Oh boy, how can I ever stay in a regular hotel room again? Full kitchen, washer and drier, large living room separated from the bedroom by beautiful smoked glass doors, and (my favorite) separate soaking tub and glassed in shower. Sooo nice. I couldn't have asked not more. Even though our view wasn't that amazing from the 6th floor facing the parking garage, it just didn't matter with all the luxury around us. Truly a beautiful room!My only complaints with Vdara would be the room cleaning service and the fitness center. On 3 out of the 5 days during my stay all my wash cloths were taken but not replaced. Also, after using the 4 glasses and 1 (yes, only 1) mug in the kitchen, they were also taken but not replaced. It was pretty annoying...Then the fitness center so waayyy too small. The 3 times I went it was packed tighter than a can of sardines; no cardio equipment open, no room for functional training. I know vacations aren't supposed to be about working out - most of the time - but I really would have appreciated a more conducive place to my fitness. Overall my experience was wonderful. I would stay again without hesitation. Believe what others say about this being a hotel you can actually sleep at in LV. It was very quiet. On the 6th floor I only heard trucks in the morning; nothing at night. If you're like me and don't go to LV for the nightlife, you'll love this just as much as I did. Get a room! Ask for an upgrade. You won't be disappointed!
4	Love this hotel, I have stayed here twice now. It's clean, the bed was amazing, and it's close to the Aria, Cosmo and Bellagio. My only complaint is the shower door leaks water every time you use it due to poor design. But just throw some towels down and you're all set! I will definitely be staying here again.
5	Great Job Vdara! Recently stayed here for two nights and had a fantastic time. The best part about the Vdara is, after a long tiring day, you come back to a super clean room where you can breathe GOOD QUALITY AIR. Staying in a non-smoking hotel makes such a difference in the quality of sleep. Super comfy beds and much more reasonably priced than the Aria or Cosmo. I really enjoyed the ESPA even though the couples massage was an arm and a leg. But you do get what you pay for and the treatment was bliss. Super friendly staff willing to go the extra mile, (even when asking where the $3 craps tables are). The only issue is the Vdara is slighly off the strip, so you do have to walk through the Aria or the Bellagio to get to the main LV Blvd. Its worth the few extra steps. Highly recommend it if you want a more quiet, smaller hotel, with high quality service and CLEAN AIR. Thanks Vdara.
5	I love this hotel! Thank goodness its not crazy in here. Really close to cosmo and aria. LOVE THE VIEW!
4	Came to Vegas for one night, and the Vdara was one of the only hotels with rooms left that also didn't have the price jacked up for Super Bowl Sunday. We paid about $200.This hotel is new. it's clean, it's right next to Aria and Cosmo. And the room was awesome. This hotel is also doggie friendly :) Although I did not have one with me this time! I did have some help falling asleep by the name of Grey Goose, but I know that the bed was, in fact, super comfy. This hotel may stay a pretty good little secret for a little bit longer, since there is no casino inside, so go stay there now! I hope to do so again! Wi-fi included in reservation, and a cute bar in the lobby!I think my biggest regret is not having time to soak in the enormous tub.
2	What a joke. I booked this hotel through Jetsetter.com. Picture me checking in when the front desk person announces because I went through Jetsetter I will receive no services while staying in the room. That means no towels, no turndown services, no cleaning of the room. In essence for $505 I get to camp out for three days. What a joke. I even put my light on requesting services but their communications with staff must be excellent because I saw NO ONE in the three days I was there. My fiends at the Cosmo and Aria would call everyday and ask if I needed anything. I would tell them I just went shopping for toilet paper and towels and now I was going to vacuum. The hotel is nice, just don't book it through Jetsetter. I contacted Jetsetter and was told the NO SERVICES was in the contract. I have it in front of me right now and trust me when I say nothing is said about NO SERVICES. Just heard Tripadvisor just bought them so I would be careful.Cheers,Barry Cioffi
5	I had a beautiful suite. I was in town for a trade show and I loved coming back to my comfy luxe suite at the end of a long day to convalesce!
4	We chose the Vdara for one of our several much needed respites from daily life for a fabulous, romantic, Vegas experience.  Now I must preface all of this with this fun fact - I am NOT your typical Vegas goer but I LOVE Vegas.  I don't gamble, barely drink and can't stand the smell of cigarettes.  Yet there is something that brings me back here time and again. So if you must have a thick wafting of cigarette smoke and a loud, hopping casino in your hotel, the Vdara may not be for you.I found the Vdara to be simply  wonderful!  Clean, fresh, smoke free air abounds in this tranquil, upscale hotel. The bed?  Sooooo comfortable I did not want to get out of it.  The soaking tub, ahhhhh, wonderful!  The service - impeccable.  And we loved being able to walk around City Center. No need for an overpriced taxi that smells like last night's vomit.  There were plenty of restaurants, bars, and shopping in City Center to keep us from ever having to venture on to the strip.  Oh and the quiet.  That was the best part.  No screaming gaggles of drunk girls parading up and down the halls at 3:00 a.m.  It felt like we were the only guests in the hotel until we stepped out of the elevator and into the lobby. And as an aside, we did take our car out and ventured down Industrial Road to find some really cool, vintage Vegas shops...and while you're at it, for a great bowl of ramen, head over to Monta Ramen on Spring Mountain Road where you won't be gouged, just pleasantly filled up with delicious, aromatic noodles and broth!Complaints?  Minimal really.  The air conditioner in our room was a bit temperamental but two lovely service men took care of the problem efficiently enough.  The cafe downstairs boasts "Frozen Yogurt" on the wall but alas...the machines were removed so we took a quick walk to Pinkberry just down the road. And the cool, swinging lounge chairs at the bar...occupado when I wanted to try them out but I guess great minds think alike so I definitely won't hold that against the hotel.  I loved, loved, loved my stay there and will be back for sure!
4	Vdara is a great value and centrally located, in particular it's great if you are attending a convention at the Bellagio because of the connection from Vdara to the conference center. The staff is friendly and the lack of a casino makes it really easy to stay at; only downside, it is starting to look a little worn in the rooms.
4	Awesome hotel.  Best thing about it is that it is smoke free and no casino.  We stayed in a corner suite with separate kitchen and 1.5 baths.  View of Bellagio fountains and skyline was gorgeous.  We had a long wait for our room as we arrived early but hung around the Lounge areas and cafe.  Service at check in was very good.  Would not hesitate to stay here again.  Walking distance to the strip was approx 20 mins.
2	ROOMS: BEAUTIFUL.  I had a suite with a 270 degree view. it was pretty amazing.  I loved the windows.  There was a full kitchen and even a washer/dryer.  I loved the dual sinks too.  They had condo specs for sure.LOCATION: It's situated along the center of the strip but offset so it's not directly on LV blvd.  It was very quiet and that was nice.SERVICE: Disappointing.  Housekeeping came to our room at 10am and we were still tired from the night before so we sent her away.  Before leaving the room we called at noon to send housekeeping.  We also turned on the housekeeping light that shows in front of your door that you want the room cleaned. When we left we saw someone a few doors down and thought we'd get taken care of. 5 hours later and they just started in our room.  We were tired from walking and had reservations to get to.  So we went to the bar since there was nothing to do.The bartender we had was socially awkward, rude, or was offended by us or something because we were very friendly to her and she looked at us like we were bothering her when WE are her customer.  We tried to get her attention to order food and it took a while for any acknowledgement.  She also told someone else to make our drinks.  It was NOT busy at the bar btw.  When we got back to the room we had to rush to get ready and head off to our reservation.  I REALLY did not like that.  I hate rushing.  They were busy this weekend but hello?  Schedule more people to work if you know it's President's Day/Valentine's weekend.  We also CALLED to request housekeeping AND turned on the light. That was not great.  If we are going to pay that much for a room at Vdara we would expect comparable service to the prestige of the hotel.  I felt ignored during the whole trip.  The employees either hate their jobs or they do not focus on exceptional service. I felt like I could get the same or better service at The Gap. We are from la and visit Vegas often and are trying each hotel to find the favorite.  Vdara is a definite NO on that list.  The room was very nice but I would not recommend Vdara to anyone because there are MANY hotels with nice rooms.  I was looking forward to staying there for a while now and was very disappointed with what I got.  WHY 2 STARS:  Great rooms and the quiet feel was nice since there was no smoking or gaming. Service was not good.
3	This is probably more 3.5 stars in actuality. Stayed here over Valentine's day weekend and it was an average stay. We have stayed at many places on the strip and this place is clean and nice but nothing spectacular. The bed was comfy, location was central to the things we were doing, it was no-smoking and it was rarely congested. However the staff was not very friendly, water pressure was poor and there wasn't a lot to do/access within the hotel itself (sure, it's close to other things). While waiting to check out the staff was letting certain people go to the front of the line while others were rudely told to just wait their turn. While storing our luggage the bellman approached and asked if I needed help. I told him "I just need to store this luggage" and he said "so you need help then." Ummm.....sure. Overall, this was a good stay but it didn't blow me away. Given that there are so many other new and nice places to stay I probably wouldn't choose to stay here again.
5	We stayed here for a couple of nights in early February.  I found a decent rate at hotels.com and wanted to try a hotel that is centrally located and one that is adjacent to, rather than integrated with a casino.Overall, out stay was wonderful and the room (more like a suite) was large and comfortable, with a view of the strip.  It reminded me of an upscale Residence Inn, with a small living from and two flat screen TVs.  Beds were super comfortable and the bathroom spacious.  The lobby area is also nice with Starbucks and breakfast places along with a bar.  There is also easy access to Bellagio by a short walkway while you can go outside and access Cosmo.Would definitely recommend staying here on the future - it's simply a nice relaxing place to stay.  Makes you feel like a high roller :)
3	This hotel had good things and not so good.  The good:  smoke free!!!   In Vegas, that is a good thing.  The room was clean, the staff was pleasant.  The beds were pretty comfy.  The bar downstairs was good.  Smoke free again.the bad:  housekeeping wasn't great.  They forgot to bring water, and they didn't make up the room on the last day of our stay.  Not good at all.Would I stay there again?  No....  There are too many other places in Vegas that are better.
5	Excellent quiet, young adult, non smoking atmosphere. The suites are beautiful contemporary decor. This hotel is in the heart of the strip. A must visit with a VERY special person.
5	We recently stayed here while my husband attended a conference.  It was a wonderful experience.Cab fare was $20 from the airport which I don't feel is bad at all.  The hotel staff was very nice upon arrival and we were able to easily check our bags as we got in early.  Check in was very easy as well.  We requested a high room that overlooked the Bellagio fountains (per the suggestion of other Yelp reviews) and were not disappointed.  When we came back later in the day, our room was ready and waiting.  The hotel is not your average Vegas hotel.  There is not a slot machine to be found and it is free of cigarette smoke which we liked very much.  We do like to gamble though and were able to walk right around the front circle to Aria to their casino but it was nice each evening to come back to our quite hotel.  Vdara is so close to many other hotels and casino's as well, definitely within walking distance.  They have a great little place for breakfast/lunch/desserts/coffee and also a hotel bar and Starbucks.  The only downside is that both the little restaurant and Starbucks close early so after a night of shows and roaming Vegas, if you want a bite to eat or a cup of coffee, you will want to pick it up on your way back.  I really feel that these should be open 24 hours as pretty much everything in Vegas is 24 hours.Our suite was very clean and comfortable.  Huge windows offer great views but there are also automatic blinds that, at the push of a button, give you privacy or douse the lights of Vegas.  Having two bathrooms was great and having the garden tub in one was wonderfully relaxing after a day of walking.  There is a coffee maker, however, they only leave 2 k-cups (1 decaf/1 caf) each day so if you want coffee you may want to bring your own or I'm sure you could request more as they are very accommodating.  There is an ice maker and a microwave/convection oven and a stove top.  Loved the washer and dryer as we were easily able to get the wrinkles out of our clothes before we went out for the day or evening.When we checked out we had a late flight, so again, we checked our bags and picked them back up on the way back to the airport.  No hassle whatsoever.  All-in-all a great trip and we will definitely stay here again!
2	Sure Vdara.... Im all in ... the price is right .... the rooms are new.... great gym......I would love to stay at your hotel. One problem, call to make reservation, get on hold for a while, I'm used to it.... Then I get some annoying bitter "reservationist" who asks me 20 questions when all I am trying to do is get a true quote for the room and book it.Hint.Yes sir is the answer ... take my credit card and get me a key so I can get on with my life.Tell your jackass marketing dept to suck.20 questions gets you exactly one less customer, but who needs that.City Center is no ghost town or anything.Oh well, on to the next 170,000 rooms available in town.UghBTW, I love this trend of charging everybody "RESORT FEE" $25 use it or not, I am personally starting a protest.Oh well Vegas takes it one way or another, but Vdara will not take mine today.Oh yeah, there is a hotel across the street, gotta go.
4	I loved staying at this hotel because it has so many nice touches....It starts when you drive up the ramp and at night the Vdara gives off a futuristic feel. The bell and valet service were super courteous, and the check in process was simple and quick.  Once I got to my room I called the bell service, and within 5 minutes my bags were delivered and was also given instruction on how to work the blinds in the room from the Bell Attendant. All I can say is wow! The view we had in our room was amazing and it overlooked the Bellagio fountains.  Overall the room is super clean, modern and chic; which the wife just loved.  I had requested plates and silverware to be delivered and this took almost 20-30 minutes. Which I thought was a bit slow, compared to the other services.I had requested late checkout which they granted, and once again the Bell service was very prompt to come up and grab our luggage. Overall we had a great stay here.  Next time I visit Vegas, this is on my top 3 list of hotels I would  stay at.
4	Love that it is a non-gambling/non-smoking hotel. This makes for a more refreshing, quiet ambience. It is not directly on the strip (located behind Aria, which is on the strip) which I enjoyed. You don't run into the busy, tourist commotion, like other hotels.Free valet parking, for guests. Hotel guests also get free admission into HAZE night club, located in the Aria hotelThe room was great! Amzung view if the water show at the Bellagio It had a kitchenette,  The room could have been a tad bit cleaner. We noticed greasy hand prints on the dining room chairs, and hair in out tub, (not a big deal if youre not OCD, like me). The sofa bed mattress felt like fabric over springs, so we ended up not using it.Overall, it is a great place to stay. I will definatley be coming back
4	Love this hotel! It was our first time staying here and my group and I definitely had a great experience. Since the hotel is non-smoking and does not include a casino to it, it was a lot less crowded and a lot more fresh-smelling. Also, just like the Palazzo, you have to show a room key in order to go up to the rooms, which is both a good and bad thing. We stayed in the Deluxe Suite and I really loved how each suite is like a condo. Either 1 or 1&1/2 bathrooms, depending on which suite you choose, kitchenette, a huge fridge, pull out bed, etc. My favorite part of the room was that the hotel includes a Keurig machine in each room. I guess it doesn't really matter in Vegas but I thought it was really nice to have. They had a dining table, huge master bathroom, and the bed in the master bedroom was beyond comfortable. Once our stay was almost over, I realized that there isn't really much need for a huge fridge, stove, microwave, and dining table since we barely spent any time in the room anyways. The hotel is really nice and maybe more suitable if you're staying longer than just the weekend or if you're here with your family. On the brightside, Vdara is located quite conveniently from the strip. Walking distance to Planet Hollywood and everything else. I thought the location was one of the best parts of staying there.The only downside of my stay was when I  seperated from my group after a night out clubbing. I was the only one from my room to come back and the rest headed up to their own room. My boyfriend held my ID, money, and room key, but wasn't back yet so I went up to receptionist to try to get let in. Surprisingly, I wasn't the only one with that problem. The girl in front of me was giving the poor receptionist a lot of attitude but you can't blame the hotel for taking every precaution, especially when you have no identification on you and your name isn't on the reservation. Luckily, my name was on the reservation, I showed her my Facebook, and even at 4AM I had a lot of patience, which isn't hard to have since she was doing everything in her power to help me out. My friends ended up letting me back in and everything worked out in the end, but I still give the receptionist a lot of respect.Overall, had a really good stay and will probably come back to stay here again.
4	What an awesome hotel!  We were bummed at first because it had no casino, but that is actually a good thing! The casinos in the hotels were very smoky, crowded and loud.  We stayed in the Vdara Suite. My husband and I had the bed and my cousin had the sofa bed. The bed was extremely comfortable, but the sofa bed was not comfortable at all. You could feel the springs even under the bedding they provided. My cousin just slept on the couch which was more comfortable. We did not have a great view. Our view was the swimming pool which was closed for renovations. Besides the sofa bed and the pool, the other cons were the service for the bedding was really slow and so was the valet service. We tried to call for our car to be brought out earlier, but they don't provide that service. We waited at least 5 minutes for the car. There is also no self-parking lot. We had to call twice for the bedding. The front desk was not the friendliest. They were fake friendly and not personable at all.  Overall, I thought the hotel was great. The checked for key cards before letting anyone up. The staff, except for the front desk were pretty friendly. Slow, but friendly. I definitely would stay here again!
4	Checked in and we were given a nice room (Vdara Suite) with a boring view (freeway) but the employee (Megan) that helped us check in told me if the view was not to my liking I could request a room with a better view.  I called Megan and was told it would be 2-3 hours for the other room to be ready, nonetheless I appreciated being accommodated.  After 2 hours I had to call the front desk (was told I would be notified) to check the status of my new room and it was ready.  Once the switch was made we were not disappointed with the room or view.  But I was disappointed with housekeeping since they did not clean the room properly.  Also the bathroom door was difficult to lock and unlock.  The room did include a washer and dryer which was convenient but for some reason the dryer would only dry for a few minutes then stop and I had already adjusted the timer.  Staff was courteous, hotel was quiet and within walking distant.  Take advantage of the walkway to Bellagio and the tram located right before entering the Bellagio hotel.  All in all I would stay at the Vdara again.
1	I thought the Vdara was supposed to be on of the newer hotels? I booked the panoramic suite here for my birthday and this stay was by the WORST experience ever. Almost nothing worked in our suite and I assumed they service we received was so awful because we were young adults just looking for a good time. The TV in the main bedroom didnt work & neither did the Phone. We told guest services twice & not only did they not fix it, but didn't even bother to give us a new room! On top of our 3 day stay, i kid you not - every time we would try to enter our room, the key cards NEVER worked. So we had to call guest services once again and wait 30 minutes for someone to open our door for us. Then we would have to go back down to check in and get a new set of keys. THIS HAPPENED EVERY DAY for 3 DAYS. they tried to tell us "oh you must be putting it by your cell phone or credit card in your purse" WELL NO THAT WASNT THE PROBLEM. because after the 1st time it happened, we all put them in our shorts with nothing else so we wouldn't have to have the problem again. Really one of my hugest pet peeves are people treating you like your idiots. and what is the probably the BOTH cards wouldn't work?But that wasn't even the worst part. My first night stay and i woke up with BED BUG BITES all up and down my legs! (PICTURE UPLOADED) How wonderful my 21st birthday and i cant even go to the beach club in my bathing suit. I was SO UPSET. I wrote an email, called. everything. Not one apology, reimbursement let alone a lousy response from Vdara!I will NEVER stay here again. All the money i spent for a suite and i would have rather stayed at circus circus at that point. As long as everything functioned & id be comfortable sleeping in a clean bed. This place is a nightmare.
4	Been here a few times. Very contemporary design. Lobby is clean and looks great upon entry. NO self-parking. Valet only. Two nearest possible locations for self parking would be to park at the Aria, going towards the west valet and cutting across outside, over the bridge over Harmon and back in OR you can park at the bellagio, and walk passed the flower garden towards the jean phillipe patisserie, and along the path towards the tram but following signs towards Vdara instead of going on the tram. Both estimates around ~10 minutes walking time. Now for the rooms :P Executive Corner Suite - Have been in this room twice. Corner room. Room designed in a long upside down L shape. Upon entry, a dining table for 4 on the right. On the left, you have a 1/2 bath as well as a mini kitchen with full size fridge, stove, and microwave. In a "closet" you have a washer/dryer as well. The living room has a sofa as well as a chair with coffee table for the TV area as well as a desk facing outwards by the window. Turning the corner, you'll have a door-separated room for the bedroom. Bed is super comfy with reading lights on each side. Bathroom has a walk-in shower, twin sinks, as well as a separate stand-alone bath tub window-side. Great for relaxing in the tub and enjoying the view ! Great room for parties. Lots of room for a good amount of people, while being able to have the bedroom off-limits to guests :DVdara Suite - Much smaller room in comparison to the executive corner suite but a lot nicer compared to a normal hotel room. Upon entry, there is a small 2-person dining table as well as a mini kitchenette with a microwave and stove. There are two mini fridges. One is stocked by the hotel (charges apply upon use) and an empty one. But these mini fridges are super small. Good for a few drinks, thats about it. Before getting to the bedroom area, you'll see the bathroom. Bathroom has a single sink with a standard size bathtub and a walk in shower. Bedroom has divider that separates the sitting area with a TV with a sofa and chair, and the bed with a TV as well. Like the executive corner suite, it has two reading lights as well as two separate lights on the side. For some reason, the bedroom portion is brighter than the sitting area. Sitting area only has 1 light. Valet is good. Fast service and quick response. Overall, great hotel to stay in or to use for parties. After a specific time, they'll start restricting entry to elevators to those with only key cards. Two separate elevator lobbies for a lower portion and higher portion of the hotel.
5	Hidden gem between Cosmo and aria. Easy access to bellagio, aria, and 5 min walk to Cosmo. Starbucks in the lobby.
5	Great Place to have HQ for Bachelor Party.Just got back from an awesome LV weekend, while my thoughts are still intact, I wanted to write it down.Vdara customer service is above-average! I originally booked a City-Corner Suite, got an email to upgrade to the Panoramic Suite, which has awesome views on the LV strip. The discount was so cheap it was hard to say no! Upon arriving, I was greeted by an very friendly associate. I then gave her my ID and Credit Card ($40 between the two), and she offered me another upgrade, on the house. Which was the 1 brdm-2 story penthouse on the 56th floor (which is the highest floor). The view from the Penthouse was worth the generous tip and i would do it again a 100 times over. Although the rest of the weekend was a blur, I can say that the bachelor that I host will remember the kick@$$ penthouse with the skyline view we stayed in.The other thing about Vdara is that there is no casino, which I was perfectly happy about. Because Cosmo and Aria 3 min walk outside can suit those needs. It felt like a true resort that happens to be in Vegas.
4	My friend owns a timeshare so we were able to book a day before arrival. (Last minute trip...). Vdara is located in the City Center. Beautiful, modern, clean, simple venue and layout. No casino... just a lobby, convenient store/food joint, Starbucks, and pretty bar. Love it. The room layout is awesommme. Very spacious... and yay for a kitchen! My only complaint is the lighting. I know... dimly lit is sexy, but not when you're trying to do your make up... no matter how hard you try, you will never look right in their mirrors. Then you end up cakin shit on and you come out lookin like shit. No buens.
5	This hotel is very nice. Like everybody is saying it is tucked away in the back of city center. They only have valet parking no self parking garage. I liked it because there is no casino lobby does not smell like smoke. all the people from the valet people to the people checking you in to security to housekeeping were all friendly. Now on to the room. all I can say is WOW. I booked a regular room at first then got a email about a week later asking if I wanted to upgrade for an extra 15.00 more and i figured why not. I am so happy I did .  I ended up getting a room with the view of the bellagio water fountain. bed in the room was very comfy. bathroom are very nice. kitchen is nice also. couch with pullout bed was OK.  Overall I would stay at this place again hands down. this hotel is at the top of my list  for hotels on the strip.
5	The best place for the money if you have your family with you.  I love the location and the fact it does not have slots and a bunch of drunk ppl and smoke all over the place. very clean and nice rooms.  I've stayed here 5+ times and is one of my first choice when with the kids.
5	"What a luxurious and modern hotel to stay at..."VOUCHER:Purchase a voucher from travelzoo which was only $79 per night...ONE NIGHT ONLY: Stayed there for one night and then had breakfast at the Vdara Market Cafe (best place for a quick & over priced breakfast, I recommend having some PHO instead)...BEDS: So roomy and comfortable! Loved the hot tub & sofa by the window!Would be back, back, back, when travelzoo has another special ;)
5	I had the pleasure of staying at this lovely location and to say I enjoyed myself is an understatement!  I checked in and the young woman at the front desk put my boyfriend and I on the 50th floor facing the bellagio fountain talk about a beautiful view! The room itself was comfy with modern decor.  The bed was amazing and the spa tub in the bathroom was relaxing.  The customer service here is great.  Now the hotel itself is a non smoking non casino hotel and personally I liked that. It was quiet and fresh here especially after walking around the strip with smokers and the noise of a casino.  Its also valet parking only. I myself enjoyed that feature. All in all, the hotel is beautiful and I had a great time.  Ill be back again! !
4	The hotel suite has breathtaking panoramic view of Las Vegas--one of the most beautiful views I have seen and It is exceptionally romantic at night.  The room we stayed was extra clean, spacious and modern. We were concerned about the bed bugs as one previous review has posted photo, and the hotel manager offered extra care to make sure our room is bug free. I like that it's casino free hotel and it feels more private and quiet, yet easily accessible to nearby casino hotels. We were able to walk everywhere.The gym was extremely clean, but with quite limited machine selection. The spa facility was also very modern and very, very well quipped. I got to use the jacuzzi on my own and it felt like heaven.  They stocked up cranberry juice, hot tea and bottled water everywhere. The massage was decent, but not the best I have had.  The spa front desk staff who checked us in was cold and unfriendly, and that's the reason of one star off.
1	We recently stayed at the Vdara Hotel in Las Vegas.  We chose this hotel because of it's location, lack of a casino, and because it looked beautiful and elegant, which it was.  Atmosphere was friendly and staff seemed dedicated to making our stay a success.  Now for the downside...unfortunately I left an expensive swimsuit behind upon leaving.  Hung it in the closet in the bathroom to dry.  Called the hotel to report this and had a tough time getting to Lost and Found.  FInally on the 3rd try got an employee who stated he'd check and call me back.  Never did.  Then I emailed guest relations and didn't receive a response for almost 24 hrs.  Very difficult to make contact with anyone to help you with a lost item i.  I was told that my swimsuit could not be located.  Hmmmm, and then was told that they hoped I would be able to locate it.  Really?  How could I do that when it was at the hotel or now more likely in someone's possession that works at the hotel.  Surprised that a hotel of this caliber does not have more honest staff working there.  Disappointing to say the least, in their response time and lack of any offer for compensation, and I could have provided a receipt for this.
4	Consistent and great service.  I would stay here again and again.  First class place.
2	Do not waste your money.  Sooooo many other options
4	Vdara is one of the newest additions to Las Vegas' luxury hotels.  It is located at City Center, right off the Strip and is connected to the beautiful Aria.This hotel is more quiet than other hotels since it doesn't have a casino.  It does, however, have a lobby bar, a place to get small snacks, and a Starbucks.The rooms are gorgeous with amazing views.  My friend and I had a room on the 29th floor with views of Las Vegas Strip South.  The room had a small kitchen with a sink, 2-heater stovetop, a microwave, a mini-bar, and a small refrigerator.  Along with the king-size bed, there was also a sofabed that is fairly comfortable.  The bathroom had a stand-up shower and a jacuzzi tub.The room service wasn't all that great.  The maid came to our room but it was still early and we were still asleep/getting ready, so we asked her to come back later.  She never came, for two days, until we called up the housekeeping department and asked if someone could come service our rooms since we were out of towels and toiletries.  What they used to clean the room had a vinegar smell to it that made me so nauseous, so it's wise to not be in the room when they are cleaning!Other than the lack of housekeeping service, Vdara is a beautiful and well kept hotel, and I would definitely recommend it.One last note, there is a free tram that goes from Aria, Bellagio, and Vdara!
4	I have stayed here many times. I was coming to Vegas to celebrate my St. Patrick's Day birthday. So I decided to splurge. I got the two bedroom penthouse. This includes a limo to pick you up and take you back to the airport. When we arrived our chauffeur was there. A nice car and a nice chauffeur. When we arrived we went to invited guests check in. The man that assisted us was very nice. What I didn't understand was that they knew we were coming in their limo. Why didn't they have our room ready? They said they would call us when it was ready. We went to lunch and no call. So we went back and the room was ready. Not sure why no call. We go to our room and it was the most disgusting room I've ever been in. The windows were so dirty we couldn't see out of them. Then we found out it was a handicapped room. We felt so sorry for a handicapped person having to stay in this room. I called the front desk and they said that they would get us another room. They said we could wait in this room and when it was ready they would let us know. They sent us up some fruit and water. We waited over an hour. I called down to the front desk and the room was ready. Again no phone call liked told. We went to our room and what a difference. The room was spectacular. Wall to wall windows in every room. When you are paying a high price for a room this is the room you expect. I didn't want to leave the hotel room. Everything is so clean and neat. Just like the first time I stayed here. It looks brand new. The beds are so soft and the sheets are thick and smell so good. I have stayed in the Executive suite, two bedroom loft and now the two bedroom penthouse. They are all great rooms. They don't have a casino and the one complaint I have with the hotel is the walk to the strip. It's very dangerous and just doesn't look good. They should have built a walkway to the strip and The Cosmo hotel. It's not the cheapest hotel on the strip. But if you like a nice room I would go the extra bucks and get this hotel room. Just don't get the handicapped room.
4	I thought the lack of a casino floor was going to bum me out but you know what, it didn't matter; I actually like that the place doesn't smell like cigarette buds. Bellagio is right next door and it's connected via a bridge so you can lose your money that way; I sure did =,( Best part of the spacious room was the kitchenette. Boy did it come in handy. What's better than left over Firefly food after a night of drinking?There were some minor "flaws," I will say. The refrigerator was tiny. It wasn't deep at all so we had to turn our to-go box vertically to be able to close the door shut. The blackout shades don't really live up to it's name. The edges of the shades don't meet the wall so light still creeps through. The two reading lamps that are above the bed, they don't stay in place where you bend them; they always want to droop, loose screws or something?But back to the good yeah? Free WiFi and you actually get cellular data. I don't think I've ever been in a Las Vegas hotel with full bars. SWEET! If you guys want the Vegas treatment but don't mind the further walk or lack of a casino floor beneath your feet, I recommend Vdara.
5	This has to be my new favorite hotel in vegas. It's brand new and the rooms are HUGE. It also doesn't have any smoky casinos but it's close to the other casino so if you were feening it's a short walk over. it's close to everything so it's awesome! our room was HUGE! I can get used to living in a place like that.
4	**Late Review**I stayed at Vdara back in December with my Travel Buddy. We stayed in the Vdara Suite (which ended up being the handicap room) and we loved it! One bedroom with a huge bathroom and a comfortable king bed! Nice living room with a pull out couch. Another bathroom which was handy when it was time to get ready. The kitchen was nice even though we rarely used it (only the fridge to store our liquor he he he). Vdara is off the strip but easy access through the City Center tram and connected by a tunnel to the Bellagio.I would definitely stay here again, the room was nice and comfortable. BUT I don't recommend staying here when it's cold in Vegas. The walk of shame in the freezing cold back to this hotel is no fun! Especially if you get lost on your way back to the room (only happened one time...I think lol)
4	We chose Vdara specifically for two reasons: it's entirely smoke-free, and it does not have a casino on its property, which is nice because you don't have to walk through the crowd every time you enter or leave the hotel. Vdara is an excellently designed and decorated, with a Scandinavian feel to it. It promotes itself as eco-friendly, which means no extra towels unless you specifically ask for it, and it houses the "world renowned" ESPA spa & salon (more on this below).Our room was generously spacious, comparable to a nice studio apartment in NY. I could live in that space quite comfortably if need be. The room amenities are on par with other hotels on the Strip, and we were pleased. These is a covered walk-way to the nearby Bellagio, and the tram which will go to the Aria. The hotel is just right off the Strip, so access was easy. The restaurants and clubs in the hotel and its sisters are on par with the rest of Vegas.I deduct a star for these reasons:- The pool was closed. We could use the pool at its sister's hotel next door, the Aria. But walking outdoor to a different property was not enticing. (There was no indoor path to the Aria.)- We called the concierge desk to help us get ticket to a Cirque de Soleil show at the Aria and was transferred to the ticket desk for the show. We could have done that ourselves.- The ESPA spa was way overpriced, even by Vegas standards. The service was not amazing, though the facility was very nice. There was no coed area where the two of us can enjoy the hot tub or spa together. There was a common waiting area as we waited to be called for our massages.
5	Amazing rooms. Full bath, glass enclosed shower. Hey, I like baths - what can i say?  The suites are large and the bathroom is almost as big as other hotel rooms. Modern, chic aesthetic with auto-shades on windows and great views. Good dining in the Aria - which you will likely go through getting out to the strip. Deals to be found through Expedia or Hotwire (via their 'Mystery 5 star hotel' choices on the strip'). They consider this on the strip, however many people would not as it sits back a bit...kind of behind the Aria.
5	I love you Vdara!  I love you for your aesthetically pleasing interior architecture, clean lines and design.  I love you for the beautiful view of the pool from my room window.  I love your impeccable service and friendly staff.  I love that you don't have a casino downstairs and there is no odor of smoke within the building.  I love your spa, where I enjoyed the best deep tissue massage by JJ.  Most of all, I love your gym, which I couldn't live without.  I am not a gal who is enthralled by Vegas.  In fact, Vegas, is not generally a destination I would choose to visit, but after my stay at the Vdara, I have been converted.  I love the Vdara and it made my Vegas vacation a getaway I can't wait to repeat.
4	Too many reviews already, so I'll hit the highlights:Love - wifi included in resort fee, nice gym, smoke free, casino free, easy access to Aria & Bellagio, super comfy beds, great rooms & views Boo - resort fee ($25 daily + a $3 TAX on the resort fee), limited & expensive food options, pool closes by 6:00 (???)
5	Amazing. Loved it really! The service was great, everyone was nice and polite, all of them willing to help out! The room that I got was absolutely amazing! haha the view was incredible and I enjoyed that the most. I enjoyed the design of the room and it was very elegant and clean looking. I definitely loved the bathroom design and it was actually the design I was gonna remodel my bathroom to. There's actually no smoke at the Vdara and no casino, so it's great for children and families. The only thing they have is a little bar near the front entrance and elevators but that's about it. Overall the service was amazing, the rooms amazing, my room view amazing, and I would definitely go back if I am ever in vegas again.
3	I thought I would've liked the idea of getting away from getting second hand smoke in the casinos, but I realized being in vegas, that kind of comes with the domain ya know?  Kinda missed that when I stayed here. Another thing is that there's no direct self parking, it's the city center parking and it's a bit of a walk so I just did valet which was a nightmare as well, you're going around in circles and circles hoping you finally land in front of the right hotel (i obviously missed it the first night).  The rooms are really nice, a kitchen though they didn't come with cooking stuff, I think you have to request those.  They had plenty of outlets by the bed, YAY!  BUT one thing that did really irk me was the switches.  There's a master switch...by the door...so you have to kind of maneuver yourself in the dark after you turn the lights off...unless I am an idiot and didn't know how to work the lights, which is also possible but I am pretty sure they were powered by the master switch only.  I didn't get a chance to but they do have an amazing bath to bathe in...it's humongous! definitely wouldn't want a "What Lies Beneath" situation in that tub!Overall, I think I would still prefer Bellagio or Aria, just because it's so much easier to find the location and there's more options for things around those hotels.  But it's not a bad place, and if you do hate the crazy scenes of the casino, you should definitely check this one out.
5	Awesome place to be away from Vegas, Vegas if you know what I mean. It's sleek, well designed and free of smoke and gaming. I know, I know I am taking all of the fun outta Vegas - but hey Vdara is a nice place. If you are in town for business, Vdara is perfect! You'll be able to focus, and you can show up at your meetings without a cigarette odor. Vdara delivers nice views, great design, and superb service. I recommend this hotel for families, business travelers and non-smokers.
4	This is a really nice, clean, smoke-free hotel in City Center.  It doesn't have the flash of Aria or the Cosmopolitan, but it is a really nice option for that part of the Strip. All of the people that worked there were super friendly as well. Our room was really spacious and had a great view of the Bellagio Fountains.  One complaint would be that the in-room refrigerator only kept our food cool not cold.  Also, while the pool is really nice, it is not the scene that you may be seeking while in Las Vegas.  The Starbucks in the lobby is also an added bonus.
2	Just don't stay here.  We chose this property for the smoke free and gambling free aspects so we would feel comfortable with our daughter.  There are no good restaurants and the pool was so windy they sent us to Aria.  Aria had a way better pool, but there was smoking and not another kid.  In fairness, the whole cheapo, weekend gettaway, family vacay during our daughters Spring Break was a bad idea.  Kids are just not a great idea for Vegas, despite all the kid friendliness that is suggested online.
4	Spent a Friday and Saturday night here and really loved the hotel. I love that there's no casino and thus no smoking, so it actually smells good when you enter. It's much less crazy, and a nice, relaxing retreat from the party of Vegas, yet it's only steps away from it when you want to resume the insanity. It's really the best of both worlds. I love that it's free valet and that you don't have to walk a half hour through a self park garage, through a casino, to get to the reception desk. We had a painless check-in, were given a great room on the 40th floor with awesome views, including the water shows at the Bellagio next door.The rooms themselves are great. They are spacious, modern, and clean. There was a living room, kitchenette, bedroom, and large bathroom. We didn't use the kitchenette at all, though I guess maybe it would be nice if someone was staying for an extended period of time. It almost seemed unnecessary in Vegas, though. It would probably be helpful for families with babies or small kids. Anyway...the room was great. One thing I thought was odd for a 5-star hotel, was that there were no robes in the room. Not a big deal, but it's something I'd expect from a hotel like this.The only real negative of the weekend was on Saturday we realized we forgot an important toiletry item and called down to ask if it could be brought up to us. Sure, no problem. We waited for 20 minutes and then called again. They said it would be right up. We waited another 20 minutes - nothing. Finally, we gave up and had to run out to CVS. This was pretty frustrating, again for a 5-star hotel. For this kind of place you would expect much better customer service (ie: not waiting 20 minutes for an item you request, and if they do make an error and need to be called a second time, at that point make sure that the item gets there). This left a bad taste in our mouth. Even when we went out for the night and came back, we were half expecting the item to be in our room when we got there, since we were assured twice it was "on its way," but there was no sign of it. We also had a slightly longer wait than what I would think is normal for our car from the valet when we checked out on Sunday. They don't have the kind of valet where you can call down for your car so it's waiting when you get down there...you have to go down yourself and show the ticket. Overall, we really loved how new and clean this hotel was, and how comfortable our room was. That being said, what would have been an excellent stay was put off by the poor customer service. I would consider staying here again if I got a good deal, but I'd be extra sure to bring EVERYTHING I needed because you can't rely on them to bring anything to your room, no matter how long you wait or how many times you call.
5	LOVE THIS HOTEL!!!! LOVE THE NON-SMOKING FACILITY!!!! I LOVE HOW THEY HAVE FULL KITCHEN APPLIANCES!!!!!I got the City Corner Suite on the higher floor. The room was great, very fancy. It looked more like a luxury condo than the hotel. Staff was nice when I checked in, gave us $50 dining credit which I used for the in-room dining. The swimming pool isn't that big but fine because there weren't that many people. There no casino but you can just walk 3 mins to ARIA to play, if you need a quiet place to stay in Vegas, this would be it. It felt very upscale, and it's more of a family hotel than a party hotel.Will definitely go again if the send me a promo email again, because without it, the rate is little bit on the stiff side than the other similar hotels.
4	Vdara is a beautiful Hotel. I enjoy any Hotel in Vegas that doesn't smell like cigarettes and alcohol. Unlike others, our view looks over a parking garage and The Rio was in the distance, so sadly our view sucked. So be aware, that you won't get a great view every time. Rooms are big, clean, and the bathtub is perfect for a soak after a day of non stop shopping. The only con is that you have to do a bit of walking in order to get on the strip. Either you can pass over a walkway that goes into the Bellagio, and then out to the strip, or you can walk across Valet parking to the Aria and walk through the Aria to get to the strip. On day 1 it didn't seem that bad of a walk, but by day 2 and 3 I dreaded that walk. Would we return? Um, Maybe? It wouldn't be my first choice every time though. Caesars is still my number 1.
5	My husband and I came to the Vdara for our 3 year wedding anniversary.  We had stayed at the MGM Signature 2 previous times and were looking for something new and exciting.  Let me tell you, the Vdara is it!!!  I loved it!First let me start by saying that we did upgrade from the Deluxe Suite to the Vdara Suite.  The room was soooo much bigger than what we were paying for at the Signature.  For the same price we and 1 full bathroom with a huge soaking tub, a half bathroom, and HUGE kitchen with room for 6 people to dine, a nice size living room with it's own flat screen tv & a large bedroom with another flat screen tv and very comfortable king size bed.The refrigerator kept all our drinks & food nice and cold so we didn't need to continually leave the suite to get something refreshing, it was there waiting for us.  Also, the microwave came in very handy.The room service was perfect.  The cleaning crew were very efficient and did an EXCELLENT job keeping our room clean & neat.  Bed was made everyday. Could not ask for better service.When we came home I noticed I was missing a Coach purse which happened to have my ID in it.  I called Vdara and they passed me to lost and found and they already had it there waiting.  They sent it to me UPS and no additional charge to me.  I will say, the only thing I did not like about the Vdara is one day my husband & I were walking back to our room, headed to the elevators and a young lady that worked at the Vdara asked to see our room key before she would let us continue to our room.  We had never had this happen at any hotel before and did take a little offense to it.  We had already been there 3 nights and a lot of couples walked straight to the elevator without the young lady asking to see their room keys.  Not really sure what this was all about but we did NOT appreciate it.  I don't understand why you would ask 1 couple and no one else.  Maybe it was because we were not Asian like 90% of its guests????  That's the only thing I can come up with.....
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS HOTEL. Initially intended to be condos on the strip, the Vdara gives you all the good about Vegas- glitz, glam and luxury without having to trudge through the smoke infested casino and forgetting which tower you're staying in. Spacious rooms that are the pentacle of elegance and modern sophistication, I personally feel that the Vdara offers the most amenities from your bank. Our corner suite was equipped with a full size refrigerator, Keurig brewing system, 4 range stove and table dining for 4. The large king bedroom and pull out queen sofa bed house 5 of us girls for the weekend. Wedged in the center of city center in between the Aria Resort and Bellagio, we were right in the center of all the action without having to endure all the usual fuss and bustle that comes with staying on the strip.This was my second time staying here and it still remains my hotel of choice when visiting Vegas.
5	My love affair with Vdara was re-ignited this past trip. This was our 3rd time staying at this ultra-hip, luxurious, and four diamond hotel & spa. Each time I visit this hotel, I'm blown away by their high standard of care, first class customer service and impeccable taste for the ultimate luxurious hotel & spa experience. The biggest draw for us was the fact that this hotel is a non-smoking & non-gaming establishment so you NEVER get the smoky, yucky feel of most other hotels and it sets for a relaxing, spa-like feel when you enter the hotel instead of the noisy, Vegas feel. ROOMS: all rooms are suites that resemble more like a hip NY bedroom apartment. The decor is ultra-hip with shades of brown, green, and splashes of various modern colors. Depending on which room view you get (city view overlooking the City Center buildings, pool view, or lakeview overlooking Bellagio fountains), they are all pretty amazing. TIP: you can always ask for a specific view upon checking in. All three visits, we have requested for a "nice" view and have thankfully been given free upgrades based on availability. Two flat screen TVs  in each room (one facing bedroom) and the other in the living room).  All suites come with its own kitchen (fully operable glass top, refrigerator (no freezer compartment though), microwave and a cute dining table. Each room allows for two complimentary water bottles as a basic service to the guests. Note: there are no coffee-makers, dishes, or silverware but these can easily be requested through housekeeping. BEDROOM: Sheets/comforters are standard white and green. Not too fancy or impressionable but definitely feels "laundered" and NOT grimy or dirty. The mattress has a memory foam feel to it so it's very plush and comfortable. However, the pillows are a bit too thick for my husband and I (we can only sleep with very thin pillows b/c we don't want our necks to pop out of our spine). We ended up throwing pillows on floor and sleeping on just the mattress w/o pillows. Rooms are super quiet (no noise from outside can be heard in your room. BATHROOM: The bathroom alone earns 2 stars for their chic bathroom tubs/sinks and  well equipped with "green" amenities (paraben/sulfate/gluten free soaps & shampoo/conditioners). Even has a glass weight scale for the health conscious peeps who are counting calories. Feels like you're in a luxury spa! TIP: Call housekeeping to ask for complimentary robes and slippers for the ultimate comfort in your suite.SPA: My husband and I opted for a 50 minute couple's massage package that included bath salt scrub and hot stone massages (he opted for deep tissue and I choose swedish). Prior to our massages, we were escorted to a waiting room (men and women were separated) where they had complimentary water/tea/sweets & snack bar. We were thoroughly impressed with the spa amenities, decor, and ambience. Not a cheap excursion but definitely worth every few hundred that you spend in this spa! OVERALL: If you want to do Vegas differently (i.e. non-smoking, non-gaming, non-noisy but still be in the midst of Vegas excitement), stay at the Vdara! You won't be disappointed. My rating is the highest I've ever given for any hotel or establishment. Like I said, I have a love affair with Vdara that will continue as long as they continue providing top-notch services and amenities aforementioned. See you at our next anniversary/birthday celebrations...until then, I miss you already Vdara!
5	Very classy hotel! Probably one of the nicest rooms I've ever stayed in. I had a deluxe suite over looking the belagio water pool. Beds were extremely comfortable. The room design was very sleek and modern! Great ventilation. The tub was awesome, very deep. And they staff was very polite and professional. Would definitely stay there again if the price is right.
4	Beautiful non smoking condo-like rooms. Super chic and clean, with your own eat in kitchen!We were celebrating my boyfriends birthday. It was his first time experiencing VEGAS. I am a bit of a Vegas junkie so I showed him the spots to go!It was both of our first times staying at Vdara, it was beautiful and a bit secluded. Not a far walk to the strip and non smoking without a casino too. This is definitely for the rich families and those who come to Vegas on business.Our room was gorgeous and the woman at the front desk was super helpful and kind. She really made us feel important and gave us a room with a beautiful view. I would like to stay here again because it was quiet, comfy, and super chic. Not five stars because you're forced to valet, not many dining options on site, no convenience store (had to walk to bellagio to get hangover remedies), bar closes early,  and they don't have jacuzzi tubs. :-(But definitely nice place to stay.
3	Highlights: nice rooms, kitchenette, easy access to  Bellagio. Negatives: pool closes at 6:00 p.m., food is expensive, check in very slow.
5	Upscale and modern. Trendy. The most sophisticated hotel we stayed so far. I upgraded to a corner suite and the views were stunning. Everything in our suite bespoke of modernistic affluence. The lounge downstairs was excellent as well with really friendly and accommodating staff. No gaming or smoking in this hotel. ARIA is next door for gaming anyway. Valet parking only. Walking distance to the strip and other hotels like Bellagio and Ceasars palace .There's a Tram for a non walking option.
4	Nice hotel but not perfect.Pros: fancy and new room, helpful staff, great viewCons: have to call service to get robes, no indoor access to aria or bellagio, poor quality shampoo
5	Fantastic:  all suites, contemporary, clean, graciously appointed, friendly and helpful staff, fabulous views and no smoking...what a great option for this California family!  Style straight out of Dwell magazine or Houzz.  Washer dryer and full kitchen. Wish we could hire the designer to update our house.  ;) Great tub and views.  Great prices- a private pool-front cabana with flat screen tv, couches and chaise lounges for $125 for the day- very friendly, attentive hosts that checked in every half hour.  Loved our stay and can't imagine staying anywhere else as I'm allergic to smoke, gold, and traditional garish Vegas decor.
4	I stayed here for my husband's birthday weekend in Vegas. It was our second favorite hotel in Vegas besides the Encore. It is an easy walk to the strip, very clean, and very nice. The rooms are very nice. We rented ours from Jet Luxury so we didn't have housekeeping every day which was kind of a bummer. Besides that it was great.
4	This a desert oasis on the Strip. Need a break from the smoke and noise of a casino hotel but still want to be in the center of the action? This is a little secret. Shhh. Don't tell too many people! It smells good, I took a deep breath unconsciously when I went in the lobby.It's dog friendly.They have a Starbucks in the lobby.The rooms are uber modern and clean with great views.The pool looks awesome.The views are great.The valet is free and nice.The mattresses were a little soft for my back.Pop down the walkway, through the Aria hotel lobby, you are in the main action again on the Strip.Totally the way to go.
4	Beautiful rooms that were intended to be condos. Loved having a corner suite (811 sq ft) however, it would have been better to have a higher floor than the 8thour view was the Bellagio Pool and the Tram which was a bit noisy at night/early morning hours. Full kitchen and washer/dryer was a plus. The bed was super comfy besides the pillows.I wanted to take home the comforter! I would have liked the toilet area to have a door so my friend doesn't have to view me while she does her hair or maybe she wanted to? The Valet was fast and nice, the bellman was super friendly and helped set up our media output. The check in clerk needed a personality and he seemed like he hated his job, he quoted us a $100.00 deposit and ended up charging us a $200 deposit! Thankfully we got reimbursed quickly. I walked to the Aria and checked it out, the employees there were so nice and I liked that it had shops, restaurants etc... I think I might stay there in the future, it's also closer to PH and the strip. Valet only but you can park at the Aria or Bellagio and walk it. Overall this place is solid for it's rooms but their security deposit is ridicules! RANDOM FACT:The Vdara is only 4 years old.
4	The place is new and clean and provides a cooktop, microwave and small sink apart from the bathroom.  The fridge, if I remember, was filled with drinks, and you were not allowed to put things in there because there was some weight system that indicated whether you took out a drink or not.  So in other words, you cannot use the fridge even to put your leftovers.Room was spacious and the pool was nice.  Yes, there is a reflection bouncing off of Aria during a big chunk of the afternoon.  I would suggest swimming in the morning to beat the crowds and for a quiet setting.  Plus, the pool gets murkier in the afternoon...if you know what I mean.You really can't ask for a more convenient location minus the premium pricing.  You're a small walk from Aria, City Center and the Cosmopolitan.  The hotel lobby connects you to a passageway to the Bellagio and to the tram that connects you to the west MGM properties.  We ended up just valeting our car once and walked during our entire stay there.The market pantry is very convenient.  It's got foods to take back up to your room, frozen foods for that microwave in you room,  offers coffee, pastries and a fulfilling breakfast.  The oatmeal and omelettes were perfect for my wife and me just before checking out.Hotel staff was friendly and helpful.  We would target Mandalay Bay in our previous visits, but Vdara has a better location so now it's Vdara that's our primary choice.
5	Love, love, love this hotel in Vegas!  I definitely will be staying here again if the price is reasonable.  At the time I made reservations they had a spring promotion going on so, I booked the City Suite for a very good deal and it was also my anniversary.  The room was FABULOUS!  It was a panoramic view of the strip, the bathroom was nice and big, bed was soft and comfortable, the kitchen was the perfect size with a fridge that had a built in filtered water system!  So glad we didn't have to buy bottled water there! I've stayed at Palazzo, Aria, Elara, Planet Hollywood, and Paris in the past and this hotel is the best one of all!
5	I love love this hotel! It is by far the best hotel I've stayed at in Vegas. It's pretty pricey, but you totally get what you paid for. It is an all suite hotel with a functional kitchen. They provide you all the cooking tools and dining dishes complimentary, just ask housekeeping for them and they will bring them right to your room. This hotel is also conveniently located in the middle of the strip. Walking or free trolley ride distance to neighbor hotels like bellagio, aria, and Monte Carlo.Let me mention, this is a 100% non-smoking and casino free hotel. A perfect place to unwind from the hustle and bustle of the las Vegas strip. When visiting the hotel and want to relax, they have a very clean and very relaxing spa. My husband and I got their couples massage and it was heaven! Once you book a spa appointment, you are welcome to use all their spa amenities such as shower, Jacuzzi, sauna, and they have a fully stocked vanity with everything you possibly need after taking a shower. They even have hair styling products and tools to let you do your hair before you leave. When you are ready to mingle with everybody else, all the attractions and casinos are only walking distance. No driving required when staying at this hotel, it is at the center of it all. Yes, it may be expensive but it is well worth it!
4	Very chic hotel. Love it!  It's pricey but it's worth it, even if for one time.  We fit a group of 6 in here..a couple in the bed, one couple on the floor and then another on the pull out sofa bed.  Plus, there's a kitchen area, so you can def mix your drinks and just party it up in your room before heading out.
5	This is my second time staying here & this is a an awesome hotel!! The staff from the front desk, housekeeping, maintenance, security to pool staff are SUPER friendly!!! They all were always very happy & up beat! They definitely love working here!!! It makes the stay so much better when you have this type of staff. I highly recommend staying here. Can be a little pricey esp. The $28:night resort fee but you definitely get what you pay for. The bed was sooooo comfortable along with the pillows. Master bathroom is very spacious & I like the extra bathroom for room guests. Just like a mini apartment, with a full kitchen minus a real oven (conventional). I would stay here again! Thanks Vdara staff for making our stay fabulous!!!!
4	Got upgraded from the 10th floor to 25th floor cuz we came for a bachelorette weekend :) soo much better since we stayed in the panoramic view room
1	Falls under expectations. Front desk staff is indifferent, feels like I'm at Target. I called in regards to a room change because ours smelled like acidic vinegar, and they said they'll either bring up fans or to come back down. Down we go, to find another huge line. I asked a front desk attendant who I should be talking to, he was rude in telling me the front desk lady I spoke to doesn't exist and he directed me to wait in the corner for his manager. Upon small talk with the manager that the front area is disorganized, he had no comment, just stayed mum. He threw my ID back unto the table and slid it towards me. No one took a moment to apologize for the inconvenience. Upon getting my new room key card, I realized the whole floor smelled like vinegar. Upon entering, the room feels like a Marriott Springfield Suites, you know one of those business extended stays, but no coffee machine :T If you're looking for a no-smoking, no casino hotel, I recommend the Trump, with a great view looking down from the north strip.
4	So far, this seems to be my go to hotel over my last couple of vegas trips. It's pretty much the aria without the casino and the smoking.Service here is top notch and quick. Everything from the valet to the room service was perfect for me. If you're staying here, try to get a room with the view of the bellagio fountains or else you'll be stuck looking at the city or the cosmo.I guess the draw back is that it doesn't have anything going on in the hotel itself but since it's walking distance to the City Center, Cosmo and Aria, you can't really complain.Overall, clean and safe and located in the middle of the strip. I can't complain!
5	Love this hotel. Very friendly staff. Clean spacious rooms. I HIGHLY recommend this property. Will def keep this property in mind the next time i go to Vegas.
5	The last time I was in Vegas I stayed at the Vdara and I have to say it's been one of my favorites. It's a smoke free facility and there's no casino, but I don't mind because I don't gamble or smoke. I heard  this hotel was built more so for people doing business which is why it's more clean and sleek than most other hotels in Vegas. I loved the interior of our room and most of all the bathroom. The bathroom is most important to me because lighting for make up is everything :) the only thing is I feel like not a lot of young adults stay here so it felt a bit awkward walking out of the lobby in our club attire, we were literally the only ones both nights...awwwwkward not really. But I would def stay here again
1	This place is billed as a 5 star hotel and spa. It is not period. This place is nothing more than a condo building that failed to sell so they turned it into a hotel to generate revenue. This place might appeal to families and people who like a little less hustle and bustle but if you came to Vagas to have a good time there are much better "5 star" hotels.Plus1. Rooms are spacious and modern. 2. Huge bathtub was good for soaking3 Free valet parkingMinus1. Its off the strip. You have to walk a good 10-15 minutes to get there2. No casino3. There is an amenity fee but there ironic thing is there are no amenities!!! The pool is tiny (and I mean really tiny), ditto the gym. There is one overpriced restaurant and a Starbucks in the lobby and thats it! You get more amenities at Circus Circus (which costs $50 a night). 4. All the rooms have a microwave and a stove but no coffee pot. Seriously. Who comes to vegas to cook on a stove. Space could have been much better utilized. Only thing I want in a hotel is the ability to make a cup of coffee when I want it. Not here5. Front desk is small and gets backed up at busy times. Expect to wait in line.6. Hotel does not have a capable 24 hour cleaning service. If you arrive at the Venetian at 7am they will find you a room. Not here. You have to keep to regular hotel check in and out hours. This is completely out of line from all the other hotels on the strip that are used to the 24 hour nature of this city. We arrived at 9am and made to wait to check in until 11am. Front desk let it be known that they were inconvenienced by the early checkin.7. The doors to the hotel are not very well designed. There are no automatic doors. A minor inconvenience as you are coming and going but a serious pain when you are arriving with luggage. There are no bell hops and so it just made check in and check out feel like a root canal.8. Master switch was a royal pain. None of the lights would turn on unless this was turned on. Cleaner would turn it off on a daily basis and it just rubbed us up the wrong way.9. Security guard nazis will not allow you into the elevator without a room key. Seriously, is this Sprint Break at Panama City?10. AC unit in our room had a hard time getting below 68. I like to sleep in cold temperatures.The only saving grace about this supposed 5 star hotel is that we used Priceline ($125 per night on a summer weekend) and we didn't pay full price. I was expecting much more but in the end we got what we paid for. I would have been livid had we paid full price.
5	Loved it! I've stayed in a few strip hotels, albeit not nice ones--Bally's, Excalibur, etc. Vdara was awesome because its located on the central Strip with easy access to all of the good stuff on the Strip. Even though the hotel itself is not directly on Las Vegas Boulevard, its really easy to get there (a really quick 5-10 minute walk) and there's a tram that goes to/from Bellagio/Vdara/Aria/Monte Carlo.There's no casino in Vdara, but it is connected to Bellagio and Aria, so you can easily go from your suite to the casino floor in 5 minutes. I was worried it would feel more isolated and less "classic Vegas" not staying at a casino hotel, but it was actually great. It was quieter and I could actually breathe in the lobby (no cigarette smoke). The lobby area had a few restaurants and a Starbucks. The rooms were awesome! I went with my family and we got two rooms--one Deluxe suite (the standard/basic one) and one Vdara suite (a slight upgrade from the Deluxe suite). Both rooms were clean, spacious, had beautiful Strip views, nice bathrooms, comfortable beds, and little kitchenette areas. Both rooms also have a large pull-out couch, which was nice because Vdara doesn't have any double queen rooms--only single kings. The Vdara suite was bigger and had an extra half bathroom, separated bedroom and living room, the kitchen was larger, and it had a washer/dryer in the room. Pretty awesome. Everything about the rooms were very modern--even down to the fancy little buttons that you push for housekeeping/do not disturb/etc. The minibar prices were kind of steep, but oh well, that's Vegas. We didn't spend too much time in our rooms but we loved them when we did. The pool area was also great. It was pretty busy (we didn't go to the pool until 2pm on a Saturday), so we didn't get a spot on the lounge chairs by the pool deck, but we still found a spot on some comfy couches and chairs near the bar and private cabanas. There was a larger pool and a few smaller hot tubs. Not too many children in the pool either, thank goodness. The prices for drinks at the pool bar were kind of ridiculous ($8 for a beer, $14 for a cocktail) but the pina coladas we ordered were quite tasty. I never made it to the gym and spa, but I also heard they were nice. Next time I go to Vegas, I will definitely be staying at Vdara again!
3	The Vdara is a very solid hotel choice for someone looking to stay near the Las Vegas Strip. It does not, however, have the feel of a luxury five-star hotel across the board. First, the good: the rooms are very nice and spacious, with stunning views from the higher floors, comfortable beds, large bathrooms, and a relatively modern look. There is no casino, so that gives the lobby a quieter feel and helps you take a breather from the commercial cheesiness of Las Vegas. There is a complimentary valet, an extremely relaxing spa area (with purchase of a reasonable day pass), and a friendly/attentive concierge. On the negative side, the pool area leaves something to be desired. It felt crowded and lacked an air of tranquility, to the extent that I would highly recommend daily rental of their "private" cabanas instead, which are pretty awesome (though undivided, so you're basically sharing with the cabanas around you). The hotel also lacks personality. It very much has the feel of a giant condo building, with a transient lobby area, a sad excuse for a bar, and a tiny market/sandwich shop in lieu of a proper restaurant. The location is decent but not amazing. Yes, it's close to the Aria, but getting to the Strip required a very long, circuitous walk - a bonus if you're eating like a fat whale, but slightly limiting if you're looking to shoot back and forth from the hotel to certain attractions. Finally,the bath products are downright nasty - the same kind of cheap, overdrying soaps and shampoos you'd expect to find at a Holiday Inn Express, not a five-star hotel. Overall, it's a GOOD hotel, but it's definitely worth exploring other options.
1	Came for a weekend with a large group of co-workers and it started off horrible from the minute we checked in! I don't even know where to begin. Our boss was going to pay not only for the rooms but the deposit you make in case anything else gets charged or things get ruined. They billed me anyways! Our rooms were not ready and they took our cell numbers and said they would call when ready, never did! Asked if we wanted coffee in our room. Never brought it! We asked them to bring sheets etc. for the fold out bed/couch and to please get it ready. Never did! At the pool we sat down and it took 45min to get a drink and just as long to get the bill! The only time we had some good service was at the little bar downstairs. Eric was great! This did not make up for anything though! DO NOT EVER GO THERE OR YOU WILL BE SORRY! I have stayed at many other las Vegas hotels and had great service! Beware!
4	Great Corner Suite!Love that its non-gaming when my kids come. They love the monorail! For a quiet, non gaming, no smoky air experience, after a fun night in town this hits the spot. Used the washer and dryer, the Kitchen and separate bedroom and auto shades are all super chic.Self-parking is not available only valet. Here we go again.
5	We've stayed at Vdara for our past 3 trips to Las Vegas. To us, it's centrally located to our dining and gambling comings and goings on the Strip. Vdara is part of the "new" City Center that is comprised of the Crystals Shopping Center, Aria, Cosmopolitan and Mandarin resorts and casinos. This property does not have a casino located in it, it is 100% smoke free and touts itself as featuring natural and green room amenities. All of Vdara's rooms are clean, spacious suites that include a well stocked mini-bar, mini refrigerator, microwave oven, cabinets and wet bar sink. Although, to me, it seems a bit odd to have a microwave oven and mini-kitchen like cabinets in this type of suite. I suppose "it works" for visitors on extended stays. In the bathroom, there is a full-sized soaking tub and shower, vanity and very quiet flushing toilet. What is impressive is the comfort of the bed...once you lie down, you'll find yourself drifting off to sleep. There is a small gym and pool. Nothing like its sister properties, but, maybe this hotel usually attracts business travelers or gamblers instead of families.Service is top notch from door-to-door. Everyone is friendly and attentive. All you need is to ask and they'll do their best to "make it happen" for you.
5	Wow!  This place cannot be beat.  Love the fact that there is no casino and that it is a non smoking hotel.  The place just FEELS clean from the second you walk in.
4	Modern hotel in the heart of the strip, but be warned you are not on the strip and you'll have to walk through either the Bellagio or Aria to get to the Blvd.  The room was spacious, and the view was nice.  The resort fee covers a daily newspaper and internet, and the internet was fast.  The cafe in the lobby is definitely overrated, both in cost and quality.  The Starbucks is like any other Starbucks but a few dollars more than you may be used to paying.  You are better off going to one of the casino's cafes or pastry/chocolate stands to get breakfast.    The fridge is small, and we never bothered using the kitchenette.  Also, as previous reviewers have noted the light switches you need to get up to turn off the lights if you are in bed.  I'd stay here again, but not at full room rate.Parking is free, and you can rent a car from the Aria casino during your stay, and if you want to explore outside of the strip this is a must.
3	Ambience and room was sufficient, however the service left something to be expected. We were so excited about staying in this chic looking hotel with the newer city centre section of Vegas. Two other people that I stayed with stayed at the Aria and immediately stated that the two were not comparable. Meaning Aria was way better especially service wise. When we checked in the hotel attendant welcomed us with a smirk and got on the phone to ask about giving us an accessible room as the deluxe booked rooms were all sold out. Ok, my friend mentioned that we were celebrating her birthday and the attendant states that she would see what she could do. When we reserved our room we booked through the hotel's website we thought we were taking advantage of the stay two nights and get a $50 food and beverage credit. However when we checked in we had to remind her or the offer after she said she didn't see anything like that. That really gave me a bad first impression vibe and little did I know the room service would be even worse:( when we finally got to our room on the 20th floor we had a nice view of city center. The decor was nice and we had a kitchenette for our convenience. Since it was accessible space wasn't an issue. Later that night we requested extra blankets and towels and never received them. So I'm the morning I was stuck waiting again for towels and could not shower or anything until they came. That night we found that the pull out bed had springs sticking out and decided to go to the front desk to express our concerns. The attendant apologized and promised when they cleaned the room we would have two extra feather beds for the pull out. To our surprise that evening we had nothing. So we called and express more concern and they informed us that the promise of two feather beds should not have happened due to the fact that the two could damage the bed but that they would honor what we were promised. After 30 mins they brought the beds and other requested items. Our last incident came when we left the next day and called for our room to be service after we left around 3pm. When we returned at 6:30 our room had not been serviced. We called once again and they apologized which at this point meant nothing...gave the resort fees back, bottles of water and more towels...our trash was over flowing and dirty towels were everywhere...it was a gross feeling all night and morning. I ran out promising never to book the Vdara again!
5	Gorgeous hotel.  Great views.  No smoke filled casino to get through.  LOVED it.  You are a little off the strip, but I liked it.  We got our car out of valet to drive down to the Neon Museum (DO IT), but other than that, pretty much walked everywhere.  The rooms are huge, the bathtubs are AMAZING, and the housekeeping is great.  The front desk clerks are very nice and the maintenance staff is very quick.  I would stay here again and again.
5	The stay at the Vdara was fantastic!  We visit Las Vegas several times a year and will never stay anywhere else again.  Summer upgraded us when we checked in from the panoramic suite to the one bedroom penthouse and it was lovely!  The suite looked out over the fountains at the Bellagio - the view was to die for!  There was a full kitchen and washer and dryer in the unit.  There was a large soaking tub and very nice shower.  We absolutely loved the Vdara!!!
4	This was my first time staying here. It is not the typical vegas stay. It is quieter. It is less hectic. It feels like going home. The rooms aren't rooms, they are suites. Some complain about the lack of "action" here. That's the point. We walked and got cabs to everything crazy and exciting Vegas is supposed to be, then when we drug our butts back to Vdara it was perfect. Quiet and relaxing. Great for recharging and going at it tomorrow. The pool area is more hotel pool than resort pool. The cafe and bar downstairs are good. The location is great, short walk to the strip, aria, and bellagio. If your idea of vegas is leaving the room to stay in the building for a buffet and gambling then this isn't for you. You sleep here, relax here, eat and drink a little here, then you go out to experience vegas. Great water pressure, room temp control, nice views from the corner suites. It gave us a high roller feel. And housekeeping took the time not to just clean up and make the bed, but we noticed small things. A pair of shorts thrown on a chair were folded, our toiletries strewn about the sink were lined up neatly. I know these are small things but they don't happen everywhere. Even other nice places I've stayed on the strip they don't happen.If I had one complaint, it would be in the billing. The daily $25 resort fees (just include it in the rate) and the 100 dollar per day security charge that they hold onto for a week after you leave. That security deposit seems unnecessary.  Overall though I loved it.
5	A great place to stay with amazing rooms and fantastic customer service.  Very clean modern and classy place that's a short walk off the strip.  Juan in the Business center also did a great job for us when I needed to get some documents scanned for business.Really recommend a stay at the Vdara!  Price is very reasonable and you will love the room.
5	After having stayed here on two separate occasions within a 60 day period, the Vdara is now my "Go To Hotel" while in Vegas. I stayed in both a split and full room of which by the way all rooms are suites! The out the door price per night was fantastic on both trips for work and the "Wow" factor for me was when one of the early morning car valets recognized me from my first trip in early March and acknowledged me on my second trip at the end of April. In addition, I like the fact that the planners had really thought about the access entering and departing the hotel when using a car as you can enter on the backside of the hotel on Harmon Ave and not have to fight the mobs of people walking on Las Vegas Blvd. Great job Vdara! The Vdara and Aria which are one of the many hotels owned by MGM share the same circle car entrance which is also very nice and one can walk  from the Vdara to the Aria without any hassles to the various restaurants, cafes and bars without working up a sweat.
5	Great hotel, great staff! 4.5 stars!Vdara is a nice hotel to choose if you want to avoid the craziness of Vegas. It's technically off the strip but a three minute walk gets you inside Bellagio or Aria! The rooms and staff are top notch! Definitely a plus when they remember your name! Cici helped me out several times and was able to get me extra keys and late check out! I had two rooms and one was upgraded to the city view. I recommend trying to get it upgraded or booking it over the deluxe because the room setup is nicer, more spacious and you get a good view of Vegas! Both have great identical bathrooms! I enjoyed the soaking tub. Room comes with a kitchen as well, didn't use it much except for the mini fridge for storing booze.Hotel only has a Starbucks, bar and little food shop in the lobby. Pool was average. Not your typical Vegas pool full of drunk people and loud music.I wouldn't stay here if you want the whole "Vegas" experience. Those urges to hop from hotel to hotel to gamble, drink, club and eat cheap greasy food are difficult because of the location.
4	I had to spend a few days in Vegas house hunting (alone) so chose the Vdara as a comfortable, quiet option. I loved the casino-less vibe and it's tranquil environment. My suite was awesome, eat-in kitchen, sofa, bedroom and bathroom. Great tub for relaxation and a comfortable bed. Room was clean, decor was nice and all window coverings were electronic. One gripe was the bathroom door... it was 'frosted' - in other words 'see through'. I didn't like that, thankfully I was traveling alone, it would have been weird otherwise.The giant let down in the room was the one thing I paid extra for - the kitchen. After I had flown into town and spent a full day house hunting all I wanted to do was check-in and make myself a nice warm tea. This proved to be quite the drama. The kitchen was not equipped with anything. I had to call housekeeping and ask for a pan (to boil water) and a cup. After waiting the best part of 45 minutes (!!!) room service arrived with a pan... but no cup. Another 10 minutes and one arrived. Of course I could have gone downstairs and bought a Starbucks for less than the housekeeping tip but I don't care for their drinks.Anyways, my point being, why provide a kitchen if you don't provide any utensils? Why make me call housekeeping for something that should just - be there. It's like giving me a bed without a pillow.All in all a very nice stay, just slightly frustrating and not quite the five stars I was hoping for.
4	Just spent 3 nights at the Vdara.  We really liked this hotel a lot.  The hotel is smaller than the other resorts around which makes it quicker to check in and also short walks to the elevators.  Great trendy decor throughout the hotel.  We had a corner suite on the 5th floor.  Had a great view of the street and city center complex.  Staff was friendly and service was fast.  Fridge and Kurig coffee maker were a plus.  Only downside to this hotel is it is on the backside of city center and getting to the strip is a bit of a chore.  Not having a casino was not a big deal as Aria was a 2 minute walk away.  My only complaint that takes away a star is the AC in my room.  No matter what I set it to it never got cooler than 74.  We had two other guests that were with us and their rooms would cool down into the 60's.  It may have been that having large windows on 3 sides of our room and that they faced towards the west caused the room not to cool properly.  Might be something they should look at.  Also a fan in the bedroom would have been nice to.  Overall I would definitely return to this hotel.
3	Hotel was very nice. Bartenders at VBar were knowledgeable/professional. Loved the washer and dryer in the room and kitchen area. Beware the pool area can be HOT HOT HOT!!!
5	I thoroughly enjoyed my stay here.  Bed was great, service great, clean, friendly. I like that there is no casino so that you can come home to a quieter not smoky refuge off the strip.  Lower rooms can hear pool music so bring ear plugs for a daytime nap or request higher room.
2	I normally stay at Aria but for MDW we had to book our room at vdara because aria was sold out..:(  Now why the 2 star?  First of all they have 1 remote for 2 tv. So if the people in the room wants to use both of the tv then we have to share remotes? And on top of that the remote was not working either. AND they took forever to bring a new remote to us and requested for extra remote but they said no. 2nd..the pull out bed was not even decent. You can feel all the springs on the bed. We requested a thicker blanket like the bed but they saud they have to check because they might of ran out.. what hotel runs out of blankets?? But luckly they found one and brought us. Yay 1 star.3rd we requested room service .. left the room at 11 in the morning came back to the room around 5? thinking that the room is cleaned and with fresh towels.. but no. They came in around 6 30pm of course we're in the room resting..we're not going to leave for her to clean.. we requested lots of towels and she gave us a lot so plus 1 star. All in all i will not stay at vdara again..
5	Memorial Day weekend was very memorable at the Vdara. Check in with no problems, room was ready and cleaned. The atmosphere, let's just say there is plenty of eye candy in the hotel. I would recommend any couple to book this hotel for a weekend getaway.
5	I loved everything about the Vdara!! The pool area is on the 3rd level.It was pretty spacious for all the hotel guest and they had umbrellas for when the sun was too much. They even had a DJ and a reserved area with more pools to chill at. The waitresses were really nice and quick as they could be considering it was a holiday. They have a nice selection of summer cocktails and light foods to eat so you aren't hungover. The bathrooms and views of the city center were a nice touch too! The bathroom has a deep tub that you have to relax in after a long walk on the strip and a shower too! So if it's a hotel with girls two people can get ready at once. I liked how it was away from the hectic part of Vegas, but still luxurious. We were just a walk away from Bellagio, Aria and Cosmopolitan... Planet Hollywood was only a $7 taxi ride and it's worth it if you have on heels or if you're on a schedule. But all in all this will be my favorite hotel to stay at from now on! Oh and get an M Life card. They give discounts.Bar Vdara review is seperate
4	My wife and I stayed here as a birthday getaway for her. This hotel is top notch. The service, from the valet, the front desk, the spa attendant to the waitress serving us cocktails at the pool are top notch. The rooms and amenities are modern. But the best part of the hotel is no smoking and no massive casino that you have to walk through to get to your room. The only negative comment I have is the $25 daily resort fee which is quite steep considering it only covers two bottles of water a day, wi-fi use in hotel, daily newspaper and printing of your boarding passes via the business center. The fee should at least include access to the sauna and jacuzzi in the spa, which is an additional $28 per day but free if you purchase a massage or facial treatment at the spa. But overall thus hotel is top notch and my new favorite place to stay in Las Vegas.
4	We loved our stay here!  The rooms were modern, new and well kept as was the entire hotel.  The staff were awesome - very friendly, helpful and pleasant.  The location is, in our opinion, one of the best in Vegas - easy access to most everything.  The pool gets pretty murky by mid-afternoon but I suppose that's to be expected with all of the suncreen and sweat (ewwww ;) and I'm sure most other places have the same problem.  The cafe charges an astronomiocal $19 for bacon and eggs, but the other deli and snack items are reasonably priced.  We loved the relative quiet (besides all the kids at the pool) and the non-smoking.  So close to Bellagio, just talk a stroll over there for a more reasonably priced breakfast :)
5	CLEAN STYLISHSPACIOUSThe suite is totally worth it. The bed is phenomenal and they even offer a second mini fridge that is empty so you can store your own food :-) I LOVED THIS PLACE
1	I hated it here! First impression 3 men at the valet stand laughing and talking while I take my bags out of my car. No one offered to help  because they are obviously too busy talking. The room was nice and big. The check in agent was nice and helpful. Once in the room we called for towels and sheets for the pull out couch, housekeeping took over 45 mins. This is unaccpetable. 4 Stars really? Are we giving this to anyone? There was dust on everything tables, couch, chairs, and window sill. Even worse were the mystery stains on the couch talk about disgusting, mystery white stains!!! How unsanitary Clearly they need to up their cleaning skills and require some sort of checklist when clean the guest rooms. I would never stay at this hotel again. Not worth the price or the wait.
5	The Vdara Is one of my favorite hotels when I visit Vegas. They are a Non-smoking Non-Gaming property owned by the MGM Group and I prefer to this hotel for a couple reasons. While most people go to Vegas to go crazy and unleash, I prefer to unwind and the Vdara is comfortable and allows its guests to go out for fun or have a good time but come back to a calm and peaceful enviroment to rest. The rooms here are beautiful and offer great rates in comparison to other Vegas hotels rates'. The beds are comfortable, the rooms are spacious and the property is quiet. You don't have to worry about being woken up all night long by loud music or deal with drunk people passed outside the door to your room because this hotel, while not the most expensive, Is simply classy and they offer great amenities, and services. This property offers awesome customer service, a great location, and modern touches which are overlooked or simply outdated at many of the older properties.
2	Good location with some poor housekeeping and service.   Going back in 2013 the stocked toiletries were haphazard, randomly all shampoo and a shower gel, when I called down to fix it it took a while and they gave a jumbled amount of everything like they couldn't bother to give one of each?  I would understand if it were busy, but passing by an open room door with a maid cart parked in front of it you could see four maids sitting around chatting away.  Worried about things being clean after that and looking closer furnishings were dusty.  The furniture has not been well maintained and it's definitely not nice and shiny like when I went in 2010.I booked the room cheap and that's the only reason it's not 1 star.
5	If I could give VDARA a 6 star I would. I booked the city corner suite for my birthday and it was amazing!!!!  It was clean , fancy, great view. It is worth it I loved it. We even checked out their pool and it was nice also.  This will definitely be my nice place to stay at. :) And also their service is great.
3	The three star ranking is going to be for this most recent visit only, because my first visit was a five star experience.Checked in at 2am because It's our 3 year anniversary and we just finished having a great time gambling, feasting and watching Penn & Teller that night before coming in.We check in and have to wait 45 minutes (3am now).  The room wasn't quite ready yet. We head out the next day around 2...hit the "room service" required button. We come back that evening and all our dirty dishes are still out from breakfast room service and no housekeeping  was done that day.  Hence the 3 star.  Two routine expectations that went unmet at a luxury hotel in Las Vegas.What saved the ranking from being lower was the fabulous staff, courteous manager and bell woman.  They also gave me a $100 food and beverage credit and 3pm late checkout.  So overall, great service and staff.  Just need to work out the kinks systematically to ensure a smooth check in process and create a good first impression.  I would give it one more chance because it is a lovely hotel and great value for the price.
4	My boyfriend made the arrangements to stay at this "5-star Hotel."  I'm thinking, cool, five stars, I don't have to worry about a thing! I'm a terrible packer so this sounded good to me.  Hmm, not the case. We arrived mid-day, no problems, no worries. We stopped by the local Food 4 Less for provisions - champagne and the like. It was his birthday and they were nice enough to upgrade us to a beautiful suite over looking the Bellagio and the Cosmopolitan pool.  Sweet view of the Bellagio fountain show! The suite itself is awesome.  It was like a modern studio apartment.  So on to this 5 star ridiculousness.  The kitchen area was great, stove, fridge, table .. but no wares.  Not a single cup in the whole place. Not even in the bathroom was there a rinse cup.  5 stars, I'm expecting a robe, right? Not so much.  Apparently, you have to call down for services.  Okay.  I've stayed at full service places before and I get it, you bring me silverware and ice when I need it.  This place, we called for robes, we called for glassware, we called for dishes, but we had to get our own ice :)  We got our own ice and waited for nearly 20 minutes for our glassware to come up.  I'm real thirsty at this point.The bathroom looked good.  The large soaking tub was great.  I prefer my bathroom to have a fan or something, but this one only had a light.  Weird.  The amenities were awful.  5 stars and all we get are Q tips and a facial pad? huh? The shampoo, conditioner and lotion were in square bottles which made it nearly impossible to get out - which you might think is being picky, but my shower experience was so frustrating. It was like trying to get ketchup out of a Heinz bottle in the shower. No bueno. Large beautiful windows - great night lights and the early morning was also beautiful but too bad I couldn't enjoy my coffee while I got ready in the morning because there was no coffee pot!  On the same card as the price display for the mini bar, there's a coffee service item for $15.  The boyfriend doesn't drink coffee and I wasn't going to pay $15 for a cup of coffee that probably would have taken 20 minutes to get to me. I guess I could have gone downstairs to the Starbucks, but that kinda ruins the whole relaxing-in-my-room-before-I-step-out-into-the-world morning routine. Other than a complete miss on my 5-star expectations, it was a nice hotel.  It's a spa hotel and it smelled like a spa, which is super nice in Vegas since most every other hotel smells like ashes.  Its location is a bit bizarre.  Because it's kind of towards the back of the Aria circle, it took us nearly 20 minutes to get out of the hotel, on the tram, and onto the strip! I felt like maybe because I didn't know what I was getting into, I wasn't prepared, my experience was so-so.  And this 5 star business ... even the Motel 6 gives you free in-room coffee!  It's the little things that make it a 5 star, right? The service and the amenities.  Vdara wants to be 5 star but really, she's 4 star at best. My advice: Stay here and be prepared.  Call ahead with requests for wares and robes and everything else they are willing to do for you.
5	From service, to the amazing people ! This is a great hotel ! Totally recommend this hotel ! No casino which was the best part ! I don't gamble & it's so clean as well
5	The view from the corner suite with the fountain view is amazing. The hotel is a refreshing retreat from the smoke filled casino madness. Also it is ideally located in the middle of the Strip next to spots that you will want to go.
5	I love staying at Vdara! The atmosphere of this hotel definitely feels like a modern contemporary retreat. All the employees are very friendly, accommodating, and resourceful. We usually come to Vegas during the week and it's great, less crowds and complimentary upgrades! We spent this week at the penthouse suite on the 55th floor and the view was amazing! The rooms were kept clean and housekeeping did a swell job on maintenance and turn down service. On this stay we ordered room service for dinner and it was fabulous! Our server set up our dining table in the room as if we were at a restaurant, he even brought up a small vase with flowers, it was so special. The food was amazing and worth every penny! Shrimp cocktail with huge, and I mean huge, fresh prawns was the appetizer. For entrees I ordered the Short Ribs Pappardelle and the boyfriend ordered Grilled Filet Mignon with mashed potatoes and baby vegetables. Everything came out perfect, my pasta was fresh made and his steak was flavorful and tender. I love visiting the lobby bar here at Vdara. Their cocktails are tasty and they always have new items on their drink and good menu. This hotel has so much to offer you don't even notice there isn't a casino, which isn't a problem at all because Aria is so close. The calming music and sweet perfume of the hotel actually makes me feel like I am on a relaxing vacation, and acts as a great getaway from the hustle and bustle of the on goings of the strip. I definitely recommend this hotel to everyone.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this hotel. I went to Vegas for the first time a few weeks ago and stayed at Vdara. I really enjoyed the 'clean' atmosphere. There was no cigarette smoke to choke me and I didn't have to listen to the annoying sounds of a casino. This hotel is clean, modern, and welcoming. Definitely recommend this to anyone who is visiting Vegas!!
3	I love the vdara!My boyfriend and I came in on a Sunday and checked in around 9:30pm. We were on the 34th floor with an incredible view of the Bellagio fountains! The room itself was wonderful. There was a small kitchenette with a sink, microwave, stove top burner, mini bar and mini fridge (complete with 2 complimentary waters) The room was very spacious with a table for dining and a couch to kick back on. The bathroom had a HUGE soak tub! I mean you could have a party in that thing. There was also a seperate shower. The bed was also very comfy! Oh and the front desk staff was very kind and accomodating. Now the reason i took off a star.. POOR HOUSEKEEPING!!! First, we called housekeeping for robes and ended up waiting around an hour before leaving the room. Thankfully they were there when we returned. Second, i found trash in the kitchenette area that hadn't been cleaned by housekeeping from a previous guest. GROSS!! Third, they THREW AWAY our shuttle passes! WTH?! Now we have to pay a taxi nearly $20 because of their dumbass mistake. I was very upset about that. and Lastly, (nothing to do with housekeeping).. there was a dog on our floor that kept barking and barking and barking some more. We booked this hotel because there was no casino and in hopes it would be more quiet and relaxing. No, little red Rover did not let me sleep. Thats okay i only had the worlds worst hangover no problem.All in all I would probably book this hotel again.
5	I love this place! My boyfriend treated me to a "staycation" for my birthday and surprised me with this. The entire time we were there, from the time we checked in to the time we checkout out, was amazing! Our room was beautiful and the view from the 33rd floor was awesome as well. The entire staff impressed me with how hospitable they all were, especially the bartenders and the bell boys. The only complaint I would have is the room next to us a barking dog but we mentioned it to one of the staff and it stopped. I would come back here in an instant!
5	We stayed here for the first time last week. Been wanting to stay here since it opened. Well....we finally did. The Vdara is probably one of the best hotels we've stayed at in Vegas. We were very impressed. Super clean, very nice, convenient and classy. All the employees we interacted with treated us with nothing but respect. We will definitely be coming back.
4	Well I just got back today from staying at vdara and I loved the room. I got a great email deal so it was a decent price but wow let me tell you its an amazing experience.  The bed was the best so soft and comfortable. Pillows were just right need to find out what kind they are to buy some. Bathroom was great loved the fact the bathtub was big and we could completely fit inside. Water was nice and soft which is a plus. I appreciated the fact we had a microwave but here was the cons.Cons: mini fridge was broken we called an hour into being there they sent someone out however she said she couldnt fix it. She offered for us to use the paid mini fridge side but it still didn't get very cold and it constantly got stuck. They were suppose to send someone the next day it never happened. It was disappointing that they didn't send a person I expected more since it's more upscale than other hotels. The blackout shades are not really blackout shaded they need to modify it so its just 1 long one because short individual still let plenty of light in and Im a light sleeper and it woke me up early.
4	the rooms are sooo comfortable. The staff is very pleasant and helpful.. Anything I needed everyone was more than helpful. Food was good from the hotel and the hotel bar made tasty drinks. I love the tub (relaxing) I love the blackout shades, the kitchen and dining area in my room. I have intentions of returning soon.
5	Very happy with our stay here.  We wanted a place on the Strip, but without having to drag the kids through a smoky casino to get to the elevators.  They have none of that here, opting to be a straight hotel.  Their companion hotel, The Aria, has that a very short walk away.The hotel feels very modern and brand-new.  The room was exceptional.  We got a suite, so we could have a few nights away from the kids.  The kitchenette allowed us to store a few things, and feel right at home.  The bed put us to sleep in just minutes.My only complaint is the price of the drinks there.  $15 for a bloody mary?  And just Sky vodka.  I've been to Vegas a number of times, so I'm surprised when I get sticker-shocked by something.  Take your drinking elsewhere, or just bring something to your room before hitting the pool.
5	I got to stay here for free (Well, paid in points at least lol) It's $97 for one of their "deluxe" suites at the time, the view was incredible, so clean too, easily the cleanest hotel room I've ever been in, all the furniture and sheets smelled brand new, the staff was incredible, it was on my birthday, they gave me a free champagne bottle, the little juice bar/cafe downstairs was convenient the next morning after a long night of drinking, the interior design is very modern, we saw a lot of Europeans there, very classy crowds, no noise, nobody screaming or drunk in the hallway, just perfect! Would stay here again and again. Would give it 6 stars if I could, knowing that it is partially owned by Dubai World also made it that much better lol, GO HERE!!
5	They weren't kidding when they said do Vegas differently. I was a little unsure about the whole no casino thing and not directly on the strip thing, but since I flew in to Vegas for EDC, I knew I wasn't going to be spending much time in my room anyway since my friends and I were a bit ambitious with the pool parties, clubs, and actual event at the speedway. It was SO NICE to have a relaxing setting without all the cigarette smoke you would find in your usual casino resort. It's not too far off the strip and you can always take the tram to aria/crystals/Monte Carlo. The breakfast is pretty delicious for room service food. The dinner menu ok. It looks kind of unappetizing but it tastes all right if you're too lazy to go out or have some comps available. You can charge everything to your room which is cool. Housekeeping is awesome. They reorganized our messy stuff on the tables/bathroom (in a good way) and clean the shower each day for you so it's like your in a new room each time you come back. The staff are super nice too. Hands down the best experience I've had in a Vegas hotel. I realized how bad my MGM experience was last year while on this stay lol.
4	Great hotel!!! Just stayed here this past weekend and I was well pleased with everything there. Service was great, rooms was clean and comfortable. Very quite and non smoking casino. I would stay here again!
3	So there were a lot of great things about this hotel but also a lot of little things that bugged me.Pros:-Beautiful hotel/rooms-We received a free upgrade with a fountain view-Room service food was yummy-Friendly/helpful staff-No smoking in the hotelCons:-The shades don's block out all the light-Can't charge things to your room/must pay over phone-Couldn't buy movies. Had to call and pay with card-Mini bar menu was there but fridge was empty and locked-Towels took an hour to come upThe hotel was so nice and modern I really did enjoy it and probably would stay here again. The little things I mentioned were just annoying and things I haven't ever had issues with at other hotels. If I'm ordering food I don't want to give you my credit card info and pay then.. I'm on vacation.. I want to take care of that at the end. Also, when you party all night and want to sleep all day it's nice to have a dark room.. these rooms have tons of light even with the "blackout shades" closed.More like 3.5 stars.
4	I booked the hotel without knowing it is a hotel ONLY, no casino. Then I realize it is quite nice without all the noise and crowd rushing left and right. It is a no smoking hotel which is really great and help keep my lung clean!
5	The sitch: Going to Vegas for the first time with boyfriend and his friends who go yearly (if not twice yearly). For rewards reasons, boyfriend prefers MGM properties.After we spent a few days deliberating where to stay, we decided Vdara was the best in terms of price for what you get. We originally booked a city corner suite, but a few weeks prior to check-in we were invited to upgrade to the executive city corner suite. 1 1/2 baths, dining space for 4 people, full kitchen, living room and bedroom.  Ridiculous for two people? Yes. But isn't Vegas the place for that kind of ridiculousness? The rooms are all about being seamless: almost everything is controlled by pushing a button or flipping a switch on pad of switches per room. Whether it's just turning on the lights, drawing the blinds or changing the temperature.I also really love that Vdara isn't a casino hotel.  It feels so refreshing to walk through the entrance and not feel like I'm upping my chances of lung cancer by the minute.   I think that is one of the reasons it's a great hotel for anything spa-related.  It's just clean. comfortable. nice. The only thing I wish it had was a more "complete" restaurant or bar.  Both the small cafe and the bar make you feel a little on display by everyone lingering in/walking through. However, Aria is just a few steps away and have all the amenities of the bigger casino hotels. I'd recommend anyone taking a trip to LV to consider Vdara!
3	Nice rooms and good staff, however at the end of the stay they tried to charge is a "resort fee". It's for the "complimentary" wifi and water. If you complain long enough they'll waive it, but it's complete horseshit.
1	Vdara Hotel was my choice hotel until I tried checking in today.  Was told my room was not ready and would have to wait 2 hours. I checked my luggage in to hold and went off to kill time.  Three hours later.. My corner suite is still not ready.  The hotel lets customers know by the hour.. So despite my room may be ready at 4:10... I have to wait until 5:00 to be informed that it's ready. Not good! I will be late to my event.. But rest assuredly when 10 of my friends return to Vegas in sept it will NOT be the Vdara that we stay. I'm so disappointed.
3	This is a beautiful, modern hotel with nice rooms, but it is not for me. Too far to walk to anywhere good and I miss having a casino right there. Aria and bellagio are nearby, but neither of these are great places to gamble if you are a low roller like me.A couple of positive notes: the beds are great, the tub is nice (but is smaller than it looks and fills up fast), the little fridge and kitchen area are nice and the elevators are fast. We are on the 50th floor and have a great view, but can hear the freeway pretty loudly. Also the blackout curtains are pretty useless. The toiletries are ok, kinda generic looking, but according to the literature placed in the bathroom, they are "specially formulated". They work ok and smell vaguely of baby shampoo.Anyway, if you are on a business trip and hate Vegas (i.e., not me at all), this is probably a great choice for a hotel.   I probably wouldn't stay here again personally unless the price was amazing here and terrible everywhere else.
1	My experience at the Vdara was awful. I went on a bachelorette/bachelor party and we booked two deluxe suites and one premium view room. Now comes the down and dirty on the Vdara - and I mean "dirty" literally. The suites were okay. One of them had a fold out couch that was broken. The front desk was called and an hour later a guy shows up at 11pm to say he was sorry but couldn't help us as the couch was heavy and he was getting off work in 10 minutes. Yeah, he actually said that! They did bring a single bed on wheels but we had to cram the other person in another room. Awful. In the premium room, there was - I dare say - an unknown liquid under the sink that could or could not have been a bodily fluid; but I prayed it was white opaque soap. Towels were stained with what I hope was rust, we never got any replacement washcloths so we used hand towels, the sink drained slow and gurgled, and a few bathroom tiles were loose and rocked when you stepped on them. Plus the mini fridge was broken and wouldn't go to a cold setting but remained at "cool" which is only slightly better than lukewarm. Oh, and our alarm clock (which is unable to be unplugged from a socket) kept going off at odd times and the off switch didn't work. The pool was disgusting and when I got out of it (note I was not wearing lotion or anything on my skin before) I was covered in oil from the slick that resides on the water surface. So gross! We also got disgusting food from the marketplace and The Bar Vdara: how about some strange liquid from old berries in the middle of your yogurt parfait? or a plate of soggy calamari while it sits on a shelf covered by plastic wrap? or better yet, nachos that probably were made using ingredients prepared more than 24 hours ago? Yeah, I thought not. Again, awful. Lastly Vdara has "complimentary valet parking" which translates to having to pay each time you want to use your car (we felt so bad for the valets as they run themselves ragged to get the cars out) and a good 30 minute wait with everyone else and their mother during peak times in the morning and evening. Yeah, take it from me - avoid this place at all costs!!! It's is not worth staying at for free let alone for the prices they charge for their "premium" rooms.
4	I really enjoyed my recent stay at the Vdara.It was nice to be able to have a mini fridge in the room without having to pay $$ per day! It was also nice to be self contained, although I'm not sure who would really use the rest of the kitchen whilst in Vegas..?!I really liked the large windows and electronic blackout blinds. We had a nice view overlooking the Vdara pool and the Aria across the road.My one complaint would be that there is no indoor walkway to the other casinos. It might sound lazy but it is a luxury to avoid walking outside in the 115F desert heat to get to a casino or nice restaurant- especially if you sweat lots in the heat (!)
4	99 for deluxe suite.  Nice looking room with good view of the pool, Aria, and streets. Valet was not bad, about 5 to 10 mins wait. I would stay here again.
3	We stay in this hotel for EDC week 2013 I booked it because I though it was a 5 star hotel but it's not it 4 ahhh I will never make that mistake again. There no casino or night club or restaurant the room is small, we had a suite and we could barely sleep 5 people. All in all I will never ever stay here again!!!!
3	While our room was nice, and the price was great, our check-in experience left something to be desired.  When we arrived at our first room a locksmith was working on the door - which would not close properly - so we had to go back to the lobby for another assignment.  Our second room was larger than the first, and on the 51st floor which provided an excellent view of the Strip, but there was food left in the microwave from a previous guest that gave the room a terrible odor.  We had to ask the bellman for assistance with disposing of the trash.  We were thankful for a small kitchenette, but found there were no plates or flatware - you must request them.  The hotel also does not provide wash cloths or blow dryers in the rooms.  Perhaps these are also provided by request.  This is a nice hotel and a great place to stay if you get it at a discount and don't mind requesting resources from the front desk.
2	I was looking forward to staying vdara with my bf on 4th July weekend. Pros:-Modern -Non smoking Cons:-Not on the strip-Valet parking only (super busy long wait around the checkout time)-No casino-Confusing light switches-Bathtub looks big but not big enough for 2-Blinds don't close completely (a big no no for LV if you want to sleep in)-Kitchen doesn't come with any dishes or cooking utensils  -Room was dusty doesn't seem clean-Hard to find bathrooms in the lobby (small signs no way of knowing)I'd rather stay at Bellagio for location or Palms place for suites.
2	Place is great and dog friendly! I'm giving 2 stars coz I got my car back from the valet and smelled like burnt rubber. FYI my car has manual transmission. I don't trust their valet anymore. Vdara needs to tell their valet people to respect our cars when they drive it. Big disappointment.
4	This is def a 4.5 star hotel, but I rarely round up. I had a great time at Vdara. The service was attentive and the location is great because there are a lot of hotels within walking distance (under 6 min.) The room was nice but a tad small with the couch bed pulled out.  I def like that they had a kitchen; but the downstairs market had overpriced food (albeit it was good.) I wasn't put off by the fact there was no casino as it was a nice change of pace. That said, that there wasn't much to do at all (even in terms of dining) so that is what separates it from a five star place in my book. I'd stay here again for sure because it wasn't that expensive.
4	i want to give 4.25 starsits very nice! has amazing rooms, there nice and big and reasonably priced! the rooms are very classy looking, good service at the front desk , they take the MLIFE card so that helpsthe bad thing is that THERES NO CASINOthe good think about that is that theres no annoying dirty casino smoke smell but its vegas! you kinda want that feel! its a 7 minute walk to belaggio thats a good think but kinda bummed when you wanna gamble fast!! hahah and your tired... from all the walking
2	This is a really nice place but housekeeping needs to take better care of the rooms. The first two nights the room was not as clean as it should have been and the cleaning person on the third night did a really good job. Other than that, staff was great and resort is beautiful. Plus it doesn't charge for parking.
5	My wife and I stayed at the Vdara about three years ago and still talk about going back.  We liked the sleak rooms with the big windows.  The beds are the most comfortable of anywhere we've stayed in Vegas.  It's also fun to have a washer and dryer combo in the room.  We'll definitely be going back soon.
5	Got a suite on the 52nd floor. If you have a M card, use that to get your room because we got a pretty good discount. Things to note is that, IMO I think it's better to park at cosmo self park instead of Aria. Great staff, great room. it's just so nice inside. You're right next to Aria and Cosmo. And you can take the rail to Belaggio.And it's nice that it's not a casino. so no smoke smell here.
5	Best Hotel in Vegas!First off I'm not a gambler and not a fan of breathing smoky air, with that being said Vdara already had an edge in my book.The location is great. It connects to the Bellagio and is right next to the cosmopolitan.  The rooms are amazing. We had a corner suite on the 40th floor and wow, what a view!! We brought food and drinks since there is a full size fridge and cook top(that helped save $$ on food costs)Service was amazing from the front desk, bell service, and anything we needed they answered promptly.The workout facility was adequate but not as impressive as some other hotels, but we still had a good workout.The pool was relaxing. They played good music and there is lots of shade if you want to take a break from the sun.  It's not a party pool or lush gardens but it worked.  I have stayed at over 10 different hotels on the strip.... This is my favorite. Each hotel has a different charm but it nice to be able to get away from the craziness and go right back to it when you want it.
5	Rooms here are PHENOMENAL! Stayed here for 5 nights with2 other buds in a Vdara Suite. Very nice & quiet. Super clean, well appointed stylish room. Appliances & kitchen area rocked. Spa was small but nice & quiet - $25/day? Security guys at the elevators were always polite and checking cards. Quiet! Walk 4 minutes down Harmon towards the strip, take a left into the Cosmo parking garage, and BAM! You're at the Cosmo. BOND Lounge and The Chandelier Bar are must stops at the Cosmo. Aria is even a  closer walk from the front door. The Wicked Spoon buffet at Cosmo is awesome (MUCH better than the Aria buffett IMHO). Quick free tram ride to either MC or Bellagio is available literally around the corner from the front entrance. Skip Crystals unless you are hitting the Social House Happy Hour...Not too much more expensive than most of the midlevel hotels on the strip, and cheaper (and just as nice as) than the higher rnd strip hotels. I really hate staying in a standard small hotel room now. Having a fridge and a living/lounge area is a nice convenience. Check out the Vdara. You won't be disappointed...
5	It was a wonderful experience at Vdara stayed. Room had a city n Bellagio fountain view except the poor too small n the chair a bit dirty at the poor. No restaurant u have to walk too Arias, it not far but u have to go outside the building it hot.  Non smoking n casino which it a huge plus.No self parking which it a little inconvenience because I'm not a person like to wait for a car to come I like to walk n take my car right away. Also a little confuse when u first time come the direction wasn't that clear like other hotels. Service was good n friendly,the reception area wasn't fancy like Cosmopolitans n other hotel.  Highly recommend this to who doesn't like smoking n gambling.
5	Will come back. Service was amazing. They gave us the ultimate stay experience with there huge complimentary room upgrade. From a 1 bedroom suite to the 2 bedroom loft penthouse. Due to our kids coming last minute they accommodate our needs.Thank you so much vdara. You made my anniversary celebration wonderful!
5	Another overdue review!  My family and I had the pleasure of staying here in March/April 2013.  We chose it mainly because of its location and the fact that it does not allow smoking and there is no casino.  We actually brought our kids to Vegas and just didn't feel right exposing them to gambling.  Besides, we come to Vegas to EAT, not gamble (no judgment!).  As I understand, Vdara was supposed to be a tower of condominiums, but don't quote me on that.  Our suite was AMAZING.  Our youngest even said that she'd rather live there than our own home (silly girl).  Loved the sleek minimalist styling, the spacious rooms, and incredible views from the wrap-around windows.  Bellagio, Aria, etc. are walking distance and there's easy access to the rail.  We would return to this hotel in a heartbeat on our next trip to Vegas.
5	We loved our stay at the Vdara and here's why.Non-smoking hotel. As a non-smoker, this is worth 5 stars on its own. I mean, walking into a hotel like this is LITERALLY a breath of fresh air. No smoke filled elevator ride. No pool side cloud of a toxic fumes. Aaahhh!There is no gaming on property either but seriously, walk around a semi-circle road just outside the front door and you'll have 5 minute access to either the Cosmopolitan or the Aria.The room was spectacular with a small bathroom at the entrance, washer and dryer, a full kitchen, dining seating for 4 people, a little family area with pull out sofa bed (which didn't seem very comfortable), a desk area and a separate master bedroom with full en suite. The automation of the entire suite was a little daunting at first, but by the end of the day, we were masters of opening and closing the sheers and blackout blinds.There are no real restaurants on property either, but again, walk out for 5 minutes and you have access to an abundance of fine dining. They do have room service, which we found to be wonderful. We ordered dinner one night (the short rib pappardelle) and our server was excellent. He made us feel like royalty... seriously! The servings were huge, so next time I would likely order just one dish and maybe a salad or side. Here's a hint if you plan to stay a few days in a room like this. Call housekeeping for some kitchen utensils and prep item, then head to Whole Foods via the free shuttle that leaves from PH (http://www.mytownsquarelasvegas.com/shuttle.html), pick up some delicious goodies to make right there, in your own private kitchen. Use the money you've saved on eating out to treat yourself to a great dinner at one of the many fine restaurants in Vegas.
5	Vdara is my hotel of choice for the past 3 vegas trips. Rooms are amazing The director Andy Knows how to treat people the right way. Corner Suite, Regular Room, Executive Suite all amazing, feels like you have your own apartment. Definitely staying here many more times.
5	Our room ran us $130, and they upgraded us to an executive suite free of charge when I asked if they had any upgrades. Most of the other resorts on/near the strip smell horrible because smoking is allowed, but thankfully Vdara has a no smoking policy. The WiFi was a bit dodgy at first, but it took them 5 minutes to resolve that and we had no issues with it afterwards. The service was generally great; staff members were helpful, accommodating, and anything we asked for was in our room within 10 minutes. There isn't a lot to eat at Vdara aside from Starbucks and a cafe. However, it is connected to Aria and Bellagio, both of which have plenty to eat. Also, there is no casino inside Vdara, but both Aria and Bellagio have casinos.If you're doing the Vegas Strip walk, Vdara is a great place to start. Just head through Bellagio, out the main doors, and there's a water-show there that runs every 15 minutes. The water show looks magnificent when it gets dark, so come early or be prepared to wait. You can access the rest of the strip from where the water-show takes place. All in all, I have no complaints. The only minor issue I have is that there is no self-parking; valet is the only option. On the other hand, the room was relatively cheap, the service was great, and Vdara is located in a prime area. The positives outweigh the negatives by a long shot.
4	LOOK FOR RATES HERE. REALLY GREAT PLACEI stayed here for my trip to Vegas. Hands down the suite was amazing. Really nice and mondern place to stay at and it's on the famous strip. Whenever ever you want to gamble, they have their own miniature Casio. Best recommend to just across the street to Aria. Sleeping is the most important tool here in Vegas, so don't search any further. Only bad experience is that my fridge doesn't get cold at all. So no nice cooled beers whenever you want.
3	Meh. We spent two nights in a deluxe suite and had mixed results. On the positive side, the room was modern, elegant and had fantastic views. We got a decent rate from Jetsetter (hint for deal hunters). The luxurious bathroom and poolside cabana were both highlights, throwing me points on the "happy wife, happy life" scoreboard. ;)On the negative side, there were small shards of glass on the floor of our bathroom which my wife discovered by slicing her foot. The housekeeping manager apologized sincerely and cleaned it up, and the front desk took $30 off our bill for the inconvenience. For a supposedly higher end hotel, I would have expected better service.We'll probably stay somewhere else next time.
5	A stunningly beautiful hotel! I love Vegas, but don't love the cigarette smoke. The Vdara helps with that because it doesn't have a casino in the lobby and it is smoke free. Oh, what an amazing concept! Not only were the rooms fresh and new, but it was close to the center of the strip and next to some beautiful hotels as well. Our party got an inexpensive rate, it has a really good cafe restaurant in the lobby, a relaxing pool, and generous concierge staff. Stay here!
4	We stayed in the two story loft suite on the 56th floor over the 4th of July weekend. The suite was awesome, very comfy, very quiet and very plush in all the right ways.  If I had any complaint, it was that the exhaust system in the upstairs bathroom didn't work AND there isn't an air conditioning vent in there, so the upstairs bathroom was so hot it was almost impossible to be in there. We had to keep the door open at all times, and the blackout shades drawn. But the housekeeping would raise the blinds when they came, so it just got hot in there all over again. Relatively minor thing, but worth mentioning so that maybe they can do something to fix it.  The entire hotel is nicely appointed, the staff is very helpful and extremely polite and friendly. Valet service is very good.  We will be back again soon, for sure.
5	Vdara is clean, stylish and quiet. The lack of a casino is a refreshing change of pace for las Vegas. You can easily walk to Aria for your gambling needs. The lobby bar looks nicely appointed. Service was 5 star. The entire staff was knowledgeable,  friendly and professional.  There is a small market/cafe and a Starbucks in the lobby to cover your basic needs. The room was lovely. The furnishings were comfortable and stylish.  Everything was maintained and looked brand new. The bed was super comfy and available for purchase if you so choose. Our room was spotless. Water pressure was perfect, often a problem in hotels. It is also pet friendly. I would recommend Vdara to any one of my friends and family and we intend on returning for a staycation soon!
1	Just came back from a 4 day 3 night stay at the Vdara. It was my first and last stay at this hotel.  I was part of a large group of very well-traveled friends ranging in age from mid 30s on up who came for a combined bachelor/bachelorette weekend. I mention our ages to establish we were not just some young punks checking in. In total there were about 15 of us. I booked my room directly through the hotel some booked their room through a deal offered on travel zoo/Jet. I will warn anyone thinking of staying because of an advertised deal on Groupon, Travel Zoo, Living Social etc. Don't do it! This hotel has an obvious attitude toward those guests who book through these discount sites. Several Rooms were booked as well as one what they call a "penthouse suite" for our bride and groom. This room is in no way what anyone would consider a "Penthouse" It is a basic 2 bedroom suite with a very small living room. The only thing I can say was deluxe about this room is it did have a full kitchen and full size refrigerator but who in the world is coming to Vegas to cook?  If you are one of the rare individuals looking to make dinner in Vegas I guess this would be the room for you. But if your are looking for something "Penthouse" to house a group of friends for meet ups, drinks etc. you are S.O.L.  Because I booked with the hotel directly my room was ready at check in time. Because some of our friends booked through travel zoo their rooms were not ready until hours and I mean hours waited past normal check in time. One of the rooms not ready was the so called penthouse suite. The front desk staff and management just threw up their hands saying there was nothing they could do about the room not being ready because it was booked through Travel Zoo/Jet and basically said it in a condescending manner like how dare you book through a discount site. Ultimately it should never matter how a guest comes to you once they are in your hotel. Because our bride and groom  and some of the wedding party could not get into their rooms to get ready for already made dinner plans we were late to our dinner by an hour and half. Not once did the hotel offer them "any" vacant room to get ready in while the penthouse was being cleaned knowing we had reservations. Not once did they offer to buy the bride and groom a drink while they waited. Not once did they offer any other services at a comp. These are indeed viable options to sometimes unavoidable room delays that has nothing to do with changing the travel zoo room rate which apparently is a never to be broken commandment read by Moses himself. It made the group of us feel like they were indeed actually punishing my friends for booking through a discount site. Finally they get their room. Only to find out the hotel lost the brides luggage. Seriously Vdara? The bride herself had to come down to the luggage room to locate her own bag which was sitting on a chair in their storage room. Again what did she get for the trouble? A great big shrug from the staff.  I could really go on forever at the problem after problem encountered at this hotel and the overall attitude of not giving a flying fruitcake by the hotel management. But I will finish with a summary of the most ridiculous points.*Master Switch-If you don't hit this switch located in the doorway none of the lights in your room will work. *Dusty-The room furnishing are very modern but our room was extremely dusty.*Mini bar fridge-I would have gladly paid the overpriced mini bar charge for a bottle of water. But I couldn't because it locked me out. It opened once upon arrival and then locked me out the entire rest of our stay for who knows what reason.* The blackout shade-They have these fancy shades that are open and closed by a switch on the wall. It's not one continuous shade it's in portions so all the places that don't connect let in the bright Las Vegas sunshine starting at dawn. * The pantry/restaurant/gift shop- This is the only place in the hotel to buy food/drink or necessities so it's very busy but not staffed appropriately and has one register for all. Therefore you will wait a long very long time.*Do not bring professional type cameras. A photographer was hired for one hour to take pictures of our group to commemorate the occasion. The hotel shut us down like we were trying to film a porno in the lobby the security came at us extremely rude which was not necessary.*Do not have anyone leave anything for you at the front desk. We did a burlesque lesson as a group and the instructor dropped off a gift for the bride. A msg was left in her room that she had a package waiting for her downstairs. When she went to retrieve it they had lost it. Then questioned her as if she was lying about someone leaving a msg. After about an hour they finally found her package.So to sum up my review Vdara don't do it. Literally stay anywhere else. The back seat of your friends car would provide better customer service.
1	I give one star since I cannot give it zero star. I booked two rooms through vdara website, upon arrival, they assigned one suite at 48th floor and the other room at 8th. I explained to them I need to live close enough to my mom's room so I can take care of her, best thing they could do is to put me in a room on 17th floor and my mom's suite on 16th. Waited a good 15 minutes for luggage, waited another good 30 minutes for housekeeping to come and make sofa bed. Asked for water kettle but they rant out so they brought me a pan instead. Sleeper sofa was broken so they brought a thick duvet as additional foundation/mattress. After helping mom settle down, headed back to my room, found some mop looking fabric by the sink in the bathroom, maybe it belongs to housekeeping? lol, such an experience.
1	Do Not Stay Here If u r a Smoker!!!!! dear lord they will treat u like lucifer himself! But bear in mind they will still gladly take your hard earned money all the while... I am a big gambler and I always tip the valet 10 or 20 bucks to park the benz in the front of the valet so I can keep an eye on it. This stay was no different... until I went to get my car and the valet guy berated me for smoking outside and told me I must be a moron for thinking the trashcan had an ashtray!! he really made me feel like a 2nd class person and it really upset me. I felt better knowing at least he wouldnt be getting 20 bucks... I told the front desk about the incident but they just shrugged and said I would have to file a formal complaint. my career is customer service based and I get yelled at all day and it would be nice to be treated a little better when I am the customer. the rooms are nice and huge and I liked the little cafe/market they have. the gal at the pool specifically remembered my name each day and was super sweet. my little daughter has been throwing up all day today from the chlorine being too strong. All the room service did was throw away all my reusable grocery bags so we didnt have anything to take the rest of our food home in. I really consider myself one of the best tippers around and it makes me sad to be treated the way I was. I get that its a non smoking facility and I was very respectful of that... even the bartender told me that if I want matches I would have to walk to Aria or Bellagio...No matter how nice a hotel is, if their employees are mean and rude then no one will want to stay there...
4	This has been our preferred hotel since they opened. A nice casino free haven away from but still close to the madness. Love the rooms, extremely dog friendly. However, I knocked off a star because the room service is questionable.
1	It is not even 1 star.....Horrible!!!!! Reserved a deluxe suite with upgrade view. BEWARE they think looking at a pool is that view. It is advertised that the upgraded view is bellagio view. So that's the 1st gripe. The 2nd is, the suite I paid extra for was supposed to be GREAT and have washer and dryer, all the amenities you can need in a room. NOT!!!! Do NOT pay extra to upgrade! It will be very disappointing.  3rd, we left our room with the need for towels and cleaning. 6 hours later we returned. No one came, and when I called housekeeping she said, "there are a lot of rooms that had to be cleaned today" I get it! But it is not my problem. Best to stay at a hotel that has the staff and does not deceive 1st time visitors. The valet......HELP them please! !!! I can go on and on. The only good thing about this visit to Vegas was we got to see more of the town because we did not want to be in our hotel or wrong room.
2	We stayed over the weekend in the corner suite. It's a mixed results with the net effect being slightly negative:1. The sofa bed was broken. We found at about 8 PM. It was never fixed. On the plus side, the hotel gave us another room while they are trying to fix the problem. However, the time that it took them to fix the problem (and the lack of initiative from the management) was disappointing. We had to call several times.2. The new room has broken bed (on the left side). The support was broken.3. There was a half-eaten open ice cream in the freezer (seriously?)4. They compensated us one night. So, the bill was rather low (the only reason that this is a 2-star review).Other than that, the hotel is modern. The view is awesome and it is relatively clean. I will give Vdara a try in the future. Hopefully, I can upgrade this review.
3	Okay. Check-in was smooth, and we were moved to a room on the 50th floor the second night (mostly a view of in and out burger and the highway but nice enough)Rooms are suites, which is nice and the bathroom is large enough for two girls to get ready in. Bed is comfortable. Pool is meh. $50 for a daybed, $150+ for a cabana. Came across a number of broken chairs. The pool was pretty crowded most days and was warm and cloudy by 2:30 p.m. Pool food was bleh. $12 for an order of chicken nuggets, $15 for a quesadilla with nothing in it but cheese. Servers were nice.Bar Vdara? Bar barf-ara. Ordered yucca fries, Napoli flatbread and lobster tacos. These three items take over 35 minutes to appear.  Lobster tacos do appear and our waitress drops half of the lobster on the floor. Nevermind the lobster is cold. The food was god awful. She comped our bill, so we decided to try market cafe the next day. (Save yourself the trouble and walk to Aria or to the Cosmopolitan). Market Cafe again means waiting over 45 minutes for 2 paninis (? They take 3 minutes to cook) Prosciutto panini has exactly one piece of ham on it, $18 dollars later. The quality of food did not match the cost in any way, shape or form. The food options were really disappointing. We also had to harass housekeeping to clean our room (which they did eventually,  but probably wouldn't have if we didn't call them)Consierge can get you free passes to Liquid and good deals at clubs.If you don't want a casino in your hotel,  this is your spot.
5	Yes, there is no casino in this hotel but that was not a problem at all!!! It is a short walk into the Bellagio from here and The Cosmopolitan is also nearby as is Aria. But the room!!! The room was very clean, sleek, modern and very spacious. I had a "Premium View Room" which was given to me when I asked the clerk for a high floor with a view of the Bellagio fountains. She whispered that she would put me on the 51st floor in a premium view room, I was so happy I tipped her $20. The room had AMAZING views! Panoramic view from the mountains to strip to actually seeing planes make their approach to McCarran. One might say you don't go to Vegas to stay in the room but this room kind of makes you want to stay in it!The bed is SUPER comfortable, I want to find the mattress brand and type and buy one for home! The view was amazing. We initially had a stopped up bathroom toilet and we called for service and it was resolved within 45 minutes. We also had no problems getting Housekeeping as I have heard others say but then we never called later than 2 PM.My ONLY complaint would be that the pool was kind of small and the water was too warm. Maybe that was unavoidable at 108 degree outdoor temperatures but just be aware.
2	Vdara where you might get pregnant by just sitting on the couch!This hotel has unqualified staff that is incompetent. Stayed here for business this week check in was ok the room wasn't ready but they quickly found another room on a different floor. When dropping off luggage into the room and checking out the layout of the room it was noticed that there was a huge white stain on the couch. I think we all know what this was gross!!! So here comes the trip to the front desk to alert the staff of the condition of the room and to request a room change. They should have apologized up and down this didn't happen. They should have also offered to change the room it shouldn't have taken us requesting that be the course of action.The luggage was still in the room so the receptionist said the key would work for an hour so we could collect our belongings to move to another room. The receptionist said she would note the room and have someone come clean the room after the hour was up. When going up to the room we were unable to get into the room as the key was no longer working, big shocker here! While standing at the door a British couple approached telling him us we were trying to get into there room. Can u believe the hotel just reassigned another unsuspecting guest to the room with the nasty stain without sending someone up to clean the room. After explaining to the couple what happened they let us in the room so we could collect belongings, then head back downstairs. The crazy thing about this whole situation is that it happened to another individual in our party. Really this is a positive hotel experience??? I think not!  Hotels should be policed like restaurants .... where are the random spot inspections.
5	Today is my birthday.... BTW!!! Hint hint. If you see me on the strip tonight? Don't be shy. I accept drinks as a birthday present supplement! Anyway this hotel is great we love it here. Always a great place to relax, party or just sleep! The pool is fun it's shallow so no way anyone can drown. Come have a drink with us!!!!
5	Perfect place to stay when in Vegas for business. I used to come to Vegas at least once a month for my prior job and each time I would stay here. It is nonsmoking and non casino which is really nice after long work days in the craziness of Vegas. I always felt comfortable and safe here, being mostly alone at night and having to walk to my room, etc. Rooms are nice and sort of set up like a studio apartment, i'm pretty sure they actually rent them out as apartments as well. It is right in the City Center so walking distance to Aria (should you want to gamble), Crystals (should you want to shop) and has a walk way to Bellagio for all the Bellagio has to offer. Prices here are good too, very reasonable compared to other places on the strip.
5	On a last minute trip to Vegas for EDC, we were left scrambling for last minute accommodations during the second busiest weekend of the year.  With luck on our side, we were able to secure a room at the Vdara through a corporate discount, resulting in a deal that I didn't even think was possible at a nice hotel in Vegas during a summer weekend.  The rooms looked great on Yelp and I was just thrilled to not be staying at Circus Circus again, miles away from anything but the scorching Vegas heat.Upon arrival, we were greeted with complimentary valet, perfect for someone who cannot stand the concept of valets (me!).  We then went inside where we experienced possibly the simplest check-in I have experienced in my life.  Despite being about 4 hours early for check in time, we were able to be checked in right away and immediately went upstairs, where we called to have our luggage brought up.  The room was spectacular, with the queen-sized pull out couch possibly more comfortable than our bed (not a knock on our bed).  Spacious, a mini kitchen, reading lights by the bed, a seated shower, nice tub, expansive bathroom.  What more could you ask for!The lobby had a nice bar, where the bartenders remembered our drink orders after the first visit.  The pool was also enjoyable and not as crowded as those at some of the casino hotels, in which you question if you are swimming in a higher percentage of water or sweat.  The fact that it is a non-gaming hotel makes it a little less crazy as others and the location makes it easy to get to anything you need situated about 30 seconds from the Vdara and a walkway away from the Bellagio.  Being in the middle of the strip was also very convenient, allowing us to get wherever we needed with ease.All in all a great experience, and further punctuated by the fact that they were very accommodating in allowing us to extend our stay, despite initially being full that day.
5	As far as Hotels go in Las Vegas it doesn't get much better than this.  My girlfriend comes to LV on a regular basis and she stays here a lot.   This is one of my favorite Hotels.  You need to make sure that you select the right type of hotel for your visit.  We like Vdara for a variety of reasons but here are a few that stand out; 1-most important the rooms are amazing and we always get a room with a view of the Bellagio fountains, 2-no smoking and 3-it is dog friendly.  Sure it's not a Casino Hotel, but with Aria just across the way or the Cosmopolitan it's not that bad.  The bartenders are great and very personable.
5	This is absolutely the only place my partner and I will stay in Vegas.  Using the mlife discount, the price is incredible for what you get.  There is no casino in the hotel, but there is a walkway to Bellagio and on the other side Aria is just a short walk away.  The hotel is also non-smoking, which we also enjoy.  Nice to get some fresh air after walking through the other casinos.The rooms are incredibly spacious.  We personally always get the Vdara Suite since it comes with an extra half-bathroom, but is less expensive than the other bigger suites (which only come with 1 bathroom).  We haven't encountered any loud people/parties going on, which is always nice when you're trying to go to bed early or sleep in late.  Love that a full kitchen comes with the room with complimentary water and coffee, and we're always using the fridge and the microwave.  Just fyi, some suites are way more spacious than others (our first stay had a much larger bathroom, living room, and bedroom, but our second stay had a room near the top of the building so it had a better view).During our last trip we rented a cabana and it was a great experience.  The pool area gets really hot because of the reflection off of the hotel, so we alternated between using the dipping pool and laying out in our cabana.  Staff was incredibly friendly, and I was so comfortable I ended up napping most of the day.This might not be the right place for you if you don't plan on staying in your room for long, and if you enjoy having a casino in your hotel.  For us, however, this hotel is absolutely perfect for just relaxing and unwinding and we wouldn't go anywhere else.
5	Absolutely beautiful hotel. Very tastefully decorated and a very upscale vibe. It's in a great location ( it's in a complex called CityCenter ), next to the Aria and Bellagio. It takes pets, it is non smoking, and it's non gaming. The rooms are spacious and the bathroom is spotless. The views practically can't be bad, as there are no views of the less-desirable I-15 side. Pool is nice and service is very friendly. Definitely the new go-to vegas stay. The one issue is that the sofa bed isn't terribly comfortable. Loved!!!!
4	I really wanted to love this place, and there are many positive things to say about it, but it's just imperfectly good.Vdara is in the Citycenter, and it's a little bit away from the Strip --- to get to the Strip, your best best is to go through Aria or the Bellagio.  The Cosmopolitan is very close by, but there's no direct walkway/path --- I had to go take the stairs outside, then walk into the parking driveway of Cosmo.Got in around 10am and dropped off my bag at the bellhop, since the room wasn't available until around 2.  Very convenient feature of having my bag delivered to my room after checking in.Room is nice and spacious.  Had a higher-level floor with a slight view of the Bellagio fountains and overlooking the pool area.  Free wifi as well (hear that, Total Rewards hotels?)  BIG negative was that the room wasn't 100% clean --- keycards and an empty bottle of water from the previous occupants were still on the kitchen table, and there was an unwrapped (presumably used) bar of soap in the bathroom.  And there were only regular bath towels (no hand or wash towels) in the room.The staff is very friendly and even the security guards at the elevator banks were nice enough.Some more negatives: the Market Cafe and the Starbucks were always understaffed --- almost always had long lines, particularly the Starbucks that only had one barista both mornings.  Ordered the chicken and waffles from the cafe and it was very salty.  Service was fast.  Didn't check out the bar but it was nice.  Also, the outside seating area looked very unappealing --- I wouldn't want to hang out there, even though the pictures on the website look nice.  No one was on the cushioned swings the entire time I was there.So this place is really 4.5 stars, but just short of 5.  But I'd definitely go here again.
4	First trip to Vegas and this was a perfect place to stay. The vibe is very relaxed, no casino and no smoking is a HUGE plus! The staff is friendly and attentive and very accommodating. Sign up for MLife before you arrive...we got a big discount on a Cirque show because of it. Three small downsides...not deal breakers though. The free wi-fi is terrible, unless you are very comfortable with your travel companion you may be a bit put off by the placement of the toilet and the pool is small and often crowded. On the plus side, it is an awesome location connected to the Bellagio and Aria, no smoking or casino and the rooms are clean and very comfortable. We had a city corner view. Highly recommended.
3	We just spent the last week in Vegas for three birthdays (significant other and friends). We checked into the Vdara on Tuesday. The lady at the reception desk was perfectly pleasant yet seemed highly indifferent to our special occasions. Nothing was offered to help us celebrate, even at an additional cost. Upon arriving in our room, we perused and noticed that the room is plenty spacious and the beds are extremely comfortable. We were somewhat disappointed that the format of the room is not the same at all as they were shown online. It had rained the day before our arrival and our rooms windows were quite filthy and spotty as a result. While our view was of the interstate, and nothing special, it still served as a distraction. Also, having a kitchenette with no flatware or dishes unless you specially request them is completely absurd. The $28 a day resort fee covers the internet and two free bottles of water a day, unless they don't clean your room every day like we experienced. Then you're faced with needing to call back down and request something that should already be in your room, like a plate or a fork. The hotel offers very light amenities, such as a Starbucks and a small cafe. It helps keep the place nice and mellow from the hustle and bustle but also ensures that you have to venture out to other hotels for most needs. All in all it was a mixed bag.
5	Complimentary valet! Check in was superb! It smells absolutely like heaven once you enter the hotel. The staff is so helpful. My boyfriend and always book the city corner suite because the room is like our own swanky condo. It is beautiful, modern, and feels so big! The mattress makes you feel like your on a freakn marshmallow! I called about a week before we went to ask for a high room to see the Bellagio fountains and of course they helped and we were set on the 46th floor. It isn't on the strip but its just a small walk, I mean its Vegas why not! Aria is a small walk away with a casino and Crystals which is full of phenomenal art structures and fancy shops. The maids were so sweet, we did tip them just like everyone else lol. But even if they didn't get tipped they are always so sweet and personal with us. They request you ask for the robes now which isn't that bad because you can ask for which ones you prefer. They have a starbucks now, but its pretty pricey and the pastries are an extra three bucks. However my boyfriend and I are always spoiled at Vdara because this is the only hotel worth its rates and the hotel rooms are all beautiful. The only thing is if your checking in with a debit card they take out an additional 100 dollars for security of some sorts for them until you leave then they refund your money.
5	My 3rd time staying here and the service is still incredible. The staff is friendly and attentive. My husband thought he lost his sunglasses and we had no problems from the front counter to the security guard help us try and find them. They were in his travel bag the whole time but none the less thank you guys for making us feel we covered all based before giving up. We also like the easy in and out of the hotel as well as there is no big casino you have to walk through.
1	We arrived at the hotel and they gave us only two big towels, nothing else. When we asked for more towels and more blankets, they asked how many people were in the room. It was so annoying. Anyways, the hotel is cheap and the service was bad.
4	stayed here on 2 different occasions.  PROSI love how quiet and low key it was.  Rooms are comfy, love the separate living area and kitchenette going on.  If you know your way around vegas (we drive around a lot to shop and visit friends/family) - this is a great home base.   We hardly ever saw any guests around either.  Pool is small - but there weren't ANY kids!  We got lucky.CONSI didn't like waiting to checkin, because there was 1 girl working and 15 people in line.. but we got over it as soon as we had out room key in hand.  I know they have a bar near the lobby - but skip it.
1	I stayed two night in Vdara, and I had a unpleasant experience here. The first day we checked in Vdara, I took a nap on the bed. After a while, I felt one of my leg was itchy and I lifted the quilt, and found there were some black spots peppered on the sheet. I was shocked, because I didn't expected the hotel like Vdara would make such mistake. I called the housing keeping instantly and asked for changing the sheet. Then I asked the manager to come as well, the African American manager took a picture and said he would report it, and would compensate us for that. Yet, two days latter, I still didn't hear back from Vdara. :( It seems like Vdara is not value about customer experience. not recommended.
5	My group got upgraded from our original suite to the hospitality suite so my review will encompass that experience. The Vdara gives you a great sense of luxury and comfort from the very start. The hotel offers free valet and we gave the bell hop's all our luggage including drinks and food and they brought it up to the rooms on their own. The room itself was extremely spacious. We fit a group of 9 into the space with ease. Anything we needed was brought up. From silverware to cleaning. The rooms were cleaned in the morning and again touched up around 6 pm. This ensured that we never ran out of supplies. The beds were extremely comfortable and each living space offered a separate climate control. Bath was large enough for our larger males to use with comfort. At the end of the trip this hotel offered complimentary limo service back to the airport. I found several deals on Groupon for similar rooms. Would come back. Downside is no on site casino,  but Aria is within 3 minutes of walking from the front desk.
5	I first of all must state that i am a bit of a hotel snob. I found this place to be absolutely wonderful! Perfect location on the strip just next to the Bellagio and centrally located. We stayed in a Delux Suite on the 25th floor and had amazing views  and a partial view of the Bellagio Fountain. The bed was extremely comfortable and the soaking tub, kitchenette and small living room was perfect. Although it was just my boyfriend and I who stayed... It would be perfect for a small family. The couch in the living room pulls out and turns into a bed. There is one TV in the bedroom and one in the Livingroom as well. We paid 169 per night which included the taxes and resort fee.  Also... we had to call for some more towels to be delivered... housekeeping had them to our door within 5 minutes. Great serviceAnother great thing... is that the hotel is really quiet. There is not a casino in this hotel and there is a nice little cafe and also a bar downstairs. I would stay here again...especially for the price.
3	The rooms are amazing at the vdara for the price, the trouble comes when dealing with guest services.  They are pretentious across the board and really unpleasant outside of trained politeness.Compulsory 18% gratuity on 200$ cabana rentals (not just the service/food/drinks but *everything*) is ridiculous and the staff act like they know it.  You're giving a ~40$ tip for the honor of paying 200$ for a few lawn chairs and a tent (and couple waters and and apple or two also).Pros:  The rooms are amazing for the price and you are in the heart of everything south strip.Cons:  The pool is crowded  on busy days and the staff is insufferable.  Just the initial dealing with cabana reservations was a very off-putting experience.Any billing issues seem to be handled by some call center the service is even worse there.  Most of the answers to simple questions are "what would you like me to do for you", repeated as a reply instead of a genuine question.
5	Great slightly off the strip non smoking hotel without a casino.  We got upgraded from a one bedroom suite to 1,600 square feet suite with two master bedrooms, full size kitchen washer and dryer, living room, guest bathroom and walk-in closet. It was by far the most luxurious stay I have had in Vegas. It reminded me of the Park Hyatt hotel in Tokyo which was featured in a Bill Murray film.  The clientele of the hotel is more sophisticated and business like.  There is a Starbucks, bar, and quick grab and go place downstairs.  Going to the strip requires going through the Bellagio or the Metropolitan.  Bring comfortable shoes.  It will be quite a walk. Maid service was great. They neatly arranged our toiletries and even put some in the drawer.I would stay here again. The hotel is a nice retreat from the glitz and glamour of Vegas.
5	I had the pleasure of staying at this lovely location and to say I enjoyed myself is an understatement!  I checked in and the young woman at the front desk put my boyfriend and I on the 50th floor facing the bellagio fountain talk about a beautiful view! The room itself was comfy with modern decor.  The bed was amazing and the spa tub in the bathroom was relaxing.  The customer service here is great.  Now the hotel itself is a non smoking non casino hotel and personally I liked that. It was quiet and fresh here especially after walking around the strip with smokers and the noise of a casino.  Its also valet parking only. I myself enjoyed that feature. All in all, the hotel is beautiful and I had a great time.  Ill be back again
4	The draw for this hotel to me is that it is close to everywhere I want to go, it's affordable and has a kitchen. After some not so great dining experiences on the strip, my bf and I cooked in the hotel room.  Be aware that if you get the mini fridge, one half of it is filled with bar goods. So on the other half, with proper meal planning, we were able to hold about three days worth of food. Not bad.As far as our room, I found the bathtub to be really too high to get out of safely. I'm sure if I needed a step, they would have provided one. However I am a young woman, just short. I literally was jumping to get out of the tub.  Also, there is so much lighting in the room but really no central light. That seemed silly to me.  Lastly, be aware that they hold your card for one hundred dollars per night for up to five nights and there is a daily 28 dollar resort fee. Overall, for this location, the area and the cost is great.  My only suggestions are for the gym facilities. The gym smells clean and looks clean but I must question how clean it really is. There is no equipment cleanser specifically for the machines. I was forced to use the hand sanitizer to clean the machines before and after use. One day I walked in to use one of their cardio machines and there was a slick of sweat left on the handles as well as a puddle of sweat underneath the floor where another hotel guest had just worked out. Also, there are complimentary headphones but no way of knowing if they are used or unused because patrons would use them and throw them back in to the wooden baskets alongside the unused headphones. Plenty of plastic cups and bottles everywhere but no clear area for recycling these items.  TV in every cardio machine but there was only one working remote for these TVs in the entire gym of which there was no backing to cover the remote's batteries.
5	I loved it here when I came in August, the rates were perfect and we got an upgrade to the panoramic suite relatively cheap. $250 a night for a weekend stay Friday-Saturday.I'm not a huge fan of the noise in hotels with casinos and I especially hate the smoke, it gets in my hair and my clothes. You can't walk out of a hotel without smelling like you've been in a bar all day. But mostly because I'm asthmatic, it's easier to breath without all the smoke at Vdara. The lobbies were clean and the elevators were amazingly spotless as well. The concierge and front desk were efficient and accommodating.Our suite had a pretty amazing view that was 270 some degrees, the bathroom was gorgeous, the room was super spacious and comfortable. It even had a separator door if you wanted to close off the bed to the living room. We also had a large fridge and kitchen, not to mention a washer and dryer (all which we put to good use). We were living the high life. :) For room service they have these cool doorbell ringers that you can turn off to let the maids know not to disturb you. I believe white light means "empty room", green means "come clean", and blue was "do not disturb".Vdara only does complimentary valet, but you can park in Aria or Cosmos self park and walk, it's not that far and you have access to your car at all times. The close proximity was great as we were clubbing at Marquee the next day. We were able to walk. :DI would definitely come back to Vdara next time if given the chance.
4	What a great hotel to stay at. I like Vdara because each room is a suite and if you have a guest or two they can sleep on the pull out bed thats hidden in the sofa. The decor of my room was the typical trendy chic style. The bathroom is pretty nice. There is a soaking tub, standing shower, comfortable toilet, and two sinks. Also, there is a kitchenette with a fridge and a sink. I only have two complaints 1, the small fridge doesn't get anything cold and 2, the remote to the tv sucks ass. Other than those two complaints, I would come back here for the next Vegas trip.
2	Very disappointed with the service. i couldn't check in cuz apparently they overcharged me and i had to wait for head cashier who went to lunch just in time for check in.ugghhh
5	Wow - the best hotel experience I've ever had.  We booked for my birthday; and they upgraded the room for us, had concierge waiting for our arrival, and made everything as magical as possible.  Yes - magical.  Amber checked us in and was so sweet and knowledgable.  We rented a cabana for a day (DO IT!) for one of the best deals in Vegas, and Katie took care of us; always available, but never annoying or overwhelming.  The views are breathtaking, the maid service is phenomenal, and the hotel is impeccable.  I was super impressed by the rates, the convenience of the location, the design and furniture, and the outstanding service.  Best kept secret in Vegas.  You will not be disappointed.  Plus, the smell they pipe in is amazing, definitely different than the stinky air fresheners you get at some of the other resorts.  Steps away from the Bellagio, Cosmopolitan, and Crystals Shops.  Thank you, Vdara!
4	Pro: very nice staff! Area is beautiful and food exquisite! Con : not a totally clean room at arrival
4	Oh, I love this place! My girlfriends and I found a great deal from hotels.com (I think). It was actually a mystery hotel, so that's why we had a great deal on it for two nights!I like that it came with a mini kitchen. :)Minus one star because the kitchen didn't come with anything. Normally, hotels with a kitchenette has everything you need for the kitchen! Oh well, the hotel was still awesome!*No parking garage, valet parking only but it's freeI'm done with my Vegas phase, but if I do ever decide to come back I would try to stay at Vdara.
3	For our short getaway to Vegas, we decided to try out the suites at Vdara since they had good deals online and because of the prime location at the City Center next to the other big hotels (it is connected via walkway to Bellagio & is by the monorail that takes you straight to Aria & Monte Carlo). It was pretty crowded when we got there on a weekday during the summer, but check-in was a breeze and we were given our keys right away. Our deluxe suite was pretty nice considering the price and location on the Strip. Upon entering, there is a fully-equipped kitchenette (just need to call down for any pots, pans, or utensils that you need) and small dining area. Depending on the layout, there may or may not be a short wall diving the bed from the couch/living room/tv area. The bathroom was also very spacious, with a separate tub and shower and plenty of counter space for all the toiletries. Only a few downsides of this hotel: 1) There is no casino, so if you're looking to gamble you will have to cross the walkway and find your way to Bellagio's casino or talk a walk outside to Aria or the Cosmo. 2) There is no self-parking, so getting your car in and out of valet is a bit of a hassle during peak hours. 3) The dining options available are limited to mainly the Market at Vdara & Starbucks downstairs. But since it is on the Strip, there are plenty of other eateries to walk to nearby.
3	Sleek, modern hotel that's smoke-free in the middle of the strip.  I loved it!  We stayed in a panoramic corner suite with a pretty amazing view.  One big negative was that our a/c was broken and we called them 4 times over a span of 3 hours and the person at the front desk kept saying they were sending maintenance over to fix it.  My butt!  The thermostat read 82 degrees inside when we set it to 50 degrees.  We were sweating our asses off.  That's truly unacceptable, especially for claiming to be a "luxury" hotel that charges exorbitant room rates.  Plus, once the maintenance guy came, he said he was only notified about the problem 15 minutes prior!  We were pretty cool about it, but once my friend complained, we got our resort fees waived.  It's the least they could have done, but honestly, they should have just done their job instead of jerking us around saying they "sent" someone. Don't get me wrong, I really liked the look and cleanliness of this hotel, but if this would have happened again, I'd rather stay elsewhere.
5	Loved everything about this property! Crisp clean decor, great location, wonderful staff, fitness centre & spa.  A quiet, non-smoking oasis in the centre of all the action.I will be back.  My new favorite hotel in Vegas!
4	Close to the strip without all of the craziness. This is a non-smoking, casino-less hotel. It almost feels like an apartment complex. Overall it was relatively quiet - we went on a weekend and apparently it was high school graduation weekend so there were some 'rowdies', but mainly in the lobby (i.e. noise wasn't really an issue in our room). Room is well appointed, very spacious, and well kept. There is a Starbucks in the lobby of the hotel, a small bar, and a deli. What we loved most about this location is the fact that there is a covered walkway directly into Bellagio, allowing us to avoid walking a good chunk of the strip. Would definitely return.
5	My first vacation with ny boyfriend was soent here. Gotten a free upgrade and along with it came an amazing view. The staff is great and friendly. I highly reccomend and can't wait to go back again :)
4	The guest rooms are beautifully furnished and intelligently designed.  One small but significant example of the thoughtful design is the fact that there are A/C outlets above the night stands on both sides of the bed - we were able to charge our phones and tablets overnight without having to leave them on the desk or in some other remote location in the room.   Frankly, I'm surprised that ALL hotels don't provide this simple accommodation.
4	Vdara is now my favorite hotel.[How is it different]-No self parking- only valet (which wasn't that much at all)-Non-smoking and no casino inside. That's a good thing!-There are a few options in the lobby such as a fancy market cafe, starbucks, something else I think, and a good size bar.[Rooms/style]-We had a corner suite with 1 king size bed and 1 bathroom. For 5 guys, that was plenty.-Living room had a couch with a pull out bed (Springs hurt)-Carpet was just as nice so perfect for my inner Asian. I used a sleeping bag over the couch cushions. Legit!-Restroom was extremely nice: 2 vanity's, 2 sinks, shower/tub, toilet with no door, and closet for the fancy clothes. Ironing board+iron+hair drying were in there to use.-Small walkway held small vertical washer and dryer (bring some detergent and bounce if you need it)-Master bedroom and living room had flat screens-Kitchen area was legitOverall: plenty of room, quieter, less smoking, and checking in was extremely easy. Had to call because flight came early to check in earlier and we had no problems. Very accommodating.
5	My girlfriend's leg is broke so we wanted to get away for my bday after staying locked in the house for 4 months (long overdue vacation). So we decided to get the panoramic suite for 3 nights and just hang out in the room the whole trip.The Panoramic suite was gorgeous but we didn't love the fact that they gave us one on a lower floor next to the tram, so we put in a request for another room but higher up. They only had it available the next day and said it would be on floor 27 with a better view. So the next day we go down to the lobby to exchange rooms and they were having a little trouble so they told us to come back later in the day.We return from our day out on the town and speak to someone at the front desk about switching our room. My girlfriend tells them it's my birthday and we would love the best view possible. The guy leaves and talks to his manager then comes back and tells us they are upgrading us to the hospitality suite for our last 2 nights!! We finally go up to the room on the 46th floor and could not believe our eyes! It was a huge living room area with a full kitchen and island in the middle. 2 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms. We called everyone we knew to catch a flight out to Vegas to come share this room with us but we didn't have any luck. Anyways the rooms here are beautiful, clean and modern. The customer service is beyond amazing and the staff is definitely some of the best Vegas has to offer. There isn't a casino (smoke free) in Vdara but Cosmopolitan and Aria are just a few steps away (my girl has a knee scooter for her broken ankle so if she can roll across the way on her knee scooter, you shouldn't have a problem walking there lol. OOOOO5 out of 5 Afros
4	Wow! Most rad room I've ever stayed in while in Vegas. It's a sweet suite, complete with a kitchenette (stove too) and a nice living space and mega bathroom. Our view is sensational from 50th floor. The pool area is lovely but the pool itself is tiny- like a kid pool, really. Excited we have access to the spa and fitness center as well. Right now I'm giving this a 4-star review based on esthetics alone. Maybe it will earn a 5 after I stay a while?
5	My boyfriend and I were in town for five days during the Mr. Olympia Competition, since he was competing we stayed at the vdara because there is a kitchenette in each suite. This hotel is amazing. I absolutely hate the smell of all casinos it's disgusting, but when you walk in the vdara it smells SOO good. It is a stark contrast to most hotels in Vegas. There is only valet parking, but they are extremely fast. It was seriously the best service, I wish I remembered the name of this particular valet guy, but he went above and beyond all expectations. He got our car in 5 minutes or less and had the hotel send a complimentary fruit bowl to our room and on our last night he had them send up champagne and chocolate covered strawberries!!!! The gym facility is beautiful, and the pool is great even though it was crowded.Vdara is a bit pricey on the weekends, but well worth it. If you are looking to "do Vegas differently" and stay away from casinos and the hustle and bustle of the strip, this is the perfect place.
4	We got in on a Thursday and were able to check in by 1pm.We had a panoramic suite which was amazing minus the minor details.The assistance from the front desk to over the phone was great!We got upgraded to a penthouse suite because our rooms AC was not making the room cool at all, the sofa was uncomfortable and the bathroom light would flicker throughout the night. One other flaw was that we called twice for some pots and spatulas to cook but we never received the spatulas so we couldn't make breakfast.Besides that the rooms were amazing, clean and very up to date.I would love to stay here again because of the amazing service and im glad i do not have to walk through a huge casino.The hotel is located behind cosmo and aria so getting a taxi may take awhile but it is a short walk to the other hotels or you can take a tram.
3	We stayed here for 6 days for my 30th birthday.  Got a cabana at the pool and I must say, for the price of the cabana..it should include a bottle.  I had about 8 people total, the cabana itself was $200 that included an apple, an orange, 4 bottles of water, 1 kind bar, some chips, a safe, a tv, chassis lounge chairs, and a little couch.  When we got our final bill after buying some snacks and a bottle of grey goose($165 for the bottle). The bill was over $600!!! I was appalled. Ive had a cabana at the stratosphere for cheaper and it came with a bottle. I mean I understand location but thats a little ridiculous if you ask me. When we didn't have the cabana we had purchased a couple of pitchers which served 4(my hubby and i shared 2 pitchers and we didn't even catch a buzz) $44 each i think they were. If your gonna charge that much for drinks the least you could do is make them so you can actually catch a buzz/get drunk.(I mean, why else do people drink alcohol?!) It was a nice hotel with good happy hour in the lounge downstairs but thats about it. We did order room service one time for dinner on my birthday and after we had told her how much we spent at the cabana she felt so bad that she actually hand delivered some chocolate covered strawberries to us at no charge. We thought that was super cool of her to do. Valet was extremely fast when it came to getting our car which was also another plus. The AC worked extremely well and kept our suite nice and cool the whole time. I had a friend stay with us for a few days and she stayed on the pull out couch but after the first night she just slept on the couch because it was a HORRIBLE pull out mattress FULL of springs sticking out! The so called "blackout" curtains weren't blackout curtains. I actually got woken up EVERY morning from the sun shining in through the cracks in the curtains.  Like i said it was a nice hotel with a great view of the Bellagio fountains, the Eiffel tower, and the high roller, but we will never stay there again...just way too pricey unless we were at happy hour.
3	I was very excited to step into this hotel for the 1st time on my last trip. When I got there, first impression was terrible. The parking lot is very confusing to find! It's like a maze to get to the parking area.When I got inside with my friends, I was very excited to let them know that I had a "buy one get one free" buffet that I wanted to use from playing myVegas. They told me that they didn't have a buffet. They also told me that they did not have an MLife?!? Then why the hell are they are affiliated with myVegas? Whoever I spoke to, didn't know what the hell was going on. They made me walk to Aria, which was the "closest" area to redeem my points. Unnecessarily, walked over there. I told them what happened, and they gave a look of confusion themself. They told me that Vdara has an MLife and that they couldn't redeem my buy one get one free buffet for Vdara, which I already knew. But, because Vdara told me to go to Aria, I did so. So, I had to go back to the Vdara, talk to them and go through the whole process again, because again they didn't know what the hell I was talking about, so I had to walk back to Aria for a second time and explain to them what was going on, again...Aria told me that I couldn't redeem my buffet points at any of the hotels at the time, because it was Labor Day weekend. That was understandable. But for Vdara to tell me that they did not have an MLife and could not redeem my points for their buffet, is stupid. Again, then why would they be affiliated with myVegas? It doesn't make sense.Vdara showed me a very bad first impression & I don't think I would go back there again. Looks like they wont be makng any money from me, EVER. Waste of time for me. The only reason why I gave it three stars, is because it is a really nice hotel, that is it!
2	The hotel is nice. Two stars for non smoking. However checkin was horrible. We arrived at 3:30 and our room was not ready and they told us it would take an hour. It wasn't ready til 5:30 and it was smelly and not very clean. We asked to be switched rooms. We almost missed the Zarkana show because of their tardiness in getting us a room in time. On day of checkout, we asked for extended checkout which is 12pm. I got a coffee and when got back to the room at 11:15, the key was deactivated and I couldn't get in. They sent a bellman but took a while. I stayed with Vdara before when it was brand new and the service has gone downhill. Not staying here in the future.
4	Loved this hotel. Easy check in. No loud casino to hike through. Classy, modern. Next time I'm in Vegas the city view suite will be my 1st choice. Equipped with washer/dryer/kitchen/stove/microwave/refrigerator in the kitchen make this a perfect home a way from home. Room service was fast & accommodating to every request small or big. Concierge got us on the guest list to see Tiesto at no cost ... although they neglected to make our dinner reservation on the right evening, they made up for it with a complimentary bottle of champagne the next night.
5	Last night was the second time I have stayed at Vdara, and once again, it exceeded my expectations. Upon booking my room (the Panoramic Suite), I decided to put some special requests in with my reservation. I've had a rough couple of months and asked if they could put a framed photo of Ryan Gosling on the nightstand as well as a written compliment to cheer me up. I also asked if I could have a room on a higher floor for a cool view. I did not expect any of these requests to be met and even wrote that I would understand if they could not be met.... Now to my actual arrival...Tad, an incredibly friendly gentleman, checked me in. He offered a winning smile and informed me that all of my requests had been met, including my request for a room on a high floor. He then gave me my key for a room on the 54th floor. I was anxious to see the view from so high, but did not expect that not only was I high up, but they had upgraded me to a one bedroom penthouse suite! The room was remarkable and the view of the Bellagio fountains and Strip was just extraordinary. They also included a 3 sided frame with photos of Ryan Gosling (as requested), a compliment written on the notepad, and a laminated printout of Gosling that said "Hey Girl, stay strong. I believe in you". Their attention to detail and willingness to go the extra mile to make a guest happy is just wonderful. Aside from the dream-like room, I also had a wonderful dining experience...I decided to order in room service so I could enjoy my room longer. I ordered the airline chicken breast served with mushroom and herb risotto and spinach. To drink, a bottle of UINTA Brewery Seasonal beer. The food was impeccable. Not only was this the best food I've had through any in-room dining, but it was also some of the best food I have had at any restaurant. My compliments to the chef! The gentleman who brought up my meal was also incredibly kind and set up my meal in a beautiful display on the dining table. My time at Vdara was perfect. The friendliness of the staff, cleanliness of the resort, sleek designs, and attention to detail were all 5 star! After having 2 perfect stays, I can say with certainty that I will always be staying here. Vdara will forever be my Vegas home from now on.
5	Hands down the best hotel I've stayed at in Vegas! The first time I stayed in the two bedrooms suite. They had given me the two story one but I did not like the layout and they quickly upgraded me to the single story two bedroom suite. The room had two separate rooms with the kitchen n living area in the middle and the rooms on opposite sides. One room had a king bed and a master bathroom and the other had two queen beds with a regular bathroom. There was also a third guest bathroom and the couch turned into a pull out bed. Great for a large party.My second stay here was in a regular room that was still very spacious. Had a kitchen and living room as well as the king bed. This hotel is very modern and extremely clean! Staff is very nice and helpful.
5	It was my Husband's and I's first time in vegas and we decided on the Vdara after looking at all the pictures. But after the stay, we were more than impressed. A couple of highlights about the Vdara: its not even a block off the strip (between the Aria and the Cosmo), its Eco-friendly, smoke-free, dog friendly, casino-free, and simple. It was perfect retreat after spending the day on the strip. We had a little kitchenette, a beautiful view, a simple pool, and it was quiet. It was definitely and attraction and the lobby was always bustling, but it wasn't anything in comparison to the other hotels. Its not clique and we really enjoyed ourselves. They were always accommodating and the Spa is drop-dead gorgeous. If it want a life off the strip (but not compromise location), the Vadara is the place to be.
5	Having been to Vegas more times than I can count, I have stayed in almost every resort on and off the Strip. Recently, I received a great offer from Vdara and my girlfriend and I stayed there while going to a concert at the Cosmo, which is next door. And I can honestly say, Vdara shot up my list as one of my favorite hotels. First off, the normal suite was very comfortable. The bed was top notch, as were the pillows. The furniture was very comfortable and the decor was also very impressive. I also love that the hotel prides itself on being energy efficient but it does not forget to be elegant. By that I mean all the modern appliances, like electric window curtains. I was also very impressed with the bathroom, shower and everything else. The electronic keypad is a little odd and I could see how someone who is stumbling back after a fun night may have a little problem with that but alas, that is not the resorts fault. Now the other reason for the 5-star review, the concierge was incredible. My girlfriend and I are extremely lactose intolerant but we also want to enjoy food in Vegas. We called down to the concierge and asked for her recommendation for a healthy buffet, kind of an oxymoron I know. However, the concierge called several other MGM Resort buffets and recommended either Aria or the Bellagio. Having eaten at the Bellagio, I was pretty sure that would work but the chef at Aria was willing to give us a personal tour of the each food item and if something had dairy, he would be willing to make it without dairy. We decided on there but before we left, the concierge sent us front of the line passes.  I truly wish I remember the woman's name but we were so impressed that obviously she received a nice tip but also we spoke to her manager and told her just how amazing she was. Now I gamble, love it actually but I also like staying in a hotel without a casino. I believe that it allows me to have a better nice sleep, I will not stumble into a casino and just try my luck really quick and it was also keeps the drunks and smoke out of the hotel as well. But it is also really close to the tables, this case the Cosmo and Aria. My girlfriend and I also love to work out and thought the gym was very impressive. It had a large selection of cardio machines and free weights. It is a tad small but I expect not many people use it. We did not have enough time to visit the pool, even though it looked a little small nor the spa, which was expensive but looked wonderful. Overall, if you want a 5-star experience and wonderful customer service, I would highly recommend Vdara. On my many trips back to Vegas, I will always look there first.
4	Love the executive room!  View of the city is Amazing!
5	For those of you who love reading reviews that rival War and Peace, this one ain't it. But I felt compelled to say a little something after spending the last few nights at Vdarra. I have probably been to Vegas 50 plus times in my lifetime and have always stayed in the high-end hotels. Yet, 50 plus times I have been awoken in the middle of the night by a drunk, inconsiderate group coming back to their room at 3:00 a.m. But not this time. No casino and no giant bar scene at Vdarra mean THOSE people are staying SOMEPLACE ELSE.  I didn't hear a peep from anyone for three nights. Plus, if you DO want to have a little fun, Cosmopolitan and Aria are literally two minutes away.I will be back Vdarra!P.S. The staff at Vdarra was great as well.
4	I would give this hotel 5 stars if it had a casino, but Aria is just a stones throw away so it's not bad. Room: awesome, view: great, service: top notch. I will go back soon.
5	Good customer service at the front desk. Concierge was not informed properly on show information. They had the wrong times and wrong hotel for a show. The food at the restaurant is good. They off express pass for Aria buffet. The rooms are huge with great views. The rooms are clean. They have washer and dryer full size fridge in the kitchen. It's like a small apartment. Huge tub and a half bath. I would stay again. Instead of the concierge use Google :-). Oh and it's not on the strip. No problem. Free tram to Monte Carlo or walk to the Bellagio they have a covered walkway connected.
2	Great view, and pretty room. As it should be for the price. BUT, the room was not very clean. Extremely dusty! My allergies were terrible all night. They advertised a kitchen but the cupboards were bare. I've stayed all over the strip and was excited for Vdara, I am disappointed. On my way to the spa now, I hope it's better than the room.
5	My first time staying here, and I was so impressed! As someone who doesn't gamble or smoke, it was refreshing to stay somewhere that had neither that you had to wade through just to get to the elevators. We stayed in the cheapest suite, which was still beautiful! Nice layout and features - we felt like we booked at an expensive hotel! The room service was yummy and the downstairs cafe was good (but a bit pricey). The staff was so wonderful, truly considerate and kind people. I felt like everyone was trained well and there to help us out! Also, we liked the free valet parking. I know some people listed that as a negative, but we thought it was great when we checked in around 10 p.m. and were able to just drop off the car with the valet. Overall, I loved the Vdara and will definitely be back. It's a great value and really is a way to "Do Vegas Differently."
5	This is a GREAT room!!! I stayed there last year for memorial day and everthing about the room was Perfect. It is a little price, and please expect to have $300 for a security depost. This I had no idea about, I actually asked the lady when I was booking the room were there any extra rooms and she said No. We got the money back at checkout but it did cut into our spending money. Also They have too different deluxe suite rooms, we got the one that wasn't in the "pictures" on their site, but they did accomadate us with the room we wanted. It was very romantic, and me and my husband had just got married (In Vegas)  so it was everything and more!!! Besides the $300 security deposit I wouldnt have changed a thing, Oh and got a $75 food credit on priceline (which was GREAT!!)
3	The "corner" rooms where two sections of hotel rooms come together are poorly designed. Instead of a corner, our room was indented and when looking out the "corner" window, you see into the other room day and night. The occupants of both rooms can see each other and if glass wasn't in place we could shake hands instead of just waving. For privacy, the black out shade had to be closed at all times killing the otherwise awesome view of Bellagio fountains. When requested, maintenance did install a window cover the second night.Otherwise, a great room and hotel.
5	Very impressed with the staff and the hotel. We had a great experience here and our penthouse was very nice and reasonably priced. It was a little far from all the good day parties and pool parties but a 10 dollar cab/limo takes care of that even though it is definitely annoying. My dad has a penthouse at the Hilton Elara and pays twice as much for way less room, not as nice, and a better view. Vdara is a win in my book.
3	The room was nice but our view sucked. Granted I wanted a low floor because I'm afraid of heights but I'm not sure you'd get a good view from any room since the hotel is set so far back. There is only one place to plug in your things and it's not very convenient. There are no plugs close to the bed. The fridge didn't keep our food cold so we weren't able to eat our leftovers. The tub was the only good part about the room. I will say that the spa is awesome. I really enjoyed it and the staff was great. On the other hand I left a dress there, called the same day to have them find it, and never received a call back. Called the next day and they still hadn't found it and still over a week later haven't called me. The only thing I would do again at the Vdara is the spa.
4	Went on 10/11/14 and Vdara is the best hotel so far that I stayed in while in Vegas. Booked a room at Treasure Island but really wanted to be in the middle of the strip. Checked out Vdara and the views of the suites are impressive. Loved all the windows and it doesnt make you feel like you're a prisoner by walls and a small window like other hotels.Booked the City corner suite but got upgrade to the Executive suite and got the VIP treatment. My host Teresa comp me $100 to charge to my room and was very courteous showing me to my suite. The king size bed was so comfortable and relaxing. Flat screen in master room and living room. Stand in shower, double sink and deep bath tub is very nice. It had a nice kitchen with a electric stove, full size fridge with freezer, coffee maker. Living room had a queen pull out bed, and it also had a half bathroom. Very spacious and modern look.When trying to look for the valet it was a little bit confusing and it reminded me of LAX airport. The valet was is the best then any other hotel I been. There is no Casino here but have it at the main hotel at the Aria and is a few minutes to Bellagio hotel which you can take a little bridge and you are inside the hotel of Bellagio. Room service was quick and was set up in our dining room. There is a starbucks located in the lobby.Vdara should put a sign or mention it to the guest that you have to show your keycard to the attendant standing next to the elevators. Stopping people going to to their room while there hands are full and stopping to look for the keycard can be a hassle.  I would recommend the Hotel to family and friends. By the way I had family spread out the strip and some at old town and were jealous of the views and the suite. Good job Vdara/Aria.
5	Great Service, Clean rooms and within walking distance to every main attraction in Vegas!!   The great experience was mainly thanks to the service that Philip provided us. Philip went above and beyond from what we expected!! He was not your typical front desk associate! He guide us as to where to go, when and how!!! :)He was very professional, yet friendly! He provided a sweet and short intro on the grounds and surroundings and even managed to fulfill our request of a high floor!   This is the kind of service you would expect to get from a 5 Start Resort and are looking like money! If you stay at this place you will experience what I am talking about! I cannot emphasis enough how impressed I was with Philips hospitality, and it wasn't just him our housekeeping was also very efficient and friendly when we requested the sofa bed to be turned down and more extra towels!! Thank you to everyone that made our stay as pleasant and one of a kind!! Will definitely come back and recommend  to close others!! :) - Thank you Philip and all!!!
4	My girlfriend and I stayed there for a couple of nights. Great strip access without the smoky casino vibe. The Crystal Shops weren't as impressive as we'd hoped but there are plenty of places to dine and drink nearby (Cosmo, Aria, Mandarin Oriental, MGM). We'll stay here again next time as we prefer this end of the strip and the views were better than at the Trump. Dining at the hotel was limited and the bar in the entry was pathetic but the room was nice and clean and the bed was comfortable. Has a distinctly contemporary/modern aesthetic.
5	We were impressed by the service from the moment we checked in, especially Kali.  The concierge was very helpful in arranging all of our different activities, as well as the air race show. The views were incredible, and the location of the hotel is central and has easy access to the Bellagio and Aria.  The room itself was large, the bed was very comfortable.  Our only negative would be that although the weather was beautiful, the pool closed at 5pm, and we would have liked to relax by the pool until a later hour.  Overall, Vdara went a long way towards making our birthday celebration a memorable and special occasion, and we will certainly stay again the next time we visit Vegas.
4	Pros:- clean, smoke free hotel- pretty friendly staff- central location on the strip- resort fee includes water each day- great sized rooms Cons:- takes about 10 mins to get to the strip from the hotel- small pool area
4	I stayed here for 2 days with my wife Sept 30th to Oct 2nd 2014. I had chosen my own price of $95 per day on Priceline and it was accepted.As expected, the rooms, service, amenities, pool, decor and concierge are all 1st class.Even ALL the personel were super friendly including the room cleaners and maintenance people.Electric window shades were cool as well. They only have Valet parking which is included in the price. It was efficient and quick.The disappointment was that even though everyone must pay their "resort fee" of $25 + $3 tax each day, the use of any steam room or sauna is NOT included. One must pay a hefty daily price to use their "spa". That is really a no-no for me.The ridiculously high prices at all the restaurants was expected so i just ate in other places or even bought food and kept it in the refrigerator. Walking to the strip was about 6 minutes as construction was being done so one has to go through a different parking lot.Overall, if you want a 5 star hotel and are willing to pay for all the incidentals along the way, this place is surely a good one.Howard S
2	I had to stay here for a business trip during Magic (the fashion convention) with my boyfriend's company accommodations.Literally I have never slept in such an uncomfortable bed. Turns out that some of the beds have no floor board (not sure if that is the correct terminology) and the beds feels mushy and have no support. I don't usually experience back issues after sleeping but this bed made me so sore I woke up and took ibuprofen to deal with the pain. After complaining to the front desk and house keeping department and almost booking a flight back to Burbank... (A bad night sleep made me not want to be there any more because I was having day nightmares of the upcoming night) The bed did not get replaced... Then my boyfriend complained and followed up with everyone and eventually the housekeeping department installed the floor board and we had a slightly better nights sleep. Should it really take 4 complaints and half a day of waiting to make one's bed sleep worthy? My boyfriend and I are not your typical bad back people and I have never in my life complained about a hotel bed up until now. To make matters worse our room was being cleaned around 7pm when my boyfriend got back from his fashion convention and he needed to shower and change. The house keeping department had hours to clean it and it never happened. Needless to say we both were floored with the level of service at what appeared to be a nice hotel on the surface. Because of all the tragedies occurring I called Cosmo and was so close to switching our rooms and moving hotels. Since this was a company trip and we were not planning on paying for a hotel elsewhere we stayed put. Also I had all of my toiletries and suitcase completely unpacked so it was not easy to just get up and go. Moral of the story is Vdara should put those floor boards on every one of their beds and no one should be waiting hours to make their bed suitable for sleeping. Vdara take note please. If someone wants a mushy bed and back pain then they can call you to have it removed. Overall this is a very quiet hotel, do not come here if you want your hotel itself to be lively & fun. The Vdara pool area closed so early that we had to go to the Aria pool. I am assuming Vdara closes early to save money... We went to other pools and they were popping with people and music while our hotel's pool looked like a ghost town. Other issues with our company rooms- My boyfriends one brother said he had no shower pressure in his shower. The other brother said they got a handicap room- he said the tub was built differently.And to top it off when we came back at midnight their was dirty laundry in the corner of our hall next to several doors within a few feet of our bed. Talk about nasty!!!
4	Really enjoyed staying at this hotel. The staff were all very friendly and helpful. Rooms were amazing. I would definitely stay here again. They only draw back is there are not a lot of dining option in the hotel itself. The hotel also is set pretty far back from the strip, so venturing out to get food or entertainment can be a bit of hike. Although, it does have very easy access to the Bellagio and the Aria.
4	Pros:-VERY friendly staff, even housekeeping would stop to greet us and no one had a snobby attitude.-Super clean, loved the non-smoking aspect (coming from Oregon).-Amazing views, loved playing with the blinds throughout the day and night.-Calm, quiet, relaxing atmosphere (even the other guests were super friendly)Cons:-Lack of dining options (however, this did eliminate traffic and noise)-Distance to the strip, had to go through the Bellagio or Aria to get anywhere (difficult after long, clubbing nights)Overall great getaway, good value, amazing service. Would recommend for those that need a break from the strip life after a long day.
3	we came here for our anniversary for a 2 night stay. the check in at the front desk was a great experience, probably the best part of our stay. we notated on our reservation that we were in town for our anniversary so the guy who checked us in offered to send up something nice. he even checked if we had any dietary restrictions! when we got up to the room, i was a bit disappointed. the lobby is pristine but the room did not reflect the same quality. maybe it was our room but it was so dusty! the room was "clean" but i just felt like i was staying at someone's airbnb guest room versus a 4-5 star hotel. the walls are also pretty thin. i could hear people boning from the bedroom area of my suite. when i was in the bathroom, i could hear people talking. the pool is okay--they only do drink service so you need to go to the market in the lobby to pick up food. they definitely need to update their poolside menu to reflect that. it's all right, but i probably won't stay here again.
5	I have nothing but good things to say about this place. Starting from valet, all the way to the housekeepers; everyone is nice and willing to help. I've read where people complain about the distance from the strip, but when I come to Vegas, I expect to do some walking anyway. My wife & I used to frequent the Venetian, but this place will probably be our "go to" spot from now on. - Keep in mind, this place has NO SELF PARKING, I had to learn the hard way.
1	We made our first and last visit to Vdara (10/19 - 10/27), We booked 8 nights in the Penthouse Suite and arrived Sunday, October 19 at approximately 11 a.m. When we arrived at the hotel we were directed to go to the front desk to pre-register, and were not invited to go to a priority check-in, which meant we had to wait in a very long line as people were checking out at this time as well. This seemed odd for a penthouse booking as we expected to be given a priority in check-in at the very least and we have seen other reviewers who had the two-bedroom Penthouse and they were offered priority check in, upgraded rooms with views of Bellagio lake, etc. We were offered none of that even though we had requested it months in advance. When we finally got up to the desk to pre-register we were told that the room was not ready, but that we could go ahead and check in and they would call us as soon as the room was ready which they expected to be within about two hours.So we went to find a place for lunch. By the time we finished lunch it was about 2:00 and we had expected to hear something by then, but we did not, so we called to see if the room was ready. We could not get an answer as to whether or not the room was ready and all that they could tell us is that someone from housekeeping would be tracked down and we would receive a call back as soon as they could get a status. Over 30 minutes passed, so now it was 2:30, and we still had not gotten even a call back to update us as to the status of the room. We called twice between 2:30 and 3:00 from the lobby and were told the same thing, that no one from housekeeping could be reached and that the room was still not ready. We sat in the lobby watching other people check in, go to their rooms and come back down and leave, all the while we sat waiting with no answers and no one trying to resolve the problem. No remedies were offered at all...we were just left in limbo sitting in the lobby.Finally, at 3:15 out of desperation we got back in the check-in line, waited for another 15 minutes in line, and then when we finally got up to the desk and stated that we had been waiting and that it was now past check-in time, the lady got on the phone trying to get someone from housekeeping to get a status. She told us no one was answering and then she left the counter and said she'd be right back. We have no idea where she went, but she was gone for a long period of time, and finally at somewhere between 3:30 and 3:45 while we were still standing at the counter waiting for her to come back and tell us what was happening, our phone rang and it was housekeeping saying that the room was finally ready, at which point the lady at the desk reappeared. All this time nothing was offered to us, like some complimentary coffee at Starbucks, a couple of drinks in the Vdara bar while we waited, Nothing! This was a completely unacceptable course of events.The people working the front desk have a very snobbish attitude and really don't seem to care about guests. Most of them don't appear to be experienced enough to work in a luxury hotel.Why weren't we ever upgraded to a strip view especially when we were not even put in our room until well past check in time? Why didn't anyone take control of the situation and try to resolve it? Why not have us sit and wait in the Vdara Bar having cocktails and snacks to make it an enjoyable experience?By the time we got to the room and had our luggage brought up, it was well past 4:00. When we finally got to the room it did not have a view of the strip as we had requested. Basically we were looking at and hearing the highway. We could not believe it as we paid for an eight night stay at a Premium 5-Star Hotel Penthouse Suite and spent a significant amount of money to stay in this Penthouse Suite. We have received better accommodations and service at much lower priced hotels in Las Vegas, such as The Signature where we actually had a strip view and a balcony, and were also accommodated on an early check-in with no problems within a reasonable amount of time of arriving. We had to call three days in a row asking for coffee and water, as we were only provided the bare minimum of water and decaffeinated coffee instead of regular coffee. The first time we asked for coffee we were told that there were only three regular caffeinated Keurig coffees left, so we were given the last three. Wow, running out of regular coffee?They also will bring you an arrival gift - Ours was a bowl with four tiny pieces of rotten fruit versus the Signature, where our gift was a large basket of fruit and a bottle of champagne.We observed housekeeping cleaning rooms as late as 5:00 pm, when the turn-down service was shortly after that...just didn't make sense. There were days we left by 9:00 am and turned on the housekeeping light so they could come in and clean, and we would come back late in the afternoon (3 - 5 p.m.) and things still were not done.  This was a $5,000 mistake!
5	It is great...the service ..cleanliness .. Promptness of staff... Location.. prices.... And the amenities.. All are 5 stars..Location is convenient to many items in Vegas, the overall atmosphere as we enter into the hotel is very welcoming and open.. the lack of a casino is actually a benefits, as you're not bombarded  by it with all the noise ..smoking..distractions.. And people who are loitering in the casino.. I love this place
1	This is not a luxury hotel but a timeshare/condo hotel.  I had to be moved three times and still jot great. Furniture watermarked, scratched and dirty. Kitchen cabinets are chipped and worn.  The hotel is not that old and obviously its customers do not take care of it.  If you stay in the animal tower, you will hear dogs barking.  While staff friendly the rooms are overpriced for how they are maintained. But if you are in the mentality that you rented a timeshare or a condo then you will be pleased.  Nice to have a full kitchen but you have to call three times to get cups, teakettle, silverware etc.  Just know going in and you may be happy
5	We stayed lots of Hotels in Vegas.This was the first time stayed at Vdara couple days ago.This was the great experience.Great service.Great personel.Most important you don't need to find parking space by yourself.Valet taking care of parking no extra charge.Very helpful.If you stay other Hotels sometimes trying to find parking it takes forever.When I go to Vegas never stay other hotels.Vdara my favorite.Thanks Vdara giving us great experience for our vacation.See you guys as soon as possible.Thank you.
2	This hotel was a very disappointing experience. I like to travel with my dogs and Vdara advertises being dog friendly. I called them before I made any reservation to get detailed information on their pet policy. They told me that they provide dishes and crates for the dogs so I wouldn't have to bring my own. I drove there so I could have easily brought my puppy's cage and dishes for my dogs. However, since I was told I wouldn't need either I didn't bring any of them with me. After I checked in, exhausted from my long drive 2 tiny crates arrived at my room. The hotel says up to 2 dogs combined weight per room 70lbs. The crates they brought were too tiny for my 43lb Springer and my 30lb puppy could be crammed in but couldn't lay down or sit comfortably. They delivered blankets, a bisquit and a room service menu but no baggies as promised and no bowls. So I called downstairs 4 times to get no answer and went down to speak to them finally. I was told they only had paper dishes and no larger crates. Obviously the paper dishes are not so reuse able with water and difficult to clean from food too so I had to ask for a new set the following day and didn't even get real dog dishes, no attempt was even made to give a a real bowl from room service. Then my second night the puppy got stuck in the tiny crate and suddenly 2 different size larger crates appeared at my door after being told many times that they had nothing larger. My dogs were dying of thirst the entire stay and everytime I needed to feed them was a project. This was not relaxing!  It was frustrating and some of the hotel staff were apologetic but most couldn't be bothered helping me with the dogs needs. If you can't make proper accommodations you should not call yourself pet friendly!  I was charged a fee for having the pets but not given the necessary accommodations for them as promised. Very frustrating. I also got no bell service at check out and the valets were not helpful with my bags loading up my car when I had 2 dogs in my hand too. The beds were not comfy either and all around Vdara was a HUGE disappointment.
4	Hotel  is convenient, but really not worth staying off the strip.  I most likely will not stay here agin but would recommend this for someone staying for a conference, with kids or for someone who does not like a casino.  I knew there was no casino ahead of time.The spa is amazing and our massages were fabulous!  Joan and John were great!  Fitness and Swedish massages were lovely.The hotel was clean.  Check in Staff was quick and valet was also very quick!  Overall decent place to stay.
3	The following is the email I sent right on 8/22/14 (Fri) after the pool service at the Bar Vdara on the 1/F of the hotel. They just sent us back an email that they received it with no follow up at all. Since I am checking others on yelp. I am going to post the email here.Dear management, I am your guest at room 270XX with my husband staying since this Tue and will be leaving today. Yesterday after we came back for dinner at Adir and went to Bar Vdara for a drink. We were standing at the entrance and waiting to be seat.  No waitress came over to us even it was not many guest at the bar. There was a bartender pointed us the way and told us to seat ourselves while I could see there were several waitresses standing behind him doing nothing.  After we sat down for a while, no one came over to us to say anything. My husband saw a waitress brought a drink to the table behind me and she even looked at him but still didn't come over or say anything to us. We stayed another two minutes and waiting to order some drinks. After several minutes, still no one came over. My husband said this was ridicious and we left. Then we got some drink and cake at the market located across the bar. We had a very bad experience at your bar and would like to report to the management since I believe the management should know about their poor service to their guest and someone need to deal with it. We never has such pool service in a hotel restaurant before and it is not acceptable.
4	V for Vdara.On the last leg of my recent Vegas trip, I spent three nights at Vdara, one of the many properties in the City Center Complex.  Though this hotel does not have its own casino, its sister property Aria, with its casino and many bars and restaurants, is only a short walk away.  We had a corner suite with a spectacular view of Aria and surrounding areas.  Amenities of our suite included:*A kitchen area complete with refrigerator and small dining area/table.*Small living room space with a sofa, flat screen television, and coffee table.*Spacious bathroom with dual vanities, soaking tub, make-up counter/area, generous closet space, and a roomy stand-up shower.*Push button controls for the blinds/shades for the entire room.  Very convenient and helpful.....there was just a wee bit of difficulty locating all the various controls.*Complimentary (and very comfortable) bath slippers.Overall, I liked our suite very much.  The kitchen and living room areas were a very decent size, while the bathroom was much larger than I expected.  There was also a placard in the kitchen area stating that kitchen utensils and accessories (pots, pans, etc), were available on request.  As far as the bed is concerned, it was soft and extremely comfortable.  I feel my only gripe about the room is that we had some difficulty, initially, locating all the controls for the blinds.  Also, I did wonder why two doors were given access to the bathroom (one from the bedroom and the other via the kitchen).  I thought that was a bit odd, though the door access from the kitchen could be locked from inside the bathroom.  Lastly, there was a slightly vinegar odor in the room when we arrived, and so maintenance was sent up to the room with an air purifier type device.  Thankfully, the smell disappeared later that night.Lastly, some hotel amenities I took advantage of were the Starbucks and convenience store/coffee shop in the lobby.  I commend the baristas at the Starbucks, as they exhibited much teamwork the morning I visited.  Adversely, the store is part coffee shop and part convenience store.  You're able to order pastries and coffee, while there is a self service section for water, juices, sodas, snacks, etc.  Items are a bit pricey, but hey, you're paying for the convenience after all.BOTTOM LINE:  A pleasant 3-night stay at the Vdara Hotel.  I wouldn't mind returning to stay on a future trip.
4	I always stay at the Vdara when I'm in Vegas since my family has a room here. I love how the lobby always smells so good and how friendly the valet and front desk workers are. The studio I'm always at is always clean and housekeeping is great whenever I need extra items, even cookware! I guess the only problem I encountered was that housekeeping once complained about how much towels we asked for. My son loves bubble-baths and he made a huge mess one time so we had to use all the towels to clean up the mess he made. I guess they didn't really think about the fact that I was just trying to help.
5	This is one of the nicest hotels I've ever stayed in.  The rooms and bathrooms are huge and they have a little eat in kitchen area (which I was told is because they were originally meant to be condos, but they couldn't sell them)
3	Las Vegas probably needed a hotel (or condo/hotel) like this, as it's for a very different clientele.  The hotel tries the wellness angle, where it's non-smoking, doesn't have a casino, and even allows dogs in some rooms/floors.  It's next to Aria, which is set back off The Strip more than you'd think from a map or pictures.  Like Aria, Vdara too pipes in a smell throughout, but it's more floral than Aria's vanilla.  The pool is (or was, as they've since added more umbrellas for coverage) infamous for their "death ray", which has been known to literally melt plastic with its intensity.  Officially, there are dining places in the Vdara, but they're more in the "grab a snack" category than the restaurant category.  Vdara's website refers you to Aria for actual meals.  For the wellness minded person who isn't in Las Vegas to gamble and was sort of dragged along by his/her friends - or for those who can't travel without their dog -  Vdara is your place.  If you're like me though, and you were just trying Vdara to try it or because you found a good rate, not having any sort of casino is too much of a deal breaker.  I thought Aria being next door would be fine, but it'll still take you a 10 minute walk to get to a machine or table because they're deceptively farther away than you might think.  If you just want to gamble for a few minutes as you're killing time, it's not really that close.
5	My go-to hotel when traveling to Las Vegas for business. The staff are extremely competent and professional. I appreciate the security at the elevator banks ~ nobody gets by without a keycard. Rooms are beautiful (I have a sweet view of Lake Bellagio's night light show, the new Ferris wheel and the City's neon lights).I was able to pre-purchase my room at a great rate which included a $50 food credit to be used at their market, Starbucks, restaurant/bar, or room service. It was quite handy for snacks and waters during my stay. Whenever next in Las Vegas, I'll be back.
5	This place is gorgeous!  I went to Vegas for business and got an amazing suite with a small kitchen, beautiful bathroom with a large garden tub, a shower, a living room area and a king size bed.  Everything was clean and the room service while you are there are very thorough.  The room service is fast and delicious - expensive but what do you expect for room service in Vegas.  The staff are all very accommodating and they offer the ability to check out on your cell phone - you don't even have to go to the desk.  Would love to stay here again.
4	Arrived at desk at 1:25 to check in. Was told "TSA" (cleaning staff)/are in the room, will not be too long of a wait. Now I've been waiting one hour in the lobby, told by front desk they're still in the room but no ETA and no further information available. Bad first impression to say the least. What I was initially told no longer seems truthful. If its going to be a long (over 30 minutes wait) please just be honest and tell me when I am trying to check in. I understand if your staff is very busy but just be forthcoming about that this is so frustrating.UPDATE: They upgraded me (complimentary) to one higher type of suite. Front desk agent was very understanding and acted with great calm and poise on my final visit to the front desk (I was not in a pleasant mood). Changing this to four stars as they made up for the initial mishap without any friction. Thank you.
5	What an amazing hotel! The rooms are gorgeous and spacious, very well decorated with a "spa-like" feel. I had a mini suite with a powder room at the front, a living room with a couch and desk (TV TOO), a kitchen with a full fridge, stove and microwave,  and a beautiful corner view (lots of windows). The blinds are push button and the bathrooms are huge (large stand alone tub). The hotel does NOT have a casino which was no big deal since there are so many within walking distance (Aria is right next door). The place does not smell like smoke at all.  There is a bar in the main lobby with all kinds of different libations (expensive!) and a "market" as well as couple different restaurants (pizza, mexican food etc) and a Starbucks (always crowded). I love this hotel and will stay often. Also the security team stands near the elevators and asks to see your key (very safe!).
4	On my last trip to Las Vegas I stayed at Vdara Hotel & Spa.  I loved that it was smoke free and did not have a casino.  The front desk staff were very accommodating and professional (quick service).  The room was fantastic, spacious and very much like an upscale apartment based on design.  The pool was lovely... One criticism, if you like fine dining their restaurant dining choices are limited. Looking for fine dining I recommend you walk over to Aria Hotel, plenty of great choices... All in all a great property for business or pleasure. I will go back.
3	Long walk from the strip to hotel. Best part of the whole week was when I got my "RESORT FEE" 4 days $84.00.$84.00 for what. November? winter? I guess walking by the pool is worth $84.00Don't get me wrong it is nice the room was great but thats all.
5	My fiance (now husband) stayed here when we came to Las Vegas to get married and honeymoon.We had a wonderful experience and I would definitely stay at Vdara (or any MGM property) again.Every single staff member was helpful, especially that first day when we were getting use to the lay of the hotel.Unlike some reviewers *ah hem* I always make sure to read my paperwork before signing up for anything.  Read up on all the amenities, resort fees and taxes and included this in my planning. Just makes sense.The room was spotless, and was cleaned daily and checked at least 2x a day.  There was an optional turn down service, but we turned it down.  The waters left in the room by staff we highly appreciated! We left a tip for the staff every single day.The windows were huge and really let you take in the mountains in the background, and the city at night. You could not beat the view from our room. 38 floors up we could see the Eiffel tower, Bellagio fountains and the High Roller (new 550ft observation wheel, tallest in the world atm)Since we were there a week but only brought carry-on luggage, we also made use of the washer/dryer.  It is just a small stacked set made to handle shirts and pants, not larger items, which was fine.  The Vdara provided complementary detergent and dryer sheets on request.There was an in-suite kitchen, and being able to save leftovers and heat them up properly to eat tomorrow was a blessing. The Market Cafe in the lobby was nice because of convenience (but you will pay for it of course)It was very nice to 'get away' from the city when you were ready to sleep.  No casino, no smoking, quite and peaceful.  And if you are a night owl is is a short walk away are Bellagio and Aria, both are excellent properties to visit. Bellagio has the gardens and fountains, both have casinos. Also there is a free tram to Monte Carlo and Crystal Shops. To those complaining about walking, why on earth would you choose a Las Vegas Vacation? And why on earth would you stay here if you wanted to be on the strip?  Do you not know how to read a map scale?
5	Incredible experience. Non smoking, clean, beautiful, connected to Bellagio and steps away from Aria.  My dogs loves the dog park and everyone was so pleasant.  I will never staycation anywhere else.
5	First time here and we will be back. From the initial greeting of the front desk staff, to the bellman that assisted us with our bags, the hospitality staff and all of the employees in the hotel, we could not have been treated more like royalty.Our room was a corner suite which included a guest half bath, full separate kitchen, stackable washer and dryer, work area desk, pull out couch and a master suite with the most luxurious bathroom separate tub and shower dual vanities and a wraparound interview that was breathtaking. If you have not stayed here before I highly recommend this property which is located in the center of all the action just one block off the strip.We have found our second home away from home and will be back soon. Thank you Vdara!!
3	Their hotel is nice, but their shaving kit is a joke. Had to go out of my way and walk to Walgreen's to get something that even worked. My facial hair isn't even that coarse, but it took going over the same spot 10 times hoping the razor would eventually rip the hair out of your face, since the blades were too dull to cut anything. I gave up, and walked to Walgreen's with a patchy face. The cheapest two-blade plastic razor there was able to finish the job going over my face once.
4	Great location, incredible rooms, and tremendous value booked via: hotels.com.  Boutique, so no casino and no smoking = outstanding, fits what we need in business travel to the dreadful business convention venue that is LV.  Only suggestion would be to open lobby Convenience store and Starbucks earlier.  For those of us that business travel, 6am is LATE...will stay again when in LV.
5	Money well spent.Room was awesome & the view was breathtaking! Definitely coming back.
4	My gal pal and I decided to stay at Vdara for our first visit to Vegas in late July. We got a complimentary upgrade to a beautiful corner suite on the 50th floor - clean, spacious, two bathrooms, washer/dryer, and a kitchenette (full fridge/freezer, dishwasher, stovetop - you just need to ask them to send up pots/pans/cutlery) which was great for keeping food costs down!It is on the other side of the Bellagio (further away from the strip, about a 10 minute walk - blocks in Vegas are huge!) and it was really nice to not have to walk through a smoky casino every time we left our hotel. There is a Walgreens kitty corner from Bellagio that had a good assortment of fresh and frozen food, and alcohol. The concierges were great - they helped us book discounted Cirque du Soleil tickets, make restaurant reservations, and had lots of advice for restaurants and bars (including guest list and passes for day pool parties). I liked the pool area, lots of umbrellas for shade, but also the ability to close them if you wanted to tan. There were a lot of children there though so I imagine that was a function of Vdara being a casino-less hotel. Vdara doesn't have a complimentary airport shuttle service, but they can arrange for a shuttle, and other airport shuttles do stop there. They do have complimentary luggage storage though. Regarding the resort fee - our travel agent had advised us of this ahead of time, and that this was common practice at the bigger hotels, so we weren't surprised. Overall I enjoyed my stay at Vdara and would definitely consider staying here again.
5	My husband and I recently stayed here for the first time. There's not a bad thing I can say about this hotel. We had the most basic room, which still had a dining room for two and a couch! Plenty of room for both of us. Easy access to Bellagio through a outdoor hallway and also the strip via a 5 minute walk inside the Bellagio. Although it does not have a restaurant, the Market Cafe has plenty of premade sandwiches and salads too choose from and a menu you can also order from. Only downside is that the Cafe does close at midnight for people who stay out late, but it didn't hurt our experience of the hotel. Other than that, this hotel has all you can ask for. Beautiful room, great views and love that it is all smoke free.
5	I seriously don't even know where to begin with how impressed I am time and time again with the level of service that Vdara provides each and every time I visit! Vegas has a hotel for everybody and after staying at almost all the MGM owned properties I think it's safe to say that Vdara is my favorite one and I'll explain briefly why! The fact that this is a non-gaming property puts its above the others and the fact that you don't smell that horrible stench of cigarette/cigar smoke when you get back to your room is even better! Don't get me wrong I love a little gambling here and there but it's a hop skip and a jump to get over to the tables if desired when staying at Vdara! The valet employees are all very fast and efficient! The front desk employees are all professional and pleasant to deal with when checking in/out! The rooms are AMAZING! Booking even the deluxe suite will do you right! Oh and if you are like me and bring your dog everywhere Vdara caters to us animal lovers! Very pet friendly :-) Will always be my first choice in hotel stays!
5	My friend and I stayed at the Vdara this past weekend for a Vegas weekend and it was a great experience. Vdara is one of a few newly constructed developments on the strip. I did not realize the Vdara was just a hotel. The best part of this property is that it is not like your other hotel/casinos where smoke is everywhere. This property is modern, clean, and convenient to the strip.  If you are not a gambler and want a property that is relaxing and modern, this is the place to stay. I really do not have any negative things to say about this hotel. The rooms were spacious and clean and the bathrooms were very clean and modern (includes a shower with glass doors and an actual bathtub). It even has a kitchen inside the room which was convenient! Overall, our experience was amazing and the hotel staff were great. One night we had ordered room service at 4am and the food and service was top notch. This is a place where I would come back again.
5	This is a really nice hotel...you won't have to figure out if it has that personality that will fit yours like many in Vegas...nice and very reasonable if you can hook up with one of their internet specials...great for romantic adults and great for families as well....a can't miss...
4	Love this hotel, no casino and it is smoke-free!  Suite was spacious and very nice.  I love the interior - the decors and layout of room.  Very comfortable, beautiful view.  The only thing i didn't like were the white towels.  They didn't look so white and had stains on them (even the new ones I requested). Kitchen doesn't come with pots, pans, utensils but you can request for them (no charge but I did tip them couple times, just because I requested so many things). I was on the 52nd floor, room 52003.....city view. Try requesting a room with an even #, i think those rooms have way better view (with fountain).  I asked to see if they had any complimentary upgrade but they were booked for the weekend, so no luck there! Overall, great experience!
5	Enjoyed our stay in Vdara for the most part. Pros:- Great value for your $.- Non-smoking, non-gambling. - Included valet. Very friendly and will provide you directions to anywhere you're going.- Modern- Soaking Tub- Huge windows with automated shades- Great bed (feel so great in the morning!)- Starbucks on premises- Cafe (although we never went there, too expensive and limited choices)- A short walk from Aria and Jean Philippe Patisserie (amazing crepes, don't miss out!)- Easy checkout. You can check out on your TV, just make sure the bill looks right. Cons:- Was not as clean as we'd like. Hair in the bathroom, dirty windows, furniture smudges.- No in-suite kitchenette. Wouldn't be a big deal if it didn't take over 40 minutes to get anything from housekeeping. - We were charged $5 for a tiny bottle of water in the cooler. We thought this was complementary b/c the description of prices mentioned a specific water brand and that wasn't what we drank. Not a huge deal, but the fact that it was so difficult to distinguish what's charged and what isn't doesn't sit well with me. - Walls not as thick as you'd like them to be. Woke up by the screaming sound of someone next door. Not sure if all the rooms are like that, but our was. This is probably a one time thing but I'd like to mention it anyway. Overall this hotel has a lot going for it, away from the bright night light but close enough that you could walk there. Tips:Vdara is right across from Aria entrance (there are several). Once you go up the ramp and see Aria, just keep driving around until you see Vdara valet. An excellent crepe and other foods place called Jean Phillipe Patisserie is right inside Aria (just go left as you exit the lobby). There is a tram that will take you down the strip a ways (easiest access to the strip). The walkway to the tram is inside Vdara right next to the Starbucks. There's no easy way to get to the strip directly from hotel, I recommend taking the tram every time.
5	I really like the non-smoking and non gambling aspect of the hotel.  It is almost attached to the Belligo and Aria.We had a corner suite and it was an amazing view.  We did have some items missing from our hotel room, which I hope was an accident but seemed suspect.The room had a washer, dryer and dishwasher.  Weirdest part is they don't the dishwashing  tabs which made it pointless to have a dishwasher.  We will 100% return to this hotel.
4	What a gorgeous hotel!  Their rooms are pacious, clean, and modern.  We got a room with parital view of Bellagio fountain and amazing view.  The service staffs are polite and friendly.  Only valet parking, no self parking. There is a mandatory $28 resort charge (pool & gym). You won't smell like cigarettes on your clothes and hair because there is no casino inside this hotel.  No cigarette smokes to bother your eyes, nose, skin. I would definitely come back.
3	It really breaks my heart to write a three-star review of Vdara. The hotel promises SO much. Cool lobby, no smoking or gambling...bright and light. The problem exists in the rooms themselves:Why have kitchens when you don't supply kitchen supplies? We asked three times at the front desk for them, finally called down to get some, and then the housekeeper comes in with plates and glasses. Another trip...then we get a pot and a pan. Oh, and NO wine glasses in the suite. Really? We have to ask for those, too...and then housekeeping takes them the next morning.The upholstered chair and couch were dirty. The bed was immaculate, though.There wasn't any dishwashing detergent, sponges or towels for cleaning the dishes.Had to call downstairs to find the blow dryer (immediate thought was that there wasn't one). I guess we got spoiled with the level of service at Encore, where every need is anticipated. Vdara felt like they were just hoping that no one would ask for things.On the good side, the location is great...right next to Aria, close to Cosmopolitan (great happy hours), walkway to Bellagio. Special kudos to the servers in the Marketcafe--service (and food) was amazing.One tip--wine in the store connected to the Marketcafe is cheaper than Whole Foods, so save your money and buy there.Will we be back? Probably not. Too bad because the view in our room was amazing (corner suite facing the Bellagio fountains).
5	Best hotel I have ever stay! we only spent one night there, and we really had a great time. Everything in this hotel was prefect. There was no casinos so no one smoking inside the build, that really made it a better place than other hotels here. Our room was at 49th floor, it have a great view to the lake, that was amazing.Room was prefect, great indoor decor, 3 TVs, 2 big ones in bedroom/living room, the other smaller one was in the bathroom. Bed was good and comfortable, there was a nice tub in the bathroom, I love that tub, time run faster when I was in that tub.Check in/out was easy and fast, valet parking is free. Wifi is super.Only thing bothered me a little was hard to find a exit to street, good thing is tons of taxis out there.I will go back.
4	Just got back from 2 nights in Las Vegas at the Vdara. For people who are not gamblers or smokers and want a quiet refuge from that, the Vdara is your place.Check-in/Check out was quick, organized and easy. Stayed in a deluxe suite, which was large enough for 2 people. There is a small kitchenette that includes a fridge and a stovetop.Pool area is fairly small, but still nice. The bar/cabanas were closed for winter. Not a lot in terms of dining at the Vdara. You can get food at the lobby bar. There's also a small market and a Starbucks in the hotel. But for any real dining, you are better off going to the Aria next door.Vdara is part of the MGM conglomerate, which includes Aria, Bellagio, MGM Grand, etc. So, entertainment and dining across those properties is easily put on the room bill. We had a $50 food and drink credit-- and they wound up comping our food at Julian Serrano next door in the Aria--which came to about $65.Parking is really easy, should you have a car. Valet is free and quick.This was my first time in Vegas. I'm not a gambler, or into clubbing, and have a low tolerance for the d-baggery associated with "The Strip". For me, Vdara was close to perfect.
5	Absolutely love this hotel! You can always find a good deal and I always get upgraded!! This hotel is very modern and beautiful...Vdara has no casino but u can walk across to Aria to gamble .....It's quiet and always smells nice...They actually pump Vanilla air freshner into the vents to make the hotel smell fabulous .....It's at City Centre which I love and it's in the middle of everything....They also have free parking/valet with your stay....The service is always top notch too!
5	My favorite place to stay in Vegas hands down!!! It's perfect for the kids because of the no smoking and no casino, however you are super close to the Aria if you feel like winning some money ;-).
1	Where to begin... This review is based on my most recent visit to Vdara (during the Thanksgiving week).I had stayed in Vdara in the past and had nothing but good things to say about the resort - good rates, cleanness, great service, amazing view, perfect deco, location etc.Ever since we stayed in Vdara (we've stayed practically everywhere else on the strip and Aria was our favorite so far), we don't even bother looking into other hotels since.  Sometimes a bad hotel experience could ruin the entire trip, so this had saved us a lot of time and effort searching for a place to stay whenever we visit LV (I usually go to LV at least 2~3 times a year).However, our most recent visit ended in disaster after we had encountered... BED BUGS (or it could be some other type of bugs).  It is hard to believe that there could be bed bugs in a resort such as this, even I had doubts... but it happened.We had stayed 3N/4D and on the second night, I folded out the sofa bed and slept on it.  In the morning next day, I had noticed certain rashes on both of my legs and on my friend's stomach (her daughter also had rash on her thighs - they both used the sofa bed to watch TV the night before).  We first thought it might be something in the linens and asked the housekeeping to look into it before going out to lunch.  Although we had requested for housekeeping on three different ways - 1) left the housekeeping light "on", 2) notified the housekeeping who came by earlier that we need it during lunch, and 3) requested to the front desk while waiting for valet.However, when we had returned to our room, the housekeeping still had not come by yet.  Once we called, they came after almost an hour wait and we had to wait for another half hour or so waiting for them to finish.  Later that night, my rash had gotten worse and it even started to bleed in certain places.  Then it started to sting and the pain was unbearable... it literally felt like I was being stung by dozens of bees at once.  My gf suggested that I filled the tub with warm water and put my legs in for a while, which eased the pain a bit.  Other still had minor rashes, but mine was the worst (I was the only one who slept on it all night).  Once the pain had gotten little better, I spent the last night of my trip sleeping on the floor (everybody was too tired and we didn't want to bother switching rooms or deal with it since we were leaving the next morning).Next day when I was checking out, I made a quick visit to the front desk to notify what had happened and showed them the pictures of my leg which I had taken over the night before.  The front desk called the manager because this was a "security protocol" who had asked me to make a statement with their security dept.  We were on our way out and the valet had already pulled out our car so we were in a hurry but they said it will only take a minute so I decided to wait.  While waiting for the security officer the manager took off the resort fees as courtesy... SERIOUSLY?!  I was in pain all night and practically ruined my last night of our trip and he took $28/day off for our stay?!  The funny thing is that when I headed to the front desk, I was not expecting any kind of comp because of this, I solely did it because we thought it's something they should be aware of.  But when they took off the resort fee and made it seem like it was a huge comp they were giving us, then the whole thing just felt like an insult.  On top of that, we had waited for over 15 minutes and the security officer still had not shown up.  I told the front desk that we need to leave, and she had offered that she'll have someone call me for the statement shortly.  The funny thing is that it's been weeks and I still haven't received a call for a statement.  And it was the hotel who NEEDED the statement, not me.We really did enjoy staying in Vdara in the past and there's a good chance that we'll most likely stay there on our next trip, but the most recent stay/incident made it seem very difficult to make such decision easily nor recommend to others (which I have done so since we first stayed).  Again, it really is a great hotel with exception qualities but I do not recommend using their sofa bed or if you do, just keep an eye out if you noticed unusual rash or marks on your skin soon after.
5	I will keep this short and very sweet.  This was my husband and my first stay at Vdara.  Starting with the VIP curbside greeting, we knew we were at home. The smell of the lobby is like heaven. The fragrance is very spa-like, but sweeter.  (unlike the stinky smoky, casino lobbies) The staff took such great care of us.  The 46th floor Corner View suite was fabulous and very CLEAN.  Housecleaning was nice and they took care of the room twice am/pm and even had our slippers and bottle water waiting bedside. what a nice touch!  Checkout was nice and easy.   James A. (bellman) was superb.  We can't wait to return!   I highly advise you "Do Vegas differently".   I always looked forward to coming home to a sweet smelling, luxurious haven at the end of the day.Vdara and Aria is the new Vegas.  I'm spoiled.  :)
5	Hands down on this great Hotel.. If your not into crowded people .. This is your right Hotel..If your into Family Vacation with kids.. This is your Hotel..If you hate Smoking...This is your HotelI Booked my Hotel at Mlife at the Bellagio for 4 nights...Deluxe Fountain View...But after 1 day....I told my friends I need to moved out. I feel tight at Bellagio..( Don't get me Wrong. Bellagio is one of my Favorite) Except the walk towards our room FAR..and the Smoking people at the Casino annoys me. (Gone are the Elegance my Mom Told me). Thumbs up on Vdara: Quick Check-In                                   Impressive Room ( Big)                                   Bathroom!!!  Mega Clean                                   Smoke Free? ( Not sure but most people I've  seen  looks Decent)I just book my room at Vdara on the Second Night at Bellagio. The Deluxe Room was very impressive......Only Complaint i had was the Next room (Ghetto Partying people at 3am) Gee...Im used to partying out of the Hotel (XS and Tryst) .When I'm done .. Hotel was supposed to be like your home to rest ..I called to Security..(No offense Again ..but if you can't afford to go Clubbing Id go somewhere ELSE).Overall ...Id Suggest Vdara for its Location. Big Clean New Rooms...What else can I say...Book Here to Experience what i Had...
5	The rooms here are beautiful, exactly what you would expect from a high-end hotel in Las Vegas. Although some complementary coffee in the room would have been nice.  Other than that, our stay was comfortable and pleasant.
4	Usually stay at Aria but decided to try something new for a coworkers mini bachelorette getaway. -First of all, there is no self park and to even FIND the location was a task for us Vdara newbs. We drove around and around in circles after missing the tiny sign 3 times lol. On top of that, a very unhelpful lady on the driveway told us self parking was on las vegas blvd all the while never glancing at us and playing on her phone the whole time. So not knowing that she meant the Aria self parking we drove around again until we self googled and realized there is NO SELF PARKING! Only comped valet!-The lady at the front desk was nice and upgraded us to a room with a fantastic view of the Bellagio fountains, the LINQ ferris wheel. Housekeeping and room service were all super prompt and friendly when I "thought" I couldn't open the drapes...(I was just too dumb to operate the switch)-The room itself was pretty spacious with a king bed..(not sure) and a couch which doubles as a bed. While the bathroom has a walk-in shower and a separate cute tub with not so great shampoos/conditioners.. A mini stove, microwave, and sink comes equipped with the room and I believe pots are available upon request so its nice if you want to stay in and cook yourself a homey dinner -.- Overall, the place is clean and pretty awesome so I'd probably stay here again but NEVER again park at Aria and try to walk over because its super tedious!
5	Vdara is one of the hotels that my husband and I love staying for our mini vacation every month. Sometimes we would come here two to three times a month. All pleasure no business. We called Las Vegas our second home because we come here so often. This hotel is very modern, clean and services are awesome! Love this place. Can't wait to come back again.
1	It is not you can hear the freeway, or that there is no coffee, or that the lights are dark, it is the view into the other guys room that are this place s rip off.  Who could possibly want to stay in a hotel with such a view.  The architect must have been stoned.  Worst hotel I have been too in Vegas....
5	My husband and I just got back from a 4 night stay here and we loved it ! Check in was easy and FAST ... maybe we just got there at the right time (4pm). Very friendly and accommodating front desk. When inquiring about late check out, we were given it complimentary for a two hour extension. Not standard, but don't hesitate to ask ! Our room was on the 33rd floor, was very spacious and had a great view of the Bellagio Fountains and the Strip. We had several friends staying in Vegas at the same time all over the strip, and we by far had a better room and view. Bed was soft, but comfortable. Nice large bathroom, with separate shower and bathtub. Large kitchenette, with mini bar, refrigerator, microwave and something like a stove (hotplate set up). Also has a table and two chairs if you choose to dine in. Living area with sofa and chair, coffee table and separate TV from the one in the sleeping area. Overall, large, beautiful, and clean room. The Vdara is part of the city center, and it can be hard to navigate your way to the Strip. We made the mistake of going through Aria a few times and it takes forever. We quickly learned that the hotel has a walkway to the Bellagio, and it put us in a much better position on the strip. On average, it took about 10 minutes to get from the hotel through the Bellagio walking, no more than 20 minutes to get to the Flamingo/Bally's.If you want to be in the center of all the action, this hotel is not for you. But if you want a beautiful, relaxing place to go back to after a day or night out in Vegas, than stay here ! We ordered takeout at 4am and there is something to be said about just going down the elevator to pick it up at the front desk rather than taking a 20 minute walk through a casino to get there :)
4	I LOVED the Vdara! My husband and I stayed in a corner suite for a total of four nights.The room was spacious and the view was amazing! I also loved the fact that the hotel did not have a casino and was non-smoking! It made for a much faster taxi line, especially when it was raining and no irritating cigarette/cigar smoke (I wear contacts so all of the smoke was really irritating my eyes).  Housekeeping was also very friendly and efficient when it came to cleaning our room. They were always on it when we needed something brought up. For instance, the Keurig in our room was missing and they brought one up for us as well as extra cups and k-cups. However, I did deduct a star because my things were constantly being moved. I.E. My hairbrush and facial lotion would constantly move from my side to that of my husband's. I also loved that room service was offered for 24 hours a day. We enjoyed ordering room service, but I despised the fact that it would take hours to fulfill an order. For instance, on Saturday night at about 2AM, we ordered two salads. We were told that it would take 30 minutes, but it ended up taking 2 hours. On Friday night, the same thing happened, however, this time, we had fallen asleep by the time that they delivered our food so we didn't get our food, but were still charged for the order. BOO! The other times that we did order room service, the food arrived within a reasonable time frame so room service was definitely hit or miss. I would still recommend the Vdara because it isn't as crowded as other hotels and it has easy access to the freeway.
5	I recently stayed at Vdara while visiting Vegas for a friends wedding weekend and I absolutely loved my stay here.Vdara is a gorgeous hotel and I think one of the best things about it is that its a non smoking hotel and it doesn't have a casino. Complimentary Valet Parking 24/7, no self parking but why would you want self parking when you could take advantage of the free valet parking.I was able to check in at 11am and was upgraded to a 36th floor suite, sweet.Room was extremely clean and I never had any issues during my stay. The rooms are really spacious and with great views, no paper thin walls makes it a huge thing when you have the vegas late night drunks stumbling around.If you're looking to gamble Aria, Bellagio and Cosmopolitan are just a few steps away. Staff is top notch and very courteous. The location is really good, just behind The Cosmopolitan but with easy access to the stip. The hotel offers a nice bar "Bar Vdara" with a full bar and great food menu. Also they have a starbucks for the coffee lovers.Pet friendly.Free WiFi.Really nice fitness center.
5	I stayed in the Vdara Suite over the weekend and had a great experience. This room is 811 sq ft with one bedroom, full bathroom, living room, full kitchen, dining area, washer/dryer, and a half bathroom. Everything was clean and modern. It felt like a nice little one bedroom apartment! The bed was super comfortable. The blinds were controlled by a button! Ooo fancy. On top of all that, it was a really good price at $229/night for a nonpeak weekend.Service exceeded my expectations. I had made a reservation online earlier with my AAA discount (10% off). When I checked in at the front desk, the guy told me that I was an Mlife member (I didn't know that) and told me that I could get an even better discount (15% off). He took the time to create my Mlife card and even changed the rate for my friend's room as well who didn't even check in yet. He was super friendly and gave us his opinion on Drais since we were planning on going that night. I think his name is Dominic? Also, all of our luggage arrived pretty quickly to our room. The bell boy asked if the fridge and everything was working and if we wanted him to get ice for us. The only con was that since Vdara is valet parking only, Sunday morning around checkout time was a bit hectic. There were so many people waiting outside to get their cars. We waited about 20 minutes.Tips-No self parking but valet parking is free-Dog friendly hotel-There is a security guard that checks room keys by the elevator-Free wi-fi for up to 4 devices (your last name + room number)
5	This was my first time visiting or staying at Vdara. Our stay was excellent- beginning with valet and extended throughout our stay. Vdara staff are amazing and really made us feel welcomed.  We were upgraded to a corner suite upon check-in and the room was absolutely amazing! Stunning views of the strip, Bellagio fountains and more. the room sas comfortable and had features such as a washer- dryer, full kitchen including dishwasher, stove and full sized fridge. The rooms were sleek and comfortable. We requested extra pillows and blankets from housekeeping which were delivered promptly.Valet, housekeeping, cafe and front of house staff were all superb. very friendly, welcoming and accommodating.The hotel just turned 5 years old but is very well maintained and clean.My only complaint is that the market closes at 10pm on week nights - but it is December (slow season).We will definitely be returning!
5	So I have to start by saying that the people make the place; the staff at Vdara are amazing.  Polite, helpful, and going above and beyond for no reason other than because they want to.  That kind of ethic always gets 5-stars from me.  It was my first time in Vegas (a city I learned I am not cut out for) and I did the gambling, spending that is common.  What was uncommon was having an establishment, NOT Vdara, overdraft my account by $1500.  As a result, the day I was to leave I had no cash, and obviously, no money in my account.  I was unable to get a cab to the airport... problematic.  After trying multiple ways to use other forms of payment, Ben, the man who calls the taxis for guests, calls one up and pays for my ride to the airport.  He said, "It's close enough to christmas, right?"  What a way to save the day!That being said, the environment of Vdara cannot be beat.  The rooms have a simple elegance without all the fluff you find all over Las Vegas.  The suites are clean and spacious with wonderful views, the lobby and sitting areas are open and inviting.  Our suite had a washer and dryer in it!?  That was a first!  Also, it was QUIET.  After walking on the strip all day, it was a welcome change.  I will likely never go farther in Vegas than the airport ever again... But if I do, Vdara will be my first stop.
4	Vdara hotel is absolutely beautiful. The foyer doesn't have the smell of cigarettes nor the clinging and clanging of slot machines. It is an actual hotel only in the midst of Vegas. I appreciate Vdara for what it is and daring to take luxury to a new level by leaving the casino aspect to other hotels.It shares an entrance into Aria and Cosmopolitan. Follow the narrow paths that have an arrow pointing to Vdara. The rooms have a modern feel with wood coloring, kitchen and a King sized bed. There is a dining table, powder room, large bathroom with your shower, bathtub, and vanity area. These rooms are big enough for at least 5 people if you use the pull out couch. If you get a room high enough, you can see a great skyline view of the strip. Housekeeping services are EXTREMELY quick. They are probably the quickest at getting the extra towels, toothbrushes, and bed sheets than any other hotel that I have stayed at in Vegas. Vdara, I hope to be back soon!
4	I stayed at this hotel for 5 days for a conference, which was held in the hotel, last week. I would stay there again.ROOM:My room was beautiful, and HUGE. I had an enormous (presumably king size) bed, and I heard the, yes, sofa in an adjoined "room" divided from the bed area by the TV floor-to-ceiling cabinet, and the desk. There was a kitchen area also, even with a cooktop, though I did not see any cookware, and, there was no grocery type store that i saw near the hotel. A Walgreen's that was supposedly nearby, but which took me hours to get to, going through the Cosmopolitan casino, which I heard took another fellow at the hotel, about the same amount of time to find. The room had free wifi, which was good. POOL: Its pool was closed for the week I was there, which I'd have appreciated knowing before I reserved a room there. There was also no sign at the pool area saying it was closed. I found this out while 2 other people were trying to get into the pool area as I was, by visiting the concierge who told me it was closed for the week. I let him know there was no sign there. I was able to use the pool area in its sister hotel Aria for the week, but that cut out on my lunch time taking 15-ish minutes to walk back and forth for my lunch hours at the conference, not great.CONCIERGE:I was here while the bull riding championships were in town, which I have always wanted to see. So I asked the concierge if tickets were easy to get, and was told they were sold out and I'd need to go through a ticket broker and they were really expensive, which seems like an odd thing for a concierge to say to a hotel guest, versus getting the price for me and offering to get the tickets for me. Later, another guest told me there were plenty of tickets, and they were "cheap," so I am not sure what was true, and sadly to me, I didn't see this event I'd always wanted to go to for amusement. It always cracks me up watching it on TV.  ;)FOOD:The hotel has some food at the bar, and a deli type place where you can get decent and expensive breakfasts and other meals, and it also has plenty of takeout options. You are able to get any of their foods as take out. I saw an older gentleman in a suit at a table, receive his breakfast in a takeout box, saw him explain he was eating in (and he was seated at a table), and saw the server bring him a plate to transfer the food to from his takeout box. I was surprised seeing this given the cost of the entree, that they didn't take it back and plate it for him -- that seemed surprisingly shoddy. The quality of the food was fine, not particularly notable for the eggs Benedict. Its breakfast potatoes, while tasty, were not at all crisp, which I like to see in a breakfast potato. The takeout cobb salad was generous though, so that was good. The biscuits and gravy I'd skip, even though usually I love this dish. It featured sausage that was in casing, then cut up which was odd, so that got screwed up in the gravy, and the biscuits were unusual, soaking up the gravy instead of acting how biscuits in gravy normally "act". Not sure of the words to use, but that dish I cannot recommend, here. I did not have lunch or dinner here so cannot comment.There is a Starbucks in the lobby also, and had prices that were okay. I was in a Starbucks in a Hilton in San Diego a few days later, featuring prices about 25% higher, so the prices at the Vdara's Starbucks were decent, for Vegas.LOCATION:Overall though, it's a very nice hotel. And, a BIG plus; they don't allow smoking here, because they don't have a casino!!  That is pretty huge. All other hotels feature casinos, and this one is adjacent to the Bellagio's casino so it's still closeby if you want to gamble. Their sister hotel, Aria, also has a bunch of other restaurants pretty close, across a giant valet circle drive, about a 5 minute walk away, but has a casino too. And Cosmopolitan hotel / casino is about a 6-7 minute walk away, going outside, down stairs or there's an elevator, and walking across its giant circular valet drive, but crossing some treacherous lanes of traffic also -- not friendly to do, but not really far, per se.Overall though, I liked the hotel very much. I'd stay there again. Trying to give an idea of its location conveniences. I don't know Vegas very well, so hopefully this is useful.
5	I decided after my finals this semester to do a staycation on the Strip because I've never stayed at a hotel on the Strip before. I chose Vdara because the price was relatively cheap compared to the other hotels and had what I wanted which was a large tub for me to soak in. Vdara is also smoke-free and without a casino, though Aria is in walking distance if you want either option. There is also free wifi for guests (included in resort fees). You just have to put in your last name and room number. It worked great when I was streaming Netflix.I had to look up how to get to Vdara because I had never been there before and the map and directions were on the website. Turn left on Harmon if you're coming in from the south then follow the signs to the hotel. It can get a little confusing, but I managed. Vdara only has valet parking, but it's complimentary and that's what I did with my car. From the valet to the front desk, everyone was very friendly and enthusiastic. The person at the front desk was efficient checking me in and asked if I wanted a room on a low floor or high floor. I wanted high for the view and got a room on the 50th floor.The room itself was huge and had a mini fridge as well as a kitchenette if I wanted to cook (I didn't, but always good to have). The window shades are controlled by a remote that is on the wall between the kitchen and the bedroom. The view? Amazing. My room was located where I could see the south end of the Strip.I had always wanted to order room service and decided this was the time to do it. I ordered Organic Airline Chicken and two sides: Mushroom and Herb Risotto and Sauteed Spinach. It took about half an hour to arrive and when it did, the person who brought it was friendly. She came into the room and placed my food on the table in the kitchen along with a flower vase. At first glance, I thought "Oh no, the chicken is smaller than the sides it came with!" However, I couldn't even finish my meal and had to save it for the next day. Both the spinach and risotto were delicious, no complaints, but the chicken, while crispy and yummy, was just a tad on the side of salty. Still good though.Bonus: As a Vdara guest, I was offered a 40% discount to watch the cirque de soleil show Ka. I've been wanting to watch a cirque de soleil show since forever because I've never been to one before, but I especially wanted to watch Ka. You bet your butt that I jumped on this deal and I was not disappointed.I loved everything about my room and this hotel, from the large tub to the people working here. There were two minor things that I didn't like, but didn't really detract from my experience. One was that, because I had a room on the higher floors, I had to take those super fast elevators that my ears did not appreciate whatsoever. Also on my second day, I had gone out to eat breakfast and lunch, but housekeeping never showed up in my room. That was fine. However, when I went to watch Ka at MGM Grand late in the afternoon and came back, I was disoriented because I couldn't turn on the lights (housekeeping had turned off the lights using the master switch which I didn't use) and everything was cleaned up. Including my makeup on the bathroom counter which got organized. I honestly didn't expect housekeeping to show up so late in the day and it wasn't a nice surprise because I wasn't expecting it.If I ever decide to do another staycation, Vdara is definitely a hotel reservation option. Love this place!
4	The hotel was really and the staff was friendly. However, I was not impressed with our first day service. When we pulled up, the valet area was filled with cars. we didn't even know where we should park our car. When the valet attendant pulled up, he was able to help us. The next day, I found out that the hotel did not have a casino. WTF? What hotel in Las Vegas does not have a casino? This kind of threw of my stay just a little. But being Aria Hotel just a walk by, I did not let it bother me much. The rooms were beautiful. I like the separate kitchen, living room space and bedroom. I really like the bathtub. Overall, this was a fun experience.
4	This is really a 3.5 but I rounded up because the staff is so friendly. Its hard to stay in a penthouse suite at the bellagio and then staying at any other penthouse suite and not let that influence my review. We stayed in the penthouse suite, it was about half the size of the bellagio's. Yes, I realize that the Vdara is about half the price of the Bellagio, but I digress. The hotel is new and clean. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. The room is clean and modern. I love the fact that they have a full sized refrigerator for booze and left overs. The bed is relatively comfortable, the windows are really dirty. Overall, its really good for the price. If you are looking for a luxury hotel, stick with Bellagio or Wynn. I probably wouldn't stay again.
4	Awesome full suite rooms. It's worth paying for the lake view so you get a view of the Bellagio fountain. If you're going to use the kitchen make sure to request dishes and silverware and a coffee pot ahead of time. If you are going to use the pullout couch you also need to request bedding ahead of time. They are slow in fulfilling these requests once you check in. Also there is only valet parking, no self park. Normally it was alright but during checkout hours around 11 you might wait an hour to get your car. You can call down to the front desk and ask for late check out so you don't have to wait for your car for that long and they'll comply. All in all it was a nice stay.
1	Vdara is a gorgeous hotel and in all honesty, I loved our room, but two things really turned me off to it...so much that I don't think I'll be coming back. #1 Housekeeping never showed during our three day stay despite having had pressed the house keeping button. We paid the ridiculous resort fees for what now? No service and no clean anything. The front desk was busy when we called btw, so we didn't get through to complain. #2 The lack of self park services is just plain stupid. I kept my head screwed on straight through the first two 20 minute waits for valet to retrieve our car, but after checkout, we had to wait a whopping 45 minutes in the cold with our luggage. THAT IT RIDICULOUS. How does management see this on a daily basis and not address it? Either hire more valet guys or enable guests to park their cars. What a waste of our vacation time.
4	Loving this high class hotel! This is probably one of my favorite places to stay, and I think the Vdara has some of the most breathtaking views out of all the hotels in Vegas.  Our group of friends recently stayed in a suite, which had a queen size bed and pull out couch. We had awesome kitchen accommodations, including a water filter inside the refrigerator. Other basic kitchen amenities included microwave, stove, sink, refrigerator, freezer, and plenty of storage space for drinks and snacks. The major downside was the bathroom, which is a central part to getting ready for a night in Vegas. The features inside the bathroom were awesome, though. We had two sinks, a bathtub, standing shower, toilet, aaaaand a separate full mirror with plenty of counterspace for doing makeup, hair, and whatever else people do in front of a mirror. However, all of this is enclosed behind two doors, so technically, only one person can be in the bathroom at once if they are using the toilet, tub, or shower... unless your group members are super comfortable with each other. Plus, our sliding door was broken, so that was awkward.The bedroom has a plasma TV, which was useful for watching movies in the morning or bumping music at night. The hallways and walking spaces are a bit cramped in the suite, but if you don't have too many people moving around, it's not too big of a problem. Room service is good, and they are quick to bring us any additional amenities upon request. Overall I'm looking forward to staying at the Vdara again, and I would recommend it for other parties visiting Vegas!
1	Where do I start - at the end I guess - a huge disappointment every day new issues all of which are not acceptable.We called in the day before our arrival to ask for connecting rooms, the lady on the phone said she will note it but we should plan on checking in early...and so we did, we checked in at noon time - the lady in the front desk said the rooms need to be cleaned but that should not take long and they will call and let us know when they are ready - she even gave us the key cards...we waited 90 min's and made the 1st call to check in on the status - a different lady said it will actually take 2-3 more hours, (just a reminder the official check in time is 3 PM). she promised they will cal us when the rooms will be ready...so we waited again and at 5 PM we called and asked and the answer was - one room is almost ready and they are working on the 2nd one. So we waited and called again, (no one called us as they promised few times), by 7PM we just went in and got into our rooms as the call never came The rooms were just in really bad condition, everything was dusty and not cleaned - even though we waited all this time for them to be cleaned up and ready...i have the pictures...was really tough getting to sleep thinking about the germs surrounding us.On the 3rd day we left the hotel in the morning and when we came back to our room we realized the room door was left open by the cleaning team for hours...there goes personal security and privacyNot sure we are coming back...not with this level of service The Front Desk managers did try and make things better and showed understanding to our frustration but nonetheless it isn't fun complaining all the time
5	For this seasoned traveller - this place is the bomb!  What I love: no casino, large rooms, kitchen, suite service, lobby bar (crafted cocktails), Starbucks in lobby, Marketplace, no smoking, connected to everything awesome - Crystals shopping, Bellagio, Aria, Transportation, Concierge great!, and so on . . . 3 x's this year alone!  Can't wait for my next Vegas stay here.
3	We stayed in a panoramic suite for 5 days. The suite is upscale,  new and nice with the washer and dryer combo. The housekeeping service was very, very poor. We had to request plates, utensils,  towels, shampoos, every time. It was not automatic that they should replenish these items every day. I had to call them every single day. It was really inconvenient.  Each time you called, you will wait for 30 to 45 minutes. So for the shampoo or towel or even the bathrobe that they forgot to replenish, you call and wait. It was the worst housekeeping service I have experienced.
5	Unlike my stay in Aria perviously, I had a very pleasant stay in Vdara. This is a low profile hotel since there is no casino and many bars and restaurants but in exchange, it had very nice rooms. I had a view of the Bellagio's fountains too. On top of that, reasonably priced. There is not self parking but Valet is complimentary.
5	Since I travel a ton, giving a 5 star rating is bit of a big deal for me.  Vdara did not fail on any level and far exceeded expectations.  I was here for one night on Christmas with my parents we had a great experience from beginning to end.The rooms are beyond spacious (see my posted pictures).  We had a king bed + sofa bed.  The views were spectacular of the Strip.  The bathroom was enormous and the kitchenette upon walk in was also spacious enough for a short stay.  All amenities were ultra modern.  Housekeeping came up within 15 minutes of the request that was made for shower caps (FYI, they don't have these in the bathroom so you have to request it). I asked for complimentary water and she came back with 5 of them instead of just one...nice touch.Valet was a bit busy but I am blaming it on the holiday and it took about 15-20 minutes to retrieve our car.  Overall, a super clean, on-point service with modern touches type of hotel.  Exactly what I expect from each hotel experience but rarely get consistently. Bravo Vdara! I will definitely recommend away...
5	Absolutely stunning hotel! Beautiful lobby and bar. Valet staff quick and courteous. Front desk amazingly helpful. Our two bedroom suite was breathtaking! Very spacious with modern furniture. Quick walk to either Aria or Cosmopolitan if you want to gamble or convenient tram to bellagio. I actually left behind an item and contacted customer service/concierge who quickly located it and proceeded to immediately send it to me despite the busy holiday season. Look forward to staying there again soon!
2	We booked at Corner Suite for our three night stay over Christmas. We arrived in our room and the room was not very clean. It was very dusty and everything was smudged. It seemed that housekeeping did not finish cleaning. (They did come later to touch it up). We booked Vdara mainly because of the location and the kitchen in room. Kitchen supplies are available only upon request and we had to request kitchen items 5 times in order for them to actually be brought up!Our unit also had a washer and dryer which we were excited about, but the dryer took 3+ hours to get our clothes mostly dry. Engineering came to look at it but whatever they did did not help much. The in room internet was a joke. It was incredibly slow or not working the entire stay. It was unusable even for basic internet use. I spoke to a manager about all our problems and she waived the resort fee (because of the internet) and gave us a room credit. These things helped make us feel better, but I doubt we will go back. There are a lot of much nicer places for not much more. We stayed at Aria on the same trip and had a wonderful experience.We used the spa facilities while we were there. It was quite nice and relaxing.The bar in the lobby is a nice place to hang out and the drinks are good.The Market in the lobby is a nice place to get a salad or sandwich to go. The Chinese Chicken Salad is one of the best I have ever had.
5	This place is fit for a Queen! They have complimentary valet & wonderful customer service.  The grounds are impeccable, its really close to the crystal shops and the Aria and Cosmopolitan hotels.  They are all apart of the same chain so if you eat in Aria you can charge it to room at the vdara. The room is just DOPE. It is set up like a little apartment, two flat screen tvs a little mini cook top, dining area, two refrigerators, one with drinks etc and one empty one to put your own drinks in. We stayed here on New Year's Eve weekend and had a blast. It is located close to everything you need on The strip. stay and enjoy!
5	We're not big Vegas fans, but my husband's best friend got married in Vegas. So we were excited for the wedding but were kind of dreading going to Vegas. But a friend recommended Vdara, so we booked a Panoramic Suite. We couldn't have been happier! There was no loud music, casino, or smoking. It was a short walk to the Bellagio and Caesar's. The staff was very nice and the room itself was spectacular! We'll never stay any place different if we visit Vegas again! I think my favorite part was that once we walked in the lobby, it didn't feel like we were in Vegas any more, which is a huge plus for us. It is a bit pricey, but you definitely get what you pay for.  Well worth the extra cost.
4	Great mid-Strip hotel so convenient to walk to most things up and down the Strip. Large comfortable rooms -- this is an all-suites hotel so every room has a small kitchen, sitting area and bedroom area. Great bathroom with a nice soaking tub. We requested a room with a view of the Bellagio fountain which they were able to accommodate, partially anyway. Hotel staff at the front desk, market cafe, bellmen, valet, housekeeping were all very friendly and helpful.The only thing which was subpar was the bed. The mattress was was clearly in need of replacement. I thought maybe it was just our room but our friends said the same thing about their bed.This is a nonsmoking, noncasino property but a few minutes away are Aria, Cosmopolitan and Bellagio if you're in the gaming mood. As for nearby restaurants we ate at Todd English PUB, China Poblano and Estiatorio Milos which were all superb. PUB has a happy hour from 3-6pm which is worth checking out.Look forward to going back!
4	Stayed in the Vdara hotel for about a week during Christmas time. Got a room on the 37th floor; beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains and pretty much all of Vegas! I love how they had a tub and a shower in the bathroom and their beds were so soft and comfy to relax in. The service was great as well, house keeping was thorough and when there were some technical difficulties with the TV audio, a technician was promptly sent to fix the problem in a jiffy. Resort fee includes pretty fast internet as well, woohoo! It's really refreshing how there are no casinos inside the hotel. There were a couple of cons though...Beware the hotel food/Market Cafe - we ordered food here a couple of times, and every time we finished a meal, my boyfriend and I would feel sick. We also ordered a chicken noodle soup to go from the Market Cafe - it took thirty minutes just to receive and on top of that, the soup was extremely old and smelled funky. We asked for a refund immediately which we received.After two days of that nonsense, we learned our lesson and ate somewhere else. A Starbucks is conveniently located right next to the Market Cafe; it's privately owned though so they won't accept any regular Starbucks giftcards and the prices are incredibly inflated compared to LA. I also noticed that after a couple of days of staying at the hotel, I was breaking out in little bug bites. We complained to the front desk about the probable mites in the bed and they took our resort fee off. Other than that, it was great. :)
4	Sum of our experience :  We'll DEFINATELY be back.The rooms are quiet.  Beds are cozy.  Kitchenette (not that we used the hotplate!  Lol...  who cooks on vacation?!).  Huge space.   Great views.  Quiet....  :)   oh...  and totally non-smoking which is AWESOME! Staff are all really great team members.   I would give them a 5 out of 5........SO FAR.   Depending on how they resolve the matter of my 3 missing pair of socks and underwear I sent to the laundry... I may adjust this.  Need to call them on Monday.UPDATE:  Just checked my voicemail and they comped me more than enough to pay for the missing items.    Now I have to go back as the items were all originally purchased in Vegas.    Thank you Vdara for not making me have to fight with you on this.   I appreciate your proactivity.The only things that I could complain about was the weak weak weak shower water pressure.  Pet peve.  Gimme full blast, man.  I can take it.   I might bring a wrench next time and FIX the flow. Overall 5 out of 5 minus 1 for the shower pressure.
5	Located near the City Center. Like the other hotels, the front desk was nestled far from the strip. No casino attached to this hotel. A mlife associated hotel. This was one of the best hotel experiences for me in Las Vegas to date. The stay was three nights. Hotel bell staff was helpful and prompt to assist with bags. Hotel staff was friendly, efficient and well articulated. We couldn't check in too early but was able to check in before check in time. We left our luggage with the bell desk and came back at the time as promised.Checkin process was fairly quick. Bell staff was incredibly helpful to get us a few other things. We didn't request for our room to get serviced while staying (being green). Room was clean, modern, and spacious. A little kitchenette with a mini bar and an empty mini ridge was provided. Lots of storage drawers and a large closest. Bathroom was large and had a separate bathtub and shower. Both large. Long bathroom counter. Nice double electric curtains to allow a good blackout shade or full view out the window. Soaps and shampoos offered were better than most hotels offer. Elevators to rooms were quick. Bathroom and overall make up of the hotel was sleek and inviting. Hotel security was diligent to insure only hotel guests went to the room. The gym was nicer than most that I have seen in Las Vegas. Equipment was well kept and current. Pool is not open year round but I have read some concerns about.Concierge desk was open. Helpful mostly. Just a little slow.Good: friendly staff, mostly quick check in and check out, very quiet, and helpful bell staff.Bad: nothing much more I can.Five star experience. I would visit again.
5	New Year's was our second time staying in Vdara. First time we were in awe at how wonderful the hotel was and couldn't wait to book there again. We felt like total ballers because we got the penthouse and that got us the free limo ride to and from the hotel. Movie' on up indeed!  The room was lovely and we had a view of the Bellagio fountains as well. The best part of the hotel is no smoking and no casino. When we come back to the room, we would like to rest. We used to book at the Bellagio all the time, but now we book at Vdara since everything is so close and coming back  to a quiet non smoking room is way better.
4	Love, love, loved it! Now every other hotel I stay in has to live up to this experience. The fiance and I were there for an entire week and it seriously felt like home.Customer Service: Really quick. We got everything we requested within one or two hours, no matter what time of the day it was. Everyone was nice and friendly.The Room: Comfortable. Clean. Modern. I would totally like to steal their interior decorator. It's a shame the vanity is a single but that counter space is to die for. I didn't understand the bedding. It was a sheet that covered the comforter and then the flat sheet? The sheets were scratchier than expected for the amount of stars.The Amenities: We only hit the gym, which wasn't 24 hours (bummer). Do they think people don't work out at night? Limited hours but we made it work. Gets a little crowded but outfitted with TVs, water bottles, towels, and magazines.
4	Not that it is a big deal, but in order to get to the hotel, you have to take an elevator up to the 15th floor. Then get on a separate elevator to get to your room. It takes a while cause the elevators are from the 70's along with decor in the building but the overall appears of the hotel is fine. If you get a corner room, on a clear day offers some pretty breath taking views. Nice and close to the loop and gold coast and a number of restaurants, bars, plays, etc. within walking distance. Nice pool on the 16th floor. The staff are very outgoing and friendly.
3	Decent hotel in the midst of the Strip.  Pluses:  Nice rooms with kitchenettes, good mattresses, washer/dryer, flat screen TV.  Also, the health club was nice and the lobby area, although small, was comfortable.  Valet parking worked very efficiently.  The wifi was okay - but not great.  Finally, the staff were all very pleasant and helpful.  Minuses:  Hardest place to get to (via foot or car) in City Center.  Seriously, who designed the entrances and exits to this place?  There's no easy way to walk or drive into and out of this hotel.  The kitchenette is cool but why not stock it with basic kitchen stuff like pots, pans, bowls, silverware?  Instead, you have to call housekeeping to bring it up for you.  Then, after you've used it they take it away and don't replace it.  So, you have to keep calling and requesting stuff.  Annoying.  Also, I am not sure if it's because of the kitchenettes or the fact that there is no casino, but this place seems to attract a kid-heavy crowd.  Not to get too snobby, but it was a bit like the Beverly Hillbillies were there when dealing with the elevators and lobby.  We needed to change rooms too because our first room was on a low floor that was just above the monorail station.  Having paid for a "corner city view" room, we felt a bit cheated.  The good news is that the staff was very gracious in working to move us to a better room later in our stay.  I doubt we'll be back at Vdara any time soon.  There are just too many other good options in Vegas - even within City Center.
5	My wife and I stayed at the beautiful Vdara on the New Year's Eve holiday. What an outstanding experience. Room was beautiful, the service was great and we enjoyed our stay a great deal. Ideal location right in the heart of the strip.Only thing that was a little tough was figuring our the parking. There was no self-parking option that we could see but only found out we had to use the valet after a couple trips around looking for the self-parking entrance.The valet was extremely quick and easy once we figured it out.
5	Stayed here over the new years. Amazing experience. Having being so tired after NYE party, we came around 730am asking if they could accommodate early check-in. The receptionist, Brittany, was very friendly and helpful and accomodated that! Awesome! Great way to start the new year! I love the hotel because of its ambiance. It's not loud/noisy/full of smoke in the lobby as there's no casino. And if you want to gamble, you can simply walk across the roundabout to aria to walk through the walkway to bellagio. And as there's no casino, there's no self-garage parking. Valet is free and it's fast! Had an amazing time staying here! Great view from the rooms as well! Would totally stay here again next time!The only suggestion is that I had to wait quite a while for housekeepers to come up if I needed something. It isn't a big deal and I really enjoyed my stay here. Did I mention each suite comes with kitchen, sofa bed, separate bath tub/shower? Really nice hotel!
