5	We had a taste for some good New York style pizza and heard a Grimaldi's opened recently out east of us at the furthest reaches of the realm...San Tan Village in Gilbert.  I knew from Yelp reviews of other Grimaldi's that we needed to check them out for ourselves as they are reputed to be the real deal.We started with a small mediterranean salad ($7) and a Leinenkugel Sunset Wheat.  I was pleasantly surprised at the size of the small salad.  It was more than enough for the 3 of us to share.  It had fresh, crisp greens and a good amount of yummy feta, olives, red onion slices and ripe tomatoes.  The sunset wheat ale was tasty but wouldn't be my first choice.  For my taste it was too fruity with a hint of clover or something.And then the pizza arrived.  Magnifico!  A thin yet supportive and crunchy crust with a nice tomato sauce and delicious slices of mozzarella!  We each devoured 2 slices, saving room for dessert.  For dessert we shared a cannoli.  We asked before ordering the cannoli if it was made with custard or was it made the right way.  The proper response?  "The right way."  Yummy and rich enough that you have to share.The service from our server Kyle was outstanding and one of the managers, Darren also made sure we were receiving excellent treatment.  All in all, an excellent experience and we'll be back.They take reservations for parties of 5 or more if you call before 4.
2	My wife and I have been here twice and both times they used the excuse that they have to stoke the ovens and the pizza would take some time. However, our first visit we got our pizza within 15 minutes and the pizza was just ok, being from the NYC area and working in Chicago, I've had better. On our second visit, our pizza took over 45 minutes to get to us. While other customers arrived after us and left before us. It was terrible service. Another reason I do not like this place is that all they have is pizza and it's not cheap, either.
3	Grimaldi's as a whole is 5 STARS but this location is a 3. We waited forever for this location to open, when It finally did we were excited to go.  We went on a weeknight and didn't have to wait long but were taken to a dark corner over by the bar. Our waiter didn't talk to us for like 10 minutes and the people at the bar were S faced and grabbing people.  This place is cramped. The design is terrible. Its a U shaped layout with the kitchen in the middle. Even though this new location is like 2 minutes from my house we will make the trek to the Alma School/Queen Creek location. And I recommend the same.
4	Don't expect to be in and out quickly... takes a bit to cook the pie but it's pretty good.Sat at the bar to eat with the girl because it was too busy to wait for a table so maybe our service was different but the girl was very nice and on top of things.Being a Chicago kid... the pizza was good, better than most in Az but not better all.  Forgot what the cost was but wasn't that cheap.
4	After reading the reviews for this restaurant, I was a bit skeptical to try this location. Additionally, I had never been to a Grimaldi's. So, going into this dining experience, I had already set the bar rather high for the food and the bar rather low for the service. I was excited when we didn't have to wait for a table. We were a party of two and they sat us right in front of the kitchen. We had a great view of everything in the restaurant and were not crowded or cramped one bit. The surrounding and ambiance is pretty corporate. It kind of looks like a few notches above NYPD Pizza. Red checkered tablecloths (although not vinyl), white linen napkins, subway signs etc. The service was great - we were greeted within 2 minutes and we had a thorough explanation of the menu (which is limited to pizza, salad, and desserts). We ordered a medium (or whatever is between large and personal) pizza with Italian sausage and sweet roasted red bell peppers, a small house salad to split, a beer for him and a syrah for me...(the wine list is a little corporate - but there are some god finds for the $$) Our server was very cognizant of taking our plates when were finished with the salad (and even knew NOT to take away his plate until i was finished) and when our pizza came out (perfectly timed after salad) the runner served our first pieces (and asked to do so) The manager, Deron, stopped by to make sure everything was going great - and you could tell was genuinely concerned about how our meal was going thus far. Our server offered us dessert - didn't push out when she noticed we hadn't finished our drinks - and then was paid and went home (Canoli in hand) The food was GREAT. The pizza was perfect (to my tastes - I'm NOT a Chicago pizza fan), the salad wasn't drenched in dressing and the dressing that was accompanying the perfectly torn lettuce was the perfect mixture of oil and vinegar. Let me tell you this seems to be a huge problem in Phoenix - Phoenix restaurants seem to have a huge issue with understanding ratios of vinegar to oil. At any rate, the canoli was excellent - and although I've had much different presentations, this was one was awesome. I love Friday night dinner/date night. It's the perfect ending to a tough week (which i just had) and I hate when it's spoiled with bad service and bad food. I would and will definitely return to Grimaldi's on a Friday night.
3	Went on a busy Friday night, and opted to sit at the bar instead of waiting 15 minutes for a table. The bartender was more than friendly and quick to take our order. The best part of the pizza was the brick-oven char on the bottom of the crust- mmmmmmm. The menu was limited (pretty much just salads, pizza, and dessert), but that's all you really need at a pizza joint, right? The atmosphere was nice- looks like they were going for a more upscale atmosphere with the white linen napkins and small dining area. It all works together well and I enjoyed my dining experience, but not sure I loved it enough to head back here over my other favorite pizza places.
5	For me, by far the best pizza in town.  I didn't say the best pizza anywhere (I'm from NY so I know there are great places there), but for east valley Arizona grub, this is really, really good.Arizonans don't like burnt food so I've heard Grimaldi's has had to dial back charring the crust like a traditional brick oven pizza would be cooked, but regardless the pizza is dynamite.Don't expect to be quick though as Chuck R points out.  Nothing is premade so they are making your pizza, AND EVERYONE ELSES, from scratch.  Good food takes time.I've never had a service problem ever even when busy.  I take my kids often and they love it as well (and the dough they get to play with while waiting).  If your kids don't like sitting around...consider a to-go order then...they'll be waiting once you order.Get the caprese salad for an appetizer and don't forget about the cannoli desert...yum.
5	Wow amazing pizza! I was born and raised in California but my dad was from New York, so growing up I got the chance to taste some of the best pizza in New York. Let me tell you this place rocks, Make sure to get there Ceaser Salad I always get the bigger one and take it home the next day for some left overs for my Wife and I. All there pizzas are amazing have not been dissapointed yet. Last month there special was there BBQ pizza which was to DIE FOR!!! I am a huge pizza guy and let met tell you there pizzas are amazing and very resonable. The wait on Friday and Saturdays is not always the best, so try to plan to get there early. Just to warn you they dont serve ranch , at first I was a little upset but there pizzas are so good after a few bites you dont remember why you needed ranch for your Pizza. The pizzza come right out of the oven and are steaming at your table. They only use fresh ingredients and you can taste that in the quality of there Pizza. Make sure to save room for there Canoli, The only one I have had as good if not better is on Arthur Ave in the Bronx. So if you dont want to travel to NY then travel down to the San Tan Village in Gilbert for Arizonas best pizza!
3	I'm not a New Yorker, i have never had NYC style pizza.  I have a Brooklyn born Doctor friend who tells me that there isn't such a thing as New York style Pizza, it's just the ONLY Pizza....so New Yorkers don't hate because i'm ignorant on true NY pizza.  Started the night with Antipasto...waitress reminded me that it doesn't come with lettuce....funniest thing ever heard, but then again not many people grow up in an area with such a large italian population like Chicago.  Alright the pizza was good, the dough was tastey (would order a little extra done to get it like some of the Naples pizza i've had) perfect salt and consistancy.  Sauce...what sauce, it was lost in the bake, so i would order x-tra sauce.  We ordered a 16" Roasted Red Pepper and Onion...again sauce was absent, peppers were really good quality and onions were nice a carmelized from the heat, mozzarella was perfect amount and quality....HOWEVER, it missed something, asked for a 50 cent cup of chopped basil and added it on with some olive oil and parmigiano and voila!  it took an okay pizza and made it FANTASTIC.  I grew up on pizza from Chicago, i'm talking thin crust party pizza not deep dish (since most people assume Chicago = DD, and i'm not a huge fan of DD) and had pizza from Ragusa to Milano in italy and I make my own pizzas form scratch.  This pizza was good, worth going and will do it again....am i blown away?  Not terribly...did like that the ingredients were as fresh as possible...Basil i ordered tasted like i picked it from my garden. So i give it a 3.5 because it won't ever leave me with ever having a craving for it....just if i'm in the neighborhood and feel like pizza i'll stop in, but i won't jump in my car during a monsoon to go get some.
3	This place wasn't even going to get a rating.It was busy on a Fri night around 7pm but the outside area had many a single table occupied with loads to spare.Quoted a 45 min wait.  Stood around a minute outside while thinking of another place to go when the , possibly on-duty manager, outside asked what was up , let her know and they said  to give them 10 mins to get the outside ready  which was much more agreeable. Things improved greatly after this. Better pizza than average, same story with the salad and decent servings on the wine. Much better with children than expected.  Food is maybe 3 to 3.5* but the service made it feel like a 4* for the type of restaurant.  While unimaginative on the mushrooms, it's a source of amusement to see the care and attention that goes into making the base pie and then failing at the fungus stage ,with default 'shrooms was a wee bit sad. Not a great selection of beer, a bit better on the wine front but not by much. Restrooms. You are kidding ? Yep there's 1 in the guys, 1 for the girls, and  not a lot of room to wait in. It's not the most toddler friendly set up.
4	There is no dearth of quality pizza in Phoenix.  You would have thought we bordered the Bronx or Naples instead of old Mexico.  Between Bianco, LGO, Pino's, Slice of Sicily, Nello's, and Cassanova Brothers we have enough tasty and distinctive pies for every day of the week.I was a little hesitant to try Grimaldi's at first.  The location, after all, is essentially an outdoor mall laden with chains and conformity.  But hunger and a desire to try a place that claimed to offer the best coal fired pizza this side of NY got me in the door.  The pizza is lighter and smoky, unburdened by excess ingredients and heavy grease.  The best pizzas succeed in their simplicity and Grimaldi's is no exception.  You can taste the quality in the mozzarella and the sauce is a quiet and sweet companion that really ties everything together.The place has now earned a spot in my East Valley pizza rotation.  A great pizza that has flavor and won't give you a coronary.
3	The pizza was pretty good, but I don't think I would name it the best. I went this evening (Friday night) and arrived slightly before the main dinner crowd. Quick seating and good service. We had the small house salad, and it was good. Really, I don't like ordering or eating salad. Not my favorite thing. I always hear Pee Wee Herman in my head saying "MMMM Salady". But it was good as far as salads go. We ordered the large pizza with mushroom and pepperoni. It's a thin crust pizza and was good for thin crust. Good tomato, basil and other herbs. The pizza itself was about $15. I thought the ingredients were maybe a touch pricey. Basically $2 per ingredient unless you ordered artichoke, red peppers or sun tried tomatoes - those were $4. The price could rise quickly depending on the toppings. The flavor was good and I did put down 2 pieces, but the bottom was a bit too well done for me. The black bottom changed the overall flavor, but still good. I did enjoy the decor and small subway signs around the bar.Comfortable atmosphere, good service and good pizza. I will be back.
3	Good pizza, but not worth the price.  Also, they do not have a kids menu, so if you want to order a pizza for your kid, you gotta pay full price for a small one that he will only eat a slice of.  If you have kids, then you know they are NOT going to want the kind of pizza you do, so don't give me that just share crap.All in all an ok experience, and the pizza was decent, not as good as The Deli in Queen Creek (see my review for it) The service was great, but my only complaint is price and the kids menu thing.Just 3 of us, pizza and salads was over 50 bucks .... FOR 3 people - one of which was a KID.......I probably won't go back because there are more kid friendly places with better and cheaper pizza.
4	Grimaldi's is a popular pizza place in NY and I like how they've carried the NY theme throughout the restaurant, even with subway signs in the bathroom.  I've been here bunches of times but apparently never during a rush because I've never had to wait for a table.Pizza, salad, dessert - that's it.  I've never had enough room for dessert, even though I go in there with every intention of trying the cheesecake.  I just get too full on the salad and pizza.A "small" salad is big enough for at least 2 people.  You could probably stretch it to 4 people if you all want just a taste of salad before your pizza.  The dressing is a little heavy, and while I don't eat salad that way at home, I do enjoy it as a bit of a treat when I go out.The pizza is wood fired, thin-crust New York style.  It comes out looking more like a piece of modern art than pizza.  There's a bit of sauce here, some cheese there, other toppings over there.  The mozzarella is fresh and I've enjoyed each of the meat toppings at one point or another.  The crust is thin and crispy, but definitely not thick enough to pick up and eat, so I eat this pizza with a fork and knife.Good food, good atmosphere, and late hours - this location is open until 11 p.m. every night.
4	I like this location better than the one in Old Town, which is the only other location I've been to. It's a pretty small restaurant, but they also have a small private room in the back for gatherings. The ingredients all taste fresh and if you sit at a high top in the bar area you can watch them make the pizza. I love watching the prep! We  actually forgot our leftovers after our last visit and one of the waiters came out to give them to us. So nice!If you're lucky you may find parallel parking spot right out front, but there's also more parking in a big lot just to the west of the restaurant. And the best part is you can walk off your meal by strolling around the shops.
4	This pizza is definitely better than your regular takeout or delivery (domino's, pizza-hut, the works). I ordered the: - artichoke, tomato & basil pizza: really fresh, huge artichoke pieces and nice overall flavor. Does not taste that well when its reheated because you need to eat the veggies fresh, but definitely awesome right off the oven. - sausage, peperoni and cheese pizza: super meaty, super flavorful and just as awesome when you reheated 2 days later. the pieces of mozzarella are whole (large thick slices) and fresh, not the shredded crap that you get elsewhere. full of pieces of sausage and peperoni, FRIGGING GOOD. - the antipasto (fresh mozzarella, salami, olives, peppers, fresh basil and bread): the kalamata olives were really nice, the basil leaves were fresh and the peppers were cooked and had a garlicky taste. the huge slabs of mozzarella were fresh and went well when you added some extra virgin olive oil to it. - canolis: BEST CANOLIS EVER. Super creamy, super crunchy, this dessert made me giggle with happiness. - tiramisu: it was tasty (not the best, but definitely good). the cake part was moist and the cream was good but it lacked the liquor taste to it at the end. Overall, good food and a great alternative to regular pizza. The pizzas here are never greasy, your hands (or the cardboard) never end up "oily-shiny" and it actually feels like its good for you. weird.
3	We drove 38 miles to meet our friends for dinner. They recommended this pizza restaurant. We ordered the House Salad without red peppers and onions. And we each ordered a personal pizza. The idea behind the way you order pizza is pretty smart for the business but not for your wallet. I ordered the pizza with the red sauce, Italian sausage, mushrooms and anchovies. The large house salad had the oil and vinegar dressing. It was just the right amount for four people. The pizza was tasty, but for $16, I thought it was a bit pricey. We split the bill which came to $60 per couple. The wives had a glass of wine and us guys had lemonade, four personal pizzas, 1 coffee and their peanut butter cup cheesecake, But HEY...we enjoyed ourselves.
5	I am sooooooo not a mall person but being that I am married and I've got to do that 'compromise' thing sometimes, I found myself walking around San Tan Mall on a Saturday evening in January trying to find after holiday sale items, we were starving after our long adventure and the delicious pizza smell in the air lead us to Grimaldi's.  It was pretty packed but there was no wait, we sat down at a high top, my favorite of all table tops, and our extremely attentive waiter came over right away. We started off with their lettuce-less antipasto salad, it was super delicious with fresh mozzarella and delicious tomatoes, unfortunately even the large was pretty small and it was over too soon. When we told our waiter we were first timers he recommended their special italian beef pizza, he said it tasted like a philly cheesesteak on a pizza.  He asked if we like spice and since we do he recommended adding jalepeno. Heck yes this was an awesome recommendation, I had to take a little bit of the jalapenos off cause it was a little too spicy but my husband loved it exactly the way it was.  The waiter overheard me tell my husband that it was a little too spicy for me so he apologized and even discounted part of the bill, I wasn't even complaining at all, and would not have, their service was just that AMAZING! This was some of the best pizza we've ever had in Arizona and it made all that mall madness worth it. As soon as our yearly post-holiday diet goal is reached we are going here to celebrate!
3	Wow, I don't get it! Way over priced for just so-so burnt pizza while sitting on uncomfortable chairs, and people packed in like sardines, couldn't even hear yourself think.  The smell of the oven was nice though.
4	Tonight was great. I had a calzone, pepperoni and olive,  Coppola Zinfandel, the wife had a pizza with nice and hot jalapenos. The staff was nice, so much that we made comments to each other about the quality.
4	I loved the crispy crust of the pizza thought it was super good.  I think if you haven't been there and are at the San Tan Mall shopping that its worth a visit.  We went on a double date and it was a pretty good experience.  The only issue I had was that I thought they had a very small dining area, which was probably the reason for the 45min wait.  Also we went on a friday night and probably because of the small area it got very loud, which I know the management has no control over, but just an fyi of my experience.  I'd say if you haven't been and you love pizza its worth the visit.   I may try and stop in for lunch sometime but definitely not on a Friday night, it was just too busy.
5	I love eating here! The first time I ate here the manager introduced himself and was very kind in making sure everything was to our satisfiaction. I think his name was John but not sure...  Very social man. I have always received great service at this location in Gilbert. I also always bring my guests here to eat. The beer is always cold and the pizza is great. The only problem is on the weekends there is always a wait unless you find a spot at the bar. LOL  I have also eaten at the Chandler location and everyone there is really nice but the Scottsdale location people can be quite moody at times. The Scottsdale location is somewhat hit and miss with the employees. It almost seems like if it isn't there job title then they are almost unwilling to help you but like I said it's hit and miss.
4	I've always driven by or walked by this place in the san tan mall and there is always a wait outside so you know this place must be good. So we decided to try it last night, it was a half hour wait but I didn't expect any different so we ran to one of the stores near by.  Once we got seated,  I was with 2 others so we shared the large house salad. It was a yummy salad, and I am a salad lover. The dressing was good and I was a fan. We also got a large (its big) mozzarella pizza with basil and fresh tomato. It was soo good. Its the thin crust pizza, and the crust is crispy and good also. My favorite dessert ever are canolis which they have here so we had to get one to share and it was delicious. So if your looking for a good pizza place, go here!!
4	We have gone to two Grimaldi's locations.  This location is closer to where we live than the Old Town Scottsdale location and easier to access due to a better parking situation.We usually start with the small Antipasto (it helps keep the kids busy while we wait for our pizza).  My favorite part of the Antipasto is the red peppers, they are very flavorful and compliment the dish well.  We always order two pizzas, one small with cheese for the boys (there is no kids menu) and one large with half pepperoni, half garlic for my husband and I.  The quality of the pizza is always consistently great.  The garlic is not overpowering and is complimented well by the coal-fired flavor from the oven.  The pepperoni is very tasty and even a little on the spicy side.  The pizza is so fresh and delicious we have to persuade ourselves into saving some slices for the next day.  We love to have a cold slice for breakfast!The only issue we have had at this location is plates with food residue.  We asked our server for two clean plates and one of them was dirty as well. He returned with another clean one and we had no other issues.  We only had an issue with the plates one time, so I would not say it is a chronic problem.We always finish with a cannoli, they are too good to pass up!  They are filled with a rich cream with chocolate chips mixed in and sprinkled on top.  It is the perfect ending to a great meal!Overall we always have a good experience when we go to Grimaldi's.  We have never had to wait for a table at this location, which is great when dining out with children!  I always recommend Grimaldi's to my co-workers and friends who are looking for great pizza.  On our last visit I got a free one topping large pizza for my birthday after I signed up for their mailing list! Great perk for a fan of Grimaldi's!  I would recommend giving them a shot if you appreciate a great slice!
4	Delicious pizza! The pizza here is exactly how I like it, thin & crispy crust, with good quality ingredients! The salads are also very fresh and good and a small can feed 3-4 people easy! My hubby and I got a large pizza because it's only $2 more than the small and you get to take home leftovers :) The pizza is a bit on the pricey side, but you definitely get what you pay for here! I just wish there was more of a selection on the menu. This place literally has 2 things (pizzas and salads).
5	I didn't think I really liked pizza, but since I've done reviews of around 10 pizza places, apparently I do. This one (and its branches at other locations) is the best in the Valley; maybe the best one I've ever visited.Grimaldi's pizza is fresh, crispy, and melt-in-your-mouth delicious. The crusts are all thin, and the sauce is rich but not too sweet. I believe all the ingredients are home-made (I've been told that's true of the pepperoni and cheese too, but even if it's not, the quality is outstanding). They cook the pizzas in a wood oven, and they will get spots of char black on them, but even those are delicious.My favorite is the pepperoni. They add the sauce on top of the cheese, but it's not too wet -- you could lift a whole slice without it drooping. I've had and enjoyed the sausage, but here the pepperoni is king.Grimaldi's also has several salads, built in generous portions. Two adults can share a small salad and still have room for pizza. The Mediterranean salad is outstanding, with black olives, tomatoes, and feta in a creamy vinaigrette dressing. I also like the Caprese, but don't get it often since Brak would rather have something with lettuce and not so many tomatoes. The house salad is also good, but doesn't beat the other two.Plan for a wait at this location, unless you arrive at an odd hour. They can accommodate groups, but you'll have to call ahead. It's not uncommon for us to have to wait 30 or more minutes for a table for two even on a week night, but it's worth the wait, and there is plenty to walk around and see on the side streets.Parking is plentiful in the lot south of Dillards. The bathrooms are clean, there is outdoor seating if you want it, and overall Grimaldi's is a great experience.
4	Great pizza. Casual and laid back.
5	If you have read my other reviews, you know that I love Grimaldis and think its the best pizza anywhere outside of Totonnos in Brooklyn.  This Grimaldis was on par with all the others.  FLAT OUT AWESOME!We got 2 pizzas.  A white with pepperoni on it and a regular one with meatballs and roasted red peppers.  Both pizzas were awesome.  I did notice the red sauce here was a little tiny bit more bland than other Grimaldis,  but it didn't hurt the pizza at all.  They slice meatballs really thin and pile them on.  The roasted red peppers are out of this world.  The white pizza has so much flavor with all the olive oil, garlic and cheese they put on.  Fantastic pizzas!Our waiter was friendly and I give mad props to one of the bus boys that works there.  I forgot my hat and he came running out of the restaurant to give it to me.  Awesome service and awesome pizza=an easy 5 stars!
4	The pizza was excellent, and I don't think it was just because I was starving from moving into a new house all day. We got a large with pepperoni and artichokes. They use the fresh mozzarella which gives it a really great flavor and texture as opposed to the generic brick mozzarella. My only beef would be the $16 for the "base" cheese pizza and an extra $6 for toppings (artichokes being a whopping 4 bucks), which seems a little steep. I guess it was worth it though. The tomato sauce was on the sweet side, but I love that. We just got it take-out so I can't comment on the service or the ambience of the restaurant, it could stink for all I know.Great pizza though.
5	Grimaldis is currently my favorite pizza place. I don't think it gets better than this. I've been to 2 other locations (Chandler & Old Town) and this one at Santan Village for the first time last night.  They have all been consistently good. We shared a large pepperoni, mushrooms with extra cheese. Yum, I love the mini pepperonis they use. It's not too salty and makes a perfect combination with their crispy thin crust and fresh mozzerella. They don't overdue it with the sauce either. The whole pizza is well balanced out. Last night we were seated in a high top table that allowed us to see the pizzas being made. The guys behind the counters were carefully assembling each pizza. They layered the toppings out in a uniformed manner to ensure each bite would include all the toppings. No need to fight for the slice with the most scrumptious overload of toppings; they all came out the same to make choosing one easy :) Their menu is simple. Salads and pizza, that's it. All their salads are pretty good as well. They're usually lightly dressed which I like.Service was average. Nothing to complain nor rave about.
4	Ate at this location last night and the pizza was good as always.This location is larger and the tables spaced more apart than the Vegas location which was nice so at you aren't sitting on top of each other.  Drinks were refilled quickly, and the staff are on their toes here.  There was a mixup in our order, we had ordered a large cheese and a small white, but the kitchen reversed it.  Once they realized there mistake they promptly popped a large cheese in the oven while we ate the small and took all the leftovers to go.I would not get the white pizza again, while it was good, I miss the flavor the sauce provides, to me the white pizza was just cheesy gRlic flatbread
5	I love good food, this includes pizza, and I find that I'm a pizza/food agnostic/nazi. Chicago deep dish "pie" style, crispy new york style... theres something good in all of them. Rustic or high tech, I enjoy it all. I just cant stand thoughless preparation of meals, that would be the "Hard liner" in me.Not to worry, Grimaldi's delivers in every way that matters!From entering on a Sunday evening, everyone was honestly warm in their greeting, chatting about the day etc. From the tea which was perfect (Mine basic non-sweetened, and The Brides Passion fruit wonderfulness, both were simple, basic and perfect for the meal)Both of us were expecting leftovers, so we opted for a small salad each, knowing that the portions were huge, I just wanted a Greek style salad, while the Bride had zero desire for feta/olives etc so opted for a house salad. So two small *SNORT SMALL!* salads were brought to out table... sheesh! Not so much small as only a buffet on a plate! My Medeteranion salad was very good, I admit it was blander than I like, Lots of feta, (YAY) however I had asked for extra, and they sure delivered! Strangely enough, the feta was blander than I'm used to, which caught me by surprise. Still creamy and tart, very welcome indeed. Also, No onions on the salad? I'm sure it was an over site, next time I'll ask for extra onions, (a silly for onions!) Or a different salad, I tried The Brides house salad and the flavor's were a wonderful balance, the roasted peppers really added a lot of flavors.. smoky/sweet, just wonderfully clean and fresh.OnAnd then.. to the pizza.So pretty! It's so rare that you look at a "lowly" pizza and see the level of care that went into its construction.We opted for a classic first time benchmark. Pepperoni, sausage, onions with fresh garlic.I usually avoid garlic, but The Bride wanted it, and since it was fresh and not garlic powder, I was open to it. The garlic was quite good, however it wasn't really needed on the pie.The fresh basil, which tasted fresh from the garden, was lovely, and I would order more of that instead of garlic next time. (and possibly meatballs).The crust was this with a good chew. Mozzarella cheese was fresh and NOTHING like the shredded crap you can get at Costco etc. You can tell the placing of the toppings was done with care, evenly dispensed, but not uniform,  It was without a doubt the best sausage I've had in decades. And the pepperoni was flavorful, although the thick cut did make the texture a tad different, I'm told it was a slicer issue, and not the usual preparation method.   We had a great chat with our server about the restaurant and how it's been going over, also Jennifer who seems to be a manager came over and chatted for a bit, very nice, laid back and fun. If your in a hurry, and planning a eary dinner, late lunch, I recommend calling first, since the charcoal over requires cheaning once during the day, and it's unable to cook for around a hour or so, so you might want to avoid that period.Also, as a earlier Yelper commented they do not use gloves when making crust, as someone who was a cook in my youth I'm amazed, I mean, making a pizza with rubber gloves? Talk about overkill, and a pain in the rear! Your trusting them to touch your food in other ways, i don't see the issue. Also, the oven gets to 1000% so I'm not worried about anything nasty making it out of there, if anything, I don't want the flavor of melted plastic on my Za! (and I'm not such a germaphobe that I fear chefs touching my food, if I wanted a conveyor belt style meal.. no shortage of options around here.Pro: Great, classic New York pizza, epic portions, extraordinary pride taken in providing a premium product. with quick, efficient, good natured, prideful service. Passion fruit tea was the best I've ever had. And We were informed by Jennifer (a manager of some sort i gather) that you can order your pizza like a steak. rare, medium rare, medium, medium well, well done.... all giving different levels of crunch to the dough and toppings etc. Next time we are going to try playing with that aspect... perhaps some extra cheese and go medium or medium well? Get a tad more of the charcoal crustiness to it. Con: Limited menu, I know, that a place like this would make a killer meatball & Spagetti, or sandwich! I appreciate the total focus on making the perfect pie... but when the farthest afield they go is a Calzone .. well they are almost rainman level focused! (take it  thats a complement, I'm just greedy, I admit it.The meditiranian salad was blander than expected. They use the same dressing for this salad as for the house salad. Yes, feta helps, but some peperoncini and Greek dressing, would be nice. Next time, I'll either try the Cesare or antipasto, or skip that course. (And a little bread, just pizza dough with s with the salad would be nice).Gimmick or not, the water tastes great! Almost worth not getting a drink and enjoying the delicious aqua!
5	Oh, so delicious! Quality and service just like the one in Tucson.  What else can I say?  This time around I had the pesto with grilled chicken, and the dot had cheese pizza no sauce.  There really is not much to say that hasn't been said. AWESOME
2	I seriously don't see what pizza all these great reviews were eating. Very bland pizza and nothing like the Grimaldis in NY!
5	my fav pizza anywhere, great crust, sauce, cheese, etc
3	If you are in a hurry, go somewhere else. I definitely understand that things get busy, and we got there right before the dinner rush. However, our pizza came out and the next one that was ordered in our group didn't come out until we were finished with our pizza. They also got the size of our pizza wrong, and told us they were adding a personal size to our order to make up for it.  THAT pizza didn't come out until the others in our group were done with THEIR pizza. Really unorganized, but they were very apologetic and offered free dessert. Pizza was pretty good though- fresh mozzarella and their tomato sauce was yummy. Also- no wifi available. They had it, but it was locked and only for their use. Seriously, it's nearly 2011. In the age of Yelp, and checking in via Foursquare and Facebook, it's just bad business to not have wifi available for your patrons. Even if you keep it locked but give a code so you're not sharing with the entire outside world. I would go back, but it wouldn't be a first choice if I'm wanting pizza.
4	Would have loved to have given this place 5 stars but the service wasn't great AT ALL. We had to reorder twice (maybe three times) and the glass of water they gave my friend was awful. Horrible taste. The other waters were fine...go figure. But the pizza was really, really good. Try the cream sauce with cheese. Lots of flavor and lots of garlic!
5	This is by far my favorite pizza I have had in Arizona. The big chunks of cheese and the perfectly sized and seasoned pepperoni have such an amazing flavor on the thin crust pizza. We get the large pizza and have plenty to eat for lunch the next day. The menu is reasonably priced.  I went overseas for a month and this was the first place I ate when I returned home.  The staff is always warm and welcoming. They usually have a sports game on the tv's which is a bonus for my husband. If you sign up for their email club, they send you a certificate for a free large cheese pizza for your birthday!
4	I like this pizza a lot.  Make no mistake it is not a Chicago styyle deep dish.  It is thinn crust - with top notch toppings.  The place is usually a bit crowded and I am not crazy about the atmosphere - tables are a bit tight on top of one another and the bar is pretty pedestrian - though fine.  This is my favorite food choice in the San Tan Village center.I like all of their pizza combos and think they are all worth trying.I wish they had a kids menu - that would be helpful for the little ones.  I also wish they had a few more apparizer and salad choices - but what they have is good. I like the pizze enough for a higher rating - but I would say that it is a bit expensive.  Because the pizza is thin a large can be eaten by two or three people eaisly (i can eat half of one myself without pushing it) it ends up being a bit pricy.All-in-all a good place and worth your time if you like a thinner, floppy pizza with high quality toppings.
2	Way too expensive, the pizza is decent but hello, it is dough, sauce and cheese.. why the hell is it so expensive??We ordered 2 pizza's and a salad with a few soda's and it was OUCH $80 before tipping!!The same pizza with less atmosphere at Bella would cost $40-$50...
4	So I came here yesterday based on recommendations and reading fellow yelp reviews. I was not to be disappointed food wise. My friend Lyz and I split and Antipasto and a cheese pizza. The antipasto was great! Eight thick slices of mozzarella cheese, slices of salami, olives, roasted red peppers, and a basket of bread. My only complaint that I can overlook is that the peppers are served cold. It would've been better if they were hot. Just and oversight that I got over quickly, heh. Then the pizza... Oh man was it good. A 16 inch thin crust pizza. That seems like a lot, but with thin crust pizza one person can definitely finish it. The dough was great. The bottom and the crusts was crispy and soft and chewy in the center. The sauce was definitely solid. Not too sweet and not too tangy, just right. The cheese was just right. The cheese placement was spot on. Not too much, and not too little. All around a damn good pizza. I have to give props to my waiter as for he was spot on as well, with one minor slip up, which I'm not sure is his fault. My pizza and antipasto came out at the same time. Eh, oh well. What didn't impress me was the inside of the restaurant. I know Grimaldi's has several locations, in several states and sort of a pseudo chain restaurant. It seems as though they could've designed the interior a lot more comparable to that of a New York pizza joint. The inside was kind of too new/bland at the same time if that makes any type of sense? Yeah they had some pictures of New York, but you definitely know that you are in AZ. Oh before I forget I also had a cannoli, that was pretty damn solid if I must say. It wasn't the greatest one I have ever had, nor was it the worst. I would get it again for sure. Overall I will be back to Grimaldi's to stuff my face again, and a definite stop for anyone who has never been there!
1	This is by far the most bland pizza I have ever had. The red sauce tastes like they forgot to season it, the crust is flavorless too. The pizza oven must be filthy as well because the bottom of the pizza had bits of black crunchy residue, big enough to get caught in my teeth and to stain our 2yr olds plate with black grease. Our 7 and 10 yr old that love all pizza ate only 1/2 a piece and declined more. Their menu is so slim it makes you wonder why they don't literally have anything besides pizza and salad, no appetizers at all. My other issue is that if you choose 1/2 a pizza with toppings you still get charged for toppings for a whole pizza. Insane! 2 small pizzas and 3 drinks cost over $50, WOW!If you are in the mood for pizza skip this place and head up the street to Oreganos for their thin bistro pizza or even over to NYPD down the street for thicker styled pizza. Both places have way more flavorful pizza than this place and appetizers to boot.
5	We absolutely LOVE this pizza! The thin crust just melts in your mouth and the cheese is delish. We order the double cheese, fresh tomatoes and basil, but the white sauce with chicken and roasted red peppers is pretty awesome as well. Every time we are in Arizona we can't stay away from this place and everyone we've taken has really enjoyed it as well. I think the Scottsdale location has a much better atmosphere, but the pizza is consistently good at either location.
5	Best pizza in AZ! Coal baked pizza has the perfect crust. Sauce to die for. Gramaldis is reminiscent of being back east.
5	My family really loves Grimaldi's. The pizza is so delicious, very unlike the chain pizza restaurants in the area. The crust is so thin and crispy, the sauce has a very distinctly tomato flavor, not too seasoned or herb-y, and the cheese is so perfectly melty. It's not cheap, but it won't break the bank if you don't go crazy with toppings. The service has always been fabulous, just don't go at 4 pm! They clean out the ovens and you could wait up to an hour if you order after they start. Anyway, it's a great place in a great location. We will continue to go there when we crave REAL pizza.
5	Absolutely amazing tastes, service, location and atmosphere!
5	Truly the best pizza I've had so far in AZ. Reminded me of NY pizza, thin crust... and crusty! I could eat this crust alone it's so good!..  In fact I did!!! Ate it with a little olive oil and it was yuyuyummy! Also had the antipasti, so glad they actually give you REAL antipasti and not a mesh of crazy salad... you have to try this place if you haven't already.  My husband and I got a small pizza and had enough to take home for leftovers... and we are BIG eaters! RICO!!!
4	The service was great we were greeted with a friendly smile and our server was quick and attentive.  We shared a caprese salad and pizza.  The caprese was good and hit the spot.  The pizza was good too.  I liked the crunchy crust but it was a little dry.  We asked for some ranch and we were lectured on the fact that "real pizza" isn't served with ranch and they don't carry it.  Look, I understand that ranch on your pizza isn't for everyone but it chaps my hide when restaurants try to dictate how patrons should eat their meals.  The first I heard of this is when steakhouses refused to serve A-1 with their steaks because it was an insult to their perfectly prepared meat.  Seriously?  I think it's a testament to your food when you offer the condiments and the meal is good enough to stand on its own, but let the person eating the meal decide on that.  What's next, ketchupless fries?
4	This place is THE Grimaldi's of New York, the original pizza chef's place.  The original pizza place of New York is Lombardi's, but the pizza chef was actually Grimaldi himself.  When he realized his pizza was the best selling item in Lombardi's Grocery (NOT pizza joint), Grimaldi decided to go on his own and open a pizza place.  The rest is history.  My friend from NY couldn't believe that GIlbert of all places had THE Grimaldi's!  Their pizza is the best you can get in Gilbert hands down.  The reason for 1 less star is due to their slow service during peak hours.  The food's excellent and they have a descent wine menu as well.  The pizza's baked in their coal brick oven, hence the name.  The crust is thin, crispy, and the dough is just the right amount of chewy.  Good mozzarella and all the ingredients are high quality.  If you like spicy, try sausage, pepperoni, and jalapeno on a pesto pizza.   Heavenly!If you like NY style pizza, I highly recommend this place!
4	Good thin crust pizza and nice beer selection! I normally don't like thin crusts because it reminds me of eating crackers but the crust at Grimaldi's is crunchy and chewy. Ahhhhhh  I had a good time here -- the people were funny and it wasn't crowded compared to the other restaurants around the area.I don't know what else to say about this place - just like all the other restaurants in San Tan the place is nice and the food is good. A difference I did notice though, was that their menu was simple, which I liked a lot because it shows confidence in their food. Plus! I hate getting menus that resemble a mini dictionary :/ So yay Grimaldi's!
5	I am from New York (I know, one of the hated), but I have grown up eating the best pizza on earth.  During the past 30 years that I have been searching for a good pizza place.  Grimaldis IS New York Pizza, and I am happy that I have a place that I can got to to eat the kind if pizza I grew up with.
4	We also had the white pizza with garlic and a pizza with half sausage and the other half basil and tomato.  Both were outstanding.  Overall this place has good food, service and atmosphere.  This place is good place to relax and enjoy. Get there early otherwise it's a wait
1	If you actually look at my reviews you will find that I have reviewed many local places and given them high marks.  This place is the exception.  Walking in and the bartender was coughing into his hands and touching pizza boxes with pizzas already in them and pouring drinks and touching receipts.  Disgusting.  The pizza itself was below average.  Decent crust but very few toppings and the sauce is done in their signature way where they put round dollops of sauce every so often on the crust instead of everywhere.  I'll take everywhere.  There was nothing but crust in several spots, bland as hell, and lame.  We were grossed out by the bartender and couldn't hardly eat anyways but we actually gave it a try.  I will never spend another dime in this location.
5	My boyfriend and I stopped by when they first openned we wanted pizza and it was the first place we came across. We feel in love with the place. the salads are big enough for 2 to 3 people and delicous. The pizza was strange looking only because I am use to pizza with cheese all over. this cheese is in spots and doesn't cover the whole pizza. Once you bite into the pizza you will melt. It is by far the best pizza we have had EVER! There desserts are also spetacular. We have gone back many times and have had a very postive experieince.the only bad thing is they get extremely busy at dinner time up to and hour and half wait. It's well worth the wait. The best time to go is at lunch time there is never any waits.
5	This place is great!  Great food, some nicer beers, and a good wine selection as well.We ordered an antipasto, and a pizza, the food was all incredible, and the pizza was one of the best NY style pizza's I have had in the phoenix area.
5	The service here is always great.  My husband and I prefer to sit at the bar and don't have any complaints.  Get the pizza, with anything on it, you're bound to be a happy camper.  I also recommend the anitpasta- yum :)What I don't recommend is arriving between 4 pm-5pm as they are stocking the oven and there's no pizza magic happening then.Food = awesomely amazing.Service= awesomely amazing.We had Nikki last night, and she's great.
4	After watching a lot of food network, I've been in the mood for thin crust pizzas. However, being in my third trimester, I was not going to tolerate waiting an hour for it, which automatically crossed off most of the top rated pizza places in the Phoenix area. Decided to try the Grimaldi's Gilbert location for lunch and was not disappointed!Came on a weekday during prime lunch hour and there was plenty of seating, service was prompt, friendly and attentive. The thin crust was great - light, crisp, tasty...not soggy at all. The toppings were fresh, not overloaded. Pizza's came out within 10 min or less of us ordering, but we were offered some bread while we waited. Bread was meh, just some cut up cold french bread, nothing special...but still devoured.I got a personal size white pizza with the base mozzarella, extra basil, and roasted red peppers. The red peppers were a little sparse, and I don't remember them contributing too much flavor. I do wish the cheese had been gooier (sp?), perhaps if I had ordered extra cheese. But overall very tasty. My husband got the red sauce pizza with extra basil and pepperoni which was also very tasty. Pizzas were both wolfed down.For the future, Grimaldi's will be our safe go-to place for well made thin crust
3	I didn't really think the pizza here was worth the price. It's a bit expensive for a sum number of slices. The service wasn't as great and the lighting is a bit too dark for my liking.
5	MY ABSOLUTE FAVORITE PIZZA. Hands down. I am not much of a marinara fan so I LOOOOOOOOVE the White Pizza w/ Pepperoni! MM MMMM MMMMM We live right next to San Tan so we come to this one frequently and also do take out. I have been to the one's in Scottsdale and Ocotillo also and they are just as delish. On a weekend night there will be probably about a 30 minute wait so get ready for it. But they are always very nice and welcoming. I LOVE this pizza. I cant say it enough. I have never had a better pizza.
3	Good Pizza and good service. The pizzas is thin and delicious! The crust was a little tough but perfect if you are a dipper. They have a full bar and awesome beer on tap. If you're going for your birthday sign up with their "club" prior to going! They offer a free large pizza for your birthday :) Ok so as much as I liked the pizza there were a few cons... It was a little loud to hold a conversation. My girlfriends and I were at a 4 person table and we had a hard time hearing the other person if they weren't directly facing them. I brought my 3 yr old daughter along; there was no kids menu offered. No big deal since she could just share but they didn't have that many kid frendly toppings (my daughter wanted ham and pineapple). The pizza is priced with a base price ($12-$18) and then you're charged for every topping you put on ($2-$4). This made it pretty expensive if you like your pizza loaded. There menu is VERY limited. Just a list of pizza base size with a list of toppings, calzones but still have to choose all your toppings, and a few salads. Also, it took a long time for our one pizza to come out (maybe because it was a Saturday night?).  Good pizza... not the best I've ever had... not sure its worth the price.
5	Aaaaaaaaye Grimaldi! You like real pizza? Youll love this lil' traditional joint also in Old Town Scottsdale.  Sauce? Bomb. Crust? Bomb! If you don't like it you're probably from Sun Valley, NV or Apache Junction, AZ.
5	Agree with previous author! The water is everything.  If you cannot drink AZ tap water you cannot expect to make delicious food with it. Anyway being a huge pizza snob this pizza is unbelievable and it's made in a rustic uncomplicated style with minimal ingredients allowing each one of them to shine.  Its actually REAL pizza made the way its supposed to be. Nypd is also delicious but their style is more New York,less Italy.  I've been to all locations and San Tan is probably the best in terms of service and food quality.  In those areas they get 110%, the layout is also great. I think when they built this location, they did not anticipate such popularity as it fills up quickly and the wait-time can be lengthy (but worth it).  If you feel it is worth the drive you can probably be seated immediately in Chandler/Ocotillo as it is very large and pretty but  lacks in the little things such as professional service and ambiance but if you're looking to get in and out, it is fine.  One more VERY important thing, they support essential non-profit organizations through charity events.  Last year they showed their support for the Gilbert Boys and Girls club by donating 100% of all sales from the event.  It turned out to be a huge and generous donation.  I will always support a business who believes in supporting others.
5	Great pizza and great service, must come again!
4	I LOVE the pizza at Grimaldi's. I would recommend giving this place a shot if you are a pizza fan. It's quite different from your usual pizza. The pizza has thin crust with light sauce and cheese. So far I've had pepperoni and sausage pizza as well as chicken and artichoke. They were both wonderful. The service isn't spectacular. It isn't bad in the slightest but the servers aren't as friendly and open as I like. Definitely give this place a try. I've heard both raving reviews and just OK reviews but I've never heard anyone regret going to Grimaldi's.
5	This is the way all pizza should be made. Being from NY this is the only place that comes close to NY pizza in AZ. Perfect crust, perfect sauce, perfect everything. In fact everything on the menu is worth trying.Except for making my own, this is the only pizza i will ever eat.
1	Grimaldi's has to be the most over-rated pizza in the valley.  If you're going for the ambiance and service, fine, this place is more than adequate.  If you're going specifically for pizza and could care less about ambiance, this place is a big flop.  They obviously think the star of a pizza is the crust.  If you agree, you will probably like this place.  But if you think toppings are the main ingredient and crust secondary, DON'T go here or you will be disappointed.  The crust is decent, crisp and tasty with coal smudges on it which is a good thing I guess, but I ordered a simple basic large sausage pizza, and the sauce was almost non-existent, there was a fine sprinkling of cheese that you really had to look for to make sure that wasn't the bare crust staring up at you, and the sausage was equally skimpy, with maybe an average of 1 to 1 1/2 crumbles per large slice.  If you are a yuppie or like to flock to trendy places, this is for you.  If you'd rather have a good thin crust pizza with decent toppings go somewhere like Spinato's.
4	First time at a Grimaldi's and will definitely be going back for more! This one's in a great location and has surrounding shopping areas.Normally, not a huge thin crust fan, but they do a good job--not so thin that it's all burnt and cracker-like.Started with the caprese salad--yum! All super fresh ingredients (all three of them).Then we got the white pizza with garlic and added sausage and red peppers. Yum!Certainly not Pizza Hut priced, but obviously better quality. Our server was nice and on top of refills, made suggestions, etc.A hoppin place--large space with lots of tables, most of which were full the night we were there. Tends to be kinda loud, but not overly so and you can still conversate.
4	Awesome pizza, you can get creative and have half the pizza one way and the other totally different and that includes the sauces.  Great place for large groups, plenty of seating.  Also if you love desert you have to try the new york cheesecake and my favorite the tiramisu.  Its hard to find a place that makes a truly good tiramisu but Grimaldi's has mastered it!  Don't leave without trying it.  They are a little high priced on the pizza's but definitely worth going.
3	Grimaldi's was good...I will definitely go back, but I'm only giving it 3 stars because I wasn't overly impressed.  Which could be to my own fault since I have my favorite pizza places (in California) so it's hard to compare!  While we waited we got a 1/2 carafe of the house red wine...it was actually pretty good, light bodied red (comparable to a Chianti) and only $9!  The salad was mediocre...typical house salad, nothing exciting.  We got the regular red sauce pizza with sausage, pepperoni, red peppers and tomatoes.  I thought it was a little weird that their meat toppings were only $2 and most of the veggies were $4.  Also, they don't give you many options for toppings (mostly meat), but I'm sure if you asked they have others.  The pizza turned out good...a little on the greasy side, but we did have two types of meat on it.  The crust was really good and you can tell the mozzarella was fresh.  Our waitress was nice and I noticed that they all helped each other out.  It seems like this is a great place for groups and families.  Overall, it was a  good dining experience and maybe next time I'll become more of a 4-star fan!
5	Best pizza in scottsdale
4	This is probably the best sit down pizza around.  They use great ingredients, and their wine list is solid...it all makes for a good time and great oldies.
1	So I was expecting a lot when I walked in the door here and sadly I have to say that it failed to meet those expectations. This place seems on the outside to be a top notch pizza place that makes it's pizza in a coal brick oven like some of the best joints out there. However the truth soon becomes apparent once you order your pizza and then wait forever. The waitress was very nice and I felt bad for her because the kitchen was quite frankly letting her down big time when it came to getting things out of the oven. The pizza took around an hour to get after ordering... yes an hour for a coal fired pizza! The pizza comes and smells okay but doesn't knock your socks off aroma wise and taste wise was really bland. Even the crust which was the best part of it was very bland... it lacked flavor. The other issue was a lack of toppings and sauce. The sauce was missing something and was only lightly dabbled in spots on the pizza and for supposedly real cheese (what little was on it) it was tasteless. Being a lover of pizza I was highly saddened by this place that seemed to have soo much potential. Pricewise you expect more for what you are paying and everyone in my group was very depressed with the quality. I don't however think the place is beyond redemption and if they would make some changes to add some real flavor they could have a nice place here. However I won't be going back anytime soon unless I hear they have made some changes. I think the only reason this place has been able to make so far is because of its location at the San Tan Marketplace and not really on the merits of its food. You end up really wanting to like the place but it just doesn't happen.I would suggest if you want a good pizza for around the same price point check out  Venezia Pizza...
2	My sister and I ate here last night for the first time. Ordered a vegetarian pizza with 3 toppings. Expensive at about $22 for a 16 inch. It was about the driest pizza we had ever had and we had to request extra pizza sauce as they hardly put any sauce on the pizza. Apart from that it was just ok and we were not impressed. At least we tried it.
4	This is quite possibly the best pizza I've ever had! I am always begging to go back to Grimaldi's. They only have thin crust pizza which bothered me initially because I'm not the biggest thin crust fan, but this place has changed my mind! The only potential downside (and why I knock off one star) is that it is pretty expensive for pizza. We usually drop around $50 for one pizza to share, a salad to share, an iced tea, and a glass of wine. The taste is worth it though if you have the money to spend!
3	Good service, very good crust, nice cheese. A little expensive for what you get, especially drinks. $5 for a draft beer is too much and the toppings on the pizza can add up really fast. This was our second time back and it probably won't be our last. It really was an enjoyable lunch, but it is easy to spend a lot of money here. I agree with Les' comment on the bathroom...WHYYYYY?You can probably save about $10 on the same meal by going to Oregano's.
4	I went here for dinner last night with my mom and daughter. I had a coupon for a free large one topping pizza, this was sent to me because it's my birthday month. This place is good! We ordered a large pepperoni pizza and I love how the crust is thin but not crunchy and the cheese is creamy. Very good pizza, I usually only get the option of Peter piper since I have a 3 year old. As a starter my mother and I both had the Caesar salad, the dressing was very good and the lettuce and cheese on salad were very fresh. I will be going back here again, it's a lil pricey but I think it's worth it. Also here is a lil tip. From 4-5pm the restaurant redoes the coals in the brick oven, we got there at 430pm so we had to wait until 5pm for our pizza to be cooked, It wasn't too big of a deal but I don't suggest going in for a late lunch/early dinner if you're on a time constraint.
5	The waiter, attentitive... his manager also attentive. A wonderful experience from the time we walked in. The waiter came down to our level to talk with us. The manager came to our table as if we were old friends, and this was our 1st visit. The pizza? the best coal brick oven pizza I have ever had
4	Niiiiiice pie and good beer on tap --attentive and friendly staff. Place was a-buzz so I had to eat at the bar. The small pie is plenty for even a big appetite like mine --no need for medium or appetizers.Would def go back or try other locations.
4	This is a gourmet pizza place so Completely different than most. They don't have some traditional toppings and no ranch. You don't need it though, it's delicious wood fired pizza. They use good meats which is why its a bit pricier. Their pesto pizza is really good too!
4	Love it. Wish I could go more often. Go easy on the toppings. Less is more. Great lunch specials too.
3	I had some drinks & pizza here on 6/28/12.I was here on a Thursday, and this place was PACKED & INSANE!  It was pretty much elbow-room only.  Not much privacy, and the atmosphere was very loud.  The service was excellent, but the food was VERY expensive for what you are getting.  Thin-crust pizza was tasty, but very well-done & crispy/crunchy.  Some may like it this well-done, and some may not.The bathrooms are VERY small (single person - Lock door behind you).  This absolutely DOES NOT go with the capacity at which the restaurant was at.  Expect a wait if you have to pee.I may or may not come back.
5	Yup, I am that typical American who loooves pizza and this place has got it going on. Located in the desirably fashionable Scottsdale, this is a pizza oasis for those of us to engorge on an American staple. As with any good pizza joint, there's always something unique that makes them stand out. I really enjoy a good brick-oven pizza but with amazingly fresh toppings and good sauce (it's allll about the sauce), this truly stood out as one of my best pizza experiences. After an afternoon of shopping and the much need for a refuel on the belly, my friend and I stopped here for dinner. The decor is industrial with sharp lines yet has a comfy feel about it because it's in a nice open building and you can see them make 'n bake your pizza. Since we were starved we ordered the antipasto salad as an appetizer. It was a platter containing olives, salami, fresh mozzerella, tomoatoes, served alongside with some bread. A comforting dish that was elegant in display and hit the spot but not too much. We went with the standard red sauce pizza and ordered ours with pepperoni, garlic, and basil...a personal favorite of mine. We even had the option to add the basil before or after the pizza was done. I liked that option, it makes it more unique to what you want as opposed to this is what the restaurant does. The sauce was absolutely delicious and full of flavor. It ranks in my top 5 pizzas of all time. I definitely would recommend this place to anyone visiting or who lives in this area. Being a visitor, I was definitely impressed with the quality of food and service. If and when I ever come back to Phoenix, I will definitely come back!
5	It is rare I give out five stars but when I do it is for very good reason.  Grinaldis is no exception here.  This must be the best pizza in town!  The atmosphere sends you back taking you away from the present.  The flavor of pizza in the air takes you back and right in front of you are traditional pizza makers and spinners.  The brick oven is right behind them a you watch the pies go for the best baking method around.  Don't waste your time thinking, this place is a no brainer!
2	Yummy pizza and ok wine, but not a place for large groups.   I went the other day with my wine/book club. We had made reservations but when we got there the hostess told use that she could not seat us till  of our group was there.  Unfortunately when we were finally seated the table did not accommodate the size of our group. It would have been really nice to not have to worry about this and instead be able to come in sit down, enjoy a glass of wine and wait for the rest of the party to arrive and relax more. (I would have drunk more wine btw.) I know that there were a few issues with the orders too, although my order was correct.  Maybe it was an overly busy night, short staff or poor organization?? Anyway, I would go back if someone else wanted to go there but it would not be my 1st choice.
5	5 stars alone for refusing to serve ranch! Thanks, Grimaldi's, for preventing customers from ruining their fine pizza. Ranch on Papa John's is ok. Ranch on thin, crisp coal fired crust is not.Grimaldi's really is our favorite pizza in town. It's not as good as Pizzeria Bianco, but Grimaldi's is just a mile and one phone call from being enjoyed in the comfort of my own home. Besides the awesome crust, I love the whole milk mozzarella. The sauce is ok. Toppings are good too. We always ask for a margherita even though it's not on the menu-- it's a quick way to ask for a tomato, basil and garlic pizza.Although we mostly do take-out, service has been consistently good for the little that we interact with them. If you're on their mailing list, you can get a free large pizza on your birthday.
4	Their pizza is very good. I love the fresh cheese they use. I am also a fan of all their salads. They have a full bar, which is always a plus. The outside patio is small but nice and faces one of the main roads throught the SanTan mall. It has always been clean.My only negative comment is that sometimes the host's have attitude problems and are not good at getting people seated. The wait staff has always been nice.
4	Excellent choice for people looking for a pizza 'specialty'  restaurant.  There isn't much else on the menu, but who cares? The pizza is outstanding. This is classic New York style. I highly recommend the pepperoni. On cooler days their bar opens to the outside and the restaurant has a nice open, airy feel to it. By far our favorite pizza place in AZ.
1	Thought I'd give this place another try since it's been nearly a year since my last unfavorable pizza here.  Maybe its just me having bad luck since this place gets so many rave reviews, but once again the large sausage pizza that I was staring at seemed to be a bare crust totally devoid of any toppings.  I understand that this place prides itself on its crust, but c'mon adding a few toppings won't kill it!  Virtually no cheese, tiny spots of sauce here and there, and very sparse little crumbles of sausage that must have been begrudgingly added.  I was at least smart enough to take home about half of it, since I remembered I had some left over Spinato's at home.  I took a slice of Spinato's and put it on top of the Grimaldi's "crust pizza" and when I re-heated it I finally had pizza the way its supposed to be! Spinato's ample delicious toppings on top of Grimaldi's coal fired "platform" was very tasty indeed!
5	On my last trip to Arizona, I noticed there was a Grimaldi's in the area.  Of course, I was doing very important research and had to check it out to see if was up to par with the one in Vegas.  The service was friendly and very accommodating.  Our waitress was very attentive and prompt with our every request.  Refills were abundant and as usual, the pizza was amazing.I ordered my favorite combination:  Italian sausage, ricotta cheese, and fresh basil (after cooking).  The pizza was every bit as good as I remembered it in Vegas.  There was nothing missing, not even a hint of imperfection.  Damn, I love this pizza.  Sure, it's a bit pricey.  But to me, you just can't put a price on delicious pizza.  Grimaldi's has pizza down to a science.The waitress also hinted that a California location was a possibility.  I sure hope so!  CA people are missing out!!
5	We used my birthday pizza coupon tonight.  The pizza was sooooo good.  We also ordered a calzone.  I really do love this place.  It is fast becoming one of my favorite pizza places.
5	Great place, excellent food!! Ask for Mariah, best waitress ever!!!One of my favorite pizza places.
1	What an awful experience. Pizza was rather good however, the service at this place is abysmal. We thought that the menu was lacking in options and seemed rather limited. With the lack of options on the menu it's hard to feed picky children. You don't want to cater to them? well, we'll go somewhere else. However, that was the least of the issues with this disaster experience. Anti-pasta as a starter was fresh and nice and we ordered the pizza it came out hot and tasted nice and fresh. I liked the pizza as I used to live in NY, but my wife didn't. Service at the table was somewhat slow too. Forgot our bar order and then it took nearly 10 minutes to get it when we reminded the sever about it. I was nearly done eating when it arrived. Server auto-check dropped with no offer of dessert. So my wife and the kids went across the way to Frost Ice Cream for dessert and I went to the bar to have a glass of wine and watch the game. I sat at the bar for seven minutes without being greeted and nearly walked out. The bartender in passing then said "did you want to eat something?" and I said no I had already eaten I want to have a glass of wine. She brought me the menu for food and beer but no wine list. I ended up sitting there another 12 MINUTES before she addressed me again saying "you need something?" REALLY, nearly 20 minutes at the bar empty handed and she wonders if I need something.  With that said, I had set our leftover pizza box on the bar when I sat down. While I was seated the bartender took it off the bar top and put it underneath the bar. I didn't think much of it as I suspected that she put it there for safekeeping and to free up bar space. Anyhow, it took nearly 20 minutes from the time I sat down to the time I got a glass of wine which in my opinion is absolutely ridiculous. In the time that my wife the kids were gone I probably would've had two glasses of wine and a Sambuca but I barely had time to finish the one glass. I went to tab out and this also took way too long as my wife and the kids stood behind me at the bar waiting for 10 minutes while I tabbed out. Once this painstaking process was finished she took the check presenter and walked away without comment or eye contact. I had to call her back and say, "hey, can I have my pizza so we can go please?" She then looked at me with the quizzical face and said, "What pizza?" I reminded her of my pizza she put under the bar and she returned, "oh, I didn't know that was yours I threw it out." I looked at her and said, "There was half of a large pizza in there." She looked at me with a blank stare and said, "I can have you made a personal pizza and only take about 10 minutes?" I said no that's not acceptable. First, I had a half large pizza in there and second, we have to go now because the kids have school in the morning." She said "oh okay" and then turns her back on us and goes to the register without further comment. Offering no further solution to the problem she created. I found that absolutely astonishing and insulting. To throw my pizza away and then give me a lame solution was stupid. (The pizza we ordered was like 25 or $28 and personal pizzas is like 10 bucks) To just turn your back on us and leave us standing there like Hobo Joe's was really incredible and surreal.  I'll never come back to this place. I dropped $125 in this pizza joint and left really pissed off. Lastly, one of my employees had been dining with us and he was so upset he called the manager. The manager asked him for my name and address and said that he would contact me to discuss what had happened. Whatever, I didn't really care anymore and just simply won't ever go back. There's lot of places to spend money at. Like a week later I got a $25 gift card in the mail with absolutely no explanation, no letter, no contact name, and no verbiage whatsoever except my name scribbled on it - and they misspelled my friggin name as well.  All this really insulted me a 2nd time. Like throwing a gift card at me remedies that crappy experience. I threw their lame offering in the trash. Hope your happy with my $125.00 as you'll never see a cent out of us again.
4	I am updating my review and giving Grimaldi's  2 extra stars for customer service! Shortly after I posted my review I received an email from the Restaurant Manager and he apologized for the service and offered for me to come in and meet with him to discuss my review.  I have been too busy to take him up on his offer but we have exchanged emails. I now look forward to trying Grimaldi's again, maybe with my family (which is still a good size group of 6) and see what changes they may have made and what they can offer!
5	Great local spot here in Gilbert, nice staff, good service, great food. Will be back soon!!!
1	Nearly every review boasts about the pizza and the crust, so naturally we expected Grimaldi's to live up to the hype. We were unequivocally let down.I'm not one to normally give one star reviews, but in every aspect the food was was disappointing and the service was fake-friendly and slightly cold. For the price of the food and the ambiance of the restaurant, the menu lacked diversity and our pizza definitely lacked flavor, was not crispy, was very heavy, and most of the toppings were bland.To start, you choose what type and size of pizza you prefer. Then you add what we thought were pretty high priced toppings, which are priced the same regardless of whether they whole or half-pizza toppings. Honestly, it didn't seem fair to pay anywhere between $3 and $5 for a single topping, despite the pizza size, but we did it anyway because we didn't want a pizza with only one or two toppings.The pizza kitchen and oven are in the dining room, so the food preparation can be seen; including flying dough and oven operation. Pizzas were constantly leaving the kitchen and ours soon ensued. I will give them credit for the size of the pizzas; the small is huge, leaving me to wondering how enormous the large must be.Anyway, the onto the pizza itself. It's great that they make their own mozzarella in house, but the cheese was extremely rubbery and made for a experience full of gnawing and attempts at getting a clean bite. Even with a fork and knife, the cheese and crust were difficult to get through. The chicken seemed packaged and possibly previously frozen and the rest of the toppings were mediocre at best.The crust, which we had such high hopes for based on the reviews, was the exact opposite of what a thin crust should have been. The crust lacked rigidity and crisp, couldn't hold up its own toppings, and was fairly dense. After my first slice, I took another and merely ate about half the toppings (aside from the chicken), left the thick crust underneath, and snacked on the crispy outer edge of the slice.All in all we were disappointed in the service and really let down with the food. After the pizza was brought to our table, our waitress very quickly checked on our meal and I don't think showed up again until it was time for the check. The prices are high, but I guess the portions are large enough to share with several people. We were glad we had a coupon, but we will be trying a different shop on our next pizza outing.
4	4 Stars - If the one waitress wasn't walking around clinking salt & pepper shakers together 5 times each table during our dinner, it would have improved the atmosphere a lot. The saving grace was our young server gal with a great smile, her service and the awesome pizza!
5	I would eat here everyday of my life if I wasn't afraid of getting fat...
5	Been to this location 6-8 times and have never had a disappointing experience. Thin crust Pizza ALWAYS rocks. Their salads are huge and actually really good. Service is always great. It's always pretty busy but they seem to be able to handle things well. Their menu reflects that they are known for: pizza!  We enjoy sitting outside when it's nice out. Grimaldis is a family favorite and always will be.
5	We haven't been to Grimaldi's in quite some time because we've been practicing a GF diet. We decided to rough it with our two little guys (5 and 18 mos) tonight and it happened to be the time when they were stoking (#wtfisthat #crapanextrawait). We ended up not only getting our pizza quickly, but also had an amazing server, and "Steve" (manager?) came by and noticed our little guy was struggling with his pizza... He brought him out something special which really helped make the dinner more amazing. Food, server, atmosphere, and a little extra = thank you for not kicking myself for bringing the kids (lots of restaurants, few babysitters). We remember why we used to love you!!!
2	Don't sit at the bar...... No one helps you.This is by far the worst service I have ever had. I love Grimaldi's the pizza is great but the service was just terrible. Up front stand three hostess' that cannot figure out how long the wait was. Each one of them said a different time, and were extremly rude. One finally said the bar was open seating so for the first time we sat at the bar. I noticed a huge party leave from the patio so I asked a hostess if the patio is open seating, it was not so I then asked if the wait was still as long. She informed me that people were ahead of me (which was understandable) however no one was waiting. So I went back to the bar and said its fine we will just deal with it. Some better spots outside opened up so we moved seats from in the bar to the outside bar area. I watched two tables stay open the entire time of our meal, which was 2 hours long. I was ready to leave had I been able to tell the waitress to cancel our order. The reason I give it 2 stars instead of 1 is becuase in the end the amazing pizza made up for the terrible service. I love the pizza and next time I think mabey I will order it to go.
4	I am such a huge fan of Grimaldi's! You know a pizza is amazing when you can do without any toppings and regular ole cheese tastes fantastic. The coal oven creates a lovely crisp crust and perfect melt to the cheese. The antipasto plate is delicious too! If you register for email updates on their website, they will send you an email for a FREE PIZZA for your birthday, up to $18 - well worth it! I love you Grimaldi's!!!!!
5	This is some of the best pizza ever! I also love their Mediterranean salad. Every time we come here its always amazing food!
5	Stopped in for a glass of wine. Everyone was very friendly.
5	From a pizza fanatic... hands down the best pizza I have ever ate. Just wished I lived a litte closer.
4	The food is great.  Try the antipasto salad.  The pizza is one of the best oven-fired pies in town (Pizzeria Bianco is the gold standard).  Only knock is the service.  It is hit and miss.  Recently had the pizza come out before the salad- they forgot about it.  We sent it back and they removed it from the bill.  Not a biggie- we still make it a regular stop.
5	Yummy crust, sauce, and fresh mozzarella cheese. Not a fan of their pepperoni though. One waitress is super annoying but most are great.
4	I was pleasantly surprised.....I didn't care for the location but it is easy to get in and out, especially when located in a mall.   The pizza was delicious and 5-6 selections on salads.  Ordered the large and it easily fed 3-4.  We had sangrias which were delicious and not a bad wine selection.  All in all it was very good.  Our waitress was awesome and gave great recommendations.
4	Nice pizza great crust but a little stingy on the toppings
5	When I'm not on a strict diet, I love to go to Grimaldi's for their coal-fired pie. Just like little bites of heaven.
5	Love this location. Staff is friendly and service never disappoints. Sat at the bar on a busy Friday night had attentive service and food was phenomenal as usual.
5	we have gone twice recently. average wait about 15 min. food was awesome and we had good service both times. will go back soon.
2	First disappointing Grimaldi's experience. The pizza was, as usual, delicious (hence the 2nd star). But we ordered a large house salad with grilled chicken. Absolutely awful. I think there was one mushroom (maybe), 1/2 a roasted pepper, and I'm 99% sure the chicken was that nasty, nasty stuff you get in the ziploc bags in the grocery store cold cuts aisle. You know, "grilled chicken strips" that has like 15 other ingredients in it, none of them pronounceable. Worst $13 salad I've ever had. Maybe you say "big deal, a bad salad, it's a pizza place!" but I say the fact that they use the fake chicken speaks volumes about their quality control. Grilled chicken is also listed as a pizza topping. And it was $4 extra for the salad, and $5 on pizza! Gross. Makes me not want to go back, unfortunately.
3	Great pizza and nice atmosphere but go there with an empty bladder. One bathroom for women and one for men!! Not enough for the weekend crowd this restaurant draws in!
4	Get the Oreo cheesecake ! Pizza is very good also just expcet to pay 25-30$ for one
5	This is our favorite place for...grown-up pizza. lol!  I probably wouldn't bring the kids, but my husband and I love it for date nights. Amazing coal fired pizza, great salads, great wine!
3	Pretty good pizza and calzones.. They dont have a very large menu though, just pizza, calzones and salads.. It was good but I like thicker crust.. Will probably go back again.
1	TERRIBLE visit on Wednesday night... Walked in and both hostess just stared at me... No hello, no nothing! So I grabbed a seat at the bar. The bartender was actually great! But unfortunately for her, the lack of leadership from the management is causing the standard of Grimaldi to plummet. My pizza came out Luke warm and cheese barely melted.... I asked for it to be crispy. When the bartender asked if I wanted it fixed, I asked her to point out her manager... Guess who it was?!?! The same person who sent out my undercooked pizza!!! The younger women, who was in charge of the entire place, is sending out a sub par product. She did not even look the part of a manger... No professional attire, poor attitude and a clear lack of standards. Why would i have sent it back to get the same product?? No wonder the staff doesn't care, the manger doesn't! Unfortunately I won't be returning to Grimaldi's.
3	My family has always loved this placed but Thursday night kind of changed that.  Te service was great, our waitress was very sweet but something was different with the pizza. The sauce tasted different and very bitter and not much cheese at all. I know it is not the typical pizza with the cheese but there really was hardly any cheese on top. Our pizza also seemed to be burnt on the bottom as well. When we were leaving the hostess's didn't even acknowledge us. We could of ran our of there without paying lol.
1	As much as I love their pizza, I'm very irritated with them today.  I visited the Gilbert location last Thursday for an early birthday dinner with my children.  I was informed that they were cleaning their ovens and it would be an hour and a half wait.  We did not want to wait that long so I thanked them and said we'd be back in a couple days.  We went back today, only this time we went for lunch so as to avoid the "oven cleaning" that apparently happens every day starting at 4:00 pm.  Today however, we were greeting by the hostess only to be told that they are closed to replace the oven.  Really???  I wasted my gas again for this?  You should have told me on Thursday that you were closing to replace the oven.
4	We've been to the Grimaldi's in Chandler.  Great pizza there.  We had high expectations when we came to this one in Gilbert, and we were not disappointed!We were greeted promptly when we arrived.  I suppose I could ding them for telling us it was a 15 minute wait and then seating us in 5 minutes, but that's a positive error so I'd feel odd doing it!The server was very friendly, and even offered to serve up the first slice when the pizza came.  She did well.The pizza was hot, fresh, and very good.  This place is a tad pricey, though if you have a coupon that can help.  A great pizza with excellent service.  No complaints.  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone wanting a great pizza.
5	Never wait for a table, lines for a Fri/Sat Night are WAY too long, unless you go after 9PM.  Instead, why not just head up and sit at the "bar."  Watch something on TV and shoot the breeze with THEE Best Bartender in Gilbert; Nicki!  This girl just never gets it wrong, great memory, and a pretty smile.  Whether you go there alone, or with a group of friends, Nicki will be there to make sure your needs are met.  Service up at the bar is fantastic, when Nicki is there.  OK, food wise, I do love their pizza, but I'm trying to shed a pound or two so I've gone the salad route, for now.  Just had their Spinach salad during Game 6 of the World Series, and even though Boston took it, it didn't make me chock on that Spinach;  Actually quite tasty.  That's right, I preferred to go to Grimaldi's for Game 6 than a noisy sports bar.  The place had a great crowd, but seats up around the bar were available.  It is my "Go-To" place when I'm home and I have nothing cooking in my kitchen, so I rate this place two thumbs up, and more, especially when Nicki is working bar.See you there!
5	The pizza is phenomenal. All fresh ingredients, thin NY style crust, fresh mozzeralla, nice sauce. What more can anyone want? Born and raised in Queens and I will tell you no doubt the best pizza in Phoenix and top 3 or 4 including New York pizzerias.
4	Grimaldi's is my favorite pizza, there's something about the crust and slight smokiness that make it special. I also love the pepperoni, it seems like it slightly thicker cut and that makes for a much meatier flavor. The lack of ranch doesn't bother me because the pizza itself has so much flavor.
4	This place is pretty good! we got a large pizza, half white sauce with garlic and the other half with pizza sauce with toppings. the pizza sauce was whatever but the white sauce was pretty amazing. we got the spinach salad which was also really good and well dressed and had nice portions of Gorgonzola cheese and bacon. The staff is pretty nice and the food was great.
3	The pizza crust is really good but I'm just not a big fan of the red sauce.  All their toppings are really yummy.. but I just feel like the marinara is what makes a pizza.  I love love love garlic but the sauce is so garlicy that its bitter.  It's a great place for a big party, if your coming on a Friday night be prepared to wait 45 mins.
5	A good reminder of back home.  Pizza is pricey, but you get what you pay for and it is amazing.
4	Usually when we go here it's great.  I think one of the times, the wait was just way, way too long and I think the waitress was a bit grouchy.  But, all in all, this is my favorite pizza place.  I love their thin crust and that they don't heap on the toppings, but they put just the right amount.  The ambiance is okay, a bit noisy, but there is a bar area and this is located within the San Tan Mall area, so what would I expect?
4	Pizza was yummy! Service was quick. I wasn't sure when I took my fist bite if I'd like it because it had a really bad burnt flavor but it was just the black stuff that comes off the brick oven. We also ordered a pesto pizza that was good but heavy with the pesto & olive oil. I will eat here again.
5	Ok so I've been here a thousand times and I decided tonight was the night to finally post a review. I absolutely love this place! I have had all sorts of pizzas and salads and everything is incredible. My personal favorite is the pepperoni. If you haven't asked for the garlic powder ask! Is awesome on the pizza!!
5	I could eat an entire large White Pizza all by itself. Words cannot describe how good it is.
4	Awesome pizza just the right flavor from the coal bit mild compared to the place in Jacksonville I went to but very good along fresh ingredients. Had a good view of the pizza makers as well.Line was out the door but not a really long wait real quick pizza makers.They have opened a store in California and will have to look to go there.Worth the trip out here along with a trip to Boyce Thompson.
5	Always have a wonderful time here. Our server Erica was friendly and accommodating. Pizza is so delicious. Nice beer selection and good atmosphere. On a nice day like today, they have the bar open to the outside. They changed the station to the dbacks game on our request. Will be back. Best lunch in San tan.
5	All I can say is yum!!  I usually get the pizza and with that I am pretty plain, just cheese!  But it is really good!  I was at the San Tan location yesterday and bought some gift cards, I asked if they were good at all the locations and was told yes.  Then I saw from another Yelper that the Queen Creek location had closed, I was a bit surprised and disappointed, no one had mentioned it.  I hope this location doesn't close anytime soon!  I love coming to the San Tan location for the outside patio. Its nice during those times of year when the weather permits.  The inside of this location is quaint and nice as well.  I might have to break out and try something else from the menu next time. It all looks pretty good!
5	Love, Love , LOVE Grimaldi's.  Now being that I am a native NY'er, this is not the pizza I grew up eating.  That's ok though...Grimaldi's is different but great.  This San Tan location is the only one I will go to as well.  They do the pizza just the way I like it; the perfect amount of sauce (other locations have lacked in this area), the cheese is ample and bubbly and the whole pizza is always cooked to perfection.   Salads are always good and plentiful and the calzones are enormous!!This location can be VERY busy so go early, but not too early as they stoke the ovens late afternoon.  There is a nice patio that I love to sit at during lunch hours.  The only downside to Grimaldi's is that they are very limited in the reservations that they will take; only 1 per hour.  Yes, you read that right.  Not sure what the logic is there but it has caused some problems for my parties in the past.  Ultimately though, Grimaldi's is worth the wait!
5	I love this place!! I never had a great pizza..
3	I had not been to a Grimaldi's in about five years prior to this visit. I knew that it was a rather pricey pizza restaurant but I was craving pizza and we were at San Tan Mall so I figured I would give it another try. I was with my sister and she did have her dog with her so we asked one of the manager's if we could sit outside on the patio with the dog. At first she said no but then she told us if we could find a seat near the edge of the railing and tie him up on the outside of the rail, we could eat on the patio. We did end up finding a perfect spot where we were able to tie him up and have him right next to us while sitting on the patio. It was really nice of her to let us do that and accommodate our needs with the dog. Good start.We were pretty hungry last night and we both really wanted a starter of some kind, garlic bread, bruschetta, something like that... To our surprise Grimaldi's carries no form of appetizers other than salads. Salads are great and all but we just couldn't believe that they had no other kind of appetizer. When we asked our waitress if they had any sort of bread she  seemed almost irritated that we even asked. We decided that we would just end up ordering a starter caesar salad because really this was one of our only choices. We also ordered a large   pepperoni, onion and jalapeno pizza. The salad was okay. The caesar dressing was a little to bitter for me, a little too much vinegar for my tastes.The pizza here for me is just okay. Some people really love Grimaldi's and to each their own, but it is just not the pizza of choice for me. The crust was a little over done which because of the coal brick oven gave it a slight burned taste. I did like the fresh mozzarella and that was probably the best part of the pizza but I found myself eating around other parts of the pizza just to get to the bits of cheese. I am just not a fan of Grimaldi's pizza and I won't find myself coming back here to pay $22 for a pizza I don't like. The service was pretty good. Our waitress was very attentive. I did get a slight sense of arrogance from her but overall she kept our drinks refilled and she did answer our questions even if she was a little snooty about it. I did give a three star because even though this is not the pizza for me, it is not bad pizza, just not my taste.
5	THE BEST PIZZA IN ARIZONA. Now Ive never had any East coast pizza (yet) but this is what we have in the West and it is the best. They have a small menu and they do each and every item to perfection!
4	I love the ambiance that is a part of most Grimaldi's restaurants.  It definately has an east coast feel, Chicago/NY, I especially like the I 10 and ray location for that reason. The service is good for both the i10 and Santan locations. I am a big fan of  the garlic white pizza, it has literally become my all time favorite pizza and prior to eating it, I would have never thought garlic and pizza would be good.t never disappoints.I do wish they would make a gluten free pizza and for those who are unfamiliar this is pretty much a pizza and salad place.
3	Great service, nice hostess, nice level of music, but annoying fly.....gross. Fun that you can see the chef make the pizza and flip the dough. Great crust but I feel the sausage has too much cumin and the sauce is too sweet......just a personal preference. The Caesar salad had way too much dressing, the lettuce seemed a little wilted but the croutons were good.
5	As a frequent visitor to NYC and a huge fan of the famous Lombardi's Pizza I am a firm believer that coal fired is the undisputed champ of Pizza. Grimaldi's is a direct descendent of Lombardi's beginning in the 1930's and it shows as they have remained true to their NY roots.I make it a point to over order when I go there so I have plenty to bring home. I always start with the Caprese Salad or Anti Pasta platter, either way I get that amazing fresh mozzarella that dances across the old taste buds that can't be described in a PG rated review.They have done something to maintain the same consistent crust you won't find anybody else doing. They have a special tap that creates "Brooklyn water" specifically and only for the crust. The fresh mozzarella and sauce speak for themselves, if you feel Pizza Hut makes a great Pizza, then go to Pizza Hut. You aren't qualified for Grimaldi's.A++++
5	I'm an east coast girl. Good pizza is hard to find in AZ. Trust me, we've searched!Grimaldi's is delicious! It was my birthday and I'm part of their online club, so I received an email for a free large pizza. That's quite a generous gift, so I was happy to partake in it last night. I got the white pizza, which was a first for me. I'm more of a pepperoni type usually. I had them add some bacon to it, and it didn't disappoint. Very tasty and huge! The crust is the key-and theirs held up great, which is how I appreciate a good crust. It was delicious, crispy yet just chewy enough.  Took a lot home to enjoy over the next few days. ;)We also got the chicken Cesar salad and that was delicious too. My 10 y.o. loved it, and she's super picky.I like diet pepsi so that was a bonus too :).It's convenient for us since we live near by and delicious too! Thanks!
3	I've been here quiet a few times. I like the pizza a lot. This review is more about the service. We went last Friday night and it was busy but not insanity. We walked up the hostess and she didn't say anything just waited for us to tell her our information. I let it go and told her party of two and our name. She says "ok". Since it was busy I have to ask her how long the wait is. Annoying. Isn't this your job? Give a good first impression, speak, give the customer a heads up on wait etc. We get to our table 20 minutes later and take our seats. This was a special night out for my hubby and I and I had brought a gift and card. We ordered appetizers- the antipasto- which by the way is TERRIBLE! I could open up Safeway french bread, deli meat and tasteless mozzarella at home. Spare me the $9.After we order I give my husband his card and gift and a waitress, who wasn't even ours by the way, comes over WHILE he's opening it and asks "what'd you get?" And hovers. So rude and none of her business. I was pretty annoyed and in hind sight I wish I would have spoke to the manager. I'll go back because I love the pizza but maybe next time I'll do take out.
2	Over priced pizza. Snotty service. Been here 5 or 6 times hoping it will get better each time.My wife politely asked for a side of ranch and the server scoffed and told her they don't serve ranch. Way better pizza all over gilbert, cheaper too. Skip this place.
5	This is by far the best pizza in town hands down.  It isn't too greasy and. Doesn't give me heartburn like most.   I come here at least once a week and am for sure addicted.
5	I love Grimaldi's! The staff and service goes above and beyond of what is expected! They are always busy but they don't let that slow them down!!! My pizza is always hot and fresh when it arrives at the table! If there is ever any issue they make sure that it is handled properly and in such a way that it seems as if nothing ever happened!! I have only had one incident and it was something that was out of their control! When you come ask for Sherri! She works Monday, Wednesday, and Friday 5pm-close! Seriously the best server they have here and super sweet!!!!!!
4	Asked for ranch with my salad and waiter said they don't serve it and mentioned that he gets complaints about not having ranch all the time. Hello management: get ranch.Overall the food was good but overpriced. But I guess people are willing to pay more for the atmosphere which fun and lively. I liked how you can view your pizza being made.  I'd go again though but I'll bring a bottle of ranch in my purse.
5	Today pretty much everything was perfect.  Catherine was our server and she was incredibly friendly, attentive, personable.  When I asked for a lot of ice in my water, she gave me a lot of ice and refilled my water several times as I was super thirsty.During our 15 minute wait to be seated, my son asked for water and they got him a nice ice filled glass of water while we waited, which was great.  The wait wasn't too long.We got seated in the corner near the bar area and that helped cut down on the noise, but it was still loud in the restaurant.  We had a free pizza birthday coupon for a large 1 item topping that we got for free, but we added additional toppings and ordered a large antipasto plate, which we all totally love to get every time and gobbled it up quickly.  It consisted of roasted red pepper, mozzarella, basil, salami, bread, olive oil, balsamic vinegar, and 2 types of olives.  My husband and daughter are the only ones that like the olives, but we love everything else.We got a large bacon, olive, and pepperoni pizza (love the tiny pepperoni) and it's delicious as always.  After we got served our slices, we all like to put the flaked red pepper on our pizza.  I put some and then my husband started to shake the container over his slice as normal and the top came off pouring out the contents of all the red pepper.  We couldn't brush the pepper off and Catherine replaced that slice with a personal pizza instead.  We enjoyed our time there.  All the food came really fast, but not so fast we couldn't enjoy the food.Catherine was excellent and probably the best server I've ever had at Grimaldi's.  We gave her a really nice tip and appreciated her great attitude.
3	Get here early or there will be a wait, outside, in the scorching Arizona heat.I really have to be honest and say this was not my favorite tasting pizza, to me the sauce was lacking flavor. But watch out when you order the "small" pizza, it is about the size of a car tire.They gave our 1 year old some pizza dough to play with which I thought was the coolest idea I had ever seen for entertaining little kids.The servers are experienced top notch professionals.
4	The pizza is AMAZING!! Best I've had in the southwest so far. Aside from that though, our waitress was terrible today and the red sangria was even worse. Will be ordering to go next time.
1	I love Grimaldi's pizza. But I will not come to this location anymore everytime I come to service is horrible.
4	Ordered a small calzone to share.  It was plenty big enough to share but they are $16 for plain cheese and $2 for each additional topping.  That is just crazy to me.  The pepperoni is like the kind in the chef boyardee pizza kits, just not what I was expecting.  Overall,  it was okay. The service was good, the wait was really long, the food was meh. Maybe try the pizza next time.
5	Simply the best pizza of life. That's it. If you want to eat real and good pizza just come here. I mean it's so simple yet so delicious! They have a way with each ingredient they use. First off the crust. It's thin and crisp but has a nice chew and good flavor. The cheese is fresh and milky. The pepperoni a are small but meaty and a little spicy. The meatballs are creamy with a subtle flavor. And the price!! The price is perfect. Not over or under priced. Seriously come here. You won't be disappointed!
3	Great atmosphere, friendly service. This is a nice location that was pretty lively for a Wednesday night at 6pm. If you're a brick oven pizza lover, this is the place for you. I realized that I am a traditional NY kind of pie. I also ordered the calzone. It was small (yeah, right!?!) it could serve 3 people. That was pretty good!!!
5	Shout out to Mikaela!  Great service and the pesto pizza with chicken and artichokes was awesome! Thank you Mikaela for making sure we weren't late for the movie!
5	Very delicious pizza & the Mediterranean salad is very good.  We had amazing service,  very friendly staff that made sure we had everything we needed. We had a great experience here.  I would recommend it to anyone that wants great pizza for a night out with family or friends.
5	This pizza is amazing!!!! The atmosphere is also pretty killer. All of the stuff I have ever eaten from here has been delicious! The service is always great! Honestly I think it's the best pizza in the entire metro area
5	Great tasting Pizza everything.  Simple ingredients executed to perfection.  One of my favorite pizza places in AZ.  if your looking for great tasting NY style thin crust look no further.   Pepperoni, sun dried tomatoes, and basil pizza is so good.  Love the brick oven flavor.  Being able to watch them make your pizza just adds to the experience.  Highly recommend.
4	Service excellent Mariah was awesome. Food was great! To bad the manager was into checking with his guest! He liked to hang put at the counter talking with cooks and service team. Didn't catch that the waitress dropped something on floor and didn't wash her hands - right in front of him. He was more in the way, standing in the pickup area - not expediting! Food is pricey but it is good! It's rich man's pizza.
2	I like the calzone and I will eat here on occasion usually to go. Each time I have eaten in the restaurant the hostess station is disorganized. The wait time is long but not because they are so busy. There were quite a few tables available that just needed to be clean. When I inquired, they indicated that I would have to wait for somebody to clean it. The manager is impressionable but appears to impede efficiency. The management of this location is not efficient or customer oriented
4	They have some really good pizza here! We had the white pizza, which has some garlic and white sauce, really tasty. They don't have any garlic bread or French bread, which was a little disappointing. They also don't have happy hour, although some of their house wines are $4 a glass at all times.Also, if you sign up for their birthday club you get a free large 1 topping ($18 value)!
3	I love the location and the feel of this pizzeria. It definitely feels more upscale than a normal pizza joint. Note to all parents, there is no kids menu, crayons or anything kid related here. We were kind of bummed about that. My wife and I shared a large Caesar salad which was huge and we enjoyed it. Then for pizza we tried a large pizza with meatballs on one half of the pie. The size of the pizza was much smaller than we were anticipating. Grimaldi's and I clearly have different definitions of large. The pizza didn't look very appetizing when it was first brought to our table. Fortunately, we found out that it tastes a lot better than it looks. The pizza was great with a rich sauce and I loved the meatballs. The crust on the other hand was hard, flavorless and crunchy like a dog biscuit. I felt like a five year old with all of the crusts piled up on my plate. Ironically my three year old loved them.Lastly we tried a sample three dessert platter with chocolate cheesecake, New York cheesecake and a cannoli. The cheesecake wasn't anything special, but my whole family enjoyed the cannoli. The total bill was high for the amount of food that we received...especially when considering the "large"pizza. However we did thoroughly enjoy the pizza and cannoli so we will surely be returning to Grimaldi's in the near future.
5	Still a classic been to the original in NY the one in the Woodlands in Texas and now Gilbert AZ. Just glad this is close by to have in the rotation.
3	Good pizza, not too greasy like some. We sat down for dinner and my wife noticed fresh pizza sauce and pepper on the table cloth. The sauce had been wiped over. When she told our server she responded they would take care of it when we left. Need I say more?It takes more than good pizza to get 5 stars from me.
5	Seated quickly. Great service. Order Caprese salad and two pizzas. Food delicioso. Highly recommend.
3	My father in law took us out to eat here on a Saturday night around 7pm and it was really packed-we had a 30 minute wait. The ambience and set up of this place is really nice with a casual setting. After being seated our waitress came right out and took our order. The have a large wine selection on the back of their menu and a few beers. I thought it was weird that they didn't have bread sticks or cheese bread or any other appetizers  to order besides salads and calzones.  We ordered the house salad large which was more than enough for four of us. The pizza came out next and it was really greasy but tasted pretty good. The ingredients on the pizza tasted fresh. The large pizza was enough for four of us to have two slices. My daughter and I were also a little disappointed because they didn't carry ranch dressing. This place was pretty good, not the best--but pretty good.
5	Love love love Grimaldi's.  They have great, traditional coal fired pizza.  The patio is quiet and large.  AJ waited during my most recent visit and he couldn't have been a better server!  Very attentive and helpful!  I eat here all the time!
4	I've been here a handful of times for lunch only and each time the service was excellent and the pizza was very good, keeping in mind you like "Coal Brick Oven Pizzas." I don't review "chain food" restaurants that frequently, but this one is worth it. We've only gotten the plain cheese, the pepperoni/basil, and the Italian sausage all were very good.Note: if you sign up for the email and you enter your birthday you get a large pizza with 1 topping FREE. You can't beat the $18 value.
5	This is absolutely the best pizza place in Gilbert! I came in with my wife and two daughters for my birthday (Grimaldis emailed me a birthday coupon for a free pizza). The service was fantastic. Right when I walked in, the two hosts were extremely nice when they greeted us and sat us right away. Our server Tyler was very personable and attentive. We took his recommendation on our pizza and we were not disappointed! Overall great service, we'll certainly be back again soon.
5	I've never had a bad experience at Gramaldi's. Our server Tyler was a nice kid, very inviting personality and attentive to our requests. Even the server who brought our desert let my 1 yr old male eyes at her and blow kisses. Those are the things that make a restaurant experience wonderful when I'm with my whole family.
5	If you like thin crust pizza, this is the place. Great patio area and bar has seating when sit down tables are full. Place is packed on weekends. So plan for that. Service is good, my glass stayed full.
4	Good pizza, although there isn't much of a selection other than the fact that you could fully customize your own pizza. Also, the toppings were a bit pricey in my personal opinion.
5	Great pizza and service.  The calamine is fantastic.
5	Wow.....This is by far the best pizza in Arizona . New York style , crust is as awesome ,  toppings are quality meats.The pizza was cooked to perfection .service was great. I'm going to be having dreams about this pizza joint.
2	OK Pizza but certainly not worth the hour and a half wait after the hostess forgot us and only remembered our party after our third request about how long the wait time would be.The manager sent an antipasto tray to the table and I was astounded at what it was for the price on the menu.  Four pieces of salami, some roasted peppers, mozarella, and olives.  I could have made four trays for the price...just saying.Pizza is good but way overpriced and if you want any toppings besides cheese, you're going to pay for them...I will give kudos to our waiter, Zack - he made the event a little more tolerable, but I will be taking my pizza business elsewhere, for sure!
2	Grimaldi's - Not For EveryoneI almost gave Grimaldi's 3 stars, because it seemed to be fairly popular and busy, but when I mentally compared their pizza - which I thought was good - to the many other pizza restaurant options, it didn't hold up well, so I knocked them down to 2 stars. I've ordered pizza at dozens of restaurants, including most of the major chains, over the years, and I've also made hundreds of pizza at home from scratch.To me, only a few factors determine the quality of a pizza. For the most part, onions are onions, peppers are peppers, olives are olives, mushrooms are mushrooms - most toppings are pretty much going to taste the same wherever you get your pizza. What sets pizza apart for me are: crust, sauce, pepperoni and sausage. Grimaldi's crust was descent. On the plus side, it was only burnt a tiny bit near the edges, but it was mushy and gooey at the center. Many brick oven pizzerias are cavalier about burning their crusts, ignorant to the fact that a burnt crust ruins the taste. I always send a burnt pizza back for one that is cooked properly.As I watched the pizzas being made, they seemed to put very little sauce on their pies, but it seems to spread out as the pizza cooks. Still, my pizza seemed dry, in need of more sauce, at the edges, and the sauce itself lacked any zesty flavor - it was fairly bland. Grimaldi's has options other than the tomato sauce that I ordered, but I can't comment on thoseGrimaldi's pepperoni was good, not great. On a positive note, they don't slice it paper thin like virtually every other pizzeria in town, it was a nice, thick slice, like pepperoni should be. I'm reminded of a pizzeria I went to once in Philly - their pepperoni was so delicious, I asked what type it was and where they got it. They ended up selling me 1 one pound stick which I brought back to Phoenix. I was better than any pepperoni that I've sourced locally. Grimaldi's sausage was also just okay, my main complaint is that they - like most pizzerias - don't offer a hot sausage option. I want sausage to be more than just another topping - I want to taste it. At one time, I thought Streets of New York made was best pizza restaurant in town, but that was nearly 30 years ago and in my opinion their quality has come down significantly over the years. My current favorite - though not strictly a pizzeria - is Red, White & Brew. Though I never order pizza when I dine in, I order their pizza often as take out. Grimaldi's popularity puzzles me.
