5	This is exactly what I was looking for. I needed a quick workout on my way home, without all the hassles. Koko workouts only take about 30-min three times a week. They are guided by a computerized trainer that tracks your every move on a thumb drive. The key seems to be going slow (not seeing how fast you can blow through a set). No crowds to dress for and your entire workout can be done on one machine in flipflops. Stop by for a demo!
5	This is individualized fitness at its very best!  I have never felt my arms look more toned, belly fat is dissolving, and I really love going to the gym now!  :)  Koko FitClub is unique in its computerized machines that tailor create your fitness regimen - just for you.  No getting lost with what you are doing with your weight training, and also ensuring you are getting the maximum results.  Staff is extremely helpful and most friendly.  Come by for a demo, you will be truly impressed!
5	Used to go to the YMCA and before that Pure Fitness.  Koko lets you use just one machine to do the whole work-out. No waiting for twelve machines to do it. The staff is very helpful. The machines keep track of your progress and add weight and repetitions as you get stronger. Treadmills and ellipticals for cardio. I've lost weight already in a few weeks and I'm in much better shape.
5	I miss the days that I am unable to go to Koko. Having been an actice person in life, I never really "hit the gym" until now. I feel so much better in the past 6 weeks that I have been working out. It is so easy AND personalized for me. I never feel intimidated like I have at other places. I can also SEE my progress and have a way to know how to do better next time!
5	I joined the club 5 weeks ago. When I first visited, the owners were very friendly and welcoming and didn't make me feel self-conscious for being a total couch potato. The facility hasn't been open too long so everything is still brand new.One thing I've pleasantly noticed since I've been a member is the place never smells like a gym. I'm not really sure how they pull that off since I'm not the only one sweating in there.Over the past 10 years, I've had limited success trying to workout at other gyms and fitness clubs; they were definitely on-and-off affairs. My problem with exercising without a trainer was that I was never sure how much weight to lift or how many reps to do. My experiences working out with a trainer have been mixed: sometimes I had a trainer who wasn't serious about what they were doing and other times I've experienced trainers who worked me out extra hard seemingly to prove how much worse shape I was in than them.The best thing about Koko is that the machines are computerized in a way like no place else (they're not just electronic, they're computerized). They have sensors which take note of how much weight you're lifting, how many reps you're doing, and they sense your pace to ensure that you're lifting at the right pace.There are quite a few programs to choose from depending on your fitness goals. The program you choose is loaded onto a USB key that you insert into the machine when you start your workout. Your workout regimen is based on your chosen program (Weight Loss 1 for me), your age, weight, and strength (tested when you join).I honestly feel this is much better than a personal trainer. I don't have to schedule my time at the gym with a trainer, the programs have been well thought out and designed by well-known and qualified trainers and I'm not chit-chatting with a trainer during my workout.I've changed my diet (I'm eating a reasonable amount of sensible things; not an official diet) and have been very committed to visiting Koko regularly. To date my waistline is 2 inches smaller and I've lost 14 pounds of body weight. Best of all is that I feel great and have more energy than when my activity level was almost nil.
5	I've been holding back on my review until now because I wanted to give it some time to see how it was going to work for me. After 5.5 weeks, I can say that I have achieved darn good results considering my profile. I'm a 44 yr. old mom of three who just finished CULINARY school of all things for God's sake. Needless to say, I gained a bit of weight from eating my schoolwoork and late night studying.I had a minimum total of at least 90 lbs to shed and have absolutely no muscle. I hate exercise and I love to eat good food. I've never liked lifting weights and though the treadmill was my only option.So here I am just a little over a month over joining, and turns out I actually like lifting weights now. The machine is better than a human personal trainer because it never forgets a single move. It knows how well or not you did last time. It knows how much weight to give you, how many reps are just right for you, and detects your range of motion which is saved for you on your little USB drive. And the best thing is that at the end of your workout, you see how many Weight Watchers points you just earned, and your KOKO score! It's like a little kid working hard for those stickers. I can't wait to reach 50,000 points to get my new orange lanyard to hold my USB drive.End results: Total weight loss since beginning the program is 9 lbs, strength gain 22%. I'm impressed. It's obviously working and I had all but given up hope that anything would ever work for me. If you're worried about the price, don't be. There are no big sign up fees except the cost of your special USB card and your security card to get in after hours. The club is small and personal. It's clean, and smells new. The owners are really nice and motivating when you need it. And if you'd rather work out late night when it's nice and quiet, you have access up until 11pm when it feels like you have your own private gym. I also like the fact that you stay one machine and just change out the attachments a bit instead of moving from station to station. It's so easy! You have to stop in and see for yourself. I recommend it wholeheartedly.
5	I bought the Groupon for KoKo for an unlimited month of "smart training" at KoKo.  I have a gym membership somewhere else, but like a lot of us....never went.  I called and set up my initial appointment and haven't stopped since!The strength machine is completely computerized and you put your individualized USB drive into the machine and you get a personalized workout.  It tracks your pace and you get points for each workout.  If you are like me, I love to see how many points I get each time, based on my pace and I am still striving for "Club Perfecto" , as well as my orange lanyard!KoKo is very non-intimidating, there are no mirrors on the walls or the ceilings, and you won't see guys staring at themselves in the mirror fixing their hair and kissing their muscles!  I think one of the nicest things about the club is from the day I walked in as a "newbie", I was always greeted by my name!  So different the any other experience I have ever had!  After my Groupon intro month was over, I immediately joined!  The staff is great, they are so welcoming and really know their stuff!  Thanks KoKo, for once in my life, you have made me look forward to finally integrating exercise into my life every day!
5	Koko Fit Club offers a complete 180 degree experience compared to most traditional health clubs. You will notice from the minute you step through the door that you are not at your typical gym. At first glance, you will notice no full length mirrors, no big screen tvs blaring about the latest greatest cardio workout routine, no personal trainers offering a sample of the latest protein drink or asking you to sign up for the next bootcamp. What you will find is a focused, efficient, no nonsense approach to getting a great workout without spending 2 hours in the gym. If you go deeper, you will see cutting edge technology combined with the core building blocks of an effective workout program. It really is like have a personal trainer guiding you through the constantly changing exercise programs. Being a 20 year veteran of the weight room, I was initially skeptical about whether I could get a good workout. After 6 weeks, I can say with confidence that this program works. I have experienced susbtantial strength gains in many areas after only 6 weeks. The other benefit is I no longer need to plan out my workouts and track my progress. KoKo does it all for me so I just go in, plug into the system and follow the instructions. Again after 20 years of working out, I dont want to think about it, I just want someone to tell me what to do. The key point is the person telling you what to do is a top level personal trainer that really knows how to get the maxium results. If you are tired of the traditional gym scene, give Koko a try. It is not the right fit for everyone, but if you are like me, the light bulb went off almost immediately upon seeing the demo. I am excited to work out for the first time in several years.  The staff is friendly, helpful and really sincere about you being there and getting results. Dave has done a wonderful job of creating a community atmosphere. What a breath of fresh air.....
5	This is the best gym. Everyone is very friendly and the workouts are great. The Koko program keeps me motivated and up to date on my personal results. Workouts are guided so it makes it easy to stay focused.
5	Awesome approach to fitness! KoKo Fit is a great way to get in shape with the results you would expect for hundreds more. For the same price of a gym membership you get step by step workout programs in weight lifting and cardio. I have gained 23% more strength in 3 months. Go to the club in Scottsdale and check it out!
5	Amazing gym! Small, well staffed and a pleasure to be affiliated with!!
5	Before joining Koko FitClub (Scottsdale location) 4 months ago, I honestly dreaded ANY form of working out.....Now I am a Koko-nut!!!I wrote a blog post about the details because I was so impressed. See it here: http://simplygoodliving.com/?p=673Now, I work out a minimum of three times per week and actually enjoy it. I never thought I's say those words! If you are considering it, definitely stop in for a free demo.
5	I'm an air conditioning contractor and still climb up in attics  and work on stuff at the age of 58.... I put in  some long days during the summertime. but it's not exactly the same as an exercise program that targets all the working groups of muscles...when you use your body as a tool, you have to take care of it!    This program, the training, and the benefits I am already seeing after a short period of time have  me convinced that the system really works, and it's super convenient.   Dave West, the owner, walked me through the first steps of the system personally.What a nice thing!   I can't speak highly enough of how the system works... A computerized personalized training system that tracks you and motivates you ...I am really looking forward to my next visit!   Just going in and doing a demo with Dave might be the best thing you've ever done for yourself.
4	I am really enjoying my workouts at KoKo.  I am a stay-at-home mom and find it difficult to work exercise into my busy schedule.  At KoKo it's easy, I'm in and out of the club in 1 hour!  I have lost 4 lbs and gained muscle in my 3 mo. there.
3	I recently stopped by Koko for a tour and test workout. I'd heard great things about Koko from Yelp and other websites and was mainly interested given the theme of positive results (weight loss, building lean muscle) and use of technology.The location is located in a strip mall off of Bell and I almost missed it because it's tiny. I walked in and was immediately unimpressed which is sad because I had really high hopes. The carpet was a uninviting shade of brown, there was a plethora of fluroscent lighting and the worst part was how small the space felt. The entire "gym" is 1 small room with ONE co-ed bathroom. Seriously? No locker rooms? Not even a separate bathroom for women and men? I felt like I was in an outdated office with some gym equipment scattered around. However, I can see why people like Koko -- the weight training machines are designed to be virtual personal trainers: it keeps you in line with form and how fast your reps are in order to ensure maximum strength gain. Plus, it's far less annoying than having a trainer hover over you for $80-$100/hr. The technology seems great and easy-to-use and the staff were all extremely friendly. I'm sure if I used Koko I would see results and that's the whole point of the gym. My concern is that Koko -- for me -- isn't a motivating place to go. It's really, really drab. My yoga studio (Floo-id Yoga) feels more like a gym than Koko. So the lack of basic gym amenities moves this place down 1 star. I bumped it down another star for the PRICE of Koko given the lackluster atmosphere and missing features. I was quoted $150 to start with and $80/month for a 1 YEAR COMMITMENT. Or I could for $90/month for a 3 month commitment. Are you kidding me? For this place? For this gym with hideous brown carpet and 1 bathroom for 15 people? $70/month for no towels, no flat panel televisions, no cool lighting, and maybe 1000 square feet of space? It really should be like $50/month with the current amenity profile. And honestly? I'd pay $80/month if the place had locker rooms and a bit more of an energetic vibe. Maybe they are just catering to a more mature demographic.  I am disappointed because I really, really wanted to LOVE Koko. I get the whole Scottsdale gym scene and I want something different. Koko is almost there -- they are welcoming, you don't feel insecure or judged, etc. While Koko claims to have the answer in reality they went too far off the gym spectrum and landed in Office Space territory. I may go back to Koko but for now I'm just not sold.
5	The best place if you want to get into shape or stay that way, especially if you are the competitive type
5	My husband and have been going to koko for well over a year and we love it. It works for both of us and we go consistently. Nice atmosphere and we feel comfortable there. We were comfortable when we started and still are.He has made more strength gain than me but we have both made strides and are in better shape. Our routines change all the time and we r not bored
5	I have been away for the past few months but honestly this is the best thing going in this town anyway. No intimidation.  No fancy frills No not knowing what to do once you make it the gym. Just plan simple effectiveness.
5	I love doing business with CONSCIOUS loving people...and Kim and Tiffany make one sooooooo happy they met them. We handled our business, they gave generously to a charity we were helping...and we thank them for being such wonderful caring people!
