4	The Chipotle of pizza's pretty much! You go in and you get to choose whatever sauces, cheeses, and toppings you want, all for the same price and they bake it within 5 minutes. The girl working there, Ariana,  was really nice and very helpful. I think I gave her a hard time because I had no idea what I wanted, but still very nice. Overall, great food, chill atmosphere, nice people.
5	Love it!!!Very good pizza, the dough is amazing and crunchy and tops quality ingredients. Service and people very friendly and price affordable.. What else can you ask?!
5	Fired Pie is amazing! We went to the one in Ahwatukee, and I can't wait to try the one in Tucson. The pizza is absolutely delicious for a nice afternoon lunch, and the prices are hard to beat. My only criticisms: the staff was a bit slow and unresponsive. When we asked for napkins at the table, the server never really came back. But, the restaurant is mostly self-serve, so it's okay. Also, the $3 pookie is so cheap for a reason. The cookie is truly meant for one person, so don't try to share it. We tried the pesto chicken pizza and the veggie pizza, and both were out of this world.Try this place NOW. Just be warned that the portions aren't too big, and shouldn't be eaten for a dinner-- more of a lunch dish.
1	Went in to get a salad and a pizza with my friend today, the lady making our salad was flinging food everywhere while mixing it and put so much dressing on it, that the leaves were wilted before we even started eating it. We couldn't even finish the salad. She also got her dirty hands all over our bowls from making a pizza right before. We also ordered a pookie and she forgot to ring me up for it and then 20 minutes later, she asked for my card to charge me for it and start making it. Then 10 minutes later she tells me the ice cream is all melted and it won't work on top. I told her we were already done eating and I just wanted a refund on my pookie. She acted put out and that she had to find her manager across the street and I said, ok never mind I guess, and she said, sorry, and walked away.
4	So I really enjoyed my visit/try of this establishment though slightly mixed review. The pizza was really good (especially for the price) and the overall atmosphere was nice with a friendly vibe. The staff that we interacted with were very friendly and helpful. The lass who made and delivered our pizzas was great.Now the negative, the restaurant was pretty empty while we were there yet most of the tables needed a wiping and the floor needed  a good sweep. Would come again. Hopefully they can keep it tidier.
5	Another Yelp recommendation that was right on. Excellent pizza and Salad So Fresh. I had meaty Italian pizza. Quick more than enough for one. Salad split was enough.  Staff friendly. Very quick. Excellent for lunch. I loved Germoldies pizza But But Fried Pie is faster and a LOT Cheaper. That's why 5 Star Next time- Yes next time I will never make my own pizza now that I understand. Ingredients are all so fresh place is very clean. Free refills on drinks. Great Fast Cheap Pizza and Salad.
