3	I like this place because I can't find korean pancake mix anywhere around where I live and I don't feel like driving to koreatown la just to pick some up.  I picked up some goodies here.Not fond the cashier who doesn't place your change in your hand.
4	Its good for certain choice items though not extensive fully stocked market Korean market...still way better Korean stock than general Asian markets provided (at least until Greenland opened and that is much better).I can't knock it down for that since they make up with being open late! Yeah sometimes we've gotten off work late night and went to eat, but sometimes you just want a few Korean munchy items for home. Yeah, bad we're junkfood people, but we like the goooddd stuff and can't help it. I love these spicy tomato fries and white cream wafers and these honeydew melon popsicles from here.
3	It's so weird, all asian stores have that weird..... dried squid smell.anyway, me and my husband went here the other day and I said... "isn't this store new?  why does it seem so dirty?"1 star:  it's a big market with a lot of items2 stars: prices of seafood, veggie, and meats... very fresh and moderately priced3 stars:  open later then most!-otherwise, they can use some air freshners..-the staff can be a little more friendly.. they really just keep to themselves and don't really pay attention to you.. -they need to clean up!  mop the floors more?  get the junk out of the corners of shelves.. it's one of the reasons i don't even go towards the bakery section.. AND I LOVE ASIAN BAKED GOODS AND FRESH BREADS! not here i don't.i still come here.. it's huge and i can get a lot of my shopping needs met here.  it's the closest asian supermarket to us so.... it works for me.
1	People are rude. My husband is caucasion but knows all the things we like. He has gone twice and twice, the check out guy treated him poorly. Like he wasn't even there. First time, the guy just looked at him and didn't say a word. The other time, he got passed up on line!!!What is that about??
