5	I just love Barro's Pizza, and I am not just talking about this location. I have been to about 6 different locations and they stay constant which is not always the case with other places. The food is always fresh and I have never had a pizza or wings that I would have sent back to the kitchen. The breadsticks are soft and taste really good with the cheese and garlic on top of it. The pizza sauce taste great on everything including the breadsticks. The hot wings come in bone in and boneless fashion and both are just as good as the other.The Environment differs a little from location to location as far as the number for Tvs for the adults but there is always sports playing so go here to watch the game. I also love that each location has a play area for the kids and their own Tv playing cartoons or movies. It includes a play kitchen and legos. It also has a few games for them to play and pass time while the adults finish their meal. There is often specials that are sent in the mail where you can get an X-Large pizza and 24 hot wings for about 23 dollars. If you dont get the coupon just ask for the special and say you read about it on Yelp :)
4	We ordered delivery pizza for our first try of Barro's and it was good. Although for thin crust, the crispiness did not survive the drive.  I like the flavor and want to try eating in.  I am not a fan of most delivery pizza but this was good.
4	I love that this place has Gluten Free pizza.
4	Just like the pie i remember from chi town. if you want a "Chicago style pizza" this is the place for you. get the thin crust, you'll love it.
3	I enjoy Barro's - most of the ingredients are great.  We've noticed, lately, an serious issue with the thin crust - it's flaccid.  As in soggy.  Whether it's dine-in, carry-out or delivered (we've had all 3).  Today, however, I commented that I'd like "crispy" crust - and she said "well done" - the crust was crunchy like it should be - but the cheese was almost non-existent.  That argues for a cheese that is full of oil-based fillers, like cheap, generic american cheese - which would be the source of the sogginess in the pizza.  I hope it changes - can't get my husband to go there any more.
3	Went for lunch with my sister and was disappointed to see that they got rid of the salad bar and instead give you a lot of lettuce & croutons, a small amount of tomatoes and grated cheese. Overall everything was very underwhelming. I also got a slice of veggie pizza which turned out to pretty much be mushroom only, good thing I love mushrooms, oh except they were very thin, not so fresh mushrooms. The service also could have been friendlier for sure.
4	Hadn't eaten at Barro's in years but did last night.  Great surprise, can't remember why I didn't go back.  Good pizza and wings.  Will go again.  Try it, I think you will like it.
2	food is good because it's Barros but the appetizers and salads come out with the pizza... this is the third time its happened. the location in QC is waaaay better.
5	Love their pizza. We order monthly and recommend their garlic sauce for dipping. Good prices and always friendly staff
5	We had pepperoni pizza and wings last night, it was awesome!
5	I love barros. I am probably their best customer. I am there at least 3 times a week either getting a well priced beer or having my favorite pizza. I love that they actually know me when I come in. Great place and great food.
4	Great lunch specials, rivaled only by Venezia's pizza. This is however Chicago style pizza.
2	I have been going to this location since they opened.  Unfortunately, over the past several months (perhaps a newer manager) this location has gone down hill.  I took my family last week and the place was filthy.  There was garbage from previous customers all over the floor.  We were there during a slow time and rather than sweeping the floor or wiping the tables, the girls at the front counter chatted with each other.  There were open booths yet none of them were cleaned.  I asked a worker (every person who works the front counter is a young female who seems to be more interested in their social life than customer service) to wipe down the table.  She went into the kitchen to get a rag.  When she started wiping the table, the stench from the filthy rag almost made me have to leave.  I could not believe she wiped my table with such a soiled rag without noticing the stench.  Unbelievable.  I will not go back until the manager decides to start managing the place.  If Barro's actually reads these reviews, I hope they find a manager that puts customers ahead of his desire to hire cute "help".
1	Horrible experience every time I come in. Always a 5-10 min wait for a slice of pizza and never have any pizza ready. Any other Barros has pizza ready for people in a hurry which I was. Food is good but this location needs some better management.
2	Have used this barros location in the past (roughly 1 year ago with positive results.  Went back tonight and picked up an order to go for a large pizza and hot wings.  The pizza was pretty good but the wings had almost no sauce. The place looked pretty busy but I won't go back for wings anytime soon
