5	I love New Look for a few reasons; their reasonably priced shoes, up to date fashionYes they have lots of tacky, low quality crap, but they are reliable and if i need a new top/shoes/dress then i can always find what i'm after. So when this new shop opened recently i was a very happy bunny, but also very worried as it is a five minute walk from my office. The shop itself is great, set over two floors they have everything i need. The staff are super friendly, but not in a fake way. They genuinely seem like they want to help me and have a chat with me. I love this. However, i'm not so keen on the greeter at the door. I either find it intimidating or off putting to have someone in your face as you walk n the door, this does seem a tad forced and fake.Overall, this is a great edition to Princes Street. New Look might not be everyone's cup of tea, but they do exactly what they say on the tin. Fun, affordable fashion with the staff to match.
4	living in the UK for over 7 years now, i will admit New Look is somewhat of a staple for me when it comes to clothes and shoe shopping.  there used to only be one option on princes street, in the wee spilt level shop in prince street mall which was great.  but then about a year ago a massive new shiny shop opened up on the west end of princes street and it almost felt like my shopping life was complete.yes, New Look does have some cheap tarty items aimed toward a younger crowd than me, but it's also good for staple pieces and shoes!!  i find that New Look is great for cute dresses that i can wear to work or to meet friends for lunch or a few drinks.  they also have a fantastic assortment of cardigans of all lengths and styles that are great for wearing with jeans, dresses, or leggings.the best part of this New Look though has to be the shoe area.  it's huge!!!  and just loads and loads of shoes to choose from.  boots, flats, heels, super high heels, any type of shoe that one will probably ever need.  best part is they are usually pretty good quality and for not loads of money.i'm also clearly a fan of the accessories!  i can't help but have a look at the necklaces and scarves when i'm in here and usually leave with something new and sparkly to wear soon.  this shop is definitely great and a great place to shop!  the only downfall is that the queue at the tills often takes ages to move.
3	Really good sized store, however I was very disappointed to find after walking the whole way up Princes Street to go to New Look they no longer stocked Inspire even though they still have signs up to say they do! I was referred to the shop in Princes street mall where apparently they do have it still.  Good choice though if you aren't plus sized.
