1	Ron's appliances was sent to my home to do a warranty repair on a ice maker for a new LG refrigerator. When Ron 1st arrived, he was nice and seemed to know exactly what the problem was. We needed a new ice maker. Our new LG dryer was also making noise and he took a quick look. He said that needed new wheels inside. He was going to order all the needed parts and call when everything came in. A few days later, his assistant called saying everything was in and to make an appointment to repair the dryer and ice maker. On the day of service, she called saying that they only now checked and only 1 of the needed 4 wheels were in the box. Since all 4 were needed she asked if they could cancel the service and come when the rest of the wheels were in. She told me that if they had to come twice, LG would only pay them for 1 call. I told them it would be fine. I was told that the parts would be in on Monday...it was now Thursday. Monday, no call...Tuesday, no call, Wednesday, still no call. FINALLY on Thursday, after calling and leaving a message I was called and told that Monday all will be fixed. Monday morning came and another call from the assistant. I'm now told that Ron is sick and won't be there. "Let's reschedule for Tuesday" I had no choice but to agree. Tuesday morning comes and you guessed it, another call. Ron is still sick but he'll try to get there between 3 and 5 anyway. I tell the assistant that if this time the work isn't done as promised, I will be calling LG with a complaint. I felt I was waiting long enough and put off enough times by this point. At 5, no one came so I call again. This time Ron himself calls me and now tells me that his assistant didn't like being told that LG would be notified if he didn't come and he would not be fixing my appliances after all. That was right after he told me that he knew I was a liar and he knew what kind of person I was. I'm still trying to figure out where that one came from. You just have to imagine how LG took the news of their authorized representative's behavior. I did file a formal complaint with them and hope they never send this person to repair their products again.If you EVER need any repair work done, you'd be better living without than having someone like Ron and his assistant. In all my years I have never been treated as poorly, as lied to as often or ever dealt with anyone so customer unfriendly as Ron.
1	HE'D GET ZERO STARS IF YELP WAS SET UP THIS WAY!I had the SAME PROBLEM as previous customer!  RON is UNRELIABLE!SOMETHING IS NOT RIGHT WITH THIS GUY!TUES 7-10-12Ron comes across as very nice over the phone.  Talks very spiritually.I advised him LG cust. service said need motor for washer+2 corresponding parts.We make appointment for him to come out to "look at it".THURS 7-12-12He calls to reschedule.MON 7-16-12He comes to check, pushes the buttons for machine to light up & then said: "It's your Stator" (motor).  HE NEVER OPERATED THE MACHINE TO CONFIRM THAT IT WOULDN'T SPIN.  I could have done what he did and told him over the phone. Ron says he has part at home and will come back next day.TUES 7-17He Cancels. Sets appointment for next day for 12:30.WED 7-18He doesn't show, so at 1:45 I call him and he is at HOME. Tells me:  "I can't be locked into time frames". Re-set for today (Weds,July 19, 2012) between 8-9amTHURS 7-19He calls at 8:03 to move to Friday.  He had the NERVE to say that he had another customer in my area scheduled for Friday, and he didn't want to drive ALL THE WAY ACROSS THE VALLEY for just one customer!!!!  He then got mad at me for not being available at his proposed time and not wanting to reschedule.  He said:  "FIND SOMEONE ELSE TO FIX IT" and he HUNG UP THE PHONE IN MY FACE!!!LG is just as bad.  Called to report and you have to pull teeth to get these guys to even ACT like they are going to follow-up. They offer NOTHING to compensate the customer for such horrible service from THEIR OWN AUTHORISED SERVICE TECHNICIAN!!!!!DON'T USE RON's SOUTHWEST APPLIANCES FOR ANYTHINGDON'T BUY LG PRODUCTS.  Their customer service only services their customers under warranty.  LBLas Vegas, NV.FORMER loyal LG customer(cell, washer, dryer, tv all LG....but will be changing that!)
1	This company does NOT even deserve one star.  Horrible!  I needed warrenty work on an LG refrigerator.  I called this company on 9/25, 9/27 and 10/1 with no return call. Finally spoke to someone on 10/3 and set up an appt for that afternoon.  I took off work early and they called at 5pm to tell me the tech was running late and they would have to cancel. Don't use this company!!!!
1	ZERO STARS This guy sucks.... Not professional very rude and not reliable made an appointment and I called 4 hours after the time he said and he's not man enough to answer his phone. This guy is not worth your time or effort better off on your own.
