4	Stuck in Vegas for four extra days due to our flight being canceled by a snowstorm? How about a trip to the laundromat?We washed and dried all of our clothes for 7.50 which included soap and dryer sheets. By the way, you can get FREE soap, which I completely didn't know despite the numerous free soap signs all over the place.It was very clean and there were lots of machines open. The capacity on the $4 washer was 40lbs... way more than enough. I believe the prices go according to the lbs, so $2.00 for 20lbs and $6 for 60lbs. Dryers are 25 cents per 5 minutes, which makes it about $2.50 to dry for 50 minutes.Also, these dryers (unlike the ones we have back in Providence) don't make your clothes smell like they're burning, which is always nice.Definitely recommend. Their free wifi is awesome and there's a Subway next door and a mall across the street.Oh, and they have a tailor too.
4	This place is fast. Same day service; washed and folded perfectly. Open 24 hours. And it's cheap. I didn't use the self-service portion because I'm lazy.
4	The good: Any laundromat where you can play an ol' school ms pac man arcade machine while waiting for laundry is kick a$$. A nice gentleman working here helped me out when I was reading loading instructions. I guess I looked confused. Clean place, free WiFi, free soap if needed. 24 hour Walgreens right down the street to buy suds n bubbles. If playing ms pac man is not enough, you have your choice of a dive bar named "champagnes" or a subway while waiting.The scene: I got to talk to some interesting characters while there. One guy, maybe 90 yrs old wearing a hospital bracelet (i think they just kicked him out), said he knew me. Showed me a silver ring with a stone inlay wrapped up in a napkin. He offered it to me. Not sure if he wanted money, but he told me to take it. It might have been worth $1 million dollars, but I told him he should hang on to it. N than there was a gentleman that wanted to tell me he could smell my exhaust, and I might need a tune-up. I explained to him that my car was highly modified and I needed to re-map the computer. He actually understood.  Even though I suspected that he and his traveling can collector had not owned a car in some time, it was nice to meet another car enthusiast. What looked like to be a prostitute sat down on the stone wall. Maybe looking for some high rollers at the laundromat at 3am. I did not talk to her.The bad: If you have a lowered car, do not use the side street entrance/exit. I lost some more fiberglass/paint :(
1	This place sux for dry cleaning. They ruined my clothes & made me pay anyway & the db Korean mgr argued with me over paying $13 for work they screwed up.  STAY AWAY FROM THIS DUMP!
3	When you are on an 11 day work trip in Las Vegas, your clothes will need to be washed, dry cleaned, or burned to make the evidence disappear. Other than the latter, this place gets the job done. If you are comfortable in an urban (ghetto) environment, feel free to take advantage of these features.Laundry Services: It's your basic laundromat with washer and dryers of various sizes. They offer free laundry detergent. Nice. With about 8 to 10 quarters, I did a full load of sweaty t-shirts, stinky dress socks, and dirty underwear. Super nice.If you need some change, they have a change machine, a service attendant, and a therapist on site. Kidding on the latter.Dry Cleaning Services: They have a back room that can do dry cleaning, alterations, and basic fixes such as buttons. It looks shady, but they have a good system in place to track your order. But they do charge $3.50 per dress shirt. And here I thought I would never need to use my rape whistle. Extras: This place has some basic seating, arcades, and big screen TVs. I was able to do my laundry, drop off some dry cleaning, play Street Fighter II, and watch some NFL playoff games. Good times.In the end, I love the flexible hours, free detergent, and extra entertainment options. But I have to deduct a star because of the super high prices on dry cleaning. I guess Las Vegas will always find a way to rob you with a smile.Blah.
4	This is the only laudromat that I've used in Las Vegas, so I don't have any comparisons here, but I was happy with our choice. We have a water-efficient front-loader at home, but I wanted to use an old-fashioned, top-loading, heavy-water user to wash our dogs' towels and blankets, some small throw rugs, and some extra large comforters. We picked this laundromat because the prices seemed good and it's open 24 hours. I was impressed that on this very hot evening (the day's high was 111), the laundromat was well air-conditioned. The laudromat seems to have a steady stream of business, but we didn't have any trouble getting a machine (we were there from 7 pm - 9 pm on a Thursday night). The 13# top-loader cost $1.75/load.  The 40# front-loader cost $4.00/load.  The regular dryers were 25-cents for 10 minutes. The oversized dryers were 25-cents for 7 minutes.  There's plenty of counter space for folding laundry, ample lot and street parking, a large (loud) tv, free wifi (which I didn't use), helpful staff, and free laundry detergent (a huge plus for visitors). Can't imagine what else anyone would need.
4	Don't be fooled by the surrounding neighborhood. It may not be placed in the best area of town, but its service is impeccable.Earlier today, my washing machine broke and lead a flood throughout my apartment. It's being fixed, but I still had a bunch of damp clothes that needed to be washed and dried. I used my iPhone Maps App to find a nearby laundromat and this place was less than a mile away with several great reviews. Since I had no choice, I prepared to make a trip out here and decided to bring my comforter too.Walking in, a fellow patron was nice enough to help me keep the door open (that was really nice).  I began to load my stuff into the closest washing machine to me. The person who worked there stopped me and suggested I use a bigger one which was of more value (that was awesome). I then unpack my study stuff on one of the big blue folding desks and the same employee walked over to into the free wifi password in for me (without me inquiring first)! If you like TV, there are also two giant screen HDTVs that play NCIS. If you get hungry, there is an awesome Subway across the road (literally steps away).I've been to laundromats before, but I seriously have never thought that any laundromat would ever have customer service!I'm very pleased and feel like this place turned my broken washing machine/flooded apartment situation into a good day.Also.. there is a small arcade... just like when I was a child...
4	Like the other reviewers have said, don't let the location fool you! It may not be the best of neighborhoods but it is worth it! The helpfulness of the attendants is an extremely nice touch! They helped me work the change machine when it was giving me trouble, recommended machines that would be best for my loads and to save me money, without me even asking! Plenty of TVs and WiFi! They also offer tailoring. All and all, it is the attendants that sold me on this place, customer service is a lost art .. I really appreciated it here when I was a little sketched out at first! Side note, I could not give out the 5th star because a few machines were broken down and one leaked while I was there, again the attendants were on top of it, but still in that department they could improve a bit.
5	After being in Vegas for two weeks, I needed to find a laundromat. Finding one was a bit difficult.. I called a few of the local listings and out of the ones I called, two were out of business. So I asked the taxi line guy for help, and he steered the taxi to another out of business laundromat. Just my luck, right? Luckily 24 Hours Laundromat popped up on my phone, and I had the taxi drive there. It's not the most convenient place, but it's not really too far off the strip. Maybe a $13-$15 cab ride. Make sure to have the number for a cab on your way back or have the driver wait for you if you're dropping off. It's not the best area. I asked if I can drop off my laundry and thankfully they said yes. Even better, I asked if they can drop it off at my hotel and they said yes. Double score! They weigh the laundry by pound - I think $1 a pound? So it was really reasonable for a big bag of clothes. I forgot how much extra he charged for dropping it off, but it was super reasonable and was less than what my cab costed me to get there. The manager said he will call me when he is in the lobby of my hotel and that it would be ready in a few hours. Right on time, I received a call and my fresh laundered and folded neatly bag of clean clothes. I will continue using this laundromat during my Vegas visits!
5	Awesome laundromat! My boyfriend and I have lived out here in Vegas for about three months now, and we so happened to find this cool 24 hour laundromat, not too far from home.Cons -Beggers, bums, etc.. Always asking for change. Pros-Great prices to wash and dry. 24 hours Free soapWifiChange machineChairsFolding stations Laundry cartsLarge washers and dryersTelevisions  Management keeps this laundromat pretty clean! Thanks
4	Truthfully I was unsure coming here to do my laundry because the stores on this side of Maryland are a little rough on the edges.  However I had nothing to worry about!  They have plenty of machines, free wifi and the staff was very friendly.  One of the workers kept asking me questions which allowed the time to go by sooner.  They also have signs all around that say "Have a question? Feel free to ask".Even though the building itself is old, they do clean the folding tables often and I felt safe the entire time.The parking lot is small so you may have to park at the Subway strip mall next door.
4	Been in vegas for a week and didnt want to do laundry when I got home so we came here...not too shabby..very clean and the owner was very nice.
5	i did pickup and delivery from a hotel on the strip and they were fantastic!
5	Dropped off clothes for wash and fold in the afternoon and it was ready a few hours later.   Good service and they even put my shirts on hangars which was nice.
4	I took my blankets & sheets in to wash myself. The place is clean & there was an attendant on hand. Can't really ask for more
4	Came here during the day because I needed some large blankets to be washed. Did the whole self service thing. Machines are the basic ones you would find anywhere else. Nothing fancy. The offer free wifi and free soap although I did bring my own soap. I would ask at the customer service window about the soap. There was a small sink and some paper towels if you needed it. It's tucked away in a little part of the place. Laundry carts are available for use. There is free wifi and tv to help pass the time. If you're hungry, there's a 24 hour subway right across the way.
4	Saturday morning and still on the road for another week. It's laundry time. Easy access and Very clean. The nice attendant told me that they also do fluff  and fold for $1.50 a pound. Plenty of machines, wifi, change machine, soap products, TV's, A/C, ceiling fans, carts, folding tables, seating etc. Oh, and if you're a trucker, this place is on the corner and plenty of bobtail parking on the street. I'll be back!
