5	I'm going to go ahead and give this little place five stars because although it may seem overpriced for an 'order at the counter' place, the food quality is just as good as what you'd get at regular restaurant, just faster.also, they have an entire menu of gluten-free items, or you can even say I'd like the Chicken Salad Spring Wrap gluten-free, and they know what you're talki ng about. Plus they have wine, and probably beer. AND i like their pad thai noodles and i even like the way they prepare their tofu, as george orwell would say, "double plus good."
5	Why would anyone ever go to PF Changs again?Honestly.Same food.  Consistent quality.  Clean, quick, cheap.... what more can you ask for?!
4	Place rocks!It IS a bit more $$ then ur usual Asian joint but its really good and portions are rather large. You do order your food yourself at the counter, get your number and find yourself a seat you like. I do not see anything wrong with that, do you? No longer then a few minutes they bring out your food to your table. And ... Yummm.. Yummm its good.Good lil' joint."I like"Eugene
4	I struggle with giving them 4 stars... not sure why.  Maybe it is the whole corporate entity thing.  I am a fan of local restaurants.  So what brought me here was a team lunch with my coworkers.  I had the Mongolian beef with brown rice... this was pretty tasty my only complaint would be that some of the pieces of beef were kind of fatty.  Everyone on my team seemed to enjoy their food.  So I would say for some quick Asian inspired food in a nice environment this would be a good option.  But if you are looking for something a little more impressive I would stick to locally owned restaurants and avoid the chains.
5	A separate gluten-free menu always wins me over. What's more, the food (spicy chicken) was really delicious, which is somewhat unexpected for GF. The sauce was based on sweet and sour and was just the right amount of spicy.More choices involving the use of GF soy sauce (it's out there) would have me eating there more often. The dishes on the GF menu are limited, but at least they have some, I guess, so I'm thankful; it's a start.
5	If you are in the mood for Asian cuisine, this is the place.  This restaurant is located within a half mile of where I live, so I always order food to go.  The staff is excellent, the food is very, very good, and the pick up window is usually fast (sometimes they get very busy and you have a bit of a wait).  They also have what they call "curbside delivery", which means you can drive up to the south side of the building near the take out door, and stay in your vehicle.  They will come to you. Try the hot and sour soup, it's the best. Several of their dishes are made with hot spices, which I love, so if you are calling in and order and don't like your food spicey, be sure to let them know.  Pei Wei is a less expensive chain associated with P.F. Chaing's China Bistro.
3	I've talked about the concept of "vaguely Asian" in other reviews, but seeing as how they're for places a continent away, I'll honor you desert-dwellers with a phenomenon my fellow Atlantans suffer through on a nigh weekly basis: the Crazy Ivan.Back to "Vaguely Asian," it can apply to many things: food, restaurants, movies, Olivia Munn on "Attack of the Show." Mostly it's the practice of mixing up benign stereotypes in a way that satisfies one's notion of location or expectations while not actually being accurate at all.  For example, I've eaten at countless barely passable "Chinese" joints in mall food courts that, other than their liberal use of soy sauce (mostly manufactured in Southern California) are technically about as Chinese Hong Kong Phooey.  But it's just Asian ENOUGH to satisfy most people.   Now when I say "most people" I don't mean those Japanophiles or Sinophiles or anybody with enough yellow fever that they get all huffy when you include Kurosawa in with Woo or any other of the Hong Kong oeuvre.  Oh, and Asians too. I assume "vaguely Asian" probably isn't enough to satisfy most Asians of which I am one though only vaguely.However, Asians themselves can be faulted for this feeding into the Vaguely Asian experience.  I used to frequent, only because of its proximity to my office, a terrible Chinese place that served sushi but was run by a Vietnamese guy.   Add in a few Korean waiters and me, the Filipino customer, and it was the Pacific Rim of Crapitude.  It was as if thousands of years of pan Asian culture had been boiled down into a single crucible of misery and suck represented by rubbery lo mein and rice not fit to be given out by UNICEF. And yet curiously, I found comfort in all this. It was all so pleasantly vaguely Asian.Then again, my mother sometimes complains that I'm too American for her taste.Anyway, I knew all this when I went to Pei Wei. I didn't expect much in the way of authenticity. Actually I didn't expect ANY authenticity. I expected a lot of rice, soy sauce and ginger in odd places. I expected Vaguely Asian and, well, that's what I got. OK, it's not quite to the whitewashed level of say, a Panda Express, but I sure as hell ain't gonna find any chicken feet boiling away here.The space was nice. Nods to authenticity if not attempts to actually meet it. (Unused) woks hanging decoratively from hooks, dark woods and the obligatory chopsticks which, really, are impossible to eat with unless the rice is sticky.  The set-up is fast casual which indeed is fast, but always puts into question whether to tip or not.  Dishes range from "Thai" to "Korean" to "Chinese" and, well, they're really not any of the three, but it's good enough for government work.  I kept thinking to myself, "Man, this is like visiting a poor man's P.F. Chang's," when lo and behold, I discovered it WAS a poor man's P.F. Chang's as in, they're sister chains. Ah so, Grasshopper. In all, it wasn't HORRIBLE per se. The food was edible if not impressive. Since none of the dishes were over $10, the prices weren't that bad. The many, many, (sigh) many kids around me seem to be digging it.  The service was perky (though the cashier made me feel older than McCain's grandpa.) Finally they had Sapporro in large bottles which helped me to handle the many, many, (sigh), many kids around me.  So if your knowledge of China is less Sun Tzu and more General Tso, then you'll do fine here. I'll give it 2.5 stars and round up because, hey, I'm visiting.
2	You know, I have nothing against this location but more of an issue with the food of the place in general.Is it always so bland?  It's never that flavorful to me and I've been there like 12 times with different people and have tried different things.  My roomate loves it but I'm just not a big fan honestly.The location is clean and staff friendly and bustling but I just don't like the food.
4	I have always loved Pei Wei as I'm an asian food lover from the SF Bay Area and I definitely have a sense for what's good and what's not.  Some might question the authenticity of their food, and I'm not asian so I don't consider myself to be an authority.  I do, however, LOVE the Pad Thai with chicken and tofu and everytime I order it, I'm in heaven :)  The portion is huge, seriously enough for 2-3 meals, the flavor is excellent, it's a little greasey which adds to the texture of the rice noodles, the chicken breast pieces are more than abundant and the tofu has a fabulous texture.  The crushed peanuts, lime and cilantro create a party in my mouth!!!You just can't beat the overall quality, service and price.   It makes joints like Panda Express look embarrassing by comparison.  I like the fact that Pei Wei also rotates in new menu items (Sesame Chicken is new) and you can order brown rice as an option.
4	I yelp therefore I am.....Pei Wei, it's the Mini Me of PF Changs, the Laverne and Shirley of Happy Days, the C class Mercedes Benz of the E Class Benz... I like this place.  I can call ahead from my office and lickety split 3 and half minutes later I have perfectly seasoned, caramelized Mongolian beef and fried rice at the counter faster than you can say cat on a stick.  In a bigger hurry?  Curbside service rocks as well...  And be sure not to forget the lettuce wraps!  The only downer? They don't have someone to make the sauce at your table.... but you can't have everything.
4	Okay, so not exactly authentic, but just as good as Chang's in my opinion.   I would recommend Pei Wei if you are in the mood for Chinese and want to get something consistent.  They make their food to order, but it pretty much always tastes the same.  It's like a fast food version of P.F Chang's and cheaper.   My favorite is the Mongolian with Tofu and Veggies.  If you are ordering takeout, I would recommend calling ahead at least 25 minutes before you want to pick it up.  I have called and been told 30-45 minutes until my order was ready, because it was lunch time or behind a huge order.
4	For what Pei Wei is...I love this place.  Casual fast dining with great food at a great value.  If you've ever been to P.F. Chang's, this place is owned by the same company and offers similar fare.  Be prepared to wait during peak hours as this place always does a steady business (at all their locations).  I often call ahead and order take out.  I've had nearly everything on the menu.  The Vietnamese Salad rolls are really light and yummy.  Can't go wrong with the orange peel chicken.  Oh, and the honey seared shrimp is great too...however that one needs to be eaten at the restaurant...it's like an In & Out burger & fries...best eaten ASAP.
4	It's not authentic asian food but it's still pretty damn good.  It gets very busy there during dinner time.  I usually call ahead and pick up my order.  The best thing about that is that they have a system that recognizes your phone number and brings up your last order.  They'll ask if I want what I had my last order and it saves so much time on their part.  The Pad Thai and Lettuce Wraps are the best.  My wife usually get the Pei Wei spicy w/ chicken and brown rice. By far, it's one of the few places in AZ that I can say "it's my favorite place to go"
4	I love Pei Wei!!! The only reason I didnt give it 5 stars is that I think I love China Way (see my other review) more and its more authentic I believe. Everytime I have been to Pei wei though, I have not be disapointed. I have several favs. The honey seared chicken is amazing, as are the Pei Wei spicy beef, lettuce wraps, and Dan Dan noodles. The orange beef , pad thai, and chicken lo mein are pretty good as well but I rarely order them because I love the other dishes more. I love that you can order noodles with your entrees in place of the rice but having the option of brown rice is nice as well when I am trying to watch what I eat. Another tip if you are watching calories: you can get any main dish with the chicken steamed instead of battered and fried. Pei Wei also makes the most amazing crab wontons with the best sauce evar!!! One of my biggest pet peeves when it comes to crab wontons is when there is no crab. Hello, crab is in the name so it should be present in the dish! At Pei Wei, you can actually taste and see the crab in their wontons. Mix that with the sweet chili sauce they serve the wontons on and these are great! Don't get me wrong though, I've tried some of their other dishes that I was not a big fan of. Their thai coconut chicken was a little bland, the sweet and sour chicken is not what I look for in sweet and sour chicken (the sauce wasnt very strong), and the mongollian chicken had a strange flavor that I didnt care for. But to each his own, people have different taste. Anyways, Pei Wei is one of my favorite places to go and the prices are relatively cheap. I agree with one reviewer in why would you go to PF Changs when Pei Wei has the same food pretty much at a fraction of the price not to mention the portions are bigger.
5	Mmmm.... Friday date night with my handsome man is something I look forward to every week. And it's always Pei Wei! I feel like it's inexpensive for the delicious foods we get. (2 Kung Pao Chickens, no rice, extra vegies, steamed chicken. Crab Wontons or Pork Egg Rolls. AND 2 lemonades!) We  have never had any issues, except for the busser girl eye humping my boyfriend ;) and they are always quick!
2	Usually Pei Wei would be up there in stars and its why I gave this one 2 instead on 0!  Worst location!  They messed up my carryout after telling the guy on the phone 3 TIMES no red pepper, usually never a problem but i had that feeling he wasn't listening, you guessed it i got red pepper!  This was of course with my COLD hot n sour soup and after my longer then usual bad service wait.  Stay away from thsi location.  i was so upset i sent an email and no response, no sorry, nothing.  LAME
1	I wanted so much to like Pei Wei. I did. I went twice, getting different dishes both times. My mom raved about it, so I gave it a shot... and while I can't remember what I ate, I do recall bad stomach pains and not being able to get the taste out of my mouth for some time. And by some time, I mean I went here for dinner both times, didn't feel so hot after dinner... then felt awful the entire next day. I have to do my stomach a favor and not touch this food again.
5	Yo!I think this review will be short but sweet!Having worked in a very small family owned chinese restaurant for a long time I definately am partial to that but I can tell you the food here is very good quality for the mooooolah. I like the open concept and the menu selection while very simple is very good. My favorite is the Thai Dynamite it is yuuuummmae!
4	Pei Wei certainly is more of a "fusion" restaurant than authentic asian. That said, for fast food they have a decent menu. My own preference is the Thai Dynamite with chicken. I always ask for "extra spicy" in order to turn up the heat - but it's still not what I would call "Thai hot"!  :-)
5	Pei Wei is the originator and everyone else is an imitator! They're on point. Every time, without fail. I always know what to expect. Fast service, great food and a fair price. My only complaint is the seating. The tables are a little close and it is hard to have a conversation without the table on either side of you being a part of it. Order anything on the menu. It will be a home run!
1	I've been dining at Pei Wei locations all over the Valley for years and years. After moving to Ahwatukee from Central Phoenix a couple of years ago, this location became the closest to me. It used to be reliable and consistent but the last several times I've been, the quality has really suffered. A few months ago I ordered some take-out for my family.  After getting it home and going to eat my meal, I realized that my order was very wrong.  Now I'd become accustomed to this location forgetting things like sauces for the appetizers, napkins, soy sauce and fortune cookies (things that are supposed to be included with take-out), but my dish was inedible to me.  I called to complain, the manager was apologetic and offered that I come back and pick up a replacement OR he would send me a gift card to replace my meal.  Since I have an infant that I needed to get to bed, I opted for the gift card.A month or so went by and my husband suggested Pei Wei.  That's when I realized that I never received the replacement gift card!  We ordered and when my husband picked it up, he mentioned the issue we had the last time and they gave him a discount.  As usual, things were missing from the order (no appetizer sauce, napkins, fortune cookies, etc.) and the food was just okay.Tonight we ordered again, this time the food was just horrible.  Bland, no taste whatsoever for either of our dishes!  I ordered the new Korean BBQ with chicken (I had it before) and really liked it.  My husband had the same but with tofu and vegetables.  Neither of us thought the food was good at all.  The sauce which is normally very tasty was so bland and watery that it literally ran off of the chicken.  The 'salad' that comes with it was wilted and soggy, clearly not fresh.  And as expected, no sauce for the crab wontons, no napkins, no soy sauce & no fortune cookies.  I don't think we will be going back anytime soon - at least not to this location - they really need to get it together.  We're tired of the issues every time we eat in or get take-out from here.
4	I think Pei Wei is great. The food is always good and the location is nice enough to make you actually want to eat there. They do offer wine by the glass so it is a good place for Happy Hour or date night when you are trying to save some money (PF Changs is much nicer ambiance but basically the same food). However, most of the time we do curbside pickup which is awesome. You can also place your order online ahead of time.
5	Great selection, TONS of flavor, always hot and fresh, nice staff, great prices. In my top 3 quick restaurants (I know that sounds lame for a chain, but it's ALWAYS great quality and hot/fresh).
2	I had lunch there last Friday and they were advertising a Korean short rib lunch.   I took the bait and either they know nothing about Korean taste or they put black bean Chinese sauce on the short ribs by mistake.   It was very disappointing.
2	Hello everybody!Well I have Pei Wei on my best vegan for the money for now. I am thinking of removing them due to a very lackluster meal today. It was the usualThai Dynamite extra sauce,extra spicy, extra veggies w/brown rice.Here were the problems, and it seems it may be worse since the run in with the sherriff on the whole worker thing. I will stay out of this discussion Yelp is not the time nor place for that, nor can I say that indeed this is the issue affecting my food. First, It was not extra spicy at all. Im not scared of the heat, and I expressly said this when ordering. I was told that it isnt a problem that lots of people order extra spicy, and it would be just that. Second, it just did not seem like there were extra veggies. We order this way because we split and it gives both of us a good amount of everything. Third, the rice was very dry, and tasted old to me.Fourth, practically every table in the place was covered in dirty dishes. EW! Maybe there was a staffing issue. At least attempt to clear the tables so folks can sit down and eat. Kinda important!Review time!Curbage: -5 (virtually every table was dirty, and we should have gone across the street to Chipotle. This shows the quality of service this day)P factor: 7 (needed minor attention, no checklist today)Order waiting time: 9 (very busy but our order was taken quickly)Ambieance:2 or 3 (hard to want to eat an anticipated meal when the entire patio and dining room tables are covered in dirty dishes)Food arrival time: 9 (for as busy as it ws our food arrived fairly quickly. I noticed the runners were trying to bus tables also. I believe normally this is not the case here. I will say that this practice is very disgusting and should NEVER be practiced. Do you want your meal brought to you by someone who just bussed another dirty table without washing thier hands before touching your plate. i know i dont.)Food taste: 8 (even though the rice was very dry and there seemed to be not enough veggies, and it just was not spicy, the flavor was good)Overall: 5 Today i am on the fence. Im thinking they were just having a bad day. I like Pei Wei. Until next timeLate!Gordo
5	I really enjoy the GF Spicy Chicken with brown rice.  It's nice because the price is good and my husband tries to steal my chicken so you know it's good!
3	Why is it that when i arrive here my eyes become far more bigger than my stomach?Awesome pot-stickers and lettuce wraps.Really good service, very friendly and most accommodating.Comfortable atmosphere.Kind of a cluster in getting your own drink and makes me wonder if i still have to tip or not.
3	I hadn't been to a Pei Wei in years, but I wanted to try it out again.  I love their decor, atmosphere, food, and drink choices.  I wish I could come here more often.  It didn't help to find a roach running around the floor, but when I told an employee, he quickly took care of the pest.
4	Fast, delicious, and cheap. Is this going to be the best Chinese food you've ever had? I doubt it, but in terms of the "fast food" Chinese category it's far superior to Panda Express and various copycats. And with a menu that expands surprisingly often there is bound to be something new to try. The kung pao and honey seared chicken are both mighty nice.
5	The food was incredible. The wait was about 20 minutes at 6pm on a Friday night. They have this cool fountain drink machine that has all kinds of flavors of your favorite pop. Even raspberry diet coke!!! The manager was very helpful at finding us a place to sit as soon as it became available. For how busy they were, they didn't seem frazzled or rushed and everything seemed under control. Well managed place.
4	This place was starting to go downhill for a while but I didn't have the heart to take away a star. However, after a dine-in visit last Sunday, I can see they are back on course. The restaurant was clean and tidy and the condiment/utensils area was well stocked. The service was very friendly and quick. Someone even came running over to us with a bag after noticing me trying to juggle the takeout boxes wih our leftovers in them. Now if only they would bring back the curbside pickup!
2	Pork egg rolls have about as much pork as the vegetable spring rolls...not much.  Nothing like the advertisement.
2	The food is pretty good, but the service not so much. I placed a takeout order online, arrived to pick it up as scheduled, paid for it, and stood there waiting 10 minutes with 4 or 5 other people - while the people behind the counter didn't even bother to look for my order, which (as it turns out) was sitting right there on the shelf in plain sight. Wtf?
1	I went around lunch time and it was pretty busy. My husband went to wait in line while I went to find a table (this is a seat yourself restaurant). I am 8 months pregnant and was holding my upset 2 year old. I waited patiently for people to leave a table and then, completely exhausted, sat down with my son. The manager told me I had to get up and wait longer because there were others waiting in front of me. I understand that there are others waiting, but sometimes common courtesy should trump order. Especially when it is seat yourself, and you're telling a super pregnant woman she has to get up with her toddler. Shame on that manager. The food wasn't worth it. I would have left but my son was starving. All the meat tastes chewy like it has a layer of fat around each bite. I'm never going back.
2	Um. . .No.  Honestly, I'm in a major snit about this place.  I expected something a LOT better than what we found here.  Things seemed pretty good to start--food looked tasty.  Didn't take long for problems to begin showing up:  First off, my wife's lo-mein was pretty darned lo.  The first time she went here several days ago, they used the normal wide noodle that you would usually find in lo-mein.  This time, they used round noodles.  Were they Chinese chow mein noodles?  No, they were vermicelli.  Yes, I'm being a bit picky there, but I'm just getting started.  My wife ordered the lo-mein with no garlic, onions, or shallots.  The problem was, they left out most of the other vegetables as well when the bowl came to the table.  There was the occasional carrot or broccoli sliver, but very few veggies at all.  I called the waiter over to the table and informed him of the situation.  My wife told him that she just wanted to get a bowl of extra veggies to add to the lo-mein.  He took away the lo-mein that she had and said that he would be back shortly.  When he returned, he came back with two bowls--one had the vegetables she asked for, and the other was a brand new bowl of lo-mein with tofu and noodles ONLY.  Uh, what the f*ck?  Why replace the noodles she had with this and then send in a separate bowl of veggies?  Why not either give my wife back her old bowl along with the veggies or just mix up a whole new batch with the veggies?  Major issues here--even what she got after all that wasn't very good tasting.  My wife had to add soy sauce for extra flavor, and the vegetables weren't fresh--they obviously tasted like they were frozen before they were put into the wok.My food wasn't much better in terms of quality.  I had the vegetable and tofu fried rice.  There was no issue with the quantity of veggies, but they too were of the "from your grocer's freezer" variety.  The rice was chalky and undercooked, and I also had to add soy sauce--it didn't do much to improve the flavor.Our spring rolls were also inferior, and even the fortunes in the fortune cookies were as superficial and vapid as the food we ate.  I liked the friendly table service, and the soda machine that allowed you to flavor the soft drinks any way you like was cool.  This is what made this review two stars instead of one.  But, would I recommend Pei Wei to anyone?  No wei.  If you want a REAL Asian diner, go to Tott's Asian Diner at Ray and McClintock.  Now THAT'S fresh food, and a world of difference over Pei Wei.  Even Panda Express is better than this place.
3	We like this place, and we frequent it a couple times a month.   However, it's really a tale of two restaurants.  On the one hand, if you go there and dine in, you will be greeted warmly, treated nicely, your order of decent, original Asian food will be delivered accurately, and it'll be hot.  4 stars.   On the other hand, if you call an order in for pickup, if you're not a big fan of playing the game called  "how many different ways will my order be wrong THIS time?", or you're not one of those people who's just a sucker for service with a scowl at curbside, you'll come away disappointed.  Every.  Single.  Time.   2 stars, only because the food is still decent even if you have no idea what you got.   Average of the two restaurants in one:  3 stars.
5	I love Pei Wei and have been going to them for years now and always order the same thing with an occasional try of different dishes being offered but 99% of the time, I order my favorite, Mongolian Beef spicy, extra mushrooms no scallions with white rice. I especially love that they have my # saved or something in their system as when I'd call in for a pick up, they always ask if I'd like the same thing and already have what I want in their system. Kids meal is very reasonably priced too and my daughter loves their chow mein noodle and my son loves the honey chicken. Another thing that's great is that they have these chopstick helpers/buddies if you ask for it (complimentary) as my kids can feel like they're using the chopsticks on their own.  Though there's been a very few time where they've messed up my order (when I order something new usually), they would fix it if brought to their attention and the food is always great at this specific restaurant. Reason I said this location is because I've had 1 incident in San Diego at a different Pei Wei where the cook apparently didnt know how to make it or something as I literally got a mongolian beef soup instead of a stir fry dish as half the dish was liquid. I took a picture of it as I couldnt believe it and meant to write them asking about it but we were on our vacation so I left it alone and didnt bother to report it. But as for this place, I LOVE it and will continue to drive my 35 mins to get to it pretty much whenever I'm up in town, I'll stop in for lunch or on my way home.
3	Great choise for fast food
5	Free Thai Mango Chicken
5	Typical Pei Wei. Kick ass food, hostess gives me a funny look when I order (in all fairness my order is quite odd), and a killer Coke machine. Keeps us coming back again and again.
5	Always good food for a fair price.Place is clean and everybody is courteous.The place is always packed so they must be doing something right.The crab wontons are amaaazing!!I highly recommend this place...
4	This place is quite good. I'm a super fan of their Mongolian Steak. The price is really decent and it's a great spot for lunch. You can order online and they'll let you know when it will be done. Huge time saver when you're on your lunch hour. The soda machine brings my dreams to life with their cherry-vanilla Dr. Pepper. Their chocolate chip cookies are pretty good too. If you come during lunch time, this place gets pretty packed and seating may be a problem. Staff is friendly and I have not had a problem at all at this place. Will be coming back!
4	Great Lunch or Dinner spot! The restaurant is clean, organized & at a great location. The food is excellent and the staff very friendly and helpful. I love their Online ordering option for pick up! If you go around lunch, the line can be insanely long BUT on the plus side- instead of having customers fend for themselves waiting for an open table, they have a seating/clean up system set up that I find impressive!  That's what I call customer service!! I recommend sitting out on the patio if weather permits.When getting your drinks- be sure to check out their fancy soda machine! = )  This may be silly but I especially love that they offer orange slices, as well as lemon slices for your water! Not many places have that so that makes me super happy! :D Also- I can't be the only one who's impressed with how sturdy and nice their napkins are? No cheap, flimsy napkins here! FOOD time! HmMmmm..  Here are a few things I will order repeatedly: If you want something lighter, I suggest the Traditional Chicken Lettuce Wraps (they have a lot of other lettuce wraps options now), I like their Hot & Sour Soup & Crab Wontons. For a noodle dish, my favorite is probably Chicken Pad Thai. Be sure to add some of the chili paste in there for a bit more kick! Their fried rice is yummy if you want something "basic". From their Signature dishes, I enjoy Caramel Chicken, Mongolian Beef & Orange Peel Chicken. For those of you who must eat Gluten-Free- they got you covered!!  I would definitely recommend this place if you haven't tried it! Enjoy!
4	I came here after a day of running around town, and suddenly realized I was STARVING! A friend and I ordered the egg rolls, and crab wontons. I love the wontons. Those babies were stuffed mainly cream cheese but u could really taste all the ingredients. I had the Mongolian beef, which was good, but left me grabbing bottles of water all day/night! My friend ordered the Thai dynamite, which I really like!! It didn't seem as salty to me, and tasted soo good with chicken. I had a box full  of Mongolian to take home which I'll douse with more Sriracha + habanero's tomorrow! They have an email club with awesome offers, + fast friendly service. P.F. For sit down(relax)  , pei Wei for fast food asian. See u soon pei Wei!
4	Pei Wei is delicious! This location always has great service even when they are very busy. I recently had an order of the crab wontons and the Korean beef lettuce wraps and both were fantastic. I have always had good experiences here. The garlic sriacha that they have in the little jars is also great and a must have if you like spicy. They do have a pick a bunch of flavors coke machine so that is always good. The wait can sometimes be around 15 minutes during the lunch or dinner rush but it is well worth it. The price is around $12 for an average lunch with a drink but it is a great quality meal for the price. Overall, great! I will be back!
1	Terrible service waited for 20 minutes to receive my food.... getting my brother a refill and asked for a water cup the manager accused me of stealing a fountain beverage because I was refilling my brothers drink BEYOND the word of ridiculous and then he verified with multiple cashiers and told them to add the drink to my sisters bill who was order so RUDE finally to add insult to injury he came by the table to make sure I was drinking water!!!!! While all this was happening there was a guy eating a large plate of sliced oranges that are intended for the ice tea NEVER AGAIN WILL I RETURN!!!!
5	Really good food!Pei Wei is a little pricy, but the food is really good and different from almost anything else in the area. They have a lot of Chinese/Japanese fusion-style cuisine, and it is made fresh to order. The dining room is also very spacious and comfortable, and the portions are large enough to share if you want. Overall, I definitely recommend it!
5	In town for business and craving for Pei Wei. As always the food does not disappoint . Tasted just as good as back home. This location gets extremely busy so be prepared to wait in line when coming during peak hours.
4	I absolutely love the PFChang's-style food at PeiWei! The staff is efficient, friendly, and knowledgeable. I always recommend PeiWei to friends and family and we have nothing but praise!
5	They made a small mistake on our order for which they went above and beyond to fix it. It was more than necessary and unexpected. The Kung pow chicken is great!
5	Great menus selection. Nice people. Had A lunch meeting. Very professional. Clean restrooms   Staff nice.
3	I always seem to enjoy Pei Wei,  but never enough to want to go back right away.  I'm not exactly sure what it is as the food is decent enough.  It might be the big fat pea pods they use.  I prefer the flatter & sweeter snow pea to what they use.  If you haven't tried it give it a shot, most people seem to really like it.
5	Food is really fresh and good. We have been coming here as a family for many years as it is a great way to get the kids to eat vegetables.Menu changes periodically to keep things fresh and new. My personal favorite is Pad Thai noodles with vegetables. The chicken lettuce wraps are similar to Parent company, PF Chang's.
5	Good good food !!!! Always hot and fresh ! Lettuce wraps are a must. Great service and great tasty food makes this one of our favorite places.
2	Have eaten here hundreds of times, with mostly solid results. But had to comment on our latest visit, as we do not want this place to go downhill--and we see signs of precisely that happening.After ordering at the register as we usually do, we turned to find a seat, only to discover that we wished that we'd looked at the dining room before paying. The place was a disaster. A few diners were still eating, and surrounding them were cluttered tables. Literally every single one of the "empty" tables were strewn with the food scrap laden plates of completed meals. The sight was gross.We returned immediately to the register, called attention to the disgusting spectacle in the dining room, and asked to have our money refunded. Our VISA card was promptly credited, with no attempt to remedy the problem and absolutely no hint of apology.We hope that this is not the beginning of a trend.
5	The problem that I have with this place is not the food or the workers. It is the other diners that come in here. Multiple times I have sat in this establishment and watched as countless entitled, privileged, smug suburbanites come in and act like they're the freaking Kardashians, making ridiculous demands of the servers, running the poor kids who work there around to get them things they easily could have gotten themselves before sitting down, only to leave my food sitting there getting cold. It cracks me up to see some of these Chandler/ Ahwatukee Douchebags come in with their heads so firmly inserted in their rear ends. PEI WEI IS NOT PF CHANG's. Though it is owned by the same company, they are two different styles of restaurant. Pei Wei is essentially the fast food version of Chang's. So if you in fact, ARE a Kardashian  floating above the rest of humanity and want someone to wait on your every beck and call, maybe you should go to PF Chang's. And if the people at Pei Wei are running themselves ragged to take care of you, maybe it wouldn't hurt to leave them a buck or two in appreciation when you leave since I'm sure that they aren't making much more than minimum wage. Maybe if you did this, the place wouldn't be "going downhill" as I've seen some of these people claim....Because after all, who wants to clean up the three tables that you and your five kids just destroyed for minimum wage?
1	We got take out like we normally do and the manager rudely said everything was in the bag. Come to find out when we got home it wasn't. When we called he was even more rude and said he was still right. Well you weren't.
5	Today, they lost our order, and I was extremely impressed how the staff and managers handled it.  Since my children had to wait almost 30 minutes for dinner, they comped our meal.  People and companies often make mistakes, but how you handle your mistakes is what counts.  They handled the situation correctly and apologized immediately.
4	Haven't dined in at this location yet, only gotten take out. I've always gotten the same thing (pad Thai) and have not been disappointed at any location. Food is usually ready in the time frame they give you. Hot and sour soup is delicious too
