5	My family and I have been getting our cars maintenanced here for years, mainly oil changes and the like.Family-run operation, honest.  They don't try to con you into buying anything you don't need.
5	Drove a van down from Washington, and had the engine light come on.  By the time I got to Ketchum's it was off, but they hooked the computer up and told me they couldn't be sure but to bring it back if it came on again..  I later went back and it was what they thought it was, and they repaired it.  They were really friendly and attentive.  They were able to get the car in immediately, and would have driven me home if I wouldn't have waited.It is family run, and not part of a big chain, so they value their reputation, and are proud of the length of time they have been in business.
5	I have been meaning to write a review for Ketchum's for about six months--I can't believe I forgot!  I received amazing service here.  I won't go into all the details, but they were not only honest but completely went out of their way to help me avoid getting ripped off by a dealer.  They can seem a little gruff when you first walk in, but they are a really solid business and they want the best quality and safest car repair for everyone.
5	By FAR the best auto shop I've ever experienced.  This family-owned business is forthright about everything they do.  If there is something wrong with your car they will not only fix it they will provide you with the information necessary if there are other car issues related to the problem.  If there are no other problems, they don't try to scare you into additional services.  I am a single woman and have been going to this shop exclusively for 5 years now and will go no where else!!!!  You can trust your vehicle to Ketchums!  They always feel like an extended family to me.
5	Found this place through Yelp.  It is a great place with honest employees that don't try to up sell you on everything.  I used to go to a neighboring auto repair shop where they would always tell me I needed more than I really did or up sell on everything (that's the problem with the chain auto shops).  I have had nothing but great service there.  I even sent my father-in-law there who has a luxury car and they were able to help him and not charge him a higher price because of the type of car.  At this point I don't plan on going to any other shop and highly recommend Ketchum's.  I can only rate this place as 5 stars.
3	changed the star rating - the owner is much nicer in person and tried to help us out but he needs to work on building trust and relationships with the customers.My experience at beginning of week was not as great.For starters - i will NEVER go back here!! Not sure how the others who gave them 5 stars had a better experience than I, but I have lived in Michigan, Florida, and here and this place had the worst service i have ever experienced!I had looked up reviews for car service places to avoid going to a dealership and found Ketchum and their "rave" reviews - which was perfect because they are right around the corner from my work.  My car was overdue for an oil change and my car battery light came on (which was odd since i had just gotten a new battery 2 months ago).  I took my car to Ketchum and they said they would take a look.They called my fiancee b/c they couldn't get a hold of me to let him know what was wrong and were very rude to him on the phone (apologizing later that they are "upfront").  They said my alternator needed repair so they went ahead and fixed it.  They also needed to take my brand new battery out of the car b/c it had died! Not sure how that would happen but Ketchum wanted to charge me for a new battery!  I told them no way - i had gotten it at O'Reilly's and they would replace it for free!  But he claimed he had to take it out and charge it then - which they charged me for!! After it was all "fixed" i drove away and turned the AC on and it was blowing only hot air! Before i took it to Ketchum it was always cold on the lowest fan setting and i was being blasted with hot air (in 110 degree AZ heat).I turned around and took it right back.  At first their response was "we may have just connected it wrong" - a mechanic can't connect it correctly?!  So i waited.  About 15 minutes later, i was told my compressor was broken.  Seriously?! It was completely fine before i took my car to them. I had them keep it overnight since they were closing soon and i didn't want to drive home with hot air blowing on me.  The next day they let my fiancee know that they had called a Jeep Dealership and some AC repair places to figure out how to fix my car - since apparently a car mechanic shop couldn't fix it on their own!!A while later, i got a call that my car was ready - and that it was a computer error.  My car needed to reboot itself (and not that they had no idea what was wrong and then it started working).  What sucks most is now i need to have the AC on full blast to have it feel cold (when before they touched my car, it was very cold on the lowest setting) :(When i went to pick up the car, the wife (owner), i assumed, was standing near the counter staring at a computer and NEVER once acknowledged me - so i stood at the counter and waited about 5 minutes before someone came to help me!!  Good job owner - what great customer service!! For all the hassle, they gave me $10 in gas (even though i took it in and it was above the 1/4 tank line and when i saw it the previous afternoon driving with the hot air blowing it was almost on the E - so they should have refilled my gas anyways!!).  But that was their "here you go for all the troubles" gift.Would not recommend to anyone!  I was so hoping to find a family-owned business to take my car to for repairs in the future but this will not be that place - customer service is lacking and the mechanics seems uneducated.
5	I have been going to Ketchums for over 25 years.  Everything from oil changes to major repairs.  In that time I was always treated fairly and honestly and have never had to take my cars back in for a "redo."You bet I give them 5 stars!!  Wouldn't ever consider going anywhere else.
5	I had to do the dreaded task every single female despises...bring my car to the mechanic for a new battery. Fully preparing myself to get screwed as usual, the man behind the counter could probably sense my hesitation as I walk in the door but he was very friendly and introduces himself as "Scott Ketchum". In my head I'm thinking this is the typical foreplay before he tells me I need blinker fluid etc. But then something amazing happens, he tests my battery to make sure that's what the problem is and tells me I should go to the dealer because the battery will still be covered under warranty and they will have to replace it for free. The story goes on from there with how he went above and beyond to make sure I was taken care of, but to make a long post short I will just say the end result was me walking out of an automotive shop smiling for the first time ever and very grateful there are still quality people that understand customer service goes a long way in creating a lifetime customer!
5	This is the best car repair place I've ever been to!  The owner is great!  Never feel like I am being taken advantage of.... as a matter of fact, quite the opposite!  When my battery light went on, I took my car to Autozone.  Where the battery was under warranty.  When they tested it they told me it was my alternator, not my battery.  When I took it to Ketchums they tested everything and printed out the diagnostic test for me to BRING BACK to Autozone!  When I got back to Autozone, Scott had called the Autozone and personally relayed the info to make sure I was taken care of properly!  Scott went above and beyond!  Thanks so much for giving me such service.  I have faith in a mechanic finally!  As a female that a great feeling!!!
5	Love this place.  I stumbled upon this place when I first moved to Scottsdale and needed an oil change.  They were quick and reasonably priced, so I went back for an alignment.  Again, quick and reasonably priced.  Several months later I needed a jump start and the owner came to my house in about 5 minutes and helped me jump my car, then didn't even charge me. I'm headed there today because my "service brakes" light came on.  I feel confident that I will be treated well and can afford to have the necessary work done on my car.  What a blessing.
5	My car battery died late last night so one of the first things I needed to do this morning was get it checked out. I went to ketchum's after doing a yelp search. When I first pulled up, I actually turned around because they looked really busy and I figured they would be like many auto repair shops that make you wait and feel like just another no-name person. Something made me go in anyway, and it turns out I was completely wrong. This company knows what they are doing and really cares about each person who walks in. Upon first entering I could tell they take a great deal of pride in being a family-owned business and providing exceptional customer service. They checked out my battery to make sure that was the actual problem. Once confirmed that it was, they even called up the dealership where I bought the car and inquired about a warranty on the battery. Impressive! Every part of the process thereafter went just as smoothly. Like anyone, car troubles annoy me, but it's nice to know I have a solid place to go back in the future.
1	We bought a battery from them just two years ago.  Turns out they charged top of the market price for an older model battery that required fluid filling.  Most batteries now are sealed for life.  The battery has begun failing so took it in, had an 6 year warranty, first 36 months full replacement.  They kept us there two hours and then claimed because the battery was only charged to 10 amps they could not test it, had to be at 12 volts.  They had the audacity to tell us to leave it for 36 hours or charge it ourselves, which we had to do to drive it to them.  Went to another store who tested the battery no problem and said 2 of the 12 cells were shot, that it would never charge to 12 volts. We will never return to Ketchum and suggest you consider our experience.  We are not prone to taking the time to negatively write online like this.
