3	Getting in and out of the parking lot is a b!tch.
5	This has to be my favorite Fry's that I have been to.  Located in the Kierland area, for the first three years I lived in Scottsdale this was my local grocery store and Wells Fargo Bank.  It is always clean, well organized and well stocked with whatever you need.  Displays are nice too.  Can't go wrong with Boar's Head at the deli (although, all Fry's carry Boar's Head).  This Fry's has also been convenient for me since there is a Wells Fargo in the store.  I miss this grocery store and I hope to move back to the Kierland area again some day.
2	It's just so...big. And most of what's in here is not even food! And all I wanted was some apples and eggs. I had to walk a mile to get back to the eggs. And no free range selection? The apples were all stacked beautifully, but maybe that's why they were all like $1.49 /lb. I know this is one of the most popular grocery stores, but I also see why most people eat so poorly if this is what's put in front of them. The store was clean and neat though.
5	This review is for their pharmacy. Their cash prices on generics are way less than my insurance co-pay would be.  The staff at this Fry's has been so helpful to make sure I get the lowest possible price, often taking the initiative to call Costco and get their price so Fry's can match it - that alone saves me over $10 for one prescription.  They even carry dog prescription medications.  I had my vet call in a prescription last week.  It saved me a trip to the vet AND was $18 cheaper for the very same medication my vet gave me..Picking up a prescription rarely takes more than a couple minutes, It's a pretty stress-free way to go.Added benefits are that you can do it while grocery shopping, and rack up some extra Fry's points towards cheap gas.
4	I needed a vegetable tray for work and my map app pointed me in this direction. It was easy to locate and pretty easy to get in and out of the parking lot. The inside was huge and a little disorienting at first, but it was clean and seemed like a nicer Fry's. (It is a Marketplace after all.) The employees were nice and friendly. If I'm ever in the area again, I'd definitely go here.
4	Fresh fruits and veggies in the produce department, the bakery baked the best pastries.  Clean store and friendly employees, the only down side of the store is that the cell service inside the store sucks, you literally have to finish with your call before you even step into the store, they need to fix that problem if they can.
1	I'm SO SO SO  tired of seeing expired food on their shelves. Was in here on Friday evening to get some ground turkey, they had several packages of ground turkey that had expired 3 DAYS prior. Informed the cashier telling him that I was tired of finding expired meat on their shelves. His response??? "I am too." WTF?Asked for a manager so Brad the manager came over. Told him about the expired meat on the shelves and his response was to tell me that employees check the dates everyday so there couldn't possibly be old meat on the shelf. I insisted there were several packages of old meat on the shelf and he just replied "Well, we'll get it removed" and then walked back to the lotto counter. He never called anyone up to remove it, never got on the phone to ask someone in the back to do it, just continued to stand at the counter. When I shop, I like to get FRESH meat to feed my family. This wasn't the first, second, 3rd time this has happened to me here.SO.OVER.THIS.PLACE.
5	Staff here is A++++I feel like I am visiting old friends every time I come in, which is usually at least once per day.  They have every thing I need, and super fast check out. Their produce is killer. Very very clean friendly store.
4	Right now they offer free wi-fi service, so make phone calls inside the store is getting a little bit better, but it still depends on where you are in the store.  Some area still have zero reception.  Still a very clean store to visit and all their employees are very friendly and you can press their "door bell" call button if you can't find anything in the store.  That's a big plus since sometimes it's very hard finding what you want in the store and can't find anyone working in the store.
3	Clean store & fresh produce. I would have given 5 stars but annoying lady at door kept asking if I wanted a Fry's visa card. After politely & sweetly saying no about 4 times...I had to use my man voice and told her "I said no"! I think I scared her but at least she finally left me alone.
