5	I ordered the burger with side green salad.  This restaurant just opened today  I tried calling all day to put in an order so I could pick it up.  Their phone was not working, so I shut my shop down to walk over and place the order....they were kind enough to deliver my meal so I didn't have to shut down again to pick up.  When it was delivered I was busy with customers so I was not able to enjoy it while still hot.  And then I was disappointed at first when I didn't see ketchup for the burger.  The side salad was amazing, it had a white cheese and pecans.  The burger was also very delicious...and it didn't need ketchup, it had so many other flavors that were just perfect....and it was cold by the time I got to it, so I think that is saying a lot!  Good job guys...especially for a first day!!
5	Finally! West-siders rejoice! Cuff is in Glendale, and it's not a biker bar OR a Westgate chain restaurant either. It's a beautifully curated New American restaurant and bar w/ serious mixology under their sleeves. AND it's awesome!The menu = well thought out, but nice and conciseThe food = well-executed and deliciousThe cocktails = on point, boozy, and well-craftedThe staff = attentive and knowledgeable The vibe = 10/10We ordered the Desert Breeze and the Glendale Thistle to start. Both were enchanting. The Glendale Thistle was a figgy/date garnished spin on an Old Fashioned, but served without ice and in a stemmed cocktail glass. The Desert Breeze featured an herbaceous, earthy tequila-like spirit called Ocho Cientos Blanco Sotol. So good, not your mother's (well, not my mother's) tequila cocktail either. It was strong, vegetal, citrusy, but not sweet. The flavors were refreshing and complex. For food, we absolutely destroyed an order of the Deviled Eggs as an appetizer, which were garnished w/ pecan wood smoked bacon (yes), The Burger w/ fries, and the Pork Shoulder Sandwich w/ Caesar Salad. All great, but the Deviled Eggs were my favorite part of the meal.If you live in the West Valley, you're crazy not to frequent this place. If you live in any other part of The Valley, this spot is WELL worth the drive. Do yourself a favor, eat and drink here as soon and as often as possible!
5	New taste and culinary culture to the downtown Glendale area. I had the Burrata OMG the pesto was amazing looking forward to the dinner menu. The chicken club had an amazing twist and the peach vinaigrette  really complemented the mixed green salad.... Tasty experience!!!can't wait to try the Eggplant Parmesan
5	Wow, this is the place we have been waiting for! Food is amazing, very fresh ingredients and everything was cooked to perfection. Loved the atmosphere and the cocktails were spot on! We will be back many times, this is a must try!
5	What a fantastic new restaurant!! This area really needs a place like this! I was with my family walking down Glendale Ave when we ran into the owner, Tom. He came up and started talking to us about his new place down the street. He was so friendly so we instantly had to check this new place out. What an excellent decision it was! Immediately upon entering I saw the copper mugs and knew they served moscow mules. Tom told us about their house made fig infused vodka for the moscow mules and we quickly ordered 3. Extremely well crafted and absoloutely delicious!! I could have easily down 3 of those! Since we were heading to Haus Murphy's after our cocktails for dinner, we only ordered an appetizer. We ordered the meat/cheese/olive plate and wow oh wow!!! It was only $10 and well worth it. 3 of us split it and it was a perfect snack with our moscow mules! The staff was incredibly friendly and talkative as well. Tom gave us a tour of the restaurant as well. He showed us the original brick wall towards the back, which was a very nostalgic touch to leave in the place. The patio wasn't quite finished, but it will be awesome once done! Love the beautiful iron gate! Hopefully this new place gets the recognition it deserves and more people come to check this out! Glendale definitely needs a cool place like this! Tom made us feel so welcome and privileged too to be a part of this new establishment!!
1	Would give no stars based upon the service we received.  It was absolutely the worst service I've had.  Ignored, had to ask for service at bar after very long wait.  Ordered wine, appetizers, and entrees.  All food came at once.  What good restaurant does that?  Food not hot.  No wine, had to ask for it after food arrived.  Asked for salt and never brought it.  No return to see if food was OK or needed anything.  Very very disappointing for a brand new place with what should be good food and atmosphere.  Food was poorly tarnished by the service.  Such a shame.
1	Went there tonight was greeted promptly and got drinks, waited 15 minutes then got up went to the bar ans asked if we could have our order taken. The server finally came over took our order 2 appteizers and two dinners and a glass of rose. Our dinner cam 10 minutes later all of it came together. We had to ask for the wine he finally brought it asked for salt he never brought it I went to the bar to get them. Our server never came back to ask if everything was ok. I am in the restaurant business I understand things happen but this is some of the worst service I think I ever had. I don't think we will be back and not recommend it. I so wanted to like it.
2	The brisket was quite good but too fatty. The french fries were alright but there wasn't enough ketchup. The service was slow and somewhat inattentive. There was no ambience in this restaurant. There was no music or mood lighting. FOXNews was on TV and it was just kind of dull. Overall I can say I won't be back.
4	Cuff offers some interesting food in old town Glendale for a reasonable price. My wife ordered a burger that she pegged as the second (or third) best she's had in the valley. I had the brisket which had a nice little kick to it.The meat and cheese plate felt a bit underwhelming. 1 cheese, a couple VERY thin slicers of a couple cured meats. Almonds. 3 pieces of bread. Mustard and some kind of preserve. We had to ask for the olives separately. That meat board is probably the main reason why I'm thinking 4 stars instead of 5.Service was friendly but a tad slow. The bartender served us and he was friendly but when he had to tend bar, things got a bit slow. The restaurant is attempting to hire more staff so hopefully the speed will get better in time.Restaurant has a nice decor and was clean. They have a full bar and the prices seemed reasonable. I would wish for a couple decent local brews on tap but I guess there are other options nearby for that.Overall the West Valley could use more places like this and I'm looking forward to trying more food and hopefully they are able to get fully staffed in the future.
5	Went for dinner last evening. This is wonderful restaurant. They have been open about 4 week. The service was excellent, atmosphere was excellent, can't beat the prices and most important the food was outstanding!  We drove from Surprise and will definitely go back frequently. Was well worth the 35 mile each way drive. If you fancy Calamari you will be in AWE of this dish. And a very generous serving, shared by 4. I had the Pork Belly tacos for my entree, superb!  Others had shrimp poorboy, and pork roast sandwich. Everyone loved their food. Not one complaint. Give it a try, you will not be disappointed.
3	I drove by this place a couple times and notice it was new. Then I read about it in the paper and thought why not give it a shot. Cuff is a very nice addition to old downtown Glendale. The decor is pretty sweet looking when u first walk in. It has a modern, yet old school neighborhood bar feel to it. I like restaurants that are by the street to have big windows. To me its gives the restaurant life as you see the world around you passing by. Cuff has a huge window in front. Which when Glendale Glitters kicks off in about a month the view from Cuff should be fantastic. The food felt pretty standard to me. I had the fried shrimp po'boy and it wasn't spectacular, and it wasn't bad either. The fries that came with it had a nice seasoning over it and they were very crispy. I just stuck with water so I don't know how good their drinks are. I will try Cuff again. Like I said its a nice addition to the town.
4	The Cuff is a small but interesting Restaurant in Historic Glendale. They offer American Comfort Foods and Hand Crafted Cocktails in an Old Charm Atmosphere. We sat on the comfortable but small outdoor patio that grows some of the fresh herbs used for dinners.The Cuff's Cocktail menu is very above average. One drink had some sort of Artichoke liquor in it. I went with a Moscow Mule with fig infused vodka. It was tasty and strong and worth the $8 happy hour price. We shared a few appetizers, the deviled eggs ($6.) and the Mixed baby lettuce salad. ($7.) Both were presented nicely and both tasted good.For Dinner I had the Amalfi Chicken. ($11.)The chicken tasted fresh and was moist and came in a lemony fresh herbed broth with a whole grain bread for dipping and fresh broccolini. My husband tried the smoked brisket platter.($12.) That came with fries and a very tasty coleslaw. I tasted a small piece of the brisket and I have to say that brisket was outstanding and I BET is the BEST Brisket you can get in Glendale! It came in two pieces on the platter and my husband said one piece was fattier than the other. but they had these delicious caramelized ends. The brisket was very developed with flavor and was really VERY very good!Very Good Food!Interesting well crafted Drinks!Low Prices!Old Town Glendale  has a new destination restaurant!
5	Gave them a second chance.  A complete 180 degree difference. Came in on Saturday evening and it was very busy again, but the service was outstanding as was the food.  I observed others diners around us also getting great service.  They definitely made changes.  The food was great also.  Had the deviled eggs again and they were still great.  The pork belly tacos were fantastic as was the pot sticker posole.  I wanted to lick the bowl.  There was a filet mignon special on the menu tonight.  I want to try everything on the menu now.  It is so nice having a great restaurant like this in downtown Glendale so close to home.  Will be back again and agaiin.  Thanks Tom Harvey for opening this restaurant and the great service.
4	This place has great potential and I'm looking forward to trying again when they've been open a bit longer. First of all, hooray for another interesting place in downtown Glendale! They get an extra star just for the location. And the burger I ordered was awesome- probably the second or third best I've had in the Valley at this price point ($10 ish for a burger with fries). Hubs had brisket that they were smoking out back and it had a nice little kick to it.We also ordered the meat and cheese platter, which was all right but nothing special. They had to bring the listed olives separately because they forgot them on the platter. I also saw a table nearby sending back food because it wasn't what they had ordered (issue with getting a side dish right I think). Service was friendly but a bit slow and disorganized. Hopefully they get that together soon because this could be a great West Valley staple. I also wonder if they will do something to integrate with the community theater that is right next door. Dinner and a show could be a fantastic deal there.
3	The actual restaurant looks beautiful, nice bar area and the patio in the back is very nice as well. The waitstaff is very good the only issue we had was my husband and I both found hair on our food. Right on top in plain sight... We were in a hurry and decided to just pay for our meal and leave. We chalked it up to the restaurant being new and still working out the kinks. They had what appeared to be construction workers coming from the kitchen so maybe there was just a ton going on back there and the attention to detail was lost. I would however recommend the bar, looks like a nice place to get a drink especially during Glendale glitters!
4	Getting caught up on my reviews!!!Met up here with a dear friend recently.  It is a really cute place and I am so glad they have decided to invest in downtown Glendale.  We went during the week, around 5 PM, for catch-up and some beverages.  The menu is small and we ordered a burrata and some deviled eggs.  My friend had wine and I had some cocktails which were lovely.  We met the chef, who shared some of his ideas with us.  The meal itself was enjoyable all around.  I DO have a suggestion though:  our hostess was not very involved during our time there.  It's SO important to engage first-time customers; familiarity with the menu and the ability to make recommendations when asked are the way to create return business.  Ours was virtually non-existent and couldn't answer the most basic questions.  You may want to revisit her training as you build your clientele.Best of luck to you, Cuff!
3	Me and my boyfriend went in during Glendale glitters, the server who sat us didn't say a word when seating us. Our server was nice but not attentive, however the lady who I'm assuming was the bartender was very nice. Overall the staff needs some work. The only reason I gave this place three stars is because the food was amazing. The eggplant parmesan sandwich we got was to die for and the mozzarella tasted like it was homemade. It's worth going to for the food, hopefully they'll work on having a more attentive and friendly staff.
5	Had first dining experience here last night while we watched Glendale Glitters light up. Very impressed with the food. Especially the deviled eggs and calamari. Very flavorful. Also tried the beef brisket which was also packed with flavor. We were at table up front near window which was perfect to watch festivities. Definitely recommend!
5	First off, let me say wow. Glendale has a really great gem here. This was only my first time here but won't be the last.1. Ambience - Casual, yet has a certain upscale feeling to it. With a full bar and outside dinning area. This place can truly be a comfortable place to enjoy a meal anytime of day or year.2. Food- The chef has a way around the plate. I ordered "The Burger". Nothing fancy but a great way to gauge the validity of the restaurant. Also had the Butternut squash soup, outstanding flavor. 3. Wait staff- Respectful, polite, courteous, attentive, and overall friendly. What you would expect from a waiter/waitess. Overall, my girlfriend and I had a great time trying this new place in downtown glendale, enjoying a beer and burger while music played in the background. While this was the first time to Cuff Kitchen,  it will not be the last. I highly recommend it to you.  Remember to support your local restaurants and stores.
5	Awesome, awesome food. It's so nice to have a great restaurant in downtown Glendale that is reasonably priced and delicious!! Check out happy hour, we plan on being regulars!!
5	Exciting the food is great so glad that this place is in the Glendale area. Wonderful our dinner was amazing. Definitely will be back.
4	Downtown Glendale is in desperate need of more places like Cuff where you can get a delicious meal and cocktail in a welcoming and clean environment.I can rave about the filet mignon I had the first time I came and then I brought a friend back and we shared some deviled eggs.  Everything I've eaten has been absolutely delicious.  Their cocktail menu is short but has everything you need - very tasty whiskey drinks.  The establishment is clean, the decor is casual and the seating is comfy, its the kind of place that you'd want to stay a while and lose track of time over great food and drinks with friends.So why only 4 stars?  I've been three times and the staff is consistently aloof and working on their disappearing act.  They don't appear to have any career servers, but young people who may be on their first job, which is totally fine but they aren't supervised or given direction.  I think I pinpointed the manager because I hear her ask the staff to do things for her but it's obvious that she's a fish out of water and she usually has a scowl on her face.  I really hope they can get some good help because Cuff is 5 stars in everything else.
4	The first time I went there I wasn't sure what to do, whether to wait to be seated or seat myself. Someone finally noticed I looked lost and said I could sit wherever. I had the eggplant parmesan and the mixed greens salad. SO DELICIOUS. I don't usually enjoy salads but this salad had a good, fresh mix of greens, goat cheese (yum), candied walnuts, and I think cranberries with a dash of peach vinaigrette. Eggplant parmesan was also delicious. I sat at the bar and ordered a drink, but none of the drink options looked too pleasant so I told the nice bartender to surprise me with something fruity. She came up with a concoction that she called "the perfect storm." It was a blend of three different rums, pineapple, orange, and cranberry juice. I would definitely recommend. I also took my company there for round 2 for our Christmas dinner party and everyone absolutely loved it. We tried the butternut squash soup and it blew my mind! I would definitely recommend Cuff!
3	We are so excited to have a new, interesting restaurant in Glendale!  My husband and I have been to Cuff together, with friends and with workmates no less than a dozen times.  While the food is great, the menu is small and the service (outside)sub-par at best.  Every time we've been, yes, all dozen+ times, we've had to ask more than once for water for the table. We love eating outdoors but the service is terrible and then the constant clatter and interruption of dirty-dishes traffic to the building in the back makes it impossible to dine in peace.  We were there with a group and waited forever for our drinks, food and then sadly, the filet-mignon was all terribly over-cooked.  (Think cremated)Unfortunately we don't think Cuff can manage a full house, hence, they will be their own worst enemy if there is a crowd. Fingers crossed they can work out these kinks as we are trying hard to help this place.  BTW...I tried three times today in person and by phone to obtain gift cards totaling $500.00+ and  no one could help me or bothered to call me back. Ended up getting them from La Santisima who was all too happy to accept my money.Best of luck, Cuff.
3	We recently had dinner at Cuff. Drinks were yummy and super delicious.  I ordered a club sandwich which was not great.  My daughter had a chicken Caesar and which was okay.  The prices were a little high as we'll.  I would recommend appetizers and drinks only.  I had high hopes for this place. Hopefully it will improve.
5	Update to my recent review of Cuff.  To their credit, Tom Harvey contacted me with a heartfelt apology and addressed all of my concerns in the most genuine way.  Cuff also now has gift cards available to which I purchased two this morning and hope our guests enjoy a nice evening and dinner.  We want Cuff to be successful here in Glendale and trust with a few tweaks and Tom Harvey's willingness to satisfy customers in any way he can, Cuff will be a town favorite.We will continue to be supportive patrons.
2	We sat at the bar and I had the shrimp and grits, my friend had the eggplant parmesan sandwich .. both were good.  Beer and wine list is limited, but has some good selections.  The wait staff and customer service needs improvement.  They weren't busy and it took forever (after motioning them several times) to order a round of drinks, food, and water (typically customary).  It took them 15 minutes (I actually timed it) to ask us if we wanted some more water or drinks (they were visibly empty and we tried to get their attention multiple times).  We closed our tab, paid, signed the check and several minutes later the bartender alerted me that they mis-ran the check and forgot to add one of the beers.  Now, I eat out a lot .. any decent restaurant would have just not said anything or would have not requested additional payment for a $5 beer after the customer closed a $50 tab.  They re-ran the check and made me re-pay/sign for it .. and then it got billed twice to me.  Normally I would have just tipped the bartender the different in amount (but she was too dull to process that concept).  Amusingly, our food was rung through a second time and came out again.  Also, a reasonable restaurant would have maybe offered to box it up for us as it was their mistake -- nope, they continued to act totally clueless and probably just threw it in the trash.This place has a cool atmosphere and could be really good if they get their customer service act together.  The chef/owner was clueless and didn't even walk over and apologize -- rude.
5	Had a great experience here! Waiter was perfect; knowledgeable and there when needed, but not clingy. Food was really excellent; especially the brisket. Lots of delicious flavor. Solid homemade chocolate cake was a delicious ending.
4	Went here to check out this new spot with another "industry" friend of mine. Very small menu, but everything we tried was very good. Nice spice on the brisket and layers of flavors in the deviled egg app. Eggplant parmigiana  sandwich had lots of melting cheese and the chunky tomato sauce was served on the side, which I liked because I don't care for too much sauce.  A decent wine and alcohol list. Service was sincere and attentive. The only gripe, we were there in the evening the lighting was insanely bright-almost made us wanna turn around and leave, but we soon adjusted. Clean and organized flow to the dining room. Maybe adjust lighting for dinner service.
