5	One of the best artisans bakery in Montreal. We always get our bread there or at their other location on Mont-Royal ave
5	Must qualify this review by saying I'm not a bread expert.  We got a baguette, a couple of chocolate croissants, and a chestnut pastry.  The bread had a nice crisp crust, and the inside was light and chewy.  Croissants were light and buttery with just the right amount of chocolate.  The chestnut pastry was similar to the croissant, awesome.Bottom line: I can't recall having bread of this quality in a long time.  Americans need to improve their bread IQ.
5	Went late in the day and the baguettes were still awesome.  THis is how bread should taste.  They open at 7am, so going as late as I did was't a good idea.  I'll be going tomorrow at 7am to get fresh croissant.  This place is on the lower level under a large video store and half of the location is a cheese shop.  This is a must go for foodies with taste!
3	Another day, another bakery, but this time somewhat less successful than Kouign Amann would be Le Fromentier.  Having visited the day prior only to find them out of everything but a few loaves of bread plus various sandwich fixings and charcuterie we returned early morning a few days later to find a larger selection with some interesting pies and tartes plus two croissants I had to try, one almond and one maple...of course bearing in mind the large market style layout of Le Fromentier ordering these two pastries was easier said than done since the bakers were at work and the cashier had apparently 'stepped out for a moment,' but after a short wait my items were bagged and ready to go.Having spent time browsing the sandwiches, charcuterie, foie gras, and unique beverages at Le Fromentier I was excited to try the baked goods and with each item shaped more like a traditional butter croissant than like an almond or filled croissant the texture too was unexpected as the almond seemed the dantier of the two but was actually filled with far too much slightly artificial tasting flavor creating a sticky mouthfeel while the maple was graced with a thin smear of cream both inside and out creating a sort of 'frosted' butter croissant.  With the exterior crackling and the interior of each appropriately buttery with good separation between the layers I think it is simply a case of personal preference that the texture was a little too wet for me, even if the maple cream version was quite subtle and pleasant.  I wager a simple butter croissant would have been quite good, particularly if it were warm - perhaps even with a bit of maple cream on the side as opposed to being added and allowed to sit.
5	Found this place on a tip from a friend.  I don't think we could have found it if we weren't looking for it! It's not overly obvious from the street!OMG... what a bakery!  Everything was so flaky and just perfection.  The bread was delicious.  The croissants were delicious.  The  other pastries were delicious.  And all of it was very reasonably priced.  Unbelievable for the quality.The service was friendly and helpful even though we didn't know French.I would make a point of hitting this bakery for something -- anything -- if I were within 10 blocks... Yum!
3	This is a decent bakery for bread, but their croissants and chocolatines were barely edible, dry and stale.
