5	Merry Christmas, one and allor whatever, you might callthis time of year, i'm not pcit's always been, Christmas to mebut celebrate, to each their ownthis joyous season, we have grown up with as kids, it's magicaland every year, it's Tim Mitchell'swhere we go, to get our treeoh tannenbaum, how lovelyare your branches, pick your firdouglas, nordman, grand, fraserall of them, out on the lotchoose your height, pretty much gotanything your heart desires three to eight foot, even higherwreathes and garlands, evergreenthe smell of Christmas, reminds meof santa claus, my dad and momeloise, and Christmas songspresents wrapped beneath the treeand guessing which ones were for memom always cooked, leg of lambsnapped polaroids on dads old camera, we loved that thinghark the harold, we'd all singwith charlie brown and linus tooschroeder plays, guaraldi for youwhile snoopy dances, pigpen basspeanuts gang, all on the stagehttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0G8XH4WDxP4and charlie's Christmas tree stands thereTim's trees, I promise, aren't so bareChristmas tradition, at our houseload the kids, and pick one outtie it on the roof and gosing White Christmas, dream of snowwindow candles, advent wreathour terrier, curled underneath the Chrismas tree, we got from TimMitchell's, go get your tree from themand have a Merry Christmas, yelpersgive, not get , be santa's helperthis year, reach out to those in needto Charlie Brown's yule message, heedpeace on earth, good will towards menand this year, please remember themcommercial Christmas = empty joyso give to all the girls and boysthat don't have much, you'll feel much betterthan getting another, cashmere sweaterhappy holidays, all!
2	Didn't end up buying the tree. Really wanted to because it seems like a family run business and I think we actually met Tim, who seemed very nice. However, the rest of the staff could not be bothered. I asked 4 different people the price of an item and no one could answered. The trees seemed overpriced as well. Going to check out another lot.
1	We bought a huge tree for the second year in a row. Last year it was fine. This year it has died prior to Christmas. We are having a big party on Christmas and my tree looks horrible and we are very upset. I called twice but only got an answering machine. We watered appropriately to no avail. It is dropping pines and dead. What a bummer.
