5	I have been waiting.... for this place to open.  The newest addition to a quaint shopping center on Central that is bursting with fun shops.Lola Coffee is exactly what we needed.  Awesome layout with retro-modern furnishings (looks like stuff from Red Modern) this place has a great vibe.  It's like going over to your coolest friends ultra fun studio.  Me and my bf ordered an americano, latte, blueberry muffin and cinnamon coffee cake.  Coffee was great... of course it would be the owners really know their stuff.  Original owners of Lux and Lola's Tapas... they were both there and such gracious hosts.We sat down on a comfy couch in the back corner and enjoyed the artwork and liveliness of the crowd.  We skimmed a few magazines on the table.... something for everyone. The cinnamon coffee cake is a must try... I finished every last crumb.  Outside they have some patio seating complete with thoughtful hooks for your canine friends.  Can't wait to go back. I'll be the one with the little dachshund.
5	I too was eagerly awaiting this place's arrival. I'm a sucker for both coffee and Lola Tapas, so naturally I was intrigued. It was well worth the wait, even on the first day of business. Great, smooth espresso and awesome pastries from Sweet Pea's Danielle Librera. I dig the whole vibe going on here; it fits in very well next to Haus and the other little shops in this ever-evolving plaza. The retro modern feel and color scheme make it one of the more lively coffee spots in these parts (that's a good thing) and I love the little diner touch with the bar stools looking out onto Central Ave. Judging from the crowd they had at 6:30 p.m. on their first day of business, I'd say we have a winner.
4	Well.. i love the space. It feels like a fresher, newer LUX.  EVerythings "newer"..that's the only real difference (oh..and it;s 3 blocks over). Same varied array of mid-century modern tables and chairs.  Original artwork spread thru-out.   I've heard it the same original owners of LUX so it makes sense.    Even the espresso tastes like LUX.. which i don;t care for really.. tastes burnt.  I love my espresso... but not here nor there.i love the space, its convenient, evreyone was friendly but (BIG BUT).. they close at 7pm Here's why i find it a problem... .Near a big High Rise, off the light rail (central and c-back).. so I would assume the majority of the crowd would prefer showing up, having a copa de cafe', enjoy some wi-fi surfing, mingle with friends.. but... how can I if i get off work at 5... i;m home by 5:30... freshen up at home.. it';s now 6.... i walk to  Lola... its now 6:15... I order my coffee... it;s ready.. i sit down.. it;s 6:30, I now have 30 minutes to enjoy my espresso read the paper or check my email.  but hey,,, that;s just me.  why do I give it 4 stars u may ask... again.. i love the space, the people, the art.. the furniture.. and most importantly I love small local business.PLEASE STAY OPEN LATER! (and reconsider your espresso bean)
4	The interior of Lola Coffee is beautiful. It is all one room, (even behind the counter) and neatly sectioned by the arrangement of the furniture rather than walls or building floorplan. This is an expert way of dealing with the existing design of the space, rather than tearing up floors and knocking down walls. Furthermore, the (from what I could tell) original ceiling support beams of the building were also left intact, painted, and incorporated as part of the overall design in a very elegant manner. All in all, I was very impressed at the interior design at Lola. Even though it's a bit like a Eurway showroom, everything is well placed and cohesive. Beyond the visual aesthetics, my coffee was great. I ordered just a plain latte, which was precisely what I was hoping for. There was an assortment of  pastries at the counter, which from what I understand are the work of Sweet Pea Bakery. I tried the cinnamon coffee cake, which was delicious. The crumble topping on the coffee cake was rich and crusty, and the cake was moist and tart, almost carrot cake-like. It's obvious that the baristas here are still trying to get in the groove of the flow of service and developing a system for taking orders/serving food/making drinks, etc. But this is definitely related to the place barely being open a week. That being said, I was quite impressed with Lola and foresee the cafe doing very well. I'm going to be back soon.
5	Oh Dear Restaurant Diary, I am in LOVE!Never did I think that an independent coffee shop in central Phoenix could capture my heart in such a way!Lola is unpretentious, bright, beautiful, and fun--I'm absolutely enamored!The space is open (not cluttered) with multiple options of seating...all comfortable without being slouchy and sinking.  The big windows allow natural light and the somehow simultaneously ornate and clean decor creates a perfect environment sit, work, relax.  A big counter covered with goodies (a basket of fruit, multiple trays of baked goods...mmm...) makes ordering a treat for the eyes (and a treat for the tastebuds if you choose to buy some goodies!). The bathroom.  You know, dear diary, how I am a sucker for a good bathroom.  Clean, single, big enough, proper placement of paper products, clean lines, nice, private--it's all I've ever wanted in a coffee shop bathroom!Black tea...mmm...homemade chai tea...I hope there will be many happy returns to dear lola...many happy returns.Lots of love, diary,XOXOChristinaPSCash only (so make sure you carry)!
3	Please don't kill me---while I really do like this place, and hope it succeeds, i can't yet give it 4 stars....So, as everyone else said, the decor is awesome.  I'd be happy to steal every piece of furniture (especially the light fixture!) and take it home for myself.  And, I do like the idea of an open kitchen, though I also wonder if it will really work for a coffee shop when/if it gets busy.  The coffee is good.  Not write home to your mom good---but nothing in Phoenix meets that standard.  So, this looses a star---goes from 5 to 4. And then the move from 4 to 3: I walked in and immediately there was this strange smell.  After sitting there for a while, I didn't notice it anymore.   I don't know if it was a one time thing, or something with their space, or what.  But... Some final comments: It was relatively empty, which made it easier to work at than, say, Lux.  (But, also made it less friendly....)  They seem to have a great music system but not yet great music.  And, as someone else commented, the crowd does seem to be older than at Lux.  ... But this all was based on one visit....
5	Lovely and delightful is this new girl Lola. I'm a total sucker for a good, cinnamon-y mexican style coffee, and Lola has an amazing one (it's called the Matador and comes complete with three shots of espresso and a dollop of homemade flavored whipped cream--$4 for a large.) The actual coffee house space is fantastic, as you would expect from anything Wayne touches. Shiny polished concrete floors, with a mix of modern and retro fixtures throughout. Makes me very happy. Being able to bring an iced coffee over to Haus and Oliver and Annie makes me even happier. Can't wait for Hula's Modern Tiki to open up in this plaza, too.
2	The real test of a coffee house is not how it prepares its specialty drinks...(let's face it, enough sugar and cream can make anything taste good).   No, the real test of a coffee house is how their black, regular drip tastes.    I like it complex, rich, and nutty.     How disappointing that Lola's regular drip is weak, watery, and tasteless.     Pastries are great, though.     Ambience is cool...though it's echo-y and a little loud if you want to carry on a conversation.     Step up the coffee and I'll be back
1	We walked in at 650pm on a weekday night and discovered that they close at 7pm. Went immediately over to LUX. It looked nice but without evening hours, this place is giving away business. Until they change their hours they will rarely get our business.
5	I will put this review simply. I lie awake some nights still craving another encounter with a Lola Coffee muffin. From the moment I bit into it's soft, billowy interior, time slowed down. It was reminiscent of the cartoon love scenes. Butterflies, train whistles and the ability to float of the ground were all happening. As far as the coffee goes, it was a hit with me. I not a super picky coffee drinker. Perhaps considered by some a lightweight given that my drink of choice is a white chocolate mocha. I've heard those are hard to mess up. This is less of a review and more of a love profession of the delectables that reside on the counter of Lola. I will return my sweets...
1	Burnt, bitter espresso. Bitterly disappointing. This place has so much potential, the pasties look yummy. I ordered my usual, an iced triple soy latte, to jolt me awake and fend off the morning headache. (Not iced in the winter.)This was not drinkable. I will not be back.Fair Trade Cafe, Lux, AJs,(even Starbucks), I am so sorry I cheated on you.
3	Wow.  The reviews for this place are all over the place and I can pretty much see how they're all spot on.  This place is still in its infancy.  Some things are great.  Others not so good.  Depending on when you go your experience can go either way.  First, my bias is toward downtown and CenPho businesses.  The area where Lola Coffee is located is changing and, with a little luck, will be happing in the not-too-distant future.  I give a lot of credit to Lola's owners for picking the location and opening a new business in this market.  I want this place to succeed and will definitely give it another go.My daughter and I visited Lola the first time twenty minutes before closing (7:00PM - a ridiculously early time for a coffee house but that's another issue).  Before ordering we were asked if we were aware they would be closing in twenty minutes.  Undeterred, we ordered a couple of lattes and took a seat at the very well done wooden bar facing Central Avenue.  The lattes were good, if a little cool, and the ambience of the entire place is pretty great.  It took me a while to get over the cool greeting by the staff but I began to warm to the place.  Hey, one of counter girls even asked us if everything was OK.  Things were looking up.I visited Lola a second time by myself to get a coffee to go.  Service this time was much like the first time.  Hurried, frazzled (though there was no one behind me) and way too cool for this unsettling economy.  Now, I'm not expecting anyone to jump across the counter in gratitude but a smile and a simple "thank you" would go a long way toward giving this place another star.  So here's my take on Lola.  I want it to succeed and will continue to go back.  The coffee (at least mine) was good.  I appreciated the pitcher of ice water on the bar (a la Lux?) and the overall decor.  BUT, in this weak economy I do expect the service to be ratcheted up A LOT.  Here's to hoping that will be the case.
4	I like it. Great location, nice ambience, you can drink your coffee and watch the action go by. I made friends with a lady and her giant fancy poodle. Pastries are kick-you-in-the-crotch good. Service can be aloof, but tolerable. Not much else to say, except the hours kind of suck. Lola is slowly creeping to the top of my favorite coffee places.
4	Yay! Somone finally knows how to brew an iced mocha with skim milk that isn't completely bitter. Like, really, how hard can this be. Now don't get me wrong I do like Fair Trade, but the only mocha I can get there is whole milk. Yeah, I know what you're thinking and I don't like it. "who orders a mocha with skim milk, honestly?". Well I do, and it shouldn't be hard to get one. Lola comes through- "huzzah!!"I actually got the Matador (adds cinnamon) and to my surprise- "loved it". Or as Paris Hilton has be tweeting these days "Huge!" yeah, I don't know, don't ask...The next nice surprise was the frittata. After having just done a 6mi run, I was pretty hungry. We saw two choices and went for the Parmesan/asparagus - very yum as well. The icing on the cake (no pun intended), is that we got to see our favorite baker - Daniele - and her delicious treats. Give the scones a chance, you'll be happy you did.
3	if it weren't for the parking lot in front of lola coffee i'd give them another star. but construction going on right in front of your establishment with trucks everywhere is a hassle for anyone trying to navigate it. i had to park on the opposite end of the complex to run in and grab a cup of coffee, and convenience and quickness is always something i look for in a good coffee place.lola is very cute and modern inside, i wish i could have sat down and enjoyed the morning rather than having to run off to work. the bar staff was super friendly and got my drink right away. iced americano. their little bar to get cream and sugar at is cute, with a big bowl of raw sugar for you to dive into with a tiny spoon. my coffee came up quick and i couldn't wait to try it. really, nothing special here. not bad, but not the best, somewhere in the middle. the place is similar to lux in it's look but the coffee just doesn't compare.
5	I loved stopping in to Lola Tapas for coffee in the morning, and since they've moved over to Central - closer to me - yay - it's even better.  I've always liked Lola Coffee in one sense better than Lux because it's a calmer, quieter atmosphere.   I guess this might reveal the fuddy-duddy in me, but when I'm enjoying my coffee beverage of the day, I'm usually doing something else like checking stuff on the 'puter with the free Wi-Fi, or reading the paper or a book or somethin' like that... and the blaring tunes that are usually playing at Lux can be a bit disconcerting and headache producing.   This is not to dis Lux at all, just that, on that particular point, Lola wins in my book.   The coffee drinks are fabulous, atmosphere and art on the walls very soothing and comfortable.   This location on Central is definitely the hip spot of the future with so many other businesses suddenly moving in there.   I'm curious about this new Hawaiian Tiki restaurant that is coming soon, and soooo happy they decided to preserve the architectural oddity of the building... I'll be watching their progress from my perch at Lola's Coffee.  Go, you'll dig it.
2	Lola's Coffee is owned by the old owners of Lux Coffee - - right down the street on Central before they went into the Tapas business.  Now it looks like they are trying to get back in the coffee business.My man and I stopped by for an iced coffee a couple of weeks back.  We were sadly disappointed that the flavor was heavy on the nutty side, which neither of us are a big fan of.  You can say that we're old school in the sense that we're not into any of that flavor crap a lot of coffee places try to push.  Maybe the machine is too new but we weren't diggin' the new flavor.  As far as the dessert selection as many Yelp reviews raved about, I didn't see them.  It must have been an off day because nothing looked appealing.The next day I drove to Lux and got an ice coffee there that made my heart do cartwheels.  Lo siento Lola's Coffee, but maybe you shouldn't have sold Lux.  I'll try to give you another chance in a couple of months when your coffee machine gets more use.
3	I stopped in here at 6:45am one morning and was told I was a bit early.  I'm used to coffee shops opening earlier I guess, but they were nice about it and invited me in to sit and wait. I liked their stacks of Latin American Vogue, and the artwork on the walls was nice.  They also had ice water out for you to serve yourself. I ordered my usual americano, and was pleased.  They have raw sugar you can serve yourself by the heaping spoonful out of a pretty candy dish.  That was lovely.Also, they are now the only place to carry Sweet Peas Bakery items.  My favorite thing to do was walk down to Danielle's shop downtown and pick up some coffee at Royal and some of her Rosemary Shortbread cookies.  It doesn't sound yummy, but believe me they are!  Be sure to ask for some. At the time I went, the place was obviously not crowded and I received attentive service...
4	Lola's is a fantastic addition to the uptown Phoenix community.  The coffee is solid, and the baked goods are stellar, thanks to Danielle from Sweet Pea.Given their lineage and proximity, comparisons between Lux and Lola and inevitable. Based on my experience and observations,  Lux is the place of choice for Gen Y'ers and Lola is the place for Gen Xers. and Boomers.  As I fit into the second category, my preference is for Lola's.  I find it slightly more relaxed and open -- the windows on the two sides create a light an airy atmosphere, and the layout feels less cluttered.    The music also seems suited to a thirty something crowd...The furniture is a great fit with the mid-century bones of its locations, and the have a great reading selection, including books, magazines and, most importantly, the NYT!Overall a great place to spend some time working, contemplating the universe, or getting caught up with a friend. 4.45 stars.
5	I LOVE this coffee shop!  I like to buy the coffee that I make at home from a local coffee shop, and I used to get my coffee from Lux.  I tried Lola's, though, and made the switch!  Some of the reviews that I read said that Lola's beans taste burnt, but I totally disagree.  The coffee, to me, is very robust, but has a great smooth finish.  I like Lux's coffee, but I think I like Lola's better.  Besides buying my beans for home from here, I like to stop in on the weekend and have a latte.  I've had a great experience every time I come, and they have delicious pastries in addition to the coffee.  The atmosphere is also top-notch: they keep a variety of interesting magazines/newspapers available, have free Wifi, and the space is very light and open.  In addition, the crowd that comes here seems very laid-back and nice.  It's everything I would want in a coffee shop.
3	The lemon shortbread was wonderful! Soft and just a bit more than a "hint" of lemon. The flavor was perfect! I would eat the shortbread any time!
5	amazing coffee, amazing goodies now that Danielle is over there from The Sweat Pea. It's a must when I am out in AZ from Jersey...
5	I love Lola Coffee....I stopped by here the other to get some coffee. Awesome cinnamony (is that even a word?) mexican coffee... lol and the cinnamon coffee cake. Great pastries!  I also like the ambiance. I love supporting local business like this.
4	Great city atmosphere with lots of bright open windows looking out at Central Avenue.  Nice place to relax as the world rushes by outside.  Comfortable seating areas and great beverage assortment.  Danielle Librera's baked goods are the stars here as far as i'm concerned, i went in at 7 am one morning and was delighted to see the entire front counter filled with her creations (scones, muffins, fruit tarts, quiche, cookies and still warm from the oven coffeecake).  It was like a bakery buffet, danielle is right there baking away behind a corner of the counter on most mornings.  I often go to Lola in the evenings (they close at 7 most nights, so sad) and by that time of day there are only a few cookies left, so obviously the regulars are tuned into the best time of day to get the baked goodies.  A guy in front of me on my 7 am visit scooped up half a warm coffeecake to deliver home to some lucky partner/roommate.  The morning we visited, the 7-8 am hour was peaceful and calm, a great waking up time.  It was nice to see an assortment of dads and their young 5-7 year old sons come thru the door and spend time hanging out together at the start of the day.  At 8 am the business commuter crowd started arriving in full force and the place got a whole lot more buzz from all of the conversations going on.  Great location approx 1/2 block south of the Central/Camelback light rail stop.  Definitely worth a visit!
4	If I am stranded on a desert island I want it to be with some chiabatta toast and jam from Lola with a soy latte on the side.  The quiches would be a close second, as would the savory scones.  And the blueberry tart of course.  Lola reminds me a lot of Lux in terms of the food and drink selection and quality, however the atmosphere is a more urban than grunge, and the furniture is cleaner and does not have holes in the upholstery.  I've always had great service here, though I show up very early so I cannot vouch for what it's like when it gets busier later in the AM.  The music could be turned down a little bit, but otherwise it's a pure treat to enjoy coffee and pastry with the morning sun shining in the windows.
2	They have great coffee, but the worst hours ever.  They close at 7:00pm on weeknights, and 2:00pm on Sundays!  That makes it impossible to enjoy a relaxing cup of coffee or hang out with friends after work or on the weekends.  Better hours would be a serious boon to their business.
5	Lola is Lux without the pretentious atmosphere of staff and clientelle. It's gorgeous inside and the barista (looks familiar, is he from Lux?) took pride in his work despite the busy rush on a couple of drinks for my son and me. The peach muffin was fantastic too. Keep it up, Lola.
5	From the moment I walk in, I always feel like I belong there. As a person whose hipness faded quite some time ago, if I ever had any at all, that is a good feeling.  I feel like I know the owners and that they're always happy to see me. the heart etched in every sip - while I know it's corny - is worth the extra price for a cup of latte.  Someday I'll have time to sit and chat, but for now, it's a quick stop on the way to a long day at work.
5	I met a friend at Lola Coffee last week for First Friday but I didn't have any time to spend inside the place.  Oh how I now regret not showing up an hour earlier!  I went back yesterday to experience what Lola had to offer.  I sooooo dug on this place!!  For me this place has some of what I miss about the Bay Area and Sacramento.  It's a great coffeehouse on a busy street in a vibrant part of the city.  I couldn't name all the cool tunes I heard playing over the audio system but I'm pretty sure there was some Depeche Mode (and I'm a product of the 80s/90s).  I had myself a double mocha with whipped cream.  The whipped cream was one of the best decisions I've made in a week.  You see, some dairy alchemist decided to infuse the whipped cream with some vanilla and espresso.  All I have to say about that is if the whipped cream spun it would be called DJ YummyTron!!!  So I sat down and chilled flipping through an interior design book with a forward by Joely Fisher and sipping on my mocha (I later moved on to reading an issue of NY Times Magazine talking about people who worry a lot).  I soon became distracted by the light-rail going by and a bunch of old cars roaring up and down the street (not gonna lie to you, there was some eye-candy of the femme variety in the place too).  I soon came to absolutely treasure the huge window fronting Central Ave.  Only downside was I don't have a laptop so I couldn't be one of the cool kids surfing the web while sipping my drink.  They had a woman come in and put together some floral arrangements which I thought was a nice touch (and I told them as much).  Go, sip, listen, watch, and enjoy!!!
5	This is probably the best cafe to get work done in Phoenix. It has the right mixture of music, yummy loose leaf tea and crowd.You want proof: I've been studying here since March and only now am I writing a review.
5	Love EVERYTHING about this place...The Matador is a pure delight....such a beautiful and friendly place.  Parking is a big problem for this and the other businesses located in this area.  Wish they could fix this.  I just adore this coffee bar!
5	Forgive me Starbucks for I have cheated on you...and liked it.  A LOT.  Lola is so cozy it reminds me of a true coffee shoppe! Everything is a 'for here' kind of attitude.  I had a soy chai...it was amazing! Sat down with Brooke and Mizz Rada to talk Bizzznazzz. Loved it! I might ditch the afternoon time at stuffy starbucks and take some time to doze away in a laid back place...might even ask for an application. Sorry Starbuck's...
4	"Peace On Earth" - that's what I had today at Lola Coffee!And literally, as I sat down at the large table in this adorable little shop, and slowly but surely became surrounded by really good peeps in the community, I did feel at peace.  It worked!If you're in the mood for some delicious hot tea to warm you up on a day like today, I highly recommend "Peace On Earth."  It was one of the best teas I've had!On previous visits, I've also enjoyed a soy latte and a flavored iced tea... and I've never been disappointed.  Emily and Amanda were friendly as can be, and although the baked goods looked delicious, I munched on some amazing treats that Sarah G brought with her today instead.Most of the seating looked comfy although somehow I sat on a chair that was not so much... but the drinks, baked goods, and people around me made up for it!  Minus one star for limited parking but plus one star for a clean bathroom :)  Solid four stars for Lola!
4	I enjoyed meeting Gabi and some other Yelpers for  "Office Hours" here today. I liked the space, the bathroom was clean and cool, the staff was friendly and both my hot beverages were great. I enjoyed a Hot Chocolate and then a cup of the "peace on earth" tea which I preferred over the HC. The tea was perfect and decaffeinated, I didn't even need to add anything to it. I don't remember what exactly the tea was made up with but I'm sure I will be back just to enjoy another cup. Only drawbacks for me are, parking is limited and they don't serve any lunch items but other than that its a great spot!
4	Definitely a worthwhile spot for a cup of coffee if you're in the area. My cappuccino was made very well and the champagne cupcake was mighty tasty. Definitely a comfortable spot to pop into if you need to take a break, check e-mail via their wi-fi, or meet up with a friend or colleague.Nice music as well, and the stereo by the counter is an eye-catcher, particularly if you're into those kinds of things.
3	Dropped into this nice little coffee spot today to get together with Gabi, Norm R., Aileen B., & some other fun Yelpies for "Office Hours".  I enjoyed a delicious cup of coffee (liked it much more than what they have at the Big "S"), & this was an excellent spot for such a get-together.  Yes, I'm likely to return, & in my case there was no problem finding a parking space in the adjacent lot.
4	Yo me gusta Lola Coffee. Friendly baristas, high quality espresso, and I love places that include tax in their prices. My first time in, I had the Matador, which was nice and creamy, if a bit sweet for my tastes. I've stuck to cappuccinos since, which have always been well made. I enjoy the layout and design of the cafe and the unpretentious air. As always, I appreciate a nice, clean restroom. Have yet to use their wifi but surely will soon! This place is definitely giving other coffee joints a run for their money in my heart!
4	Came here for my first Yelp Office Hours last Thursday. I was very impressed with the layout of the place. It is very open and you don't feel like you are sitting on top of the stranger next to you. I feel like most coffee shops are really small and claustrophobic, ie Starbucks.  Lola's bucks that trend.Dallas G, Richard Z and I decided to make a cameo here before our #ThaiThursday at Yupha's.  I didn't want to ruin lunch with a coffee, so I went with a yerba mate tea.  It wasn't served the traditional way with a bombilla, but it still tasted good.  The Yelp group occupied a large table in the center of the space.  Good conversation was had by all and new friends were made.  Sarah G brought some baked goods that knocked my socks off.  I have already requested that I get cookies sent to me on a weekly basis. Crosses fingers.  I will surely be returning and I heard they are opening a second location at 3rd Ave and Roosevelt.Thanks Gabi for picking up the tab.  Can't wait to make the next Office Hours.
5	Another local coffee shop (rhymes with Mucks) was my place until recent events left me with a bad taste in my mouth... literally and figuratively.Lola's is more than an adequate replacement: it is now my choice in Phoenix for coffee.  The iced coffee woke me up and washed the bad taste of other local bitter brews from my mouth.  The atmosphere is mod but unpretentious and, like someone else mentioned, there's enough room so you don't feel like someone is breathing on your neck and reading your emails.If you stick around, the people watching is superb.  If you take your drink to go, your coffee has the same recharging effect as the balanced breakfast your mother is always nagging you to eat.
5	So far, I have been to Lola twice (a Saturday night and Monday morning). Saturday night was very quiet compared to the super busy Monday morning. Free Wi-Fi, coffee, baked goods, and awesome location...you can't beat it. The morning we went, we had a Monterrey Jack scone that was really good. I laughed when I got my latte in a "So I Married an Axe Murder"-esque cup. We sat along the high tables facing Central Ave and I really enjoyed surfing the internet and looking out towards Central. There are various types of seating as well as some outdoor tables. I really loved this place but worry that it will be one of those places that will be so popular, you'll never get to sit there. That is why I stopped going to Lux because it eventually got so crowded all of the time. My favorite part of Lola coffee is being right on Central and watching traffic and the light rail go past. Love it, love it.
3	12/10/09Attended Yelp Office Hour here today.  Had the latte w/ a few chocolate chip cookies that Sarah G. had made.  Lovely space (and delicious latte)!  I'd give 4 stars if the coffee was served at the table, but for now only 3.  I like the nice furniture, both at the dining area and the working lounge.  I hope to be back soon to have another latte (and a pretty one, at that!), catch up on writing Yelp reviews, and just hang out!
5	Lovely coffee bar. Great espresso, great music, comfortable seating, and a great atmosphere. Perfect anytime of day.
4	Went on a rainy Friday night with my girlfriends.  Again, we found parking right across from the front doors.  Sweet!  Walked in and loved the feel you get.  It is like hanging out at a friend's place, very comfortable.  We stood at the counter for mins.  Can not decide!!  I got Hot Chocolate (LARGE).  OMG, LOVED it.  It was so good.  YUM!!  Saw the yummy baked goodies, but we had treats left over from dinner to munch on.  After I finished my hot chocolate, I was back at the counter to buy a bottle water.  The girl behind the counter told me they have water on the counter by the front door and did not want me to pay $3 for the bottled water.  That was very sweet, I tipped her for that.
5	I love this place! The coffee shop itself has a lively, bright, open atmosphere.  I love coming here with some friends and talking and drinking or just coming with my laptop to catch up on some work while not being stuck in the house.My favorite drink here is the Matador, but they are all good. And their drinks are served with homemade chocolate whipped cream. I would be a happy man just ordering a cupful of that! With as busy as they always seem, I am surprised parking is so easy. Especially with all the great shops in the strip Lola's is in.I can't wait to come back. I might have to being my laptop so I have reaon to stay a while which will give me a chance to order two drinks. The Matador and something new....
3	Loved my latte. Loved the environment - the shop, the people, their energy. Love that it's light-rail accessible, as I plan to use it more often this year, although parking is not even a problem. And it's right next door to Hula's Modern Tiki, so you can always go have a delicious lunch or dinner there, and then hop over to Lola for a little coffee afterward.
4	Dear Lola Coffee.You're like that ex-girlfriend one keeps going back to after the breakup is long past. You know the kind, the kind that keeps coming back begging for "another" second chance, saying she's sorry, saying she'll change, saying things will be different this time.  And you, you take her back again, not because you think this time will be different, but because deep down you're still in love with her and when you're together it's "Oh-So-Good".  But just about the time you really want her, really need her...Poof...She's gone.  Leaving you with another broken heart and lying there in a puddle of heartache and salty tears next to an empty bottle of John Daniels wondering when, no if, if you'll ever see her again.Lola Coffee, I love you!  You're great!  You're amazing!  You're everything I'd ever want in a coffee shop; great coffee, amazing pastries, and awesome and friendly barista's.  If I were single and you were a girl, you'd be my type.  But there's just this one little thing we're going to have to fix if this relationship were to work.  You see, I need you to be OPEN when I want coffee.  I work during the day.  I'd love the stop in at 10:30 for a nice steaming cup of your morning brew.  But I work across town, and someone has to earn a living.  After work, I'm tired. I'm hungry.  I go home and have a nice dinner.  It's then around 8:30, or 9:00 that I'd love to come in and have a cup or two, snuggle up with a good book or my laptop and do what people do in coffee shops.  But every time I'm out and about and think about dropping by, you're CLOSED!  If only you'd stay open until, say, 10:00 every night, I'm sure that with Hula's, and Maizie's next door, you'd have plenty of business to make it profitable.  Not to mention the fact that you'd make one, actually two, coffee lovers very happy.With heartfelt love,A secret admirer
4	Just want to say that I miss both Haus & Oliver and Annie being next door to this lovely coffee shop. (Chris, my sweet thing, I wish you all the best and I will have a Frenchie someday, I will!)
4	Found this place by accident and decided to stop in and check it out. Great coffee, good music, comfortable atmosphere, and plenty of space to spread out with my computer and enjoy the free wi-fi. Being new to the area I peppered the staff with questions about the neighborhood and they were more then happy to answer each one. I still miss Seattle but this place made me feel right at home. I'll be back for sure.
5	May I just say: this is what DOWNTOWN PHX needed! Friendly and welcoming staff who always greet with a smile that doesnt seem fake or plastered by their bosses. The atmosphere is like out of an Almodovar or Woody Allen movie with windows with great views of its surrounding space, NYT and AZ Republic always available to read free of charge, free Wi-Fi that works extremely fast and well, cool couches that create a 'lets hang at the coffeeshop Friends style" vibe, but in the end, their coffee is what really got me going back to visit.The Matador is a drink that seems to be unbeaten by any other place in town, its a delicious mixture of cocoa and cinammon that is to die for. Either iced or hot, its guaranteed to make you a fan. I am usually a  soy latte type of guy with no whip but here, YOU WILL WANT to get the whip since its homemade and extremely delicious and I have to say, it tastes like whip cream made in another country, it tastes almost natural and not processed. I hope they take over that whole plaza now that the pet store next door closed because they need more space! Its hard to hang out there when its really packed and some people need to stop taking up an entire table just so they can use their laptops.
4	This place is pretty fantastic. I actually felt like I was in a real life city when I was sitting here the other day on my laptop looking out the window. I sorely miss living in a real life city, specifically Boston, so places like this make me super happy. Staff are really cool and helpful. Its spacious and clean, and I don't feel like everyone in the place can see my screen, not that there is anything weird on there... okay there probably is, but bottom line is no one else is staring over my shoulder making me feel self conscious about shit I enjoy looking at on the internet. The coffee is delicious and strong. Nothing worse than a weak cup'o joe. I had a pot of their Orange Detox also, which wasn't terrible, but I could tell they used tap water.. I loathe tap water and can immediately tell a difference because I think the tap here tastes absolutely fucking disgusting. I still drank it though, because the chick promised me it would help me feel better.. Guess what, I sneezed all night. O'well.Another thing I liked about this place is that there aren't 500 hipsters or emo-assholes sitting around looking depressed.. maybe I was lucky that day because it wasn't very crowded at all. So yeah, I dug Lola, and the prices are CHEAP. Thankfully this is yet another groovy coffee shop in the valley that is there to help me avoid the Corporate Whore that is Starbucks.
5	Lola is like Lux's bourgeois older sister. You want to hate her for her materialistic/conformist ways and then you wake up and realize that you are her. Skinny jeans don't look good on YOU...they look good on your 20-something 90lb sis. Yeah yeah, you're hip...but that shaggy mop top shit doesn't translate well to the boardroom. The only thing you have in common at this point is your stupid Prius.You've grown up kid. It's a little hard to accept at times, but you will. Your penchant for malnourished, tattooed, possibly sexually confused boys has given way to men. Grownups with stability, good jobs and a formal education. Your idea of a good time has gone from $1.00 PBR specials to 50% off any bottle of wine deals. It's been a long time coming darlin' but you're ready. Embrace, with love, these changes because you can't do shit about it....and you can't live in the past. (Believe it or not, this ENTIRE review was about coffee)
4	I like a latte...do you want a latte?  Do ya? Do ya wanna latte? Maybe a mocha? I'll get you one...a latte? Mocha? I also like my latte without an I'm too cool for school stare, without an I'm trying to hard to be 25 but I'm really 45 hipster crowd, without an ingress and egress that causes instant anxiety, and without disdain for the world...Lola fits that bill and more.I also like my latte with someone who can make fun of the 45 year old hipster as well as the 25 year old hipster, someone who can appreciate some room and time to sit down, someone who can discuss the merits of day drinking, and someone who looks good doing it...Lola fit that bill and more.I also like it when I know I will be back...see you soon Lola.
5	You'll see me at Lola at least a couple mornings a week, sometimes practically every day of the week.I only order the Cafe Latte, but given how good it is, everything else must be good too!  The scones are unbelievably good.  There must be some voodoo in them to make them taste that way - flaky and moist at the same time, just the right amount of raspberry, cranberry, pecans, or whatever the flavor of the day is.Daniel, the owner, is good people.  His staff provides excellent service, and you'll think you are family when you visit.  Smiles all around.
5	amazing! amazing! amazing! coffee! and customer service! i have gone 3x to lola's coffee and each time ive had great customer service and good coffee - im addicted to their cup of joe called "the matador" yum! i give thumbs up to lola's they truly know how to run a coffeebar and make enjoyable and favorable coffee - thx guys!
5	Lola, oh sweet Lola. I've spent many a days in there drinkin my coffee, doing stupid MBA homework and eating pastries. I dig this place because of the vibe and the view. Now I do want to bitch slap the hipster douchebags that I see there once in a while but hey, us military guys don't get down like that. I've always had good service, good coffee and a chill atmosphere to do homework in. Overall, cool little coffee shop. Welcome to cen-pho Lola, I'm sure I'll see ya again soon.
4	Another independent coffeehouse gem that I`ve had the pleasure of stopping in a few times now. Assorted tables, sofas and bar stools along the large windows make a great variety of seatings. I ordered an Americano and scone and sat at a table and just relaxed and enjoyed the atmosphere. My latest stop in here brought me out of the heat since my A/C went out in my place and needed a good place to chill for a couple hours while they fixed it. Lola brought me a piece of mind and cool body for the moment! Thank you!! P.S- love the coffee and scones and yes, there is free wi-fi and music piping through to enjoy!
4	I finally found the cup of ice coffee that can be on the top of my recommended list. Lola coffee was suggested to me as her favorite in midtown. I came in later in the day starving, from not having eaten anything yet and ordered my ice coffee with measured instructions and an scrambled egg dish. The coffee had a substantial after-flavor to it, probably caused by the 2 shots of expresso. I actually like it a lot and thought it raise my baseline on what my usual coffee should taste like. The eggs were priced half off this day and enjoyable. I also order a blueberry tart which tasted moist and warm. Prices are acceptable and as well as the service as they come to take away my dish.The decor has a classy style to it that is depicted by a big candeliar and jukebox. The brilliant color artworks on the wall is eye catching and I must say the unisex bathroom is most deluxe and clean. There are multiple sofas, bar and table seatings to give it a relax atmosphere for a lone or conversational setting. Plenty of parking outside. There was moderately steady foot traffic and this place wasn't dominately occupied by any particular group of students, workers, laptops droids, etc. but mixed. The atmosphere wasn't noisy or worst too quiet and it was ok to briefly talking on my phone if I needed to .I kind of wish they have more meal items and open longer on Sundays; as that would ideal if I planned on sitting in for hours, which I didn't. This would definitely be one of the few coffee places I would come back again for the coffee, lounging with my laptop or meeting up with a friend in a setting that doesn't remind me of a standardized corporate coffee shop. So it's possible for the small shops to beat the chain by making coffee as desirable or tastier than theirs and being different visually with the decor and seating. ( Can't give a 5 yet)
4	Great place for a business meeting. All too often I find myself agreeing to meet at Starbucks but prefer to find locally run coffee houses to meet at. The service at Lola's has always been great, the coffee has always been good, and that translates into better business meetings for me.I highly recommend meeting at Lola's when in north central Downtown Phoenix.
1	As a Lux devotee, it took me a long time to check this place out, but I went in with an open mind.My drink was so bad (iced soy latte) that I'm going to be real generous here and assume that Something Was Amiss or the barista was new or something.  I ended up having to toss it.  How did they mess up something so basic?  HOW.The girl at the register was not friendly.  At all.  The wait for the drink seemed absurdly long considering I was the only person there (again with the new barista theory).  I expected a lot more from the interior.  It was all right, quite airy, but basically bland and boring.Microscopically cheaper than Lux, but I regret wasting my money there and won't be back.
3	'Closed at 7pm' - Sorry I cannot make it.
5	Just left from Lola's and finally feeling like my eyes are open! why haven't i been here sooner? I will no longer be lazy and sit in the drive though of..well, i wont even say the name of that huge company (you know what I'm talking about.) Lola's is very attractive, great prices and has beautiful pastry's. I did not have time to sit down, but there is plenty of space for that, with interesting books on the tables. WiFi, and real coffee cups! The cute girl behind the counter was very nice. She treated everyone like they were a longtime friend. Lola's is great!! See you there :)
5	Ok... now that I have an official Lola addiction, I feel like I can write this review. But be warned... it's only about 2 of the many items they actually serve here: Iced coffee and scones (two of my biggest vices...). The iced coffee is strong and perfect... no sugar needed! It's a blend of coffee and espresso, so maybe it's not the right drink for you if you're a frou-frou coffee kind of person. But you could always throw some syrup in it (if you want to ruin it... ;) ). And it goes perfectly with....SCONES! Moist inside... crunchy outside... uber-buttery... perfection. They rotate the flavors daily, but all of the ones I've had have been wonderful. I dare you to find a better scone in Phoenix (and if you do, please let me know). If the rest of the things here are as good as the two I've mentioned, Lola is don't-miss. Of course... I'll probably never change my order. :)
4	I LOVE this place! I'm a Cartel Coffee devotee and I'd had Lola coffee at La Grande Orange before, but I don't know what it was.  Lola has won a new follower.  The pastries that we tried (tart and muffins) were terrific. I love that It's SUPER close to the light rail which is perfect for us. I like that i didn't feel squished up too close to other people and I heard there's another one downtown so I'm going to try that one next.
4	Everything i have had here has been delicious! The only reason i'm not giving it a 5 is because i wish it was open later, at least on the weekends.
4	Gr8 plcae...I luved the ambience and the coffee of course..It has a very chic and upscale  touch to it..It is located in a very neat & clean area - close to the Biltmore shopping complex...Lolas is spacious and well designed...I will surely recommend this place !
5	love it here! the pastries are always excellent and baked fresh at their other site. Its a pretty big place, there are always seats inside and out, which is really nice. The service was great and very friendly. They have really incredible whip on drinks- it has coffee flavor in it, so totally worth the extra calories :)
4	Coffee - 5 starsThe Matador (a cinnamon mocha) is as good as it gets - iced or hot.  I find myself craving them... and nothing else will substitute.  What send it absolutely over the edge though, is the topping of whipped cream.  Oh, this isn't just any old spray can whipped cream - this is a marvelous concoction of vanilla, espresso, and heavy cream... that just screams to be allowed to top a perfect cup o' joe... though sometimes they are a little stingy with the portion.  The pastries are also delicious.  I like the ever-changing variety and lovely displays.Service - 3 starsI am a sucker for the service at Luci's - where the baristas ask how your day is going, chat with you about what you are doing over the weekend, and generally try to engage you in any sort of conversation.  But, at Lola's, I've found the staff to be much quieter and reserved.  Maybe people like that?  But I definitely prefer a little more of a neighborhood-bar type feel.  They have always been nice enough... but I'd just like to see a little more smiling and chatting going on.Thus, the 4-star rating.  Definitely a favorite coffee shop, and I will continue to return.
4	I returned to this place a couple of times, most recently was this week. Somehow the coffee hasn't tasted as good as the first time. What I really like about this place is that when I'm near downtown Phoenix on a week night, and need a spot with good coffee, a very clean restroom, not too crowded, decent current magazines to read,  and definitely good funky yet nondistracting music that is turn on at a decent lounging volume provides an overall comfortable experience.
5	I working in coffee for three years and its often hard to find a spot I want to give money to. Lola I can dig though. I think the owners name is David, but regardless- he makes the blend of coffee they use. The blend is brilliant and full of flavor. The staff is always friendly and the spot just looks great; the furniture, the art, the music. Great modern coffee house vibe.
5	Daniel's  espresso blend is one of best roasts in the valley
4	Probably the most chic of a cafe that isn't trying to be... Oh and the lattes are fantabulous.
1	Worst. Coffee-related. Experience. Ever. I will say, the beverages were pretty good, not awe-inspiring but good. But the service sucked. It was my first time there and I wasn't sure what I wanted but had been sent with drink orders from some friends. It started poorly. I stood at the counter for several minutes without a single person either before or after me and was not so much as greeted. I've worked in a cafe and that should just not ever happen. If they can greet you over the heads of 30 travelers at an airport Starbucks, I should at least be able to get a hello at a desolate cafe. Second, there was no tea on their menu so I finally asked the dude behind the counter about ordering I asked him about a tea order for my compadre. He looked at a paper behind the register, told me what I was looking for existed and rang me up for it. I guess my biggest complaint is the tone of condescension that was present from the time I opened the door to the time I left. Even the 4 middle-aged patrons looked at me like I wasn't trendy enough to be there. I may not have a snazzy haircut or be walking in with a fancy mac book but I am still intelligent enough to pick up on attitude and, as far as I know, my money is just as good as anyone else's. I will absolutely never go to this location again.
4	On a cool Monday afternoon in Phoenix listening to a busy street where cars pass by and the church bell rings every hour. Ahh! It's nice to sit outside and drink iced tea with honey. Listening to the surroundings and looking up in a clear blue skies. Just appreciating the day.Lola's coffee is not a typical chain of coffee shop but a nice place to relax and tuned down from a busy work day.
2	Coffee: Decent, but didn't blow my skirt upSet-up: Nice decor, lots of room to spread outService: Awful. Don't make me feel like I'm inconveniencing you. I can and will take my business where it's appreciated (Fair Trade, Cartel/Conspire or Lux, for example)Atmosphere: TURN THE FRIGGIN ELECTRONICA DOWN! I enjoy scheduling meetings off-site but not where I need to use sign language to communicate with my vendors. IMPORTANT: My experiences at Lola Downtown have always been good and I'll continue to go there. The layout isn't as conducive for meetings but the service and music are much improved, which of course make the coffee taste just a little less bitter.
4	I usually frequent the downtown Lola, but fate had me in the central corridor and I gave it a shot.This Lola Coffee location is upscale and cozy, much like its sister location in downtown. The business is bright and airy,  with a friendly crowd.Walking in I was greeted with good music and friendly smiles. I grabbed my drink and muffin and was all set.Parking is pretty tricky here, and I am unsure what you're supposed to do if you get there and there are no spots. Cry? Perhaps.My only lament about Lola is that I wish they had more variety regarding pastries/snacky stuff. What they have is good, but kinda dry and plain. I would love to see some simple classics like cheese danish, maybe even a donut, done Lola style. I'm not suggesting that this become a Dunkin Donuts, but there is something to be said for old school treats. There are times that fancy is nice, but sometimes simple beats that out. Like Joe Dirt says, "Don't church it up!"
3	This visit resulted in a mixed bag. The Highlights: Chocolate scone was very good. The Lowlights: The drink I got was good, too bad it was not what I ordered. Would have corrected it, but it took about 15 minutes to get it in the first place. Can't really figure out why, because despite the place being totally full, there were no orders ahead of ours. Yea, I would go back.
4	Very cool place.  We only had coffee, since it was a little late and I didn't feel like having a muffin.  The coffee was very good, the vibe of the place is very hip without being stuffy.  I liked it a lot.
4	Lola Coffee is a great coffee shop with plenty of room to move around and delicious coffee and pastries.  Daniel Wayne, founder of Lux Coffee before he sold it and opened Lola Coffee.  It's located not far from Lux and it's a nice change when you need some additional room to meet with someone.Their coffee is house roasted off site and very good.  They have different varieties of coffee depending on the seasonality and availability.  They have a small selection of cookies and pastries but it's their tarts that set them apart from other places.  Their tarts are divine and luscious.  They also offer some unique cold beverages such as fresh agave lemonade and a variety of iced /hot teas. The Coffee may be a little better at Lux but Lola doesn't have near as many creepy look-e-loo peeps that stare at you while you're trying to enjoy your cup of joe :-)
1	I used to like Lola until I learned the owner is a sexist pig.  I will never visit again!
4	Went in for some coffees after having dinner at Hula's next door. They were getting ready to close but the guy was nice about it and still made a perfect mocha. Didn't get any pastries/cookies but what they had left looked pretty good. Prices are a bit high for the size but for a locally owned shop and a really fresh, well brewed coffee, it's worth it. The decor is awesome and the current artist on display had some really cool stuff that added to the atmosphere of the place. A little too trendy feeling but not really something to complain about. Would definitely go back to try the Matador (cinnamon mocha) or the orange mocha.
4	Stopped in here for a quick drink + snack while waiting for a friend to finish her wedding rehearsal at Brophy Chapel across the street.  Between the two of us, hubby and I had a lemonade, iced coffee and some sort of ganache cake concoction.  All were pretty good.  The barista was friendly, sweet and attentive, and the ambiance was upscale hipster.  Easy parking and not too crowded.
3	5 star staff, but slow WiFi. Drip coffee was disappointing. Questionable music selection. Comfortable seating.
4	I love Lola's on Central. Great location that's not too far away from the Biltmore. Unless it's super packed at Hula's for some reason, you should always be able to find a space to park. There's plenty of spaces to sit and work with their free Wi-Fi. I particularly liike working at the "bar" that overlooks Central. Their music is kind of hipster-y, which is appreciated in a coffee shop, especially if you've spent too many days at Starbucks like I have. However, the music is a little loud in case you want a quieter place to work out of. There's also cute seating outside for a perfect weekend date coffee shop. The blanco is my favorite - sort of a white mocha concoction which I'm sure is over anyone's caloric intake for the morning, but a great drink nonetheless. They've got a ton of pastries, but unfortunately gluten free goodies every now and then. If Lola's would offer that - it would be totally perfect!
4	Pretty good coffee! Friendly barista. Ambience is totally lay back. If you expect fancy, got the wrong place here, the decor is between industrial and forgotten in time classroom furniture. But if it's a good cup of cafe you seek, then you're in good company, give their matador (mocha n cinnamon) a try, it has a good balance between the two flavors n coffee!
4	I was ready for some attitude after reading some of the posts, but my baristas were helpful and were happy to make me a Madator and recommend a pastry to go with it. Stopped in around 9am on a Monday AM and found there was plenty of parking and alot of good seating options. Had the Matador, which was a cinnamon chocolaty good. I had a good buzz after finishing the large. They even had iced lemon water for when I left. Very pleasant detail.Was there for a client meeting, and the sound of the music was fine until they played a song that had a noise effect and all the baby boomers shrilled like someone's cell was ringing in an obnoxious tone. Yeah, they were peeved, but it was a good song!  It seemed to get slightly louder at times, but nothing I was not used to. Overall a good environment to stare out the window and collect your thoughts with a coffee buzz! I will be back.
5	Lola, what a gem! My boyfriend and I walked over here, feeling enticed by an evening coffee and rumors of an outside patio. We decided to bring the dog with us so he could experience Lola too. :)We sat outside and apprehensively parked the dog outside, making sure to clear it with the staff that it was okay to have him outside. The petite brunette barista (wish I had gotten her name!) was so incredibly sweet and gracious. She took the time to come outside and greet our dog, even bringing him a "puppyccino," just water in a bowl but a very sweet gesture nonetheless.The inside is clean and modern looking, but not so modern that all the furniture is uncomfortable. I could certainly see myself passing away lazy weekend days here, happily caffeinated and making good use of the wi-fi. I really wish I had come here sooner, I feel they certainly deserve the business with their tasty and reasonably priced coffee, great staff and low-key ambiance.
4	Awesome decor. Not what I expected at all! Very roomy and had wonderful vibes. The girl at the counter was really nice and recommended some drinks to us that were absolutely delish! I had the Caramel drink and I slurped it down! We decided to sit outside since the weather was so nice and I loved the whole environment. We will definitely go back!
4	Coffee for me is life, that long waited friend who joins you, bringing the reminder of a good day.  Lola is like this, a quirky staff, who bounce between energetic and fun.  Daniel the owner, has created a great spot to relax and capture the movements of Phoenix denizens.  Try the Borgia, but for me the classic will suffice...cappuccino.
2	Oh, how I do love an unfriendly judgy person who's about to take my order. Sarcasm anyone? Call me crazy but I like to be greeted with a smile.I'm looking at the damn board trying to find the chai tea latte prices. Where the heck is the chai listed?!I deem their chai as bland anyway. Unless their blend changes I'll never go back.Side note: Cool chandelier. But walking through people to order sucks.
2	I have been here before and always enjoyed the coffee.  Today went with some friends and we all made a comment about the bad attitude of the staff.  The girl at the register was rude.  I do not think I will be going back anytime soon.
4	The coffee flavored whipped cream on the coffee is yummy! The mushroom asparagus scone was a bit doughy. Great atmosphere!
5	A chic place to have a coffee and meet up with friends. Can't go wrong with a good cappuccino, delish dessert, and next to the metro. Great location.
3	I don't know why I always forget about Lola. I visit on occasion to grab a Friday morning kick in the ass to go, but always regret never sitting down to hang at Lola. It looks so comfy and relaxing. Like a spa. The colors, the textures all make me want to stay. It's not my favorite white mocha, but it's a good one. I wouldn't come back if it wasn't.
5	I am a slave to Lola Coffee!  I usually pick up the bags of whole beans to have at home, but stop by a few times a week for their iced coffee.  Everyone who works here is great, always excellent service (even at 7am when they first open!!)
4	I use to go to Lola often since I lived about 10 min away. It's a funky little place with some tasty mochas. Wish I lived closer.
5	We attended the first Friday in May,(had never attended before) The coffee was perfect! The chocolate cookie was the right texture with my coffee.  When we attended we had the pleasure of listening to music by two wonderfully talented women. The area is beautiful, I had no idea that down town looked and felt like a small town. We loved it!
4	Fantastic coffee shop along my favorite strip of Central. The location is fantastic with comfortable seating and plenty of spots to set down. Their coffee is among the best in CenPho and I make sure to hit this place up anytime that I'm in the area.
5	A really cool spot to hang and have kaffee :)
4	Seriously good coffee. Cinnamon goodness is the Matador.  Barista finished it off with a beautiful fan latte design....I almost hated to drink it!  Love the big cups, the space, the proximity to Brophy. It has a soul.  Yeah, I'm a fan.
4	I just luv this place! I luv the BIG cups and the staff is VERY friendly!!
5	This review will get right to the point.  I had some time to kill before an early morning meeting today, so I gave Lola a try. Espresso = AwesomeService = AwesomeAtmosphere & Music = AwesomeEveryone that stopped in while I was there all seemed very happy, which rubbed off on me.  I'll be back.
4	Great coffee, music and environment. a nice alternative to lux.
4	I found this place on my phone "place" app. and decided to try it out. After all, I needed a place to focus and do some school work. The only downside is that they don't have a chai tea latte, which I always get. I got a Cafe Latte instead, which was great. I love the atmosphere and definitely the free WiFi because I needed to do work. They do play loud music though, in case for some of you who like to work in silence. Overall, love it and very close to the lightrail.
2	I was near this part of town a while back and was wanting a nice little breakfast.  I saw this places was rated pretty high on yelp and figured I'd give it a go.  It looks pretty much just like any and every other coffee shop you've been into.  This nothing out of the ordinary about the looks, which if you are going for a coffee shop that's probably a good thing.  I ended up getting a double espresso and a slice of the quiche.  The quiche was heated up in the microwave and the coffee was served.  The food looked amazing but was far to under seasoned.  I guess they thought that the Parmesan cheese on top would be enough to season the entire thing, but they were really underestimating that.  The coffee was good, it's pretty hard to mess up an espresso.  I didn't rate it very good, but would I go back?  I think so.  I might give them another try, and get something other than the quiche.  Their baked good looked pretty good and their price wasn't crazy or anything.  If I'm in this area again I will probably stop by and they may make me change my review.  I'll keep my fingers crossed.
5	I live out in East Mesa and try to make the drive at least once a week, which is about 55 miles roundtrip...what does that tell you?! I absolutely LOVE Lola Coffee-I get the iced white mochas, and though I normally try to veer away from whipped cream, I HAVE to have it here, it is simply the best. I'm pretty sure they put something in there...it looks homemade, and has the appearance of brown sugar in it-I swear, you have to try it. You'll be addicted. Atmosphere is great, only downfall is I feel as though if I was going to meet a friend for coffee, I couldn't go here-it's a pretty quiet place where people like to work on projects/homework/cruise the internet in silence.  It is now my new favorite spot to work on my writing!
5	This is definitely one of my favorite coffee houses in Phoenix. Incredible coffee and fresh baked pastries. Did I mention they have espresso whipped cream? Yum.
2	I don't get the 7am opening time? Why not earlier?
3	This places gets packed!  Went on a Saturday to meet some people and there was not a table or a chair empty in this place.  Also, there was only 1 person working and the line for ordering drinks was pretty heavy.  She did a good job working the cash machine and the espresso machine!I love the concept of Lola and I want to love Lola's so bad but there are places I have been to that are much better, with bigger space and friendlier people working.
5	Really great place.  Excellent espresso, and the blueberry muffin I had was pretty bad ass.  Definitely will be back.
4	If nothing else, Lola serves THE BEST MOCHA ON EARTH!  They also have a nice selection of fresh baked goods. The atmosphere is laid back and is conducive to relaxing and listening to the good tunes they usually have playing. The service is efficient but in the past sometimes the folks behind the counter seem to have a little attitude which is a little off-putting. However the last time I was here the girl who took my order was so sweet and was the barista. A little attitude would never stop me from coming in, but my visit was all the more pleasant with a few smiles and some friendly banter.
4	Well. I like the atmosphere of this coffee shop. but the coffee taste was not as much great as I expected. (You know,, it depends on person)If I have a chance to be in downtown phoenix, I would go there again, but I wouldn't drive up to there for tasting the coffee.
5	My favorite coffee shop in phx,  their espresso is incredible.  Great mid-century decor, friendly staff, great music.  A way better cup of coffee then you'll find at lux.  My only complaint is that they close on Sunday really early, they need to extend their hours.  This place is still one of my favorite coffee spots in Phoenix and I highly recommend it.
4	I am only giving four stars as of now because I have only been here once. But the quality and taste of their coffee, along with a super friendly staff and customers, has led me to yelp! :o)Seriously though... their coffee is delicious! Super strong, super flavorful and just all around amazing. I find nice coffee shops are not hard to find... however, finding ones that have GOOD COFFEE certainly is!I plan on going to Lola Coffee again soon... as in today =)Atmosphere seemed nice for the time I was in there and the location is convenient.
5	I have been a fan of Lola's since they opened and since Lola's tapas closed. The coffee is delicious. The ambiance superb. I am not a fan of the Lux coffee shops of the world (no offense). But when I feel that I need a white Mac to fit in, it's just not my scene. The music varies with which barista is working but always eclectic and fun. It may sound weird... but try an iced peach latte with whip next time you stop in. It's delicious!
4	I love Lola Coffee. I have been going there pretty much for the past 2 years or so. 99.9% of the time the coffee is amazing and you are in and out (if you are in a rush) relatively quickly. The art work on the walls is always great to look at while you wait. And the pastries are yummy! I recommend the iced coffee with a little 1/2 and 1/2 and some agave sweetener.
5	Only 4 stars? (A few notes: The folks that rated this place low must have been isolated incidences and I feel weigh far to heavy on service rather than product. Dining at a restaurant, rate the service a lil' harder, but a coffee shop, hold your tongue.)Anyway, this place rocks. We aren't super close, but we pass up several coffee shops en route to Lola because the quality is top drawer.The beans, fair trade, and the roast is perfect. The price of a bag of beans is amazing. Doing right by the farmers and then respecting the product with such a solid roast. This is what is all about!I have yet to find a better americano. A splash of cream and a splenda only augments the flavor of the espresso and the richness really shines. I've been to most of the independent coffee shops throughout the area, and if I do find myself elsewhere, I can only compare them to Lola, and Lola wins out each time.
2	Eh.  And, trust me, I wish I felt more for this place as I was really excited to try it.  Go to Cartel, man.
4	Awesome coffee, incredible sweets. Nice, quiet and just around the corner.I'd humbly ask for more power outlets for us home office types who need a getaway spot!
4	I'm partial to Lola's Roosevelt location but this Lola's is quite delightful as well! This coffee shop has plenty of open space and seating, making it perfect for an afternoon of reading, working or simply sitting around and chatting with friends. Lola's coffee is some of my favorite in the Valley and it could have something to do with their delicious homemade whip cream. Yes, I said homemade. It's buttery, it's creamy and it makes any drink more delicious. Oh and their coffee isn't bad either. In fact, their coffee is just as good! I really enjoy their iced lattes and their hot mochas. However, anything here is delicious, including their cappuccinos which I've stolen a sip or two of here and there.
3	The coffee and service are both good, but not great. Pastries are good, but not fresh. I go here when Lux is too busy.
5	Great Coffee and Pastries! Laid back atmosphere and also some awesome art work for sale on the walls from all different artistic genres. When you stop in may sure you get the homemade express creme to top off any great cold or frozen drink its a must have!
4	I wish I lived closer to this little gem! I am a huge coffee fan. I seek out specialty coffee and coffee shops where ever I land. I travel a lot and work a lot, so caffeine is a must for me and I hate bad coffee.This place makes an amazing cappuccino and the sweets and pastries are fresh. There is a lot of seating and it isn't overly hipster, but just enough to be interesting. Really great roast.
4	While I've been known to frequent Starbucks for a Salted Caramel Mocha, I prefer giving my business to locals. I chose Lola's over the weekend when I needed to get some studying done. I got the Black 'N' White mocha (which was neither black nor white, but yummy just the same) and took a seat at the bar at the window looking onto Central.  I enjoyed the atmosphere, and the employees were nice.  Don't expect a lengthy menu, so choosing something shouldn't take long. I didn't try any pastries on hand, but they looked delectable. Parking was tight, it could use more tables and chairs for people with laptops, and for a while it was too warm inside.  At some point, I believe they turned on the A/C even though the front door was still open, so that helped. They have the WiFi password taped to the register, which is really convenient.I like it here and will probably come back.
3	There is nothing wrong with Lola, it is clean, the service is good, but I guess I am missing something about the experience.  I can and have been wow'ed by a cup of coffee before, but not from this place.  The atmosphere is ok, but for the price I guess I would rather go to Lux or if judging product alone and not atmosphere I would just go to Starbucks.  I know the reaction of people reading this is going to assume I don't support local businesses (which I do... A LOT) or I am another Starbucks sell out... Starbucks is great at pushing local coffee shops to be better, I think that is true for others... I am not convinced it is true here.
3	If there customer service didn't suck they would have gotten 5 stars. I come to phoenix a few times a year to shop, enjoy the cactus and spend time decorating my vacation condo. Last Thursday morning I found myself craving coffee but lacking fresh water. The water here is brown and completely undrinkable. I could see the word coffee  taunting me from my balcony, so I did the very un AZ thing and walked here. The place is super cute. Plenty of seating and it had a good atmosphere. It took 5 minutes for the girl to ask me what I wanted. I was the only one standing at the register and they had like 4 employees standing around talking. Forgive me for wanting formalities. What do you want? doesn't put me in a good mood. My cafe au lait was far better then you should be able to get in Phoenix. The foam was creamy and had a pretty design on top. The next time I am in town I will definitely be back but only because your coffee is good and you are 300 hundred feet from my vacation condo. Just don't expect a tip.
3	Lola's on Central is now Citizen Coffee- Not the same.... But still a local coffee shop that beats out your local 'Bucks. I recommend making the trek to Lola's on Roosevelt.
3	= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =Lola Coffee here, home to a fun Yelp Office Hours event a while back, has closed but the place has reopened as a similar business.     :-)
