4	Within St. Andrew Square is the glorious and open space of the newly furbished public garden. Opened in 2008, the garden allows members of the public to use the space surrounding the Melville monument. What has been created is an open and fantastic place for workers to relax during lunch or simply a nice place to relax on a hot Summer's day! The garden is dominated by grass areas where you can lounge about reading a book. Also, there is a new coffee shop for that vital beverage! The focus of the garden is the path which links the areas of Harvey Nichols and Jenners. There are two curvy paths with raised stone sitting areas which act as borders. Furthermore there is a reflecting pool and some areas full of bright colourful plants! Recently, an art exhibition has been hosted within the gardens, which adds to the vibe of the area. St. Andrew Square Garden is a great addition to the area, with it being the number one destination for tired workers and shoppers wanting to chill in the summer sun!
3	Back in the day this was yet another of the fenced-off green spaces in central Edinburgh. For mere mortals it was enough to be able to gaze on its lush interior through the bars of its surrounding fence work. But no more, for the space has been open for a few years now.Within the garden you will now find a pond (sometimes), a selection of trees for shade and grass for lounging, as well as a coffee spot, some benches, vegetation and other treats to liven up the place. Given the amount of human traffic which filters through the park almost constantly I'd say opening it up has saved many hours of walking time and thus boosted Edinburgh's economy by several pounds.I'm writing this review on a Sunday evening after taking in this year's Edinburgh International Science Festival exhibition, which is held annually in the garden. Dozens of images are currently in place, surrounding the central column and bringing colour, creativity and curiosity to the space.It's very important that a city which defines itself by its compact size and ease of access makes the most of these public spaces. Maybe there's a model here for Charlotte Square, Queen Street Gardens and some of the other parts of town currently hidden away in plain site behind lock and key.
5	The Field of Light art exhibit is on and I have had a mental note to go and get some awesome snaps as well as experience this once in a lifetime opportunity!It's amazing and beautiful all lit up in the dark with baubles lits up changing colours!I like st andrews sq now like this as it used to be all closed off, but now it is a public space for all to enjoy!  It's even has a Razzo Coffee bar to perk you up!
4	I always underestimate how lovely this little garden is surrounding the Melville monument. Usually host to various events and exhibitions during the year you are likely to see a fee things pop up in and around here.If not then it is a lovely little place to sit and relax with a Razzo Coffee.
