3	This Marks and Spencers store in Edinburgh is very large, its has several floors for different products, homeware, clothing, coffee shop, etc. It gets very busy there during lunch time hours but the till operators are rather speedy at their jobs so you don't have to wait around too long in the queues. They sells some really nice looking women clothings, as well as mens, childrens and homeware items too. The quality of the items are excellent and not too pricey either. Defintely a nice place to go and visit to when your in Edinburgh.
4	I'm a big M&S fan, perhaps it's something ingrained in me because of my upbringing and British culture, but in my mind the brand is synonymous with quality and good taste. Their clothes are not at the cutting edge of fashion, but if you need a good pair of black trousers or a cashmere jumper they come up tops every time. This store is brilliant as it manages to have everything under one(sprawling) roof: men's, women's and children's clothes, lingerie, home ware, a food hall and a cafe - all in the centre of Princes Street. The women's deparment is vast; it includes the slightly more expensive Autograph collection, a fantastic range of basic items (plain coloured vests, simple jumpers etc) and lots of cosy PJs. Their sales are a great time to visit as everything is massively reduced and the returns policy is very generous.
1	Swanky capital of the world. It's only M&S i kept saying to myself, as I was passed around from Customer Service rep to manager to checkout girl, each showing me nothing but contempt and making me feel like I wasn't welcome in the shop. I think it had something to do with my with Misfits t-shirt and my old trainers. I didn't know there was a dress code for buying a sandwich! Tighter than Jenners, avoid.
4	I don't shop in Marks and Spencers for clothes as I haven't reached forty and don't have three kids. But I do love: 1. Their underwear department. There always seems to be a sale section full of ridiculous bargains. I got a bra in here for 98p. 98p! How many things can you still buy for 98p? As a bargain hunter, this makes me happy. 2. The home department. This store doesn't have the best home department in all the Marks and Sparks, but they do have some nice things. And again, there can be some fantastic reductions in some good quality gear. I got a nice blanket in here for a tenner which keeps me nice and warm during the cold winter. And summer. 3. The food department. Everyone knows about Marks and Sparks food department and if you don't, well you don't deserve to shop there. Percy Pigs: Nuff said. Yes Marks and Spencers might be a little old fashioned and snobby, but it keeps the Neds out (which I am convicted are taking over the country) and maintains high standards. You can usually rely on good customer service too.
4	This Marks and Sparks feeds the masses.It's right in the middle of Princes Street so whenever the power-suits or baggy-briefed alike need their lunch, they come here. It's convenient and the food is good - why not! I can highly, highly recommend their sweet chilli prawns. I'm salivating at the thought.However, it's a bit of a victim of its own success. If you hit it at the wrong time, everything is gone, or if you hit it at the right time then you have to queue for about 10 minutes. I've seen myself eating my lunch in the queue and giving the cashier an empty wrapper to charge me.Their food is brilliant though, you can't deny it.
5	As quintessentially British as fish and chips, moaning about the weather and bitterness, Marks and Sparks has went for an image change over the past few years, and as the other reviewers have pointed out, have had some success in dumping their fuddy duddy image and luring in younger customers to their fashion section.However, despite being clearly at the cutting edge of fashion, it's still always the food hall that drags me in. It's no myth that everything from a pre-packed ham sandwich to a full ready meal here tastes better than almost anywhere else, and although it is undeniably quite pricey you really do get what you pay for at M&S. My most recent highlight was a crispy chinese chicken dish that was easily restaurant quality, and a tub of the most moreish flapjacks imaginable.Top notch.
4	C'mon!  It's Marks & Spencer!  If you're visiting the U.K., you've gotta stop at Marks & Spencer.  I remember visiting one in London when I was on a high school field trip many years ago.  As another reviewer says, they're changing their old image in order to lure younger customers.  I remember the one I visited back in '94 was oh-so conservative.  I was shedding my grunge image back then.It reminds me of the old Kaufmann's in my native Pittsburgh before Macy's got its hands on that venerable institution.  This place has a foodhall.  Kaufmann's had a foodhall.  This place has a bakery, wine shop, and floral shop.  Kaufmann's had them too.  This place has electronics and, well you get the idea.The women's department reigns supreme here.  Although I didn't intend on buying anything, I did manage a couple of Fair Trade T-shirts.
5	I LOVE Marks and Spencers food. The melt in mouth chocolate cookies, the delicious range of sandwiches, the crisp vegetable pizzas and not forgetting Percy Pigs!This is an excellent branch on Marks & Sparks simply food, it's huge so has an excellent selection but the only downside is that it can get ridiculously busy due to it's prime location on Princes Street but I don't let that put me off venturing in. Nothing keeps me away from my Percy Pigs, not even 10 mile long queues.If there's one thing I spend a lot of money on, it's food. Eating is my favourite thing to do and I just can't resist the goodness of trusty old Markies! I was doing a bit of shopping in nearby Topshop and was getting a little bit tired out, it's hard work being a shopaholic you know! So, I decided to head along to Simply Food for a bite to eat. I had a hankering for their delicious chicken cous cous salad box with pumpkin, green beans and balsamic vinegar dressing. I made a bee-line for the sandwiches section and snatched up a box of my favourite salad. I couldn't resist browsing the sandwiches and ended up getting a salmon and cream cheese sarnie too. Once I'd grabbed a juice box and a cookie I was on my merry way to the checkout.As I was leaving I noticed that this huge branch of Simply Foods has it's very own cafe so I perched down and started gorging on my reasonably large lunch. Absolutely delicious.
2	Markies meals are a taste of my child-hood. They're like home-cooking to me. (That's not to say my mum didn't cook home meals, she did - very well. But on her night's off, we got our markies meal and chocolate pud. Yum.) Where am I going with this? Ah yes. Me and Markies. I really like M&S, especially their food. And when they launched their 'Simply Food' focus and stores a few years back I was overjoyed.This review isn't of the brand, or the quality of food itself. Its of this particular store. It's right in the middle of Princes Street, great location. But holy moly is it a labyrinth inside! There are semi-floors on floors, escalators in 4 different places on the shop floor - front, back, and middle going sideways. What....?My biggest gripe however is the opening hours. It is a food supermarket (there's a whole simply food downstairs, and it's a big 'un). And it's only open till 7pm. WHAT?! When I lived in Glasgow, there was a Simply Food on Byres Road that stayed open till 10pm. So if I went to the gym after work I was guaranteed a tasty M&S meal after. Or if I went to the pub. Or did some late night shopping. Or went to an evening networking event.So when I looked up the hours and saw this one closed at 7pm, when almost every other big supermarket I know closes at 10pm, I really thought they need to get that sorted. Like, really. This girl has Iced Spiced Buns and heaty-up moussaka cravings y'know!
5	What is there not to love about a Marks and Spencer Cafe!?!? They are easy to find....... pretty much safe to assume if you are in Marks and Spencer you are going along the right track! They are reliable, they have a wide selection of cakes, sandwiches, toasties, and hot meals too, it is cheap, oh and the little mini biscuit you get with hot drinks (it is the small things that matter!)Ok, so I decided it had been a while since I had gone and had my favourite, a cheese scone (they are SOOO tasty!) and a Chai Tea Latte. On a serious note, Chai Tea Latte fans, you have to, you must, I thoroughly encourage you to go to a Marks and Spencer cafe...... why??? They make the best Chai Tea Latte I have EVER had!! They use proper chai teabags, not syrupy stuff that tastes like it, and it is like a big massive christmassy hug in quite a lovely sized mug! Granted whenever I go here I am by and far and a way the youngest customer by about 40 years, but I love it!?? I would much rather sit here in a nice, quiet, friendly atmosphere than some bustling city centre cafe full of rude people who are constantly in a rush! Plus you can wander round the food court afterwards to eye up more goodies to take home. Winner all round.
4	I love Marks and Spencer. It has always been the exciting options for picnic lunches, baked goods and innovative dishes which you just don't find at other supermarkets. It is more expensive for most things, though this price difference is usually evident in the quality of the products. Because of the price difference, I do find that this a place to come occasional, when in need of a treat!My boyfriend and I come here with a few things in mind usually: veggie Percy pigs (these are seriously addictive), the individual pots of raspberry jelly (which is vegetarian), and I come for here for the fantastic gluten free selection. The gluten free options here are limited, but quite innovative in relation to the competition. Alongside own brand GF loaves and rolls: hot cross buns, rich fruit cake, chocolate and cherry cake (my 2nd favourite), frangipane tray bake (my ABSOLUTE favourite-buttery, dense, intense), lemon cake (personally I found the lemon icing very weird and the sponge a bit dry), and various other seasonal offerings. This is great when Tesco just offers few treats and the bare minimum in terms of staples. I would love it if M&S could develop their own GF pastries, especially croissants...The fruit and vegetables here are also top notch, if not a little expensive. I discovered jazz apples here, way before other supermarkets had cottoned on to their superiority in flavour and texture. I bought the best mango I have had in the UK at this branch of M&S last year... It was imported from Brazil, ripe, sweet and flavoursome. I am not a ready meal person, but if I were I would buy them from here. I have bought the veggie nut roasts here on several occasions for Christmas when eating at a relative's house, and they have never disappointed. There is a good selection for veggies and many different cuisines, including French, Greek, Spanish, Indian, traditional British, Thai and Chinese. The aim is often to create fusion or authentic food. The puddings here are very exciting and the television adverts are notorious for ruining diets... Salted caramel profiteroles? Panettone bread pudding? Admittedly some of the standards are hit and miss, I am positive that the apple crumble from Sainsbury is better. In terms of innovation though, M&S wins. M&S is a department store and does sell clothes, stuff for the home, gifts and various other necessities and luxuries. I am not very familiar with their clothes, though I know my mum is crazy about them... The gifts often look pretty. There are several cafes in the store, and on the ground floor there is a travel exchange. The rate is often quite competitive. To conclude, think of M&S as a luxury brand and don't get too shocked at the prices. Maybe this isn't the place to buy everything, but it can certainly become a favourite for certain luxurious goods.
4	This review will be about the supermarket downstairs as I have not been into the shopping part. This place is one of the best things on Princes st if you ask me! I have walked by the entrance  dozens of times and today as I did not get my bratwurst I was craving I finally decided to go down into this place. I LOVED IT! Its a big supermarket and the only giant one on Princes st. It had a good supply of lunch items like sandwiches and best of all Salads! Like a wall of fresh salads I was really impressed. The little bakery looked good as well as the wine section with lots of choices. Theres also 2 little cafes that serve food and coffees. I had a edamame salad and enjoyed it in the sit down area of the cafe. The prices are not to horrible either especially for the quality of the food which is awesome! So I have found my new quick lunch area when I feel like eating healthy and I recommend folks going here if you feel the same as I.
5	After so many expensive meals while travelling abroad, we relied upon M&S for a few picnic lunches.  The grocery is superb!Bakery bread, sliced gouda, deli meat, pork pies, apples, GORGEOUS strawberries and grapes, cookies, and you're all set.  They had a huge array of foods for all palates and diet requirements.  Everything was of very high quality, freshness, and taste.  It was both a relief to the wallet, and to the stomach, to get good helpings of berries after the heavier restaurant meals.  I have never had more delicious strawberries in my life.They were nicely and logically arranged, and the checkout procedures were easy and stressless.  Anyone we encountered for directions or transactions was super cordial.  The M&S stores are all over the UK, so it was good to know they were there.
