5	Just had an awesome experience here! Pedicure was over an hour of massaging, hot rocks, hot towels, friendly service, they brought me a soda, it doesn't smell like chemicals in here- they have a separate acrylic room, its relaxing and soothing here! would recommend herbal nail bar to anyone! Couldn't have picked a better place for my birthday pedicure :)
5	GREAT pedicure after a long weekend watching volleyball.  Very relaxing.  Great people, music, beverages and free wi-fi.  Not to mention amazing chairs.
1	I agree the chairs, beverages and music were great, but my experience was not a good. one  I told the tech what time I needed to be done, and kept reminding her throughout, but she ran long anyway and I ended up being late to pick up my kids.  That wasn't too bad, but then they cashed my check twice.  Once on the day of the pedicure, and once again two months later.   I didn't even know that was possible.  They've done a bad job of helping me to relax.
5	Absolute best pedicure I've ever gotten from a strip-mall, walk-in type nail salon. Was very bright, fresh, and clean! I got the fresh lime pedicure and it was amazing. Lasted a long time, say goodbye to 1 minute massages! With that said, you will probably want to come here when you have some extra time, I was in there for over an hour & was worked on right away. Polish selection was great, and the gel polish selections looked beautiful I will have to try a gel mani on my next visit. The whole experience was great, and the price for what you pay is amazing. I left with a completely relaxed and happy feeling! Can't wait to come back.
5	Just came back from getting a pedi, was one of the best  i have had! Left feeling complete relaxed....thank you Leon aka James Bond. Will definitely be a repeat customer
1	Herbal nail bar used to be one of my favorite places to go!  Michelle is amazing!   Unfortunately, the owners are not truthful.  You ask how long is the wait Nguyen one of the owners said no wait.   Great then after 20 minutes he said to me so you mind waiting 10 minutes!   Are you serious!   You order the deluxe during peak time Nguyen tells his people hurry up hurry up just skip that they don't know.   Well as a person that frequents the place I sure do know!   And not to mention its rude to say that in front of your clients.  And not welcoming at all!    It is so unfortunate he runs his business that way.   I will never go there again and I will certainly do my part to steer people in the other direction solely based on dishonest business practices
5	I just left this place after a fantastic pedicure and gel mani. The pedi experience is phenomenal. Hot stone massages that are extra long is the standard here and it's the same price of a normal pedicure! Unbelievable. The place is very clean, I might add. Most places wreak of acrylic fumes but they keep acrylic workstations separate am enclosed from the main room. This place is 5 stars in my book. Highly recommend!!!
1	I'm having a hard time rating this place. The pedicure is awesome, I would give them 5 star but the facial was terrible. My mom came to visit and I wanted to have some quality time together. I wanted to relax a little so I booked a facial for me and one for my mom. Our apt was at 1:30 and we got started 1:45 or so. The girl was very nice, and friendly. However, the relaxing was awful. I would say that was the most terrible relaxing experience ever. Their massage rooms are in the back and people kept talking loud and also going outside using the back door that was squicking every time was opened or closed. The girl that was doing the massage asked people about 3 times to stop making noise but they didn't stop. I would go for a pedicure but I will NEVER have a facial at this place again.  I wanted this place to be the place I go to relax since is near my house,  but it's not.
5	BEST pedi EVER by Michelle. This was my first time here, and I will definitely be returning. I paid for the basic pedi and it included a LONG massage with hot stones.
5	Great find! The staff is super friendly, the place is nice, clean, and relaxing. The pedicure (deluxe lime coconut) was amazing--especially for the cost. If we lived here, we'd be regulars. We'll just have to make this a regular place when we visit instead. If you live in Phoenix, you must go!
4	Great atmosphere! The place really goes far from the traditional nail shop without being a spa. Fresh fruit, a seperate room for acrylics, advanced treatment packages (real fruit scrub) , and cool decor. My nail tech wasn't to friendly but not rude either. My pedicure buddy had a swuper sweet talkative lady so I just had a bit of nail tech envy. The whole talking in a differnent language thing was present and I felt a little uncomfortable, but that's every shop! Overall worth a trip once in a while. The Pedi was about $15 more than a normal but came with like 5 extra spa-like services!!!!!!
5	Vu did a fantastic job on my new set of acrylics!  I'm going on 3.5 weeks now and besides the obvious growth, they still look fantastic!  I'm ready to make an appt. for my fill and by then, I'll be at four weeks.  I got the 20% off new customer discount, too, can't wait to go back!
3	I used to love coming here for pedicures. I have got my nails done several times too.  If you don't mind waiting long and being told inaccurate times then this place is good for pedicures. I would go somewhere else for nails.  Every time I left a day later my nail would chip or break.  I have decided now to go across the street. I haven't had any issues there.
2	I have tried to go here twice now both times I arrived two hours before they close both times I jave been told that they would not do my nails. Both times I called before going and was told they would be able to do a full set for me. I am a strong believer in second chances but this place blew it!!!!! They may do a great job but I have never been able to find out. If ypu are considered this place I would call a day a head of time to insure services.
5	This place is just wonderful! I have been several times over the past seven months, almost each time with my 3 and 7 year old daughters. Each time the staff was incredibly sweet and accommodating to them. They even let my girls feed the fish in the pond. Anyone with kids knows that is a rare find. As for the mani's and pedi's they are amazing!!! I usually get the orange treatment and just love it. The ladies rub your legs and feet a lot longer here than at other places. They're also really good at getting any callouses off. Lastly, the nail design is just gorgeous! There are many options available and from my experience each person is capable at doing this. I have found every staff member working there very kind. Except one, there is an older blonde woman who works the front desk that was incredibly rude. Not sure who she is but I hope to avoid her from now on.
5	I have been to this place several times and love it!  I have always received excellent pedicures and gel manicures.  They really take their time with thorough massages.  Additionally, I end up bringing my 4 year old often, and the staff is so sincerely welcoming to her.  No toxic fumes (separate acrylics room) and toxin-free products a plus.  Well worth every cent, and does not cost more than other (toxic smelling) places in the area as far as I can tell.
4	I went in after work on my Birthday in January. I had called before I went to make sure I could get in for a pedicure, a full set of gels and to get directions. I got in around 5pm.The place is lovely and clean. The staff was Welcoming and friendly. One of the first things I noticed was that they use liners in the foot bath tubs. The pedicure was heavenly! The Ty took her time to do a wonderful job on my feet and it was blissful. She was very kind and attentive.When it was time to get my nails done, there had been a communication and they thought I had simply wanted gel polish, not a full set. It was Quickly rectified and Vu took Very good care of me. He did a Fantastic job on my nails, even going so far as to do a few little extra things when he found out it was my Birthday. His detail work was beautiful and well worth every penny. I've had my nails done at different places around town before and I have always had to do some kind of touch up when I got home. Whether it was to smooth a rough spot or file a sharp point down. Vu did Such a good job that I did not have to do a thing to my nails at all.If you live in this area, this place is a wonderful, Clean place to get your nails and feet taken care of by caring, friendly staff. Pedicure=$35Full Set nails=$45  They were running a special where you get half off a full set when you get a pedicure too, so total=$60
2	The pedicure itself was amazing. Although, I made an appointment for 3:30 with Helen, didn't actually get into a pedicure chair until 4:30, only to find out Helen was sick that day and not there. I asked for the fresh pedicure, because I knew that the price was $25, and was charged $35. I was not aware of what was in either package so during the pedicure I had no idea which one I was receiving. The salon was very clean, friendly, and refreshing, I'm just not sure if I will be back, I need a more time efficient salon.
1	Vu did an amazing job on my nails and very personable.  Although he doesn't work there any more. I had an appt. and they never even called me to let me know it was cancelled until I arrived. (that happened twice.) The owner on the other hand likes to talk about his employees behind their back. I found that very unprofessional.  When I left that day I wondered what he said about me when I left. I will never go back.
2	I got my nails done and it took forever and I asked for bright pink, he gave me a dark red. I said can we do the bright pink instead (since I needed it to match for a wedding) the nail teach was extremely mad and he was hard to communicate with. After I tried apologizing, although it was only one nail he had to re do, he told me to pay attention to what color the jar was. Overall, the service was poor and they were very rude.
3	http://kristilynk.wordpress.com
5	Love how I am treated, I find a picture on Pinterest and they do it!!  There isn't any nasty chemical smells.  They actually use real aloe etc per the pedicure you pick.  Massage is excellent!   I have been going here for a while and have always been treated very well.   My favorite times to come are mon-fri, no appt and I get right in.  I know if I try to come on the weekend it's best to make an appt!
5	I have this thing with Yelp that when I see a place that has 3 stars, I try it, because I end up having an amazing experience! Everyone will have their opinions and everyday at a nail salon is different. I could've just been lucky. It was around 4pm and I called and made an appt for 5:30.I walked right in and was seated at the first chair and they offered me a beverage. They have an array of free beverages, including sodas, but I thought just water for me please! Nice and cold just how I like. I was presented with an overwelming amount of gel colors to choose from in the form of color wheels. Once I chose my color, I was all set to go!The nice old man that did my nails was extremely meticulous when it came to cutting the cuticles to painting the very corners of the nails. They have a TV that streams their various ads for the store and one read that they have a 10 day warranty of no chipping, etc. Well no kidding! I have three layers of the base coat alone! And that's before the actual color. Going on day 5 and still lookin faboosh!One complaint I may have is that it was a little chilly but it's Phoenix...it'll be wonderful in the coming months of our brutal summers. Can't wait to come back for a pedicure. All in all: very impressed! Thank you!
1	I just walked out of this place. I cannot believe how terrible the customer service was. I attempted to use the yelp deal which advertises half off a full set with purchase of a pedicure. There was no expiration on this deal. The receptionist told me that the deal is expired and that I could use the coupon that is in the coupon flyers. I said well it's the exact same thing- same deal. He asked me if I had the coupon, I did not because I'm not from here. He told me that I can't use the deal then. Okay?? I walked out. Obviously they did not want my business. Regardless they should have honored the yelp deal and then immediately stopped advertising the deal on yelp. This is terrible customer service and I will stick to my local place in Vegas.Unprofessional.
2	Poor customer service and not a very relaxing environment. I had tried a bunch of different nail techs and was never satisfied with the results. A couple of months ago I was lucky enough to find an excellent nail tech named Amanda. She just switched jobs so I will follow her to Lobo Nails and spa. It is located at 59th and Union Hills right next to United Blood Services.
5	Wow, really great value! I have been here twice for a pedicure. I love the pedicure choices. Both times I have had the best foot/leg massages. I did not feel like I was being rushed out. I also liked that there was no typical nail salon smell. I will go back!
1	This salon has sadly gone downhill since it opened. I was very impressed the first couple of times I went the service was great, and they did a fantastic job. But somewhere in the last year the customer service has gone downhill. Extraordinary wait times that I have never experienced anywhere else, and a complete lack of respect for my time. Today was the icing on the cake though. I walked in said I need a manicure and pedicure and the women up front said we aren't taking walk ins today. That's it. I said, um ok and walked out. She never offered to reschedule or get me to stay. She just say back and watched 50 dollars walk out the door.
2	Just left this place (clean and lots of pedicure chairs) after my first attempt at a relaxing hour or so to myself after having a baby a few months ago. I was in desperate need of a pedicure due to the lack of time I have for myself with a toddler and infant. I waited at least 15 minutes when it didn't seem that busy...it is Wednesday after all. The water was scorching hot and the guys just says "oh". My actual tech seemed like a nice guy but he probably spent the first 15 minutes commenting on how dry my feet were and sort of making fun of them. WTF? Dude, it is the end of summer, I told you a few times about my young children and how I am excited to get out of the house for the first time, and I know they are dry and calloused...that's why I am here. Quit the critiquing and do your job. Have had several pedicures and have never been made to feel self conscious or embarrassed about my feet. I have seen worse than mine over the years and I am here to feel good and relax, not be made fun of. Probably won't come back.
4	I love this place! Jack & Kevin give amazing pedi's! Sure they are not the cheapest place in town but I think the quality of product is enough to keep me coming. I can even overlook their very useless receptionist. I mean no disrespect it could be her lack of training.... All I can say is this is my fifth encounter with dealing with her and she screws up every appointment that is if I am not there to assist her. I have time to write this review as I'm sitting here at herbal nail spa as she yet again screwed up my appointment.
