5	I have a confession to make my fellow yelpers...I am SO sorry to say this, but I've been hiding a lil gem all to myself. China Buffet is my all-time favorite chinese food buffet. We're always greeted with a smile and a nice autmosphere, I like the sing-songy contempo chinese pop in the background, it's not too loud so it's good. The dining area is vast and is always kept clean. The uniformed staff are always on the ball - clearing plates as soon as you take your last bite and always offer to refil drinks.The food is very very good. I love the bbq pork. The sesame chicken & beef n broccoli are favorites of mine as well. Their wonton soup is super yummy! I always start every meal a nice bowl of a couple of 'tons. lol. But the real attraction for me is the Sushi Bar!! Their sushi is real hit or miss... but is more hit than miss... and since it comes with the meal - it's worth atleast taking a gander at. Their salmon nigiri is always good when in stock, as is their shrimp nigir - but I have had a couple of pieces of bad tuna nigiri, which disappoints me but I still go back and give it a go. When tipped well - the sushi chef will make things to order. The sushi isn't the best in the city - by far, but it is good. I've taken a lot of people to China Buffet and everyone liked it except for one friend who thought their abolone was gross... but abolone IS gross... regardless of where it comes from. And so i say unto you, my fellow yelpers please forgive me for keeping this place a secret. I hope you try China Buffet and enjoy your visit. It's one of my favorite places to dine anywhere and I constantly use this place a measuring rod for the new chinese places I visit and they rarely compare.
4	I have to say, I agree with Cher on this one.  I really liked this place.  The food was very tasty, and the staff was very friendly.  I moved from the area shortly after finding it, but I would probably stop back by if I was in the area again.
3	This place has good food and friendly service but hardly any business. I was there on a weekday at 7 pm and I was the only person there. Not sure if that's do to panda express being  next door.
3	= = = = = = CLOSED = = = = = =This place has folded again.  The food was fine, but it's just a hopeless location for such a business!
