4	It had been a while since I went to the dentist. I wasn't afraid of seeing one I just couldn't afford it. I searched long and hard to find a place that would work on a payment plan without insurance. I got a referal from a friend at work it was a little bit of driving to get there, but I'm happy I did.  Dr. Ray was great he offered me a lot of different options as well as giving me a discount for paying in cash. They were professional and had great customer service.
5	Great Dentist! My dentist I usually go to told me I needed not 1, but 2 ROOT CANALS & 2 CROWNS- $4,200. I went in for a second opinion at Dr Rays and he told me ZERO Root Canals, 1 cavity filled and replaced the crown that had come off. Stand up office with morals & ethics plus he's an ASU Sun Devil. Thank you!
5	Not that I look forward to going to the dentist, but Dr Ray and his staff make it an easy visit.
5	Went to Dr. Ray after a root canal nightmare with severe pain. They got me in as soon as I called. The x-rays looked okay, but he referred me to an endodontist to get to the real root of the problem. He didnt try to fix it himself and cost me more pain and money. He also spent a lot of time with me and was sympathetic. For the exam and x-rays it was $30 which you can't find anywhere. I will definitely be going back when I need other dentistry work.
5	I have a phobia of needles so dentist visits make me very nervous. When I went to Ray Family Dentistry I was amazed at how at ease they made me feel. Dr Ray had to numb me up for some work but the shot was so smooth that I hardly felt it. The other great surprise is how reasonable their pricing is. I've been to several dentists before and I know that Ray Family Dental Care is where me and my family will be going!!!
5	Very friendly and courteous staff!  Everyone here is so nice.  No problems with their billing department like I'm used to having at other dentists. So fortunate to have found this office. We just moved into town from California where due to issues had not been able to see a dentist in nearly a year but Dr Ray was able to see us and provide excellent service for my family of 4 within 2 days!
1	. A vet has more compassion for a stray dog than this place has for LONG TIME PATIENTS -Claim to care about there patients , then don't recommend someone in excruciating pain and an exposed nerve AND EXTREME ANXIETY go to a free dental clinic (been there and I wouldn't send my worst enemy) . Telling someone in tears tuff shit because you can't pay today is a pretty crappy  practice . Not to mention I have been a patient of dr. Rays for almost a year. I am a cash pay and I have had several fillings done and 2 root canals , you can do the math , I'm OBVIOUSLY good for the money. The temp filling he did on my root canal in January is still holding strong . The temp crown his assistant placed has broken 3 times , the last 2x were the same day it was placed . The time before that I tried telling her the finished crown had a hole in it and she made me leave that way , it cut my tounge up pretty bad and dr. Ray fixed it. Fast forward to today I broke my tooth on Monday and havnt been able to eat or  drink for going on 3 days . And I am short on $ due to the fact that I have been paying out of pocket for my moms brain cancer treatment and medication over 2k a week . I call the office to explain my situation (I can hardly speak) and the same assistant who botched my root canal temp crown several times says to me well I havnt had a chance to talk to dr. Ray regarding your situation but you should go to at. Vincent depauls dentist . Are you serious ?! Tell you what , I'm going to drink myself unconscious until I get paid in 2 weeks and take my ass to Mexico where they can either shoot me and put me out of my misery or if I'm not dead from a heart attack from my Bp being so high from the pain maybe I can find a stranger with pliers to do the job .Don't waste your time developing a relationship with these people because no matter how much or how long you have been with them they don't care .
5	Ditto to the often repeated "friendly and courteous staff". Going to any doctor is usually accompanied with anxiety, fear of needles, etc. Dr. Ray takes time to visit and explain everything thoroughly. I had an old crown break off on a Sunday (when office was closed) and was able to get an appointment for early morning the next day. Even though his office was full, he found time to do what needed to be done. He has an outstanding and calming "bedside" manner, enabling me to be not so nervous. His prices are reasonable. He is a perfectionist when it comes to dentistry and he makes sure everything is at its best. I have been to numerous dentists in my lifetime. Without a doubt, Dr. Ray is the best in my opinion.
5	Great dentist and super friendly, efficient and professional staff!  My wife and I have been seeing Dr. Ray for several years and we always have a great experience. We have both done Invisalign and teeth whitening treatments and those have worked just the way we wanted.  We have referred several family and friends and will continue to do so.
