2	If this were the only Smith's in town it would be closed. The employees are lazy & rude and the place is always in a state of disarray. Like Sandi K said they have the entrance blocked up with sale items and of course the CASINO is right inside the door for the gamblers.We only shop here when other locations are out of SALE items and for some reason this loccation has an adequate supply.
3	I'm rating this grocery store 3-stars because:*) Broccoli crowns: $1.65/pound CRISP*) A one pound bag of peeled baby carrots: $1.19 (I usually get loose carrots, those were even cheaper)*) A better selection of Apples, I got a 3 pound bag of Gala Apples for $3.00. Braeburns and Pink Ladies (whatever they are) for like $1.15 a pound.*) Navel oranges $0.89 a pound.*) Deli-counter roast beef, best price $6.50/pound, most expensive $8.00/pound.  8 ounces of Tillamook cheese for just two bucks, haven't seen that in a while and that's what I consider the fair price.*) Meat/Fish counter was stocked and manned, as was the Deli/Hot Foods counter.*) Self-Service checkout with a very attentive attendant. I intentionally put her through her paces. I put a fifty-nine cent lemon on the scanner and she told me the code, I intentionally dorked up the code twice just so I could see how she handled "stoopid peeps" ;) She had to do a void on my ticket, and was constantly having to reset the "Call Attendant" flag.  LOL. I guess she really enjoys helping people, because never once did I see her get upset.*) Generally, the deli counter guy was polite and friendly, as was the meat/fish counter guy. There was a security guard talking on his cell phone to his wife or girlfriend or whatever (yeah, it WAS that obvious), but at least there WAS a security guard.This grocery store would rate higher if:*) The shopping carts were a little cleaner...at least not gunky.  And putting sani-wipes at the entrance to the store is life support at best, not quality of life.*) Prices continued to be more competitive. Although I like the direction I saw today with prices at this store, there could be significant improvement, and don't be pleading poverty to me, that's malarke. A 12-pack of Coca-Cola should not cost $5.00! That's at least 60% more expensive than it should be! Couldn't find any loaf of bread under $2.50 in the bakery. Alcohol prices are wicked high at this store.
4	I am upgrading my review of this grocery store because:*) I watched a member of the management team in action, and was very impressed. There's a lot going on here!*) The employees I've come into contact with at this store remind me less of a West Coast culture and more of a Midwest culture. People look you in the eye, genuinely converse with you, try to be honestly friendly...not the Vee Oh Enn Ess fakey Ell-Lay sort of scripted "it's my job" friendliness but a Nebraska Cornhusker/Oklahoma Sooner sort of "Hello, Neighbor" kind of friendliness. Every single one of the employees at this Smith's that I've come into contact with are like that. Heck, that alone is worth five stars.*) Prices at this Smith's are moving more in-line with other Smith's I frequent (but still have a ways to go). I am encouraged by the direction of prices in this way. That says the management is trying to be honest about their business and stay in line with the prevailing economic conditions. Still a ways to go, as I keep hearing so annoyingly "It's Early Days" but, yeah.*) Hustle Hustle Hustle! Was it because the boss was on the floor? Everybody was busting chops, there.*) Cleanliness. 'Nuff said.
2	I like this location better than some others in town. Smith's is owned by Kroger. Unless they've changed they are open 24 hours which is necessary because it's too hot to do anything until after 10 p.m. anyway. I don't like shopping at 10 p.m. and having the aisles blocked with boxes they are stocking. Can't this wait until later in the evening when nobody is shopping?
4	I like this one better than the one down the street from us- seems more normal and less transient too. When I go here, it's because I am in the area. It's a bit dated inside but easy enough to find things. It's usually a quick trip. The parking lot seems more busy than the store itself.
3	Ahh what a place. Especially after a late night and you need to pick up something to the morning, well, drop by this place.We made our monthly Vegas run and the entertainment is priceless. We ran into a couple of homeless people who said "Lets get the Good stuff" and of course, they rolled out with their bottles of joy juice. From there we went to get our own while doing some planking! We did planking on the shopping carts! Classic, but good times, especially when they called "customer services, aka security, over to the liquor section. Service was great, parking is never an issue, and free entertainment is never at a loss.
3	The selection in here of bakery items seems above par vs other Smiths stores. Its a older smiths but still clean and kept up very well. The parking lot is smaller and can get crowded at times. Very friendly and helpful employees though.
4	Don't do much grocery shopping but enjoy going in from time to time with my husband, I'm lucky that he loves to cook and usually picks up groceries as needed.  Smiths always has deals, if you are looking to save, they have great 10 for $10 deals, so you can stock up or just pick up a few.  Not my usual place to shop, we usually do westside, but this was on the way and well, it's fun to try someplace new.  It seems a bit crowded, but still has the great stuff I see at other smiths.  The neighborhood is not your safest, but the store is clean and well kept. Friendly staff and customer service.
3	This is a nice Smiths i use for all my grocery shopping,  getting my Red box,  and doing my banking a great one stop shop for all my needs.I mostly love that the US Bank inside this Smith's is open 7 days a Week! Late on Weekdays (Like 7 pm) and late afternoon on weekends (4-5pm?) There's always some sort of charity or girl scouts or boy scouts or soccer club of some sort at the doors enticing us with their cookies or similar-so beware! lol.The Deli is pretty good, though I wish they had more hot dishes. The Cold section has a pretty good selection of quick sandwiches, dips, and party trays. I've tried the sushi as a late night fix on a couple of occasions, and it tasted just like I thought it would-grocery store bought sushi. Its got a pretty good beer and wine selection, but the hard alcohol section is a bit lacking and a bit overpriced for what it is-but I guess you pay for convenience. The staff is always super helpful and doesn't make you feel dumb if you need anything.The Red Box is always busy on here, I wish they would install a second one, or a larger faster one, because it is always out of titles until late into the week. There's some good deals to be had in the 10 for $10 bins and if you keep an eye out some great clearance deals. I enjoy coming to this Smith's and the aisles are always clean. Cheers!~MikeB
3	This is your basic grocery store experience. If you're looking for it, they've probably got it in one way or another. I was pleasantly surprised to see such a beautiful selection of produce. Everything was in tip-top shape and looked great, there was an attendant in the produce section - sprucing things up to keep everything in order. Sale items are clearly marked with large yellow signs and there are several areas throughout the store offering a 10 for $10 option. I was also happy to see a bountiful selection of wines located inside the store.The best discovery of all is that my Kentucky Kroger savings card worked at the register, saving us $18 :)
1	So went to Smiths yesterday, You want to feel threaten when you get lunchmeat at deli, come here.Small gangster looking hispanic guy behind meat counter cares less about his job or customers. Will make you wait until he is finished doing labels on lunchmeat or what ever and not help you until he feels like it. Then say well what you do you want dude!Told Manager, He looked like he cared less and said yea I will talk to them. Right.Why do they hire folks that dont care about their job? Maybe the manager needs a  new job. I must say though the checkout clerks are great, need to put them behing the deli!AVOID the Deli meats if the young skinny hispanic kid is there, you will feel insulted!I will get his name and update, I was to upset and left store with no food.
2	Located behind my clinic and one of the less impressively stocked Smith's in the area suffice it to say that like many of the grocery stores in less affluent areas one is best served to shop elsewhere if possible.  Routinely dirty with rude employees and far too much clutter the vast majority of my visits to this location have largely been to the produce section and although variety is expectedly stripped to the essentials the bigger issue is that the vegetables simply aren't as fresh as can be found elsewhere - the celery particularly anemic and several of the tomatoes bruised on more than a half-dozen visits.
