3	We went on a Thursday night and we were the only customers.  I imagine there are more on the weekend, but still, this is a new place and I don't think many people know about it.  If you like Indian food, definitely give this place a try.  I've only been to a couple other Indian places, so I don't have too much to compare it to, but it was good food.  The people there were friendly.  You can tell them how spicy you want your food on a 1-10 scale.  You would especially like this place if you like Indian music videos, which are all from movies, cause that's all they show on the TV.  It really motivated me to make one of my own music videos similar to the ones we saw.  For me this place was just mediocre, and if the business doesn't pick up soon I can see it going out of business, so go try it before it's gone!
4	I had planned to have Thai this past Tuesday (10/28) when I met an acquaintance at work who told me he'd been inundated with phone calls all day from friends and relatives wishing him an Indian "Happy New Year."  (10/29- time in India is 12 hours ahead.)  Since I had wanted Indian cuisine for some time, I decided I'd hold off on having Thai and go for Indian that night.  I first thought of going to Royal Taj on Broadway, but I wasn't looking forward to the slow service.  I've wanted to try Taj Mahal ever since a coworker told me how good the samosas were there, though she had admitted that she's never had samosas before.  I figured what better time to try a new Indian restaurant than on their New Year!I noticed one other couple besides me that night, and they were waiting for their entrees.  I greeted the host Jimmy, who turned out to be one of three siblings that ran the restaurant.  He was very welcoming, and we exchanged "Happy Divalis" as he led me to my table.  I liked the subtle lighting in the main dining area, where most of the light came modern Indian music videos displayed on TV.  I thought the yellow curtain upon which a silver-studded likeness of the Taj Mahal served as a nice alternative to a regular door- this apparently led to the restrooms, which I wouldn't find out until the next day, when I took my Mom to have dinner there again.I decided on having an app for dinner- samosa with channa chat: a crisp vegetable patty consisting of potatoes and peas with channa masala, a dish made with chickpeas/garbanzo beans, onions, tomatoes, garlic, garam masala, cilantro, and spices (turmeric, cumin, peppers, and coriander, to name a few).  Waiting for my entree, I munched on a papadum with chutneys of mint and tamarind and chatted with the couple next to me, who expounded the details of the celebration of Divali, a winter harvest festival honoring the return of good Lord Ram from exile and his triumph over demon-king Ravan with fireworks, flowers, worship, and with sweets.  I chose to do my part in the celebration by having rasmalai and gulab jamun later on that night :DI found the samosa quite delightful with the channa masala (aka chana or chole, as in chole bhature), but it would be equally delicious without the garnish.  For dessert, I couldn't decide between the gulab jamun, a favorite, made with homemade cheese cubes fried and swimming in sugar syrup and the rasmalai, also made of homemade cheese, but not fried, and cooked instead with condensed milk and rosewater sugar syrup sprinkled with crushed pistachios, so I had both!  Jimmy was very accomodating as I asked my usual questions regarding my food allergies, and he happily obliged me with the details of their lunch buffets- from 11a to 2:30p, $8, each day with differing 5 veggie entrees, 3 meat entrees, 2 breads (plus your choice of plain or garlic naan, which is served to you at the table), basmati rice, a dessert, and the usual accompaniment of 4 or 5 chutneys.  If menu options do not satisfy you, the kitchen staff will gladly oblige as long as your requests are of northern India origin- it is a Punjabi restaurant.I enjoyed my experience here so much, I returned again with Mom the next night.  Mom was open to going there, not knowing much of Indian cuisine, bec. I had brought home keema naan (stuffed with minced lamb) which she enjoyed.  Since she and I like lamb, I ordered the lamb rogam josh, a tomato-based dish, curry-like, with onions, garlic, chilis, and spices.  I had hoped to speak with Jimmy to get his lamb suggestions, but as it turned out, he was busy helping out in the kitchen.  (He actually cooked our dish and remembered speaking of making the lamb jalfraize too late into the preparation of the rogan josh dish.)  $13 price tag didn't include rice, which was disappointing, since Udupi Cafe and other restaurants I've visited in the valley do, so I ordered garlic naan.  Again we were served papadum and chutneys while we waited for our food.  As usual, Mom thought everyone else's selections looked delicious as they were brought to their tables.  They certainly SOUNDED terrific- sizzling chicken tandoori and a salmon dish I cannot recall.  The dishes arrived, but Mom did not enjoy the samosa chana chat for she had found it too spicy (I thought it was perfect!).  It wasn't too late to alter the spice level of the lamb dish, which also did not appeal to her.  I found it to be good, if a little too gamey.  I only had a taste since the samosa app was very filling.  At least Mom enjoyed the wonderful garlic naan.I will definitely be back to try the lunch buffet.
3	Went for lunch buffet around 1:30p about a month ago and found the selections to be sparse and on the dry-side.  Out of the 7 or so hot dishes, I could only try about 3 or 4 due to my food allergies, and I only enjoyed the tandoori chicken (which there were only FIVE pieces in the tray the entire time I was there; three of which I consumed) and the palak paneer (spinach and cheese dish).  I was able to request a freshly-prepared samosa and dosa, too!  (Yes, sir, this Punjabi restaurant is branching out and preparing southern dishes like dosa!)Indian buffets are so hazardous to my waistline (and cardiovascular system!) since I love the flavors so much!  I also have a MASSIVE sweet-tooth, and Taj Mahal serves great gulab jamun and carrot halwa!  Oh-oh, I may just have to swing by this weekend of mine (a little earlier this time around to see if the selections look, and taste, a little fresher) for a little splurging!
4	Ok, I'm a HUGE Indian food fan. I have been to almost all of them in the city at least once. My current favorite has been Flavors of India on 16th street & Cambell because it is near work and they make an awesome chicken korma. Let me state for the record that I never, ever, ever get the buffet which is pretty standard at most Indian places in the valley. Aside from buffet-phobia I am a pretty big chili head. I like HOT in any shape and form. This means I need to order off the menu and ask for it spicy. I typically order "Indian Spicy" or "The hottest you make it". So, I jumped off the 202 a bit early the other day because of traffic and headed north on Scottsdale, imagine my surprise to see "Taj Mahal" there at McKellips, so close to my home stomping grounds. I immediately made a mental note to try it.Today was that day. I popped in to grab lunch "take out" for my wife and I. The place was completely empty and there in the back was the requisite buffet (I didn't get close enough to it to see what it held). I sat at the bar and ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala (mild, rating 0) for her and the Chicken Vindaloo (as a 10) for me as well as an order of garlic naan.Let me say, I was impressed. The chicken tikka was on par with any I have tried in the valley, the garlic naan was better than most, but I think the Delhi Palace in tempe has that beat. The basmati rice was 'ok', probably the least impressive part of the meal, I really prefer it with a nice mix of "crunchy" bottom scrapings. HOWEVER! The real winner was my chicken vindaloo. I AM IN LOVE. Finally a place that actually brings the heat, a 10 means 10. It was exactly the level of spiciness I crave and have yet to get in an Indian restaurant in AZ. I think I might still have a little endorphin high from it right now. The flavor was phenomenal as well, a nice rich flavor. I like vindaloo because it's not quite as heavy as some of the creamier ones and this one did not dissapoint. A crisp, deep flavor with a beautiful slow burn spiciness.I am definitely a regular now. In fact, I am going to bring some fellow chili-head friends next weekend. Oh, they also have a nice selection of Indian beers, more than is normally found at similar places. You can't go crazy with the spice without some refreshing beers on hand right?If you like spicy, or even just like Indian food pop in and give it a go. I will cry myself to sleep at night snuggling my plush habanero if this place goes out of business because of people not knowing about it ;)Oh, the prices off the menu were very affordable, if my wife liked spicy (or vice versa) we could have easily split the one or the other $13 entree and been full.
5	Let's call it a very strong 4 stars plus. We came for dinner and it was all about the food at this family owned restaurant baby!Our server Harpreet (she also goes by Happy) was charming and knowledgeable. Taj Mahal offers the dinner menu dishes with a spiciness scale of 1-10. Since we were dining with the kids we went on the low end of the scale. We started with garlic naan and garlic cauliflower. Two quotes I have on the garlic naan are: ..."best garlic naan ever!" and "Uh-Maze-Ing". The garlic cauliflower was a complete surprise. We wanted to try something different and Harpreet strongly recommended this. She said if you don't like cauliflower don't worry. Even though none of us are big fans of cauliflower we decided to try it out. Wow! Wonderfully garlicky and bursting with flavor! When we go back that is a must have. For the entrees we shared navratan korma and chicken tikka masala. Both were marvelously colorful and flavor full. As I write this I am forced to cover my keyboard with a napkin so that it doesn't short out from all the drooling produced by talking about the food we had. The service was straight up 5 star. The food solid 4-5 star range. I would put the atmosphere at 3 stars but come here for the food. I have not tried the buffet but I expect it would not be to the same freshness and quality.
5	Taj Mahal was awesome for an Unofficial Yelp Event (UYE) tonight!  Here is a link to my review of that for those reading Taj Mahal reviews:http://www.yelp.com/events/tempe-uye---yelpers-go-indian
5	Having been here twice - once for dinner with the family and once for "UYE - Yelp Goes Indian", I feel it's time to weigh in.  On both our visits we were treated to impeccable service and incredible food.  The owners, Hapreet and her husband, make sure that when you leave you have been well fed and well cared for.We ordered similarly both times.  We love the garlic cauliflower and garlic naan.  I got korma both times, first navratan and then lamb.  My kids love chicken tikka masala and my husband, Jim W, always wants something different.  This time we added onion bhaji, which I love, and Jim got some spicy paneer that I didn't try.Here's the dish on this place:  These are really nice folks.  The food is delicious.  The service is impeccable.  Go.
5	It burns so good, I can't wait to return to Taj Mahal. As part of a large group attending the UYE here, I must say that Taj Mahal really blew me away. We were fortunate enough to be sitting with Ayesha and Aileen, both of whom knew what to order and how to order it sufficiently spicy. Our app was the samosa and channa chat (heat level 8). Initially, it seemed a bit too hot and we decided to order at a level 7 when we returned; however, I feel that 8 was just the right amount of spiciness to balance out the robust flavors. Next, we moved on to snacking of Aileen's keema naan, which was stuffed with minced lamb and was a good transition from the fires in our mouths. Our entree was the saffron seek kabab, served sizzling hot in an iron skillet and positively to live for. While pretty much everyone in attendance ordered their own entrees, we were able to sample a wide array of Indian delicacies. And, honestly, we tried so many wonderful dishes that I can't even begin to tell you what all I ate. But it was all excellent and delicious. We pretty much took over this restaurant. The service was excellent, given our large number and ordering at the same time. As our fragrant dishes came out in waves, it was clear the level of professionalism and perfection the staff applies. They even went above and beyond by providing complimentary desserts! I heard they were good (I don't eat sweets so I go on what I'm told about such matters). All things considered, Taj Mahal is a jewel of an establishment that is a pleasant drive from CenPho. The fact they have a good number of lamb dishes only adds to the allure of this restaurant. Thumbs way up, Taj Mahal! I cannot wait to return for some terrific Indian cuisine.
4	The husband and I went to Taj Mahal for a YUE. I had never tried Indian food before, but he was a little familiar. I loved everything I tried! Garlic Naan is now a craving for me. The service was great and so was the company  - I had the pleasure of sitting with Audrey W and Jim W, Gabi K and her lovely fiance, Jared, and Kim and Adam. Lovely conversation, awesome food, can't wait to go back!We tried: Veggie Pakora, Tandoori Chicken, Garlic Naan and Chicken Korma. Yum!
4	Thanks to the cable guy being a guest in our home until 8 pm last night, we missed the Yelp event.  So in an attempt to undo also missing a previous event at Taj Mahal, we decided to come here.Typical strip mall restaurant with minimal decor, but it was clean and pleasant.  It surprised me to see a bar off to the side and India's version of MTV on the overhead television.  There was only one other diner in the restaurant-good for me, bad for them.  We started with the garlic cauliflower.  Loved it!  For my appetizer I went with the ever popular chicken tikka masala...chicken, onion, and bell pepper in a tomato based sauce.  You can choose heat level up to 10.  I prefer spicy, but mild dishes with just a hint of heat.  Ordering a 1 fit the bill.  The garlic naan was probably the best I have had of the 3 or 4 places I have been to.  For dessert we had gulab gamun, fried cheese balls soaked in sugar syrup.  I had never had this before, so I have no basis of comparison, but I didn't really like it.  I guess I expected it to to be cheesier and crispier and to be served hot (it was warm).  Oh well, can't win 'em all.Our service was great.  I would have been disappointed had it been anything less with no one else in the restaurant for most of the meal.  I can see Taj Mahal being a somewhat regular stop on our rotation.  They just need some more customers...well when we're not there anyway.
4	The Place:My wife and I knew the general location of the restaurant, but were not familiar with the corner, so we entered the shopping center and literally drove right past the restaurant and only looped back around when my wife's keen eye spotted the strip mall sign near the road.  Needless to say, it's ticked away in an aging shopping mall.  Inside is decorated with similar art that I have seen in other Indian restaurants.  The only thing that detracted a bit for me was the Indian music and videos playing on the TV.The Food:Great food - vindaloo and eggplant + samosas. Mango lassoWe decided to start with veggie samosas which were a revelation.  I suppose my experience with these fried balls of love have only really been with food that was prepared ahead of time and was cold.  These were piping hot and filled with lovely veggies and spices.  Quite a treat.We ordered chicken vindaloo with a "5" spice which was quite spicy.  The flavors were rich and the meat and veggies plentiful.  This was my favorite.  We also ordered an eggplant dish that was a bit more on the sweet/hot side of things, and was also divine.  The rice that was served was unremarkable, but I'm no rice aficionado.  The coup de gras for the missus and I was the garlic naan.  Holy crispy, garlicy, herby, chewy goodness - it was as if the Indian god of delicious bread stuff dropped a basket on our table.  Yes, I would have eaten that and that alone.The Bottom Line:It's a shame that this gem isn't closer to my south Chandler abode for I would love to frequent for lunch dinner.  I highly recommend the dinner - and as is par for many Indian restaurants there is a lunch buffet which seemed reasonably priced at somwhere around $7-8.We spoke to the waitress who I believe was also the owner and met her 3 year old daughter.  It's my pleasure to support good family restaurants like this.  The Taj Mahal is a royal find.
5	Confident after my Yelp outing at Taj Mahal a few weeks ago, I set out on my own to test the lunch buffet. The restaurant was great with a large group, but I wanted to go again to see if they were playing up to the known large crowd that night. Still my knowledge of Indian food is very limited, but I knew I had a variety of dishes at the Yelp event and they were all good - so even though I might not what it was, I was confident it would taste good. I was not disappointed! The lunch buffet is $7.99 and features many selections, both vegetarian and non-vegetarian. I did not try the soups, salads, chutneys or desserts - I was too full to venture that far down the buffet line. I recognized the tandori chicken, tried an egg curry and a couple of other chicken dishes. In addition to the items on the buffet, I was served a large basket of garlic naan. Being a buffet, the food is catered toward a larger audience, so it was not very spicy. That is good for a newbie like me, but some of the more veteran Indian eaters may prefer to order off the menu. I recognized the guy working as one of the gentleman from the night of the Yelp event. He is very friendly, kept the drinks full and even took another customer over to the buffet to explain one of the dishes. I like the atmosphere of the restaurant as well. It feels comfortable with enough space for everyone, a nice big photo of the Taj Mahal and Bollywood movies or videos playing in the background. I enjoyed the buffet as much as the dinner a few weeks ago. Anytime in the future I plan to go for Indian food, this will be the place.
2	Hungry after a morning of running errands with a friend, we stopped in here for the buffet lunch.  Having eaten the buffet lunch at quite a number of the Valley's Indian restaurants in recent days, & having given the "worst" of them just under 4-Stars, I was anticipating really enjoying this place.The first danger sign was that it was just a little after 12, & we were the only customers in this mid-sized place!  Even a dump like East Star Buffet has SOME customers right at lunchtime!  The host was friendly enough, but the decor was very blah.  Then, the food was a disappointment compared to the other area Indian restaurants I have tried.  Almost everything out was soupy & blah.  Of course the Tandoori Chicked wasn't soupy, but it also wasn't very good.  Nothing was awful here, but nothing was very good, either.  The only thing I could find to like about this place was the Indian equivalent of MTV playing at an appropriate volume was kind of a nice touch, but couldn't save the place from being my least favorite of all the Indian or Pakistani restaurants I've tried in the Valley, & my friend concurred.
5	Yo! Indian BUFFET $7. Can't beat. Plus, excellent service (the owner and her adorable little daughter usually): drinks always full. Tasty food with a huge spread. Garlic naan bread: gotta try it! Great selection of Indian beer (the Flying Horse pairs well with the to-the-brim-in-flavor cuisine).
4	A friend and I had dinner here because there was a coupon in the entertainment book for it.  So glad we tried it.  I can't wait to go back.  I had some vegetarian thing with lots of fruits and vegetables in a buttery gravy sauce?  Very tasty.The waitress let me know that the food tends to run a bit spicy.  I ordered mine mild to medium and will go with very mild next time.  I enjoy flavor but not burning my mouth.
3	Don't  let the strip mall location and tacky interior stand in your way of getting some good value Indian food.  The lunch specials are hearty, tasty, and reasonably priced....the bollywood on TV is a freebie.  The service is great and the new ownership go out their way to make your stay efficient and pleasant.  A great lunch spot to mix up the day to day melange of sandwiches and burgers.
5	5 stars  I'm Indian and I've reviewed more Indian restaurants in the Valley than probably anyone on Yelp. I was not expecting this place to be so good based on the earlier reviews. However, there is a reason the food is much better; new ownership (including new chefs) took over 20 days ago. This is probably the reason the last 3 reviews were 5 stars because they were within the period when the new owners took over. The food is truly worth 5 stars and I was debating if it was better than Guru Palace for the best Indian restaurant in the valley and Guru Palace slightly edges it but it's close.The malai kofta is the best in the city and replaces Royal Taj has having the best. The chicken tikka masala was flavorful and had a perfectly nice tomato flavor as opposed to just tasting like cream. The palak paneer had the perfect texture but it was slightly underseasoned and undercooked but still very good. I still think Royal Taj has the best palak paneer in the city.  The only real complaints were the naan and rice. Don't get me wrong, it was good but I've had much better naan elsewhere. It was a little hard and thin but still tasted fresh.  The rice was fairly standard of most of the Indian restaurants in Phoenix in that it was dry(overcooked) and had too much cumin. Thus far, Guru palace has the best rice in the city.They did the little things well. My Kingfisher ale was served in a chilled glass and the beer itself was cold. Sometimes Indian restaurants can serve warm beer. The papad wasn't burned and it was crisp and non greasy. The service and vibe was nice. It seems to be owned by a young Indian couple who were very nice. They speak great English, are very trendy and friendly. The wife served us and she was great and very friendly. The restaurant was really clean and spacious as well which were pluses. Also the location was easy to find, it's at the southeast corner of McKellips and Scottsdale Rd in south Scottsdale.The owners mentioned they will be renovating the inside so I have a feeling it will look more trendy and resemble Guru Palace and Dhaba. However, it's fine as it is now because it's really clean albeit slightly bare. I would say it's in the top 3 and the only other 5 star Indian restaurant in the valley besides Guru Palace and Royal Taj
5	Continued excellence! Their Tandoori chicken was served hot and sizzling on fajita plates and not microwaved on dinner plates which is a good sign and tells you this is the real thing! If an Indian restaurant does not serve grilled Tandoori items sizzling, walk out of the restaurant...it's not authentic!
5	I just had lunch at Taj Mahal for the first time, and I'm quite sure I'll be going back.I had actually walked past the place multiple times on my way to Food City; I was staying in the Hospitaly Suites Resort for the week, and needed to get some food, and that was the only place within walking distance. I have never eaten in an Indian restaurant, and figured it was high time to.I finally made my way over there for lunch, and boy am I glad I did.The front is unimpressive, a bit nicer than a normal store front, but nothing that would stand out. Once inside, however, that changes. The walls are decorated with Indian art, and the Bollywood music videos playing on some TVs give it a perfect atmosphere. I could imagine the music becoming irritating at times, depending on what was playing, but during my entire meal it was rather soothing.Upon entering, I was immediately greeted by two different wait persons, one of whom I believe to be the manager. The place was not crowded, as some of the other reviews indicate; only two or three of the tables had people sitting at them.For lunch, they offer daily specials; three options (at least the time I was in there). I ordered one of them, the chicken korma. I have to say, that meal was -very- good. I still prefer Thai food to Indian, but I can see why a few of my friends swear by Indian. I can't compare that meal to other Indian restaurants, but to this uncultured palate, it was simply good. Eavesdropping a bit on other conversations, I heard the man I took to be the manager speaking with someone who must have been a regular, suggesting things he might try next time. This seems like the kind of place that is looking to establish rapport with the regulars; I like that in a restaurant.At the end of my meal, the manager asked if this had been my first time at the Taj Mahal, and we had a brief conversation about my move to Scottsdale. All in all, an enjoyable lunch. Highly recommended.
2	Boooooo! Our very nice owner sold her bomb Indian/Pakistani restaurant (was great for lunch buffet)! New management means no more lunch buffet and steeper prices. Definitely not-so worth your time or money! They kept the same name so do not be fooled!
4	There is little I can add to the already numerous great reviews already. Yes, the food is excellent, the curries, the naan, the tandoori, indian tea, it is all wonderful, freshly prepared and you can make your own decision on the spiciness of the dishes. What is not love?! There are a few comments about the location - it is industrial Tempe, take it with a grain of salt and yes, the interior lacks a little on the luster but the food and service make up for it. Enjoy, I do.
4	Very friendly & helpful staff. Enjoyed the whole meal plus lasses & tea. The yelp offer was a bonus! Very enjoyable.
4	I haven't gotten baked in many years...I can't afford the calories or the loss of cognitive function any longer...there is just no more margin for error!But there was this movie playing on the flat panel right above me...and it made me feel like I had gone down the rabbit hole one more time!The movie was about this Indian girl and her well meaning but "excitable" brothers...what a bunch of goofballs!They seemed to be stoned, too!And there was an Indian Nobleman (a Rajah?) who was sort of interested in the girl and rode a white horse through her living room!And there was lots of wrestling and tickling and witty banter between the brothers and the sister ("bunny, what do you keep in your hat?...brains?!?!")I felt like I had gone back 35 years, rolled a fattie of Oregon's Finest (and I can vouch for the fact that it was extraordinarily fine) and was sitting around watching a normal evening at the Kwik-e-Mart in Sweet Home!Just takin' it all in, man...abiding...I was mesmerized and charmed by this incomprehensible Bollywood spectacle as I had my chicken korma lunch special (the buffet is gone...lunch specials are the new reality...the "altered" reality).Tasty, tasty stuff, with garlic naan, raita and an assortment of chutney's, with the heat ramped up to "11" for me, making for a very entertaining and pleasant lunch.If they had a black light in there and maybe a little more sitar, Taj would have really blown my mind, man!Or if had just gotten toasted before lunch:-)
5	This is what Indian food is all about.  One of my coworkers introduced me a few weeks ago, and we have been going back every week.The great thing, yes, the GREAT thing, about this place is they don't do buffet.  The setup is a bit different: For the lunch special, you get to pick from one vegetarian dish, one chicken dish, and one lamb dish.  Which dish it is varies each day.  With that, you get rice, some lentil stuff (forgot what it's called), naan, and yoghurt.  You may not have buffet selection, but you're getting plenty of food, and it's better than buffet quality.I've had the vindaloo, the lamb poppy, and the chicken karahi, and they were all delicious.And make sure you get a samosa with your lunch.  This place has the best samosas.
4	Let me start off this review by saying that I generally eat vegan or raw food so my choices in the greater valley are limited. That being said finding places with delicious vegan/raw offerings make me happy and Taj Mahal happens to be one of those places. Like most ethnic restaurants the food is the main draw and things are no different here at Taj Mahal. As others have noted that atmosphere is usually void of other diners and generally there isn't much going on but you are provided with Bollywood music videos, recently added Wifi and you're encouraged to chat up the owners Jazz and Manmeet, which makes things a lot more tolerable. Now lets get to the food, which is as good or better then most Indian restaurant I have been too all over the country. Since I eat vegan food the quality of the produce used in cooking makes a big difference and the veggie dishes always taste fresher here. Lately I've been hooked on the Bindi Masala with Garlic Naan and rice but I've been happy with most of the other vegan dishes that I tried as well. If it turns out if you're a pepper head like me they just got the famed Ghost Chili (Bhut Jolokia), which they can include in a dish that you order. I'm nervous since the next time I come I intend to try the Ghost Chili despite seeing some videos on Youtube that make me think otherwise.  Overall, Taj Majal offers a bunch good options and if you're in the mood for some tasty Indian food give them a shot.
2	It's with a heavy heart that I say good-bye to Taj Mahal. We found them with an entertainment coupon and we fell instantly, head-over-heels in love. We even had a great UYE there. We ate there many times. The food was fantastic, the owners were so sweet. And they made this amazing cauliflower...But those days are gone. Taj Mahal has new owners now. Prices have gone up, flavor has gone down. And they've done away with that amazing cauliflower.This is not the restaurant it was and, sadly, I must now find myself a new "go-to" Indian restaurant. Farewell, Taj Mahal.
5	I live near here and have watched this space turn into a different restaurant every four or so years. It's an unfortunate place for a semi-fancy eatery to be. It's squeezed in between Food City and Big Lots which are big places for lower income shoppers. I doubt they ever get any walk-by customers. It was really nice inside. I love what they did with the place. It felt very authentic and honestly I was suprised when I walked in because it was so big and decorative on the inside but the outside is kind of plain.Anyways, the food was great. The waitress was real polite with my boyfriend whos new to indian food and explained to him the levels of spicy and what came in what. They had complementary appetizers and the portions were very large. The vegetarian selection was great. As a part time vegetarian I can always appreciate a place that has meals without meat that actually fill you up. By the way they were playing indian music. Not the classical stuff but newer pop music that you might hear actual indian people listening to. I don't care how cheesy it sounds but that alone won me over.
5	This place is AWESOME! Everything was fantastic, from the cute waitress, to the friendly cooks. I ordered the Coconut Chicken with naan, dal, salad, biryani rice and yogurt sauce. My goodness, they really hooked it up. They will make your dish as spicy or mild as you like. The crispy and soft naan is something to experience. Even the condiments were delicious! We will only be in Scottsdale for two more days and we are definitely going back tomorrow. The price is very reasonable for the portion size.
4	Friendly and fast service. Everything I have had on the menu was wonderful.
4	My pops and I decided we were in the mood for Indian food and hit the town looking for a hot spot.  The place we were looking for we couldn't find so I "YELP"ed and found this Indian treat.The place was dead when we walked in. We were the only table.  The owner greeted us and sat us (he was very congenial).  We explained how we found the place and he was eager for us to try his Indian cuisine, and we were happy to oblige.  Our server greeted us and took our drink orders while we surveyed the menu.We took our server's recommendations and ordered the following:Chicken pakorasGarlic naanBaingan bhaartaChicken vindalooLamb kormaLamb rogan joshRotiBasmati riceTo start off, the chicken pakoras were AWESOME!!!  Like Indian chicken nuggets, but extremely delicious.  I loved adding the tamarind chutney (which I love at all Indian restaurants) and shoving these tasty treats into my mouth.  Yummerz!The rest of the dishes were very good, but nothing as good as the pakoras.  The Lamb Rogan Josh was very good, and had a deep rich Indian spice flavor to it.  I also really enjoyed their Naan.The Chicken Vindaloo is a more sour dish.  Not exactly what my palette was looking for, but still tasty nonetheless.I would definitely go back to this place.  The ambiance and hospitality were wonderful, and the TVs had on some sort of Indian MTV that was really fun to watch.  I would recommend this Indian restaurant to friends and family, and you, my fellow Yelpers.
3	Tried Indian cuisine for lunch today and visited the Taj Mahal Indian Cuisine. It was a bit difficult to locate because we were looking for a large white dome surrounded by four minarets. It is actually located right next to Food City. I had my doubts when I saw the flashing OPEN sign from the outside. But once I got inside I was surprised. It was decorated. Everybody had the lunch specials, both the chicken methi and the lamb curry. There didn't seem to be much distinction between the two with regard to how they looked. I think the only actual difference was the meat used. The bread they served with the meal tasted good. I was looking forward to rich Indian flavors but my taste buds weren't fully satisfied.A small salad was served prior to our meal and a co-worker of mine mentioned how thoroughly they had mixed the dressing in and were impressed.They did ask how spicy between 1 and 10 and one of the guys that was with us who always likes hot food was rather disappointed at their 8 as they were comparing only to a mild Thai restaurant.The service was excellent, polite and friendly.The price was a bit on the expensive side at least for what you would normal expect to pay for lunch menu. With regard to their website, I believe it over sells what they actually offer.I'm rating this place a 3 - "A-OK.", because I feel that a 2 - "Meh. I've experienced better" would be inappropriate since I haven't really been to that many Indian restaurants to justify it.
3	Decent food and the decor is tasteful. Not nearly the best Indian in town but good if you are in the area.The quality of the chicken in the Tikka was a little poor.
5	I eat here regularly with my co-workers for lunch.  We go for one of two reasons.  Reason number 1: we are in the mood for Indian food.  It is the best Indian restaurant near the office.  Reason number 2: we can't think of any other places to eat and we haven't been to the Taj Mahal in three days.  The food is always great.   The lunch special is a good deal.  There is a rotation with three options.  You select your preferred spiciness level, one through ten, and naan or garlic naan.  Lunch also comes with lentil soup and yogurt sauce.
5	I figured since they added a buffet today, I might as well write an update.As you might gather from my earlier review, I don't particularly care for the Indian buffet.  As such, I was a little concerned when we walked into Taj Mahal today and they told us the lunch buffet would be available for the first time today.  We decided, what the heck, we'll give it a try.The first thing I noticed is they did not have a whole lot of selection at the buffet.  A positive sign!  They had rice, a chicken dish, a potato and cauliflower dish, Tandoori chicken, a lentil soup, some deep fried vegetables, chutney, rice pudding, yogurt, and maybe one or two other options (they bring the naan directly to your table).  I loaded up my plate with some of everything.It became clear to me as I was eating that the buffet food did not lose any of the attention they place on the old lunch specials (which I'm not sure if they still offer).  The chicken dish had a delicious sauce, which holds its own against the old lunch specials.  The tandoori chicken was the best I've had; the flavors permeated all the way down to the bone.I'm not sure I like it better than the old lunch specials... I really could've used some of their awesome chicken korma (I mentioned to my coworker that if they had the korma lunch special today, I just might have to order two).  I did leave thinking it was the best Indian buffet I've had, and I hope for their sake this move pays off.
3	The food at the buffet was good.  Would have enjoyed trying more of their food but not much was at the buffet.  The place was not very busy so I guess I understand the buffet being small.
3	Had the chicken tika masala and nan. Spice up the chicken and it's a flavorful meal. Needs more chicken though.
4	Have gotten takeout several times over 3 years while visiting during Spring Training. Love it! Very gracious hostess and delicious food.
4	This was our first time ever having Indian food, boy did we ever pick a great place to try it!We were greeted by a very nice young lady(Memeet) who helped us through our menu.  We didn't want anything really "hot", so she told us to order regular, which is about a 3 on thier 1 to 10 scale, honesty, I would love to sit and watch the person who eats a 10...wow!The restaurant is clean, decor is sparse, but it was a very comfortable setting.  They bring you Papadam, which is a cracker made with lentil flour along with tamarind sauce and a chili sauce and a mint sauce, the tamarind was sweet, the other two were very warm.Hubby had thier "Taj Mahal" beer, he liked it enough to have 2, I was the driver, I had Iced Tea.My hubby got the Fish Curry, it was very good, he got extra rice, which had the best test for rice I have ever had. He also got the Garlic Naan, brought most of his home.I had the Goa Prawn...I loved it, creamy sauce with coconut milk and spices and the prawn was perfectly cooked, it came with raita which is a natural yogurt with grated carrots, it helps to cool things down or clean your palate...nice, rice with herbs and spices, wonderful stuff, daal, lentil soup is the only way I can describe it, as I don't like lentils, my hubby ate it and seemed to like it, regular naan, a salad, and desert.  The desert was called Gulah Jamun...basically it was one fried cheese ball soaked in a sugar syrup and one unfried cheese ball soaked in syrup, the fried one wasn't heavy, it was nice, the unfried one was a little strange, grainy, but I liked it too. We will be doing this again, probably the buffett next so we can try different things.Go there, you will be happy you did!
5	I'm having a hard time concentrating as the urge to slip into a food nap is overwhelming after the amount of awesome food I ate here.  Visited this place and I must say that it is my absolute new place to get Indian from.  Now I have not yet had one of the regular dishes but the buffet from 11-2 had me captivated from beginning to end.  I'd have to say it's a little hard to locate and definitely not somewhere you'd go unless on a dare, being located between a Big Lots and a Food City.Now I love putting basmati rice under most dishes as filler but this stuff you could eat by itself, it was that flavorful. They had four chicken dishes, though the Tandoori, Tikka Masala and Vindaloo all had superb flavor that begged me to get seconds even when I didn't need it.  The vegetarian choices were not quite as good as the chicken and there didn't seem to be many choices available, didn't care as it meant more room for dishes that captivated me.  The naan, this is the clincher.  We ordered the garlic naan and between it being super fresh, the right amount of oil and infused with garlic this multiplied the yum factor of everything sopped up with it by a factor of ten.The host was super friendly and made you feel right at home, explaining dishes that I was not all that familiar with and letting us know about their online specials and coupons through Facebook.  The waiter had us topped off with water and soda before we got to the bottom of a glass, top notch.Now I've been around to a few other Indian places in the vicinity, most notably Delhi Palace and if you like that place, you'll love this.
4	Had the garlic and chilli naan today for dinner. As always the bread here is great. The curries here taste good too, but the best part is definitely the bread. I would not recommend the tandoori paneer. It was undercooked and generally lacked flavor.
4	Lunch buffet was lacking in presentation and choices but everything I had was very good.  Some of the food items could have been hotter.  The important part is that the food was excellent and the service friendly.
4	Went for lunch with my wife.  The chicken tika was heavenly, the nan was divine with the mint chutney.  The tandoori chicken was so good I was thinking they should make wing sauce with that flavor.  I was impressed all around it was a casual atmosphere and while different than my other two favorite Indian places Dhaba and Bombay spice, I will work this one into my rotation now too ;  )
2	This restaurant changed hands a while back & the Buffet disappeared, but now it's back to having one again.  Mike C. & I stopped in for lunch today, to give it a try.The good:*  The server lady & gentleman were nice, & brought out a generous basket of hot Naan bread, flavored a little with garlic.  (Plain would have been available also.)*  I started with Daal Tadka, which was a yellow lentil soup, & it was good.*  The Chcken Kadahi, the spicy Chicken Vindaloo, & especially the Chicken Tikki Masala were good.The not-as-good:  *  Strong smell of incense in the place nearly overwhelmed the taste of the food.*  Only 10 food items, plus a couple of garnishes & bread.*  no salad at all.*  Too much chicken & no lamb.*  The Tandoori Chicken was rather blah.SO, while this lunch was adequate, it gets beaten by a number of the other Indian & Pakistani Buffets in the area.Lunch Buffet served Tuesday through Friday from 11 to 2, & it's $9.99.
5	I love this place! The food is amazing, the atmosphere is cozy, and the service is outstanding. They are friendly and willing to modify any of their dishes to fit your requests. I'm a vegetarian and they have a wide variety of vegetarian options. My coworkers and I even went twice in the span of three days because we enjoyed it so much.
4	My dining partner and I had purchased a Groupon to Taj Mahal and were excited to use it. We finally got the opportunity tonight. I ordered the Palak Paneer and he ordered the Lamb Rogan Josh. We also ordered rice and naan to go along with the dishes. The food was pretty good. Although, if and when we go back we'd both want to try something new. However, the naan was outstanding, perfect texture and delicious taste.While the food was good, our waitress was excellent. She was very friendly and eager to help with recommendations. Throughout the meal she stayed attentive to our needs, but was not interrupting us every few minutes.I hope to return sometime in the near future and try another dish or two.
3	My visit here today with Rand H. was better than the last time I was here . the dishes were mostly soupy and the server seemed grumpy the last time. Well now there is new owners and the service prompt and friendly.The food which was mostly good was a big change from the last visit here.  I did not like the strong smell of incense. So i will give them three stars this time up one star from my last visit here.
3	I came here a couple of days ago with my boyfriend. The food was delicious! It was my boyfriend's first time trying Indian food and he was not disappointed and he can be very picky!We both had chicken curry, which was good. I just wish the portions were a little bit bigger because I only had an equivalent of  half a chicken breast that wouldn't have put a dent in my appetite if I didn't get it with rice. We also ordered garlic naan that you should definitely try.Our waitress was very friendly, which is always a plus. The restaurant is very casual, to say the least. I'm not sure if I would try this restaurant again, I will definitely try another place first before I try to make this my go-to place for Indian food.
4	My partner and I showed up really late - at 9 p.m. but the service was great!  Friendly and accomodating!  The Bhendi Masala was the best ever and the chicken methi was awesome!  Definitely recommend this to others who want a good dinner with some spice!
5	It is very rare for me to give an Indian restaurant a 5 out of 5 star.  I guess I have very high expectations of Indian places since I am Indian, so it takes a lot to impress me.  I came here with a Groupon with one of my friends who loves Indian food. We ordered a simple 2 entree, 2 bread, and rice portion.  We went vegetarian with Palak Paneer (my favorite dish), Malai Kofta, Garlic Naan, and Whole Wheat Roti.  The Palak Paneer, which is a spinach dish, had an interesting twist with how the spinach was blended into the seasonings.  Usually the spinach looks kind of boiled.  I was a little worried by that, but it tasted amazing.  I haven't ordered Malai Kofta much, but it tasted similar to previous experiences, which is always a good thing.  Both dishes had the right amount of seasoning and medium spice as we requested.  Both bread dishes met my expectations.The service was excellent, which is not common in a lot of Indian restaurants that I have been to in Arizona.  The price was also very reasonable.  I am going to give another try for this place during lunch time for their $10 lunch buffets.
4	My daughter and I went there on Saturday night.  The place wasn't very busy, only one other table taken.  We sat down and were immediately greeted by the waitress.  She was very helpful, explained the menu to me, and was also very patient as I had never had Indian food before.  My daughter and I both got a chicken dish, Chicken Tikki Masala and Tandoori Chicken  Megan's was a boneless chicken and mine had bones in.  Both were pretty spicy, which surprised me, didn't really expect that, but what did I know, it was all new to me.  They were both very good, and I did enjoy them.  We also got rice and naan, which was ok, and she brought us out some sauces, the best being the Mint Chutney.  That one little sauce was my favorite thing out of the whole meal.  I would spread it on toast and eat it if I could!  All in all, I really enjoyed this place.  If we are in the neighborhood I would definitely drop in again, not only for the food, but for the fantastic service.  The service, if I could rate it separately, would get a 5plus in my book!
3	Went here for the first time last weekend.  We ordered the vegetable somoas, Chicken Tikka Masala, the Chicken Vindaloo & Keema Naan.  All were very good.  Service was excellent.The atmosphere was pretty blah though...  The door handle on the front door was falling off and the dining area smelled of heavy cleaning solvents.
3	My wife purchased a Groupon for this place and decided to give it a try tonight.  On the Groupon, it said we needed to call to make reservations.  So we did and the female that answered (I didn't get her name) said we needed reservations and asked when we would be coming in.  I told her we'd be there in about 20 minutes and she said she would be able to get us in.  We walked in the door and found the place almost empty.  Only about 3 or 4 tables were occupied.  A female came out from the kitchen to greet us and pointed at a table which she wished for us to sit at.  After we sat, she asked my wife what she would like to drink (water) and turned around to, presumably, go get it.  A few moments later, a male appeared with two waters (even though she didn't even look at me to take my drink order.)  I think he heard me mention to my wife "I guess I'll drink water" because shortly afterwards, the female came back and asked me what I would like to drink.  She seemed kind of irratated that she had to come back and ask for my drink order.Another female came out to take our food order.  We ordered the paneer pakora as an appetizer.  My wife ordered lamb vindaloo and I ordered the chicken makhani.  We also ordered two sides of rice and an order of garlic naan.  The waitress warned me that their food runs a little spicy and asked both my wife and I if we would like our entrees mild, medium or hot (which I appreciated.)Overall, the food was pretty good.  My makhani sauce was a little more red than what I've had at other restaurants but was still flavorful.  The gentleman that initially brought our waters out made sure our glasses never went empty which was a HUGE plus for me.  With our paneer pakora, they brought three sauces to spread on the food.  One was a chili sauce, one a mint sauce and one a sweet-and-sour type sauce.  The chili sauce clearly had some sort of store bought buffalo sauce mixed in it.  The mint sauce was extremely liquidy and the last sauce was alright.  Regarding the sauces, they tasted more like they were purchased from Fry's as opposed to being an authentic Indian recipe.  Service was pretty good as well.  I work in the hotel industry and am extremely critical of the delivery of customer service from places I go.  Everyone (except for our drink order taker) had a smile on their face and really seemed to appreciate their customers choosing to dine with them.
3	This place is fine--it's close to home and will probably end up being our Indian standby.We tried this place because we got a $25 gift certificate at a greatly discounted rate (try 80% off) on Restaurant.com. On the weeknight we went in, we were the only people there.Indian food makes great leftovers, and we had a minimum amount we had to spend, so we ordered up a storm.We started with mango lassis. Flat-out, the best mango lassis I've had the fortune of trying. They're piquant, fruity, and very thick and creamy. Mmm. Mmm. I'd go back just to suck down a few of those.The naan was good, too--I appreciated that they didn't bury it in cilantro. I'm not a cilantro fan and I always--ALWAYS--forget to ask Indian places not to garnish with it. The cilantro was there, but not overpowering. Cool. We got a paneer (cheese) naan and a garlic naan. Yummy.The curries were where we were a little less impressed. The eggplant curry (baygan bartha) was pretty heavy on the cinnamon and for a Western palate, was a little much. I like my Indian food spiced up the wazoo, but cinnamon is one I appreciate them being light-handed with because it's so often used in sweets here.The chicken coconut had great flavor, and I don't think you could ask for more tender chicken, but the chicken chunks were huge and seemed to have been just hacked apart--I got a huge chunk of very hard cartilage in my curry that I'd've rather not bitten down on. Their chicken coconut is not your usual chicken coconut korma/kurma, so be warned. In fact, the Indian waitress stared at me and asked me to clarify when I ordered "chicken coconut kurma." They have a basic chicken kurma on the menu and she wanted to know which one I wanted... I just said "chicken coconut" and let it be.As an other reviewer said, the makhani's sauce is rather redder than I've seen it made before, and it needs to be more than just sauce and chicken pieces. Other makhanis I've had have had cashews, golden raisins, and sliced peppers, and I did miss that in this preparation.The chicken tikka masala, too, was missing something, but for that one, we couldn't put our fingers on it. It was just a little different than  your usual tikka masala. Tasty, but it's lacking something. Who knows.We didn't try dessert because we were going to explode, but based on the lassis, I'm sure they're pretty good.Service was more than fabulous--our waitress and the back waiter both took great care of us. Plenty of water, always cleared the table when it needed it.In short, we'll be back, but we'll be on the lookout for a knockout Indian place, too.
4	We actually found this place through yelp, just trusting the good reviews!  We arrived at night in the midst of a rare rain storm so we really did not see the outside of the building until passing by the location on another day and it was pleasant. The decor inside was nice, the waitress and table assistant were very attentive, welcoming and courteous too.  It seemed as though it was mom and daughter working the tables (I might be wrong, since I didn't ask!) and their team work was in tandem.  We didn't wait long for the food after ordering, which was perfect since we were really hungry by then.  The food was excellent.  I hadn't had a good curry since leaving the UK (where curry is often rated 2nd to fish & chips!)   In the Phoenix area, Taj Mahal is on the top of my list now.Garlic Nan bread and Chicken Korma is what I was yearning for and they did not disappoint.  Mmmmmmmmmmmm my mouth is watering just talking about it and thinking about how much I enjoyed the meal!
2	Lots of good looking dishes and a very kind staff but was very disappointed when I actually got my food. Once I got my food it became painfully obvious that they use canned vegetable in their dishes. I will not be eating here again.
5	This place has amazing food.  This is by far the best indian food i have had in a while.  I highly recommend!
3	Like many of the Indian/ethnic restaurants in town, its not much to look at.  In fact when I rolled up into the Big Lots! strip mall, it looked closed from the outside.  However, we braved it anyway and boy am I glad we did.  We ordered veggie samosas (delicious filling, the skin was a little on the thicker side like some of the egg rolls in Chinese buffets, but that didn't distract from the tastiness of it)The chutneys were some of the best and freshest I've tasted in a long time.The Chicken Tikka Masala was rich and creamy just the way I like it.  We ordered also the Lamb Roshan Josh (spelling?) which was amazing.  I usually order Lamb Vindaloo but will be eating this from now on.The garlic naan was buttery and flavorful.The naan filled with lamb was only okay, half of the pieces didn't actually have lamb in it.  The cheese pakoras were bland.  I will say that the rice was tasty but was a little harder than I'm used too.Overall, a solid takeout place if you don't want to eat in the restaurant.  The spiciness really does love up to the scales.  A medium, really does have a nice slow chilli burn without being overpowering.  The portions were on the smallish side, but no smaller than lots of other Indian restaurants.  Definately worth checking out.
5	This is one of the best Indian places in Phoenix.  The food is amazing!  If good food is what you want, this is the place for you.  They have a lunch buffet that is alright, but the main dishes are yum!  If you are in a hurry, this is not the place for you.  It takes time to create perfection!  The servers are super helpful too if you are not experienced with Indian cuisine.  Great find in Tempe!
2	I used to be a regular at this restaurant and I was very happy to see that the restaurant has been doing well these past few months. For unknown reasons the management of the restaurant has changed. I am disappointed with every single dish I ordered. Naan bread was too chewy and lumpy. Appetizer, if it can be called that, was a joke. For $5, all I received were 5 measly pieces of "paneer pakoras". I think it is time to find another Indian restaurant in the valley.
1	Was referred to this place by a friend who swore by the food.Sadly we never got that far.We arrived just before 7pm waited about 5 minutes to be seated.They took our order quickly and got us drinks.We ordered the Assorted Appetizer Platter, Garlic Naan, Matar Paneer, and the Chicken Tikka Masala.We sat for 20 minutes before the platter came out with no sauces.We then sat for another 40 minutes while 4 different tables who came in after us had their order taken, were served, ate, and got to-go boxes.We asked to pay for the appetizer platter and then left. Our waiter, who was very nice and apologized, wouldnt take the payment.I dont know if this was an off night or.............Wont be coming back here.
2	a friend had a groupon for this place. She wanted me to try with her because it expired on the day we went.  I did not want to go but i went for her sake.HORRIBLE Service!!!!!!! there was only one waiter and one server/bus boy.  We ordered lemon with our water but did not get it until we asked 7 times later-- i'm serious! the waiter must have been new or just stupid!  He kept saying "OK one sec" I think we would have been more patient if he could explain why it was taking so long to cut up a lemon..we got two thin and sloppily sliced lemons.. whatever  i was hungry so... maybe ill bring my own water next time i come (if i ever come back)We ordered coconut chicken which was really good.. and the Paneer Saak (cant remember how its spelled but it looked like spinach with squares of white that was supposed to be cheese)  We thought it sucked.. My friend said she's had much much better at other places..We also ordered appetizer, which was fried string of potatoes. cant remember the name.. it was pretty good..The waiter took forever again with the check.. But afterwards we sat and chatted for like an hour after we paid the check.. Which was nice of them to let us do that.. They were not kinda busy but had plenty tables available for new patrons..I really liked the coconut chicken.. that and the appetizer will be the only thing ill be willing to come back here for.. ill probably bring my own water next time ha...
5	On a recommendation we stopped for lunch, and against my better judgement we tried the buffet.  I'm glad we did - this was the best Indian food I've had in Arizona - finally!  What a wonderful surprise. I've been searching for good Indian food and this Northern Indian cuisine was consistently excellent. The place changed owners and will add Southern Indian cuisine and be renamed - so that's a great excuse for a return visit.  Looking forward to it!
2	location was nice and place seemed clean, service was slow and a bit  bothersome, how you may ask, well they didnt want to honor our coupon at first because they said that the business was changing hands next month, not until i pushed it a bit did they honor it. also waiter was nice and helpful but really wasnt listening to what we were asking him. now to the food, nothing to right home about . i would rate the food 3 stars but when you have to pay for rice separately and the naan also being small , i have to knock it down to 2 stars overall...
4	Now called "Southern Spice" bit of a odd name for a Indian Restaurant and I hope people don't mistake it for BB Q. Praveen is the new owner and it is the same great spicey/hot Indian food my wife and I crave!Stop by and check it out!
1	3 of us went here for dinner yesterday. We ordered the veg thali just to get an idea of how the food was. The appetizer we got was the veg pakoda - not very bad, but just ok - pretty bland though. The soup had nothing but ginger in it. We got 2 curries of our choice. Among us 3 we ordered bhindi masala, palak paneer, dal makhni, paneer tikka masala, kadai vegetable and mutter paneer. Other than the palak paneer, nothing was even remotely good. The plain naan was ok. The rice was old. The desert - gulab jamun - was burning hot but was not bad. Service was good, but they definitely need to get a good cook. One star is only for the service. Bottomline is food was very bad and I would never go there again.
