1	Don't even deserve a star because they don't use Heinz ketchup. Got three burgers with bacon and an order of fries for $43.  Burgers were good, fries very average, but then u try to give me Hunt's as ketchup? For as much money you charge for your food, spending an extra $1 on a case of 1000 packets of REAL ketchup should me a no brainer. Why would I spend $12 on a hamburger only to ruin it by putting Hunt's on it? Just another case of people not knowing what good food is out west.
4	Awesome.   The bread of the burger is fantastic.  The sweet potato fries are fresh. And the Hunts ketchup is better than heinz.   Plus hunts steam peel their tomatoes instead of chemical peel them!
4	I was in a rush to get to my next flight. Would it be worth it to step into this giant line? The foodie in me could not resist in the end... i stepped into the line. I only had 20 minutes before the plane was boarding. LUCKILY it was right next to my gate. As I was sitting in line, I noticed there was an order kiosk that nobody was using. I know- these things are slightly sinister in that they replace people with machines... but man i was late. So i punched in my order. Took about 15 minutes for the food to come out. BUT WOW. what a gargantuan burger. It was wrapped in foil and looked a little bigger than a softball. It was huge, with really nice bread. Great bacon. Cheesy. Messy. AND FRIENDS. I ate it in 4 minutes. It was the most euphoric 4 minute in an airport that I have had. Also... uh. Are the two other reviewers really arguing about the type of ketchups? What about the burger? And why would you need to add ketchup to the master piece of a burger they give you? Make sure to get a lot of napkins. You will need them.
3	Fries are decent amount and a good price but I wouldn't get the double burger that I got for 11.50. I work at the airport so no discount either. Overall I just wanted to try, I rate 3 stars! it okay the bun was good the beef was really tasty tho. Quality was okay. Order took 10 minutes and I ordered from the kiosk.
4	I was impressed that this small restaurant, located in an airport, was so good.  Food, service and all.  Generous portion, and my server boxed the appropriate leftovers for me to take on the plane, where jealous passengers lusted after them while munching on dry roasted peanuts!
2	Great tasting sweet potato fries. Music is way too loud. Burger is large but very greasy. Bun was greasy, and double patty fat had soaked into bun. Way over priced at $11.50.  Next time it's McDonalds!
2	I have to echo what Jason M said 29 days ago. Sweet potato fries tasted great. My burger bun was greasy and the cash register  girl asked me twice if I wanted whip creme and a cherry on my malt. I said no twice and guess what. Yep. Still got whip creme and a cherry.The service was quick but the overall dining experience was not worth $23.07.
3	The double cheeseburger was very tasty. ..almost worth the $12 it cost. It was the perfect snack to share with my little one after our bumpy flight from Ontario. .
1	Slow and super expensive, even for the airport. $8 for hotdog, $11 for a burger and fries are an extra $3. Took 10 minutes to get my food and there wasn't even a line.
2	I decided to get a burger while waiting for my connecting flight at the Phoenix airport as I was pretty hungry. A quick walk around the terminal led to Deluxburger which had a menu focused on burgers so decided to give it a try.I got the classic burger($11.50) and chocolate shake ($6.50). Like every other restaurant at the airport prices were almost double of what you would pay outside. After ordering it was almost a 15 minutes wait to finally get the food.The burger itself was pretty big but not huge, with a lot of stuff thrown in between the buns. I could comfortably lift it and bit into it without making a big mess. There were two problems with the burger. First the patties were overcooked so were dry as a bone. Secondly the burger was over-seasoned. It had so much salt that I could not taste anything else on the bun, just the taste of salt in every bit. After a couple of bites I could not bear this torture anymore so I gave up and trashed it. The chocolate shake on the other hand was very pleasant. It was not too sweet yet sweet enough to satisfy my sweet tooth. I would have personally liked the milkshake to be a lot thicker but this was easier to put down.Overall not very impressed and will look at other options the next time I need to get something to eat at Phoenix airport.
4	As a regular at Sky Harbor I had not seen deluxburger yet, probably cause I am usually half asleep when I get here. I can't say anything negative about the cost. It was a pricey burger at $11.50, and it was tasty and filling but it wasn't a "big kahuna burger " (Pulp Fiction reference) but it does beat the slop fest you'd get at Burger King in the other wing of the terminal. I played it safe with a burger as I had a long flight to Charlotte and didn't want to risk eating Pei Wei which was next to Delux. It was a good burger and it sat well at 35,000 feet. I would have rated it Five stars, but the speed of service was quite slow for such a busy hub, had I not had a good chunk of time before my flight, I would have grabbed the tried and true pizza combos from the gift shop. It took almost 20 minutes from decision to ingestion. If the line is short and you have some wiggle before boarding, it's good.
3	That's a whole lot of burger! It's about average. Not as good as In and out. Add on a fries and drink and this meal will run you $18+. It's plenty for two people to share. If you are stuck here at airport it's ok but if you have other options...pass. I think there is a Mexican place in this airport that I previously went to that was way better.
2	Service was nice and my food was given to me instantly.An egg and cheese sandwich on brioche with a small bottle of aquafina water almost $11!I loved the brioche and the melty cheese.  The eggs where to hard eggs, almost as if they were microwaved in the bottle of a bowl or cup.  The yolks were very green.  I ended up picking them out and just eating the cheese bread.
3	This a tough review to write. I recieved friendly and fast service. The burger is big with a nice brioche bun, a good amount of cheese, and fresh and tasty veggies (LTOP). The fries were a little greasy. Overall I was satisfied. The problem is the $18 price tag. Modern Burger does a similar burger for $5 cheaper a little walk away. I hate killing a place on price.
4	Great burger. Sure you can get a cheaper burger, but for the size, quality, and speed of service live a little. Not all burgers are created equal. Bring your appetite. I got the classic + bacon and can't imagine having room for fries. Great way to get satiated for that 3 hour flight to the east coast. Nice brioche bun, fresh lettuce, tomatoes and pickles. Good size patty. Bacon cooked right. You might need a jaw that unhinges to put this baby down.
3	If you like shoestring fries, order the fries. They were my favourite part of my 10:30 a.m. lunch. (Breakfast is served until 10:00 AM).The burger, at first glance, looked delicious. I would have appreciated a kid's sized burger or something because it was HUGE. I didn't need two patties and I didn't need a huge brioche bun. A smaller burger with one patty would have been more than sufficient.As others have said: greasy. That was the only downside, and it made me really not want to eat that much. With each bite, I could feel the grease slide down my throat, too. And the bun was pretty saturated. Yucky.
