5	Oh... my... G*D! This place is AMAZING! I've been on a pie kick since Thanksgiving. Seriously. For the past four or so months my friends have heard nothing but my desire for pie! Last weekend while on a trip to Montreal with my girlfriends, I started talking about my never ending desire for pie again. And so, after a fabulous dinner at L'Express, I was taken here, to Rockberry, otherwise known as pie heaven! So the group of us were absolutely stuffed to the gills when we arrived, but we still decided to get coffee and share 3 pieces of pie. And I voted to get mine a'la mode (yuuuuuuuuuum!). And when they arrived.... they were GIANT!! Each "slice" was seriously a QUARTER of an ENTIRE PIE. And the a'la mode was two GIANT scoops of ice cream. INSANE. And... SO GOOD! The apple pie was the best out of the three. The strawberry rhubarb was too sweet for my taste. And the blueberry pie was perfect... and swimming in ice cream. YUM! My lactose intolerant stomach didn't complain (thank goodness), and I was able to gleefully stuff myself sick with pie and ice cream. It's such a good thing Montreal is a 6 hour drive away... or I'd be here every weekend! :) The BEST place for pie! And our server was really sweet. And it looks to be a great place for a date! We saw a bunch of people eating sandwiches and dinner here. But definitely... come here for the pie!
3	Mainly a dessert place but they do have some other food. I came for an early dinner and ordered some tortellini, which was OK.My husband ordered a Thai wrap which was pretty good. Both came with Caesar salads. Again, all safe choices.For dessert we had some really great Oreo cheesecake. Their strong point is clearly in the pies and cakes they make.
4	Decadence on a dish.  You could go for a meal, but I wouldn't suggest it; you don't want to fill up too much before you hit the pie.  Honestly, the pie is sufficient to be a meal in itself.... Or more precisely, a slice of pie could be my only meal of the day.  It's that rich.  Good, but rich.  Super, super rich.The cheesecake pies in particular are incredible.  They usually consist of a cookie crust filled with a thick, cheesecake-like custard chock full of peanut butter, chocolate, candy bars, caramel, etc.  They custard is topped with thick clouds of whipping cream then garnishes with more "extras".  The whole thing stands about 4-5" high and is a fearful meal to tackle.  I've never made it through an entire one.The lemon meringue pie is also decent.  The filling is a little too sweet for my tastes; I was looking for something a bit more tart to contrast the airy, sugary meringue that floats on top.  I've had better, but I've also had much worse.  I haven't yet tried the fruit pies, but I've heard rave reviews.The service is so-so.  We were seated quickly when we arrived, but it took a very long time for the waitress to come and take our order.  Also, after being served, we didn't see the waitress until we hailed someone for the check.  I could have used about 5 glasses of water in that time period.  Overall though, this is a great place for dessert.  It meets all my requirements for decadent deliciousness, at a decent price.
5	Before This week, I had never been to Rockaberry. Now I've been three times. I knew they served cake, but what I just experienced was sooooo much more! Being the first patio day in Montreal we ordered up some sangria which surprisingly good (alcoholic). I ordered the Louisiana sandwich which came with amazing wedge fries and then the Boston Cream cake for dessert. Honestly, best Thursday afternoon I've had in a while. Thanks Rockaberry!
4	mmmmm pie! it was nice to go with a group and get a few slices to split between all of us. Some were more creamy/chocolate lovers while others liked the fruity stuff, but the general sentiment seemed to be wonderful satisfaction.There were several levels of seating and since we went earlier in the day it was pretty quiet. I think I saw some people by themselves studying/reading.
4	Okay so I was promised a milkshake at a bowling alley last night and it turns out they didn't have any.... SO.... I decided that tonight I must get one!  I Google Searched for where I can get a nice milkshake in Montreal and this place came up.  Amelie and I went there and she got the pecan pie (the apple pie looked amazing too!) and I got a Cappuccino Milkshake (they also had Amaretto, Chocolate, Mocha, Strawberry, Vanilla etc...)  It was GREAT!  The restaurant was very clean and modern-looking.  We had a nice time and will be back again!
3	Rockaberry is the place to go when you want a cheap, giant serving of dessert. Great for sugarholics.
4	Awesome pie here.  Was very pleased with the key lime and apple crumb pie.  Definitely on my list of places to return on my next visit to Montreal.
3	Rockaberry was alright, nothing special. Ordered the club sandwich, which was light on lettuce but heavy on the mayo -- not the greatest. The white bread it was served on (there were no other choices) made the sandwich particularly underwhelming. The slice of strawberry rhubarb pie that was ordered to-go was also underwhelming -- pretty tart.On the upside, they have draft beer and friendly service -- that counts for something, right? I still wish I would've ordered a slice of the millefeuille that I asked the waitress about (my non-Francophone self had never heard of such a creation let alone knew what the word translated to) -- she was very patient in explaining in English what millefeuille was. Oh well, maybe some other time. We shall see.
4	AMAZING PIE!!I am obsessed with blueberry cobblers/crumbles....and this was probably one of the best I've ever had. I also tried the raspberry crumble, a chocolate something and tiramasu. All were pretty good!Service was great. Most of the service I experienced around Montreal was pretty bad (Especially when they realized we were Americans) but the girl who worked there was SOOO NICE! And super helpful. And actually spoke to us in English. Love this place and will definitely come back on my next trip!
4	I love pie. So when my friend recommended a great pie place in Montreal, I immediately added it to the itinerary. Hubby and I walked over after lunch at Schwartz's and shared the waiter's rec of a slice of apple crumble cheese. SO GOOD. The "crumble" is made up of these huge chunks of buttery, sugary, crumble-y deliciousness; the apples were not overly sweet or gummy; and the cheesecake was fluffy and smooth. Minus one star for the sloooow service due to the fact they only had 2 people on staff at the time. Yikes!
5	Rockaberry's is best known for their pies, pies, pies! A heavenly, yet devilish, treat that makes you feel oh-so-divine. I always walk on over from the Concordia quarter and back, as to not feel guilty for indulging. They serve some sandwiches, salads, and other things here and there too... but their pies are phenomenal and hit the spot just right.My favourites are their fudge & caramel cheesecake, oreo cheesecake, raspberry crumble pie, and strawberry & peach crumble pie. Mmmmm... Writing this is making me want some right now.They have outdoor seating that provides a great view of what's happening on St. Denis, from shopping to watching passers-by.
5	Ok so I can only review one kinda pie here cause I have yet to move on to the next (it's been about 10 years but who's counting) it was called Bananasplit, but now it's called Banalicious.....don't matter cause it is to die for no matter what you call it.Light not too sweet (which is almost impossible but somehow true), chocolate cake and bananas, rich whipped cream and sinfully moist cake,I rest my case, 23.95 gets you a whole pie, write happy birthday, congrats on your graduation, enjoy your oil change.....it's all goodmmmmmmmm
2	the cakes are nothing special and way too expensive, it used to be like a cute place to go for coffee and desert but now they try to make it some snooty place. Dont go near the food!
3	I've been coming here since the 90's...Back in the day, this place was so popular, somewhat like Juliette and Chocolat of it's day. It still has some darn good pies. My fave is the mille feuilles, I had a oreo period, banana split, oh yeah. Sadly banana split is no more, they replaced it with banana cake(cough crap cough).I think this place is due for an update on the pies, I think we've all been here so many times, and ate them pies so many times, even though it's still good, it doesn't wow anymore... it's still packed when we went, but it feels stale and I'm a bit sad about it...
5	OMG. Can they open a location in Los Angeles. We loved it. Geeses, where do I began, the portions are huge and the coffee was great. You can't go wrong with whatever dessert you buy!!!!
4	If you love desserts then Rockaberry is THE place to go when you visit Montreal. They offer a variety of cakes and pies that will make your mouth water simply at the sight of them. Of course, desserts are kind of their thing, but they also offer a menu of soups, salads, etc. for those who aren't interested in indulging their sweet tooth.After glancing at the cakes and pies they had on display I knew right away what I was going to order. I ordered the raspberry and peach crumble pie. OMG! I can't even think about how good that pie was from the filling to the crust without wanting to take an impromptu trip back to Montreal. I accompanied my slice of pie with a tea and the entire meal itself was very affordable.Just a few things to note:- staff does speak English (for you non-French speakers)- there are two floors available for seating - Free wi-fi is available at that locationI would love to stop at Rockaberry when I go back to Montreal!
5	One of my favourite places in Montreal! If you are a dessert person, this is a "must" place. They have a wide range of pie selections and its all amazing! My personal favourite is the apple crumb with vanilla ice cream.  Their wraps and salads are not bad either.
3	Stopped in at Rockaberry for dessert during our trip to Montreal. It was not very busy on a Sunday night. Ordered coffee and split a berry pie a la mode, since they were out if the blueberry pie. Perhaps we didn't order the right thing, as they had done other rich looking chocolate and cheesecake pies, but I thought the pie was average. It was warm but didn't blow me away, and the berries seemed to have more of a preserve than fresh. The ambience inside wasn't the most cozy, although had ample seating and a great location close to Plateau Mt. Royal.
2	It's an interesting dessert place, opened pretty late (which is useful if you have a 'snack attack' while going out in the surrounding bars on Saint-Denis). And the portions are HUGE! Just to make you you understand that last point: HUUUUUUGGGGEEEE! Yeah, I can never finish my plate when I order something there. One tip: share your dessert with someone.Otherwise, their many variations of cheesecake are amazing, but it's always a 'hit-or-miss' for me: for every time I went there, the cake/pie would be awesome, or could be bland/tasteless. That's one of the reasons why I don't go that much.
5	Food- All the pies/cakes were made to perfection - The cakes came out fresh- Espresso....no issues.Service- Was fast and courteous
5	We ran across this great little bakery during our stroll through Montreal. There was a group of four of us, which gave us the chance to order several different items and share. Everything was GREAT, especially the apple pie! If you're near by, save room for this place's great desserts!
4	One guy goes into the shop.Me: Hello.Pie Dude: Hello. Me: A slice of cheese cake, strawberry please.Pie Dude: Sure. Wait , did you say strawberry shortcake or cheesecake?Me: Cheesecake please.While he puts the slice into a styrofoam container, I paused and think to myself:"I really should stop lying about my height. C'mon man, you know you're only 5 foot..."Pie Dude: Here you go.You need a fork?Me: No thanks.The guy then leave the shop with a smile.
