5	I'm so surprised no one wrote a review about this place! Came here over the weekend... it's a new club in Scottsdale and I'm in love with it! Bartenders are full of energy and aren't stingy with your choice of liquor... VIP hosts were incredibly friendly... even the gogo dancers are sexy as hell - no fur boots and tacky outfits at this spot!Definitely the new go-to-spot in Scottsdale. It gets crazy packed and the music is unreal... the DJ has to be one of the best I've heard. If you prefer quiet and less crowded - definitely have to go somewhere else. But that's boring, so don't!
5	Epiq is epic!!!!! After being fully revamped this summer, Epiq has become a new favorite for an awesome night out! It is nothing short of amazing! Once inside, the club has floor to ceiling mirrors that resonate the flashing LED lights on the walls and continuous laser lighting.  The music has been on point (EDM), with great DJs including the house DJ the STIQ, dressed just like the Stig from the show, Top Gear.  Most of the club is taken up by two levels of tables on either side of the dance floor, with the best table service. A table is the best way to experience Epiq... to dance the night away & some of those liquid calories too ;)
3	This place is alright. Honestly it looks just like PCL, but instead of a girl in the little glass box above, there are now 1-2 gogo dancers. The music was similar to any other place, nothing special. I didn't think it was all that different from PCL - which is fine, I never had a problem with that place anyway. The drinks seemed strong, which is always a huge plus in my eyes. I'd go back for sure, just not my first choice for dancing.And the other 2 reviews on here seem completely planted. O_o Be more convincing if you're gonna do that.
1	Unfortunately, I have to update my review to one star. Since our last experience, we have tried to come back to Epiq on more than one occasion to no avail. They are now charging $20 on Fridays AND Saturdays... even to women.The last time I talked to the bouncers was the final attempt I'd ever make. It was 12:45am on a Friday night and they refused to drop the cover charge. You want each one of my girlfriends (7 of us total) to pay $20 for only one hour of entertainment? I even asked them to reduce it to $10 and they said no.So, I vowed not to ever go back and went to Dollhouse instead. The lovely VIP host comped us a bottle and a round of shots... so that's where my 5 stars, my girls and my money are going.
5	Let me tell you these guys rock the house.  We went in there Saturday and had a blast.  Bottle Service was affordable, girls were amazing, and the place just felt right.  We will definitely be back to check this out.
3	This weekend EPIQ is E - P - I - C!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Well I was trying to do the Monster Truck guys voice, but writing has its limits.  Thought it would sound cool, but anyways EPIQ nightclub is located what used to be Pussycat Lounge - which I thought was a pretty cool place for it's music choices.  Never was I let down, but like many night clubs you must adapt and keep up with the Jones.  Thus, EPIQ was sprout from the gonads of Zeus's father Cronus!Not really, but I gotta make this review interesting somehow.  Needless to say, EPIQ is anything, but EPIC simply because the space is very limited.  However, on the night I went the dance floor was quite open and I definitely enjoyed that.  You can actually dance and not grind up to somebody here "by accident" - wink; sorry didn't mean to, btw what's your name?  Carrying on, the music has changed and the mix is not my cup of tea though not bad.  If you need a quick night out to dance and drinks and don't really care where, then EPIQ is your place.  The crowd is pretty relaxed and not pretentious like you would expect so it's an A in my book! - Enjoy!
3	EPIQ FAIL.... unless you're a twenty something punk that is. I know I'm bitter about getting older and not being able to dance, but even if I was a clueless dance crazed tween I'd never set foot in this wanna-be disco extacy fest. Forget about getting a drink, a seat, or the possibility of ever talking to someone. This is where you go on drugs to dance with other drugged out douche bags. I much preferred PCL, even though those days have long passed me by... To be fair I gave it three stars because half the problem is obviously me.
