3	This Jack in the Box location saved my buddies and I. twice this past weekend, as it was one of a very few restaurants open after we stumbled out of the Candy Store. I use the term "restaurant" loosely, but we are talking about Phoenix here.It did the trick, and both times the guys working the drive through had all sorts of personality, the second one navigating a ridiculously complicated order and the errant moans from one of my over served friends.The two tacos stand out as one of the great hidden gems on any fast food menu. And at .99$ they're  a bargain to boot!
4	I have never had a screwed up order here. The staff is really nice and usually will engage in small talk while you wait. Get the Chicken Club on Sourdough....
3	3 for $3 rocks!
1	Guy in drive thru has Indian accent from hell and they don't carry ranch. This Jack sucks.
4	One of the better Jack in the Boxes. They don't overcook their eggs in the morning.
4	Very friendly service.  Try the breakfast "plate" it is a good deal.
1	I went to this location to order lunch for my office..I went in and ordered 50 tacos, because it was a last minute decision we did not call in the order. I apologized in advance and let them know I was not in a hurry and to take their time making my very large, last minute order. That being said, after I ordered, the manager on duty proceeded to call me rude for not calling in my order during their lunch rush. (I was the only person in the lobby and they had one car in their drive thru.)I again apologized and she just walked away without acknowledging me further.. Once my order was ready she kind of tossed the bags onto the counter and walked away.I feel that I was treated very unprofessionally when spending money they otherwise would not have gotten during their 'rush'.I will not be returning to this location & will also be filing a complaint with the company itself.
4	Now it probably seems strange to be giving a fast food joint a 4 star review.. and I'll admit they aren't my first choice other than on special occasions... but that being said, this particular Jack in the Box has ALWAYS been spotlessly clean when I've visited it, the various staff members polite, courteous and efficient and the food cooked to fast food perfection - so if you need a drive through / something fast, I highly recommend it.
