5	Had a killer toothache ....I was literally in tears crying. I don't have dental insurance nor did I have a lot of money but I  Called this office an asked for a emergency extraction..the doctor was leaving and they were closed but he said he would wait for me! I went in and he got down to business..best part is a didn't feel a thing...not even the typical "you may feel a bit of pressure". Dr Edwards is amazing and I highly recommend him :)
5	Just arrived in Vegas for vacation & husband started to experience excruciating tooth pain.  I googled Emergency Dental Care in Las Vegas & called a number on one of the websites. The number went straight to the doctor! That's a first. He directed me to the front desk to schedule and appointment. We had no problem in scheduling a same day emergent appointment...Thank GOD! We got there and the wait until my husband was seen was very short. They ended up extracting an infected tooth. The staff was very friendly and personable. I like that they had a place where my daughter could play. My husband was extremely satisfied with the care that Dr. Edwards provided. Experience was very positive. If his practice was in San Diego, I would definitely switch dentist!
5	I haven't seen a dentist since I've moved to Vegas over 2 years ago. But now that my insurance covers it I decided to have a routine dental exam & cleaning. When making my appointment I let them know that I was expecting, & they advised that I would need a medical release from my OBGYN before any work was done. Which is I though was very thorough of them. On my appointment day the reception staff were very friendly & even offered me a bottle of water while I was filling out my new patient paperwork. I had x-rays done w/ 2 of the heavy blanket things for added protection. Then Dr. Edwards greeted me. He was really nice & commented how nice my driver's license picture was. We laughed & he went on w/ the exam. Nothing too major, just 3 little fillings I have to do but after the baby is born. I am scheduled for a cleaning next week so we'll see how that goes. This was a nice office, very comfortable & I would recommend if anyone is looking for a dentist in the Southwest Las Vegas area.
1	my partner was in need of a dentist a little over a week ago on a sunday.  our normal dentist was closed on the weekend and does not have 24/7 emergency hours.  i called our internest office asking if they new of a 24 hour emergency dentist.  we thought that it might be an abscess tooth.  they didnt know of any and told us to look online for a dentist.  we got on line and searched for a dentist with 24 hour emergency services.  the dentist that came up said that they had 24/7 emergency services. i called the number that was listed.  i called the number listed which turned out to be smiles dental and spoke with the dentist.  i explained to him what was going on with her and the incredible pain that she was in.  i told him that it was more of her lower left jaw, that it was swollen and that she was using ice packs, but that it was not helping at all.  he didnt ask us anything else about her health.  he said that he could meet us at his office at 6:30pm.  he said that since he didnt have any support staff that i would have to pay cash.  he said that it would be between $150.00 to $300.00 and if that would be a problem.  i told him that it was not a problem and what ever it took to take care of her problem.we got to his office at 6:20pm and he arrived at 6:30pm.  we went into the office and he handed me the paperwork that normally gets filled out.  the paper asked for her history and when we got to the meds she gave him her typed list, just seems to make things easier.  he was looking at her meds while i filled out the paperwork.  he said after i took a good 15 minutes to fill our all the paperwork he said that he cant help her.  that based on her pain meds and him  not having any staff to help him that he would want a medical release from her doctor.  lets see, a sunday night at almost 7pm and he wants a release from her doctor to work on her.  he didnt even look at the tooth or the jaw.   what a waist of time to drive almost 20 miles t0 him and 20 miles back to have her still in pain.  if your telling people you are a 24 hour emergency dentist maybe you should ask more questions before you tell someone to travel to them.  maybe you should have atleast 1 support staff with you.  dont waste your time going to this dentists if you are taking any kind of medication especially if you are in extreme pain cause he wont bother with you.  very upset!
5	My mom has not seen a dentist in years and needed to see one badly. We were nervous upon coming here but after various visits in the past month or so, my mom is definitely a happy patient.The office is clean, the couches and chairs are comfortable, there's a tv and it's always on a good channel and the ambiance is simply cozy. The workers are also genuinely accommodating and nice. But let me tell you about Dr. Edwards. :) My mom was the last patient yesterday for her dental surgery and we were given prescription for pain meds and anti-bac meds. We went straight to the pharmacy but unfortunately, they were unable to give us the pain meds because the prescription was not on a tamper proof paper (A new policy established this month). I was panicking because my mom was for sure going to be in pain and needed the meds. I knew the office was closed but I still called and on the voicemail, it stated another alternate number. I called and on the second ring, Dr. Edwards picked up! He was polite, friendly & suggested a non-prescription medication my mom could take instead. He was so specific & detailed & I couldn't be anymore thankful. My mom (when she was able to finally comfortably talk) even told me that after her almost 3-hr surgery, Dr. Edwards gave her a hug. What a sweet gesture! My mom truly appreciated it. As someone who works in the healthcare industry, I'm often critical at how healthcare professionals treat my mom since we've had our share of bad experiences. But I definitely recommend Smiles Dental Group for your dental needs. It's rare to experience such good medical or dental services nowadays and I'm just glad my mom was/is in good hands. That's all I really ever want when it comes to my mom's health. So thanks Smiles Dental Group!
