5	Mike Miller always exceeds my expectations! I could not be more delightedto have him back in service. I was depressed when I learned that he was not there a month ago, an delayed my service because of it. BUT, soooooooooooo glad he's backI will bring all of our family cars to Camelback Volkswagen because of Michael.SincerelyCarol Beamer
1	Not much to say about the customer service in the service department at this dealership, besides that it is below par. I was never offered water while I waited or even notified of a timeframe of my wait. While checking in all of the guys continued to have side conversations with one another, making me feel as though I, as a customer was not a top priority. Needless to say I was not impressed, and plan to avoid a future return due to this unimpressive experience.
5	No comments at this time
1	This was my first time buying a car (that I would have to make monthly payments on) and I was searching the valley for the perfect one. Going to Honda, Toyota, Jeep and many more locations and dealerships I also went to this location to check out a very specific model of Volkswagen. I was greeted warmly in the parking lot and immediately told the sales associate what I was looking for (pre-owned and a few years old). After showing me one car on the lot that was a brand spanking new 2014 beauty I informed the associate that although the car is wonderful and I am not buying a new car. I asked him if he could check out the inventory for me and he happily walked me inside and sat me down at his desk. After a very long process of giving him my information (he typed with two fingers and seemed as though he had never used a computer before) we got NOWHERE in even looking at inventory. I was handed off to 3 other sales associates up to the floor manager all trying to sell me a 2014 brand new car. I felt like I was speaking a different language and they were so incredibly pushy and disrespectful. I will never recommend this place to anyone. Horrible sales attitudes and after traveling to numerous lots all over the valley this place really upset me. I was called a few weeks after to "have me come down and check out their new inventory" and after telling Tommy I already purchased a vehicle, he literally repeated what he had just told me "come down and check out our inventory" I was so infuriated they were STILL pushing me. Oh yeah and I ended up buying a pre-owned Volkswagen Tiguan that I absolutely love from Lunde Peoria Volkswagen who has the most lovely staff and treated me with respect and helped me find my perfect car.
1	We were very excited to get our first VW because of the Quality German craftsmanship. However I sit at VW repairs for the third time in 5 months to get our brand new car fixed. So much for quality...Cheap plastic parts just can't hang with the Az sun.While that's pretty frustrating of itself, even more so is that they have never offered a temp car so I can move on with my day...Being trapped at a vw dealership  for 4 to 8 hrsThree different times...Yup...Not only will they sell you a cheaply made overpriced car...But they'll incarcerate you for it too...
5	I have never enjoyed going through the financing part of buying a car.  But, Tony Avila made the experience of financing my daughter's car a blast. Thank you Tony for being patient while I relayed messages to her in South Korea.
5	Had my care in for service and Joe was amazing,  thank for the great service
5	Service Department; The Camelback VW service dept. has really made a raving fan of me. I attribute most of this to my advisor Ricky. His customer relations is very professional and he was very obliging to answer all my questions no matter how frequent. This is the first time I've ever experienced such white glove service from a dealership before. I won't name names but Ricky has taken my business from another VW dealership. The work is done right the first time and done usually before the estimated time frame. The courtesy service guys are fast and helpful. Top notch all around!
1	My experience is far too long to write on here. I would never recommend anyone give their time, money or service to this place. I have been lied to and taken advantage of on more than one occasion. Of I could return my truck and cut all ties, I would. My finance advisor had me come back and sign my contract four times! He said he found me a better interest rate through a different financial institution etc. What he really did was take certain things out of my contract and I don't even know what happened with that money!
5	I just bought a 2014 VW Jetta back in February at Volkswagen Camelback and loved the experience. Unfortunately,  I totalled it a few days ago. I went back today and met Rene, the best car saleswoman ever. She made me feel so comfortable with my new purchase. I bought a 2012 VW Jetta TDI and felt absolutely no pressure. Joe Espisito, the manager, was amazing. He made sure that my numbers were what I asked for. If you you want no hassle or no BS, go see Rene and Joe. Michael, the other manager, is pretty awesome too. I actually feel like I'm part of the VW family. I have to shout out to Ricky in service too. He has always been great to me. Thanks Camelback Volkswagen! I will never go anywhere else.Nic
1	Not sure where to begin but I'll give my experiences. I took my car in and I was given quotes that were flat out lies. The first quote I asked for, after my car was checked, the person at the service desk flat out refused to give me a print out, like reputable dealers do. He wrote it out on a blank piece of paper and refused to be specific on exactly they found as possible issues and what they feel I needed. Never in my life have I experienced a dealership being evasive on what they looked at, what they found and what they feel you need.Since it was a dealership I gave them the benefit of the doubt (big mistake). After my car was fixed the quote that was written on the paper was nowhere near what I was being charged. When I said "I asked for the exact quote including tax and you said this was it, what happened?" all I got was "I made a mistake". The second time I brought my car in the same quote thing happened but this time, I did receive an actual print out with a quote. When I asked "will this be the exact price?" I was told "I think so". The same thing happened as before in terms of the quote but this time my radio was not working after the work was done on my car.When I get home to tell them my radio was not working I was told to bring it back and they will look at it. When I arrived I was told "how do we know the radio wasn't working when you brought it in?". I told the service advisor "well your guy turned the radio down when he got in my car because we BOTH heard it on when he turned on the car so obviously it was working".I was then told "well maybe you have a short or something but we don't know if it was working when you brought it in". After us going back and forth on whether my radio wasn't working or not when I brought it in, the advisor then said they would check it and see if I had a shortness the radio.They took me to the back and as they were testing my radio they commented "umm you don't have a short, but maybe it's a bad radio". When I told the tech "no, my radio is fine" I could see the anger in his eyes because I was holding them accountable for not doing proper work on my vehicle. Right then I knew they were liars and flat out dishonest. It's my fault for assuming the dealerships would be on the "up and up".After going back and forth with management on this, I was done trying to work with them. I hits decided to never go to them again.Go here if you want but understand they are liars and if anything goes wrong they are going to put the responsibility on the customer. If your radio, windshield wipers or anything else is not working properly after they repair your car and you can't prove that it was working properly before you brought it in, be prepared to spend money to get their mistakes fixed.....because you can't prove that it wasn't working when you brought it in.
5	I love Camelback VW!! I was matched into the right car for my 5 yr old daughter Esther and I by a well educated Sales Agent & fellow VW driver Nygil Newborn. His Manager Chester was able to work out the numbers to best work with me and dealership. LJ in finance explained my options and proactively worked with Nygil and Chester assuring that I was driving away with the best car for the best price. Ricky P from Service supported me during this deal for a week prior to my final sign date- that's service!! He knew how much getting into a new VW meant to me and my baby and didn't leave us hanging ; ) Lynn graciously extended her smile and her knowledge by touching base with us throughout our deal.  Thank you #CamelbackVW from my family to yours!
5	I just bought a sweet car from this place. I had too since my car at the time died. It was my first car so I was sad to say the least but George was awesome. He helped through the whole process and took pictures with me and car that I was trading in so I could have memories. He was so compassionate and him along with Doug and Jeff got me a great deal on my new car. They are great people. I highly recommend going to see these guys! They will take care of you from start to finish. :-)
1	Me and my girlfriend bought cars from this dealership in July at the used car dealership. The staff at Camelback Volkswagen are extremely rude, especially in their Service Center. They always seem like they don't want to help you. Once you buy a car from them, they have gotten what they need from you and then could care less. The dealership is greedy and they will do whatever they can to get a quick buck out of you. Do not buy from this dealership. I know me and my girlfriend won't make this mistake again.
