3	I admire the concept, but the execution is not quite there. Overall, lackluster. Yes, they do have a lot of exotic sounding teas in all kinds of variety. But are they "good"?  - I'd say OK, based on the Sencha and white tea my friend and I had. The decorations and seating arrangements are .. ok. I know what they're trying to do, but not sure if its working.I do appreciate the hours open (until 11pm 7 days a week), though.
4	This is a better alternative than coffee shop for a casual chat with friends. They got this mini pavilion with cushions in addition to the cafe like seating. We had to take the shoes off, but we geo to spread our legs on the floor and had tea on the low tables. People kept their conversations at low volume; good for relaxing. The music ranged from  jazz chill-out, modern Indian pop, to oldies, etc. Towards the last half hr, we just kinda dozed off/meditated on our own and the staff didn't bother us at all.The tea was on the expensive side ($5 per pot). We tried "Darjeeling first flush" and "Memories of Prague."  The Darjeeling was indeed good in terms of aroma and taste, but the second one was just ok. Staff is very friendly and attentive. I think of this place more as a hippie-ish tea house than as a lounge.
4	Dobra is a quaint, cool joint in the heart of State Street. I love the location. Dobra fills the "quiet tea house" niche that had been unfilled in downtown Madison.The decor is exotic and I liked the elevated platforms where you and your friends can sit, cross-legged, and sip fine teas from around the world. There aren't enough places like this in the US.This place does have a few issues, though. First, the teas are a much pricier than I've seen in other loose-leaf teashops. The selection is large, but it tended to skew toward Chinese teas, and I think could have used a few more Japanese, Indian, Sri Lankan and East African offerings. A cup of tea (which affords 3-5 steeps) will cost roughly $5, which is quite expensive.The service was a bit slow; the first time I went, I ordered a three-cup tasting ($5.28 with tax) and it took over 10 minutes to actually get the order. I wasn't terribly impressed with any of the three: the "yellow" tea smelled of corn and was a bit too weak (normally they give a variety of green tea, but they had run out); the black tea was over-brewed and bitter; and the puer-eh was interesting, but not my cup of tea, to use a bad pun.Dobra does, however, have some interesting smoked Japanese green teas and a decent selection of Chinese oolongs as well.The cups and teapots needed a deep scrub as they were stained from previous brews. This isn't a huge issue, but it detracted from the elegant ambience and level of sophistication that Dobra is aiming for.I also had a baba ganouj snack ($7), which was delicious---well-seasoned roasted eggplant, soft and fresh whole-gran pita bread, all with olive oil. Once again, it's a pricey dish, but the quality was high.If Dobra Tea offered some vegan desserts, a more diverse tea selection, and sped up their service a bit, this place would be a gem. As it stands, it falls a little short of its full potential, but is still a worthwhile stop if you're strolling down State Street and looking for something different than a normal coffee shop.
3	Used to come and sit for hours with a friend and two little pots of tea.  I forget the kind - a black tea, served with milk and honey.  We didn't venture too far.  The place has sooooo much potential - it would be 4 stars, but I'm not a fan of straight black, white, or green tea, so I took a star off for my personal tastes.  They never made to kick us out though, which was appreciated.  I enjoyed the tea and the little sitting areas, but they could used some more sturdy chairs instead.
4	Minus the summoning bells, this place was fantastic.  The lighting is soft and the ambiance is comfortable.  The place was a bustling on a Sunday afternoon, with everyone from students to townies enjoying tea.  People perched at small tables or sat on the floor in raised seating areas.  The tea list was massive, with teas from various areas of the world and all different types.  Most of the teas were in the $4-5 range and you often seemed to be able to order by the cup or pot.  Small pictures on the menu offered an explanation for how many cups/pots you could expect to get.  For example, the tea I ordered was $4 for a cup (could be steeped 3 times), or $5 for a pot (could be steeped twice).  A cup was more than enough for me, AND, they gave me enough hot water in my personal tea pot that I was able to refill FOUR times.  I'm a wild woman, I tell ya.  My only issue (and it's really my own) was the bell they give you when you are seated.  You are to use the bell to summon the server when you are ready to order, and later, when you need more hot water.  Mind you, it's  not an obnoxious bell - it's a soft, twinkling sound... but it just felt very strange to be using it, I felt awkward and elitist.      BOTTOM LINE:  If I could ditch the bell, I'd be sold.  Okay.  I'd go back anyways, who am I kidding.  I thought the place was great.
4	An insanely kind and knowledgeable staff, combined with a massive menu and a serene ambiance leads to a consistently pleasant experience at Dobra Tea.Seating ranges from tables for two to pillow-filled platforms that are great for small- to medium-sized groups. The chairs and platforms don't quite stand up to other caffeinated-beverage houses in the area on the comfort scale, but aren't so bad as to be uninviting. My personal favorite is the chilled rooibos shaken with honey, and the hot chai is also really tasty. In the five or six times I've been there, everyone's always been pleased with their drink and the service. The only complaint has been about the custom of ringing a bell at your table for service; though it's nice to have time to peruse the menu and figure out what you want at your leisure, summoning the staff with a bell feels too much like calling for a servant. On a bit of a side note, a special thanks to the lovely staff for never kicking us out, despite our inevitably inappropriate conversations and bursts of zen-breaking laughter.
5	I'm a bit of a tea fanatic, and the creator of http://ratetea.net so I feel I have high standards for reviewing this shop, and this place solidly earned 5 stars in my opinion.I was very pleased to find this place.  It has both normal tables, and cozy, low tables with cushions vaguely reminiscent of a Japanese aesthetic.This place really specializes in high-quality, straight loose tea.  It's a place you would go if you enjoy your tea without milk or sugar.  The menu is large and diverse.  Most importantly, the people here know how to brew tea properly--including both gong fu brewing (small, brief infusions with more leaf) and using multiple infusions western-style (longer brewing times).The tea here is also very good quality--which, alas, is rare here in the U.S., even among specialty tea shops.  The selection is comprehensive.  You can find some esoteric teas that they don't have here if you look online, but you'll find this place carries all of the well-known teas and quite a few less-well-known ones.  In particular, there's even a good selection of oolongs, which can be hard to find in the U.S.We had the Da Hong Pao and it was outstanding--each infusion had a totally different character.I'm not sure why the other reviewer objected to the bells--I thought they were very cute.  There is a little bell on each table and you can ring it when you want service.Very inexpensive to drink tea in, given how knowledgeable the staff is about brewing, and how the high-quality teas are good for making many infusions.  I definitely recommend ordering a pot.I am eagerly awaiting coming back to this place!
5	I am huge tea nerd, being into Japanese tea ceremony for years and a tea drinker since I was a wee baby sippin on milky chai, so I have a pretty firm grasp of what's frickin' awesome when it comes to the steeped brew.Dobra fits the bill well. They have a small-ish selection when it comes to black and other types of tea besides green, but they still have all the basics that one could want when going out for tea. Though they are a bit pricey, it is more a reflection of quality than of overpricing.The staff is very knowledgeable and take the time to offer steeping advice as well as recommendations. Going in two days in a row, they remembered me and were very sweet. I felt a little weird having to ring the bell for them when I wanted to order, but it does imply that they are willing to give you all the time you need, which is nice.The atmosphere is super relaxing and I love sitting on the raised platforms; I just feel so much more at home in a place where I don't have to sit on a chair (although they do have that option, if you prefer.) The decor is also just exotic enough to give you a foreign-ish feeling, but homey enough that you want to linger for hours. I wish we had a place like this up in Minneapolis.I also tried the hummus plate and it was probably the tastiest one I've had out in recent memory. Crispy fresh veggies, luscious olive oil, spiceful pita... a perfect light lunch!I brought home some Mo Li Hua Cha to remember Dobra by. I can't wait to go back!
5	This place is simply amazing.  I wish it were in my neighborhood--I'd be here on the reg.The guy who was working here was polite and seemed v. knowledgeable.  I felt kinda weird ringing a bell to have my order taken, like I was rudely summoning a butler or something but I guess it IS more efficient!I had the ice tea that looks like a glass of beer and it was amazing.  Everything here is beautiful.  The decor is great, it doesn't take a turn for the "cornily ethnic white people gone native" look similar establishments tend to take on.  One of the best spots on state street!
1	How stuck up can you be? I came here for a meeting with a student, and held off on getting tea for a while. About 20 minutes in, a waitress rudely interrupts me as I'm explaining something and says in the most arrogant tone,  "Are you going to get some tea or not? Because just sitting here is NOT okay." I looked around. There were at least 5 open tables.Now I knew I was going to get some tea, because I had a long day ahead and not a lot of sleep to keep me going. I would rather have gotten it after I finished working. But that's certainly not happening when you treat me like a vagrant, nor do you deserve my explanation. I went to Steep and Brew and got myself a drink there instead. And I'll be sure to let everyone I know know that they should do the same.
1	Horrible service, went there at a cold night at 10:17 pm and the server told us they stopped serving at 10:15pm WTF . They were clearly open till 11:00pm and knew we were new and it was really cold outside...well horrible.Venky
5	This place was the perfect spot for a cozy cup of tea yesterday as we walked down a very blustery State St.  It had the most amazing tea selection from different areas of the world that I've ever seen.  The presentation and the atmosphere was excellent.  I had the chai rooibos that came with honey and whole milk-it was perfect!  My only complaint is that tea pots didn't looked like they were washed very regularly.
5	Great place, Great owners. Best Tea downtown madison hands down, and a nice place for a light meal, or a date. Yes, they have reasonable policies like last call at 10:15pm and no shoes in the floor seating areas. Be respectful and you'll have a great experience.
5	I love coming here to catch up with friends. They have a nice selection of tea, friendly staff, and comfy seating.However, they lose a star because of the bell ringing. It's extremely awkward.Edit: Can't believe this place is closing. I got over the bell ringing, and I can't believe Madison will be deprived of an awesome tea place with great hours.
5	This was my first time in this tea haven.  It was a great respit during a day of sightseeing in Madison.  I love the relaxing atmosphere and the tea was wonderful.  I've never seen such a great selection.
5	First went to the location in Prague, and was so excited when they opened in Madison. Amazing ambiance and tea done right.
5	Best tea in Madison. Interesting music, huge tea selection and hookah/outdoor seating in the summer.
4	Great place for tea. They had a yellow tea (which apparently is a very unique Chinese blend that has gone in and out of popularity over the centuries - I learned this when in China and not from the tea guys here) so I was compelled to try it. It wasn't brewed very well and was very bitter. It may have just been the yellow tea, but tea is not supposed to be bitter. That was a little bit of a negative, but my friend and I brewed it after the staff did and I think that the flavor cleaned up a bit. It was truly an enjoyable experience, and I expect that future teas will not be served to me tasting like they've sat too long in the water. (not because they read this review, but because they probably don't often make such easily avoidable mistakes) The selection of teas is great there.
5	I love Dobra tea, really sad to hear the negative reviews.  I don't find them snobby, they just take the place really seriously.  They do not have Wi-fi, as to deter people from staying there and studying/being distracting, they don't do take-out, to prevent many people coming in and out.  I quite like it.  It sends a message of "we do tea, our shop is calm, let go of your worries, relax, drink tea, and enjoy the ambiance".  Been there quite a few times and for the price I think you get very stellar tea and good service.  You have to wait awhile for the tea/waiters because typically only a couple people work at a time and they are steeping tea the completely for you.  Most teas require about 5 minutes to steep, when you get it, it's ready.  They use the correct pot/cups for you to enjoy the tea, create little trays for it with the larger orders, and make sure the temperature is spot on.  You have to be patient but they don't want you to just get a tea bag and call it a day - nay - this is an experience.  Enjoy the extended time and savor the tea!
5	I never fail to feel relaxed and comforted by tea here. A quiet oasis where the focus is truly on the tea, not food or coffe and tea or anything but the tea. I never have felt comfortable ringing the bell to get service, as it breaks the quiet, but that's a completely personal pickle.
3	When this place first opened, they had an extensive menu with ~50 or so teas from around the world. I recently went back and noticed that they've drastically abbreviated their menu. Now you can only choose from a small handful of teas. I realize this change was probably due to stocking issues, but the huge menu was a part of the appeal for me. It also justified the $8 a pot price -- it doesn't seem quite right to be charging that much now that they probably buy their teas in huge bulk quantities. Maybe their teas are much fresher now that they don't have to stock so many different kinds? I honestly haven't noticed a difference. That being said, a teahouse is more than just the tea. This is still a great place to hang out and have great conversations.
4	Very Good tea. I had some sort of Oolong, Possibly Pai Hao, and it tasted amazing: honey like, a tad fruity, earthy, fresh and a little woody. My friend had a Pu-erh which was excellent: a tad mossy and earthy, but over all fresh. Service? Wonderfully awkward. I think that would describe it well. Really nice when you talked to him, our host seemed a tad aloof, and sort of spacy, which wasn't a bad thing, but just different. Overall, a great experience, and I look forward to going again.
5	Favorite hang out place in town!!!! Awesome couches, comfy cushions and nice rattan chairs if you need to do some work.BEST service ever! The crew are like your homies. Come here often enough and you'll feel like it's your home!! Tea choices are unbelievable! You can get the world at your fingertips, just bring ringing the bell!It's great to share with friends, and others for yourself to savor - just ask how much tea there will be! The snacks are AWESOME! Pita anything is so good here!! And the hummus sandwich! so tasty!My favorites -Pita Lebanon! Chilled rooibus with honeyChai chai chaiTuo ChaQi Hong (Owner's name!! ^^)Darjeeling first flush
4	You must try the MORROCAN TOUAREG- tastes like honey, but more mild. Delicious.Cool space, but a little crammed & outdated. Good service.
5	Hello Dobra,Yeah, long time no see. It's been a while I know and I've missed you much.My only regret about you is WHY DON"T YOU HAVE A WI-FI? but I also know that a quality talk over a cup of tea is always rewarding and having no internet connection has usually made the real interaction happens! :) -- when eyes meet eyes, heart meets heart, without any email checking gets in the way. Dobra tea is a place to have some quality time with friends. Sitting down on the carpet, sipping the oolong tea and munching the pita bread with hummus, are always complementing the main menu: catching up with friends. I don't remember that I've ever been treated as nicely by a tea owner like the one here. We asked him for some suggestion about the tea that could enhance our evening and fit our mood and he gave us very thorough information about his stuff. This guy must have traveled to China, Japan and Middle East and learned about tea. That was my guess. On top of that, he was patiently listening to our questions and explained it informatively, as if we were the only customers around!It wasn't our first, or second, or third time to be at Dobra. Many nights have been spent with a good selection of tea. And for sure, it wouldn't be my last. In fact, this coming week, I'll meet my friends on two different dates and I know another quality time over the tea will realize soon. Dobraaaaaaa, I'm comiiiiiiiiiiiingggggggggg.
5	this place has an amazing variety of tea.  the descriptions are perfect and very helpful.  Pillow seats and low tables make you feel like you are far away from a midwest college town.  The staff is helpful and creative.  Definitely a place to visit if you love tea and a calming atmosphere.
5	I have been visiting Dobra for the past four years, and I love this place!  The ambience is calm, the tea is consistently good, the menu is broad and affordable, and the service is friendly.  I appreciate the opportunity to unwind here with friends.  They accept credit cards and the snack options are a nice plus-- this unique spot is highly recommended!
5	This is totally a bad news.When I first read it on their website, I didn't want to believe it. But I talked to the waitress this evening to confirm about the news, and the news is valid. Dobra tea will soon be gone from State street, at the end of January 2014, to be precise. Surely, this is some bad and sad news. They couldn't survive, as the rent is too high.Sad, sad, sad. Delivering this news isn't fun at all.
5	Grab a cuppa before it's too late!Go. You have until the end of January 2014.
5	People ask me when I became a tea fanatic.The answer is here.The first time I sat down to a cup of tea with some curious friends, I knew next to nothing about tea, and all I had to go on was the good word of my brother that this place was special even to Madison standards.So I ordered, and drank, and then I had to order again, and drink again because my friends and I were enchanted.I kept coming back with the same group of friends, the "tea group" as we had come to be known, and each time we went, the conversations were deeper, the friendships were stronger, and the tea was better than ever. Over time, word of our outings because subject of the curiosity of others, and my group started to expand. I had so many friends who wanted to try this mystical tea place that I had to go in separate groups, taking some one week, and coming back with more the next week. The owners greet me with a smile and a nod each time, and their polite kindness made me feel more at home and welcome than in my dorm high above Madison at times.I never ordered the same tea twice, and I've never been disappointed. I can labor over a pot of tea for hours here as my words and the words of my friends twist together into ideas above our heads, and it's only when we realize we're out of hot water for infusions do we pause. For a fantastic evening experience, the pots of tea here deliver on all accounts, and it's certainly cheaper than getting drinks at a bar. It's cozy and delightful, the atmosphere is unique and addicting, and there's not a better place in Madison to share with friends.Whenever I make a new friend, or an old one comes into town for an evening, the first thing I ask is, "we should grab some tea together," and inevitably, they ask where."I know a place," I say, and leave it at that, not wanting to spoil that unique experience of getting tea at Dobra for the very first time.
