4	I have hosted the National Christian College Fair at Faith Lutheran for the past two years and have really enjoyed working with them.  They are super supportive and truly care about their students.  It's so refreshing to see a school that genuinely cares.
5	great private school in summerlin,
4	No, I don't go to school here, no I do not have kids that do. But I love their theater group and plays they put on! It's very impressive for a high school theater, and the kids are very talented. We've seen three plays here and loved each of them! I recommend going to at least one to see what new talent is there.
5	I go to this school, and have for 5 years now.  This is a wonderful school to learn at and go to.  The people are wonderful, the teachers are enjoyable, and the sports are amazing.  All of the teachers usually add something Christian into their lessons sometimes, but not everyday.  Plus, the drama program is phenomenal!  I would recommend this school over another school in all of Nevada!
4	TLDR: private school, on-campus religious service on Sundays; theatre performancesFaith Lutheran Junior and Senior High School has been expanding since I moved into the area in 2006. Since then, the chapel has been redone and some of the parking. They are currently expanding into the South vacant lot or are trying to get a zone change to do so. I've never attended so this review does not reflect the learning experience/cost. The location slows down traffic in the mornings, but it's okay because of the kids. The roads south and west of the school become impacted during drop-off and pick-up so avoid the area 730-800a and around 2/3 in the afternoon. The school is beautiful aesthetically on the interior and there are never any negative reviews in the media. Their extracurricular clubs are always active and the administration helps out with the parking situation at times, which indicates that someone at least cares. Their plays are worth seeing and can be inexpensive. All-in-all a good experience.
5	Went to their Performing Arts Center to see the schools production of "White Christmas".  Loved it!  The facility was built 10 years ago and is a state of the art performance center.  Everything is dot on from the facility to the staff to the actors to the price ($10 tickets). Not a bad seat in the house. A beautiful HUGE campus.  It was also nice to see security continually patrolling the parking while everyone attended the performance.  We are looking forward to attending future performances from this quality facility and talent pool!
