4	First Review! Yayy!So, I love a good Mellow Mushroom. This is the third location I've been to in Charlotte, and they just opened this uptown location on Monday, I learned. Just like the others in Charlotte, it's fancy schmancy. I can foresee this location being particularly busy, especially during basball and football seasons as it is right between both stadiums and across from the "French Quarter".I was surprised that they weren't busier, but the server/bartender we had told us that this was still considered their "soft opening" week, and there hadn't been much advertising yet. Come Sunday, when the Panthers take on the NO Saints at home, they'll get more business than they are ready for...Anyhow the more important piece of this review- the drink, food, and service:Well, they've got quite a solid selection of taps, but half of the tap line was down due to issues with the refrigeration sysytem, so no OH Death By Hops for me. (Waah) It's okay though- I went with a  Bell's 3rd Coast Barleywine instead. YUM. You don't see this beer around much in these parts. Fair warning, if you order a beer that is over 7.0% ABV (Bell's Two Hearted) be prepared for a smaller pour. I can understand this notion for the 10% beer I was drinking, but for the Foothills Jade IPA (only 7.4%) I drank later, I think a small pour is silly, in my humble beer drinking opinion.The food was just alright on this visit. The bruschetta was lacking in flavor, and the toppings seemed a little scant. I did however like the way they toasted the bread, it was the perfect balance of crunchy and soft. The pizza was alright, but not as amazing as other Mellow Mushroom pizza i'd had before. My friend could not decide which kind she wanted, so we went halfsies and got the Holy Shiitake and Redskin combo. Didn't seem like as many toppings as I'm used to seeing on a Mellow pie, and again, the flavors were lacking.Service was great. We sat at the bar, and were greeted immediately by a friendly Ray and a friendly Taylor. Both were very accomodating, and offered samples to my not-so-beer-savvy comrade. They get two thumbs up. If Yelp offered the half star rating, i'd go 3.5/5. There's room for improvement, but understanding its only the first week of business, I'll come back once they get settled. They're open til 4 am on the weekends, which is crucial after the clubs and bars all close and there's nowhere else to go when you're drunk hungry.
4	Two words here that have changed me forever: Maui Wowie.Pretty sure this is my new favorite thing in life. Pesto base with ham, pineapple, jerk chicken, banana peppers, Applewood smoked bacon. And we're not talking crumbles of bacon. Giant strip pieces. Winner. Do you hear me? WINNER.We also got the House Special (Kind of like Mellow Mushroom's version of a supreme. Loaded with toppings.) and the Muffuletta Cheese Bread (baked olive tapenade with cheesy goodness). Both were pretty tasty. Beers, beers and more beers. There is one to satisfy every person's preference. From the common.... to the not so common.The decor is fun and funky. Very cool bubble machine type piece behind the hostess stand. Plenty of TVs to catch a game. This place will be rocking for Panthers game and when the new baseball stadium opens. Service was great. There was an army of workers here Monday night. I almost asked if they wanted to go play a pick up game somewhere. I assume they were all still training since this location just opened.One issue (as is with basically every place in uptown) is parking. They do not validate any of the parking decks. I recommend trying to find a spot on the street.
5	Great pie!  This is a funky restaurant with a full bar in a great location near the park and stadiums.  The crust and sauce make this place...whether you order one of their unique pies or create your own basic pie, it'll be tasty.  We did a sausage and mushroom - yum!!
3	There may be some bugs in the system still but this location has tons of potential.  I would have ranked it 4 stars but our food was a bit off this day.  Granted, we came on a very odd day and mid day when it wasn't very busy and I think that's problematic sometimes for kitchen and wait staff.We sat at the bar and the bartender was really nice, as a matter of fact, all the staff is super nice and attentive.  It was just the meatballs I had weren't really cooked all the way through to a point where the cheese even melted.  That won't keep me away though.  The beers here are pretty solid as is the case with most MM's.The interior is just as funky as the other locations as well.  The only drawback here is going to be the parking as is most places Uptown.
5	So glad a location is opened in uptown! Great pizza, beer selection, very friendly staff. I have had a number of different pies, and was never disappointed. Start with the house special and go from there!!
4	It's my first time here since they opened this location and I really enjoyed my visit! I got my usual, house special pie, and it was delicious as always. I was seated in a great spot ...I'm not a sports fanatic but I was able to view 4 TVs and I'm sure all of the major games were on display. Overall great, pizza and vibe. I'll be back!
4	Convenient location since I was at a conference around the corner. We were a group of 13 but still got seated and had our orders served pretty quickly. I ordered a house calzone with garlic instead of mushrooms but they left off the garlic, so was a little disappointed. But still a flavorful calzone and some good pizzas on the menu as well so would not hesitate to come back if I'm in this part of town again.
3	This review is based on a take out order. Having had pizza from their other two locations here in Charlotte I was happy to see they opened one in Uptown. Take out order was promptly ready and promised and take out service was quick. Pizza was average and think that if you can, eat in, because the crust is a lot better when it is hot out of the oven fresh. Pizza is pricey, but worth it.
3	I really wish I was writing a "Hooray!" but I'm not. The Uptown location wasn't my first rodeo with the Mushroom and won't be my last.  The Mushroom is usually solid artisan pizza, just not this time.  I started visiting different Mellow Mushrooms about ten years ago.  The Jerk pizza has always been my "go-to."I went to the Uptown location for a business lunch.  Not too bad.  We got seated in less than a minute.  The menu didn't have my favorite, but I'm the type of person that is willing to try many different things.  So I asked our waitress for a recommendation and was led to the Mellowterranean.  A grilled chicken pizza with onions, roasted red peppers, black olives, chives, feta, mozzarella and tzatziki sauce.  Sounds like a homerun eh?Two things to note about this pizza:Gigantic roasted red pepper laid out on the pizza.  This isn't convenient to eat, and the texture and amount just make this strange and unappealing.Second, yes, the tzatziki is pretty tasty, but I found myself using it to cover up the other tastes.  A condiment should compliment, not be needed to cover up the  the rest of the dish.Lastly, the cheese bread appetizer.  Oh how I laughed.  The look on my associate's face was priceless.  To quote, "Is this cheese on hot-dog buns?"  Lol...I almost spit water out my nose when he said that.  To be fair, what we were brought, looked nothing...and I do mean...nothing...like the picture you see on Yelp.  Maybe they were out of bread and went with the old "McGuyver that shit" method...but "hot-dog buns" is being nice about it.So why three stars if the whole experience was less than decent?  Because I know the Mellow Mushroom as a whole.  I know that this is the only experience I've had that was disappointing.  Maybe it was an off day, maybe it was blah blah blah.  Regardless of what it was, I'd go back and expect things to be a much better experience.  Would I recommend or order what I've had?  Not a chance, but I wouldn't exclude them from my list of pizza joints based on one bad experience either.
1	Don't bother. They can't even handle a to go order for a slice and a salad. Stll waiting after 20 minutes.
3	If I were rating the food, location, and beer selection I would put 5 stars..... However, comma, the service brings it down 2 stars. Slow slow forgetful and slow. Ordering a pepperoni calzone with ranch instead of marinara ... Pretty simple. I get marinara sauce. I ask the girl for ranch again. She comes by after I had eaten half of my calzone to fill our drinks; guess what I have to ask for? Great experience with other Mellow Mushrooms and would rate them higher. Food quality rocks, service... Really bad.
4	If I were rating the bar, I would give it a 5.  Attentive friendly bartenders and a nice beer selection.  Oddly, there is only one urinal and one crapper for a rather large restaurant (I think there is a unisex bathroom with a toilet in it too). The food is great but the kitchen speed is erratic. This is a new location and in the first three months it has been open it has really worked out a lot of the kinks.  If they would get rid of that insanely loud screechy karaoke on Fridays I might give them the coveted fifth star.
1	Stopped in before a Knights game and you could tell the staff was clueless. They had several open tables and a line out the door.  They were advising waiting customers they couldn't seat them for at least 20 minutes because they didn't want to overwhelm the kitchen.  I'm sure it will get better when they get some experienced staff but would recommend avoiding for a while until they work the kinks out.
2	Digiorno's saying is that it tastes like delivery.  This places motto should be it tastes like Digiorno.  They had plenty of fancy toppings but the thicker crust doughy pizza if I was blindfolded I would not tell difference between this and DIgiorno.The place is nice and airy and has plenty of good beers on tap.  Kitchen is open late which is nice in uptown where many places close at 10Pm.    I do not know the Pizza places in Charlotte but surprised there are so many locations of this place when you could get the same by going to Harris Teeter getting yourself a frozen pizza and a 6 pack of good beer and eat at home.
1	The service is terrible. My boyfriend and I walked in on a Sunday night when it wasn't busy at all. We sat at our table for 15 minutes before we had to find someone to take our order. We also tried to ask the bartender for help who was extremely rude and brushed us off. He also didn't make a single drink while we were there. We watched our server make our drinks. Very disappointed in how this location is treating their customers.
3	Fun place to have pizza and salad (The greek salad is great).  Not the best place for pizza but a decent place to meet up with friends for a casual meal.
1	Worst. Management. Ever. They got rid of the best bartenders to satisfy a new general manager's whim. Terrible taps that are more than 50 feet from the kegs and always a foamy mess. For a couple months I was the "featured" review at this place and I am no longer willing to give this place my support. Kitchen still oddly erratic.Rehire attentive bartenders lose clueless "managers"
2	I really wish this review could be great because my wife and I love other mellow mushrooms were we have dined and very happy to have one now uptown. However, the Uptown location doesn't quite seem to be ready for prime time business.  Lack of staff but plenty of seating.  Be prepared to wait.  I can say the food was good after waiting 2 hours to get our food.
4	I love pizza. Though it's usually hard to disappoint me, some places do, but I know I can always count on Mellow Mushroom. Starting my love affair in college, I was very excited when they opened this uptown location. Too excited. Ironically, my gym is on the same block so I run by it frequently but do my best to only go around once a month. (There IS such a thing as too much pizza). Anyway, I've always been pleased with the meals I have had at this location. It's usually very timely and cooked perfectly. I love the original plain jane pepperoni but their specialty pies are always on point! The staff is a occasionally on the lackadaisical side but I'm in a place with 'shrooms on the wall sooo....yeah. They also have some great happy hour specials (one Thursday, all NC beers were just $3). The parking situation isn't ideal and once the construction is complete, hopefully this location will be as great as the rest!
4	Other than the blank stare from a not so hospitable hostess when we first got there, the service was great! Our server was very patient with our toddler and the food was delicious. Best appetizer was spinach artichoke dip and the Meat pizza was chock full of many delicious meats. Fantastic craft beer selection
2	Slow service and not consistent with other locations. Overall the restaurant is extremely loud if there is any sort of game on.... I would frequent other uptown places over this.
2	I went here when it first opened. I man in a giant mushroom costume gave me a free pen and lured me in! I had been to the Myers Park MM location for pizza, but it had been a while. I stopped in the Uptown location went during lunch midweek and also straight after work so it was about half full- the average office crowd. I had the chicken wings and pretzels appetizers which were excellent. I tried the gluten free pizza, but it was a disappointment. It wasn't so much as a crust problem, I didn't even really like the cheese either. When you go to a pizza restaurant and like everything but the pizza, you'd think that would be a problem. Well, if you want a pizza it can be. The bar around the back is lively so stop in for a few drinks, order an appetizer, and then head on home.UPDATE: Went back August 2014. I was served this ridiculously burnt pretzel appetizer. Clearly no quality control in the kitchen. I uploaded the photo as proof so check it out! So disappointed now, will never be returning.
2	How can a place with such a great location and good food perform so bad. Last night a group of 4 of us entered around 930. We were sat at a bar table by a hostess. I got up and used the restroom. After my return and an additional 5 minutes of not being spoken to my the many waitstaff wandering around we left. I love their food but this was my last attempt here.
3	Great customer service and very nice atmosphere. The pizza was good but not the best I've tried. Love the view. I would definitely come back and try something else.
2	Good beer selection, food was just ok and wait staff was rather unfriendly. Probably won't be going back.
3	Nothing really special IMO.  They had solid pizza and beers.  The location is killer though - right between BofA Stadium and BB&T Ballpark.  Perfect to grab right before the game or after.  Happy hour gets insanely busy because of baseball and suits.  I would avoid unless you are really craving pizza.  Uninspiring review, but uninspiring place.dmo out
3	Been here multiple times, food is very enjoyable, great selection of beers on tap and in bottle.  However, I went lastnight and asked for a table outside, and the hostess said there was a 45 minute wait.  I went outside and counted 17 open tables.  I went elsewhere.
4	Pizzas are pizzas, right? Nope. Not here. It's better than pizza elsewhere. Well, it's better than most other places. Really. You won't regret it. And of course, if you have tickets to see the Knights take on their guests and it rains... The doors are always open here.
3	Coworker dinner at Mellow Mushroom preceded a work outing to the baseball game & location was perfect.  Our waiter was also *incredibly* efficient & patient w/ our large rowdy group & he alone deserves extra props for our fun eveningDrinkys included Elderflower somethingorother that had bourbon, elderflower & tea - it was pretty okay; cosmos got raves & lots & lots of beers which ranged from tap to bottles & all declared good (even though it was of the Coors & Miller varieties)Started w/ the Pretzels - these were in reality breadsticks that had been shaped into a pretzel shape.  There was no crispy / chewy outside & soft inside.......but giving credit where it's due, the description of these "pretzels" state it's their pizza crust baked up like a pretzel.  Also shared multiple orders of the Bruschetta & they were the hit of the table - loved the fresh tomatoesEntrees included salads & different varieties of their pizzas - being the only veggie in the group has its benefits b/c I got to order a whole pie for myself & that choice was the Shiitake Pizza - supposed to have shiitakes, portabellos & different cheeses, all drizzled in truffle oil.  In reality, there were few mushrooms & I didn't really discern *any* shiitakes & no indication of truffle.....but it was a nice mushroom pizza & I liked the ranch they put all over it - yay for the South & how we like our ranch!Other pizza orders included a standard pepperoni, the Potato Skins Pizza (by far the winner of the table) and the White pizza which had fresh tomatoes & ricottaOverall = decent pizza - maybe a bit too bready & chewy but wouldn't turn it down if the option presented itself
1	Mellow mushroom is terrible.  I have never written a review before but this place is a grotesquely racist establishment and i never want to return to it ever again.  I would give it negative 100 stars if i could.
1	Craving Mellow Mushroom? Me too, sometimes. Next time you are considering getting a Mellow Mushroom pizza head to the Selwyn Location. I've ordered carry out from the Uptown location and it was far less tasty than Selwyn. Last night I tried to dine in and the draft system was down, service was terrible and I left after feeling abandoned by a very disinterested server. Mellow, I love you. Please fix this location.
2	Slow service, the server gave us a dirty high chairs, it has lots of crumbs on it.Didn't try the pizza, I just ordered the Parmesan pretzels , they're pretty good !!We will try the pizza next time.Wish the server was more attentive and please clean the high chairs before and after  each use!
3	Staff was nice, we had outdoor seating. Pizza was ok, but I am a spoiled NYer.  Try the extra cheese pizza.
2	Went here around 3p to watch some NFL games before walking over to the stadium to watch the Steelers vs Panthers. The food was fine, it was the service however was not that great. It took me literally 25 minutes to get an appetizer of cheesy garlic bread. A small pizza took about 35 minutes. When it came to getting any beer refills most of the bartenders did not notice or acknowledge if I wanted anything else. Not much more to tell, but was not thrilled over the service at all.
1	Took my mom to MM for the first time on her birthday. It was 10/5/14 (a sunday after the panthers game). They were busy and we were okay with waiting. However, we waited an hour and fifteen minutes for two pizzas that we ordered. After an hour and fifteen minutes, we only got ONE of our pizzas. After our waiter (who never gave his name) came back and told us that the cooks wouldn't tell him where our pizza was, I asked him to get a manager. The manager came back and said that our pizza had been dropped on the floor and the cooks didn't want to tell anyone and get in trouble so that it would be out in 6-8 minutes. meanwhile, our waiter was going to bring my mom a birthday dessert. After waiting for the second pizza for an additional 20 minutes and half of our party was done eating, I began to start on my pizza. Half way through, I found a disgusting hair in my food. Asked my waiter to speak to the manager AGAIN. It took the manager (who never gave his name either) 10 minutes to come to my table and explain this situation to me. Needless to say, we didn't finish, pay for, or take the meal home. This place is disgusting, the waiters and managers are extremely unprofessional and if you want good service and pizza, visit the Myers Park location. THIS IS NOT WHERE YOU WANT TO GO.
4	Pizza is pretty good, very clean joint on the inside. Staff is friendly and on top of things.
3	We had been hearing all the advertisements for Mellow Mushrooms so we decided to take our out of town family to this location thinking it would be a special treat.  I have to say that we were a bit disappointed.  The pizza crust was overcooked and the pizza was really just so so. The service as fine but not over the top.  I probably won't come back.
1	Nitemare. Never been a huge fan of the franchise but most could execute the basics. Not this one. Rafts of staff wondering around aimlessly, lotsa phone chat and grab ass, poor training. Some folks seemed to care, but most thought they were at Dominos. If all they want to do is takeout they should shutter the dining room and move on.
4	I am a fan of Mellow Mushroom in general. This location has consistently met or exceeded my expectations of a Mellow Mushroom. The atmosphere inside is inviting and funky. The decor is very "mushroomy" if that makes sense. The patio area outside is spacious and offers wonderful views of the adjacent park. I love that they have Abita Root Beer on tap. It is absolutely delicious! My favorite thing to get here is the Buffalo Chicken pizza. I love that they give you blue cheese dressing or ranch to dip your pizza in. It gives it the perfect added taste! I have had subs here for lunch and they are also good. This is a good place to get a pizza. They have a lot of creative options aside from your standard toppings.
3	Went after a panther's game. It was pretty busy so I wasn't surprised service was pretty bad. My only qualm was that my pizza was burnt, which made the crust so chewy it actually made my jaw sore to eat it!  Not what you expect for a $20 medium pizza
4	I was a little worried about eating here based on Yelp reviews, but I was pleasantly surprised by our experience!Our server was very attentive and really helpful. She suggested the pretzels as a starter and they were delicious!I was disappointed that they've done away with their slice specials, but they still had a small pizza with one topping & a drink for $8. I had the spinach salad and it was so good!! I got the small and it was the perfect size. Overall, it was a great experience and I'd definitely come back! Great service and delicious food!
4	Great pizza & an awesome tofu sandwich! I first ate at MM in Atlanta in 1992 and they have continued to improve upon their concept. They are consistent in every location. The Asheville location is as good as the Charlotte downtown location. Great wait staff and management from Matt is as good as it gets!
