5	I think I lived at this Starbucks for the last year that I lived in AZ. I love the outdoor patio and the chairs and couches inside are always comfy. I never got harrassed by the employees about hanging around for like 3 hours or chilling out in the front making lots of noise with friends. There usually isn't a line, because this isn't a busy Starbucks. There's also the random magazine stands right in front of the store which are handy if you feel like reading something, but forgot a book.  The parking lot kinda sucks, but there's like 10 other stores using the same lot. One of my favourite Starbucks.
1	Holy cow!!! The Barista had a big bloody cut on his hand and kept wiping it on his apron, then was handling the cups and making drinks ewwww!!  When I asked him to stop and go wash his hands, his response was I promise I don't have any diseases.  double eww!!
5	I really liked this location!  The coffee is good...the same as any other location but I felt really comfy here. The place wasn't packed but they were busy. People coming and going constantly. I noticed that the people going there were definitely regulars as the staff knew everyone's name that walked in the door. Even though they knew their customers, it never interrupted the flow of traffic in there. The customers waiting never had to stand and wait because the barista was catching up with the regulars.
2	I have frequented this Starbucks location because of its proximity to my home but I wish there was another one close by.  I have had a few times when the wait was extraordinarily long and it didn't appear that busy.  On one occasion, I waited nearly 10 minutes for my 2 drink order for my daughters.  The individual making the drinks had actually spilled another customers drink on the floor and had to start all over with that order.  She did not even attempt to clean up her mess and another helper had to clean it up.  By the time she gave me my drinks she made no attempt at an apology for the extended wait and just simply gave them to me.  A simple "sorry for the wait" goes a long way in the service industry.
1	Worst customer service I have ever received. The employees didn't stop talking to assist us. It was like we were interfering with their free time at work.
3	Even though this Starbucks is located in a strip mall with one of the worst parking lots ever, it's still relatively easy to get in and out. Once you are inside, that may be a different story.The staff is friendly enough, but seem to lack a sense of urgency. There is usually a line every time I go in, but today was the first time I have seen another employee come from the back to help ring people up. I use a gift card on the Starbucks app to pay, but any time I want to use one of the deals they seem to be a little confused. Unaware may be more like it. I'm sure that's the fault of the Starbucks corporation though....communication gets lost, I'm sure.The drinks are fairly consistent, but the cost is not. Not sure if it is lack of training or one employee just trying to "be nice" but depending on who you get will determine if you are charged correctly or get a little break.
1	I waited 10 minutes for my drink. There was 3 people working, yet only one making drinks, while the other 2 chatted with each other behind the register. As I waited, I watched the only guy actually working wipe the sweat off his forehead with the same hand he was using to make drinks and grab the lids from underneath. Disgusting!! My latte tasted horrible and was definitely a waste of $4. Though I rarely visit Starbucks anyway, I will never be back to this location.
