5	Seems to be a debate about whether this place is in Newington / Old Town - which is interesting ... to me it is clearly in the Southside area of Edinburgh which lies between Old Town and Newington! However, as we all know with street changing name changing at least ten times between Princes St end and Cameon Toll end this is a complex one!Leaving my pedantry aside totally agree with the glowing reviews below! So nice to see a cafe trying something just a bit different from the soup, pannini, millionaires shortbread approach. This site has happy vibes as it was where Jon at Kilimanjarro started out; however, the new layout totally works here and loved the very open plan kitchen and seeing the crepes being made. Enjoyed my gruyere, mushroom, spinach and egg crepe - one suggestion ... maybe a small green salad on the side would enhance the savoury crepes as an optional extra.
3	hmmm - ended up here twice today (!): first visit excellent flat white but STALE pan au raisin ... no excuses for serving yesterdays pastries in a 5* joint! 2nd visit slightly weak tea (one bad in a family sized pot!:?) and normandy crepe where I felt the apples were slightly undercooked and not quite sweet enough.this place is good enough that this should not be happening ...
4	Tried Cafe Gourmand out for the first time last week. The coffee was excellent, the banana, maple syrup and cinnamon crepe I had was delicious and they had lots of lovely looking cakes on display. My one personal niggle that prevents them getting 5 stars is the number of items on the menu that involve Nutella, which I really hate.
4	I was meant to be getting the train back to Glasgow around lunch time after working with Jenny L when she mentioned the words 'crepe' and 'gluten free'. Upon hearing those magical words I decided to change my plans to stick around for lunch - crepes are one of my favourite things ever (as well as my patronus, but that is a whole different story which is really far too off topic to include in this review). The place is pretty casual inside with small tables and it can feel a little cramped. It's popular though, so they are trying to fit in as many people as possible. I went for the Italian crepe as anything with Bolognese is a winner in my books. We waited a little while for them to arrive as it looks like they only have two cooking stations and when it arrived I was excited to see the Bolognese on top of the crepe, with the ham and cheese inside the crepe. Ohhh, heaven. It lived up to all expectations and was really delicious. I couldn't eat all mine but I had a large breakfast so I blame the Eggs Benedict. Prices seemed reasonable, staff were friendly and they didn't mind that we hung out for a few hours while we got some more work done. I'd definitely veer back here for crepe good times in the future.
5	The French have a reputation for romance... well, I've been swept off my feet. Precious little macarons? Don't mind if I do, madame! Bacon and egg crepe? If you insist, monsieur. Free wifi? Oh, oui, oui, OUI!I've spent hours in here at a time. It's the kind of place where they don't mind you sticking around for ages, despite the fact that it's reasonably popular. A nice little stand in the corner has flyers for local events and groups. The big glass front means it's always light inside. And they do... (be still, my beating heart) ...white hot chocolate. I cannot express to you sufficiently my love for white hot chocolate.Then there's the crepes and galettes. They are no meagre pancakes, mes amis. They are good-sized folded discs of foodie joy. The Algerienne is like an egg fantasy.As if that weren't enough... They have music playing all day, quietly enough to be background, and whoever is in charge of their playlist deserves a medal for services to my sanity. It's really, really good music. As I said, it's quiet enough to not be intrusive, but my goodness, when they play so many things I like the sound of, it's hard not to put down my cup and prick up my ears. I could sit there like a caffeinated meerkat all day with a playlist like that.Cafe Gourmand, je t'aime.
1	What a disappointment. This place was recommended by friends and Yelpers alike, but I don't have a nice thing to say about it, so perhaps something has changed?I had my usual eggs florentine, my french partner a 'complete' crepe. My poached eggs were cooked to oblivion rather than having the runny yolks they should have, and the hollandaise sauce tasted suspect. The crepe had the texture of cardboard (not made with good butter we think), the cheese was not melted, the eggs were overcooked again.Added to all this, the coffee is awful, watery stuff.The best I can say about this place is it's cheap. But try it at your peril- there are so many nicer places around.
1	I've never really understood this place since it changes business regularly. Right now it sells crepes, crepes and not much else.Service was, sadly, terribly slow. I waited about 20 minutes just to get a coffee. I did order food, but after 30 minutes of waiting I decided to just pay for the coffee and leave as I was on a limited time scale. Disappointing. I would definitely not recommend it even when it's even slightly busy.
4	Oh, sure, sure, it's not without its flaws. It's changed hands and they're not consistent on the service (I was sitting there for about ten minutes before someone toddled over my way, but to fair, I had my laptop open so I didn't really look like I was waiting). Also, I have learned the hard way that their wifi just ain't friendly. Luckily, I can hotspot from my phone with no problems, but others aren't so fortunate, I'm sure.But in a way, I kind of have to give 'em points for bringing me the wrong drink, because I always, always have a "red fruits tea" when I'm in here, and this time, I asked for redbush. The young lady taking my order (and payment at the end) got this bit right. But the staff member responsible for making and bringing my drink brought me, not what I asked for, but the similar-sounding drink that I normally have. Which is pretty cute actually, and not really grounds for feeling upset (especially since they're the same price, I think).The croque madame has undergone a makeover. It used to be simply bread, some ham, great melted cheese, and then the egg. No longer - now it is two entire sandwiches, filled with cheesy white sauce, topped with melty melty cheese, sprinkled with chopped ham, and egged in finery with a fried egg done just right.Side note: they now display their macarons on one of those confusing wizard-hat arrangements. I do not understand the magic wizard's hat of macarons that appears to be so ubiquitous. Why do they not lie flat? Why are they thus inclined to the zenith?Anyway, again I say - that PLAYLIST, dude.
3	Great cup of cafe americano and cappuccino.  Gourmande crepe with Nutella, bananas, strawberries and fresh cream was delicious.  Service was slow and choppy and tables and floor needed a good cleaning.Free WiFi... This place has potential, just needs to work out the kinks and I could see the star rating rising.
