3	Only stopped in for a few drinks . I didn't eat anything . The place was very clean but I felt the bar area was small . The place will packed during sporting events so I am not sure how that is going to work . The patio area was still closed because the furniture has not arrived yet . Worth checking out .
4	Food was pretty good, I got a wrap for lunch but it was a little small. Fries are similar to potato patch fries and the salads are a decent size.
4	After having eaten there a few times, my favorite thing to order is the Buffalo Chicken Salad. Everything else I've ordered is kinda small on the portions, but this salad is definitely enough to keep me satisfied.
4	Rivertown North Shore is the newest north shore eatery, if you want to eat like a Pittsburgher this is the spot, especially if heading to PNC Park or Heinz Field for a game. The menu is extensive appetizers, salads, sandwiches, steaks, chops, seafood and they are now brewing their own beers. One of the sandwiches on the menu is the "Pittsburgh sandwich" can you Yinzers guess what that is? I'm really sick of the cole slaw and French frie sandwiches and the restaurants that feel the need to cash in on the original. Hint to all you imitators, try using seasoned fries on your version of the permanti's original! Back to Rivertown, big sandwiches, huge salads, fun starters like scotch eggs or deep fried stuffed pretzels, amazing! Their pizzas are perfect for two people to share. Their burgers are big and thick with generous toppings. The bacon cheese fries are a heart attack waiting to happen, but take the chance! On the whole Rivertown is your basic Pittsburgh eatery, with French fries on a salad with steak and ranch dressing. Or kielbasa on a pirogi pizza, this is true Pittsburgh food, hearty and sticks to the ribs.
3	Stopped in for some drinks. Looked like your average sports bar, maybe a tad nicer.
4	Before heading to Stage AE Saturday night this was the place to be for a little pregame, pre Snoop cocktail. It was packed upon entering but I managed to land the last seats with the flash of a smile at the gentlemen standing in front of them and a promise to flag down the bartender for refills. The hockey game was on and an excited buzz generated through the room. The doors opened at Stage AE around 7pm but I knew Snoop would not get on stage until later so we had time to chat and have some drinks. The selection on tap was decent and the menu was plentiful. We struck up a conversation with the guys who let us sit and they got me even more excited explaining that Snoop does not disappoint but that he would most definitely show up pretty late. This info gave us more time to relax, and snack on a deep fried pretzel with our Guinness pints. Then they started playing some old Snoop Dogg hits to cement the jovial mood of the crowd. All the appetizers coming out of the kitchen looked tasty.The only incident we had was that our buddies being a little inebriated spilled some vodka soda over my head. It was a trickle of booze and I laughed it off! In true Pittsburghese style the guy in blue plaid apologized profusely and bought us a round. I love Pittsburgh the people are incredibly amiable. Props for not being douches! As we walked over to the concert we left through the back of the building where a huge fire pit was going. I can imagine that in the summer this place will be so much fun! What a great view! Check out my pics. Cheers!
3	I've come here a few times for happy hour. It's okay. Half off appetizers is great and they have a good beer selection, but the food is just mediocre in my humble opinion.
3	I think that "mediocre" may be a smidge too generous to describe a recent visit here. We were seated on the patio, placed our drink orders, received said drinks and some food, and then had to hunt down our waitress to order anything else. There were two servers working the patio, and we saw more of the other person than we did our own waitress. When one of our party asked for a manager, he did adjust our bills, to his credit. The food was fairly average bar fare; I think the appetizers were stronger than the entrees. My coworker enjoys going for drinks and apps, and I could see why.  Their house beers were good, and the list was admirable. I particularly enjoyed the setting along the river- very nice patio where you can watch people who insist on exercising instead of drinking beer on a patio on a summer night. If the dining experience could keep up with the lovely surroundings, they'd have a real hit on their hands.
3	I've been to a lot of the various disappointing restaurants around the North Shore.  This one, didn't by any means blow me over, but it didn't totally disgust me (see Tilted Kilt review).I had been staring at the place for months during my walks around the North Shore or heading to a ball game.  There are windows that open up to the outside were they sit people bar style in the warmer months.  It's pretty cool looking and a really great idea.  I was always intrigued, but never able to stop by.  I'm definitely going to choose this place next summer!  But I digress....We stopped here after a party one night to grab a drink and some snacks.  It's a pretty wide open space to grab a big table for drinks.  Our server came up to us immediately to get us a round of drinks.  The Pumpkin Beer I ordered tasted like Yuengling...a little disappointed, but not the bars fault, just the mysterious brew.  However, the car bomb we ordered tasted delish, so all was forgotten (literally?!).  I didn't eat any food but what was ordered looked like pretty decent bar food.  I was a little put off by the fact that the "bucket" of fish and chips weren't filled completely.  They put a bowl on the bottom and wax paper between to "fill" it all the way.  Pretty cheap if you ask me.  I'm going to go back and get the food....because the atmosphere was decent.  And decent for the North Shore is all we gots right now!
5	What a great place to eat.First off, the enviorment at this place was unreal.  My dad and I came here before going to the Steelers game, and the atmosphere was just excting.  I wanna come here just to watch a game.  While sitting in the stadium I kept thinking back to Rivertowne thinking, "wow i bet everyone in there is enjoying the game and having a blast together."  If you cannot get tickets to go to the game, go here and grab some good food and make some new friends.  With that being said, lets move on to the goodies.The appetizer we got were the Wileys Mushrooms.  I scoped out the menu before coming here, and I knew I was going to order these before I even walked into the front door.  They were excellent.  Cheesy goodness, mixed with some peppers, and of course the delicious mushroom.  Not to mention it was served on a sizzling plate.  It was completely gone within a minute.  My dad and I split some garlic parmesean wings.  Now I gotta say, I have become a garlic parm connoisseur over the past couple years.  I have to admit these bad boys ranked real high on my top list.  They were not flooded in garlic sauce (this could be a turn off for some people depending on the mood you are in), but I was satisfied with the "garlicness."  Moving onto the main course.  I got the Baja stuffed fish.  This thing was some kind of white fish that was jam packed with crab meat.  It was amazing.  From now on, if i am in the mood for fish, I am going here.  I have no clue what kind of "white fish" it was, and I don't care.  It was that good; i promise you.  A little side note was that the veggies that came with it were great too.  I wish I would've gotten the double order that I asked for, but it was no big deal; the place was packed, so you have to expect little mess ups from time to time.My dad got this burger that had a piece of kielbasi on it.  He loved it.  Right when we left he was already talking about trying to recreate it once we got home.   I did try a bite, and I have to admit it was good.Like I said this is not only a great place for food, but also a great place to watch the game or just hang out.  Luckily I have one of these right near my house.  You can bet ill be visiting another Rivertowne before this month is over.
4	Excellent & varied beer selections plus delicious reasonably priced bar food. Their menu offers a large variety of sandwiches for around $7. Friendly waitstaff is also a nice bonus. You can add a stop here on the Northshore before or after a game and not break the bank and enjoy the atmosphere. Just not sure why they have a towel lady looking for a tip in the bathroom. Unexplained mystery.
1	OMG! Our wings showed up PARTIALLY RAW and still feeling frozen in some parts.  We were a large group and ordered several buckets, but, that doesn't excuse the cook overloading the fryers to get them all ready at the same time.  Undercooked chicken....crappy training and controls Rivertowne! In addition to that the other appetizers we ordered (about 12 other plates) just sat under the heat lamps for literally 10-15min while the staff looked at them and tried to decide who was going to start running food out to the table.  What the fish?!?!  Grab a plate and go...hot food hot/cold food cold, please.  Also, not a manager in sight during this poor experience.  I had the stuffed lake fish which was actually pretty good and rich.  However, I did ask the server if it had imitation crab in the stuffing and she said it didn't...guess what it did.  Most others around me had the steak and said it wasn't very good.  Bottom line the food and menu has potential but the staff cooking and serving it is totally lost.  Poor management leads to a poor experience.
3	We had high expectations, as the food at Rivertowne in Verona is great. We tried the beer special, $3 for Anchor Brewing beer that was great. The fish sandwich was excellent but the fries were disappointing. The mushroom burger was very good, too.
5	If you're going to the Northshore you'd be wise to include this in your stops. Love the atmosphere and the food and beer are terrific. Have had nothing but superb service, friendly wait staff, outstanding beer selection including some of their own Rivertowne brews (which are awesome). The food is, as you'd expect, of the bar food genre but with a twist. First of all it's cheap, Secondly there are some novel and interesting selections. Jambalaya submarine (highly recommended!), chicken florentine sub, the Pacino with grilled pepperoni, salami and cappicola to name a few. Be warned - a "full" sub will make your belly burst. Half is plenty -even for us big eaters.Third, everything I've ever had there is delicious!The only downside is parking - tough to set this as a primary destination and try to find parking. But worth it once you do.I've been to the Rivertowne locations in Verona, Monroeville, and Northshore. No comparison. Northshore is FAR better. Recommended!!!
4	nice a lot of tvs to watch hockey game. Service dog friendly. They asked if we needed a water bowl for my service dog. Thank you but against the rules.
3	Food is OK; beer selection is good.  I was surprised not to see your typical Budweiser/Coors/Yuengling selection, but rather a few of Rivertowne's lighter brews and a wide selection of heavier craft beers.On Wednesdays any Rivertowne beer s $3, boneless wings are 50 cents, and jumbo wings are 75 cents.  (I think this is from 7-10pm.)  They have other daily specials as well, but we were here on a Wednesday.  We tried mild, fire, and cajun bourbon flavors--my advice would be to stick to the classic buffalo/hot sauces.  My husband and I watched the whole first Pens playoff game here (we sure picked a good time to move and therefore be out cable for a week, eh?) and our waitress was the perfect balance of attentive and laid back. She let us hang out and watch the game, but also made sure we had everything we needed.Overall, I would recommend this place if you're at the North Shore already, but maybe not if you have to go very far to get here--it's a typical pub scene and parking can be a bit of a pain.
4	Great location and great sandwiches.  Had lunch here one afternoon and really enjoyed the chicken florentine sub sandwich.  If the rest of the sandwiches are as good as this one and so reasonably priced then this place is a winner.The location is between the stadiums and on the river, almost directly across form the amphitheater.  I was jogging in the evening along the river and the place was packed.  There was plenty of activity around since there was a home game for the Pirates and a concert going on at the amphitheater.  I was tempted to get cleaned up and go back but left it at being very satisfied with my lunch.
3	Stopped for dinner before we headed over to the Pirates game. When we arrived we were told it was a 30 minute wait but it ended up being just 10. Pretty extensive menu but my menu was stained and sticky, and that's a real turn-off for me, losing a star. She ordered a grilled chicken salad, I opted for the cheeseburger. She asked for coffee to drink. The server explained there was no coffee made as few people order it. I got a vibe that he was hoping she would order something else, but then he said he would brew some but it would take about 10 minutes. No problem. The coffee arrived but she had to ask for a spoon to stir it with. Then he brought a spoon but it was dirty, so he had to get another one.  I got their IPA draft but it came in a thin, flimsy clear plastic cup. It was so thin that you had to be careful picking it up so you didn't accidentally squeeze it and launch the beer over the rim.  Am I at a college mixer or a sit-down restaurant? Lost a star for that.My cheeseburger was very good - a nice char on the outside, cooked med-well as I requested and a good beefy taste. The bun was sturdy and stayed intact to the end. My burger came with homemade chips which were on the thick side and crisp - and a large serving as well. She liked her grilled chicken salad which had a nice blend of greens and the dressing was made in-house.The food arrived in a reasonable period of time, server was friendly, food arrived exactly as we ordered. Prices about what you would expect given the location - our tab was $26 with tax.Funny how you can have an acceptable experience overall but that one disappointing thing (that crappy cup) is what really sticks in your mind. Even so I would visit again.
2	This is a great spot for watching a game on one of plentiful TV's. Predominantly young & loud patrons on the Saturday night we were there. Not that there's anything wrong with that, mind you. Several 20-somethings were dancing near the bar and were clearly traaaaashed but the bartenders kept serving them. Kind of a South Side vibe in that respect.Food sampled included nachos (aka big heaping pile of multi-colored chips w/ very little cheese or other fixins under the top layer), asian shrimp wrap w/ few shrimp, and a cheeseburger w/ cole slaw on the side that wasn't bad but not great either.Ordered the Rivertowne Pumpkin Ale w cinnamon dusting on the rim and it was really a great tasting beer!! Super delish!!Our waiter was attentive and super nice but kept forgetting things like waters we ordered three times and small plates for nachos. Bathroom was mostly clean & well stocked.  Nothing amiss there.Probably would go back but only for a drink. Good proximity to Heinz Field & PNC Park.
1	We should have taken the hint when at 9pm on a Saturday the place was empty. Our appetizer of scotch eggs was completely burnt to the point it was hard to cut. My entree was the steak which was such a poor cut of meat that it was inedible. I asked for a side of spinach and was given a dish of chopped frozen spinach. When we got the bill, we were changed for a beer the waitress never brought and that I went to the bar and got myself. It's obvious there are management and quality issues at this location and there is a reason why they are slow. It's such a great location and decor so it's a shame.
3	Aside from my too-salty burger, I liked the food. The Scotch Eggs were very good as was the chocolate stout bread pudding Darren and I shared. The service was a little off though and the music was WAY TOO LOUD! We could barely hear our server or talk to each other and my ears were hurting!
4	This place is really good. On the North Shore & North Huntingdon....both are great! The wings are very good, as is everything else there. They got their own microbrew beers, which is a nice plus.50 cent boneless wings on Wednesday.  The atmosphere is great, especially on the North Shore, right between PNC Park & Heinz Field.Go Steelers, Go Pens, Go Pirates!
3	I stopped here with seven coworkers prior to the Pirate game for drinks and dinner. This was my first time at Rivertowne. The food was really good. We had cheese squares, scotch eggs (hard boiled eggs wrapped in sausage and deep fried), pretzels, Stromboli, wings, fish sandwich, and salmon blt.  I can't stress enough that the scotch eggs are off the hook. I would solely go back for the scotch eggs. However there is a downside. Our service was lacking to say the least. It took too long to get drinks and a second round of drinks just didn't happen. For a bar restaurant, this is not acceptable.
2	Well I came here after a Pirate's game since its just down the block from the stadium. I was not impressed at all. The staff basically walked around like zombies. My water had some gross soapy stain on it, at least that is what I hope it was. My food lacked any care in it being made. I just didn't feel as though we were really wanted there. I wish I just sat at the bar, since the bartender seemed to have more life to him than his server counterparts. Maybe next time I'll go before the game with there might be more life in the staff.
3	Take me out to the ballgame.  Take me out to the crowd... BUT I don't want peanuts or cracker jacks.  I also WON't bay $8 for a cheap beer.  Instead, I go to Rivertowne.If you're looking for grab a beer or a quick bite before a Pirates game, Rivertowne is a great stop.  With an extensive tap list, including their own brews, your cup should never be empty.  They have a HUGE nachos appetizer, juicy burgers, even pizzas to fill your tummy.  Don't have tickets to the game?  No worries!  There are plenty of TVs so you can catch every pitch.So skip the long lines, pricey beers, and cold food and head over to Rivertowne.
4	While I won't say Rivertowne is "great", I'm writing this review with the other stadium stand-by's in mind.With one of the better beer selections available (including beer from their commercial brewery in Export), Rivertowne also has some decent sandwiches and actually a couple pretty solid pizzas.  The atmosphere is bearable before/during/after games (which is a rarity in that area), and like a lot of the other restaurants, it's got some outside seating with access to watch games and enjoy some sun.I'll continue to stray here versus other options on a consistent basis, and I still want to go for one of their happy hours (discounted bar food and 1/2 priced drafts!).
1	Blah. Ok, some things on the menu, like whatever the salad is that has the blue crab in it, are stellar. Some things are downright disgusting, like for example, the calamari. Who the hell covers something fried in sauce? COVERS. Like, you can't see it. Whatever. Nothing about this place is off the charts for me, and as delicious as that crabby salad was, it's not enough to bring me back. We went there with some friends from out of town late because, well, they are open late. It was 2 hours before the kitchen closed and we inquired about desserts. The waitress said "um I think there might be some cake or something but probably not. Do you want me to check?" She returned promptly and dropped the bill on our table and said "and if you guys could take care of that soon, because my shift is over, I'd appreciate it." WOW. My BFF said "so no cake, then?" and the waitress says "oh, sorry I forgot, it IS the end of my night, you know."  (Yeah, I do know, you've told me twice.) Probably like she forgot our drinks. And to refill the drinks another less than enthusiastic employee brought us after nicely reminding us "this isn't my table." Sorry, I'd just like a drink to go with my entree, since I didn't get one with my appetizer. And no, they weren't busy. I work for tips. This is unacceptable.  You get what you deserve sometimes, and she got nothing. No thanks.
3	Stopped in with a friend of mine before a Pirates game last week.Very good chicken wings and a robust selection of beers on tap.  Chili nachos were just OK.  Friendly service and great location near PNC Park.  While not outstanding, still a very solid choice for pregame apps and drinks.
2	I've been there many times for drinks and the beer and bar atmosphere is decent.  However the food & service stinks.  I took my family there for lunch recently and it was a horrible experience.  The waitress was extremely slow.  It took 25 minutes just to order food and we rarely saw her.  She also brought out our drinks with her hand on the top of the glass.When the food came out, they forgot my daughters order and the salmon in the salad was raw.  It took another 20 minutes to get a new salad.The burger was good but rest of the food was poor.  Its a shame because its such a great location.
4	The beer and service was exceptional.  The food was decent, great happy hour prices- I wouldn't come here for the food alone based on what I had. The service was really great! I'll definitely be coming back
4	A good place to go to before a concert or sporting event. Food is good but I particularly like the beer selection. The Rudolph Red is a seasonal beer (a spiced red ale). Easily one of my favorite beers.
4	I've been to Rivertowne twice now and had good experiences both times (other than getting a flat tire beforehand).  It's a fun place to hang out especially during sporting events.  I was here during a Bucco playoff game and it was UNREAL.  I've never had more fun watching a game in a restaurant with one exception.  They did the wave IN the restaurant.  #BanTheWaveThe first time we ordered the buffalo chicken pizza which was really solid and something I would order again.  They have a number of specialty pizzas on their menu that I would like to try.  I tried the western burger when I returned and thought it was pretty good.  The fries were so-so.Onto the drinks.  They have a good beer selection with many different options from not only their own brewery but also many others crafts on tap.  I've had the RT Lager and Old Wylie's IPA.  Both are solid but not great beers.I saw a few other posts mention poor service but I didn't experience this in either of my visits.  The staff was very friendly.  If you're looking for a place to eat and grab a beer before a concert at Stage AE or game at Heinz or PNC, look no further.  It's a great place to hang out during the game as well.
5	My wife and I had Pirate tickets and the day off from work. We explored the river walk along the North Shore and wanted to eat early before the game. We decided to try Rivertowne. Went in just in time for happy hour and tried the IPA (excellent). It was in a plastic cup...so what! It was 1/2 off. We split a dozen wings and fries (amazing)! Whole wings not the ding and crispy (the way a great wing is deep fried). The fries were hand cut, delicious and a very nice portion to split. The atmosphere was great. Glad we got there early because the place got packed and on a big wait around 5pm. The server was excellent. She was very knowledgable of the food menu and beer selection. She was busy but made time for us. Plenty of televisions with sports on all channels, music was rocking on the jukebox and everyone seemed to be having fun. Overall the food was a 10, service was a 10+. I can't wait for baseball season in 2014. This is a great hidden jewel in Pittsburgh and we will do it again this spring.
4	I've been here a few times before concerts at Stage AE.  It's a nice little seafood place...but definitely more bar food style than anything.  They have a few lighter options, but I have a weak spot for fried fish...and they have plenty of options if that's what you're in the mood for.  I went last night and had one if the pub pretzels with their beer cheese as an appetizer, which was amazing (seriously, you must try one if you go).  For my meal, I had the coconut shrimp...also amazing.  I was really impressed that they used tiger prawns (I verified this with our server as they were so massive, I had first thought they were gulf shrimp).  I also loved the sweet dipping sauce.  My friend also said her meal (citrus glazed mahi mahi) was delicious.  The service was great, as well.  I would definitely go back when I'm in the area for another concert (it's also right next to PNC Park).
1	Horrible service and overpriced drinks as well as crappy food!! Won't be coming here again! Beware they'd rather put crap on their tvs than the pittsburgh pirates game even after we requested to watch baseball game! Don't waste your time go to Jerome Bettis!
4	I would normally give this place 3 stars... it's a "bro" crowd, which is definitely not my scene.  But they have a great menu, are relatively inexpensive, and the whole menu is available Late.  An odd mix of Pittsburgh, Brit-esque pub, and experimental bar-food, the menu actually works!  I got the Pittsburgh sandwich which was impressive due to the huge amount of real turkey on the sandwich!  Yeah Real turkey!  Also tried the homemade chips with honey and bacon... surprisingly simple and tasty. There are tons of craft beers available, thought I'd love to see a banoffee (especially considering some of the more British menu items like Scotch Eggs and Fish and Chips). Course, I understand that you can't cater to everyone.  I'm sure I'll be back on future excursions to the North Shore.
2	This was my first time at Rivertowne and I must say, I was not impressed.  The floors were slippery and the the menus were sticky.  Not exactly great adjectives to describe a place I was about to eat at. I got the Asian shrimp wrap which was okay, but nothing I couldn't have made myself. My boyfriend got a cheeseburger that wasn't juicy at all and was served on a "toasted" (pretty sure it was just dried out) bun.  I suggest only going for the beer if you go at all.
4	Biked to Rivertowne with a friend for a beer and some appetizers. It was a nice day and the Buccos were playing. Overall the service was average, but the pub pretzels were great (fyi, they are fried). We also had the fried zucchini which were good. Good atmosphere, decent food, check it out when you can.
5	Delicious chicken salad! Good atmosphere!
2	The hubby and I stopped by Rivertowne for dinner just a couple weeks ago before a concert. I had previously had a drink or two here in the past but had not ever sat down and eaten dinner. Service was underwhelming. It took our waitress some time to greet us initially and to take our order. At one point, we were ready to order our entrees, but she left our table so quickly that we didn't have time to tell her that we were ready. Also, for being a restaurant with a number of alcoholic beverages, our waitress knew very little about what Rivertowne offers. Though a nice girl, I think Rivertowne could invest more time and training in their employees.I started with a beer and almost made a face when my beverage was brought to me in a tiny plastic cup. I get that Rivertowne is heavily trafficked from Heinz Field, PNC Park, and Stage AE attendees but that doesn't mean you should be able to both serve beer in a throwaway cup and charge full price.Finally, the food... meh. I ordered fried fish with potato wedge fries. The fish was OK, but the flavorless wedges required ketchup to be consumed. Plus, I was a little turned off by the dish initially when the man delivering the food stated, "Here is your catfish." My catfish?! I definitely didn't order catfish. I questioned him about it, and he just seemed confused.In the future, I would prefer to walk a couple miles to downtown and pay less money for more and better food. I don't plan on returning.
3	I've stopped in multiple times when going to events on the north shore and this is the most consistent experience of the restaurant options to choose from in that area. Most recently I had the salmon blt  and was really surprised at how good it tasted. The sandwiches do not come with sides however the portion of the sandwich was large enough no sides were necessary. Served on Italian with lettuce, tomato, and a dill mayo (which I ordered on the side) the portion of salmon was larger than other salmon sandwiches I've had elsewhere and it was cooked perfectly - not dry at all. Of course bacon makes nearly everything better and I was happy it was crisp how I like it. The dill mayo gave a nice sauce for the salmon. Service was very attentive although we were the servers only table so no surprise there. My companion enjoyed the California burger ( no onions) with a spicy sriacha sauce which he said was very good. I'd also recommend any of the pizzas (Mon River Extreme is my favorite) as they have always been good. If you enjoy beer I'd also recommend trying the hala kahiki Rivertowne branded pineapple beer and Old Wylie's IPA is also a good one. They have a lot of other craft beers on tap too if none of the Rivertowne branded beers are appealing.
2	Well i have been here 3 times in the past month. So i got a feel of what the place is like. So the first  time i was there it was packed before a show on Stage AE beers cheap during happy hour.. So we just got beers and drank them outside on the patio. The next night we had another show to go see at Stage AE. Went with other people and got a seat at the bar section. Our waitress Kristen was horrible. You couldnt here her it was like she was in outer space when you talked to her.So we got some apps and beers and left very disapointed. So just last friday i took my mom to the pirate game and thought i would give it one more shot. Bad idea, it was packed but again i was able to find a booth. I got my order right away because i knew happy hour was ending. My mom took about five minutes she came back and took her order. 35 minutes later we still did have her sandwich. I had never cancelled an order and i do not fault the waitress as she checked on it 15-20 min in. But we told her we have to get to the game and got my check and left. I feel that the staff needs more motivation. they seems like wailking zombies and not much interaction.
4	I wasn't expecting much.  Outside of [the best damn] pineapple beer you'll ever taste, what more could Rivertowne offer? OH. It turns out they offer one of the best SALADS in Pittsburgh. WHAT?!  We visited Rivertowne to pre-game before the big soccer game at Heinz Field.  What better way to celebrate futbol than with a bunch of hooligans drinking outside?  I was starving so we lapped up our share of $3 cans while waiting an hour for a table.  The host staff wasn't the most delightful, but it was slammed, so I didn't care.  After we were seated I [bravely] chose the grilled buffalo chicken salad.  I thought it would be mediocre but hey, #weddingwaistline.  What I received was a feast of epic salad proportions.  It was HUGE and that's saying a lot coming from me, a well-known bottomless salad eater.  First, having the choice of grilled chicken on something like a buffalo salad is rare and much welcomed.  I love the spice of buffalo but not the fried part that usually comes with it. So yay Rivertowne for this great option.  And to have it nestled on a bed of nice fresh greens complemented by a light sesame dressing was just thrilling.  Can't wait to go back and sample the rest of their surprisingly awesome menu!
2	I went on a wing night (Wednesdays). They have the best jumbo wings! The sauces could be better though. However, the staff are terrible. All of them stood around on their cell phones and looked uninterested in servicing customers, and there weren't many of us here. Kylee was our server and we only saw her twice. Once to take our order and then to drop the check. A cook actually brought us our food!!! I observed her on her cell phone, and beer sampling sitting on the back bar top (health code violation btw) the rest of the time. No visible manager in sight. If you want to try the wings I would recommend going to a different location, I usually go to the one in Verona, service is much better there.
4	I feel like in the last year - I have had drinks and eats here more then anywhere else in the city.  I really want to give this place 5 stars but there are definitely some areas that need improvement.  What doesn't need improvement - at least in my opinion - is the food and drink.  The food is bar food but it is well-priced and there is a good amount of diversity on the menu.  I typically order the baked italian sub, the buffalo chicken wrap, and the turkey bacon wedgie (that's right wedgie). The Pizzas also look great but I have never had one.  The draft list is always diverse and I have tried some great new brews here.  This is a great place to watch any type of sporting event and they have a pretty decent happy hour as well - although sometimes you have to remind the servers what the specials are.  This brings me to what prevents me from giving this place 5 stars - the service and the atmosphere.  First the service - I have had great experiences with the service and also experiences that are sub-par.  First - the waitresses are usually very nice but they neglect to write things down and food will come out incorrectly.  I am not one to send things back but this has happened more than once.  Also they are always willing to split up checks - which is very much appreciated but they seldom split them up correctly (because they don't write anything down).  The ladies at the host stand are sometimes miserable but almost always don't know what you are talking about when you let them know that you already checked-in with NoWait.  Finally, Rivertowne brings in the most annoying DJ  that plays awful music on Pirates Game Days.  This is completely not necessary - especially since there is a digital jukebox here.  Rather then be something that its not with the DJ - I just wish Rivertowne would play on its strengths and be a cool and funky sports bar with good food and drinks.Despite its shortcomings - unless something better opens up in the Northside I will likely keep coming back.
1	Slowest service ever.  Waited an hour for my seat for a party of 5, was told it would take 20 minutes.  Saw multiple employees take multiple cigarette breaks during this timeframe,  including who I found later to be the manager. When I asked how much longer, we were told theu weren't sure, that they had a lot of dirty tables.Never ate,  Never got a drink, never coming back.
2	We were already down on the North Shore and it was 90 minutes before the Pirates game, so we decided to grab some dinner. As on our previous visit, we were told 30-35 minutes wait but just 15 minutes later we received the text that our table was ready. The server got our drink order promptly after we were seated but it took about 10 minutes for her to bring them. She ordered a lettuce chicken wrap, I opted for fish and chips, substituting cole slaw for the fries.  She said her wrap was quite unimpressive, and my fish - although a nice size serving, was just lousy. Soggy throughout as if it had been soaking in water. The coating was soggy, the inside was soggy, and it had very little taste. It was bad, and I'm not that picky. Cole slaw was not bad, but a very small portion.Beer menu was extensive but overly weighted to high alcohol content beers. Service was fine, ambiance was loud, menus were sticky and stained (man, I hate that).This was our second visit and I think next time we'll try someplace else on the North Shore.
2	Nikia G was slow as heck and rude!  Took forever to get drinks, and when she brought them out, it was with attitude.  Food was good.  However, with it being almost empty when we went, there should have been better service.  Maybe even a "thank you for coming" instead of just throwing the check down for me to pay.
4	Nice fall Saturday and I brought my dog to the north shore for a walk. We were able to sit outside at Rivertowne - me with a beer and a tasty mahi mahi wrap - my dog with a water and a plain piece of grilled chicken. The service was great and accommodating, the food and prices reasonable, and the view of downtown amazing. Will be back.
2	Drink specials are great, however if they paid a bit more attention to the "during the game" crowd and not the "pregame" crowd entirely it may be workable, the bathrooms are disgusting, there is so much dust in the bathroom it is even on the WALLS! Not even sure how that happens, the pretzel was a combo of pretzel/funnel cake/donut over fried, over cooked, couldn't even entertain ordering any sort of food based on first impressions. All that's said service was good and bloodies were decent
4	They brew their own beer here and its great. Typical American bar food but they do it well. Its nice to have a place in this area that is open late. The bar tenders are on top of it and very nice.
4	I've been going here for more than a year . Their buffalo chicken dip was great, then it was really bad, and now, its amazing! (No lie, it's way better than it ever was.) The beer is still so so but I recommend this location. It's better than most neighboring bars.
2	Just had lunch with my husband here, and was severely underwhelmed. It was Monday afternoon, no games or anything going on. Service was ok; she wasn't rude but you could tell she'd rather be somewhere else. We got the beer/cheese dip as an appetizer. It tasted like nacho cheese. The bread it came with was good, but the cheese was practically inedible. We got burgers because they were on special, $5. For $5 it's a good deal, but for their normal price of $8.99, not a chance. It was a dry burger with some bleu cheese on it - that was it. Nothing exciting. The fries were good.Now, it's our fault that we didn't complain because we're just not that type of people. But we won't be back.
3	I had been frequenting another North Shore location for years but I thought I would give Rivertowne a try and it was good. I had the baked Italian sub and it was tasty, cold beer, intimate space, nice views, plenty of TV's, all good. The service could be faster and more personable and cleanliness could be better but all-in-all a pleasant experience and I will be back.
