4	I am Yelping this place out of the sheer fact that the Vegas community needs some help as far as finding good services (which I'm sure there are, just not any reviewed so far on Yelp).So our situation was that our supply of clean clothes were running out and we definitely needed to do a load of laundry. What's a beleaguered tourist/visitor to do? Pay outrageous laundry prices to the hotel we're staying at to do our laundry? NO. Find a laundromat to take our laundry to and wait 2-3 hours? NO. What we stumbled upon was a pretty good compromise . . . a "Wash & Fold" service. Basically what "Wash & Fold" service is you take your dirty clothes somewhere, drop them off, and they clean and fold them for you. It's like the perfect middle ground. So what does any good Yelper do when he or she needs to find a reliable place, we go to the community.I did a search on Yelp but nothing really turned up, just stuff for dry cleaning and laundromats. No mention at all of "Wash & Fold." So we had to do a little online research as to where we could go for a good "Wash & Fold" service . . . which is how we came upon Wizard of Suds.Located off the Strip, just past the Palms and next to a kart racing course, you can easily miss Wizard of Suds. It's actually a laundromat combined with a convenience store as you walk into one side, start your laundry, then walk to the other side and buy a drink, snacks, or magazine. From outside, and even inside, it looks a little ghetto and shabby. However, what they lack in looks, they make up in service.Since it was the late afternoon, the "Wash & Fold" service section was closed, however there was a note on the door indicating if we wanted "Fluff and Fold" service to go to the convenience store register. Apparently the "Wash & Fold" area is staffed with 3-4 people during the day, but only one at night. Hence, more clothes get done during the day than at night. So the guy told us that they could take our clothes but that they wouldn't be ready till lunchtime the next day.We were fine with this as we figured it was going to be next day service anyway. So we gave them our clothes and our contact info and information and they told us to come back the next day. How it works is that they charge you a per pound rate with a 10 lbs minimum. Sure enough when we returned the next day they had our clothes for us washed and folded. Total cost around $16. I'm not exactly sure how much clothes we had, but it was approximately 1.5 loads of clothing. Nothing went wrong with our load, but that's not to say that things can't go wrong. When we returned to our hotel we checked our clothes and actually found that we had more clothes than what we dropped off. Apparently another t-shirt got mixed into our batch of clothes so someone in Vegas is missing their shirt. Whether it was a load mix up or perhaps just fell off another pile is hard to say, but I would recommend that you don't take in any vital articles of clothing if you elect to do this.Overall though, I thought it was a great service, fast, pretty reliable, and fairly priced. Don't be deterred by the look of the store though.
1	WTF!!  WTF!!  WTF!!1st off this place was downright filthy & I should've walked right back out but I had just done that at the last place that was blaring Mariachi Flea Market music through the loud speakers making my ears wanna bleed.I reluctantly threw my clothes in the GIANT superwash machine at $7 a pop-3 washers I had to use.It then took me 8 dryers at $1 a pop and then 4 dryers didn't work so the mgmt gave me some BS about the gas NOT working on some off them.He only repayed me $2 and the dryers all took $2 each after it was said & done.After getting home and ironing a few shirts I noticed some of the clothes has a dirty water smell even after being washed,fabric softner & a dryer sheet.So now I've got my home set hooked back up and I can do my laundy all over again since none of it got clean at this laundymat.STAY AWAY this place is filthy nasty & will just rip you off. Got me for $30 & I couldn't even use the bathroom here for  hours because it was $*&^*%
3	I visit this laundromat several times during a trip to Vegas. It is not the best one, but it is convenient for my needs. There is a nicer laundromat at Maryland Parkway and Tropicana, but it is more expensive and not as easy to get to as this one. The washers are efficient, the dryers less so, but I usually dry my stuff on medium to reduce shrinking. A large wash is $3, and the dryers are 28 mins/$1 we could go with a service wash, but I prefer to use my own washing powder and am rarely in the place for longer than an hour. They have two TV's and you can ask them to change the channel to suit you if it's not busy.They have WiFi, but I have not been able to get it to work on my netbook.
3	I use this laundromat anytime we are working in the area.  Have never been here when it's crowded, but can say that they have plenty of machines, 95% of them all working, and none of them have done a bad job for me.Prices seem to be about average to any other place I've washed my clothes at in any other state.
1	Broken machines, super shady and a complete waste of time. Don't go here
2	The only good parts are that the bathroom has hot water and you get a free drink when you get a roll of quarters. Unfortunately you need a code to get in and it has no soap, toilet paper or towel/dryer and it's painted black. It isn't that dirty except for the bathroom sink. It's more expensive than the others I've been to in the area. They have 3 TVs all showing the same thing and won't change one even if no one is watching any of them.
4	This is attached to Aunty Mays. We've used this laundromat a few times for the fluff and fold. It's handy and cheaper than laundry at the hotels.  somehow we ended up with a few undies and shirts that weren't ours. Not to mention I had all my bras in a wash bag and and wound up with 2 bras that were a size too big but still from Victoria's Secret in my wash bag.... 18pounds worth of laundry was $26ish.
