3	Stopped here for lunch with the Bf. He's been wanting me to try this place since he tried it a few weeks back.I got the chicken tenderloin plate which came with a pita, saffron rice, a bit of spinach/greens, and raw onions with some spices on it. The chicken tenderloin was tender and juicy and very tasty. It had an yellowish tint and a hint of spices which made me think that it had some curry powder on it. The saffron rice was ok. I didn't think it had much flavor.. I really wanted to like it more. (i go apeshit over Yanni's rice pilaf) The pita was nice and crisp. Their tzaziki sauce was very nice and refreshing as well. I also got the dolmeh which I wasn't too crazy about. Although the olive oil was really really fruity and delicious.. there was just waaaay too much for my liking. The Bf liked using the excess to dip his pita bread in.The space is spacious and clean. Service is ok. Not the friendliest I've encountered but ah, after you order and get your food.. it doesn't really matter. They are on the slower side which I don't mind since the food came out hot and fresh. Their prices range from $8.99 and up.Overall, not too high up on my list to visit frequently.. but I would return.
3	I stopped in today with my girlfriend and my mom for a quick bite to eat, and was actually pleasently surprised.All three of us ordered the $9.99 Kubideh special, which offered a choice of two meats (Beef, Chicken, or Lamb) along with a small helping of spinach, greens, and onions as well as a good amount of saffron rice and a large piece of Taftoon bread. We all chose the combo of Chicken and Lamb, and were surprised at how large the portion was in comparison to the pictures on the menu. My girlfriend and I could have easily split one plate and been perfectly full.The taste of the food itself was pretty good as well. The Lamb had a nice bold flavor, and the Chicken tasted as though it had some sort of curry powder on it. The Taftoon bread was pretty tasty, though a little dry. I wasn't too crazy on the rice though, which was nice in its texture, but lacked the taste I was hoping for. I must say, that despite being pretty tasty, most of the meat smelled fairly rank. I'm a big fan of Mediterranean and Middle Eastern cusine, but the aroma coming off of this meet smelled of pure flatulence. A small price to pay for tasty food.One of the highlights of this place though was the wonderful service. The workers were extremely helpful, and even brought us a free order of their Baklava and Zulbia desserts, which were also both pretty tasty.Overall, this place is definently worth checking out. Just remember when ordering that the $9.99 special is definently food enough for two people, so if you're ordering for one opt for the cheap meals that give you just one Kubideh.
4	I'm a little paranoid writing this review because 1) I'm no expert on Persian food and 2) three of the other four reviews are not great.  Am I that far off??I thought it was great!$10 for juicy, succulent chicken tenderloin, beautiful tri-color saffron rice, pita bread, mixed green salad, and some onion salad thing.  A bit expensive for lunch, but DELICIOUS!  It did take about 15 minutes to prep my order (and nobody has that kind of time at lunch), but overall, worth it.Clean, bright environment with marble flooring, charming little chandeliers, and an attempt at rustic painting on the wall.I'll be back.
4	Being Greek and having a Persian background from family I tried to keep expectations in check when I found this place. (Even though I was pretty excited when I saw that this little shopping center in my neighborhood was finally getting some culture-including the Palm Mediterranean market and the Pho place)Either way, it really went beyond my expectations and I was impressed.Prices are reasonable, esp since you get a nice sized piece of bread, salad, rice and some veggies.I had the lamb kubideh w/ dolmas and the lamb tenderloin (on separate occasions).Both were good, but I REALLY enjoyed the ground lamb, it was more juicy and flavorful. I was also fairly impressed with the dolmas-and that's comparing it to my Yia Yia's (greek for grandmother). I'm really happy that I've found a neighborhood place to get a tasty fix of middle eastern food that is also reasonable, clean and healthy.If I didn't spend most of my lunch funds around UNLV so much I'd be regular!
4	I've been here a couple more times since my first visit and I've grown to really like this place. I normally get the same chicken tenderloin kabob plate. The other time, I got the bbq chicken and this last time I got the Beef tenderloin. Both have good flavors. I love dolmas so I get those everytime -- for $1.99 you can't go wrong! Since the first time, they have definitely eased up on the olive oil which I thought was delicious but had waaaay too much of it. I enjoy them much more now.. We also got the side salad which was terrible.. the cucumbers were all grey and it didn't look or taste fresh at all.. what do you expect for a $1.99 side salad, I guess. Their hummus is delish and is topped with paprika and black olives.I find myself wanting to eat here more often than I thought I would..
3	The kabobs are quite tasty.  Rice is totally bland.  Overall pretty good.  But the customer service was horrible!  Half the staff were talking on their cell phones right behind the counter in plain site of everyone.  Took awhile for one of them to drop their phone conversation to actually take our order.  No apology, not even a greeting, they just walked to the register and looked at me.
5	I eat hear quite often and love it. The kabobs are great, and if you like baklava then dont pass theirs up. The service is good, and I have not found one thing on their menu I dont enjoy. The price is also great, and they cook their bread fresh! Last, the portions are large and I have split my meals before with no problem. If you enjoy Persian food, come here. If you dont, try it anyway!
4	Great for the Health Conscious!If you can tell from my other reviews, an occasional healthy meal is needed in my diet. On this particular day I was definitely looking for a healthy alternative to my normal grub fest. Decided that Flame Kabob would probably do. Do they did. Although my order was very limited in variety, Shirazi Salad (Cucumber, Tomato, onion and parsley in lemon and olive oil)  and Hummus, I was very satisfied both in taste and quantity. The bread that is served along side is made to order and cooked in a traditional oven and is outstanding. I plan on coming back to order a full meal in the very near future and hope to be able to give them the whole row of five stars in my updated review....stay tuned!
4	Two times for lunch in one week. If that doesn't say something, I don't know what will. Their inexpensive lunch specials are what brought me in, the flavorful, fresh food is what brought me back a second time around. I tried the Chicken Kubideh Kabob ($3.99)- a flavorful, well-seasoned ground chicken kabob served on a freshly-made pita bread with some greens, a slice of lemon, and a side of cucumber & mint yogurt sauce. Next visit I chose the Gyro ($3.99)- slices of beef/lamb, fresh tomatoes, greens & the same yogurt sauce wrapped in a warm pita bread. The gyro came w/ raw onions and a lemon slice. The portion size was generous. I thought the meat slices were a tad too salty, but the refreshing yogurt sauce balanced the gyro out. If you're in this part of town and are in the mood for Greek food, go here. The quality is good, the ingredients are fresh and the prices are fantastic!
4	Food was very yummy! Excellent quality and taste, just a bit on the pricier side for a fast/casual place. Cost about $12 for a single lamb kabob meal. Used the mail coupon for an extra kabob, which made it more worth it. Lunch seems like a better price $4-6 for a gyro. My friend got a gyro and it was huge for the price! Great deal. I will get this next time. Also came with rice, a few bites of lettuce and a dolmeh.
4	Knowing that one of my friends has a common food allergy has not put a damper on our Mediterranean and Middle Eastern food affair. In fact, it  has only intensified our want to find all the good ones in town. This Flame Kabob has the lunch special between 11-3. There is a choice between the chicken or beef kubideh, felafel or gyro sandwich. I had tried the fourth option. This would be the second day in a row that I ordered the gyro and it was less salty or maybe they just gave me more tzatziki sauce. The bread is fresh and amazing. I got to see the guy make it to order. The guy at the register was not pushy and let me order what I wished without up selling me to death. It is listed as a limited time deal, so give it a try.
2	I'm not Greek or Middle Eastern.  I'm not that experienced with the cuisine.  Thus, the authenticity that others take about is lost on me, because I don't care.  I have an average american palette.   To me the food was okay.  The food deserves 3 stars, but the price for what you gives, earns the 2 stars I posted.  I tried the chicken kabob and the beef shawarma.  I wouldn't call the three spinach leave they give you a salad.  The hummus is decent.  I'm not Greek, but I've made comparable myself.  I wonder if the saffron rice, really contain saffron or just a coloring agent.  They bake their own (flat) bread, but that doesn't make it noteworthy tastewise.I might come back for the lunch special during the day, but not for dinner, there is comparable for cheaper near me.
4	Yummy!  I love the Kabob - offically Kubideh -  with the mast-o-kahir.  The fresh baked bread (Sorry can't remember authentic name), is wonderful.  Lunch for two for under $15 is a great deal.  I'll be back often.
1	I only tried the beef/lamb schwarma, so perhaps other items are better.  This is a Persian restaurant, not a Greek restaurant.  The meat was way too spicy for me.  I don't mean hot spicy, I mean TONS of spice on each bite.  So if that is what you like, go for it.  I like the Greek version better.
5	First time visiting this place even though my sister has been a few times before me.  It was pretty good, seems like everything is made fresh to order.  They have a good variety of foods to choose from and offer some lunch specials which do not seem to be too bad on price.This is a place which if you like a taste of Persia or the middle east, you should definately give it a try, I don't think you will be disappointed.
5	The food is halal/kosher and excellent.  It's cooked fresh on the spot, but that means there's a twenty minute wait. Best to call in and order in advance. We carry out at least once every two weeks.
1	Got sick 3 times. Should have learned the first....maybe the second time but was hoping it was an isolated incident, maybe just me.....as much as I used to love this place Im not risking that again. Dont know what happened and can only speculate....
5	Great pricesGreat FoodHad chicken kabob & beef kabob. Very Good Taftoon. Like homeShirazi nothing SpecialLentil soup. GoodAsh: goodService : excellent & very niceClean Environment. Will Return soon. :-))))
4	This place is awesome.  Persian/Middle Eastern food on the cheap.If you want a nice casual, fast food experience with restaurant quality food, then this is the spot.  Lunch with a drink is easily under 8-9 bucks.The food is served fresh and is packed with flavor.  I usually order the Kubideh combo which comes with 2 skewers opting with the Ground chicken and Ground lamb.  So much food for only 8-9 bucks.
2	Being raised in a Persian family, I can say I have eaten my fair share of good Persian food. I have eaten at Flame Kabob on a number of occasions, and although it has been passable at times, my last experience with the food was terrible. The rice is totally bland. Although it has a rich yellow color that should give the impression that Saffron was used, I am convinced it was clearly just food coloring. I ordered 4 meals, and had every type of meat available for koobideh. The Lamb was dry and gritty, the chicken was distasteful, and the beef was also very dry. I also had the Chelo Kabob, which is typically made from tenderloin. Although I would not expect it to use that cut of meat at a fast food style restaurant. That plate still cost 20 bucks and I am pretty confident they used chuck or top round. Persian food is meant to be very tasty. It seems to me they are cutting corners and still charging a premium. I would hope there food quality goes back up.
1	I am amazed at the reviews for this place. I mean, are there shills just posting reviews? Are they giving out free food in exchange for a positive rating? Even if that were the case...I'd pass.Several people in the office were chastising me for never choosing a location for lunch. Rather than simply accepting the abuse whilst producing, what may be, the most complicated spreadsheet in the history of spreadsheets, I relented and looked for a good place for a Gyro. Yelp, you rarely lead me astray...I searched for a nearby restaurant and Flame Kabob was our elected establishment to try.My co-workers ordered the beef/lamb wrap and I got a Veggie Kabob cause I'm healthy like that. Holy Torched Onion On A Stick!! A few pepper slices, 2, yes, only 2 zucchini slices, and the rest was all over-seasoned onion. Pita, nasty sauce, and tri colored long grain rice.  For like $9? Are you kidding me?Having been jilted from my noon time hunger, I gently peeked around the corner at my co-workers who instantly shot me glares that would make the paper shredder unnecessary. I then got a review that consisted of "Yucky" "over-seasoned" "salty" and "gross. That is with the expletives omitted in case children are reading this.On the bright side, I'm not going to be asked for suggestions anytime soon.
5	The chicken has great  spicy flavor.  Cheap specials.  Big servings.  Fresh pita and hummus.
3	I had the lunch special Gyro. It was ok. For the price it was great value and would go again if I am craving a Gyro and am in the area.
5	So glad they had lamb, chicken was not over cooked or under cook. The lime made it something extra Speaical. I was full and will go back for more. The environment was not loud, super clean and friendly workers... The boss had a cute smile ;)
1	I am not sure why it is a one dollar sign establishment. For a family of 5 with 3 being under six years old we spent over $55. This was without drinks. The service was mediocre at best. The chicken kabob did have good flavor and the humus wasn't too bad. However we will not be returning.
5	The best kabob place around! Sad the eastern location closed, so I go to the one by UNLV now. I like that they have a great selection of vegetarian dishes!  Food is so good!!!!!!
5	Amazing and healthy food! The yogurt drinks (Original especially) are amazing and worth it. Don't be discouraged by the pomegranate chicken.
