1	We ordered a bed, mirror and end table from Z Gallerie back in the beginning of September. We were told they could not deliver the mirror with our other furniture because of its size, that i could use another delivery service and pay another $75. Needless to say, they were wrong and When I called to check on my order (which was supposed to be delivered by the middle of October) they said they could deliver it with the furniture. Great!Called again towards the middle of October because nobody had called to set up delivery and was told now it would be the middle of November. Now, it is the middle of November and I called again, because once again nobody has called me. I was just told that it would now be the end of DECEMBER!!! 2 months after the original quoted delivery date! Are you kidding me??? Mind you I have paid for this furniture in full when it was ordered. I have learned that you are technically not supposed to charge for goods until they have been received. They are probably just trying to recognize the transaction on the books.......even though their customer is no where near recognizing it! Z Gallerie, you suck! I have since been reading lots of reviews with similar results......amazing that you are still in business.
2	I must have looked like a poor, ugly person the other day bc seriously NO ONE helped me. no one even said hi. I was in there for an hour too. I decided not to buy anything bc the service was so bad. this is a little bit like OJ's "i didnt kill my wife, but if I did this is how I would do it" in that if someone had helped me I would have bought 6 place settings- mats, chargers, napkins and napkin rings. I also would have bought several drapery panels. but no way was I going to spend that much money at a place that couldn't even say hello or ask a girl carrying around a ton of place settings if she needed help. so i just set everything I had gathered up over the hour in a pile and left. you're welcome employees, hope you had fun putting everything away. i also hope they work on commission and are regretting not saying hi to me.
3	They have some nice stuff. I agree with the other reviews in that you can walk around in here for an hour and have an employee not so much as acknowledge your presence. As such, I've never bought anything big here, and likely never will.
3	It's true, the customer service isn't that great...BUT, they really do have nice furniture. I feel like this store is an upgraded Pier1 with a few odds and ends books and toys that you would find in Urban Outfitters. I've been in a couple of times and I can't remember ever being greeted....It would be nice if someone from there would read these reviews and take a hint...HOWEVER, today, though they failed to greet, they did have an excuse. There was a huge powersurge in California the night before, where their central offices are located, so their computers were down. And for some reason, everyone decided to enter the shop and check out all at the same time.....We were the last ones attended to, and they were VERY appoligetic and the man that checked us out was super friendly as well. So, I wouldn't pass this place up just yet........they have too many pretty things to look at and maybe one day they'll finally figure it out! P.s. The guy also told us that if we happen to order something that is out of stock, expect to wait months to recieve it. We happend to get something that was in stock, but just thought i'd pass the word just in case.....
4	I love there furniture and artwork i will buy all my furniture there if Ican.Bought a few things for my dinner table.I think customer service was good.
1	Was in the store for over 10 minutes and was never greeted, acknowledged or even looked at.  Spent a lot of money at Z in KC but I'll not spend a dime here.
