5	went yesterday to get son outfitted for track season.  i forgot how much there was to think about in selecting a running shoe and all the other paraphernalia that goes with running.  one of the benefits of having offspring, you actually care that they are properly outfitted thus you are forced to take notice of how much you neglect your own running needs beyond the cute clothes and ipod shoes.  the staff took an hour with us having my son run around the store, they even have a treadmill with video analysis to measure your gait.  their selection of high tech shoes and equipment is more than you'll need but not so much that it overwhelms you.  the nicest thing was that one of the salespeople knew my son's track coach and was able to apply that knowledge towards deterring us from purchasing both practice shoes and spikes...you gotta love it when a salesperson prevents you from wasting money.  these people really took us seriously and made my son more excited about his new sport.  compression pants, high tech socks, perfect shoes to protect his knees, what more could you ask for?
1	Hi all!!! I am an avid runner, or a least was until a couple years ago when I was training for a marathon and got cartilage damage after excessive running. Anyways, I feel better now and wanted to get a nice pair of running shoes, which I had wanted to get back home in NJ. However, my fiance and I wanted to start running, so I gave this place a shot and went there to look for my shoes! Well, I have to say that I have never gotten this rudest of costumer service anywhere, specially when you are buying specialty product. I am baffled at how these people make any money being so rude. The shoes have no prices and when I was asked "Can I help you with anything?", my answer was "Shoe Prices" and the response was "There are no shoe prices on the shoes!"... I can read, so I know that and this is why I was asking for these prices. The woman also made it sound like I didn't know what I was doing because I was in the man's section and I felt she also insinuated that I couldn't afford the $90-$100 shoes. I am soooooo glad I am not from IL because I don't have to buy from these rude people, but if I ever have to come back here, I am sure to NEVER buy from this place and I suggest to all that you drive out to other locations and find friendlier staff. I actually suggest you check out Road Runner Sports if you have time before giving your money to this bitter place.
5	The first time I bought running shoes at Body N Sole was back in the late 70's.  I went in wanting to buy the latest expensive shoe that was touted in Runner's World.  Jed checked out my feet, my structure, and the wear of my old shoes and recommended something for half the price.  What?!?  Talking the customer into spending less money?  Unheard of.  Well, the shoes were perfect and I never bought my running/walking shoes anywhere else.  Several times I went in looking for those high priced shoes that were the vogue and was always steered to what was best for my needs at a substantial savings.  Most of the staff are runners and know of what they speak.  They check out your gait, the wear of your old shoes, your build, and the kind of running you do and recommend shoes based on that.  I have never been dissatisfied with any shoes that were recommended to me.  It's been many years, Jed and I have aged (he better than I), our kids have grown up, he still remembers my name and still picks the right shoes for me.  Obviously I am a very satisfied customer.
5	I really don't understand the negative review because I have been in here several different times and have always received great service.  I can't ever imagine them being rude.  One time I went in they were very busy due to an upcoming marathon and I was helped in a timely manner.  I think this is a great store, and was talked out of a more expensive running shoe after watching me walk.  I got the perfect pair of running shoes at a great price.
5	For perhaps ten years I have never gone anywhere else for athletic shoes. This is the only shoe store I've visited where they actually look at your feet, investigate the way you walk, check the wear on your previous shoes, etc., in order to analyze exactly what would be best for you. And on several occasions the person helping me has suggested the less expensive alternative of two or three choices that seemed appropriate. At this point, I can't imagine even trying out another store.
5	i have been a runner for many years, and i've always bought my shoes at this place.  they do check gait, and know how to put you in the right shoe for your needs.  i appreciate that they are cool about returns too.  i ran in the same sort of shoe for a long time, but after a surgery on my calves, my gait changed.  it was an ordeal finding the right shoe to compensate for my new stride.  they allowed me to take shoes and try them on the treadmill until i found the right one.  after taking a pair home, i gave them a try for a longer period of time on the treadmill and realized they weren't right.  i took them back, and was able to exchange them for a pair that worked.  most of the guys who work here are very knowledgeable about what they are selling and to me, that is the biggest benefit.  this isn't foot locker and they aren't trying to set you up in fashion shoes.  the other thing this store has is gear/supplements.  they saved my ass this race season when a box from hammer nutrition didn't come in on time.  they had endurolytes and perpetuem waiting right there.  it was a god send and i know that i'd have struggled to finish my endurance race without it.  they carry great gear from nathan, amphipod, and spibelt -- and a lot of mens and women's running clothing. all in all, a great store full of runners.  if it's possible, though, i would always ask the older guys in there for help.  the young guys who work there seem a little less knowledgeable.... and honestly, a little less helpful.  they seem to want to sell you the shoe, and that's about it.
5	This is the only place I will go for my running essentials.  Everyone in the store is so nice and willing to take the time to help you find exactly what you want/need, but aren't pushy about trying to sell you something.  Plus, it makes me feel better to support a local store rather than a large chain.  Today for example, I went in to buy a pair of dry-fit socks and they didn't have the exact ones that I bought the last two times so instead they gave me two different pair to take home (free of charge) so that I could find another type/brand that they thought would be a better fit for me.  Everything
5	Ordered shoes on line and they shipped them that moment! Thank you. Great prices. I would order shoes again from them and I am in California.
5	Absolutely amazing! I have been running for years. I am slow and never going to win a race but when I went to Body N Sole this morning I was treated like any elite would be treated. I have had horrible shin pains and Van got me into some Brooks from last year that were on a great sale and bam...no more shin pain. I love this store and as long as I am in Urbana they will be my running store
