5	I love Impact boot camp!! Its indoors most of the time, which is a plus out here in AZ! The trainer works with you to reach your goals and makes it fun while you are sweating. Great for all levels. I signed up and within weeks I noticed great results. My energy increased and my clothes fit a lot better. I am very lucky to have met Steve and to be a part of Impact BootCamp !!
5	I have been waiting for the right boot camp to start up in Chandler. I have been taking the classes just about two months now. Steve has great energy, expertise in training and running classes, and keeps the classes new, fresh, challenging and fun. Steve will sit down with you and figure out what your goals and the best course to help you reach them. I have already noticed major gains in my endurance levels not to mention seeing definition in my muscles and more energy during the day. If you are having trouble getting motivated or need someone to workout with you will find that and more at Impact Boot Camp. They are even letting you try it FREE for a week. What do you have to loose. See you in class.
4	Good, hard workouts every time.  The workouts vary by the day and Steve always seems to be throwing in a new activity that you hate him for while you're doing it but love him for pushing you through it.  The only downsides are that the classes are only in the morning and you don't know what exercises are coming the next day (which he does so that people won't purposely skip that day but would be nice to know in case I wanted to do double workouts that day).  Well worth the effort, well worth the money.
5	Impact Bootcamp is awesome and so is the trainer Steve. He is always mixing it up and kicking your butt. He has a lot of experience in the industry and definitely knows what he's talking about. I have already noticed results and find the work out sessions to be super motivating. I love working out in the morning because I make healthier choices all throughout the day and have a lot more energy. Being indoors is also a plus!
5	I've been attending Impact Bootcamp since May and the results have been amazing! Steve is a wonderful trainer and everyone that attends is super motivational. I have noticed a huge change in how I feel and significant weight loss as well.  I no longer depend on energy drinks to get me through my long shifts at work. The online nutrition is very helpful and easy to use. I love Impact Bootcamp, if you want to look and feel your best definitely check it out!!
5	So I finally committed to getting my sexy back... I met Steve through the Chandler Chamber of Commerce and after much convincing he talked me in to getting up at 5am to work out. The first day was really tough. I'm in my third week now and I'M LOVING IT! I actually enjoy getting up early and getting my sweat on. The weather is beautiful in the early morning. We do different exercises every class. It helps keep things fun and interesting. We make use of shoppiing carts and other unique props. There are people of all fitness levels in the class and each workout can be altered to fit each person. Come check it out!
5	So I have been attending Impact for 6 weeks now and I am completely addicted to it.  Steve is great he pushes you enough so that you are getting a great workout without injuring yourself.  He goes the extra mile to make sure you are enjoying yourself and staying on track with the nutrition plan.  I feel so much better and have great energy.  I am so glad that I decided to attend Impact it has changed my life and I recommend this to everybody I come across it is well worth the time and money.
5	I have been taking boot camp classes for years. I finally found the right fit and motivation here in Arizona at Impact. Great for all levels. Steve works with each new student to help them achieve their own and personal fitness goals. I get a great workout and will continue to attend Impact.
5	Impact Bootcamp has transformed my body!  I signed up because I was looking for something to mix up my workout routine.  But I had no idea what I was getting.  The workouts are always different but fun and challenging.  Steve does a great job of making you want to come to class the next day to find out what new workout we will be incorporating into class.I was a little skeptical of a group class because I wasn't sure I would be challenged enough.  But the workouts are for all fitness levels.  Every class I leave exhausted but amped up for the day ahead!I have been attending for 3 weeks now and have lost 3% body fat!  There is no way I could have done this without Steve and Impact Bootcamp!  Thank you for getting me into the best shape of my life!Billy G.
5	This is the best work out plan for me. i work Monday through Friday and to have a boot camp i can do after work on my own schedule in my own apartment complex is amazing. the work out kicks my butt every time and now that it's cold outside, this the the reason i get out of the house and start working out. Keep up the great work Impact!
5	Impact Bootcamp has changed my life! The calorie blasting workouts are different each day, and I know that I am getting a total body workout every time I show up! It is the safest, healthiest, and quickest way to lose weight and gain muscle!
5	I found Impact Bootcamp through Groupon and never looked back. Impact Bootcamp  took my fitness level to a whole new high. I not only became stronger, but leaner.What I like about this boot camp is that not only is it suitable to all fitness levels, but it mixes up workouts so you never get bored.  I don't even look at the clock when I am in class, which in most gym classes, I do. The instructors encourage you to work hard but don't let you slack off. They make you WANT to work harder. Impact Bootcamp has helped me improve my endurance and strength. Being stronger and healthier has even motivated me to run a 5k. I would recommend Impact  Bootcamp to anyone who wants to get in shape and maintain a healthy lifestyle.
5	I am in my 6th week of bootcamp and it is by far one of the best workouts I have done. Each session is unique and challenging.  Haven't had the same workout twice.  Very much worth getting up early this summer to go to class.  The instructors do a great job setting up the class and managing the class size whether small or larger.  The facility is very nice and the location is great for me.  My goals were to improve my cardio and lose ten pounds.  I am already down one pant size and each class I see improvement in my stamina.  I am going to be doing bootcamp for a while.  Thanks Steve!
3	I made a deal with my coworker that I would go to his Bootcamp class if he came to my yoga class. I figured he got the better end of the deal, but I tagged along anyway to torture myself for a couple of hours.Our group started by running a couple laps outside on the parking lot, which I really enjoyed because I'm a slave to the treadmill. After warming up outside, we headed inside to do a set of drills. Each station had 2 exercises that had to be done for about 1min each. After each station was complete, you would rotate to the right/left until the whole circuit was complete. We were put into groups of 3 and did the circuit twice back to back, with a couple seconds rest between each station.The drills were pretty varied. Suicide runs, squats, weight-lunges, stair runs, burpees, balance-exercises, and so on. The group had about 10-15 people with a giant range of physical ability. The teacher kept a good pace and corrected people as he saw fit. Some things that I noted was that you really need to push and motivate yourself to work out here- as there are many people who might not be as fast/strong, its easy to not do your maximum effort and stay unnoticed. That completely defeats the purpose of attending a class, but its very easy to fall into.One of the things that is definitely lacking is stretching. As soon as the time starts, everyone goes straight to their exercises and leave straight after they are done. I think the class should definitely do group stretching before and after their workouts and the teacher should be instructing people on how to stretch properly to make sure they don't pull anything or get injured. I do know some people in the class who lost an insane amount of weight by joining this class, which shows that you can have as great results as you push yourself for- but you HAVE to push yourself. I would suggest doing this in combination with some long distance running, yoga class, zumba or any other workouts to prevent this from turning into something completely monotonous.
4	I found Impact Bootcamp throgh Groupon and am very happy I did.  I just signed up for additional classes which are very reasonably priced.  I really like the variety of exercises in the workout and am pleased at how fast the time goes.  The instructors make a point to learn people's names and provide personal encouragement throughout the classes.  If you're serious about getting in shape, you should give them a try.
5	Impact Bootcamp is awesome! I absolutely love getting up in the morning and starting he day off with a great workout! The workouts vary day to day so I never get bored. The trainers are very motivational and are always there for you! I highly recommend this Bootcamp to anyone who wants a great way to get or stay in shape!!
5	I have been with Impact Bootcamp for almost a year. I go about 3x week. I love the different workouts. I got tired of the same routine at the gym and finally decided to do something different and I am addicted. The routines are always different. It is a combination of strength and cardio. I am so much stronger, have strengthened my core and am overall more fit. I attacked my mid section and have seen improvements. Steve is a great motivator as well as the other trainers. The workouts are intense but you just do what you can do. You will absolutely improve no matter what your fitness level is. Everyone supports everyone else in class so if you are new you need not be afraid. We welcome everybody and will root you on.
4	The gym is inside the fencing studio, that was a bit confusing to find at first. The workouts are intense and are really challenging, but not so hard you can't do it. The classes are small, usually about 8 to 10 people, which makes it feel like you get personal attention. The only drawbacks are the distance (20 minutes from me) and the Times of the classes. I found this place on groupon but I probably won't be back because I can only make the class twice a week with my work schedule.
4	i started going to Impact Bootcamp on a Groupon. I bought the $25 unlimited and it lasted me more than a month. almost 2 months actually. Well worth it if your serious about going. i went 3-4 times a week. As others have said it is located inside the Fencers studio.Pros: -Colter! Colter is one of the trainers at Impact Bootcamp and honestly one of the main reasons i go. He knows what hes doing. He always says "listen to your body". He pushes you but reminds you that its important to do pay attention to what your body is saying so you dont hurt yourself. Super friendly guy, i always booked sessions that he was teaching. -Steve (the owner) is helpful and willing to meet and design a meal plan for you. - workouts are tough, my first day i couldnt sit down my thighs were killing me! But it got easier overtime and ive never been a sore as i was one day 1-when you sign up for Impact, Steve will send you login information to access their website portal which allows you to book sessions and see what part of the body will be worked out that day i.e, upper body, lower, total body. and this website also has some nifty tools to keep track of your weight, what your eating, water intake. Cons:- Impact's website totes that they have a state of the art 13,000 sq ft gym, actually its FENCERS gym. it appears Impact just rents space from them. There are days when the kids from the Fencers club are there practicing when bootcamp is going on too and when that is the case, the entire gym is not utilized only a portion of it. And when the kids are there practicing their fencing, frankly its distracting to pay attention to the workouts because of the noise. Also there is a lot of Fencing equipment all over the gym that can be hazardous trying to run around when we warm up -  The Groupon is an amazing deal. their regular prices are not. overpriced in my opinion. And the "fine print" in the contract is mind boggling. Basically the only way you can cancel your membership with them is if you move 15 miles away from the location after you purchase a membership OR if your doctor provides you with a note stating your unable to continue bootcamp again. Ridiculous iron-clad contract! - no lockers/ cubbies to store your personal stuff like keys/purse/water bottle. there are benches against the wall that people place their stuff on but its not that safe, anyone can grab your keys and walk out..Unfortunately i will not be back after my Groupon ends. Impact needs their OWN gym, its an inconvenience to work out in a gym that belongs to someone else. Also, prices need to become more realistic and that ridiculous iron-clad contract needs scrapping! I've enjoyed my time here, its really close to home. But i will seek something more affordable that gives me more bang for my buck
5	Started off with a groupon deal and have been with the program for over a year now. Each day is designated to certain parts of the body to sometimes a full body workout.  Trainers are great! each one brings their own workouts that can make you try harder till the end. The workouts are at your own pace but don't be discouraged when some can move quicker than others, it's all about you! It is inside a fencing building so don't be alarmed lol. Bring a good attitude, a towel, a smile, and be ready to work!
