4	I've been shopping gyms lately and stopped in to Anytime Fitness to check it out. I was greeted by a very friendly staff who were very concerned with my needs. The gym has a relaxed vibe, as opposed to Lifetime Fitness which can seem like a bee hive. The pricing seems fair, machine and free-weight selection is great, and the place is not too crowded. The only reason the gym gets four instead of five stars would be that the locker rooms were very simple, when compared to every other gym out there. I would have preferred a bit more space, as I'm sure it can get very crowded (in the locker/bathroom).
5	I first discovered this anytime fitness when i came to the valley as a travel nurse, and now that i moved to the area I've been going to this anytime fitness for over a year. Of the six or seven anytime fitness gyms I've been to all over the country this one blows them all away. The gym is always clean, has plenty of cardio and tons of weight machines to choose from. My favorite feature is the virtual class room... It's a room with a touch screen kiosk out side with like 30 video classes that play on a huge projector screen so you can take an aerobic class or a spinning class whenever you want! Eddie the owner is great, really cares about his gym,  super nice guy and he knows all his members. I drive 8 miles from tempe just to go to this gym... Highly recommend this anytime fitness, whether you live in the area or just visiting and already have an anytime fitness membership.
5	If you are looking for a small gym with the equipment of a large gym, this is the place for you! Work out without the intimations of a large gym. Friendly atmosphere, always open when you need to use it!
5	I can't say how impressed I am with this gym's owner. His name is Eddie and he is the nicest guy you could ever hope to meet. He leaves bananas and apples out each morning for any of the members to eat at no charge but what really shocked me was how pleasant my cancellation to his gym was. I lost my wallet and got a new card number but forgot to update the card number with Anytime. They kept trying to bill me  for months but with no success. Most companies would jump at the opportunity to hit you with EFT return charges or send you to collections etc but I called Eddie and not only did he not send my account to collections, but he waived any of the amounts that were due from prior months and cancelled my membership over the phone! He saw that I hadn't gone to the gym in a long, long time and he closed my membership no questions asked and with no fees. I was really expecting him to give me the number to some collection agency along with some crazy amount due but he didn't do either of those things. It's a sad commentary that I'm shocked that there are still people in this world who do business the right way, but Eddie really is a breath of fresh air. Also, just as an FYI I loved Eddie's gym. Always extremely clean and not too crowded but now I'm going on as an additional member to my wifes corporate gym member discount so that's why I cancelled with Eddie. My advice is if you like the small gym feel and want to actually know and be able to speak to the gym owner whenever you want, then this is the gym for you. He's there any time to help and I hope his gym makes him a lot of money because he has morals and cares about people. Thanks again Eddie and if I don't like the adjustment to my new gym then I'll definitely be back soon.
