3	I have never seen a restaurant that has a frowning brownie (a.k.a. Frownie) as their icon, mascot, or spokesperson.  King's Family Restaurant has surprised me with this.  I think it might be in direct dialogue with Eat N' Parks smiling cookie -- funny (funny odd, not funny ha-ha).  We were seated rather quickly by the manager.  Very nice people work here, I was happy to find that even though they had closed a section, the server was willing to stay longer to serve us our dinner.We chatted with the server a little bit -- she was quite engaging -- and then moved on to order our meal:TeaPepsiOpen-faced Hot Turkey Sandwich with mashed potatoes and gravyBuffalo Chicken strips with mashed potatoes and macaroni n' cheeseOur drinks arrived and our server conversed with us some more about the area.  She would leave every couple of minutes to check on our food and to make certain that her other tables had everything they needed.  Eventually, our entrees arrived -- both piping hot.  I went straight for the macaroni and cheese.  It didn't taste bad, but I swear that it is made by Stouffers.  I didn't feel the need to eat that much knowing that there were other things to eat.  I tried the mashed potatoes and found that they too came from a package; but, again, they didn't taste bad with the brown gravy.  I moved on to the main part of my meal -- the buffalo chicken strips.  At least they were all white meat and the buffalo sauce was more than just mild.  I contented myself with eating them.  I tried some of the hot turkey sandwich and just left the rest for my friend since it was not fresh cut turkey but instead luncheon meat that had been heated.  I finished off my dinner and was happy in the end.  No, it wasn't the best food in the world, but the service greatly helped the perception and it didn't taste bad.
3	So... back in the late 90s, there used to be this super-kick-ass cinnamon ice cream, like an apple pie ice cream without the apples or the pie crust.  SO DELICIOUS!However, NOW there is some shit-tastic replacement that tastes like vanilla ice cream with last year's red-hot in the middle: totally gross.  Fortunately, our server was nice enough to warn me about the change and bring me a sample, so I only had to suffer the death of a childhood memory rather than also having to pay for it.The portions are big and filling, just don't come for the ice cream.
4	Ive pretty much been eating at various Kings' pretty regularly since I was a child when my parents would take my sister and I into the Fox Chapel location often.  Lately me and my girl have been visiting the Heidelburg location. I love the food, it really tastes homemade, much like something a grandmother would make, complete with gobs of butter and side dishes. Prices are low, selection is great, but dont expect fine dining by any means. Service is hit or miss at pretty much all of them; if you have lunch at any Kings, you will likely be waited on by a sweet but sarcastic  older lady who has been doing the waiting thing for 30 years and knows her game. Seek out this lady.  My experience with the younger crowd at night isnt the same.Im in my 30s now, and very little has changed, other than the Fox Chapel location was remodeled about 10 years ago to look less like a diner, which was a big fail.  Any girl I meet has to enjoy Kings or she's out.
2	Hoofah.
4	I heart King's. I've always been a fan and this one was as good as my old one in Monaca.
5	thisis not the closest Kings to us, but we often will travel the extra miles because the service and food at this location is always the best.
