4	Since there was no escaping my worries by whisking myself away to Puerto Vallarta this weekend...I did the next best thing. I over-indulged in scents. 200 of them to be exact.I took a seat at the bar and instead of ordering a stiff drink, I grabbed a blank paper tab and begin mixing scents. Would it be liquid valium (lavender, mandarin orange and bergamot) or perhaps a little southern tropics (oatmeal, milk & honey and mango)?No...I needed something bold and strong. I created what I'd like to call 'therapy'... chocolate, butterscotch and Columbian coffee.The next decision was what to mix it in. Face lotions, shampoos, body wash and room mists to name a few. It's all earth friendly and cruelty free. They even have scents and shampoos for the K-9's!
5	I really am a Bath Junkie.  I love bath products, especially environmentally friendly ones.  When I heard about this place through the Yelp events page, I got really really excited.  The idea of custom blending my own scent and then tinting it to a lovely shade of pink gets me all weak in the knees, so that's exactly what I did this weekend.  The store is located in the jumbled mess of Desert Ridge Marketplace, but just ignore that fact and go anyway.  Inside you will find a clean and simple yet inviting interior with a few ladies to help get you started.  Basically you pick a product, sit at the scent bar and choose up to four scents to combine, then you hand it to one of the ladies and they will mix it up for you, tint it your chosen color, and then label it so you don't forget what scents you chose.  AWESOME!  They also have lots of really cute gift packages to choose from.  I am going to spend a lot of money here, I can already tell.  Lucky me, I was chosen in a drawing to win a free 8 oz product!  YAY!  If you love bath products, you really have to go here.
4	My wife keeps dragging me here.  I have no idea what I would want here but they have doggie stuff so at least there is something for me to look at while the wife plays apothecary.  They have doggie shampoo and doggie perfume which is pretty cool - plus a couple other dog items.  They are also happy to treat your dog to a treat, a drink, and a bit of perfume if your bring him/her in to the store.  That's pretty cool.  I love dog-friendly places. The women who work here are very nice and helpful.  They always have lots of suggestions and they aren't too pushy.  I wish this place wasn't in Desert Ridge since that place feels more like a Jr High hallway than a mall.  Also, the stage is just outside of Bath Junkie so there is usually some loud obnoxious music blasting in.  Not very relaxing.The product here is great though and if you are up that way, I'd suggest stopping by.
5	Hi. My name is Mary C., and I'm a bath junkie.It all began when I visited my dear cousin Michelle H. in Phoenix. As I hail from Los Angeles, I was a little confused by the bottle labeled "Bath Junkie" on her bathroom counter. When I asked what it was she got all excited and told me to spray some on my skin after a shower! It will feel so soft and smooth! And it smells so good! Okay cuzzo, whatever you say. A shower and a few sprays later, I couldn't understand how soft and wonderful my skin felt! And it smelled SO good! When Michelle tried to explain how you customize everything yourself, it became apparent that my very own trip to Bath Junkie would be required on this visit.We made our way to the Desert Ridge Marketplace and straight to Bath Junkie. From the outside it looked like a very simple bath product store, but then we walked inside and took a seat at the scent bar. I mean, I seriously must have had hundreds and hundreds of scents staring up at me. Categorized by spices, florals, wannabes, and more- any scent I could have imagined, including, dirt. Were it not for the menus and their thoughtful scent-combo suggestions, I might not have made it out of there. With Michelle at my side we spent at least an hour testing different scent combinations on the index cards. We even created a rating system to help weed out the ones I really loved. In the end, I fell for a combination of chardonnay, pink sugar type, and strawberry. Seriously try this combo and tell me it isn't intoxicating. So, finding my scent was really only the first step. Once that was accomplished, we checked out the wall of stuff. It is a wall covered with every type of bath product you can think of: scrubs, lotions, washes, etc. I tried out the different offerings, but in the end I went for Michelle's drug of choice, body dessert. It is literally a conditioner for your skin and feels wonderful after a hot shower. After only a couple of weeks, it has become a staple in my bathroom.Last, I went to the counter to have my creation put together! The conditioner and scents were combined, and after a quick scent check from yours truly, mixed together! The very last step is choosing a color if white just doesn't do it for you. I opted for light pink, which I think I'll stick with, but there's a rainbow of a selection. The whole experience was so much fun. I would definitely set aside some serious time to try all the different scent combinations, and I would also drag some of your best girlfriends with you. The only bummer for this Los Angeles resident, is the closest store is in Claremont. Lucky for me, you can build everything online, but you really need to go to a store for your first time.If you see me walking down the street smelling my arm, you know why.
4	They are in the process of changing the name to The Bath Workshop which bums me out a bit.  I really like the name Bath Junkie.We had fun deciding what we wanted (all the products are quite expensive though.. think $12 for a 4 oz shower gel and $18 for a foaming bath pump).  Then we spent almost one hour smelling all the different scents (dirt!  yuck!) and then finding a combination we liked.  We ended up with a combination of rose, lemongrass and sweet rain.  After you decide your scents you get to decide if you want your product colored.  I chose hot pink!  I would recommend this place!
5	Formerly Bath Junkie, The Bath Workshop is my favorite and the ONLY place I will ever buy bath products again! They have forever changed the concept of bath products & I couldn't recommend them enough. First of all, a place that lets you totally customize your product is fabulous. You pick your product and then you choose your fragrance (up to a mixture of 4) and then choose the color of your product. But that's not what I love about them -- I love the actual product. All of their products do as they claim & I actually feel like it's good for my skin...I don't feel like I'm putting chemicals on top of my skin and THAT is what keeps me going back lovelies. Not to mention, it's a really cool store that is fun to bring friends and spend some time in. The store itself is really fresh, modern, and clean...just step inside & you'll see what I mean.Salt scrub? AMAZING. When I first walked in through their doors last summer I kind of rolled my eyes when they offered up a free salt scrub treatment -- who hasn't tried salt scrub?! I was so, so wrong. Their salt scrub feels so amazing & luxurious -- so many other places carry salt scrubs that are oily or just kind of 'ehhh' but this one exceeded my expectations. It's been a year & I've gone through about 5 of them! They are really THAT amazing.Body Dessert? MORE THAN AMAZING! I went in there about a month ago & they had changed the name of the body dessert -- I believe it's now called Body Finisher? Anyways, this is the spray lotion they put on your hands after the salt scrub treatment and it is seriously fabulous. You can put it on your skin wet or dry & they explain to you that when your pores are wet it soaks in moisture better and then you pat away excess that your body won't soak in anyway. It is SO NICE to have a lotion that is light-weight & leaves my skin feeling soft and clean, not oily and disgusting. I especially love it for summer when I don't want anything extra weighing me down. It's not made as a 'super moisturizer' so if you are looking for a deep moisturizing treatment this isn't it, but it is fabulous for everyday use and keeps your skin feeling fresh and lovely.I've tried & loved many other products in the store, but the two above are the ones that keep me coming back for constant refills. And that is coming from someone who usually takes a year or longer to go through a bottle of lotion from other stores!Remember how I mentioned you can customize your own scent? Yeah, that's FABULOUS. I have all kinds of different scents. My favorite go-to-pick-me-up scent during the summer is light & airy -- White Tea, Green Tea, Lime, and Aloe Vera. When I told the employee I wanted something really light & fresh, this is what she crafted. At first I thought it sounded like the most disgusting combination ever, but I absolutely love that light scent on my skin during warm summer days. They have so many scents that it can be overwhelming to create your own, so just talk to an employee about the kind of scent or mood you want to create & they will get the wheels rolling in no time. Another favorite classic of mine is White Tea & Peppermint. Love putting that in my salt scrub that I apply before night!Prices are a little more than you might expect, but trust me, it is SO worth it. You leave the store with something you truly love -- the color is something you chose, the scent is something you chose, and the actual product itself...well, that will speak for itself.Stop waiting and go to Bath Junkie -- errr....The Bath Workshop -- NOW!
