5	Stopped in here last week for the preview and absolutely adored the space, the cats, and the whole "cat cafe" experience. They didn't have a menu available yet, but the Thai iced tea sample that they offered was lovely.  The cats were so relaxed and friendly, and the staff was really sweet. Too bad I was only in Montreal for vacation, otherwise I would be stopping in every day!
4	I've excitedly awaiting the opening of the cat cafes, and the first one is finally here!! I was curious to see how this place would be setup with having cats and the hair that comes with them everywhere. When you come in you're asked to clean your hands for the cats. The bar is up front with a small menu typical of most cafe. I did like their espresso. What I found a bit annoying was the order was taken to the back and finally brought forward. Although if you're coming here, I suppose a speedy espresso on the go is not the goal. That's the cats! There are many cute and friendly ones here. I think this would be a great spot for students to go and study or perhaps a first date. If you are a parent with young children this is not the place for you and yours. Children under 12 years are not allowed. On the up side that means this place will not have children running around or crying. Depends on how you look at it.
1	Came here after much waiting and anticipation, only to be grossly disappointed. I had to wait outside the door for  for a bit, before I was allowed in, because they are afraid the cats might escape, then I was stopped and told to disinfect my hands with the Purell by the door,before entering a very narrow "lounge" area where the (3) cats are. I then was informed to take a seat, (rickety) at an available table, then exit the lounge, to the cash, order my drink, then wait. I ordered an iced tea, (regular size) at a whopping $4.54 (with tax) , then had to wait an eternity before it was finally delivered to my table. Meanwhile, a sour -looking "waiter" approached me while I was still waiting for my tea, and demanded to know if I had ordered anything ! He then had the temerity to demand if I had paid, I replied yes to both, and he stalked off! My tea arrived finally, after a good 20 minutes, but it was merely flavoured ginger ale!!  When I informed this same useless, sad excuse for a waiter, that this is NOT iced tea, he replied this is how they make it! Imagine that!! Sorry, boys and girls, this is NOT how you make iced tea, and keep it up with your clueless, useless (non)  service and you'll be gone faster than many of your predecessors who previously had the address!  To add insult to injury, one of the girls working there, proceeded to  wipe down my table with Javex wipes, AFTER I had been sitting there for over 30 minutes, and was drinking my tea! Should not this have been done BEFORE??? Sloppy! As for cats roaming freely about the place, good luck, there are only 3 (on that day) clustered at the window, stay in that sapce, and do NOT really roam about the narrow room, corridor, more like. Overall, a very disappointing, pricey experience.
3	A good place for cat lovers. You get to pet the cats that are walking around or lying about.The menu is very limited and the coffee doesn't taste that great either. It would be nice if they could have good coffee not make it only based on cats.
2	One word. Disappointing. I traveled quite far from one end of the Montreal island to the plateau to check out this brand new first ever Cat Cafe. I really felt like there was no design or effort put into the environment and atmosphere. Honestly, it was just a room with some cats in the corner, with a couple of cheap tables and chairs. I seriously just sat down with my coffee for 10 minutes then left. One, it was not a comfortable place, two, I felt cramped and three, there was no cafe ambiance to me. I understand this is a cat cafe, but I feel they should at least put some more thought and consideration into the look and feel of the place. I mean this is supposed to be Montreal's first cat cafe!On the plus side, there were some beautiful cats! But sadly, they are not enough for me to come back again.
2	It's too bad. The cats are cute. The concept is nice. I waited for 15 minutes for someone to come serve me and no one came. I spent my time watching people take selfies and photos with cats. And then I left. I'm looking forward for the one on Duluth to open up. Maybe they will have better service?
4	I came to this place not because I wanted a delicious coffee or a tasty sandwich, I came for the cats. I think anyone who comes to the Cat Cafe comes for the cats and not the food. Their food selection is limited and a little pricey. However, the concept is wonderful. Im a crazy cat lady so this cafe was the answer to my prayers. It's a great place to spend a few hours with some lovely felines. They have book shelves with a different variety of books that clients could read, and of course, you could play with the cats once they're awake. The only thing is you can't pick them up or pet them when they're sleeping; which makes perfect sense. It would be pretty annoying always getting disturbed while sleeping.
1	Great idea, poor execution - from customer service to ambience. I was really looking forward to visiting this place and was greatly disappointed. One employee was dealing with taking orders and processing payments, handling food, giving an interview, arguing with a vendor who was late with deliveries, and opening the door to let customers in.Ended up waiting 15 minutes to get into the cafe and another 25 minutes to get a coffee (had to order another croissant as the first was eaten while waiting for the coffee). As someone already mentioned here, there is no cafe ambiance - just a room filled with some ikea like furniture and cats. Although adorable, the cats are not sufficient to make up for the rest.
