3	Want pizza at 3am in this city?  This place is open until 4am (even on Sundays, last I checked).  The bacon topping and the cheeses they use are really good.  Don't recommend the mushrooms (tinned?) as a topping.Much better than any franchise pizza in this city!The pizza bases are really good too....
3	This is a pretty cute pizza joint but not that big. The place is generally simple, warm interior with a pop machine inside. The staff here is friendly and quick.Pepi's offers salads, wings, subs and of course, pizza! They don't have a variety of pizza's but you can defiantly create your own. Custom slices are also available for dine-in or take-out. Pizza prices are good-Small, 4 slices ($6.95)Medium, 8 slices ($11.75)Large, 12 slices ($14.25)Party, 25 slices ($21.95)additional toppings is extra.My small group and I always get the meat lover's party size (yes, I know, we're pigs!). The pizza is done rather quickly, the ingredients are fresh and they have tons of big pieces of meat! The pizza is good; they give you a good amount of everything, nothing too special though. The ladies bring over our pizza to the table with plates and chili flakes. Unfortunately, the place isn't too clean; there is always something on the table or on the floor. Also, once in a while they overcook the pizza a little too much.Also, they have free parking in the lot right next to their place.
5	Pepi's has been a long-time favourite of mine since their pizzas are loaded with toppings!  They make a great meat lovers or Canadian pizza, but I'm sure others are great as well!  I understand they're one of the original fast food locations in Kitchener, and it shows.  Unfortunately, although the food is delicious, the restaurant itself is in pretty rough shape. Nevertheless, their subs and wings are also delicious. Some people find the pizza sauce sweet and overpowering, which is a personal preference.  To me, this rates as one of the best pizzas in Kitchener!
3	This pizza place is excellent in some things and awful in others. If there was a little bit more consistency in the food and service I received, it would've been a strong 4 star.The ambience of this place is obviously not the most modern, however for a place that has been in service for almost 50 years, the upkeep is quite decent. The tables are minimal, but good enough as many customers go for take-out anyway. However, this means that the employees don't take care of their tables much, as there was only one table which was relatively clean enough to dine on.I ordered a custom made slice with ham, mushrooms, and onions. One of the attractions for this place is the custom made slices, as they have a lot of different toppings for you to choose at reasonable prices. Average preparation time for this place is about 10 minutes, which I suppose is average for most pizza joints. They give you a fork and a knife to eat the pizza, which shows they care about cleanliness and don't want your hands to be dirty.The ham, mushrooms, and onions tasted very good; you can tell the ingredients were freshly picked, and I was told they use local ingredients; a bonus. However, the crust was not good. It  was too burnt, and when I chew it immediately smashes to smithereens. Definitely not what I wanted from my pizza.I also ordered a drink, which to my surprise, came from a vending machine you normally see in shopping malls or other public places.The service overall was average. I didn't like the fact the tables were dirty when I entered, but they did eventually clean them up when my pizza slice was delivered. The employees seem to be having a good time, but they were quite forgetful in some people's orders (they had to clarify my order once, and another person's order twice). As a casual pizza eater, I don't see myself coming back in the near future, but don't count this place out; it does qualify as a decent place for local residents.
3	Delicious pizza once again! The sauce is a different, sweet taste. The crust is light and crispy.  The toppings were again loaded on top!  Unfortunately, the pizza wasn't very hot.  We also tried the wings for the first time: they have a good seasoning, but they were soggy.
2	They are generous with their toppings but probably one of the few redeeming qualities of the pizza from this place. It'd be better if they made an effort to make a balanced pizza with the right amount of ingredients rather than just pouring them on the dough and hoping you really like your toppings.Also, the staff don't seem like they really care about the food that they make...
3	I'd have to agree with Daniel L. S review. The crust is only good if you enjoy precooked crumbly, crispy, hard crust. If you are looking for a chewy, fluffy, bread crust, this is not gonna deliver.  The redeeming quality of this place is the toppings.
