1	I visited Freedom Square Diner on a Sunday for a late breakfast. My girlfriend and I arrived at 10:45 and we're told there was a 15 minute wait, which was no big deal.  We were then seated around 11:00. We ordered our food shortly thereafter.  To make a long story short we were brought the wrong food (I ordered an omelette I received sunny side up eggs) after 20 minutes. We then had to wait an additional 35 minutes for the correct meals. Which still weren't exactly what we had ordered. My girlfriend asked for sausage she got bacon. I asked for Mancini's bread but received rye. The home fries were also undercooked. By that point we had both lost our appetites. I like supporting local businesses, but next time I'll go to a chain.
5	I was here this past weekend on a whim. My daughter got hungry at the dollar store nearby, and I figured we'd try this place. I am SO glad I did! They've got a real, small-town diner feel. As someone who recently moved here from a small southern town, that's great news for me. Everything from the leg lamp (who doesn't love a good Christmas movie reference?!) to the friendly greeter to the awesome waitress made this experience really special.We both ordered chicken fingers. They came out quickly, and they were delicious. My mother joined us halfway through the meal and ordered pumpkin pie, warm and with "twice the whipped cream you'd normally get." It was no problem at all. At the end of the meal, my daughter wanted another one of the cardboard sleighs the kids meal came in (which was a really nice touch). It was no problem. the waitress hopped off with a smile and came back with two clean ones. I'll definitely be going back. This was a really nice place, really nice food, and it's staffed by really nice people.
4	Very happy they opened this location. Everything you could want from a family diner. Only open until 3, but they do carry dinner type items on the menu, like Liver with Bacon and onions.
4	This was our first time at Freedom Square, which we found right here on Yelp.  There's plenty of seating, the place is nicely decorated and everything looks fresh and new, not old-diner shabby.  Even at 11 am on a Sunday, we were seated right away.  Our waitress was prompt, friendly, and helpful.  I ordered the chicken fried steak breakfast on her recommendation, and my companion ordered the cinnamon French toast, so new he had to create his own combo.  Both came with delicious home fries that were obviously made fresh, not poured out of a frozen bag.  With such a nice atmosphere, good service and great food, we'll be back!
4	It is nice to have a diner option for breakfast in Oakmont/Verona area.  I have not tried anything beyond breakfast but the omelets are very good.  I cannot stand hash brown or frozen potatoes (they serve really decent potatoes with breakfast).  I had problem with an order and it was replaced immediately along with discount for next visit (which was nice but overkill - but appreciated).
2	80% full at lunch time, elderly retirees with the occasional blue collar guy in for some diner food. Place is clean and very well put together. The food is abysmal. I went with a recommendation - Cuban sandwich. No swiss cheese, wasn't griddled, quite dry and entirely flavorless. The coleslaw was among the worst I've ever had. The homemade chips, which the waitress raved over, were cold. A simple heat lamp would make them warm, even if they weren't fresh from the fryer. I feel a tinge of remorse for leaving a bad review -- the staff was incredibly friendly. But I am sympathetic to the Soup Nazi -- you can treat me like crap if your product is truly delightful. Definitely would not return. Rivertowne is 2 minutes away and what it lacks in cleanliness it more than makes up for in every single dish being tasty, well seasoned and very fresh.
