2	I seriously do not get the appeal of this place! I tried it quite a while ago back in California and didn't like it much. But everyone I know raves about it and it has been a while so I thought I'd try it again. Especially since it's so close to my house. Blah. I got a cheeseburger with grilled onions, tomato, their sauce and pickles. I passed up lettuce because they use nasty iceberg lettuce. Can I get an upgrade? How about green leaf lettuce like is shown on their website? Also got fries and a Dr. Pepper. The Dr. Pepper was the greatest thing about the meal. OK, the service was good too. Very friendly, kinda creepily so. The fries are just weird. I'm sure people say it's because they are fresh. OK, then I'll take un-fresh fries any day. These ones are just gross. The burger is just nothing special. The flavor is not great. My burger wasn't even that warm by the time I got home, which is only a mile away. And it was 154 degrees inside my car. How does it get that cool in that quick of a time? Again, another place I'll probably only return to for the Dr. Pepper. Clean place, good service, good energy, not so great food.
4	So I will first admit that I am a Southern Californian transplanted to Phoenix. So I am biased and I love In N Out Burgers and Fries I order the #1 animal style. Which for those of you who don't know the secret language that is at In N Out, that is with grilled onions, lots of pickles and spread. Oh and today I learned something about the burgers being grilled with mustard. Who knew...not ME!!Oh and I took an Newbie, an East Coast Newbie none the less today. Guess what?!?! She loved the burger...but not the fries! I really think the fries are an acquired  taste, especially if you are a McDonald's fry fanatic...All that fake beef flavoring is hard to compete with...ya know some people just like fake flavor...not the fresh cut and fresh cooked fries that are In N Out's I get that In N Out is a regional burger place. I think that just because you don't understand the appeal doesn't mean it isn't good and has lots of people who love it...and at times CRAVE it!
3	Great burgers.
4	Given a choice of fast food burgers, when I'm in In-N-Out Burger territory, In-N-Out wins everytime.Like most other fast food burgers, theirs is a thin patty.  The patty itself is good but I think that it's the sauce and the bun that make the burger distinctive.The menu is uncomplicated---You can get a single burger, a double burger or a cheeseburger.  Plus you can get just a burger or the combo which comes with fries and a soda.I tend to get my cheeseburger without the onions because there are way too many onions on it for my liking.  For me, too many onions can overpower the rest of the contents.The fries are quite good when fresh and hot.  When they cool off, they're just so-so.  The buns have good flavor.  Most fast food burgers come with a tasteless, bland bun but In-N-Out has a very flavorful one.  To me, it tastes buttery with a  hint of salt.  The sauce looks like French dressing but yet adds a decidedly different flavor to the rest of the toppings.  I wish I could explain just what that flavor is---I only know that it's good!One drawback---the burgers come out wrapped in white paper that exposes half the burger.  This is ostensibly done to make it easier to eat.  Yet...under the white wrapper is a brown wrapper and I can't tell you how many times I've taken a bite of my burger only to later discover that I bit off some brown paper and ate it along with the burger LOL!  Oh well!  A little extra roughage is always a good thing :)!Every In-N-Out I've been to has been very busy to the point that sometimes it's tough to find a table---Even tougher when you have a large party.  In-N-Out attracts a diverse group of people---young and old, rich and poor and everyone in between.  Good for them for having such a huge customer base!
3	I order a burger protein style and didn't realize how thin the patties are without the bun.  Next time I will order a double double or even a triple if possible.  There were more veggies than meat.
5	Fast service.  Good food.  Great milkshakes.  Unbeatable prices.
3	Now, if you look at my past reviews, you will know that I usually give this place 5 stars... no matter where, no matter when. This time, it was just not so much for me. The store was clean, the ingredients were fresh....I got my animal style burger.....but something seems off....I'm wondering if corporate came down on adding less salt? The flavor profile just seemed off. And to be fair, i ate there 4 times in 4 days!! LOL!
5	I went here last night, and it was a great experience.  I ordered 3by3 with grilled onions, fries, and a drink.  My mouth almost dropped when the dude told me the total: $7.80!  I'm gonna eat here more often.The staff was nice, the girl callin out the orders didn't hump your leg, but was still attentive.  Fries weren't oversalted, burger was cooked well, and the Dr. Pepper tasted gooood.  5 stars.  Keep up the good work in-n-out.
3	This location hasn't been on point when taking orders via drive-thru. So if you're in a rush I would pass this location up.Burgers and everything else is still good, but if I can't trust that my food comes out the way I ask and pay for... Then why bother going back.This location hasn't been on point when taking orders via drive-thru. So if you're in a rush I would pass this location up.Burgers and everything else is still good, but if I can't trust that my food comes out the way I ask and pay for... Then why bother going back.
4	Did our Christmas Angel that day and stopped off to grab some quick food. I like In-N-Out no matter where it's located. My only issue with this one is with the french fries. They must have been sitting in the tray waiting to be matched up with a burger order because  ours were limp.Maybe I should order their twice cooked fries.
5	Clean, friendly service, delicious food. Everything that you'd expect from In-n-Out, w/ out the line!I was very surprised that one a Saturday afternoon this place was practically deserted. We were greeted promptly, by just about the smiliest (thats a word, right?) guy Ive ever met. Our food was out w/in about 5 minutes of us leaving the counter, and of course it was delicious.A much better choice than the "new" food court at Fiesta Mall.
5	Best burger around, but then I am favoritist to this place for a reason. Pricewise, they are decent and you actually get a combo, as opposed to Smashburger and Five Guys where their items are ala carte, hence you spend more money. I am not a fan of cheese on hamburgers (yes, I know...I am WEIRD), therefore I order the #3 combo. Once in a while, I will either get the burger or the fries done Animal Style. Sometimes I will get a Strawberry Shake instead of a soda too. Their shakes are really good and hit the spot when it comes to sweetness for me. Usually it's the ice cold Diet Coke that lures me though. The only drawback for me is that they don't have Coke Zero. Coke Zero is my absolute drink of drinks and if it isn't offered, I resort to Diet Coke or once in a very blue moon, regular Coke or Dr. Pepper.The service is pretty good although if it's super busy there may be a bit of a wait, but well worth it by the time you get your meal.
5	In N Out never needs a review.  It is In N Out, you can never go wrong with In N Out!
4	This In-N-Out isn't as busy as the ones in Chandler and Tempe, which is nice since you can get your order made quicker as a result. Service is fast and friendly like the others, and our animal style fries and burgers were piled on with toppings, very nice! It looked like they added more fries to our order than at the other locations, which I appreciated. The only negative for me was that the A/C here runs very cold, so the cheese on our fries congealed into a cold mass soon after we got our order. Boo for cold cheese on fries!
3	Great food -- it's a chain, so no surprises here -- but the drive thru line is always slow.
5	The first time I ate the fries, I hated it. But then, I got used to them. Now, they taste really good! I eat at In-N-Out Burger so much. Food is usually healthier. It's relatively cheap. And Service is pretty good if the employees are competent.I eat pretty healthy and I eat a lot. The best thing about this place is you can eat a lot in a healthy way for cheap. So just protein style hamburger (the custom order where they replace the bread with lettuce). Then just add extra onion, extra tomatoes and extra pickles for free. That's like a salad in itself. And for how much? $2.11 with tax. Not bad. ;)If you really want to pig out, then order the animal style fries. It's not healthy. It has cheese and dressing and whatever they put in there. Or a 4x4 and some fries and shake. It's good. Just not healthy. But I love this place!
3	Fresh, reminds me of Johnny Rockets.  Nothing spectacular but definitely good food for low prices.
5	SIX STAR REVIEW: Everything you already love about in-n-out. Plus, one time my car broke down IN THE DRIVE THRU (facepalm, smh, embarrassing) and the employees didn't even HESITATE to come help me push it through (i mean it makes sense, they can't have a car blocking their drive-thru, that's bad for business was like 115 degrees that day and they ran out to help me!) So nice! Did you know they have a secret menu? Of course you did who cres have you seen their REGULAR MENU?? Actually i usually order a 4x4 or 5x5 cause I like to practice unhinging my jaw. Put fries on your burger. Eat it. Thank me later.
5	This was the first time I have ever been to a(n) in and out. Fast friendly service. Reasonable prices. Best burger I have gotten from a non mom and pop shop. This in and out is by the fiesta mall, more off of alma school than southern. Not a long wait in the drive thru either.. I will definitely go back!
4	Love Love Love...........nom nom only one little hiccup.......the shakes were very foamy.....not thick and creamy like other in n outs .......
4	Great food as always just the slowest drive thru of any of the in n outs in the area.
5	Just when I think that we have enough burger joints and we need to axe 'em all, I go back and visit In-N-Out Burger! They are still tough to beat. Their fresh, never frozen burgers still keep me coming back. While all the new burger places claim some gimmick or another, In-N-Out just has good friendly service, great burgers, good fries (not my favorite, but still pretty decent) and a simple menu. They always keep the place nice and clean. The crowds speak for themselves!
4	So, I finally tried this place after living in Arizona for 2 years... People out here in AZ say it's really good food for a drive thru hamburger joint.. I would agree. It is much better than McD's, Burger King, Wendy's, etc.. They only serve hamburgers, fries, drinks, and milkshakes. I guess that's why the burgers and fries they make are pretty rockin'!
5	Every time I make it back to the West, I always stop here first. Favorite location bar none. Never disappointed no mater what time I visit. I can always count on the same warm fast pace service, amazing food, and the friendly staff. Love love love.
4	Love the fact that you can get filled up at one of these Burger joints and not let it break the bank. The food is always freshly made and the service is very friendly.This particular location is in the Fiesta Mall parking lot and it can get pretty busy during peak hours. Usually get here before the lunch rush and eat quickly so I can get back to work in a hurry.3X3 with Onions, add Pickles and Chili Peppers, please. Sometime I'll treat myself to an order of their tasty and freshly sliced French Fries. Definitely can't resist a giant pile of the spicy complementary Chili Peppers. Oh Yeah!They have several ways that you can order your burger here. Just do a quick google for their Top Secret ordering instruction and you will be amazed. Animal style is a typical favorite and you will probably see a few during your visit.See ya there next time and remember to enjoy the moment. Life is Good. SAY CHEESE!3.75 STARS
4	Today, I went to In-N-Out Burger for lunch. I got a Cheeseburger Combo which included a Cheeseburger with Grilled Onion, Tomato, and Lettuce on a Toasted Bun, Fresh Hand Cut French Fries, and a medium Fountain Drink - Coca Cola products!  I liked how the beef patty was thin and the burger didn't make me feel bloated.
3	Like every other middle of the road In-N-Out burger joint I've ever been to--this one was full of all the same things: way too long of a wait, a simple and perfectly satisfactory burger, and some of the nicest dang kids running the place.I was sent on an errand from someone else, which I don't mind. Sure, I'll pick you up a burger. What I didn't love, was the huge wait. I opted not to get in the drive-thru with 15+ cars ahead of me, and instead went in. I got my order in okay, but still sat there for the better part of a half hour to wait for two burgers and a shake.Price isn't bad, but there are at least a dozen other places I'd go before In-N-Out that are more interesting. But hey brah, if it reminds you of your childhood, then go right ahead.
