3	I stopped in to check out this new restaurant and get some bubble tea. The place is well decorated and has a nice atmosphere. It was pretty busy for lunch when I arrived. They seem to be well-staffed with friendly people. They offer bubble tea as well as smoothies. Not a ton of flavors, but a decent selection. I ordered just a milk tea, which was served up within a few minutes. You can taste the tea, though it has a bit of a strange, artificial aftertaste. The boba were nice and soft, a little underflavored, but in all pretty decent. I will be back to check out the food as well.
5	Nice atmosphere, friendly staff, and great food! The General Tso's Tofu was just right. I'm looking forward to my next visit.
4	I was driving by when I saw their sign for Boba Tea -- I knew I had to go in.  My love affair with milk teas and tapioca pearls will never end.  Morgan hit the nail on the head when she said they have few flavors.  I was surprised to see that there are less than 15 flavors on their menu.  What made it worse is that they don't have almond.  How can any Asian place NOT have almond flavor?  I moved on and ordered the Taro milk tea with pearls.  For those that have never tasted Taro, it tastes quite a bit like pecan.  After I paid, I received my purple drink and ran out the door like a child with a new toy.  As I took my first sip, I was a bit shocked due to the sweetness.  Wow!  That was a lot of sugar.My next trip, I ordered the honeydew at the suggestion of the associate behind the counter.  I told her that I wanted it less sweet.  She said she only put in a drop of the sugar compared to what they normally put in.  Amazing how the sugar can mask the flavor of the milk tea.  While I enjoyed the honeydew, it wasn't a flavor that I would crave.On my third trip, I ordered the taro again and this time had them put in only a drop of sugar.  It was SO much better.  While I will never crave the taro, it will definitely help quell my need for milk teas.  Talking to the owner, I learned that the remaining flavors she carries are the flavors that actually sell in the area.  I wonder if she would order the almond or pineapple flavors for me if I paid for them?
5	Spending a great deal of time in the Southside of Pittsburgh (still not sure if that's a good or a bad thing) I was really excited about Carson Street's new addition. The last time I had Asian food in the Southside it was at a shady place that looked more like a Laundromat than a restaurant and the food tasted a lot like gasoline. The interior of this place is beautiful. High ceilings, large windows in the front (both times I've been there they've been wide open and inviting in the fresh air), and a great color palette. I've heard though that on the weekends in the evening the open windows sometimes invite in not only fresh air, but also some solicitation from the roaming homeless and drunks either asking for money or doling out insults or sexual harassment to the restaurants customers.  I've been in twice now and both times I've chosen items off of the lunch/dinner menus as they were quick and clear in what was included. The staff was quick and friendly, I even had a chance to speak to the owner at length about future plans to better and expand his business. While it does have that slight air of a new business just getting off the ground, it's not at all reflected in the food options. I definitely recommend this as an option when you're looking for a break from the usual bar food found on Carson Street.
3	Nice new little place very friendly wait staff and my water was never empty. Good selection on the menu with reasonable prices.I ordered the Seafood udon and everything in it seemed very fresh and the broth was light yet tasty. I will definitly come back to try a few more items.
3	nice decor. moderately priced. food could be better. order pan fried noodles, with noodles on the side (to keep them crispy)result - very little noodles provided and very oily.  and as a result half of the noodles were no longer crispy.service could be better.  on a slow night. with the food not coming out all at the same time. some of the food was not hot.
3	3.5Fresh veggies and decent prices. Sauces are light and the food isn't swimming in grease. I wish their lunch specials came with soup instead of an egg roll but beggars can't be choosers.
4	I decided to bump it up to a 4 because I had the sesame tofu which was delicious. Everytime someone at work wants to get takeout, I'm always hoping Lin's wins the vote.Lunch portions are perfect.
4	Best Ho Fun that I have had since leaving home, it was so flavorful and just perfect!!! Also the lunch specials are killer, 2 sides and fried rice for only $5.95!!! I really want to dine in at this restaurant as I have only had take-out so far!
2	Not too much fusion here.  This is very traditional Chinese fare.  Prices aren't bad, but don't expect much value.  Our waiter was very unattentive despite an empty dining area.
3	Another BYOB in Southside! WOO HOO! I went here with a man friend and on a rainy saturday night.  The menu has a bit of a take out vibe, its even numbered like a take out menu. The menu is definitely more extensive than Thai Me Up right down the street. The interior is pretty for such a causal place (perfect people watching windows out front). We both started off with soups Tofu Veggie for me and Egg Drop for him. My soup had big chunks of veggies and tofu in a tasty broth.  I order the Curry which was a yellow curry with shrimp and veggies. I thought it was strange that they only offered one kind of curry. The dish came with rice and the portion was huge! It was solid and spicy. Service was attentive but the place was dead! PROS: Cheap, BYOB, nice interior, friendly staff, large menu with different protein options, large vegetarians options CONS: The food was good but it didn't blow me away, the place was dead on a saturday night ( like 2 other tables), quiet OVERALL: Might come back for a quick bite but its not going to be a "Go-To" for me. Although the BYOB is a huge plus!
1	The manager is really rude! They deliver for a minimum of $10 and my order was $9.60 and they wouldn't do it! And I'm only 5 mins from them! We order everyday and now we are boycotting this establishment because they had a rude manager! Fire him and you'll get my business back.
2	Poor service even when they were not busy the night my wife and I had dinner.  The food was bland for "Asian" cuisine.  It seems the South Side will always have subpar "Asian" restaurants whether it be sushi, thai, chinese.
3	A really nice atmosphere, nicely decorated and I do love that the windows open to the sidewalk.The food I think ranges from just OK to OK.  It's not great.  My husband LOVES the Hot & Sour Soup.  It's very spicy.  The Egg Flower Soup is ok.  The wontons in the Wonton Soup were way too thick and doughy for my taste.  The broth was fairly bland.The Crab Rangoon and Egg Rolls are ok... as is the General Tso's Chicken.  The Kung Pao chicken does have a nice kick.  The Chicken Teriyaki is nothing special.  The hot teas I've tried were very good.  I'm not a bubble tea fan, so I haven't tried any of those.Overall the food is kinda meh... but it's beautifully plated if you eat in and the atmosphere is nice.I might stop in to eat if I'm in the mood for Chinese in the South Side, but I won't get it to go again.
5	I went to Lin's today for about the 8th time.  I've ordered something different every time (always vegetarian), and every time I've been really happy with, and sometimes blown away by, the food.  Lunch portions are great, with lots of fresh veggies.   I really didn't want to like this place more than Thai Me Up which is right across the street, but I have to say--this is the best Asian food in the Southside.
4	I really prefer to visit a place a few times before rendering a verdict, especially when the menu is varied, but I was so pleased to discover the pad thai at Lin's is pretty delicious that I have to let Yelp know right now.I now work in the South Side, but far enough off Carson that most of the delicious restaurant offerings aren't within walking distance (given a half hour for lunch). I noticed Lin's as I drove in to work one day and decided I needed to give it a shot; this was only reinforced after a coworker went for lunch and deemed it Tasty.So, on a payday, my craving for pad thai won, and I called in an order. I asked if they had bubble tea; it's not listed on the takeout menu, but they do, so I added a milk tea on to my order. I walked down and my order was ready when I got there -- perfect timing. I did have to wait for them to make the tea, but I understand that it doesn't make sense to prep an iced drink ahead of time and have it sitting there getting warm and watered down.The pad thai was pretty darn good. It wasn't the best I've ever had, but I liked it more than I like, say, Lulu's. Which I also like! So that's a win. It's got that combination of hot and sour and sweet and salty that is what really makes me crave it, and the shrimp were plump and flavorful. I'd definitely have this again, and am in fact contemplating getting it today, now that I'm thinking about it.The bubble tea was good, fairly standard bubble tea. Plenty of tapioca pearls, thankfully, and a good, strong black tea flavor. I couldn't find the bubble tea flavors listed while I was in the restaurant, either. I wish they'd make them more obvious.All in all, it's no Thai Cuisine or Thai Suan Thip, but as a quick and reasonably priced takeout lunch at work, Lin's gets four stars from me.
5	Three words. Avocado Spring Rolls. Lins is delicious oriental food with flair, while some menu items might look familiar it's not your typical Chinese takeout place.  I'm partial for the honey chicken dish and the General Tso's chicken. The staff is always friendly and goes out of their way to make your experience enjoyable.
1	horrible service and food.  i placed a delivery order and was told it would take 30 minutes.  it took almost 2 HOURS to get my food!!  ridiculous.  what if i wasn't going to work that late and i had paid for it already?  when i called to see where my food was, i got a litany of excuses about them being backed up, lost driver (delivery was going downtown - not complicated), etc., etc.  uuuh, not my problem.  you're running the business, remember?  you're supposed to do what it takes to deliver on all levels - e.g. hire more staff, get knowledgeable drivers, get a GPS.  i pay you to make and bring the food in the time stated, period.  if they were a little late, no problem, but 2 hours is UNACCEPTABLE!of course, by the time i got the food, it wasn't hot, wasn't good, and certainly wasn't worth all the trouble.  when i made a big stink about it, they offered me a deal the NEXT time i ordered.  yeah, as if i'm going to go there again.
3	If I could give Lin's 3.5 stars I would.  While I have never had a bad meal here, I have never been blown away either.  I guess as far as Americanized Chinese food (not seeing the "fusion" here) goes I think middle part of the bell curve is quite large for me.  That being said, this seems to be my go-to spot when ordering Chinese food in the South Side.  I have had the beef noodle soup, General Tso's tofu, sesame chicken, spring rolls, egg rolls, and the pad-thai.  All were pretty solid.  I have not visited since they put in the new bar addition; I hope this doesn't affect its status as a BYOB restaurant.Pros:-Speedy Takeout-BYOB-Clean Dining Room and Bathroom
4	the money was really good. the food was heavenly and the price was pretty affordable
4	I like their bubble tea, they offer hot and cold bubble tea with many flavors. The food is good too.My Order: Original (Milk Black) Bubble Tea
4	Great tasting food, but their portions are a bit lacking. I feel like I need to buy a sandwich after I eat here.Staff has always been very nice and patient.
2	I love bubble tea.  I was SO excited to come here just because they had it.  It was just.... mediocre.  Same goes for the food.  I feel like you could go to an Asian place in a mall foo court and get something that would be more flavorful.  I was pretty disappointed since I had higher expectations from the reviews.  To top it off, I had a pretty nasty stomach ache almost immediately following the meal.  My advice is to venture down Carson Street - you're bound to find a better option.
4	My husband and I went here to celebrate our anniversary. I had the coconut chicken. It was unbelievable. Lightly fried chicken in a creamy coconut sauce with broccoli and white rice. We ordered the avocado spring roll, and I found that a bit odd. Tasted more like a crab rangoon. I did not taste or see any avocado. My husband had the Szechuan shrimp with the honey chicken. He enjoyed the shrimp very much. Bit into a hot pepper and had to leave the table!Our waiter was very attentive and sweet, and I enjoyed the ambiance and decor. It was fun looking onto Carson Street while eating.My only con is the $3 per person corkage fee. Fees at byobs really annoy me.
4	I usually go here every few months when I stop by Kyklops Tattoo. It's in walking distance and the bubble tea is delicious! I love the variety of flavors you can get, but the plain milk tea one has to be my fav. I've never had a meal I didn't enjoy here, it's all around good food. Fried rice is really good. The interior is pretty and has always been clean and tidy, and I've had several really friendly servers that made my meal even better. If I don't have time to eat there I'll usually just run in and grab a bubble tea and one more for the road.
1	We ordered take-out Chinese on a cold snowy day. Prior to placing the order, we called to confirm that they were in fact delivering, and they reassured us they would could deliver in 45-60 minutes. We live approximately 5 blocks away and had a very small order (two lunches) so were confident this could happen and placed our order. They did not arrive for an hour and forty minutes. We were not too upset--the weather was bad and these things happen; although, had they been honest and told us it would be an hour and forty minutes, we would have bundled and walked the 5 blocks.There was only 2 inches of snow...hardly the worst weather conditions for Pittsburgh.  We also learned that the first driver wasn't able to come so our food was prepared about an hour before we actually received it, and the quality showed--it was cold and dry. Pretty terrible, but we were starving and aren't really complainers--we even still tipped them 20% Then, the real kicker came: we got a call that they would be returning to our house to collect money for two sodas they forgot to charge us for. After delivering our food 50 minutes late, and letting it sit an hour, and still receiving a tip, they wanted their money for soda. Funny enough, when they wanted to come collect their $4, they arrived to our house within 10 minutes. I complained about how late our lunch was to the manager and that it is disappointing that he would have a driver make an extra trip to collect the money for the sodas after our food was so late and so cold and terrible. He said he apologized but the roads were "really bad."  Hmm...but not so bad to keep you from coming back for your $4?! In the end, I told him to take the $3 tip already paid and gave him one dollar so that they returned to our house, in "really bad weather" for a single dollar.  As a side note, even with perfect customer service and under the best conditions, the taste and quality of the food would be similar to that of a food court in the mall. If you're in the Southside and want cheap but good Chinese food, go for Chan An.
4	I haven't had a problem with this place so far so I don't understand the bad reviews. I do usually order take out and it takes between 15 min to 45 min which isn't bad. I love their spicy garlic entree and bubble tea. Will continue to order take out from here.
5	This is anything you could want in lunchtime. Fast, tasty, fresh ingredients. Berry attentive staff. Call ahead and get takeout, it is usually ready within ten minutes. This isn't gourmet but is much better than any other Chinese on the South Side.
4	First time here and had the excellent Kung Pao and Tso's combination with an egg roll and fried rice. Other reviews mentioned small portions and poor service but I didn't encounter either of those today. Will definitely be back.
4	Initially I didn't like the place. Since, it was so close to my workplace, I go there often. It is a nice place to a quiet lunch. The food is good, affordable. I don't know how authentic chinese it is, but it kinda caters to my taste buds.
4	Portions are good, so a high price is justified. Highly recommend coconut chicken! Amazing flavor, and class apart taste! Food much much better than schezuan gourmet! However, I didn't like the appetizers much - spring rolls and crab rangoon. Schezuan does a better job on those two.
2	Hrm so I feel like when I have a craving for Chinese Food I want flavorful delicious Chinese. Unfortunately, Lins Asian Fusion is definitely not that. I ordered their Dinner Bento which is around $9 that comes with fried rice, beef and broccoli, and general tsos as well as some vegetable gyoza (pan fried)... I mean honestly how can you screw that up? Well Lins did. The gyoza were burnt and the beef and broccoli/general tsos was bland. Apparently as far as the southside is concerned good Chinese might be a rarity.I guess I'm done ordering Chinese from Lins I'll stick to china house in bloomfield.
1	August 29 my coworkers and I ordered, first they sent me the wrong food, second I had a hair in my food! I used to always love Lins but not anymore. Hint...maybe wear a hair net and hair pulled back.
4	Nice selection of decent Chinese food in a pleasant setting.  Tasty noodle dishes.  Portions are adequate ( not huge) and the service was fine.  Location in the middle of the South Side can't be beat for wi dow shopping.
5	My boyfriend and I loved it. Portions are perfect. I got the L2 and he got the L9. Prices are good also. We got 2 meets and fried rice and an egg roll for $8.95. !!
3	This is good typical Asian food. They have different, and delicious, drinks which I want to keep going back to try more and more. I love the frozen/icey one! Its perfect for a hot summer day. The food always comes out so fast, like 10-15 minutes fast, and I have never been disappointed. Its fresh, healthy, and quick!
5	great place for Chinese food.  excellent prices excellent food quality fast and free delivery.  its usually at my door in under 15 minutes piping hot.
3	We ordered delivery from here the other night. My normal chinese spot closed early so I had to scramble to find another one. I'm really picky about ordering chinese. I wont try too may places.I decided to give Lin's a call. We've walked by a million times and almost stopped in a few times, but decided to not eat chinese that day, so I was excited to finally try it.We ordered the General Tso's chicken and the Sweet & Sour Chicken. The general tsos was fine.. my sister said it was some of the best shes had.. I do have to admit that it wasn't bad.The sweet and sour chicken was also good. The sauce actually has pineapple and green pepper in it- nice touch! We also ordered 4 spring  rolls. (They come by 2's) Holy canoli those are the smallest rolls ive ever seen in my life! They were probably the size of my ring finger (length & width) I love a good spring roll but i also like to taste it too.Decent chinese takeout!
