2	I have been looking forward to trying this place since I first heard several months ago that they were opening in the old Eddie's Place spot by Earthfare AND that they are known in Cary for having an awesome breakfast menu. After what seemed to be a really extensive amount of time for renovations and/or redecoration, they FINALLY opened.  Even though I love good breakfast food anytime of the day, today I was just not in the mood for breakfast... plus I was getting a to-go order to take back to the office. I decided to order from the Light Bites section.  I decided on a 4oz Wild Alaskan Salmon... which, according to the online menu, also was supposed to include grilled pita points - but those were not included on my plate or in my take-out bag.    :-(    What was included on the side was a sort of fruity salsa (maybe mango) that didn't taste to me as if it was freshly made.  Honestly, it didn't taste bad, it just tasted like one of those jarred salsas that is mass produced and filled with high fructose corn syrup (which I try to avoid).For $7.99 the salmon was served with "fresh fruit  and your choice of homefries, French fries, macaroni & cheese or Brigs' Broccoli Salad". I tried to take a picture of my plate so you could get an idea of portion size - but my camera didn't capture the image (that damn media card is crapping out again!).  Anyway, let's just say, don't order this dish if you are hungry. (Good thing I had a Granny Smith apple back at the office, because I definitely needed it to round out this meal.) The 4oz fish was fine - exactly the portion size you would expect and it was cooked ok-lightly grilled or broiled with just a hint of seasoning.  However, the "fruit" consisted of one thin slice of orange (rind included), and one 2-inch wedge of thinly sliced pinepple (rind included).  Oh, and the fish was garnished with one thin slice of lemon (rind included) which I guess was part of the fruit that  they serve.  (I think that grilled pita points would have really added to this dish, so it was a disappointment that they were absent.) I decided to go with the mac & cheese as my side item since that is one of my all time favorite comfort foods.  But, that was the most disappointing part of my meal. I  had expected some sort of home-made style rich and creamy mac & cheese, but this stuff tasted like it came from K&W Cafeteria (which means it is flavorless and has an overcooked texture).  This is not a mac & cheese made for discerning adults.   It seems to be an after-thought slapped on the menu for kids who like boxed mac & cheese with fake cheese.  Gigantic thumbs down there! The hostess and cashiers that I encountered were friendly & helpful.  I noticed the same thing that Claudine did - the grey haired man (whom we both assume is either the owner or manager) is NOT a people person.  He wasn't rude to me but sort of barked orders at the staff  in front of me (which I think is a bad managerial style. If that is his normal demeanor, it may be best for the restuarant if he stays back in the office or at home.) While my first experience with Brigs was under-whelming, I will give them another try - but next time I'll dine in and I'll order from the extensive breakfast options.
4	A friend and I ate breakfast there this past weekend and we both really liked it. We arrived around 10:00 AM on Sunday and there was no wait at all - we got seated right away; though, within 30 minutes or so there was a queue. Lots of people waiting for a table an hour later as we left. I ordered a Belgian waffle, a side of bacon and coffee. Coffee was okay, normal restaurant coffee. Belgian waffle was delicious, light and airy, great taste and still hot (which is always an issue when eating out, as they seem to cool down really fast). The bacon was too crispy for my taste and I would've much preferred thick-cut, but it was okay.My friend ordered the french toast, also with a side of bacon. She orders french toast almost everytime we meet for breakfast! Let me say, it was a large plate of food, I think 5 slices of french toast and she ate almost every bite (and she's a little thing!) - she said it was fantastic.Our server was really nice and cheerful and the interior was clean and neat; though small. Lots to choose from on the menu and I'll try something new next time -- I'll definitely eat there again!
3	Stopped in for breakfast this morning right around 9:30ish.  There was no line and I was seated quickly.  I had my heart set on pancakes, but I was distracted by the September special, which happened to be blueberry-orange french toast..I placed my order for the french toast combo which was a half-order of said blueberry-orange french toast along with home fries and turkey sausage links.  I asked that the home fries be cooked well-done.  It wasn't even ten minutes before my food arrived before me.  From a presentation standpoint, the french toast could have been done better, as the blueberry topping and whipped butter was placed on the middle triangle, leaving nothing on the top triangle.  The home fries were well-done as expected and had a great flavor to them.  The turkey sausage was rather uninspiring and a little on the tough side to boot.The service was pretty top-notch.  Even when I mentioned the tough turkey, the cashier told me he wished I would have let them know sooner and investigated my complaint as soon as I finished paying.  Everybody I came in contact with was friendly.I'll come back again for breakfast (served all day) and to try those pancakes.
4	Stopped in for a late breakfast at 11:15. It was busy but not slammed. We didn't have to wait. We ordered hot cakes combo and Belgian waffle combo. The food came out in less than 10 minutes!  Both were great. Bacon crisp not burned, fluffy pancakes, great country ham. Scrabbled eggs cooked perfect! We will come again. Prices were reasonable too. Oh another thing...they give you a coffee carafe even for just one person. Never have to wait for a warm up.
3	After reading some reviews and seeing all the "best of" awards for their Cary Raleigh and Wake Forest locations, I was excited to check it out.  (I also saw it looked pretty busy while dining at Zeitouni the other day.) Unfortunately, the food didn't match the hype. I got one of their "famous" benedicts, one with blue crab and asparagus.  It came out with crab and shrimp.  Ok, I'll let it slide, the server told us she was new. The problem was the egg and the hollandaise.  The egg was poached too long and the yolk not runny.  The sauce was too thick and congealed with a dried-out film over the top. This dish came with fruit, and as indicated by Julia M. the fruit consisted of super skinny slice of orange, pineapple, and the kicker...mine had rotten grapes!  Three were indented and brown and shriveled. How could this have left the kitchen? The home fries were flavorful, which is great...but mushy.  They could have been mashed potatoes, in disguise.  Wish there was a crisp on the outside. My husband's pumpkin pancake on special was pretty good...but we've had better. His eggs and bacon and english muffin were fine, and what you'd expect from a casual dining restaurant. Bottom line, I feel like I wasted my weekend morning calories here..though gave them 3 stars for being friendly and prompt, and benefit of the doubt they're just going through opening pains.
2	Never got to try the food.  We were there on a Sunday at 11:15.  There was a wait.  We asked if we could be seated within 15 min as we had a 1:00 game.  No problem.  After 35 minutes there were still 4 tables ahead of us.  We left.  The host should have been more honest about timing, even if we couldnt wait, we would try another time.  Now I'm not sure.  Under promise and over deliver.
3	The 3 stars currently displayed as an overall average from Yelpers is accurate.  It's not bad at all, but it is also not outstanding either.  It almost makes me think that there aren't too many good breakfast joints in the RDU area for Brigs to take top honors.  It is definitely better than an IHOP, Denny's, or Awful House.  However, it is not as good as good as Original Pancake House or Flying Biscuit.I had an omelette which was fairly standard, but the cheddar cheese was more on top of it rather than cooked in it.  The eggs were also decent - cooked well and not runny.  My wife got scrambled eggs which were about the same as well as a large pumpkin pancake,  That was also decent.  We each got sides of fruit with our orders, and it was actually very fresh,  It was few grapes, a honeydew, a slice of a pineapple, and a slice of an orange.It wasn't too busy when we first arrived around 6pm on a Friday.  A few other tables came in as we were eating, but it was far from busy.  Our service was prompt and nice.  The chef even came out and asked how everything was which was a nice touch.  You don't usually see that in "cheaper" restaurants.Would I go back to Brigs?  Yes, but it also may not be my first choice for breakfast food.  I say go, but don't expect to be wowed.
1	We were big fans of the restaurant that held this location before Briggs.  So we were really looking forward to the opening of this new place.  We hoped that they would become our new favorite.  Large was our disappointment.The food was bland...really, really bland.  The atmosphere was that of a 1970s family diner.We politely paid our bill, left the rest of our food (we only ate a few bites) and left in search of something we could actually eat.
4	Finally made it over to Brigs for a sit-down meal instead of just take-out.  We got there right around noon and did not have a wait. This visit exceeded expectations due to the great service we got and the fact that the food was really good today.  David ordered the Alaskan Omelette which has blue crab, shrimp, cream cheese and is topped with Holldandise sauce. For his sides, he went with fruit and a honey wheat English muffin. The fruit side consisted of a little dish of grapes, a slice of orange, a slice of pineapple and a slice of melon. The omelette was huge and he said the flavor was very good.I went with the seafood scramble which also has blue crab, shrimp and cream cheese.  I had home fries and a honey whole wheat English muffin.  The seafood scramble was terrific - great flavor and very creamy. The potatoes were ok - not the best I've had, but certainly not the worst either.  I would definitely order this dish again.
3	Always on the lookout for a breakfast place. Had breakfast here today I ordered from the lite portion menu, one gingerbread pancake, one egg scrabble and 1 turkey sausage.  I enjoyed it very much the gingerbread pancake was flavorful with whip on it too.and maple syrup, So much for my diet I am on.   Hubby had the traditional pancakes with home fries that had a little kick(spicy) taste. He liked his.  Have to try the award winning Benedict's next time..
4	We made it to Brigs for a breakfast.  And I must say, I was a little bit dissapointed... So you might ask, Why 4 stars? Well I rounded up because of their service they provided. The food was good, but nothing that I believe I will ever crave.  The presentation of the dishes was very nice however.  The service was pretty good, we had a large group (19 if I am correct) and they filled the orders extremely quick and brought out all of the orders in a timely manner and at the same time, which is quite difficult to do. The menu seemed large.  But, upon further inspection, it was just drawn out to make it look larger than it truly was. The prices were reasonable, and I believe that I would choose Brigs over IHOP for the sheer fact that they most likely won't be as busy as IHOP.
2	"Shrimp and grits were OK, but certainly weren't "low country" style. Grits were runny and needed salt. Shrimp were tiny and seemed "canned " I would definitely come here again but would not order this dish."
2	My husband and I were regulars at Eddie's so we really wanted to love this place, but it falls short for me.  I've been there three times...two times too many, if I may be honest.  My husband really likes the potatoes at Brigs (we're from New England and have an affinity for home fries, as oppose to hash browns...and home fries are hard to find in/around Charlotte).  For me, the potatoes aren't nearly good enough to crave going there...particularly for the breakfast fare.  As a matter of fact, the last two times that we went for breakfast, my son and I ordered Chicken Tenders and a BLT, respectively.   They make a decent BLT and my son said that the chicken tenders were "OK", but we really wanted to like Brigs enough to make it our go-to breakfast place.   Service is pretty good, the restaurant is clean, and the menu "looks" great, but it's just not my cup-of-tea.  Oh well.....the search for a good breakfast place continues....
3	Stopped in for breakfast while staying at hotel across the street. The staff was pleasant and attentive. I ordered a short stack of pancakes. They were big, but as for taste it was eh. I ate em, but I've had better. Next time I want pancakes I'll find an IHOP.
4	Brigs is a hidden treasure in my opinion.They have really yummy food for really great prices. During the week they have Weekday Breakfast Specials for $5.99 with several different options like omelets, breakfast sandwiches, eggs, bacon and pancakes...the list goes on and on! And the portion sizes here are enormous!  They also have a great variety of brunch options like salads, sandwiches, and even some southern favorites like chicken and waffles! But this review is totally dedicated to my new favorite dish here: Shrimp and Grits! Now normally I am not a fan of grits, but this dish is slowly making me a grits lover. This dish has delicious creamy grits with a blend of cheeses and sauteed shrimp, bacon, bell peppers and caramelized onions. Then they are served with grilled pita points as a side. The grits are creamy and delicious, the bell peppers add a very welcome spicy kick to the meal and with the sauteed shrimp and bacon make it complete, each bite is better than the last and the pita pits are a delicious compliment to the dish. Overall, this dish was heavenly, I can not wait to go and enjoy it again!
4	Brigs is pretty good for the price.  The service is decent enough and the food comes HOT and FAST.  They are a small chain from the RDU area and seem to have more of a following in the Triangle.This reminds me of a locally owned Denny's style brunch place.
4	I went here for a late lunch in January. The menu has more breakfast items then lunch items. Inside, its quite nice with a upscale feel for such a local place. The lunch menu could use more items. I got a burger (An american cheeseburger isnt listed on the menu, but they can easily make it for you). Fries were good. Burger tasted great. If they can add a few more lunch options, this could be a great place. Ill def try breakfast next time. Service was fast and prompt. Try it!
3	I was originally going to the original pancake house but I came to try this place out Briggs in spite of some of the negative reviews to see what I thought of it so the country scramble. My dish was ok, tasted like Denny's food.. So I was not that impressed...
3	Just another breakfast/lunch place?  Yeah, but they have captured just about any style of breakfast you could imagine and want to include eggs with something, a nice variety of omelets, though not yet proposing really out there combos, like cow hoofs and pig tails, but some nice combos, skillets, scrambles, Benedicts, pancakes and toasts and then there are lunch options.:  Sandwiches, burgers, salads, soup + salad combos, etc.Quite a job to perplex and drive food grazers crazy with too many excellent options.  Breakfast options far outweigh lunch in quantity.The food was pretty average and only one salad dressing, a hot poppy seed for the spinach salad, was made in-house, so if you like soy oil, you will be fine.  Greek dressing was "greeky" but was OK.Had a nice server who was pleasant and supportive, but did not see her until we were finished and she then asked if we wanted more iced tea.  Patrons need to make themselves visible to compete with the crowd.Stay far away from the door.  We were not far enough being only half way into the restaurant, so were enveloped by waves of cold air each and every time the door opened.  Or you can bring a jacket and eat fast to enjoy hot food.No, we were not approached by the owner, but then again the place was packed.Lunch for two and two beverages was $26.04.  A bit high compared to Denny's and Perko's.
3	Had to go back and this time for breakfast.  There were four of us so we could sample the waterfront, as is said.  It was a weekday morning at about 9am so was not the weekend mob scene .Service was the usual outstanding with frequent check-ins, clearing of debris such as creamers, sugar packets, straw covers and refills on beverages.Menu is very complete of all the typical American ways that breakfast is served.  We ordered waffles, scramble, skillet and omlette.  All were good, ample portions and the syrup was warm...nice touch.Children are common diners and there are quite a few kid items to choose from.  And the noise level is tolerable but is enough to drown out a tempermental child.
4	I went to Briggs two days in a row for breakfast and I have to say I really enjoyed it.  The breakfast croissant with out the bacon was very good and not greasy!  I also indulged in 1 blueberry pancake and 1 pecan pancake, because the size of 1 is HUGE, I would recommend sharing which will help cut calories and fat. The service is really good and the ambiance is better than waffle house, IHOP & cracker barrel. I have not tried their lunch or brunch options, but I'm sure they are just as good with the portion being big.  Enjoy this one!
1	Worst hamburger I have ever tried to eat.  Salad was below mediocre.  Eggs were overdone.  Bacon omelet had no bacon, just bacon bits out of a jar.  Waitress just okay.  Managers/owners seem to be the problem.  Neither owner smiled once upon our arrival, during meal or upon our departure.  Never going back.  Should have picked up something at Earth Fare grocery (next door) and taken it home.  Really bad experience.
3	We went for brunch after church. We waited for seating for five while groups of four were being seated that came in long after we arrived. I was looking forward to the monthly special of blackberry pancakes, but they had already run out. I don't plan to return anytime soon. Also, the fried egg ordered over medium were over cooked
4	Stayed at the Ballantyne and came over to Brigs on my way home. It was well priced. My food was very good!  Malibu omelet (with avocado, tomatoes, mushrooms) was very good! Hashbrowns were good as well. My girlfriend got a light breakfast with one egg and bacon. Eggs were lukewarm but was good. Asked the manager to sit in a booth instead of a table. She was accommodating. Server was very friendly and on top of things. Would definitely come back again.
2	Saturday Brunch with my 2Favs is a weekly To Do (for the most part) & being still new to Charlotte we try to experience different restaurants until we find that SPECIAL place to make our weekly location.Today I logged into Yelp to see what was near by fit brunch & Briggs as well as Cast Iron Waffle appeared. We started at Cast Iron Waffle & once we found that they only served waffles & coffees with no sides (egg whites, turkey sausage, etc..) we quickly exited & headed to Briggs.The reviews were mixed but every restaurant deserves a try if the reviews aren't horrific. So a try is what we gave BRIGGS & our review is below. I had the Shrimp & Grits minus bacon & a side of egg whites:There was EXTREMELY TOO much cheese on this concoction plus the shrimp was those cheap nasty baby shrimp that I am not a fan of. The pita pints grilled on the side of the shrimp & grits were the highlight of the meal. The egg whites were greasy..The Mr. had a egg white Garden Omelette with a side of turkey sausage & honey wheat English Muffin:The omelette was average as well as the rest of the items. It was all edible & something he'd order again if we were to visit the restaurant again in the future.My mini ME had the Chicken & Waffles: As a chicken & waffle connoisseur the waffles were soft & the chicken tenders were fatty & extremely HARD & not tasty at all. Besides that the side of eggs scrambled with cheese were extremely runny & cheesy it seemed like a pile of wet fried cheese..Maybe we didn't get the right items but I can't promise that we will revisit this place again because we've found much better places to have brunch at in Charlotte thus far, HOWEVER if we do I will be sure to update my review if the food we try is any better.Service:The entire staff was pleasant & attentive, even the chef came out to speak & personally serve our table & a couple of the tables near us.
2	Been here a few times. Food is ok. Nothing amazing, but decent. My biggest issue with this place is the old man manager. For some reason each time I've been here he has been a total dick. I don't get it. The first time I was there he tried to to seat my family up against a group of large individuals. There was absolutely no way we could comfortably sit there, and since there was about 20 other open tables, I asked the manager if we could sit at a different table instead. He didn't like that request at all and threw attitude about it.  It was one of the moments where I just looked at my wife with an "is this guy serious?" Look on my face. Today I came in with some out of town guests, and when I said I was a party of 7 he rolled his eyes.. Wtf? This might be my last visit. I don't care how good the food is, a place is only as good as the service.
5	Brigs is by far my favorite place to go for breakfast and brunch! My only complaint is that there aren't more locations in Charlotte. Granted-I am biased. I moved to Charlotte from the Raleigh/Durham area where EVERYONE loves Brigs so I was so excited to learn about this location in Ballantyne. The service here is consistent with the experiences I've had going to Brigs weekly back at home: friendly, fast, and yummmmy!! My personal favorite is the traditional Belgian waffle but the French toast is a close second and their omelets are delicious!!
5	Breakfast was great. My wife and I split the Egg Benedict plate with a side order of bacon. It came with potatoes and fruit. For $11, it was a good option. Everything was cooked right and the hollindaise sauce was clearly from scratch.
3	Stopped in today for breakfast, around 9:30am. Surprised to find that there was no wait as this place is usually slammed for breakfast. I usually get one of heir awesome Benedict's  but was feeling bacon, eggs, and pancakes (was a late night with a lot of drinking). No surprises, everything was good as usual. The disappointment was my wife's choice of chicken and waffles. She's been seeing the combination on the food channels for a while now. I'm originally from Atlanta where you can get great chicken and waffles, so I warned her when I saw that hey were using chicken fingers instead of the actual chicken pieces (on the bone). It was just "ok", and the main issue was that the waffle was extremely under-cooked and doughy. She never sends stuff back, so she ate a little bit but left the majority on the plate. Hey sometimes it's just in what you order so I'll hit them with 3 stars instead of 4 based off her dish. I am usually pretty happy with their selection and consistency and will definitely go back.
4	Up to four stars.  I just am amazed at how complete their breakfast menu truly is.  And they have specials, to boot!Yes, lunch is doable and just as good.  Really like to go with wife on one of those cold mornings where we are early enough to be one of only three or four other occupied tables.  Like a home kitchen, chatting with the wait staff and enjoying the hot coffee as we dither on what to order this time.  Does get crowded, esp on weekends, so go early in any case and avoid the prime times for lunch.Nice people there and good chow.
3	I have been to Brigs for both lunch and breakfast. I'm a fan, but like others, I've had spotty service. Sometimes it is stellar and personable, and sometimes I feel like I'm inconveniencing my server. It's weird.Anyway, I can't eat eggs OR dairy, so going out for breakfast is usually not that fun for me. But at Brigs, I was impressed with their menu options during breakfast as well as lunch. The food is freshly prepared and tasty. I really can't complain! I love their broccoli salad and sweet potato fries. And they have daily specials that change regularly, so you can always try something new. Brigs is easy: Easy to get to, easy to find something you want to eat. Just wish they were a little more consistent from a customer service standpoint.
3	I came here for lunch with a group of coworkers (10 of us total). It is right by our office, within walking distance so most of us were familiar with the location and menu offerings. After we were the waiter took our drink order, he was a little slow because he was our only waiter with no help. I've been to the Brigs in Raleigh so I knew what I liked there and thought it would translate here, because it is a chain. I ordered the Count skillet expecting all of the ingredients, eggs, mushrooms, ham, bacon, onions, tomatoes to be baked together. When it came out I had 2 eggs over easy on top of all of the other ingredients. I was slightly disappointed, but I guess I should have looked at the menu more closely because that's what it said they do. The ham was also cubed here vs. sliced which between the two was the reason I didn't enjoy the skillet as much. The service was good, albeit slow, due to our group size. I would visit again, but maybe this time adjust my order for the location.
4	Everything here is good. Watch for seasonal variations on classic dishes depending on the time of the year.
4	This is a good place for breakfast with a wide-ranging menu. The skillets are excellent and when I've explored other parts of the menu, the food can be a little bland. The monthly specials are usually a pleasant surprise.
4	We've heard great things about Brigs, so we decided to check them out on a weekday to avoid the massive weekend crowd.  Their weekday breakfast specials are $5.99, so it was a great decision, and I have to say, best blueberry pancakes I've ever had.  They don't skimp on the size or blueberries and the pancakes are so light and fluffy.  My bacon was extra crispy (as requested) without being burnt, and the grits were creamy.  My husband had the croissant sandwich with eggs, cheese and bacon and said it was awesome.  Service was great and the food was fantastic.  We'll definitely be back to sample more of their huge breakfast menu.
