3	Since moving to Pittsburgh, I've been frequenting a very nice european spa on E. Carson St. for all of my spa needs, and I'm a big fan of that establishment.  However, I'm always looking for a better deal, and when I saw that a new nail salon was moving into a primo location on Carson, I decided to check it out, hoping it might be a less expensive alternative.  This place is just plain fun!  It's completely decked out in hot pink and purple, with leopard print accessories. Super in-your-face girly!  On the afternoon I stopped in, the flat panel TV's on the wall were playing VH1 reality shows.  Such a guilty pleasure!  What better time and place to watch than while being pampered  :-)  My nail tech Seth was great, he did a fabulous job despite the fact that he was juggling both myself and another client for the entire duration of both our pedis & manis.  And that's really my big complaint.  They didn't have a lot of nail tech's on hand to help incoming customers.  But instead of having me wait and come back at a later time, the owner just had the nail tech juggling two of us at once.  It would have been a lot nicer and more personal (and quicker!) if he had been able to focus solely on me during my pedi & mani.  I'm going to chalk this up to it being a brand new establishment and assume that they're not fully staffed yet.  Overall, the services are good, the prices are right and the atmosphere is super fun!  I'll still be visiting my old standby spa when I want pure relaxation and guaranteed service and quality.  But for my routine pedis/manis, the value and atmosphere here can't be beat.  They still have some staffing to do, but this place has tons of potential!  Once they get in their groove, this will definitely be a 4 star establishment.
1	Worst salon in Pittsburgh. I had my "solar nails"  or so the girl said done here. I was a little skeptical when she used white tips and not the white powder that make solars work but I went with it. She then failed to properly trim my tips - I walked out of there with the WORST set of nails I have ever had. Picture tramp nails - that's what I had. I had to go home and fix them myself.  To make matters worse they've lifted a significant amount in a very short period. Don't waste your time or money. They have NO CLUE how to do nails.
1	Despite the bad reviews on several sites, I still went to this place as I was trying to take my 4 yr old niece somewhere and this place advertised a gummi bear treatment. Which for $28, you get Manicure & Pedicure :Tiara :Small Gift :Nail Decoration :Polish application. Well that was wrong! Because for that much my niece only got the mani, pedi, and polish application. I was soo disappointed as I wanted my niece to have a special day and the special items. And I couldn't ask about it in front of her as I didn't want her to hear me and be disappointed. What made it worst was coming online and seeing on their facebook page that they have the following prices: Gummi bear full mani & pedi with tiara, design, and gift $28 or Kids mani & pedi without water, no gift, no design, no tiara $14. It's really upsetting that I paid $28 for a $14 service!!!! And it's even more disappointing that I need to find a new place for my niece and I to go as I am sure I don't want to be overcharged here again!
4	Much like another reviewer of South Side Nail Candy, I usually frequent a different spa on E Carson Street but because a friend recommended this nail salon and another actually got me a gift card, knowing my penchant for spa pedicures, I figured it couldn't hurt to try it out.I called on a day they were closed and the recording asked me to leave a message. I did; providing them what service I was interested, that I'd never been there before, my name, and phone number. I never heard back. This was a little disappointing, it just says to me that they're not interested in finding loyal repeat customers. I finally called back on Friday and made an appointment for Saturday at 11AM. I showed up early, because I'm always early. The front door was wide open which is really inviting. The ceilings are high and the space is open. You can see from the front to the back and right out the huge front windows.This is my first trip to a "nail salon" rather than a spa and I could see the small differences. I wasn't offered anything to drink, not even water. That's standard fare for a spa. The other major difference is that while it was a spa pedicure it wasn't very spa focused. I can't even imagine a non-spa pedicure in a nail salon. I'm used to the sugar scrub up on to my calves, the massaging of my calves and feet, the heated slippers before polish, air dryers focused on my feet to ensure the pedicure is completely dry, and a slightly neater around the toe nail bed polish clean up.Here is the thing that South Side Nail Candy has that no other spa I've ever been to has ever had... MASSAGE CHAIRS. I'm talking huge leather comfortable massage chairs. Not vibrations. Massage. It's decadent. I mean seriously... MASSAGE during your pedicure.Over all though, my toes look great and I was able to find almost the exact same color to do my own nails. I'd go back if I was looking for a slightly cheaper option than a spa setting.
3	Whoa pink overload! Very girly to the max. Needed a pedicure and was searching the area for a nail salon that was opened on a late Saturday afternoon. I was a walk in. They were busy so I needed to wait a few minutes which was no problem since they sat me in a chair below a tv with VH1's Mob Wives on. Nice selection of colors and brands.The woman who greeted me wasn't really friendly but the woman who did my pedicure was. We chatted the entire time and if I find myself in the area again for a pedicure I would go back to have her do my toes again since she did a nice job.
2	This place is hit or miss. I work in the South Side so it's probably the only reason I go there. Their customer service sucks half the time, & its very inconsistent. You are never sure what you are going to get, it all depends on who is working. But on the other hand, they do get the job done, so it will do until I find the time to find a new place, I'll continue to go here
2	This may be the girliest review I will ever write. Don't lapse into shock now, but occasionally I get mani-pedis. Mainly because I'm too lazy to take care of my own nails. Ah, yes. Now you're all back with me. I've waited to write this review because my experiences at Nail Candy have been all over the map. After a handful of manicures (HA! Get it? Whatever.) and pedicures, it's about time I wrote something. The best way to go about it is with a simple pros and cons list. PROs: It's a "cute" atmosphere. If you like that sort of thing. Lots and lots of pink. E! on all the TVs. It seems like a nice place to have a girl's birthday party, and they do offer this service. Monica is one of the best manicurists in the Pittsburgh. She may be sarcastic and perhaps even a tad misanthropic, but she sure as hell knows what she's doing. I saw her paint some very intricate designs on a very demanding customer's toes. If Nail Candy was full of Monicas, I would give it a much higher rating.Yes, they have massage chairs. But I must note that this is becoming a bit of a staple in nail salons. Many of my friends expect them whenever and wherever they get pedicures. Still, they have a nice little Disney princess pedicure chair for children. CONs: Nail Candy is understaffed, and the people they do have tend to be clumsy and ill-experienced. I've had polish and gel dripped all over my hands. Not a big deal in the grand scheme of things, but not very professional, either. The manicures that were not performed by Monica came out very sloppy. If I had more money, I probably would have paid to have them re-done right away.Nail Candy doesn't (can't?) take many walk-ins. I highly recommend making an appointment. With Monica. Over the years, it seems that Nail Candy has gone down in customer service and quality, but the prices have remained the same. I will most likely avoid it until they make some improvements.
5	I bought a Groupon for this place and will definitely be back. It was a manicure and pedicure for $23, and when I came in they offered me the option to upgrade to a Gelish (shellac) manicure for an extra $19. As a hairstylist, that is a must have!  Everyone seemed friendly, the lady that greeted me showed me to their wall of colors that include China glaze, Essie, and OPI... so there's a lot to choose from. The girl, Steph, that did my mani/pedi was sweet and did an awesome job. My toes still look perfect and my manicure has lasted through the holidays AND refinishing my kitchen countertops! Plus, they gave me an extra 10% off next time as I was leaving. A+
2	I received a Groupon for a mani/pedi as a gift. I decided to upgrade to the gellish.  The upgrade for both was really expensive, but I figured it was worth it since it would last a while.  Wrong...my nails were horribly chipped and completely peeling off in 4 days.  I did like how my nails were shaped and cuticles done, but gellish mani's I've had done elsewhere lasted 3 times as long. Huge waste of money even with the Groupon.
1	Cute place, TERRIBLE visit. When I walked it, there were no clients waiting anywhere but they insisted that I had to make an appointment for an hour later.. maybe because they hardly have staff? Then I waited 30 mins after my appointment time because the manicurist took her friend ahead of me. And she was cursing loudly enough for my friend and I to hear... just not a classy crew. I will NEVER come here again. To their credit, the manager offered me a "discount" next time lol - on a $17 manicure I waited 2 hours for? No thanks.
1	Unfortunately, I can not review what it is like to actually get your nails done at Nail Candy; but I can say that I will never attempt to go back.  I walked in with a friend who had an appointment and asked if I could get a pedi alongside my friend.  There was no one else in the place and 2 staff were present.  The women told me no  and that they had another appointment.  They didn't offer to do my nails in a half hour or an hour or anything, they simply said no and walked away!  I would have happily waited a half hour or even an hour.  I do not recommend this place.
5	Came in around 1pm for a quick lunch time mani and was greeted warmly and assured they would have me in and out before I needed to get back to work, which they did, and the mani is flawless.  I will be back!
