3	It's alright.  Not as good as TuttiBella.  Much nicer inside though.  Great that it's open late.
4	I like the concept of serve yourself what you want. I've been hesitant of trying any of these tart style yogurt places primarily because I was a pink berry fan and they did the tart yogurts and fruits first and the original is a well run machine. The flavors are nice and I like they have a lot of them but occasionally I'd get certain flavors and they're softer than they should be. Selection of toppings good, and they have various syrups more than just choco and caramel- they have like strawberry white chocolate, mango, etc. I usually get just plain tart...not that hard to get this one right. I wish they had green tea tart (my fave).Service- okay, they moved the line fast when I've come on busy days....I think they need to clean out the drop trays more as some of them were just puddled yogurt.This place is alright and so far the most convenient place to get yogurt. I'm on a quest to try ones around the west and north west areas to find a favorite spot close to home. All these higher rated yogurt shops are so far away and I'm not gonna go across town for yogurt. Plus that they are open fairly late. Heard they opened one on Ann and Decatur so I'm gonna try that spot out of this franchise.
4	I don't really do the frozen yogurt thing, but I recently visited this place thanks to my darling clever niece and the 100+ weather. I have to say that the place is actually laid out very nice and the selection of frozen treats and toppings is pretty good. They have about 20 different flavors to choose from and everything is self serve. I'm not much of a sweets kinda person, unless of course it's ice cream, but even then I don't like all the candy coated sugar laden craziness like some other people do, so I went with the vanilla yogurt, topped it with fresh mango, pineapple, kiwi, shredded coconut and mochi (which they have labeled moochi to my niece and nephews delight) to create a deliciously cool little taste of the islands I have come to name the Alohaaaah. The kids got the usual colorful super sweet concoctions and they proceeded to devour them. We all agreed that our cool down desires were met. Definitely a good choice for the sizzling Vegas weather!
3	pretty standard fro-yo spot. they had a lot of yogurt flavors which is always nice. lots of toppings to choose from but some of the fruit was a bit questionable. some of it looked like mush. very unappealing. the taster cups are behind the counter so you have to ask for some. i had the pumpkin and coconut yogurts. both really good. the pumpkin had a nice light cinnamon taste to it and the coconut was very light and fresh in flavor. i'd come back if i was in the area.
4	On a random road trip to Trader Joe's on a 35 degree night somehow my roommate and I ended up at U-Swirl. Frozen Yogurt on a frozen Las Vegas night? What the hell was I thinking? Whatever it was, I am very happy that I went.The flavor and toppings selections are plentiful and delicious. I tried Red Velvet Cake along with a little Raspberry Pomegranate. I love any place that actually has fresh fruit as a topping because I feel it adds to the texture of the dessert.I feel like a big thing that kept this place from getting 5 stars was the fact that it was extremely corporate, unlike my favorite Poppy's down in Mountain's Edge. In order to sample a flavor you have to ask someone behind the counter and they will come out and give you a sample cup. I don't mind the idea of it but it feels like they are criminalizing their customers all for a tiny portion of frozen yogurt goodness. Aside from that the selection, toppings, and cozy yet fun ambiance make me excited to go back. Hopefully next time my hands won't be frozen before and after eating here.
4	Cute decor, lots of toppings, good price.  And taste-wise, it's just as good as any other froyo place in town.  Good flavors and a nice variety each time I've been.  The surly employees could use a little attitude adjustment, but luckily you don't have to deal with them too much.
4	This is in my top 2 yogurt choices.  Some friends of mine told me that U-Swirl was better than Yogurtland and to go give it a try.  So after a meal at Sammy's Woodfired Pizza, we decided to have to "healthy bacteria" dessert!  The staff was very friendly when we walked in.  I asked one of the workers what was different about them compared to other yogurt places being the curious guy that I am.  He told me that besides different flavors and toppings (many of which were the same though), that U-Swirl were the only ones that used 100% yogurt while Yogurtland and others used about an 85% yogurt/15% water mixture.  Whether this is true or not I have not a clue but I'll give him the benefit of the doubt.I then proceeded to self pour my tasty treat.  I had tart, cheesecake, berry sorbet, and coconut along with some fruity toppings.  Came out to about $7 or so.  After trying it I fell in love with frozen yogurt all over again.  As far as it being better than Yogurtland I honestly can't be sure.  The tart tasted the same as it does at Yogurtland and the other flavors were phenomenal.  They DID however offer more toppings which was a plus, but each place has its own unique toppings that other yogurt places don't have.  So its really luck of the draw.Overall this place was great, I don't think I have a favorite out of the two I just know I will go back again and again to either one!
4	This location is right next to my house, so I've been meaning to try it for awhile.I don't have a huge sweet tooth, but I do love me some froyo. They about 12 (I think) selections in yogurt, and a large selection of toppings. The flavors I remember are, vanilla, tart, cheesecake, strawberry, chocolate, cookies and cream. I tried the cheesecake mixed with the strawberry. It was pretty tasty, but I thought that the strawberry was just a little too strong, and it completely overpowered the cheesecake. Still good though, and super cheap. It's 36 cents a cup, so you really can't go wrong here.
5	They have a great selection and the store is always very clean. They also have a wide variety of toppings. Cashiers are friendly and pleasant!
4	Cold Stone - closed! TCBY - closed! That leaves U-Swirl as the closest "treat" store to my casa.We ventured into U=Swirl last week after discovering TCBY's demise and I was really impressed. They had an extensive array of flavors from which to choose along with a smorgasbord of toppings ranging from healthy to fat ass. I was in froyo heaven when I was able to recreate my Cold Stone fave: Birthday Cake Remix! I piled cake batter into my cup and loaded it up with brownies, caramel and fudge and rainbow sprinkles and it tasted (almost) as good as Cold Stone.Their seating section is really cute too, much better than what I've experienced at cold stone or tcby, with colorful couches and tables.Since it's so close to my home - this place is a keeper. Can't wait til summer!!!
2	Decided to try something other than yogurtland.The shop is dark, the window tint makes it look overcast outside. They had a lot of flavors, I got my usual red velvet cake and cake batter. The red velvet was much better than yogurtlands but the cake batter was bland and lacked a lot of pop. The toppings were plenty, they need to have lights on them though. And the fruit didn't look fresh, it looked frozen. The cashier could have kept her eyes forward instead of rolling them and sighing when my very independent 3 year old accidentally spilled some topping on the floor. She lost her tip from that.Oh and it was more expensive than yogurtlandReturn facotr? Nah.
3	I don't think anything beats Yogurtland.  I'm not into your normal flavors like vanilla, chocolate, tart, and strawberry. This is why I love Yogurtland because they come up with flavors like PB&J, or Salted Caramel pecan.  You can't get those cool flavors at U-Swirl. But they do  have great toppings to go with your normal boring flavors.  The shop is clean, and their open fairly late.  So if there isn't a better option in the area, this place will still fulfill your need for froyo.
5	My kids and I have so much fun here. The selection of yogurts is pretty awesome and the toppings bar has always been fresh and clean.The staff is usually some meek high school kid but to be expected at this type of establishment. Need to have a start ground for our youth. The location has been clean all the times I have been here. I would say that the lighting is a little low for a yogurt shop though. Has more of a lounge feel to it than a yogurt shop.
2	This was the first time I visited this particular location and I couldn't tell if the place was open because of the tinting on the windows in combination with the lack of lighting in the dining area.  This location is not as nice and the peach toppings looked...old.There are signs on the windows when you enter telling you not to take any photo's in the store.  Ew, as if.
5	This is by far my favorite froyo place in LV. They always have awesome and abundant toppings and the flavors are delish!On top of the excellent frozen goodness I recently had a mind blowing customer service experience . I came in recently after having been MIA through the colder months and saw my usual froyo girl mari. Apparently I had accidentally given her a wrong bill and had overpaid by $5 the last time I was in, which had to have been early December. Well, this amazingly honest girl saved my $5 for nearly 2 months!!!! Waiting for me to come in again! She could have very easily pocketed the money and I would have never known.  This girl earned some seriously good karma and my loyalty to Uswirl! Thanks again mari!
4	YAY! Stumbling upon this place was a very happy accident! We are huge fans of fro-yo and absolutely loved the flavor offerings at this location! Dulce de leche, toasted marshmallow, thin mint and blueberry pommegranate? YUM!Most of the dispensers were having a hard time keeping the frozen stuff actually frozen - but we won't hold that against them... this time :)
5	Best yogurt I've ever had. Way better than Golden Spoon, Yogurtland, and Cherry On Top. Very similar but better than Blizz Frozen Yogurt.
2	Place is ok. Not very good but just ok. I'd go somewhere else before choosing this place.
5	Yummy fresh toppings! ALways a variety, hand sanitizer before you get a bowl, nice atmosphere, interesting seating.
3	Not a bad yogurt place, but not a great one by any means. Flavors are mostly runny, and I did not like the "no sugar added" flavors and I usually favor those. The girl working was not friendly, although she was not rude either. I most definitely like Yogurtland better.Also, I hate yogurt places where the worker does it for you, and you have to awkwardly bother again if you want to try more flavors. The only thing this place has over Yogurtland is their pecan pralines. The only way I would come back here is if Yogurtland lags on changing flavors.
1	Last night was the first time visiting this location, I happened to be in the northwest running errands and was in the mood for some frozen yogurt. As soon as you start approaching it, they look like they're closed because of the dark window tint but no, they are open. Don't expect anyone to greet you when you walk in, the employees are just chatting away, off to a bad customer service start already. I  looked at the flavors they had and decided to settle on NY cheesecake and chocolate brownie. I don't know if it's just me but the yogurt was too runny, just think of a bowl of ice cream after it's been sitting for over 10 minutes. Move on to the toppings, door says they close at 11 pm yet the cashier was already putting away some of the toppings and it was a few minutes after 8, she asked if we wanted any of the ones she was putting away which was nice but I don't think you should start breaking down the line 3 hours before you actually close.Overall, if I was in the area and in the mood for frozen yogurt, I would rather travel a few minutes further away. Customer service and the texture of the yogurt is enough for me to shy away from this place.
4	Tons of toppings, interesting flavors, and seldom crazy busy (with both indoor and outdoor seating).
2	U swirl is my least favorite of the frozen yogurt chains. I have been to this one and the one on charleston. The yogurt itself seems much less smooth to me than other places- like it hasn't been frozen properly and thus has ice crystals in it. Granted I have only been twice, but each time I got two flavors (4 total) and they were all like that. Maybe that is something some people enjoy, but I much prefer the smoother Menchies style yogurt. The toppings- these seem to now be exactly the same at every yogurt place so since the yogurt itself is not as good I do not go back to u-swirl.
3	Decent froyo place- awkward location without much signage, right next to a one-way entrance to the small lot. Was put off by several signs posted saying that the location has 24 hour video and taking pictures is not allowed. Uh, why not?Product was decent. Tried the watermelon, sweet coconut, and praline flavors. Watermelon was creamier than expected and an odd purple color with a flavor closer to berry than watermelon, and it melted quickly. Praline was not particularly flavorful. But the sweet coconut was amazing!Life hack: get the sweet coconut yogurt plus mango topping and add mochi. Improvised mango sticky rice type flavors and textures!Service was okay- you aren't really spoken to or addressed by staff at all until you get to the register. I accidentally bumped into a small child and spilled some of my toppings, and the girl working was quick to wipe and sweep up my spill as I apologized profusely. She was friendly with the person ahead of me in line, who was a regular- and even inquired about the friend who usually accompanies her. Found the level of service provided to that patron to be extremely high and genuine.
1	Only based on the service! The girl cashier with the tattoo on her neck and two piercings on her mouth sucks. She obviously hates her job. It's an empty spot where you could easily greet someone who enters the door. I asked for a sample cup ignores me. My bf then asks for one she sigh's with annoyance. YOU HAVE NOTHING BETTER TO DO SO JUST DEAL WITH IT. I work in food and hospitality there are people who actually need jobs and would actually deserve it. This girl fails.
5	We love this place, great flavors and great toppings. The staff is always so nice. A few new flavors. U can eat inside or outside.
2	I'm a U-Swirl fan but the variety of flavors at this location is just lacking IMO.  If I'm going to go off my diet for some froyo it needs to be worth it.  I'll stick to the Charleston/Hualapai from now.
5	Came here because they were offering a 16oz yogurt filled up as much as you want with yogurt and toppings for $4. They have a ton of flavors and toppings. They also have cup dividers so you can put more than one flavor and they won't mix. So yummy!
4	How did I never review this place?  I lived down the street from this place since it opened.  I originally preferred Menchie's, but it eventually shut down.  I came to love U-Swirl as it gave me a chance to go get something for my sweet tooth without going overboard on portion size.  Nice staff, though there can be some annoying people there at times.  Even at 10pm on a Tuesday.  Be warned.
