3	I like that theres tons of stuff in this shopping plaza. Ross and DSW to name a few.I don't like that it gives off a really ghetto vibe. I.e. rude customers everywhere.Next time I need to go to target I would probably opt for the one on Tryon or in Ballanytyne.
3	I love Target! I don't stop by this one very often, but if I need to go here, I don't mind. It's in a great shopping center. The store is clean (even the bathrooms).If you need to take public transportation, it's conveniently located across the street from the light rail.
4	While this isn't my go-to Target (that would be Midtown Tar-jay), this location suits just fine if I'm bopping around South Blvd. It's your typical store (not a super Target), with plenty of well-stocked, super clean aisles, well organized stuffs and plenty of season items. Parking is pretty much a breeze considering that Target is on the far end of this shopping center. One point I must make is about the staff....Hubs and I were killing some time at this store before a matinee at the AMC next door and we were told to "have a pleasant shopping experience" by three different Target staffers. The first time it was nice, the second time it was odd and the third time I was laughing. But hey - I appreciate the well wishes, Target. You know I'll be back...
3	This Target is super convenient while shopping in the Carolina Pavilion shopping center.  The store is kept clean and the layout is similar to most Targets so it can be an in-and-out trip or a long leisurely shopping stop.Tip:  Watch out when crossing the street to get in... some crazy teenagers zooming through the parking lot to catch a movie at AMC may be lurking.  Okay - maybe it's just me but I've had too many "close calls" with people driving through.  The fact that there are speed bumps here make it more amazing to me!
3	I've yet to go into Target much, so for my first ever foray alone into one I chose this one since I was passing by on my way home. Walking in my impressions were, well it's clean, well lit, the people in the parking lot don't try to run you over. Excellent I like it already!I was looking for some he detergent and softener for my new washer and dryer and they have a huge selection down this whole aisle. Wow I was really lost at all the choices! Checkout is fast and friendly, so I'm happy with my experience here. I'd like it if they offered some organic options for the eco minded but I managed to get what I was looking for and get out in a timely manner and that's what these stores are built to do right?Will I come back? Probably until I can find some place with organic planet friendly laundry cleaning solutions.
4	I love this location, it's always busy but the associates are nice.It's also in a great location, just a quick turn off South Blvd and you are there! What also makes this location great, is that there are so many other stores in the same shopping center. Like Kohl's, Bed Bath and Beyond and Old Navy. But I digress....This Target is very similar to others, it's clean, offers good selection in clothing as well as other household needs. One of my favorite things about this location is the grocery selection. It offers plenty of frozen and perishable items to chose from and plenty of Market Pantry items which I love!!!Also, the employees here are very friendly, smiles walking in and walking out. And who doesn't love that?? Well done Target!
3	In the Carolina Pavilion Shopping Center, where South Boulevard meets I-485, this large Target has been an anchor for quite a while. It's not a "Super" Target, meaning that it doesn't have a full grocery section. They do have some food items, just not enough for a full shop.But otherwise, this is a full Tarzhay with clothing, electronics, personal care, automotive, housewares and such. Staff is pretty good. I've yet to have a "dud" shopping cart. All told, a decent shopping experience.
4	Located just off of 485 on South Blvd, this is your standard big Target (not Super Target, but large footprint Target store).  Just inside of the doors, you can find a Starbucks.  Within the same shopping center there is a Value City Furniture, McD's, Chick-Fil-A, Old Navy, Kohl's and many other retailers, in addition to a movie theater.  Beware of "C" parking for compact cars, which are rarely occupied by compact cars.  Although not the Target I typically shop at, this is a nice store with friendly employees and it's own security guard (very polite young man on my visit today).
3	I like this Target for a few reasons.  * The Starbucks baristas are some of the best I've come across... Fast, friendly and they know their way around a paper cup...  * They hardly ever sell out of the specialty Target Shops items... If I can't find something at Midtown or Rivergate, I come here and there it is... Just waiting to be picked up...  I guess that's not really good for them, but it works for me...  * Their pharmacy has some of the nicest workers around...  Always available to answer questions about any vitamins or anything health related... I dislike this Target for a couple reasons as well.  * It can be really disorganized...  Things are mislabeled or in the wrong spots...  * If it's slammed, it takes them waaaay too long to open new registers...  I've had to put items down and just walk out...Overall, it's still a decent Target... The employees are courteous and they have good sales...  It's just not my favorite one...
3	The Target location here is a good, "meh."  When I think of Target, I want to walk in and say, yes! I will get something.Location - easily off South Blvd, the tricky part?   The immense people who also goes to Target, and the drive in the parking lot was a bit of an annoyance.Place - The Target here is a bit smaller, than what I am used to.  It is a bit disorganized in some place, but overall, has the all the items, but not as much clothes selection in the women department.  If you want to get some certain essentials, this Target will have it.  If you just want to browse, and hopefully maybe do some damage, this place was not for me. Overall, it is nice to have a Target that has other stores in the vicinity...Wolrd Market, DSW, Old Navy, Nordstrom Rack, Golfsmith, Sears, and Michaels.
2	I remember the time when you would walk into a Target and the stores would be pristine; well merchandised and easy to navigate. Every time I visit this Target I'm constantly trying to maneuver around pallets of merchandise and rows upon rows of shopping carts blocking aisles. This morning I tried - in vain - to shop the patio section only to find it crammed with overflowing shopping carts...along with a full staff stocking shelves and returning merchandise to the proper departments. Shouldn't this be done before the store opens??? I do appreciate the friendliness and willingness to help displayed by all the employees, but that doesn't compensate for the sheer displeasure of shopping at this store. Dare I say it? I think I've had better experiences and that W store!
4	It's really good. Sometimes lousy checkout line and people. It's one of  the better ones. Thats all I have to say.
