5	A little bit of Tokyo in Montreal .Brought by the Kinka family .Okay how am I supposed to review this ..For once that I truly felt in love with such a restaurant in Montreal. A lot of people who know me knows that I'm a sucker for Japanese food --having had amazing experiences at Guu in Toronto and Vancouver. Although , the food is not 100% authentic , let's just say they nailed it in term of concept and food quality.My experience here was  memorable as I got the opportunity to visit this place during their pre-opening week. One of the first thing to note here is that their staff are new and I think it's going to take a hit of time for them to get down to their desired customer service and experience , I'm going to be fair and I'm going to say it was okay. Staff seems eager to get rid of your plates sometimes --without asking and eye contacts is not omnipresent. I guess those are things that they can work on.But so far , I did see the manager on the floor , telling them how to become more efficient and how to give the best experience to customers. A+ to that man , he managed Toronto's Guu in the last and he will be in no time manage to get this restaurant to it's full capacity in no time.Food experience was excellent.The Okonomiyaki was above average as compared to other places I've tried in Montreal. The pancake was just enough crispy to make me enjoy the squids! They didn't go overboard with their sauce either.The gyu tataki salad was the most memorable plate for me. this plate was not only refreshing but the beef sashimi actually tasted amazing. One has to try to explain the feelings I had while slowly biting and savouring my experience with this dish. Indeed, if you come here , I highly recommend trying this.The last dish I had taken was the Kimchi udon--I'll be honest , it wasn't great. I think it was a little bit overpriced and lacked some flavours. At that price , you could also expect a bigger portion when it's concern noodles and kimchi but it wasn't the case. Overall, I'll give this place 5 stars , from the moment I walked in and to the moment I walked out , I had a great izakaya experience. Although , it's not the perfect spot to drink just yet based on the crowd--I think it will only slowly become based on the service , food and my high expectations from Kinka family.Food wise it can definitely improve , and I hope it will as they can bring so many plates from their franchise. And to have a happy time , note that bottle of sake are not expensive, a group will easily have a blast with booze if they want.Do I plan to come back here in the future ? Definitely , and then I will re-review my experience to see whether they have match ,exceed or failed to respond to my expectations.
4	It may say Kinka on the door, but this is as Guu as it gets.I could talk about the experience for pages, but let's be honest... you want to hear about the food. The menu is the same as its Vancouver and Toronto counterparts, and is equally delicious. Highlights for me were the  baked oysters, seafood udon, spicy calamari, octopus balls, cod, the bibimbap, the fried chicken... you see where I'm going with this, right? Order basically anything off the menu, and you'll leave satisfied. Oh, and don't forget to wash it down with a plum wine mojito! Final note: if you're with a party of four or more, expect to wait. We were in on a Tuesday and waited for a table for over an hour. Not sure if they take reservations, but definitely worth trying.
5	Hey hey I'm NUMBER ONE fan of Japanese food. I went with a group of 4 friends. At the moment we enter the restaurant, all the employee Welcome us in Japanese +(wave) :D (This made me happy).They have a very nice place and seat where you can store your coat.We were only 4, so we had to share a long table with strangers. (Awkward at first, but it was alright when the food arrived)So many dishes to try !!! Luckily i did some research before, so i knew a bit of what I wanted to order.The food came really fast. Beautiful, Flavourful, exciting!My favourite one was the EBIMAYO. I go crazy for Fried Shrimp and those shrimps were super big haha.Takoyaki, Crazy quality. #SpeechlessFor the dessert, the Matcha creme brulee = Must-try (OBLIGER) lolFor the service, it was really good. Our Metal cup (yes) were always full and I liked how they ask us If we enjoy the experience. I was happy that another table celebrate their birthday.Half of the staff went near the table and start singing in Japanese and Happy birthday in English. They even brought a blackboard with HBD on it. Even if it wasn't my friend bday, we could feel the excitement through us haha. When we left the place, they all screamed in japanese and waved at us. Best feeling ever!This was an amazing experience. I recommend you all to give it a try.Food lover~Yeye
4	We heard of this new place, so my husband and I decided to check it out on a wednesday night. It was pretty full and loud! Great atmosphere. We sat at the bar which was fun because it was like sitting in the kitchen with the chefs!Staff was friendly and food was good!We shared 5 plates and a dessert, total with tax and tip was 70$Not bad at all if you ask me!Def going back!
4	Superb! The service is great, and the food is quite delicious, however, a few items didn't have great presentation. The place is also quite loud, with the staff randomly cheering throughout the service. It adds to a very 'hip' urban ambiance, with seemingly 'traditional' menu items. They have a decent sake selection. I'd recommend anyone to check this place out!
4	My friends and I walked in being greeted loudly by workers which is always cool. I've been to Guu and various Izakayas in Toronto, so seeing it in montreal brings back nice memories. I got the Sakura cocktail, and it was decent. Very sweet though - which I like. Our dishes included Takoyaki, assorted sashimi salad, tuna tartar, fried chicken + mayo, tuna steak, wasabi octopus, pumpkin puree with red bean ice cream and mochi, green tea creme brulee. My favourite was the pumpkin puree dessert and takoyaki. My friends were the tuna tartar and assorted sashimi salad. In terms of consistency, the wasabi octopus was very on par. However, I was susprised with a few of our other dishes like the tuna steak. The tuna steak was definitely cooked too much on the outside. From what my friend had said, it was not like the one he tried earlier in the week when he came to eat. The other dishes were fine though. Portion sizes are always a little smaller than usual restaurants, but this is because its more of a snack restaurant. Nonetheless, I went home quite full! The place definitely offers fresh food in comparison to other japanese restaurants in montreal. But not as fresh as what I had expected. Perhaps this justifies a second visit in the near future for me. I definitely recommend a visit though. Service was pretty good, our waittress came by regularly and was courteous. The decor is done very nicely ; I always like taking a visit to the washrooms. It offers use of mouthwash. Overall, we left with a loud farewell from the staff and a wave good bye to end the night.
4	I was with 3 people last friday the're was only 10 min wait. Food was good ,the tall draft beer were huge and what a heavy mug? Service was very good and what an ambiance. Will defenitely go back for a party
2	Pros- The food was delicious- The warm welcome from the staff upon entry is a very nice touch- Great decorCons- Our party of 16 was assigned a table that seated no more than 12. I had to sit sideways on the bench to accommodate everyone- Portions per dish are very small. Though I appreciate gourmet tapas, $10 for a fistful of spinach with a couple of mushrooms is a stretch- Our bill wasn't split, forcing us to divvy a $670 bill ourselves- One member of our party wasn't served at all after 2 hours of waiting- Ordering the grapefruit cocktail gets you a vodka/soda, grapefruit half and citrus juicer. Very original, but insufficient juice and less labor leaves you wondering why you paid the mark up.OverallMaybe the moral of our story is to avoid going in a large group. Cramped seating, divvied portions and a single bill all point towards the restaurant's inexperience in dealing with parties larger than 5. Though I loved the food, the value and the service will prevent me from re-visiting.
5	Very nice environment, the atmosphere is great, design is lovely. The food is a bit similar to Imadake . Very interesting options to discover.
5	The real deal. Love it there! Maybe my 10th time so far! Great staff. Great food! Happy they re dt and happy they re opened 7/7
1	I was excited to try this restaurant since I have only had great dining experiences at Guu Izakaya in Toronto and was told it was the same owners.Kinka needs to step up their game if they want to survive in downtown Montreal.  I will start with the positives.  The waitress provided great service and was knowledgable of the menu.  Beer was good and the udon noodle with beef and mushroom was very good.  The fish tacos I was served was a mistake.  The taco shell was dry and cold.  The onion cold slaw was cold and the fried fish was warm...very strange temperature for a taco and terrible shell. My friend did not eat half the taco shell because of bad aftertaste.   The beef short ribs were served cold and dry.  It lacked flavored and appeared to have been cooked the day before.  Finally the octopus wasabi paled in comparison to the version served at Guu Izakaya.  They need to improve execution.  They also need to rethink a few of the dishes.  At the end of the dinner I gave my feedback to the waitress.  She apologized and removed the tacos and Beef ribs from the bill.  Very good gesture.   I hope the manager takes the feedback and fixes the problems.  Kazu and Idamake are much better choices.
5	Take all of my money! Just take it! This place is seriously good. I went here twice and I was not disappointed. Their okonamiyaki (feel free to correct my spelling!) was the best! And I loved their tacos and raw dishes like tartare, tuna tataki etc. I ordered one cocktail which was the sakura (red wine, 7up...etc) and I was in love. It tasted to me like a shirley temple, but with an extra twist! Service was attentive and friendly. They yell at you, in a good way, when you arrive AND when you leave. How special! You definitely feel the love. I am really excited and happy about this new izakaya located in downtown. I really recommend coming here for drinks/tapas if you are in the guy area. I  am totalllly coming back again.
5	Definitely worth the hype. I am on a roll with izakayas recently and this place does remind me of Guu.We showed up on a Sunday at 5 pm (the opening) and although being the first in line, the place filled up in no time after we sat down. Decor-wise you will find some small tables but more buffet-type larger tables for share. We were seated at the bar for a party of three and I got to peak at the food preparation and plating. As expected, the loud cheer upon arrival and departure is also part of the experience.Food-wise, a great izakaya. Seasoning of the dishes are on the stronger end. I can imagine those who like bolder flavours to love the food here. Ingredients were definitely fresh which would be expected with the amount of turnover at this place. One dish that was more memorable for me was the mackerel. It's not typically a fish I like but this was cooked tender, with a good balance of flavour and right amount of char on the skin. The other dishes we had were more the everyday variety (udon, Japanese pancake, tuna tartare, etc) and nothing was a let down. I feel like on a lazy day I can just close my eyes and chose anything and be guaranteed a good meal. Portions are quite large for an izakaya, you can guaranteed to be full if you have a carb-heavy choice per person (with other apps to share of course).All in all, I can't wait to come back again.Last point - the girl's bathroom is quite a sight. Not sure if this is the custom in Japan but the bathroom was equipped from mouth wash, lotion down to sanitary napkins. I definitely don't see that everyday.
