1	This is the worst pho I've ever eaten. I took takeout but based on what other people have told me, the quality is the same for dine in.I ordered the pho special or something like that and it came up to 7.90. First off, the cashier gave me the wrong change. I suppose their system doesn't show how much they owe ( she didn't tell me how much change I was getting back and it didn't show up on the cash register balance facing me either) but at least use a calculator....Now on to the food! The soup had a cinnamon smell to it and just to make sure I asked a friend and she agreed with me. There's was a lack of meat that was supposed to be there ( the tendon), they only added one piece of tripe, half a beef ball and a few small slices of old beef... This has been the most disappointing pho I've ever eaten. It's no wonder it was empty when we walked in.
1	Came in wanting to eat pho and it's the furthest thing from it. Very salty as there is a load of msg. Avoid this place it's not worth your money.
3	Tried out this place on saturday and ordered the house special which came with beef flank and tripe. The soup base tasted pretty good. Yes it had a lot of msg, but it was just as much as any of the other pho places, and it really brought out the taste.I expected the large pho to be a little bigger, but it was still an adequate amount for $8. They also only put in about 5 pieces of beef flank, and some of it had a rainbow colour to it, but it tasted fine. My friend's beef ball pho also looked really good.Worth a try if you're around campus as it is on par with other pho restaurants.
1	We've gone to this place at least 5 times since they opened and have not eaten there yet.  From the other reviews,I will count us lucky.  Each time we went they did not have the items we tried to order.  They only thing available was the house pho and since I refuse to poison myself with salt, that's not something I want to consume.  Salt, msg and noodles.  Wow - I can buy a packet of noodles and soup base at the supermarket for 39 cents. They should remove the other dishes from the menu since they never have them available.
