5	Ok, plan to spend over an hour here.  Seriously.  There is WAY too much to look at!  I first met the owner, Anna Marie, at the Melrose Street Fair.  I shot my mouth off about being a comedian and got sucked into ShopDevious.com world!Holy frijoles!Want a funky, party wig?  Got it!  Sexy stockings?  Got it!  Upscale beauty shop.  Internet cafe!  Resale!  DKNY, BCBG, Bebe and more!Their wig designer even won the Arizoni Award for Theater Excellence.This is just a really cool place (might I say: FABULOUS!) and they do good things in the community like collect old cell phones.You even get a discount for bringing in a reusable bag!  Too cool!I could rave forever.Just go there.  It's fun!
5	Shop Devious Wigs & ThingsIf you have ever been to San Francisco's Haight & Ashbury district you will know that the boutiques there offer some very unique, used clothing; but the prices on those clothes are so incredibly ridiculous you know that no real hippy could afford to shop there.Dirty Hippie: "Seventy-five dollars for this cotton paisley shirt and $120 for this tie dyed skirt with a peace sign; as much as this defines who I am I won't be able to afford my organic tofu and hummus!!" *weep, weep, tear*Now Arizonans should consider themselves oh-so lucky to have a locally owned boutique like Shop Devious that provides quality used clothing and accessories for reasonable prices (most under $15), and that is located in the heart of Downtown Phoenix.I bought a banana yellow biker jacket for two dollars, a black leather bucket purse for eight dollars, a mauve, handmade crocheted scarf with real mink strips woven through it for $12 and plenty of sparkly, trendy headbands for one dollar each!But Shop Devious isn't just a store, it's a communal hangout. The boutique has comedy nights on Wednesday's, First Friday spectaculars and special events throughout the month!Come check out Shop Devious for all the fun without all the capitalist prices!
4	ShopDevious.com now has a special place in my heart. The owner, Anna Marie, is a lovely, lovely woman. Without hesitation, she allowed me to put on a bake sale for breast cancer charities during First Friday. She has made her mission to support for a cure for all kinds of cancers. She actually gives discounts on wigs for cancer patients. Anyway, I love how it has a vintage Haight & Ashbury feel. It doesn't feel like Grandma's attic. And I've never seen so many choices for fishnets and false eyelashes. And of course, she has all kinds of cool wigs. The store does all kinds of events like open mic and they'll have a deejay during First Friday. It's on Grand Avenue which some people mistakenly think is really dangerous. Well, I can tell you during First Friday, there are so many people walking around, you feel perfectly safe. There's even a trolley that drops people off nearby. It's definitely in an area that has been revived somewhat. I plan to go back as a customer and perhaps will update my review.
4	I'm not a girl or a drag queen but if I were, I would Shop Devious for all my wigs and accessories. They got vintage, old fashioned candy, wigs galore, scarves, bangles, a type writer, hats, a bowling ball, some men's stuff and much much more. The prices are unbelievable. You'll find yourself asking, is this the right price?  My gal pal found a cool purse for $6 bucks. Ah hello, like WOW! This place is way off the beaten path and I love it.My loves grown deeper for this little shop of fabulous finds as they were hosts of this month's First Friday Bake for Hope event (breast cancer charity).  This gesture says a lot about a retailer and I will spread the word about this goodness. So get your arse over to Shop Devious and buy something, anything. Just go already!
4	I needed some crazy eyelashes for a party and this place did just the trick! I love little thrift stores and this one is really cute and fun. The staff was helpful and the selection of hosiery, wigs, and eyelashes were fun and interesting. I found a couple of cute handbags as well, for SUPER cheap! The staff seemed to have a bit of an issue with the register as I was checking out, the selection of clothing is really limited due to the size of the place, but other than that it was awesome.If you're looking for a treasure hunt this place should definitely on your list.
5	Where else can you get a look that says "hooker-liscious" all the way to "funky grandma" in one place?I ended up with a found pair of sleek boots for less than $15, a free sno-cone (much needed in this heat!), and some green socks.  But trust me, I could have spent a lot more.Cute skull stuff, awesome bling canopy in the ceiling, the sweetest shopkeeper you could ever find...I left with a lemon-lime sticky smile plastered on my face...knowing I'll definitely be back!
5	This place is adorable :) You can just tell how much creativity and thought was put into this place. The prices and selection are also beyond affordable, especially with their buy one get one half off sales. The have the best selection of funky colored wigs (as well as regular wigs) and THE ABSOLUTE BEST selection of eyelashes. The staff was wonderful and so nice :) I snabbed a few cool purses that I wear almost everywhere I go now. The building and parking lot also have some killer art on it, just another perk about this cute little shop.
5	I absolutely LOVE Shop Devious! I get all my wigs here, and they are always of the best quality. The owner, Anna Marie, is so knowledgeable on wigs and is really excited to help yo find what you need. I've known Shop Devious even before it was a physical shop and just an online store, but it has become even more than just wigs. They offer a wide selection of leggings and stockings and false eyelashes. In addition, there's also a wide selection of consignment clothes, shoes ad jewelry in great condition for very cheap. Whenever I go in for something I need, I always leave with something extra. Shop Devious reminds me of those kitschy little boutiques you'd find walked down the streets in downtowns of older cities with charm and personality, like San Francisco, Seattle and New York. You know, the ones where you leave with a special little gem or a fun outfit you couldn't find at the mall. Phoenix is so manufactured and globalized that these shops are hard to find. I'd say I'd love more shops like Shop Devious in Phoenix, but Shop Devious will always be my favorite!
2	I honestly don't get what every one else sees in this store. The prices were all right, between 6-10 for a top or 12-20 for a dress, but honestly, I felt like I could find pretty similar stuff at goodwill. It's also very small and not a lot of selection. Everytime I found something I might have been able to get excited about, it turned out it was the wrong size in the wrong place. I only got a hi when I entered the shop from what I presume is the owner, but she seemed to be too busy to give me a second glance. They also had a rack out front that had some good stuff, but it was so over stuffed that you couldn't pull anything out to look at it. I'd lobe to help out a local business and I might go back if I'm in the area to give it another try. But for now I'll stick to good will and the clearance section at Ross.
5	Shop Devious is great for small business needs as well as marketing consulting. Shop Devious really took the time to show me the ropes on how to implement marketing into a business and how to use websites and cards to expand your product. I am not very proficient at computer applications but they did a wonderful job at educating me about the functions in a basic way that I can learn and put those skills into practice. Thanks to that and their willingness to help I have expanded my business and grown.
