2	Location: Santa Fe CasinoWell, I would like to call this place the  "mini-me" of MGM's Centrifuge lounge. Its really not that big, smack dab on the casino floor next to the bowling alley. It has a center bar, comfy couches with pillows. A hookah at a every other table. some of the cocktail waitress' were snotty..um ok, there goes your tip.Live Dj. Drinks are too expensiveI guess if youre inclined to dance on the tables I guess you want to.I noticed the votives were screwed down to the surface...ummm...ok,  they werent all that fancy, something you can easily replace at the dollar store...geezeI'd rather go to another place than try to find a place to sit at this joint
4	Had a business meeting here during Happy Hour at 4 pm on a Wed.....good move on my part, wine by the glass is 1/2 off during Happy Hour!!!The bartenders that were working there were good looking and very friendly.  They made sure that our glasses were never empty.  It was a perfect spot for our meeting.  I went on their website and got more details on their Happy Hour...see below:Daily Happy Hour Specials: 4pm - 9pmReverse Happy Hour: Sunday - Thursday, 11pm - 1am2 for 1 Martini MenuHalf-Price Wine by the GlassHalf-Price Bottled Beer$49.99 Bottle of SKYYWill I return?  Absolutely!
3	Suprisingly decent, nothing spectacular but prices were ok and they have hookah on Friday and Saturday. Pretty cute girls that work there and a good place to meetup if you are up north for some reason.
4	Wow...the last review was over 2 years ago? No review from the duke?This place is quite nice and bright. We were waiting on some friends to join last night's sausage party but they came a bit late that I ended up playing video slots and blackjack. Never playing slots ever again, I'm sticking with blackjack.  I had a passion fruit martini, a love martini and a raspberry gummi bear.The bartender was a pretty hot biatch and she has a nice rack. Make sure you look for Nhuhoang when you go here. Her pornstar name is "Honny" but don't call her that. All I had to say was "I want something fruity" and she made the best cocktails I've ever had. She gave me some candy too. I think I love her but I think she likes hairy men. They have lots of TV's here too so I was able to catch a basketball game. They play pretty good house music.
5	I just love this place. My husband and I gamble here and drink for free (and they don't go cheap). Jimmy is one of our favorites, but all the bartenders really go out of their way for you. It's usually a calm atmosphere if you ever want to get out of the house. Slowly gamble $20 and drink for free. Tip them well (even though they take care of you regardless)
