4	I love their fish tacos!!!!  The drive-thru at this location is not always consistent when it comes to efficiency but it does look like they are trying... at least they are nice.  I don't really like the other stuff I have tried here...such as the chicken soft tacos.  Also, for some reason I think it is weird that they serve fries with tacos.   4 stars for the fish tacos!
4	So my Son comes to me the other day and says....."Dad, I have to go to Del Taco and buy 34 Tacos for a school project"....I said "What are you trying to pull?!  What class is this for?"....he says "Health".....I laugh my ass off and ask him if he's serious.  Apparently, he was.  They were studying the nutritional contents of Fast Food and if he brought in 34 Tacos for the entire class he'd get extra credit on his project.Of course, this was too funny to pass up so of course I agreed to do it.  So we left for school a little early this morning and I called ahead to ask the employees how long it would take to make the Tacos.  They said they'd start working on it and that they would be close to having it ready when we arrived.  10 minutes later we arrived and they were 1/2 way done with the order.  We waited another 5 minutes or so and we were on our way.34 Tacos ($14.33).....extra credit for kiddo, priceless.Will I return?  This Del Taco has their act together....of course!
3	We come here for the 49cent tacos, but if you're looking for customer service that's above and beyond your expectations, you're barking up the wrong tree. They don't even smile at you. Just saying ;)
2	Its really bad , i know that people who cant graduate high school have to work SOMEWHERE , but if they are working with handling money ... they should at least have a GED.....     My wife was not feeling well and left work early but she was nice enough to pick me up lunch on her way home even though she felt like sh*t.. Well here is the funny thing , not only did they screw up the order .. she asked for my chicken burrito with extra sauce no tom , they put no sauce extra tom ..  but they screwed up SIMPLE MATH on the change.   The bill was 13 dollars and 12 cents ...  my wife gave them 20 dollars and 12 cents ... they gave my wife back  5 dollars and 96 cents ... in which obviously is WRONG.  Then the cashier decided to ARGUE with my wife about the change ... really ?  We have spoken to the manager and our food is getting replaced , but you REALLY need to either make sure your staff is trained mathematically .. or teach them to use the built in change thing on the computer. ugh.  *facepalm*
4	Been coming here for years now. I always only go through drive through. Service has been fast and efficient and friendly. The food also is very consistent. I recommend you order a side of nacho cheese sauce to go with your French fries. Also I am a big fan of the del carbon tacos. I also like the fish tacos.
