3	This is the other restaurant in Lee Lee. I don't know if it's Korean, Vietnamese, or what. They have sushi, banh mi, boba tea, and a cooler case full of kim-chee. It's more of a casual, grab and go type establishment than Hope Kee.I can't say anything about the quality of their food. But I did grab a thai iced boba tea. YES - two awesome things combined in one drink! Not only that, it was really good. The lady who made it was so proud of the quality of their boba teas, she insisted that I take a sip before I even left her counter. Then I sucked down the rest before I even got to the end of the block. It was so worth the belly ache.
1	Terrible boba drinks. Everything uses powder mixes. Even Tea! I have had many boba drink from garden grove,CA to Chandler,AZ. This place isn't even close to their flavors. By the way, I ordered the Thai iced tea, it tasted like water with POWDER Thai tea mix and some milk. It tasted just that: water and powder.
2	I've come here a few times and must of the time it's just a bite under a 3 star. I'm not into the powder mixed drinks. I feel that the drinks come out too sweet and watery. If I had to base this on the Avocado drink...oh man...I'd add more stars. The avocado drink is from fresh fruit and I was very pleased to see that. It's my favorite flavor thus far and it's probably cuz it's not a powder mix...plus it really does taste like avocado. It's not too sweet...it retains it's true flavor. I'm definitely coming back for this drink...no doubt!
1	We got problems at "Our house." Tactless and  Nickle & Dime you...leaves me bothered and brokeI must admit, I am a little excited to write this review. I had to wait and let myself cool down.My sister just came back from Cali and while there tried boba tea. I was shocked she has never tried...nevertheless we were on the search for boba tea.Being from Portland, OR and loving FatStraw on Hawthorn for its boba tea I had somewhat predisposed standards of the the root based little novelty . Little did I know Our House was not operating on the same level...I had the Strawberry..Both of my little sisters had Taro..We all had boba in themSister 1 did not like the little boba and wanted to exchanged it for a different drink. My lil sister...barely 11 walked up to the counter and politely asked only to get rejected, she walked back sad, knowing she either dump the drink or power through the drink. I then walked up to the employee and discussed a few business ethics and standards that AZ and USA operate at a normal basis.  With his broken english he refused any refund or exchange transaction....I thought to myself...all this for what... for his poorly made product? Pick and choose your battles.Sister 2 did not lik the AZ based boba tea store...she wished she was still in Cali. Don't we all.Me: It cost me just under $4.25 for one drink w/ boba, tack on an additional $.50cents for the fact that I used a debt card!..So i payed 4.75ish for a drink made with powder and NO customer service..
3	I have been in several times. Three times for sushi and three times for the vietnamese sandwiches. I see some lower rating. I rate on service, quality of food, value, how do they make me feel. I have always been treated very well. I am by no way an expert on sushi or vietnamese sandwiches, boba drinks. This is the only place I have ever had a baba drink. All I know is I have always  gotten good service and the food was good. Their boba drinks or the ones I have tired are very drinkable. I don't usually get one because I find them too sweet. If I eat chocolate I like a 99% bar. They have limited seating I think about 4 tables with three chairs at each table. They are set up for the people that are on the go. Order a sandwich, sushi, drink eat it there  or take it with you. The sandwiches are inexpensive, less expensive than eating at one of the fast food places. I have been there about six times now and will be going back.
5	I'm going to give this a 5-star for their Avocado Shake! I love, love, LOVE their avocado shake. It's best made when the owner (father looking man) makes them. His kids (well at least I think it's his kids) help out and make the shakes too, but it  just doesn't compare to how he makes them. I'm not into trying the other shakes because they're not made with real fruits...they use powder mixes...except for the avocados.
1	We were at Lee Lee's market and decided to get boba drinks. I ordered passionfruit to try something different. The flavor was very artificial and the drink was very watery. I went back to get a different drink and the girl at the counter tried to charge me for another drink. I asked why they would not just replace the drink with a different flavor and she responded with a smirk that it was my fault because I ordered it. That is extremely poor customer service. I am bummed about this experience, because we have always gone to this place for boba and had never experienced this kind of treatment before. I think the girl was the owner's daughter. As I was being refused, the owner walked behind her, grinned, did not do a thing. Businesses do not succeed with this type of behavior.
2	This time was not that good. Took forever. Sandwich was very bland not as tasty as I remembered. Maybe different cook :(
5	One of the best bolba in town. I hope they dont close, lee lees seems to be in a bad situation right now but i hope if they close this place gets a new venue.
5	Groceries and sippin on some boba is the life :))Ive been coming here forever.  I love the owner. I use to cut his hair til I move to a different salon. Hehe :)My best drink ever is the ice thai tea boba!!!!!! DeeelishhhhhhhhGreat sammiches as well. :)
5	I always get friendly customer service here. And they have a lot of real fruit drinks here. I think they are one of the best places for boba drinks.
1	Waited at the counter for a few good minutes before I was finally acknowledged, (the man was pacing back and forth so I'm positive he knew I was there. Anyway, decided to stop by just because I was already inside grocery shopping. Ordered the avocado boba and again, waited and waited. The whole ordeal was about 20 minutes. Finally got my drink and definitely tasted like some cheap a** artificial stuff. You could tell that they didn't use real avocado. What a waste of money. I feel bad for the people trying boba for the first time at this joint. Please try bomboba! It's in the same plaza by subway.
