5	My mom got a pretty serious dog bite, took her here instead of the long waiting ER. Got help immediately by very friendly and caring staffs. Mom was well taken care of and I am very happy with the quick and excellent services.
5	Quick service with knowledgable staff.  Nice and clean facility.   I was happy with the care and service I received.   They take all insurance and even cash payment.   Will come back if I need urgent care service in the future.MG
5	Went back to Express Urgent Care and receive the same excellent service.   Great staff and provider!
5	Excellent services. Got in quickly and they took care of problem. Definitely will return if I have a medical problem.
1	Horrible! Called right before I walked in asking wait time and told me 20 minuties,  waited an hour.  Told doctor about my experience politely and Ms gidda quickly defended herself as if it was a personal attack saying someone could've walked in before I got here and never just apologized.  I have had many urianary infections and I get always get a cold sore from the antibiotics due to my immune system going down,  I asked her for the prescription for that since I'll be taking the medication and she refused saying I should just take over the counter medicine.  I told her they were expensive for me and my insurance doesn't charge me if she just prescribes it,  she went on to argue the prices of over the counter medicine and just go back if I get one. Very unprofessional.  Never going back,  A doctor should never be rude with its patients.
1	Horrible! The wait time was ridiculous considering there was only one girl waiting before me and I still waited an hour after they called her back. I asked the girl at the desk how much longer, she said 10-15 minutes well that turned into half an hour. I will never come back to this place.
1	Just came back from this Urgent care and it will be my last ...and entire life of doctors visit this doctor Valerie Jaskowski was by far the rudest ubnoxious doctor ever ..I dont know how this women became a care person because she is certainly NOT ! I took my daughter for care there ...when my daughter came out she said she was not sure why she got antibiotics she didn't get a urinary test to see whats going on and first thing she open the door to the room she loudly asked in front of the staff if she has a VG problem and continue talking ...when my kid came out she was mad and she said this women is rear unprofessional ...as the dr walked out I confronted her ...after confirming what she said to my child she start yelling at her that she is the expert over so many years and she know better your not a doctor she keeps yelling at my kid my kid asked her so why did I pay 95$ for if I dont get checked and the dr replied to her very food ...because I charge what ever I want this is my fee for my services ...I looked at her and told to stop yelling and she needs to control herself ..your not very professional and this not how you talk to a patient dont care how old she is u need to inform her and have a better tone ......horrible ...some people should not be doctors !
