5	I am always happy when I walk out of an Ace Hardware and this trip was no exception.  I parked 50 feet from the front door, walked into the store and was immediately greeted by a friendly greeter asking me what I looking for."Plastic glue", I replied.  "Aisle 10, half way down on the right."So I start walking toward aisle 10, I hear the greeter over his walkie-talkie-ear-piece-thinggy say, "got a customer coming down 10 looking for plastic glue."As I walked over to, aisle 10 I could see an Ace associate at the other end walking toward me and eventually meeting me right in front of the plastic glue section."Hi there, can I help you find some glue?", he asked."I'm looking for the strongest glue you have to bind the types of plastic used in [xx.classified.xx]?"He immediately recommended the brand Plastic Surgery and explained why it was a good product for my specific application.I read the package quickly, smiled, said, "thanks a lot!", headed toward the register, paid, walked 50ft to my car and was on with my day.  I paid a fair price and received the highest level of customer service.  Ace never disappoints.Total time from getting out of car to getting back in, under 5 minutes.  It takes half that time to get from your parking space to the front door of a Home Depot or Lowe's.  Five stars, no question.
2	When trying to find unique hard to locate products, this is a good solution.
5	The very best in customer service. There has been someone there to help me as soon as I walk in the door. The staff knows their stuff and I will be supporting this locally owned business instead of the box stores for sure.
5	If you want good-ol'-fashioned customer service, this is the place to go. Yes, you pay a premium for this (a screw is 7 cents instead of 4). However, you'll get to talk to somebody whose been around and knows how to fix stuff. Everybody is really friendly too. They'll always ask you if you need help or give you a big 'hello' when you walk in. Parking is easy and staff won't run away if you make eye-contact.
5	Ever need a 1/4" slip to 3/4" threaded by a 1/2" compression coupler in PVC for your irrigation system? Me neither but if I did, I bet you could find one at this place!
