1	Wow. Where do I start. I walked in to check on the price of a power cord. Their price: 49.99. A quick amazon search on the smartphone and I found them going for 10.99. While i was browsing, I heard the staff very rudely deal with, not one, but two senior citizens who were having virus troubles with their laptops. Senior: "You charged me $60 to fix this last week and now you want me to pay you $60 again?'Employee: "Well its your fault lady. virisus are not our responsability. We fixed it and you broke it again. You should have used anti virus software." Senior: "So you charge me $60 to fix my laptop from a virus and you dont install anti virus?"Employee: "Its not my responsability. You broke it. I dont know where you got the virus."My main takeaway from this conversation? This place not only rips people off, but it also treats their customers like crap in the process.What a joke. I walked out of that place and will never return.
1	WARNING!!! DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH THESE CROOKS!!! They have very bad customer service. I should have turned and ran the other direction when I read some of the Google reviews. I know, I'm kicking my self in the ass as we speak!  Went in here a month ago to get a laptop for my husband who is working out of state to do his school work on. We went in told the associate what we needed, something reliable and how much we wanted to spend. He pointed out a computer $.219 . We said OK, bought the computer and left. My husband took the computer the next day back to were he was working, went to go on line and needless to say the computer didn't work. My husband called to speak to them that day (2nd day) told them the problem. They said bring it back he told them he could not because he was out of state, he said I will bring it back in 2 weeks when I am back down there. OK so we go back in there they said "well its past your 7 day return period we cant refund your money" We say fine can you give us credit for the other computer to put towards another computer. After a 30 min argument they finally agree and we pay $120 more thinking we are getting a better computer. Have you ever heard of history repeating  its self?!! OMG!  So needless to say we took back the 2nd computer 14 days later. Go in the store today tell them I want a FULL refund! The guy says well its past the 7 days I said the computer didn't work we didn't get to use it! OK well there is a 15% restocking fee (SERIOUSLY!!) I said no I want a FULL refund you sold me a product that didn't work! After all the hassle and trouble you guys have put us through you gonna charge me a 15% fee?!! we went back and forth for about 20min the Owners son pipes up and says THIS IS HOW ITS GONNA WORK YOU CAN come back tomorrow to speak with the owner. This kid didn't look a day over 15! I am so furious!! we are going back in tomorrow to see if we can get this resolved regardless of the out come,  I WILL NEVER DO BUSINESS WITH ANY LAPTOP EXCHANGE AGAIN...... I will post the results after we go back down there tomorrow.
1	Sorry forgot to post the results. We got our money back minus a 15% restocking fee! They said they had to buy some windows program and that was the reason for the fee. There was no reason for them to buy or install Windows the computer was never used.
5	I was a little nervous reading the other reviews, but I was desperate. Im glad I was, because my experience was a good one. I got everything I asked for taken care of, it was taken care of the next day. And I was quoted and charged a price I was comfortable with.  I waited a few weeks before writing this review just to make sure it wasn't crap work. And I haven't had any problem I recommend the location and store to anyone.
