5	I grew up around the corner from Rusty's and I've been going here for as long as I can remember. You walk in and they've got a nice selection of canned and bottled beverages - including beer. Then you walk up and order from the guy in the kitchen. I usually get a chicken salad sandwich - so good - but today I tried the black bean burger and it was really good. It had salsa and cheddar cheese on top, and a side of sour cream. Sandwiches don't come with anything but a pickle, so you have to order fries on the side if you want. After you order, you continue down the aisle to the cash register - passing by chips, fountain soda, sweet tea, etc.. You pay and get a number, and then they bring your food to your table. Everything is always tasty, the people who work at Rusty's are always incredibly sweet and it's overall a great experience.
5	Awesome bacon cheeseburger!!! The people at Rusty's treat you right all the time, day in and day out. I love this place!
4	This place is GREAT if you're looking for a tasty, quick lunch like a sandwich, burger, or salad. I've been here twice so far. The service is real quick, the food is delicious, and the staff are friendly. Everything is convenient. Fountain drinks are self-served as well as some of the sides (such as pasta salads, fruit cups, etc). Haven't eaten inside yet but I would like to some time, because the place is nice and cozy. A bit short on space, but the interior decor is fun and a good place to eat with a couple other friends. The only thing I'd say is that there isn't a whole lot of variety on toppings for a sandwich or burger, usually just lettuce and tomato. Pretty typical stuff, nothing really "Rusty-unique." But...maybe I just don't know yet, need to visit more!
5	What an awesome burger!  So long Five Guys.
5	We eat here on a semi-regular basis and over the years have NEVER been disappointed.  Love the cheesteak sandwiches and the grilled tuna, which some may consider a bit pricey for a sandwich, but it's the size of a small filet mignon and always tender and gently seasoned.   Add a side of their generous portions of fries, enough for two (order extra crispy) and you have a very filling and quick meal served by friendly folks.
5	This restaurant is not much to look at, but it is the place to go in South Charlotte for excellent simple fare: burgers, sandwiches, etc.  This is definately our favorite place to go on a Saturday for lunch after a late Friday night, or to grab a quick take out dinner during the week.  The cheeseburgers compete with any other place in town.  Philly cheese steak is excellent as well.  Staff is friendly and enthusiastic.  Prices are very reasonable.  Only drawback is that we wish it was open on Sundays.  A rarity in Charlotte: a great, independent, non-chain delli/ grill.
4	Went here today for a late lunch with out of town guests wanting burgers! It was a little crowded due to limited seating, but the wait wasn't long for our food. I had the South Charlotte Cheesesteak and it was great! Fully loaded with lettuce, provolone, tomatoes and mayo with a pickle spear - I hated to eat the last bite it was so good! I got pasta salad on the side which was flavorless and soaked in oil and a double chocolate cookie which was a yummy end to my meal!My guests got a tuna burger and a cheese, bacon, mushroom burger with a side of fries. I can't vouch for the taste of those, but they ate it all, along with a slice of carrot cake (she said it was great!) and a toffee cookie!Will definitely return not only for the feel, but the "little secret gem of Charlotte" feel the place has to it.
3	I stopped at Rusty's Deli & Grille for lunch on a Saturday because of the reviews here.  Overall I'd recommend Rusty's, but there are better places to eat.  The restaurant is long and narrow and when I came in was very busy.  The ordering system is very convoluted.  You wait in line to order at a window.  The person at the window though was also making sandwiches so there was a wait, about 30 seconds, between each group to order.  The menu board is on the sidewall of the hallway  (parallel to the line) so you can't really see it until you get up to the front of the line to order.  It would have been better to place it above the order window (perpendicular to the line).  And you thought you'd never use geometry after you got out of high school.  Then you head around the corner to the left to another line to get your drinks and place your order again at the cashier and pay.  The layout of the place kind funnels people this way, but why do I have to order twice?  Maybe this is so they can start working on your order and have it ready when you go to pay.  I was lucky to grab a table as I witnessed several parties hovering nearby looking for a place to sit.  If you have more than two people in your party I recommend that after make your first order you send someone to snag  a table while the other goes to pay.  I ordered a cheese steak sandwich and fries.  It took a while to get my food.  You would think they would have started working on it when I first placed my order, but that was not the case.  With the volume of people in the place I anticipated a wait, but it seemed to take longer than it should to get my food.  The cheese steak sandwich was OK, nothing special, but it was hot off the grill.  I should have known not to expect too much when the menu said it came with lettuce, tomato, and mayo.  Toppings that are fine for a burger but that should never be mentioned in the same sentence as a cheese steak.  I left them off of my cheese steak.  The fries on the other hand were great.  They were thick cut, hot & crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside.  Overall nothing spectacular, the fries come close, but good hot food.  The tab came to $10.46 for sandwich, fries and drink, which is not too unreasonable.
3	The food is pretty good - they have a great burger - however my girlfriend found a twist tie in her food so she'll never go back.
2	The chicken salad is made with turkey.  If they lie about that what else are they lying about.  The food is good and fairly priced.  I also like the salad that they have.  If i am in the area and hungry I would probably visit this place again.
5	My husband and I have been going to Rusty's once a week since we moved to Charlotte last year. The Chili is great... It tastes homemade and a must try!!  I would highly recommend eating at Rusty's!
3	I like Rusty's deli - the food has always been fresh and tastes great.  It is a Charlotte institution & I remember going back in the 80s.  However, it can be a little tricky getting in and out during peak times -  especially on Saturdays.  Be prepared to wait for a table on a busy Saturday and especially if you have more than 2 or 3 people in your party. Unfortunately, the crowded little space they occupy detracts from the overall dining experience.  But, when it is not too hot & humid outdoors, there is outdoor seating where you don't feel as claustrophobic.The salads are good here as are the spuds - my fav is the turkey & cheese... yum-o!Despite the challenges of the small space and awkward layout, I would still recommend Rusty's for someone looking for an independently owned deli with a little local flavor.
3	Good chicken salad, but wheat bread was ordinary.  Other sandwiches looked decent as well.
4	Great burgers and fries! This is a total Charlotte establishment. Rusty's has been around forever and it is frequented by everyone in the neighborhood. It is a little hidden, which makes it even more hole-in-wall-ish.Be sure to allow yourself more than an hour for a lunch break, because this place gets pretty busy during the week.If this place was open on Sundays, had more healthy options and a full bar I would give it 5 stars!
2	I ordered a cheesesteak, with the sauteed mushrooms (why would these not be standard on a cheesesteak?).The meat was in a stack, like Steak-umms, in the middle of the sandwich.  It was so tough that I pulled the entire "meat stack" out of the bun when I bit into it.There was 1/4 lb. of mayonnaise on the sandwich, turning the entire thing into a Slip & Slide, and the bun turned into complete mush after I took 2 bites.  I do not want to eat a cheesesteak with a fork and knife.  I don't like a sandwich with more mayo than meat, either.  I will not return to this place.
5	I lived in this general area for about 5 years or so and meant to go to Rusty's but never got around to it. I've been out for over a year now and happened to be nearby. I finally stopped and I am glad I did.I thought it was gonna be just another boring restaurant but I was pleasantly surprised when the first two things to welcome me were a community board and the cooler with a passable craft beer selection.We grabbed a couple of beers, ordered the special (Bacon cheeseburger & fries for $4.99) and sat. Our food came out fast and everyone was very pleasant. I even struck a conversation with the guy who brought my burger about Android phones.Food was great! The burger had that freshly made look and taste, delicious! The fries were a little dry and could have used more salt but they were good overall.I really liked the atmosphere, very relaxed and informal. Great little place to spend a Saturday afternoon.Definitely will be going back.
2	I have driven by Rusty's several times and always wondered what the food was like- now I know. I read the reviews on Yelp like I always do and they were mixed. But I figured why not maybe they ordered the wrong thing. Plus, I wanted something different from my usual Subway. Anyway first off thee decor is a bit off putting because its like the house of mirrors. Some of the other reviewers said this was a Charlotte institution, but I haven't been here long enough to know that. I just know they need to change the inside because it's a bit creepy. So, I ordered the chicken cheesesteak, fries and some coleslaw. This is not authentic if that is what you are looking for. the cheesesteak was soggy. I got mushrooms which were runny. What was more disappointing was that the chicken was like steakums and it was one layer of chicken on top of a glob of mayo, tomatoes, onions and mushrooms. Basically there was no chicken plus it tasted like shoe leather. The fries were ok. Not as crispy as others stated and they needed SALT! I didn't eat them all because they got cold and kind of gross.  The coleslaw was full of mayo, so I didn't eat all of that either.  The pickle was good even though it was really salty, but I like pickles so I'm bias. I can say I probably won't go there again and I should have just gone to Subway. Take it or leave it.
5	Great local restaurant. Good burgers, sandwiches. The restrooms are fresh and clean!Try the chicken salad sandwich and the cheesecake.
4	Rusty's is the kind of diner/hole in the wall joint that always serves consistency. The menu isn't ground breaking. They're not going for a Michelin Star here and the goal is to serve good, consistent food day in and day out. Rusty's is quaint and humble from the outside. (Beware of the construction happening in Quail Corners) Just a few tables with umbrellas, a small neon sign and a basic white spelling of "Rusty's" above the building. The interior is great. Almost like a flashback from the 90's. Business cards all over the wall to your left, cooler of drinks, large menu next to the ordering window, tons of copies of National Geographic in the dining area....Just a great little joint. The menu is pretty standard deli style. Sandwiches, soups, potatoes, salads. My wife and I usually go for a double-decker pb&j but sometimes we venture out of our mainstay. The potatoes are rather large with a gratuitous amount of toppings. Not my favorite, but worth a try if you're hungrier than usual. I love their Reuben. Not a huge NY style stack of pastrami. Just a medium-sized 'wich with sauerkraut and Thousand Island. Simple and familiar. I love Rusty's. A great local, hole in the wall that serves the same dependable food day in and day out. Thanks, Rusty's!
5	Right down the road from us, we go all the time. Great burgers and the reuben my wife gets always looks tasty. Tons of (great) fries, one order is prob enough. Friendly people too.
5	My husband and I frequent Rusty's several times per month and love it.  Their menu is simple - sandwiches, burgers, soups/salads, fries - but the quality is consistenly good.  I love their reubens, and their fries are always hot, crispy and plentiful.  Other great picks - BLT, cheeseburger, chicken salad, bratwurst.I love Rusty's and always recommend it to my family and friends if we're looking for a simple place to have a lunch or small dinner.  My dad discovered it several years ago while my mother and I were shopping for my wedding dress and I'm so glad he did!!
4	YUM. Great burgers. Also, they have Cherry soda, and Malt vinegar. That's amazing.
5	Just tried their black bean burger. Sooooo good!
4	Had the Charlotte Cheesesteak with mushrooms and a side of fries today !!  The cheesesteak was other worldy and the fries where too many to eat !!  I cant wait to go back !!
4	We have enjoyed Rustys for years. For a fresh, tasty burger and crisp, delicious french fries, Rustys is the sure bet in South Charlotte.
4	OK, I definitely owe this place a new review since my last one.  This place gives out great quality food.  It's locally owned and is one of the top choices if you are in the area.  You can pick a pickled pepper at the counter that you order at.  Consider it a little appetizer.  I think they are delicious.  Probably the hottest menu Item is the Bacon Cheese Burger.  Always delicious!  The French fries here are fresh peeled and cut.  No frozen ones here.  I would like the fries a little more if they had the skins on them.  I feel like the clientele they cater to is a skinless type of crowd if you know what I mean.They do serve bottled beer which is something you do not see at many deli's.  The staff is always courteous and definitely likes to take care of their customers.  There is a pac-man machine in the back but if you are not careful, it will take your quarter.
4	What a great lunch spot. A nice selection and great service. We enjoyed the turkey club, which included great crisp bacon, and the grilled cheese with tomato & bacon, and fries. The sandwiches were great , and the fries hot and cooked to order. The place was packed and now I know why.
3	Tasty sandwich. I gave 3 stars only because I drove 45 minutes to try their sandwich. The sandwich while tasty did not impress me to worth the long drive.
4	Best philly cheese steak I have come across in Charlotte. If you want an easy, delicious sub, this is the place to go.
4	This place has been around forever and is a great lunch spot.  Their chicken caesar wrap is delicious....I hardly ever get anything else!  Watch out for the long line at prime time on the weekends, it can run out the door.  Lots of specialty drinks and beers to choose from - and a nice patio to enjoy them on!
4	A hidden gem, can't believe it took me five years to find out about Rusty's, great lunchtime crowd. The reuben was great and they have Dr. Brown's soda which is always a good sign! Will definitely visit again instead of going to a larger chain for lunch!
5	I eat here pretty often. The meatball sub hits the spot for me and my friend swears by the black bean burger.
5	Per dollar, your not going to find any better food close by.  I'm not saying literally "Woohoo! As good as it gets!"  But, on that side of town I don't know of any other place you can get full and have a beer for under $10.It is a Deli/Grille with beer.  Pretty straight forward.  You grab your drink while waiting in line to place an order, then you order at the counter.  You walk around the side to pay and they give you a number.  Put that number on your table, and your food will be delivered shortly.  No wait service, just fast service.  I prefer eating out on the patio if there is space available.There is quite a variety of choices.  From burgers to french dips.  Bratwurst to meatball subs.  Salads, stuffed potatoes, and even some vegetarian options.  I've tried it all and never had a bad meal.I know this review sounds more like an ad for the place, but I really have nothing bad to say.  Its a chill little spot that puts out great food at a reasonable price.  Kind of unheard of on park rd.
4	Man it has been forever since I've been here but I need to go back more often. Saturday lunch it was crazy busy. You walk in and order at the counter, then slide around the corner for chips and a drink and pay. Then they'll give you a number to put on your table. Outside seating is plentiful in the redesigned center and they'll find you anywhere. Burgers and cheesesteaks are excellent!
5	Consistency! Rusty's has served GREAT chicken salad for decades. This place is the perfect spot for families, business lunchers, and baby boomers (golden oldies played) the staff is friendly and helpful. Service is fast and efficient. I simply cannot say enough.
3	Lunch with Mrs. K. who really wanted a New York Jewish deli but we didn't want to drive all the way to Arboretum today. Instead, we headed to Rusty's. Sandwiches and other platters, nothing quite "New York" style.I chose the Turkey Reuben. Grilled and topped with sauerkraut the way Reubens are supposed to be but the amount of turkey in there just didn't meet (meat?) my expectations.Mrs. chose the "mixed cheese baked potato". Lots and lots of cheese on here and the potato was nice and fluffy but WOW was it hotter than Hades.Overall, pretty good. I think the Reuben is better at Katz's though.
5	I eat here almost 3 times every week and I love Rusty's, so glad my boss showed me this place. The fries are perfect, crispy with just the right touch of salt. I swear by the chicken philly, hands down one of the best sandwhiches I've had. Really great atmosphere during lunch as well.
4	Great little hole-in-the-wall type place. Sandwiches are wonderful, especially the Carolina Turkey Club.
5	My favorite place to eat. I come here 2-3 times a week. Philly cheese steak and burgers
5	Great place, great food! Love the Chicken Philly (get it with mushrooms)! They also have good vegetarian options.It's nice also to support the locally owned business, they really know what they're doing.
