2	I moved to Vegas about a year ago from California and figured that this place was nice since it was cheaper than my Carlsbad apartment. Now I realize that it's over-priced. You can rent a house for less than a "Manhattan or Tribeca" floor plan. It's a gated community but everyone and their mother can get up in here since there is a simple generic gate code that everyone knows, this includes the ice-cream truck that rolls in. There are a couple different entrances and the gate closer to where I live always seems to be stuck open in one way or another. If you stay up late you will see that weird shit goes on in the parking lot in certain areas. I have a buddy in law enforcement and I've had to give him a buzz a couple times to see what in the blue fuck has been going on out here. The management when I first moved here was good. Then they changed management with no announcement and changed the website which prevented me from paying online. I had to go in the office and see what was up. They added a room with computers to use for residents in the rental office and the printer would always seem to have an issue. You're better off renting a house and saving hundreds a month. Floor plan on the Manhattan and Tribeca are nice, but stick with a house. Preferably in Rhodes Ranch where "gated community" actually means something.
1	If you are thinking of moving here look elsewhere. I have lived here over 5 yrs and this place has gone way downhill. The problem is there is a new HOA and a new management company and between the two, nothing gets fixed around here  because they both point the finger at the other.  Numerous gates are broken throughout the community and have been for months. The gates at the pool are broken & anyone can get in, including all the unsupervised kids that roam in and out all day.  It is completely unacceptable and irresponsible that anyone can access the pool at anytime. Also,  their pet policy states 2 pets per condo under 50 lbs which is a lie. A woman in my building moved in with a bullmastiff  and a pitbull, both weighing well over 50 lbs. the same woman who doesn't keep them on a leash!  Are you kidding me? There's children all over this community & I am not taking any chances with 2 dogs that are well known for attacking people. I've had enough of this place.  It's no longer an upscale community. It's rundown, overpriced with an HOA & management company unwilling to take any responsibility in the upkeep.
1	Been living here for over a year with my girlfriend the community is nice but one person in the management team is very rude i tried calling Conam but they havent picked up or called back on my issue. One particular person in management has been very rude and unprofessional, she couldnt give me any answers on some issues about my fob key nor my gate key and the problems with the gates and the gym when we first moved. The HOA here is ridiculous you cant have any satellites on your building whatsoever, if your paying thousands of dollars to stay at a place wouldn't you want management to accomadate your stay in there community. I was really mad when i asked one of the management team about satellites on our building and she completely ignored me and gave me attitude like she didnt want to talk to me. There's a lot of problems with this place especially with the security on sight. After midnight I went to the gym, it's good that it's 24 hours but when i went into the gym I caught the security gaurd sleeping in the kitchen on a chair. They need to get better security gaurds on property securing the area not sleeping in the gym. Me and my girlfriends lease is ending soon this year idk if we would like to stay here any longer. Its too pricey and the HOA rules suck here.There are better places in Las Vegas that has a management team that is professional and know what is going on with the property and know how to accomadate with there residents on their property. And a lot of places have better amenities and have 24 hour gyms with better equipment and 24 hour club house and pools. Seriously if you're going to pay thousands of dollars to stay at a place that has terrible service, amenities and stupid HOA RULES... THEN GOODLUCK, hopefully Conam can step up and make some changes to change me and my girlfriends mind. Well we will see we have a few more months on our lease.
5	Ive lived here for 3 years now and although it has its ups and down issues that i have seen have always been resolved. It was a bit of a process when the new management company took over but im very happy with where they are at now. For new residents looking to move here... give this place a shot.. you wont be dissapointed.
1	I came to view their apartments at 20 minutes to 6pm. As soon as I walked in I was told that the models were closed. She provided me with the info and when I asked if she honestly couldn't show me the apartments she said everything is closed up and she was about to leave. I didn't insist and will never rent from this complex. I've never had an experience like this at other properties. This is really disappointing as it seemed like a nice place. But if managers are to busy to accommodate prospective tenants I can't imagine how they attend to their current renters.
5	The office and maintenance staff is perfect.  The units are beautiful, spacious, and affordable.  The pool area is awesome, and I could live here forever.  Some inconsiderate residents sometimes leave litter and dog poop in the common areas, but the office staff is working on it.  I think it is pretty quiet here thankfully, but that depends how inconsiderate your neighbors are in that respect as well.  Mine are pretty good.
