3	First you have to ring a buzzer to be let in.  Then when they open the door they confirm your "membership".  Located in a shady shopping center next to Hot Bodies Spa which I'm guessing is an erotic massage parlor or some creepy crap and Hush Club which is a swinger sex bar.  According to the management do to the debauchery next door they won't allow men inside the store.   Many years ago I got into an argument with someone claiming he was the owner about discriminatory practices while his two doberman pincers jumped all over me.  They aren't licensed as a private club yet they operate as one.   I used to really like the selection of merchandise in years past.  Now they  have 2X the space and use it on things that don't interest me like salon services and dance classes.  I don't know if they have changed ownership or buyers or both.  The selection used to have range.  It was fun.  This last visit I found nothing but dull cookie cutter crap.  It's still a fun store overall.  I have found cute stuff here over the years so I will continue to shop here from time.
5	I really enjoy shopping here. The girls that work there are always really nice, helpful, and never try to pressure u into buying anything! They have a good variety of thongs, g-strings, etc... as well as outfits, shoes, and accessories. I like how Its private and not a sex/adult store.. just a store for exotic dancers to buy clothing, accesories and shoes. I'm REALLY picky, but i always manage to find something that i like. :]]]There is a salon attached, i've never personally got my hair done there, but i have heard that it can get a bit pricey.
5	This is my all-time favorite store to purchase exotic wear from! The heels are the best!! Some of the outfits can get a bit pricey, but alot of the simple pieces are pretty reasonably priced; besides, i don't mind paying a little extra for something i want.. The staff here is super friendly and always ready to answer any questions or give advice without pressuring you into buying anything extra. They have a nice variety of basic colored bikini-style tops and bottoms for dancers.
4	Honestly.. It's a one stop shop!  I needed shoes and found not one pair but two pairs; one of which were on clearance!!  I ended up finding some hair products that I haven't been able to locate in a regular drug store along with some g strings and a bikini for work.  I was able to sign up for their membership (which is totally free for entertainers FYI) and I was able to get an additional discount!!  The girl with the greenish hair helped me and was super informative.  I would recommend this shop to any of my friends in the entrainment industry or not.
3	This is the main store, but it's also in a few strip clubs around town including my club (rhino) good selection of clothes, shoes, and jewelry. Sadly, I wish some of the people were friendlier. And they had more of a selection if clothes. I dont know maybe that's just me.
5	The store is well organized & pretty quiet when I was there. This place has a good selection of shoes, g-strings, etc. It was my first time in there so I spent a lot of time looking at everything (they have a ton of stuff) & the girl behind the counter was patient and helpful. Probably my new favorite store of this kind. :)
