5	I'm a doctor-phobe. No, seriously! I'll get the sweats and shakes and sit in my car for 30 minutes before I can muster up the courage to get my legs moving to go into a doctor's office. I've gone through some truly horrible primary care physicians in this town but I'm so happy I have finally found Dr. Ricciardi! No longer am I fearful of the doctor!Creative Health Solutions specializes in weight and weight-related medical issues and disorders, but you don't have to be overweight for their primary care practice. I have a family history of high blood pressure so I knew a specialist in this type of field would be the perfect match for me. If you have any blood pressure or blood sugar issues, this doctor would be a great match for you too. The office is clean, comfortable and most important, VERY FRIENDLY! It's relatively easy to get an appointment and the staff is extremely professional from the nursing staff to the receptionists and billing department. The office is cheerful and modern with colorful paint and positive messages posted all around. And if you ARE a "person of size," even the waiting room has extra large chairs and sofas without arms so you'll fit. I don't dread going to the doctor anymore!Dr. Ricciardi is very thorough and spends as much time with you as you need. I have never once felt rushed during an appointment. He also likes to focus on preventative medicine and making easy lifestyle changes (diet, exercise, etc.) in lieu of prescribing a bunch of pricey drugs. If you need a drug he'll find the best one for you, but he won't rush to load you up with a ton of meds. He also orders bloodwork and lab tests yearly and I really feel like he keeps on top of my health to catch any problem areas BEFORE they become major problems. Nobody likes going to the doctor, but this place makes it a heck of a lot easier. I loved Dr. Ricciardi so much that now my husband is a primary care patient too. Highly recommended.
1	Stay away! After 5 visits averaging 30+ minutes waiting for the doctor, I show up 10 minutes late and I am turned away. The Dr. was not even professional enough to come out and tell me himself. I was the last appointment of the day at 3pm so perhaps he had somewhere better to be. He's kind of weired to top it off. Always trying to "up sell" you on some product he schleps in the office.
5	The Best Experience I have ever had with a Doctor, truly an outstanding physician. When I moved to Las Vegas, I needed a primary care Physician and I am so glad Dr, Riccardi was recommended to me and my family. I've met so many doctors that are arrogant, disinterested, preoccupied, rushed, etc. Dr. Riccardi met my high standards and has blown away my low expectations that come with the reputations of most Doctors in this town.It's relatively easy to get an appointment and the staff is extremely professional and, very friendly! The waiting area is pleasant, and cozy. I have never waited more than 10 -15 minutes to see the Dr.Dr. Ricciardi is very thorough and spends as much time with you as you need. I have never once felt rushed during an appointment.  He talks to you frankly, in terms you understand, and he doesn't waste your or his time over-explaining things. He tells you how it is and how to get it fixed.  Other than the obvious things you want in a doctor; smart, competent, etc. he's also down-to-earth, and easy to talk to. His bedside manor makes it seem like you're getting good advice from a personal friend that happens to be a doctor. After 7 years without a check- up, I went there finding out (after some blood work he sent me out for) I had, high Cholesterol, high blood pressure, and high blood sugar. Dr, Riccardi resolved it really fast. He cares about his patients and sends you only to the best specialists. He also orders blood work and lab tests bi yearly and I really feel like he keeps on top of my health to catch any problem areas BEFORE they become major problems again. I have highly recommended him to co-workers and friends, and everyone thanks me. I wish I could give him 10 STARS!
5	What stands out to me the most about Dr Ricciardi is how you feel he genuinely cares and listens. He never rushes you. With other Drs I walk out feeling that I did not ask all my questions or express health concerns I had. Dr Ricciardi seems to have gotten into this job field to TRULY HELP PEOPLE!I HIGHLY RECOMMEND Dr Ricciardi and his staff.
4	He has moved since the last time we say him but its the hubbys doctor and he likes him and the staff so we will continue to return as needed.
5	This office is the best in Vegas. It has the most knowledgeable Dr's I have found in the valley. They are always cheerful and upbeat. They really care and want you to achieve your goal and be as healthy as you can be. The office staff are great! They are always friendly and ready to help. I have never had to wait, ever. They never up-sell anything. I have no clue what that negative Nancy is talking about that gave a bad review about this office and Dr. I recommend you read all the reviews and give this office a try and leave your honest review afterwards. Thank you Creative Health Solutions!
5	I have been going to CHS for about nine months now and can't possibly explain all the amazing things they have done for me! Both Dr. Ricciardi's (husband and wife) are amazing and truly care about me as a person and my health, both physically and emotionally. This practice is completely unlike any other practice in Las Vegas. They have amazing philosophies and methodologies that truly allowed me to take hold of my own life and work towards a new healthier me! Both Dr.'s are personable, easy to talk to, professional, kind-hearted, genuine, intelligent, caring, and insightful! I would, without a doubt, recommend this facility to anyone who is looking to improve their life!!!
5	I have only attended the Healthy Habits Group led by Dr. Lindsey Ricciardi, not office visits with Dr. Dominic Ricciardi. I am so glad I decided to attend this group, which is a teaching group, not a support group. Lindsey talks about how to change your thinking. The most important thing I got out of the group was feeling better about my body. I don't have to be a size 6 or 8 to feel good about myself. I feel good about the body I have now. One of the most important parts of the experience was getting to hear the other group members' experiences.  I value that the most.  The group was about 10 weeks long. It was not very expensive and worth every penny. Diane, the office manager and all other reception staff are outstanding.
5	My husband and I have been seeing Dr. Ricciardi, and now Dena Clark for several years now. I am so extremely picky about doctors, especially in Vegas...there are so many baddies out here. I can't speak enough for Creative Health Solutions...they have changed my life, and other family members lives for the better (things that other doctors overlooked time and time again) and I will forever be grateful for that. Aside from our personal experiences...here are the important details you probably want to know.We've never had to wait longer than 15 minutes to be seen, and that's unusual...we are normally taken back within 5 minutes of our appointment time. They respect our time, so they expect their patients to hold up their end of the bargain too.The billing department has always worked with us, been very friendly and understanding of our situation at times when our medical bills were really stacking up.We have always felt like the doctors here LISTEN, and not only do they listen, but they care. We have never felt like a number or just another patient.The front-office staff and the manager have been there a long time now. They have always been professional, friendly and helpful. To be fair, we've had a few ups and downs with the front office staff, but they are typically very on top of things and always return calls which I appreciate, especially when one of us is not feeling well.
5	Just left the office after my first visit. Met with Dana and she is absolutely amazing! I am so so glad that I found them.... Highly recommended!
1	I am very unhappy that I spent the money and time to go to dr dana clark just to have her drop me for no apparent reason. I saw her for my first appointment in May and she told me the office would be moving just across the street and I was due to have another appointment in July and after I didnt recieve a call from her assistant I call the office to get the answering service tell me that dr dana clark will not be opening the new office and will not be available for services, says that she is sending out notices to all her current patients to find a new practitioner?? No answers or explanations and I am just frustrated and confused! Guess I will just have to go find someone else accepting new patients and hope that they dont do this to me, too!!! I am really frustrated because I really liked dr dana clark and searched a long time before i chose her. Now i have to start all over and hope to find someone that I will feel comfortable with, very stressful!
