5	After learning that a vape shop was opening so close by my house I was ecstatic. Last Friday I had walked just to check the shop out and was greeted by the friendly staff of Stella vapors lounge. The staff left a good first impression and I decided to walk in Sunday to get a fresh build in. I was greeted by Damian who did a wonderful job in accommodating a build just for my preference. Definitely a wonderful vape shop and I would recommend any fellow vapor to stop by.
5	Great selection of premium juice, authentic mods and atomizers, batteries, wire, etc. The staff are knowledgeable, friendly, and very helpful. SVLCO is a place I would highly recommend to all vapers regardless if you are a beginner just looking to quit smoking or an advanced vaper chasing clouds.
5	Awesome place! Just moved to the area and decided to stop in. Everything was clean, the products were great and the staff was above and beyond helpful.
5	SLVCO! Seems like Vegas is finally starting to get some good quality vape shops! I really like this place. Great juices and great staff. I went in just to check it out and honestly thought I wouldn't like it. BUT I fell in love with it. There juice selection is amazing! And the staff was very welcoming and helpful. It's nice to be able to just chill, vape and hangout with the staff. They are extremely encouraging of a healthier lifestyle and THAT is what the community is all about. It's far from my house, but I make sure to visit every chance I get and it's worth the drive every time! Worth a trip! Check them out!
5	SVLCO is an amazing vape shop, I was out in vegas for my birthday and the first day we arrived we went vape shop hopping. We went there a day after their soft opening but a day before they actually opened so they were technically closed and they were still setting up, but since we were on vacation they were very nice and let us in anyways, they introduced themselves and let us sample juices, and we fell in love with ballistic vapes very strawberry .  Their shop is nicely setup with a juice bar on one end, a build station on the other and and comfy couches to relax. Their customer service is on point and they know their shit! When we go back to Vegas in a few months we will stop by and chill some more. Thank you guys for your wonderful hospitality!
5	What a shop! They carry a couple different lines of juices/liquids and every one of them taste and vape great! The carry many different mods to choose from with a variety of drip tips which i was told should be coming soon to the shop. They do builds as well for all you cloud chasers out there! Amazing top notch customer service which is not common with many shops in the Las Vegas valley unfortunately. They also offer events for those who are new to vaping, experienced Vapers, and those who are still currently smoking traditional cigarettes but want to convert to smoking. They also hold Cloud Competitions which normally features free food, as well as a live DJ and it's a great opportunity to meet new friends, win a new mod/juice, and to just have a great time with people who share common interest. This shop is an all around great shop on every aspect!!
5	My first time visiting was quite pleasant the minute I walked in the door. Damien was extremely friendly but not in that creepy hovering sort of way. He gave me great suggestions on which juice to try based on what I like. He was easy to talk to and I sat there for well over an hour just talking and trying great juice. The shop is beautiful and inviting with a juice bar to test, a buold station, showcases that are well stocked, nice comfortable furniture to sit and lounge on, and a TV. There is plenty of parking and easy to access. I can only suggest they get some signage above their shop.
5	I was having some lunch with some friends at DW bistro (another review I need to get done), and my buddy mentions that there's a new vape shop in the same shopping center we should check out. This is a nice spot! They have a ton of ejuices from various suppliers...most of which I've never heard of, but the ones I tried were spectacular. One in particular: Apple High by Fierce Juice. Wow.I glanced at their mods and atomizers (if I do more than that, I'll end up buying one!). But what I saw was impressive: plume veil, Vulcan, nemesis. I got to talking with the owner about one I really want to get my hands on, the veritas. He said he'd order it for me and get me a fair price! Now that's customer service!Speaking of service, these guys are legit. Super helpful and nice. Very easy going...they just love vaping and you can tell! I came here on a whim and I'm glad I did. I'll definitely be back...especially for that veritas!
5	This place is great.  The guy that helped me (Damien I think) was super helpful.  I am always searching around town for shops that carry E-licube Pink Starburst and these guys hooked it up.  They also have a ton of different juices from Cali that you don't normally found in Las Vegas.  Great Shop.
5	Saw this place on the way to Starbucks and had to check it out. Reviewing as a fairly new, but regular cape enthusiast, I've been vaping for a good 5-6 months now on a sigelei and orchid, normally going to other shops near the strip.This shop blew me away, not much like the smaller shops that you see normally on this side of town. They have some crazy juice lines I didn't know where to start. Fortunately the owner (I believe) helped me out. Tried so many juices I had never even heard of and the flavor won me over. Will be returning for my next restock of juice. Thanks so much Stella vapors.
5	Went on a mission for a different juice, discovered this shop delivered that had brands I haven't seen at a lot of other shops around town. Person behind counter was very friendly and helpful. Had casual convo while trying juice. Will be back to this shop for juice in the future!
5	Decided to come by around 8pm with Ex  military uncle and his buddy.  As soon as we walked in got greeted and were helped quickly..  My uncle got 2 batteries and some juice and I got some juice as well.  Their line of juices are amazing and the employees were amazing people they are helpful and they offered me a cotton change for my little boy dropper..  Deffinately going back and I'm from the eastside
