2	Very beautiful bar...but BORING!!!!
3	This review is actually for my visits to the Horizon Ridge/Horizon Drive location, I couldn't find a Yelp listing for it.PTs has been serving the Vegas Valley since 1982. This hometown bar/restaurant has been consistently popular ever since, and tons of properties have popped up all across the area. First and foremost, I have to say I am surprised at the atmosphere of this place. It is quite elaborately decorated, plus there are TVs all over the wall so that you can watch newscasts and sporting events alike. Perhaps the best thing about this place is that they have a huge, enclosing glass wall, complete with door, separating the restaurant from the bar area. That is an ingenious idea, and I wish more restaurants would follow their example. The menu is larger and more diverse than you would expect. The place carries tons of dishes, including a number of monthly "special" items. I have tried numerous entrees here, and don't really recall ever eating something I didn't like. The Mardi Gras Chicken Breast is to die for, and the Zookie (a fresh-baked cookie piled up with ice cream and chocolate syrup) is simply amazing.However, I was VERY disappointed to see that the place doesn't carry shakes. Given their ice cream-based desert items, I don't see how much harder it would be to make these. If such great food items and good, separated atmosphere, then why only a 3-star rating? Two main reasons:1) Even when the place is practically dead, the table tops are always dirty. It's pretty sad when I have to come in with my family to eat and choose the "least dirty" booth to sit in. 2) The service is VERY SLOW. There are friendly employees here who recognize us when we visit, and I appreciate that. But they just aren't around enough - don't know if this is a staffing issue or what. When my dad asks me to go to the bar to get him another beer because the server is taking too long, that's the first sign that the service is too slow.PT's has good food and a better atmosphere than you would expect. I only wish the service and restaurant cleanliness were up to snuff. If you want a quick dining experience with decent food, though, you've come to the right place.UPDATE: My opinion of this place has gone down severely for two reasons:1) They have taken all soup off their menu. You've got to be kidding. I get sick and tired of seeing places do this, and now PTs can be added to that list.2) Happy hour ends at 7. We got there at least 5 minutes before 7, and the server didn't get to us until after 7 because they are all incompetent and slow. And they REFUSED TO HONOR HAPPY HOUR, even though WE WERE THERE ON TIME. The server said some BS about the computer changing after 7. If that's the problem, just ring up every other drink! It isn't rocket science!
4	Yes, I am a fan. Maybe even a super fan. I have now been to this specific PT's on Eastern and St.Rose and had an excellent experience. When I first arrived I was alone and the bartender immediately came over to me even though I had zero makeup on and glasses. Major points for that. He was friendly and told me about their Golden Rewards Club which I was instantly sold on. Half off pizza and booze from 3p-7p. This made my Ginger Ale-Vodkas under $4 a piece. Which the bartender stayed on top of. But the star of this show was the freakin pizza. I must say I haven't stopped thinking about it. On Facebook I might put myself in a relationship(not open) with the Gilroy Pizza from Pt's. A perfectly crisp thin crust with Zesty garlic ranch sauce, cheese, pepperoni, Italian sausage, mushroom and diced tomatoes. It was the bomb!!!! I had a moment with this pizza and almost ate the entire pie on my own. Even if you are not a drinker go just for this pie. The bathrooms and bar area were spotless and two thumbs up for the service. The reason it gets a four is because I am not huge on the red plastic cups used as ashtrays and the smoking in general. Sorry smokers, but smoking is so 1989. Yes, I will be back for the pie and the booze this week!!!!!!
4	Not the best bar, but bartenders were super nice and hooked it up :)
3	A PT"s is a PT's is a...well you get it. Great happy hour and the food is slightly better than bar average. Service always seems slow but tolerable. We generally smoke cigars there and nobody seems to mind, so that is a huge plus. Get some eager cute waitresses and this becomes a 4 star place!
3	It might be easier to just list their regular-priced schedules, since their happy hours are extensive. Half-priced drinks and half-priced pizza (surprisingly good with a super thin, crispy crust) are available 3-7 p.m. And again 12mn through 5 a.m.  They have around 20 beers on tap and regular price for 32oz is around $7 and $3.50 at happy hour. The ambience is pleasant enough, the furniture comfortable enough, with flat screens scattered liberally throughout. Nothing to write home about, but a perfectly adequate neighborhood bar.
2	Cant remember exactly which location I went to but they are all over the fricken place it seems so I am sure they are about the same no matter the location. As one person put it, a PTs is a PTs is a PTs. Anyways, went to Vegas 4th of July weekend 2011 to visit a friend. We were going to see Ralphie May the night I got there so my friend took me to PT's for a bite to eat before the show since this place was close to the casino and it was supposed to be "fast." Although the waitress was nice, I am pretty sure she forgot about us after she dropped off our food cause we waited around forever for her to refill drinks and just to get our check. PTs is a smoking bar also so if you hate the smell of cigarette smoke, you should not come here. Also, because of this, children (under 18 that is) are not allowed in this bar/ restaurant. No for the food, my friend ordered a chicken sammich which she said was really dry and the chicken was overcooked. I ordered the BLTA which was ok but the bread was toasted to the point of being difficult to bite into and it cut up the roof of my mouth. I was not impressedPT's is one of those places that is on every corner in LV it seems and I am not sure why. Maybe they have awesome drinks and drink specials or something because I can't honestly see how there would be such a demand to warrant having so many locations when judging by my experience, this place was crap. The extra star is simply because the atmosphere was clean, our waitress friendly (although still kinda sucky), big water cups so we didnt have to wait for as many refills, and I remember the fries being decent. Other than that, I don't think I will ever understand the appeal of PT's from investors willing to open so many freakin locations!
2	I live nearby this one and have gone in a few times.  It never gets any better.  Once I ordered chicken and waffles.  They gave me one crusty frozen waffle and two dinky pieces of stauffer's frozen chicken and a plastic cup with cold syrup in it.  Another time my wife ordered a lemon drop.  The indifferent bartender gave her an unchilled shot with no sugar or lemon wedge and charged us eight bucks for it.  That same night we had probably 3 big beers a piece, some shots, and split some mozzarella sticks.  We also each lost $20 on the machines.  Our bill for drinks and food even though we were playing, and part of the time was happy hour, was about $80.  So did we have $120 worth of fun?  Nope.  The message I got was clear:  "We don't care about your business, give us your money and leave."
1	We walked in last night which was friday to grab a couple of beers and some food. We sat at the bar and the bartender told us that it would be awhile for him to get to us and he had a couple of people in front of us to get drinks for. I didn't mind and we waited 10 minutes or so for the bartender to take a drink order. As we were waiting I ask one of the cocktail waitresses if they had any ipa's on draft and she proceeds to tell me go look on the other side of the bar. So I walk around the bar and find that they have stone ipa. I was annoyed that she couldn't just tell me this instead of telling me to walk around to the other side of the bar. She should learn some hospitality tips. So finally the bartender asks for a drink order and I order the ipa. 10 minutes pass and still no brew so we just walk out. Coming from the service industry I was extremely disappointed about the service and lack of hospitality. Totally turned off by this place which sucks being so close to my house.
5	Always great service,  has never been too crowded and they have drink specials.
5	Hidden on the corner of Eastern & Sun Ridge this pt's is a nice place to relax & enjoy some food & drinks. Come see Josh at night, great bartender.
5	Very clean, comfortable bar. Great food and the day bartender Melissa is a lot of fun. Kinda hidden in the plaza but worth looking for.
2	A bit of a painful star rating,  the place used to better until new management took over.  Since the management the good quality has decreased, the staff are not very talkative, and service is slower.  Food is average bar food, they have a pool table but over all your best bet is to by pass this bar and travel down the road a bit.
1	I really wish I could give this place zero stars! But since I can't, I'll say that one star is for the food because it is the only thing that's worth mentioning. I went here with my best friend for a quick girl's night out and the drinks were terrible. Shannon was our bartender/waitress and the poor lady can't make drinks to save her life. We left after paying our bill and said maybe she was having a bad night, so we'll try again another time since we live so close. Today was the day for that 2nd chance....maybe Shannon has a bad night every night because today was worse than the last time. My drink was so bad, I sent it back and asked for it to be remade. When she brought back, it was just as bad as before so I left the whole drink on the table (the 1st drink was practically full also). When she brought the bill, she had charged me for 2 drinks. Absolutely not, you see this whole drink in front of you and you know you took almost another full drink away because I was not happy with them. So why are you charging me for two drinks???My friend ordered a drink and hers wasnt too bad so she was going to order another one since it was happy hour, but Shannon deliberately did not come back to the table until 701p (when happy hour was over). We had our food and it was all pretty much gone with no service to see how it was, if anything was needed. Nothing! Was she busy, NOPE!! There were only 3 other ppl in the place. It's practically a ghost town in there. That's how I know it was deliberate. Also when I ordered my food, I informed her that the last time I was there, I was charged for sweet potato fries but didn't get them. I didn't fret last time over the $2, but I did mention it because I wanted to be sure I received them this time. Do you think she was friendly and offered to take the extra $2 off this order for her mistake last time??? Nope!! So will I ever go back to this PTs that is close to my home, yes I will. For chicken only (because it was very good) but not at all for drinks! We are now here at Winchells and my Long Island Iced Tea is amazing. Thank you Jasmine for setting this night right Shannon, come down here and take some lessons on customer service AND bartending!!
