1	I used to be one of Tracy's clients .Beauty Works Scotland is her salon and I hadn't seen her for a couple of years . For the first time in my life I have something special planned for a Valentine's Night so I made an appointment on the 25th of January to get my hair and makeup done on Saturday the 15th as part of my glamorous day . On Thursday the 6th February I noticed I had missed a call in the evening from Beauty Works Scotland . I called back on Saturday to be told that Tracy has a wedding on the 15th and won't be doing my hair and makeup . This is about the 4th time that this has happened to me with Tracy and Beauty Works Scotland. I was really upset because it took almost 2 weeks for someone to call and tell me .  I also can't get an appointment with either my regular hairdresser or any of the girls who regularly do my makeup when I have a night out planned on such a busy day.I emailed Tracy last Sunday morning to tell her how upset and disappointed I was but she hasn't even responded or apologised yet . This isn't nearly as upsetting and unprofessional as something that she did to me on one of my first appointments with her though .....  In the past I had only gone to beauty therapists and hairdressers when I needed waxing or when my hair needed cutting or colouring . I felt quite vulnerable in salons . Beauty Works Scotland was close to my home and usually seemed empty so I could always get an appointment . Cheryl ,who still works there , did my highlights the first time I went there . When I met her she took my jacket without even taking off the gloves that she was wearing to colour someone's hair . Of course when she handed my jacket back at the end of my appointment it had dye on it and I had to have it dry cleaned . Cheryl told me that she didn't like the shades of colours I chose for my highlights and although I asked her to set my hair on rollers a few times she just blow dried it . I was glad though as it got the appointment over quicker . I continued to get my brows waxed there because Tracy is very good with brows . Tracy was also the first person to do my nails. After my first file and polish I made an appointment with Tracy to get my brows and lashes tinted . She had an offer on in the window of her salon. I had never tried that before but I felt comfortable with Tracy as she seemed a genuine , warm and funny person . I also made an appointment with Tracy to do my hair at the same time . Cheryl had gone on maternity leave and I had told Tracy I didn't want Denise ,the new hairdresser near my hair again. I also wanted Tracy to do my hair as it was cut perfectly at the time. The girl who had last cut my hair had just died and my hair was really important to me .  After Tracy had finished my eye treatments she took me back through to the hair salon and put a gown on me. I sat down in the shampoo chair and looked up at Tracy who said " I am going to get Denise to do your hair today" .I was too shocked to move . Having already sat down to get my hair washed I felt I could hardly get up and leave because Tracy had decided she wasn't doing my hair . I still feel ashamed to write this but I let Denise do my hair that day. When she was finished my hair she went through to find out from Tracy how much to charge me . Tracy charged me the full price on both my eye treatments as well as for Denise doing my hair even though she knew I didn't want Denise near my hair . I went through to the back of her salon to mention that it was illegal to charge me more than was advertised in her window but I felt even more rejected and humiliated to find Tracy lying on her bed reading a magazine . Tracy had been having a rest while I had just felt walked all over by letting Denise do my hair .Tracy told me that she had meant to take the sign out of the window . When I asked her why she didn't do my hair she told me that she was paying Denise and she didn't want her sitting doing nothing while she did my hair . I have never had a professional person do anything so lazy, insensitive and fraudulent to me before and I still have nightmares about what Tracy did to me . I also have panic attacks when I go to my new hairdresser , who treats me like a princess and is horrified that another hairdresser would behave as badly as Tracy does .One of my reasons for making my recent appointment with Tracy was so I could finally have a really nice appointment and put to rest how rejected I had felt about my past experiences. Of course I realise it was a mistake to go back now.This is the first time I have written an online review but I don't want Tracy or Cheryl ruining anyone's wedding or treating anyone else as badly as Tracy treated me . I hope you don't already have an appointment booked . If you do then I would advise you to take a deposit from Tracy. From my experience she cant be trusted
