4	Uhm, can you say hot pastrami and sauerkraut sandwich?  Nice.  This place has a pretty good selection of sandwiches, and they all looked good (it definitely took me a long time to figure out what I wanted).  It's a few bucks more than Sticklers, but for all the extra choices, I'd say it's worth it -- another good place for lunch if you work downtown and all you ever eat are sandwiches.
2	Duck and Decanter is surprisingly uninspired food.  I wouldn't recommend this as a meal for a downtown diner unless your choices are down to this and Quizno's.  My prosciutto sandwich was dreadfully boring, equal to something you'd probably get in a nice, fancypants hospital like the Mayo Clinic.  There, it would be awesome, but here, as a downtown staple is not noteworthy whatsoever.
4	One of my favorite veggie sandwiches ever!  The sandwich is called "Where's the Beef?" and any menu planner / company owner with a sense of humor is A-OK in my book!  Comes with tomatoes, celery, sprouts, lettuce, avocados, cucumbers, jicama, and pinenuts.  I recommend adding spicy mustard and havarti cheese.Great place for a downtown lunch.  There are lots of places that do sadwiches.  I go to Jacquees for good Boar's Head meat, I go to Sticklers for the delicious fresh bread, and I go to D&D for the unique hot and signature sandwiches on their menu.  Soups change daily, as does a flavored tea, staff is hit or miss on friendliness.Today I got to try the Buffalo Chicken Soup and was impressed! Then again, how can you go wrong with a creamy chicken soup with that tangy, spicy buffalo flavor? The good news: I could probably eat 3 bowls. The bad news: I could probably eat 3 bowls. Calorie counters - stay away from this soup!D&D can get very busy around noon, along with many of the downtown places.  I suggest calling in your order if you don't want to wait -OR- you can even use their website to order online.  Cool!!
3	Being that this place is in my building this was only my second visit here in.   Today, famished and slightly bored at my desk I stopped in for some breakfast, being Cinco de Mayo they were running a special on their breakfast burrito (Burrito, cookie/chips and drink...$5ish).  While it took a while to get my burrito (they were working on a few other call-in/internet orders), I paced and checked out the items in the shelves.  The quality of the burrito is pretty good.  Just the right amount of cheese and bacon , the salsa on the side is good as well.   It's a relatively quick simple option for me.
3	Working downtown over the summer, this was the best lunch resource in a mediocre bunch. Duck and Decanter was always busy during the lunch rush, and they do make a good sandwich, but they are way over priced. I come from hoagie country in Philly, so I know my sandwiches. I don't mind paying if the quality is there, but some things that D&D did really rubbed me the wrong way. For example, the add on fees. A turkey sandwich is already 6.25 (not that big of a sandwich). They charge 25 cents to add onions... onions! 35 cents for horseradish, 35 cents for hot mustard, 25 cents for sprouts, 25 cents for butter, 25 cents for cucumber slices,  and while I understand the charge... they charge 3.50 to add bacon!!!... I got this added to a sandwich one time just out of curiosity. Maybe it would be the best sandwich ever, I mean $3.50 bacon could be immaculate. Maybe I set the bar too high, but their bacon was terrible. A 6.25 dollar sandwich could easily turn in to an 10-11 dollar sandwich. Anywhere else in the valley, this same sandwich would be the same price (6.25) or cheaper.After my summer job was completed, I never set foot in a Duck and Decanter again. It just felt like a clip joint that offered okay to good food.
4	This location is not as fun inside as the Camelback one -- that one feels like an old house with old school candy and toys etc to play with while you wait...but they do make great sandwiches, sides (potato salad) & I just found out they serve breakfast all day...if they were a little closer to my building I'd definitely check that out.  Today I got a half Genoa sandwich (salami, spinach and yummy chive cream cheese) with a side of potato salad (has celery, peppers and is delish)
3	If you're a Downtowner who yearns for a handcrafted sandwich featuring high-end meats and cheeses on a variety of fresh-made breads, you can do a whole lot worse than this tried and true Downtown Phoenix lunch spot.I usually stick with the roast beef and swiss with sprouts and mustard on sourdough bread but the specialty sammies are also good (the Vermont, for instance, is legit). The interior is spacious to handle the lunchtime crowds and you get a nice view of the hustle and bustle on Washington Street. Service-wise D&D is adequate. I'd prefer a few more smiles but the counter folks are busting their humps getting the sack lunches out on time so I can understand that opportunity for idle chit-chat is in short supply.It's hard to get out of there for less than $10 if you get chips and a drink, which puts in in the mid-range for Downtown lunch values. It's local, so I don't mind paying a buck or two more.Definitely recommend this joint for anyone craving a tasty sandwich made with care.
4	The salads and sandwiches here are very good, but this review tipped the review from a 3-star to a 4-star when the cashier specifically asked how to spell my name when taking my order.  Very cool.  I like the variety of lunch options available here, and also a fan of turning any sandwich into a salad.  My coworkers and I always go here when travelling to Phoenix on business.
3	My co-worker had a coupon for a buy one get one free sandwich and we decided to do this for lunch today. I happen to LOVE duck and when i saw the duckling on the menu I knew i had to try it. It is smoked duck beast & smoked turkey breast with cream cheese & cranberry sauce with spicy sprouts & spring greens on wheat walnut cranberry bread. I loved it, even though it is a little on the sweet side and i tend to eat foods more in the savory or spicy categories. We went to the downtown location & it was a bit of a drive for us coming from the Tempe area & parking in downtown at lunch is always a challenge. It was a really nice treat, but a little pricey for a lunch sandwich, especially when you add on the time to get there and some change for the parking meters. Might visit again if I happen to be in the area.
4	Their sandwiches are delicious.  I like the Camelback location much better as it offers meat and cheese plates in addition to their sandwiches.  The Central location is very fast paced.  Order ahead if at all possible.  This is a little on the pricey side, but the ingredients are very high quality.
2	Wouldn't recommend this place for breakfast... Not bad but really nothing special and pretty overpriced. We ordered the full sized breakfast burritos with cheddar and black forest bacon. Bacon was chewy and tasted like it came out of a microwave and probably could've made something better at home. $21 for the burritos and 2 bottled waters. Seat yourself and pick up at the counter. Friendly service and clean but boring, bland ambiance. Nothing like the location at Town and Country. Try the breakfast club across the street.
5	I love being in downtown Phoenix and this was a perfect lunch spot ! I love their other location as well on Camelback.  I'm always happy with their fresh food and great service - another must go if you haven't yet !
5	I'll start with the disclaimer that I REALLY like the people that work at this place which is downstairs from my work.  The food is always great quality and if you need a last minute "gift," they have wine and many other goodies to make a  basket (which I have done).The happy hour serves local beers and their house wine is only $3.00 which makes it irresistible for a bargain shopper like me (and it's good too).Stop by and say hello to Ally, Pierce, Gloria and Dave - and rest of the gang.  People are not strangers there for long!
5	I love the Duck! Best quality sandwich in town! Yeah they are a little expensive, but if it's good, I don't mind spending the money. Who wants cheap crap? No thank you!I swung by on my way home the other day to grab some lunch for the boyfriend and I and I was a little worried about the parking situation.... but I was pleasantly surprised that there was no issue. Lunch in downtown had just wrapped up as it was about 2pm so it was fairly quiet. Pulled into a metered spot, that even had 45 minutes left on it from the last person, THANK YOU!I recommend either the turkey with provolone on a butter croissant OR the pastrami with swiss on sour dough. Make sure to grab some pickles when you check out, they are the best!
3	Convenient to Convention Center, bagged lunch/counter service, if you're dining in head to somewhere else, maybe Chloe's nearby for good service and more flavor.  $14 for small tomato soup and large tuna salad from counter service is excessive, downtown pricing I suppose.  Couldn't even get hot sauce for my soup without paying extra (you can buy one of those tiny Tabasco bottles for $.69), the tuna salad caesar from Chloe's had a lot more flavor.They do have free wireless and a decent amount of seating.
5	One of my favorite sandwich places since the early 80s...it's my NOONER stop any time I am downtown Phoenix, or at the Town and Country area...bread so fresh and such tasty sandwiches for all tastes.
4	I had their chef salad with the house mustard poppy seed. For the money, it was a really good salad and I enjoyed their different varieties of tea. I do think it seemed a bit wasteful to give everyone a brown paper sack to hold their food, even if you were dining in. I might ask them to skip that if possible next time and save a tree! I'll definitely be back to try more stuff soon!
4	"The Duck" as I like to call it never disappoints. This, as with all places downtown, gets pretty busy so I would recommend going earlier in the lunch hours. My two staple sandwiches are the fiery Italian (and it is) and a build my own with turkey and havarti. The fiery Italian is as it sounds, the usual Italian meats and cheese but it's their hot peppers that give it the extra something. Also, the quality of their products make it a much better sandwich than a lot of the other options in the area. The best part of the build my own is the champagne mustard. It's kind of like a honey mustard but possibly more delicious. If you are downtown and looking for a sandwich this is definitely the best option for quality and taste.
4	So as often as I go and as much as I enjoy this place I decided to update my review.  This is absolutely my favorite spot downtown for a sandwich.  Sure you can get Subway or Jimmy Johns for cheaper (not by much) but here you get QUALITY.  Their menu selections has something for just about anyone (they now started carrying gluten free bread) , sandwiches, soups, salads and pastries.  They also have a convenient online ordering system so you can place your order and pick up when you are ready.  Their sandwiches are fresh made to order with exactly what you want.  Try one of their signature sandwiches, YUM! Or keep it simple...it's your choice. If you are not that hungry they offer a mini version of most sandwiches (using one slice of bread but super generous fillings)  I personally prefer to keep it simple, generally going for one of the following, ham sandwich on dark rye with everything, egg salad on dark rye (no cheese) with everything or peanut butter (house made) with honey on whole grain. They offer a variety of beverages including beer, wine and fresh brewed iced tea. You can feed your sweet tooth here with a variety of pastries or select candies they offer.  A happy hour is offered in the evenings, sometimes with live music.  The service is quick , friendly and the ingredients fresh.  Crisp leaf lettuce and tomato on your sandwich are not treated as an afterthought here.  They take pride in their quality and presentation.  Skip the big chains across the street and shop this local AZ business.
4	I always enjoy days when I work downtown with clients because there are so many choices for Lunch. I love the Duck & Decanter on Camelback so decided to give the downtown location a try. Before I reached the door entrance, I could smell the baked goodness coming from within. Staff was friendly and efficient. My Chicken sandwich was yummy and coffee was delish. Gotta love & support worthy local businesses!
4	Good place to grab breakfast that doesn't cost a fortune.
1	Been trying for 30 mins on and off to order a delivery. I get voice mail and nothing else.
4	Fresh soups, sandwiches salads & more, all made quickly with fresh quality ingredients.All the sandwiches I have ordered here are consistently good.  The bread is always soft, the lettuce crisp, and the fillings tasty and ample.  I come here often and have yet to have a bad sandwich.The potato salad is crisp and fresh, but not drowning in mayo or dressing.  To some people this could seem bland, however they do a good job at "dancing the line" between too much & too little.A great place for a quick lunch or an impromptu meeting.  The offer dine-in, take-out & catering.
5	Great people and awesome food!!
5	you know that feeling of wanting to try something new and not wanting to settle for good-but-typical restaurants when you're visiting an area? This place does the job for a good price.for it being a specialty sandwich shop (i.e. serving duck), it has reasonable prices (~$8.75) for their signature The Duckling sandwich, which is a like a thanksgiving sandwich with roasted duck breast (Turkey + roasted duck breast + cranberry and walnut relish + cream cheese).  MIND BLOWN. their bread is so soft. its like having pillowfuls of flavor in your mouth.fresh ingredients, so good.My friend had the Brieciutto sandwich (prosciutto, brie, sun-dried tomatoes + champagne mustard) the salty from the prosciutto (which, btw, was of excellent quality; not the waxy, can't-chew-through kind of prosciutto) and the sweet from the tomatoes and brie makes it pretty darn good.they also have so many gourmet snacks, bakery items and sweets on the counter, for the after lunch sweet tooth craving to seal it deal. but what I thought was the winner was their selection of bite-size gourmet cheesees (~$1.50 each) for you to sample with your lunch. I got 3: the Marble, triple creme blue, and the Prima Donna Gouda. if you care, here's the verdict: the marble was surprisingly the most pungent of all. triple creme was the winner, it being creamy and just the right amount of oomph. prima donna gouda was meh. fancy cheese without the price tag commitment? oh yes pls. p.s. why is it so hard to spell prosciutto correctly?
4	I'm in Phoenix on business and decided to hit a local place for lunch. Duck and Decanter is only a few blocks from my hotel, so I thought I'd give it a try. Good choice.This place looks like a regular deli counter where you can buy meat, cheese, and other items, But they make sandwiches there as well -- and from what I can tell, good ones. I decided to stick with the restaurant's theme and get a Duckling sandwich with a glass of wine. The sandwich had smoked duck breast, smoked turkey, cream cheese, and cranberry walnut relish on walnut raisin bread. It kind of reminded me of a Bobbie (a.k.a. Thanksgiving on a bun) from Capriotti's in Las Vegas, except with duck instead of all turkey.Service was a little disorganized. You order on one side, then stand on the other side and wait for your name to be called. It made sense to me, but for some reason people kept cutting in line in front of me to pay before they even got their order.It looks like this place does a lot of carryout business, which is great -- especially if you don't have much time for lunch. But if you have a few minutes, I suggest sitting down, having a glass of wine, and reading through the menu. The Vermont Treat sounds great, as does the D.A.M. Lots of choices for not a lot of money.
5	This is the kind of place that I would visit all the time if I lived nearby. The concept is solid (order what you want and it's written on your brown paper bag, and you pay when they call your name). I chose the spinach salad, which was great quality bacon, feta, and sundried tomatoes on a bed of spinach with a creamy mustard poppy dressing. People were so friendly here, that's what really made it worth it. There were plenty of tables available at noon on a weekday.
4	The duck sandwich was not bad. Maybe a little over priced.
5	Great tasting food, great service and has been around for years. Presence was a mystery to Me for awhile so maybe an Improvement could be better, more recognizable signage out front or up above. Other than that, it's a hidden gem here in downtown
5	Great spot for a quick lunch if you're downtown.  They offer mainly sandwiches,  chips,  soups, Chilli, salads, cookies and coffee/tea/soda. For lunch they pack it to go in a lunch sack. If you park in the parking garage of the building they are in they will validate for 2 hours!
4	The sandwiches are good and the people are friendly.  I like that they are open until 7pm, while most of the sandwich shops close much earlier.  The prices are kind of steep for what the sandwiches are so I marked a star down. I had the d.a.m. Sandwich and the flavors are good.  The coleslaw tastes fresh!  My husband had the bangers sandwich.  It was 9 bucks.  I like that they have the pickles in individual baggies so the lunchtime crowd can just grab and go. Also, they sell cookies and sweet treats.  So that's good.
5	I've been going here since high school, now my kids go too as well as my office and friends.
5	I've been going to this Duck location for the past several months and it never disappoints. I love that it is a family run business. All of the employees are very friendly and helpful. The sandwiches are excellent and they are not shy with the ingredients. They might seem a bit higher priced, but you are paying for quality! And the portions are large so it's worth it.  I have been ordering the Imported Ham - the Duck Way lately and boy is it tasty! I like that this restaurant is open for breakfast, lunch and happy hour because often I need all three for those late or stressful days at the office.
5	I ordered the turkey 'build your own' with marble rye, done up the duck way, plus spinach and champagne mustard spread.  It was very very good with the softest bread and most flavorful tomatoes.  I thoroughly enjoyed my sandwich and the amazing selection of teas.  I refilled several times on the teas.  Additionally, the staff was extremely kind to my 41 students who got in line and ordered from the quality menu.  My students explored the displays, candy, drinks, and extensive menu items; we made reservations in advance with confidence that we chose a family owned business.  One student ordered the curry chicken and told everyone how excited she was to get good curry.  This is my 3rd visit and I am super satisfied.
4	*Thumbs up* This place is has some really good sandwiches, more specifically the Duckling. Ofcourse you will taste the roasted duck in it, but what I'm pointing out here is that the flavor and goodness of this sandwich is truly amazing. It really hits the spot! Oh yeah, the coffee here is great too. Service was okay so it was all fine.
5	Finally after three years I manage to get to the Duck & Decanter in downtown Phoenix! I love the various teas they have to choose from every day. I like the Smoked Turkey on Ciabatta bread, done up the Duck Way, with sour cream & onion chips and a green tea of the day. The folks here are super nice. The location is within walking distance of the USAirways Center and Chase Field. If you work downtown, make this a frequent lunch stop!
4	Sandwiches and breakfast (7am - 7pm) at this location. All can be eaten here or taken in a bag to go. These folks are excellent at packing up their "nooner" sandwich bags for everyone at your downtown Phoenix lunch meeting. And everyone can get whatever meat and condiments on whatever bread they choose (albacore tuna salad is the #1 seller). Breakfast is sandwich style as well. Several fresh iced tea options (including prickly pear fruit on one day I was there).
