4	This new place on Frederick Street seems to be on a mission to make tea drinking fashionable once again. Whether your a tea addict or just like the occasional cuppa your bound to find something to tickle your taste-buds on the massive menu. First time I've come across oolong being sold in Edinburgh so they've won me over. They don't yet appear to have been adopted by the blue hair rinse set so enjoy it while it lasts.
5	Eteaket like Etiquette, do you get it? Marvelous! I adore this "tea boutique" as it refers to its self. It is a gorgeous blend of traditional afternoon tea delight and a more modern approach to taking ones tea. The cups are so cute and lovely and the cups are one of the most important parts in making my tea drinking a fulfilling experience. The selection of teas available is mind boggling and they are all served loose and at the exact right temperature for the specific tea you have chosen. I am loving the blend of art and science involved in that! I am a particular fan of green tea and more often than not have a pot of "Blooming Marvelous" which tastes so girly and delicious! If I'm feeling a little bit crazy though I go for some "Strawberries and Cream" tea, yes it is as wonderful as it sounds! The afternoon tea nearly makes me clap my hands together and squeal because it is so fantastic and is served on vintage cake stands! If you are as obsessed with tea as I am you HAVE to give this place a try. In fact why not go along to one of the evening tea tasting events held at Eteaket? Because you are not a dork like me? Ok suit yourself then.
4	This cafe and tea boutique is a very immaculately designed little place, pretty new on the Edinburgh New Town cafe scene, and tried out more than a few times already by my friends and I.I'm so boring when it comes to tea, as it's such a staple in my daily routine, so my palate has been used to a trusty cup of Earl Grey or English Breakfast for as long as I can remember. So far, despite the hugely extensive list of exciting teas on offer, and what's obviously more than just an ordinary specialism in different tea varieties, I've managed to be as big a tea bore as ever during my visits here. Not that opting for a chai tea is a dull thing to do, it's just that it's not exactly living dangerously either. I encourage you not to be like me, and to choose a kind of tea you wouldn't normally drink, when in Rome and all that jazz, you get me? There are a lot of tasty looking cup cakes and scone options floating about too, which I've not yet succumbed to, but no doubt I will, plus some pretty tea merchandise dotted around. The savoury food menu is pretty delicious too, with the classic croque monsieur always going down an absolute treat.
4	Great place to take the mother.A smoked ham and farmhouse cheddar toasted ciabatta was enough to keep me content, accompanied by a oolong tea for good measure. Apparently Eteket are trying to make tea, and I quote, "sexy again".  Sure, the teas are great but I'll have to stop here as having the words sexy and mother in one review is plain wrong.Its just not good Eteaket.
4	As the name suggests, it does tea and it does it well. This goes hand-in-hand with the so-hot-right-now British love affair with Cream Tea, High Tea, Ladies Who Lunch and abundance of cakes (do you see this face complaining?!)It was busy when we got there, and you can see why. The food was delicious, a plethora of cakes await you, and the tea list goes on for pages. And pages. Now, I'm a tea-jenny through and through. I have tried my fair-share of teas. And often I will order a new tea and be disappointed that the nuance of flavours is just TOO subtle.However, the two teas I tried here were DIVINE. I can't remember them right now, but I could really taste how different they were. Brownie points.I was also going through a gluten-free phase, and luck would have it they had gluten free cakes (Danish Apple Cake). Yum! Also, when I asked about that the waitress mentioned the chicken salad, which I was ordering, had flour in the coating so instead they made me a smoked salmon salad. Double yum! This attention to detail and customer service really was a cherry on the cake.It was very busy, and there was a queue. Also, the venue itself feels a little 'thrown together' and lacks the old-school charm of, say, The Butterfly and Pig tearooms in Glasgow. Instead they've gone for bright, funky colours which, for me, just isn't quite right. Give me paisley patterns and plush sofas please!Famililes, friends, even the odd boyfriend (who didn't look AS impressed by the pink and blue decor and beautiful crockery) this place was busy, buzzing and quite tasty.
5	Gorgeous, perfect, delectable, unique, quirky, quaint, amazing, delicious, joyous...just a few of the adjectives I can think of to describe this wonderful place! It's a fantastic place to catch up with the girls, and the staff couldn't be more lovely! Two very, very enthusiastic thumbs up!
4	Be forewarned - Eteaket is not a quiet, cozy tea room where you can curl into your plush chintz armchair and calmly sip from your dainty china cup. It's brighter, more modern (but in a wholly kitschy way, fear not) and always busy, so it tends to get loud and lively. Still, if you're after a good cuppa and a catch-up with a friend, Eteaket will do just fine. There's a very impressive tea list (I've tried simple herbal teas and a caramel creme rooibos, and they've all been outstanding) and a decent food menu - some sandwiches, lots of pastries and sweets and a proper afternoon tea option. I've tried a cupcake and some tomato soup (not together) and they were both good - not great, but good. I'd skip the food and focus on the tea - just what the doctor ordered for a rainy day.
5	My best meal in Edinburgh. This teashop is adorable and centrally located. I love their Lapsung Souchong tea (smoky black tea. very strong), their scones (they obliged me by heating it up; i hate cold scones) and i even tried the Chocolate Beetroot juice Cake which i loved (and my friend hated)Great service; our server was this (maybe) 17 year old Boy, but he was so polite and efficient! Reasonable prices. Definitely recommend this place
3	I do love a good tea shop but a lot of time, I just don't seem to have time to enjoy a tea shop as you are supposed to. Tea isn't like the high octane powered action of coffee where it's the fast food of the drinking world. Tea participates in a slower pace of life, or at least that's how it's marketed. I found myself in Edinburgh this past weekend, and figured, it's time to take my foot off the accelerator and pop into Eteaket after a trip to the bank. After figuring out I could seat myself (it's table service), I sat and waited. Then I wondered if any waitresses were going to come into the dining area. Then I got a little fidgety and started listening in to the conversations around me. Finally a lady came around and took my order and I went back to waiting. First to arrive was an Eteaket special - a chai latte. Chai is something I have rarely, but do enjoy some of the sweet n spice that a chai delivers. It's a much headier experience, and Eteaket does it well. My brunch consisted of a smoked salmon bagel with capers. Except when it appeared, there were no capers. Given that there were no waitresses in the dining area again, I had to get up to go find someone to request said errant berries. It was a pleasant meal, with a nice wee salad dressed in some delightfully sticky balsamic vinegar (everything tastes better with balsamic, I swear). Overall, I think that's it. Everything was pleasant. If you are popping in for a 3 hour tea and chat session, Eteaket is probably perfect. But for me... I don't know, I just found it...nice. NIce food, nice tea, nice surroundings. But not memorable, nor amazing. To be honest, I found it all surface and no substance, pretty but when you get to the bare bones of it... and I just found it a little wanting for what I look for in a tea shop.
4	Eteaket is my new favourite tea house! With bright blue and pink decor, a range of tables and comfy couches, the interior looks divine, if perhaps a little intimidating for the macho male. Eteaket crosses the boundary between common cafe and high-tea hotel venues  it is not snobby or expensive, but you are greeted at the door and shown to a table, which instantly turns a casual cuppa into a delightful afternoon outing. There are two pages of tea to choose from (black, green, white, fruit/herbal, red/rooibos  they're all there), and a delicious array of scones, breads, and other bakery items, so there is sure to be something to tempt your taste buds. Your tea will be served in delightfully mis-matched pots and antiquey looking china cups and saucers, with a timer so you know its brewed right. Our table of four all received our teas and treats at the same time. The service here is impeccable, the decor delightful and the ambience awesome. This is a great place for an afternoon outing with the girls, or to take refuge from the weather/shopping. The scones are popular though, so make sure you order quick if you don't want to miss out.
3	although they're known for their lovely teas, the coffee here is strong and edgy without being bitter. layers of savoury nuttiness came through well, finishing with a very slight burnt caramel flavour like on the top of creme brulee. the temperature was great and the milk texture soft and rich.
4	Beautiful little tea shop in Edinburgh. Been here a few times & if any friends/family are visiting I am sure to bring them here... they are most impressed. LOADS of selection of teas - trust me you will have a hard time choosing. The descriptions are great too, which is unusual as most places leaves you to guess whatever the tea is by the name?! The only thing that slightly annoyed me was I visited once when it was full & they have no procedures to wait, so we just had to go else where which was a shame.. also there seems to be a lovely selections of cakes etc but the cupcakes looked suspiciously identical to the ones I saw the same day at Bibi's... priced about x2 as high, would be nice if they made their own too. The staff seem nice & tried a selection of treats with my friends... the sandwiches & nibbles were delicious!
4	cute little cafe with cute chairs and lots of teas to choose from.   Loved the "chocolate abyss" latte (black tea latte with just the right hint of chocolate/coconut foam)-the larger size for 30 p more was giant. also had chai latte here-it's not the best I've had, but it was alright.   not busy in the morning
4	If you love a cup of tea, and yea, who doesn't, then this place is for you.They have so many teas to try, you'd have to visit everyday for a year to try them all.As a South African, who grew up with rooibos tea in the bottle,(yea I know they call it red bush around these parts!)  it's always my first choice when visiting a tea joint.I know a good rooibos when I taste it, and the one from here is pretty sweet! I had mine with the English classic cream tea,  (how's that for immigration integration) and the scone was delicious as well. Loose one star as it's always very busy and it feels a little claustrophobic when the place is full. They could do with loosing a table or two, just to make it a little more relaxing. Top choice for a quick tea break, you know you want to!
4	I love the tea here and the scones are yummy too. I sometimes opt for a toasted Ciabatta or a slab of cake!  I have two favourite teas - Life is a Peach and of course, Earl Grey.The staff are always on the go and if we need more milk for the tea then they are more than happy to give us more.I love picking of the mini samples of teas to take home and the occasional read of bite of foodies magazine,The cupcakes are nice too!
4	For serious tea lovers. The list of teas is endless and the tea is excellent. They think of everything... a little cup on the side for when you take out the tealeaves (not having any place to put your teabag or tealeaves is, well, slightly annoying), a small hourglass to know exactly when you need to take out the tealeaves. Have sandwiches and cakes, but didn't try those out. And wifi is available.Is located on a side street of swanky George street. Interior is ok. Certainly not the main point of attraction. Came here twice and every single time all customers were female, except for me. Seems to be a favorite for girlfriends to get together, which I read in one of the reviews. Tea probably not a very male thing, hmmm.
4	On my recent, and first, trip to Edinburgh my friend and I were looking for a nice cafe to rest and recuperate before meeting another friend and in a nearby shop I asked the girl serving if she could recommend somewhere closeby and she recommended Eteaket. We weren't disappointed.It is situated on a side street just off George Street which according to all the locals is the new place to be for designer / pricey shops and the bars of the moment, etc. After careful persual of the extensive tea offerings, I decided on the Chocolate tea which was divine, when I poured it the chocolate aroma was delicious and the taste was amazing! My friend was very jealous and had tea envy wishing she'd ordered the same! I had a croissant as a snack which came with butter and jam and my only suggestion would be that it should've been heated up. My friend had a brownie and really enjoyed that. The service was quick, attentive and friendly and I would highly recommend eteaket to all especially tea connoisseurs.
4	I am a tea junkie. Therefore I really like Eteaket. They have a menu with about 80 different quality teas to choose from and I always spend ages dithering over what blend I want to try next. Food and cakes are also very nice. Yet to have a duff cake or sandwich in here. Grub is good portion size, and when it comes to sweet treats my eyes just about fell out my head when I was presented with a slice of red velvet cake the size of a cakey skyscraper. It took me about an hour to eat it!It's usually very busy in here, so service can sometimes suffer due to the sheer volumes of people. But all in all, a place I come back to again and again. Plus, they have a loyalty card!
3	nice modern tea roomTea are great, nice flavours and a lot to choose. scones and pastry are nice.I dont like the lightning and decoration its to simple and feel ore like a backroom for staff then a nice cozy tearoom.
4	This is a nice wee tea shop.I recently brought an Italian friend here for some good old afternoon tea. Strangely enough for Edinburgh, it was a beautifully sunny and warm day so we managed to get one of the outside tables. It's a very nice place to sit and watch the world go by.The staff were friendly, efficient and explained about the little egg timers for brewing our tea when they brought our order. I had Tutti Frutti which was delicious and actually tasted like fruit unlike most so-called 'fruit' teas! My friend asked me for a very British tea so I suggested Earl Grey and she really enjoyed it. Our fruit scones were delicious, fresh and massive. So massive that I wasn't able to finish mine which is very unlike me!Tea rooms are very much a fashion in Edinburgh at the moment. This is a good one, but for me it didn't have that something special to make it stand out. Yes, I will go again if I'm in the area and in the mood for tea but somewhere like Anteaques will always be my preference. It just has that little bit more to offer, something that makes it stand out. And unfortunately Eteaket does not.
4	What a tremendously civilised little spot this is! Elegant and sweet, with lovely teal and fuchsia chairs, it's a charming place to get your tea fix.And tea fix you will get. Their A4 menu has over two pages devoted to tea, tea, and more tea. I can't wait to come back another time when I can really take the opportunity to browse all of the teas on offer; Alisa R and I arrived shortly before closing time so we hurried on and ordered quickly.I have only very recently discovered the chai latte so I ordered one of those, and we scuttled over to the counter to see what the cakes looked like. The cupcakes were on the little side, and being the greedy guts that I am, I was swayed by the huge blocks of millionaire's shortcake. Alisa went for the yummy-sounding chocolate and beet root cake, which wasn't pre-cut, but when the slice arrived it was super generous too!I think the chai lattes I have had since discovering it have been the quick and easy versions made with powder or syrup, but that is not the Eteaket way. This one was, of course, made with Proper Tea, so it tasted thinner and less sweet, but more sophisticated.My shortcake was very good; it was solid and held its form well, with rich chocolate and thick caramel. I did wish I had gone with Alisa's choice though because it was completely amazing when I tried a bit.The staff were really sweet and friendly, and quick to serve, although we were the only people there so late in the day so I can't speak for busier times... Yet! But I'll be back!
4	I met up with a friend here and we both rely enjoyed our treats!  I got a apple and blueberry tea latte with soy milk that was really yummy and a piece of chocolate beetroot cake.  Red Velvet cake originally was made with beetroot to bring out the chocolate taste, so I was like I'm sure this will be good ! And it was! A good sized piece too! Lovely  chocolaty but light in texture cake with a good butter cream frosting. I think the difference is cream cheese frosting in what makes a a chocolate beetroot cake not a red velvet cake. Anyways it was delicious and I will be sure to come back and have another piece!Also so many different teas to select from! Will be bring my tea snob husband back here to choose from the pages of teas to try!
3	Popped in for a pot of tea whilst waiting on alterations getting done.It was a Monday morning so quiet. I already knew I liked their chocolotae abyss tea so I didn't check out a menu and I was all caked out over the weekend so just tea and a bit of reading to pass the time.Service was prompt and efficient and there is a little timer that when the sand runs out, it is time to take out the infusion as the tea is then perfectly brewed so that was nice to know. I was left in peace which was nice but I know it can get busy at the weekend so it might be a different story then. Toilets nice and clean which is always a good sign and doors and walls appeared to have been recently wiped down.Small thing - where I was sitting had a faint tang of dog. It may have been from a previous mopping but it was just slightly off putting...Will probably return to check out food - their blackboard promises gluten free options...
3	I don't know what it is about Eteaket that didn't WOW me.  I mean, it's clean and has a great list of teas but, I don't know, something was missing.  Maybe it had to do with feeling like I was in a chain.  Something about the colouring ... I don't know, in my head tea rooms should be a bit like pubs - warm, inviting, kind of funky.  Eteaket didn't really tick any of those boxes for me.My tea (green Earl Gray) was quite nice, as was the box of creme caramel rooibos that I bought on the rave recommendation of Cressida F.  A bit pricey though - over a tenner for two pots of tea and a box to take away?  That's not too bank account friendly.All in all it's nice, but doesn't quite give me the tingling feeling that I was hoping for.  Maybe next time I'll just opt to buy a box for home.
2	It's all about the tea here, not the food. When it comes to your cuppa, they have an amazing selection - a few pages worth of black, green, rooibos and herbal teas. Served in a cute squat pot with a timer for proper steeping. But the food and service leaves a lot to be desired. Having unapologetically run out of a few options, I settled for a tuna salad with lemon mayo, which sounds interesting but is not much more than what you might get at Tesco Express. A few spoonfuls of tuna slapped on squidgy brown bread (somehow soft with really burnt edges) and a lackluster mixed salad. Lots of salt and pepper needed. Scones were fine, tarts were uninspiring. I'd say.. find a tea spot that sources Eteaket tea and get your munches elsewhere!
2	I really love the concept of Eteaket but unfortunately its execution is not up to par. I have visited Eteaket twice. I vowed never to return after my first experience but had a change of heart when a friend and I were looking for a cafe near by. I came with my boyfriend the first time I visited. As we walked in I giggled at my boyfriend's choice as it's definitely a ladies place. It's cute. I think that's the best way to describe the decor. All pink and turquoise. We ordered tea, scones and half a sandwich each.  It took over 45 minutes to receive our tea - just the tea!! I don't even know why we stayed!! I think it was a combination of being in the middle of town on a Saturday and everywhere else being full. Still 45 minute for tea is cray cray. The good: the tea is delicious and I love the choices that are available. It's the largest selection of tea that I have seen in Edinburgh. The bad: Meh. Eteaket isn't really bad, per se. I hope that I've just had a really bad experience. I'll say that in my opinion the scones are nothing to rave about it. The ugly: The service needs improvement. I'm not rushing back.
4	Eteaket has got a good thing going on.I popped in here for a hot beverage fix on my lunchbreak and was relieved to find that at 1pm there was still lots of free tables, none of that uncomfortable chaotic lunch time rush thing happening. I was the only person by my lonesome but felt more than comfortable settling in with a good book and hot cup of brew.I opted for the mint tea infused hot chocolate. Oh yes, tea infused hot chocolate. I've always loved the idea of mint hot chocolate but have often found that it tastes a little more green-goopy-stuff then real peppermint. I asked the lovely lady behind the counter how they make it and it really is just dark chocolate cocoa mix added to a small amount of brewed mint tea. Charmed I'm sure!They have a very impressive tea listing, scrumptious looking cakes on the counter and a nice little half sandwich and soup combo which I will certainly be trying one cosy lunchtime soon!
3	My friend and I visited here on a Monday afternoon, and I was left with a bit of a 'meh' feeling.  We both had tea and a scone, and whilst the tea was lovely (and there are LOTS of choices!), the scones were bad.  For a place that specialises in these kind of things, you'd think their scones and cake would be amazing,but sadly it was not to be.  They arrived cold for a start (am I alone in thinking scones should always be served warm?), and were clearly not freshly made that day.  Now, we all know scones really need to be eaten on the day they're made, they don't last well. I asked the waitress if she could warm them up, which she did happily,but unfortunately they were still dry and disappointing.  Not inedible, but not something I would get again. The clotted cream that came with it was nice enough but the jam, described as homemade, looked and tasted anything but.I also ordered a slice of white chocolate and strawberry cake to take home to my boyfriend but alas, that too was dry and disappointing.  The place itself was nice, service was good and everything looked clean enough but I'm not sure I'd be back.
2	I thought I would like this place a bit more than I came off feeling.  Upon entering you succumb to pastel-y cutesy cupcake decor.  I came earlier to meet my friend for afternoon tea at 3 so got my choice of seats.  Window-side was a good choice albeit they could have done with a bit of dusting.  We both had a pot of tea with a slice of cake.  The selection of cakes was not much but we went ahead with a red velvet and lemon coconut.  Cakes were a bit less than mediocre and tea was just tea.  Darjeeling was standard quality and my friend chose not to finish his. There was one tall fellow who was quite friendly with a cheery smile, wasn't overly serviceable but just the right touch.  The rest of staff seemed tired and gloom, they can take a few pointers from that guy :) Two stars because I didn't hate the place but I wouldn't voluntarily go again.  There are many more worthwhile places to go in Edinburgh for tea/coffee.  But then again if a friend persists in trying this place in the future, I could hesitatingly give it another go and try what others are raving about on the scones.  Their tea lattes seemed interesting too, so...mayybeee..just maybe again.  Not a winner though.
