4	good cupcakes, had better but still would have again.
5	Who doesn't want to get an invitation to a VIP Cake Tasting Event? It's probably the best thing that could ever pop into your email box.So you can imagine how delighted I was when I received my VIP invitation to Cravin' Cake Bakery's Tasting Event on May 15th. A buffet of sweet goodies for only $18 a person? Great way to jazz up a Tuesday evening! Supporting a local business owner, an "entrepreness", made it even better.Brittney Belanger is the owner of Cravin' Cake as well as the cake decorator and pastry chef. In her white jacket, she looks the part of someone who has a Pastry Arts Degree from College of Southern Nevada and has worked for Jean-Philippe Patisserie.All that training and experience reveals itself in her confections. They are delicious! Every single thing my husband and I tried (yes, I brought him along to share munching duties) was super yummy. Some things were supercalafragi-delicious. Like the Slivered Almond & Coconut Haystacks and the Cinnamon Twists. Brittney made Crispy Rice Treats look elegant by dipping and drizzling them in chocolate. The Chocolate-Covered Bananas were substantial and playful, coated in multi-colored sprinkles. Brittney bumped up the cinnamon in the Cannoli filling and added chocolate chunks, as if they weren't rich enough already. My husband's favorite treat was the Chocolate Pudding Cake Cup, generously topped with cocoa. It was deeply chocolaty, creamy and very moist: wonderful mouth-feel.Brittney is equally gifted with savory items like her Puff Pastry Pizzas and Cheese & Bacon Hard Rolls. Not being one to hog the spotlight, Brittney invited Alexis Amity, co-owner of All About Catering, to add her creations to the mix. I'm so glad she did!Aexis' three appetizers were outstanding. The purple Mashed Potato, Bacon & Chicken Bites were as lovely to look at as they were to eat.  The Chicken Quesadilla Triangles were topped off with a dollop of guacamole and a flavorful pineapple salsa.The Watermelon Slices with Arugula, Soy Nuts, Yellow Raisins & White Wine Vinaigrette were unbelievably good! I was hestitant to try them because I don't like watermelon. But, they looked so pretty, and Alexis encouraged me to give them a chance. I was very pleasantly surprised. The crunch and mild sweetness of the watermelon was the perfect foil for the tang of the vinaigrette, the salty soy nuts and the fresh arugula. Alexis commented that they try to be as 'green' as possible in their business, and she felt this was the ideal, eco-friendly finger food that didn't require a plate or utensils. All I know is that they were delish.Now to answer the question I know you're dying to ask me. How does one go to an event like this and not pop the button on your pants? The key is embracing the word "tasting". I limited myself, mostly, to one or two bites of an item. I had enough to give me a good sense of the food and then set it aside. I felt some pangs of guilt when I tossed half-full plates into the trash, but I reminded myself that moderation is a virtue.Our money was well spent for this event, and I would highly recommend both of these ladies for any events you have coming up in Vegas.
3	I had to use a Living Social so I had to place my order.   It didn't state on the voucher but apparently, I could only chose up two three flavors and fillings for a dozen cupcakes, or whatever they bake for that day.  So anyways, I decided to go with 4 lemon cake strawberry mousse, 4 red velvet cake with cream cheese frosting, and 4 white cake with dark chocolate mousse.I picked up my cupcakes and for the 4 white cake with dark chocolate mousse, I only got 2, and the other 2 were choco with dark choco mousse.The only thing that made this bakery different than others is that they filled the cupcake.  The cake was more on a dense side vs. the fluffy cake that I typically like.  Overall, they were decent cupcakes, but I don't believe I will be a returning customer.The shop itself is located in a business square and there are many dips.
1	I wish I could give Britney zero stars! Her cake and frosting taste great, but she stinks as a cake decorator! She can make a tiered cake, but anything else is just too much for her! She ruined the feature cake at my wedding! I would not recommend her cakes to anybody! The flavor is not worth the awful look she presents! What a disappointment! I will NEVER give her money for garbage again! Yuck!
4	My now brother in law and i met with brittany for a cake tasting for my wedding, and we instantly fell in love with her lemonberry surprise flavor, so we went with that flavor for the cake and then chose  and looked through all her photos of cakes that she has done and let me tell you she is one heck of a talented cake decorator!!! we combined a few of her designs and came up with a beautiful and extremely tasty cake! we were on a budget so she recommended that we go with a foam bottom tier and let me tell you she made it so that NO ONE could tell that it wasn't actually cake. We also ordered a full sheet cake to feed the rest of our guests, and we split the flavors between the lemonberry and chocolate with a raspberry mousse. Can't tell you how many compliments we got on our cake!!!!! the only downfall that i had was, it was some what difficult to get a hold of her and i understand that she's a very busy woman.
