3	NOSH is a little sandwich shop tucked into the corner of Bally's Casino.Good sandwiches and good drinks ....The really good thing is that all the good stuff is available late at night.I had their chicken salad sandwich on toast and it hit he spot after a late evening (early morning)also, after all of the places in the Paris have closed.They specalize in "Dogs," but I was just not in the mood. A sandwich and bag of chips hit the spot.The shop is located right next to the hallway leading to the tower rooms so you can not miss it.A good spot for a late night snack .....if you find yourself in that part of the Vegas strip
4	The absolute best sandwich you will find in Las Vegas drunk at 2 in the morning.  The fresh baked bread overflows with every cold cut and topping you could possibly imagine.  I have no idea what I paid for that foot-long, but it was WELL worth every penny.The staff was overly friendly to two guys who obviously were in dire straits and in NEED of sustenance.
4	Great sandwich for the price!  Ordered the footlong 'Wanna be a Reuben' and it was well worth it!  Served on a tasty parmesan roll and filled with pastrami and coleslaw.  It's a great place to go if you're looking for take out sandwiches/food!
3	We had our breakfast here on the way out of town.  Breakfast special was a croissant with bacon, cheese, and "egg".  (The egg tasted fine, but it looked weird.  Like they cooked a bunch of egg in a sheet pan and sliced it apart.)  The coffee was good, it was fast since all they did was put it together and microwave it.  My wife had a banana that was $1.50.  I had to laugh at that - if you go to the grocery story you can get almost 4 pounds of bananas for that much.  Ahhh, the price of eating at a Las Vegas casino.  We'd eat here again... maybe no bananas, though.
2	Won big at the roulette table, got hammered and went to take a nap.  Woke up and felt like a*s but wanted to get some food in me so I stumbled down to Nosh to grab a sandi.  The wait was a little long but ended up ordering the Italian combo sandi and the chicken noodle soup.  Soup was awesome!  Chock full of love.  Sandi meat was good but the the bread ... ummm ... have you ever chewed on a rock?  Dont get the baguette unless you 1) have dental insurance or 2) dont mind shards on skin hanging from the top of your mouth.
2	We were desperate for a quick sandwich before our night out.  This place came to our rescue, I guess?We split the Chedder roast beef.  I was picturing a roast beef sandwich with chedder cheese, right?  So the roast beef was sooooo fatty.  I was pulling off huge chunks of fat.  Also the chedder "cheese" was really like a nacho cheese sauce like cheese sauce.  Yuck...The best part of the sandwich was the huge baguette they put it on.  However, the sandwiches were a good size.  Maybe it was just the type we ordered that was bad.
2	The bread is good.......BUT WHO ORDERS A SANDWHICH FOR THE BREAD!Everything else on the bread is not good.  However, it's convient if you're staying at Bally's.  For Vegas, the prices are okay, so it gets an extra star ; )
2	Nosh sits right around the corner from the hotel elevators for Bally's guests in the South Tower. I wouldn't go out of my way to go here, but if you're staying there it's convenient. The service is fast, and my friends adored the swinging order clips that fly between the cash register and the food station. My big issues with the place lie in the price and the hours. It opens early enough for getting morning coffee, but it's $3.50 for a regular size. The price compares to the place across from check-in, but if you cross the street to Bill's, you can get a regular Seattle's Best for $2. The made-to-order breakfast sandwiches are great but pricey. I like the $2 hot dog option, but Nosh closes at 1am. When I wanted late night food on my retreat back to the hotel room, Nosh wasn't there for me. I tried one for lunch, and coming from Chicago, I have to say it was just fine.
3	Shortline for a quick bite, nothing special!
4	I was really surprised when this anonymous looking sandwich shop sitting right next to the hotel elevators actually provided a really great turkey bacon and swiss on french baguette. Bread was fresh and there was abundant turkey and bacon content. I definitely recommend it if you're staying in Bally's. The prices are a bit high but you get a very large sandwich for what you pay.
2	A friend recommended this sandwich shop because of their chicken salad sandwich. So being in vegas, hungry and hung over, a friend and I took the shuttle from the Sahara to ballys. I ordered the large chicken salad sandwich combo with a side of macaroni salad and my friend ordered the french dip.  The chicken salad sandwich was huge, over a foot long with thick bread and stuffed with lettuce , tomato, onion and the chunky chicken salad. I thought I could eat the whole thing but given my state my eyes were bigger than my stomach and struggled to eat half. I'm not saying that is was bad, just average. The macaroni salad was bad with rock hard noodles. My friend enjoyed her french dip and ate her whole small sandwich. She got chips for her side and you can't screw that up. My total came out to around $13 but you really get a lot for your money. Overall this place is OK for Vegas and did have fresh stuff for the sandwiches. It will give you another option besides McDonalds and Subway.
4	My girlfriend and I ate here for breakfast twice and both times really enjoyed it. I'm only reviewing this place based on breakfast.  This location is tucked away in the corner of Bally's by the bathrooms, so it may not be super easy to find, but once you do, I recommend it.They have a lot of things to choose from, but the smoked salmon on a bagel sounded the best. After choosing a whole wheat bagel, it was toasted, cream cheese added, smoked salmon, capers and red onions. This was a very satisfying meal. The salmon was almost like butter and very easy to eat. The capers added a nice touch with the red onion and cream cheese. We also got a yogurt parfait to share and it was fine. Actually a really good deal and a nice ending to a great breakfast. Tip: Go early. As the morning gets closer to lunch, the line gets longer. There's only one cook, so longer line means longer wait time. If you're in the mood for a tasty bagel with salmon, this is the place to try.
1	Awful and expensive.  Had a prime rib sandwich. Had a couple bites and threw away the rest.  Mac salad was very dry and had no flavor.
1	Horrible and overpriced. I got the chicken salad on a French roll. The chicken salad had way too much dijon mustard and mayo. There was more mayo than chicken. It cost me $9 just for the sandwich which means no drink, no chips. I feel so ripped off. So far Bally hotel has the worse lunch spots. If I wasn't attending a course here, I would never eat at any of the restaurants here. Tomorrow I am def going outside in search for a spot.
2	Overpriced like always. Got 2 regular drinks (soda) and 1 cookie. Spent almost $10 bucks. Had some nats flying around the soda area, but I could say this though Pepsi was super refreshing.  Not worth spending that much for something that roughly cost 3-5 bucks. Lady was very friendly though.
2	The food is good but overpriced. I had a turkey wrap and it cost me almost $10 :( Would much rather get a sandwich & soup at earl's for the same price. I had it only because it was the closest place available for food, since it's near the lobby of Bally's.
2	Okay this is a late night snack bar at Bally's, basically a sandwich shop.  We had a 12 inch turkey and bacon and a 6 inch pastrami with a side of potatoe salad and 2 drinks.The damage $30.00. I do admit the 12 inch sandwich was huge, there's no way an average person can finish it. The sandwichs tasted decent but the price for the food was not worth it. For God sakes were in a recession and average person can afford 15 dollar sandwichs. These casinos got to understand that they charge way too much for way too little. I know the Casinos were built on tourist traps but still lets not rip people off. Go to PPlanet Hollywood for more better affordable sandwich at earl of sandwich which is rated very high by tons of people on Yelp...
3	I've had better hot dogs.  I've sure as hell had cheaper hot dogs.  But the two hot dogs I ate here for Christmas dinner were just what I needed.
5	This review is just for the bagels because it is all I have had there. It is all I care to have at Nosh. They are so amazing...they haunt my dreams...
4	This is a good option if you need a quick breakfast and staying at Bally's or Paris. We walked all along Paris and didn't feel like having a crepe or sweet, buttery pastry. So we found this place and they have very reasonable bagel sandwiches for only $6. They were really good too and a decent size. The bagels are nice and chewy too.
3	Located in Bally's next to the South Tower elevators. I imagine most customers are Bally's guests. Prices are good for a hotel restaurant. It opens early and opens til 1am which is good for guests. Food is okay though. There are seats too so you can sit and enjoy your food or you take it to your room if you don't like smoke. You can smell it since it's on the casino floor. I'd only come here I'm staying here and too lazy to go far to get something toe eat.
4	Wasn't expecting much, but was really surprised at the quality of the food.We had the chicken soup. the turkey wrap, and the pastrami sandwich. Everything was really delicious. The soup actually had vegetables and chicken in it and the sandwiches were not dry. A good stopping place if you don't have much time or looking for somewhere cheap.
1	To say this place is over-priced is an understatement. $4.05 for a 16 oz. cup of coffee? Starbucks is cheaper than that! Of course I could have had free coffee on the casino floor if I could find a waitress!
3	When you are staying at Bally's in the South Tower and get that feeling when you need to nosh on something, this place comes through. Especially for breakfast. The service is quick and the bagels are big and fluffy.  Their fruit cup is fresh and juicy, the coffee is hot and comforting and the sandwiches are pretty good. Especially after a day of partying, gambling, and drinking. Or if you just want a quick start in the morning so you can commence to partying for the rest of the day. It's there for convenience and it serves it's purpose.
4	Was here for a conference, staying on the south tower, this place was GREAT for picking up quick, tasty food to keep me happy for the day! The staff are real friendly & the potato salad is good. My first night in Vegas I was ravenous after a loooong flight, figured I'd get the a large turkey, bacon & swiss... It was HUGE! The 6' half was more than enough, though so damned tasty! I'm actually missing the sandwich.. Their French dip is also pretty reasonable, it was my first so I can't really compare it to much, hot dogs weren't too shabby either. Other than that the only downside is that it does close :P I'd have killed to have this on return from a night out!
2	It came to almost five dollars for a bland cup of coffee. There's no reason to dine at Nosh unless you can't walk another two hundred feet or so outside to the strip.  So, please by all means, eat and drink the incredibly mediocre offerings from Nosh ONLY if you can't work up enough energy or stave off enough drunkenness to get yourself out Bally's front door and find a real place to eat that will give you better than average service and not quite as overpriced (for the quality) dining options.
4	Mmm. Really like my smoked salmon bagel for breakfast every morning during my Vegas stay! Would've been nice to have access to refill my coffee though.
5	I'm not a give 5 stars to everyone kind of guy but nosh was everything I wanted it to be. The price was a little more than normal but its a cafe on the strip so inflation is expected. The turkey sub on French bread was really good. Surprisingly good. Service was fast and friendly. Will come back
4	We ordered a foot-long chicken sandwich on french bread, and I'm pretty sure the sandwich was 15" AND HUGE. 3.5 adults comfortably ate that sandwich. Compared to other vegas prices, it wasn't outrageous. And, Ballys is undergoing renovations, so that was the only "quick" place to eat. We took our sandwich back to the pool and avoided the steep service fees, plus delivery charges. And the chicken salad was actually quite good with huge pieces of chicken and apples.
4	I am only giving this place four stars because it is open ALL NIGHT!! When it is 3:00 in the morning and you are starving you will find Nosh tucked away in a corner at Ballys. They serve all kinds of sandwiches. I was starving and opted for a tuna hero. The tuna tasted like homemade and the hero was huge and weighed a ton. For about $12 it was a giant hero. Hit the spot and wasn't crowded either. Late night munchies spot!!!
4	This a solid place to grab lunch or a bite at all hours. Two sizes of sandwiches and getting the large one to split makes it a good deal and the quality is there. The sausage sub and the cold Italian sub are both winners and they do a good job of getting you through the line filling your order. Been many times and every time it has hit the spot.
4	I really enjoy eating here on my Vegas trips.  The food is fresh, and the service is good.  Plus on this last trip they had a spectacular combo special for only 12 bucks.  Included was a foot long sandwich, a bag of chips and a drink!  The sandwich was LOADED with stuff, and that really surprised me.  Conveniently located in Ballys by the Poker Tournament tables.
4	Stopped by here on a lunch break to see if the sandwiches are any good. I have to first talk about the bread. I don't know where they get the bread but it is very GOOD! They serve breakfast sandwiches, wraps and of course lunch meat sandwiches. They also have an all beef hot dog on the menu for $3. Nosh is conveniently open 24 hours. I ordered the foot long pastrami sandwich and made it a combo with chips and a drink for around $12. I spend the same amount for a sandwich at capriottis and it doesn't come with chips and a drink for that price there so I found this reasonable. The pastrami isn't the best in town and isn't boar's head quality, but it tasted good enough for me to want to come back. This is a nice place to stop and a grab a sandwich to go or eat at a table in the seating area.
4	For the price of $12, you can't beat this 12" hot sub, chips and drink combo. Plus their french bread is great! Nice crust with chewy insides. It works well with the hot pastrami and soaks up some of the slaw juices as well. Really a gem of a place hidden in the corner of Bally's. If you can find it, if you're looking for a good "bang for your buck" type of place, this is definitely it. I'd say I liked my pastrami hot sub better than my sandwich at Earl's.
4	Nothing fancy people... but a great place to get a breakfast sandwich and coffee at an affordable Vegas price. I had a croissant sandwich that was actually fricking tasty and the coffee was hot and strong!The downsides are a lack of seating and a pretty limited menu, but I guess you have to make some sacrifices for low prices...
2	I'm in Vegas for a convention that is right by Nosh and I have to say this place is weird...First off, credit where credit is due, it's good food at a decent price, but I think it may be under new management or something?  The people working there seem to have NO clue what they are doing and can hardly speak English.  The first time we went, the lady behind the register kept running over to the guy making the sandwiches and "training" him, so that was weird...they got my order slightly wrong but I figured whatever, mistakes happen.  Then yesterday morning the soda machine was flat and they forgot the danish I ordered...then last night it took us about 30 minutes to get our sandwiches.  They served everyone in a total wonky order (and you can see them making the food so it was obvious it wasn't a particular order that was messed up, they were just arbitrarily picking orders) finally my husband went up to see if they started his order, they hadn't so they did then, but it took them 10 minutes and by that time he was running late to his event.  I then had to remind them of my sandwich, a french dip.  When I said "French dip" I might as well have been speaking Klingon, the lady had no clue what that was and then ended up making me a dry roast beef and cheddar sandwich that I accepted in defeat... I just wanted it to end...anyway, seems to me like maybe someone should train people here...
5	Very good experience here with our room including "free breakfast" redeemable at Nosh and Java corner. The "free" breakfast turns into a $9 credit per person you can spend until midnight. The rest is on you. First time I had a very tasty croissant which suited perfectly my French palate. Second time I had the ham and Swiss sandwich on French baguette -of course. I was tasty and filling. The workers here were nice every time. The first time due to room change the reception forgot to credit my room but after the cashier called it all was sorted out. Overall good fast and fresh food to eat seated or to go. We actually prefer this location over the Java place since we can be seated. Java works for to go food before taking a shuttle for example. Enjoyable experience which is not always the case in Vegas.
1	Came to Nosh for coffee and croissants this morning. Coffee is decent. My dad was eating his scone and when he pulled it apart to take a bite.. He saw a bug crawling from inside.. Interesting.
4	This little cafe/deli is right by the elevator to our renovated Bally's room in the Jubilee Tower.Let's just say this is a good spot for drunks who are way too lazy to find a decent restaurant to dine at and even for those who are just in a hurry and need some sustenance so they don't go hangry. I had a Veggie Wrap here.I had a Croissant Breakfast Sandwich here.I also had a hot dog here one night with my Vegas roomie, Cindy C.Oh, and I also ordered myself many, many water bottles here (Aquafina and expensive as shizz).Let's just say the food kept me alive and more importantly, the water kept me even MORE alive.Thank you Nosh for being our emergency go-to spot for a quick bite & hydration stop.Recap of that weekend on my YouTube channel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFd8kfiZIJY&list=UU5YaBtOxOYqeFEEQ_aW6JiA
4	Surprise!! Surprise!! Surprise!!I haven't eaten here in awhile but decided to the turkey bacon sub with a delicious honey mustard slathered inside.  I was pleasantly surprised how tasty the sandwich was and they loaded it up nicely with some delicious turkey and lots of bacon.  The bread was very fresh as were all the veggies and lettuce tucked in side.  The sandwich was big enough to share, and we still had some left over. I don't remember this place making such killer sandwiches, but I'm glad I circled back to give it another shot.
3	Solid 3.5 stars, not a glamourous deli by any stretch but located conveniently off to the less quieter corner of Bally's, by the Keno area.Ordered the roast beef dip on French bread, which was quite surprisingly fresh and soft; but the meat was a bit on the dry side, though nicely sliced thinly.  Even dipping into the au jus, which felt a bit heavy on the salty side.But parents enjoyed the BLT.Still will return simply b/c they have Krispy Kreme donuts, albeit today just the chocolate glazed and originals ;)
4	Got in from the East Coast late...this 24 hr. No frills deli was a hidden gem.  Tucked away in a far corner of Bally's...it was inexpensive and we both ate well...with leftovers...for $12 (total...not apiece)!  Can't do that at home!  Being that it was 2a.m. vegas time, we decided to split a French Dip sandwich with chips and tea...12 inches...$12!  We had a choice of bread and for this sandwich selected the French baguette.  Delish and expertly toasted.  Plenty of beef, horseradish sauce on the side and LOTS of au jus!Highly recommend this place!
4	Nosh is located inside of Ballys Hotel. The food there is great and not pricey. I had the BLT on wheat. Best BLT ever!! It was a little crowded but its worth the wait. The staff was very friendly and I didnt have to wait but a few minutes before my order was ready. I recommend this place. =)
5	Stayed at Bally for the weekend and this cafe was nearest the elevators to my room.Open 24hours and such good quality for the price.I think I are here everyday. All meals are under $10 and the quality is fresh, and portion is big.Food-during the 4 days I stayed I tried egg salad sandwich, chef salad, hot dogs, pastrami, clam chowder, chicken noodle, roast beef. All were very impressive in taste, price, and quality. I didn't except such good quality for cheap price.Staff-all very nice and welcoming. They all remembered me and my friends because we ate her every night piss drunk stumbling to the elevators. There probably use it, but they hooked us up with some donuts and bagels so I threw a few bucks extra for tip.
3	This little sandwhich cafe is located inside Bally's. It's so petite and cute! I really like that it's affordable, open 24/7, and convenient. I originally ordered a tuna sub but they ran out of tuna. It was their only pescatarian option. With that being said, I ordered a grilled vegetable wrap. My order came out wrong. I took it back, and the chef was really really nice about it! It wasn't the best wrap I've ever had, but what can I say? It was vegetables. I'd come back to try tuna, but I wouldn't spend $8 on the vegetable wrap again.
5	Nosh at Bally s. The food was super tastey. Although it wasn't very cheap, but what is on the strip? I got the French dip on parmesan and want too interested in the menu at first. But I surely enjoyed eating it! Open 24 hours, gourmet food, tastey.
5	We had complimentary breakfasts included in our stay. We chose Nosh. They serve breakfast until 11:00. I had the bagel and coffee combo, the coffee was average, but the bagel was delicious. You can butter or cream cheese in it. The Husband had the breakfast sandwich and coffee combo. He loved the sandwich. It was eggs, bacon, cheese and ham in a croissant. The combos were $7 - $9 bucks. Super cheap. They have very limited seating, however we found a really nice lady who shared her table with us. But you could always take it to go. Great value for food especially if it's complimentary.
4	Located by the Bally's Jubilee Tower. Stopped by for a late night snack at 1am. Split a turkey wrap (lettuce, tomato, avocado and some aioli) which was quite tasty. I think it was boston lettuce but everything tasted fresh. It was about $9 with tax. During my stay at Bally's I would see a line for Nosh especially for breaksfast
