5	I feel as if I'm making history right now, doing the very first review of the Wisconsin Historical Society. The beautiful and well-kept surroundings are a grand reminder of days gone by. The staff is friendly and helpful. In addition, we were able to find newspapers from the 1960s and e-mail copies on their up-to-date microfiche equipment. This old building on the University of Madison campus is a treasure. This would be a great place to gather information and make memento scrapbooks of blasts from the past.
5	The WHS is a beautiful and easy-to-navigate library where you can find old Wisconsin newspapers on microfilm that aren't available on the web.  The staff is friendly, the materials are very accessible and the equipment is easy to use. The building itself is gorgeous, with vaulted, stained glass ceilings and long, old fashioned wooden desks each with small green lamps.  Here's how our visit played out...Growing up as a kid, it was always fun to hear my parents' stories from their childhood in La Crosse, WI.  My dad has a couple that he really enjoys recounting: one story is about an epic high school football matchup between his school and my mom's (my dad's team won, which may explain his fondness for the story), and a second story is about a lone gunman who robbed a hotel where my dad worked, my dad subsequently chased into a parking lot, and he got shot at in the chase.You can tell that both of these items of family folklore may be tweeked with a bit of exagerration.  My siblings and I always wondered, are my dad's memories completely accurate, or are they big fish stories?Yesterday I convinced my parents to join me on a trip to the Historical Society, where they have a vast collection of past Wisconsin newspapers on microfilm.  Tucked away in a back room, you can look up La Crosse Tribune newspapers from the 1960s, organized by month in an old school card catalog or on a new school online database.  The library has tons of microfilm machines that are available for open use.  You retrieve the microfilm yourself from a shelving system, and you're free to start scanning it on a manual-roller or automatic-digital machine. We quickly found newspaper evidence confirming both of my dad's stories, and his reputation for veracity remains intact.  He was very pleased with our findings (I think he may have started doubting his own memory).  He also got swept up by all the big headlines on the newspapers' coverpages (Vietnam, Nixon, controversies over interstate construction).The library staff was very friendly and willing to help us along during our search process.  The entire visit only took us about an hour, and that's pretty quick, demonstrating how organized they've got things.  We tracked down exactly what we needed in a short time amidst an enormous volume of materials and with only a vagueidea of when it all had happened.  We were able to make digital, emailed copies of the newspapers for free, and we made some paper printouts of the important pages for 25 cents/page.The Wisconsin Historical Society Library is an excellent resource for the state and a great place to check on family folklore.  And here's an idea: You could make a scrapbook gift for a parent, comprised of newspaper clippings that confirm their favorite stories or show big events from their childhood.
