5	This spa is located in one of those expansive mall shop areas but it is worth the find.  Very calming the moment you walk in and are greeted by the friendly staff.The "first massage" discount got me into the doors.  I was in town on a tennis junket with a buddy of mine.  We really needed a good kneading and we got it.My masseuse was Christina and she was great.  I had a sports massage.  My buddies masseuse was Sheli and he also raved how well he felt after the one hour session.So we give a big shout out for blu sol.
5	At the end of last year, my skin was a disaster. Between the daily heavy makeup necessitated by my job, travel and stress, my jawline was ready to revolt and was actually quite revolting to look at.Enter Blu Sol and, more specifically, Tiffany.She saved my skin. There's no two ways about it. Between her soothing touch and the organic products, my face has never looked better. Fair warning, girlfriend takes no prisoners with the extractions. She will squeeze every last bit of gunk out of your pores, so take an aspirin before arrival if you're pain-sensitive.Front desk staff is lovely, warm and friendly. They always offer that delicious fruity water and lead you into the relaxation room before your treatment. The phone call reminding you of your appointment the day before is a nice touch, too. Well worth the price - do the monthly auto renew.
5	Monthly facials @ Blu Sol are delightful.  Tiffany is fantastic.  Best facial and eye brow shaping ever.
5	I just had ANOTHER fantastic experience at Blu Sol Massage and Spa.  I love this place!  If you are looking for a day spa, they are the cream of the crop.  When I walk in, I instantly feel relaxed, and the environment is soooo soothing.  The scents, the sounds.  The staff is all excellent.  I'm grateful to Groupon for introducing me to this fabulous place.  I live on the east side of town, and there are probably 50 day spas between my home and Blu Sol, but it is absolutely worth the trip!
5	My husband and I came here for a couple's massage for our anniversary, all I can say is that the experience was fantastic! James gave me the best deep tissue massage I've ever had! My husband said this was also the best he ever had, can't remember the name of the girl who massaged him, but I highly recommend this place, great massages, great prices! We heard a Scottsdale location was in the works, as well as one in Texas. I will definitely be back for more massages, perhaps a body treatment and facial! They also have a salon, just fyi.
4	Good stuff, folks!! Give it a try!!
5	Blu Sol Massage is a retreat on the West Side of town.  I've been in 2 times since I found out about this place, and if I am getting a massage, this would be where I would go.  They are very clean, very friendly, and the therapists really know what they are doing.  They also have a small salon attached, and use all organic EVERYTHING in the entire establishment.  I loved my experience here.  Yay Bu Sol!
5	The first time I went to Blu Sol was 2 years ago, I received a gift card for a 1 hour massage and 1 facial. I fell in love with it right away and signed up for the facial membership. Everyone is very friendly and very relaxing, I have never had a problem. You can now have everything done in one place: a massage, facial, and haircut! If you are looking for a spa in the West Valley, stop here!
5	For my aunt, mother, and husband, I got them all massages/facials through some deal where they were half off. Hey, why pay more for something if you can get a discount? :) I didn't go myself because I have an issue with people I don't know touching me, but I dropped everyone off after lunch and did some shopping. Afterwards, they all said it was amazing... Well, except for my mom who wasn't too thrilled with her massage therapist. Overall, they still had a great experience and left the place feeling great (and looking ridiculous! Ridiculously relaxed, anyway haha.) The places was extremely nice inside too, and very relaxing. My husband and I will be going back soon since we've been working out quite a bit... our muscles will probably need it! I MAY be able to get over the strangers touching me thing... LOL
2	Went in for a massage, left a bit disappointed. Receptionist was very nice, front is clean. Went back to the relaxation room to finish my wait and was greeted by the massage therapist who was very nice. The massage rooms are large however there was a disgusting dirty bathmat next to the bed and the awful ceiling lights are terrible especially once I flipped to my back. Overall I left feeling like I'd been lotioned up but no relaxation. She was able to relieve some of the tension in the small of my back, I had mentioned that the true focus needed to be my shoulders and neck since I had a lot of pain there due to stress. She barely touched my shoulders and with the pain caused by releasing the bit of tension in the small of my back I left with more pain in my neck and shoulders.Overall I don't think I'll be back, I've was searching for somewhere to start a membership with but I've had better experiences elsewhere.
5	A year ago, a co-worker gave me a coupon to come here for a facial.  I made another appointment after that one, and after my 2nd trip here, I decided to jump all in and get a membership.  It's been a joy!  I know that once a month, I'm going to have a wonderful facial, and feel totally pampered.  From the moment I walk in, and they hand me my glass of water mixed with fruit, I'm transported to a resort spa.  They have a relaxation room, where you wait to be greeted by whoever is handling your appointment.  I get my facials done by Tiffany, and it works out so well, because she knows my skin and gives me tips on how I can take care of it.  I've already seen a difference, and I'm definitely at an age where I need to be taking that extra step to care for my skin.  The staff is friendly, and the spa is clean and organic.  I haven't had a massage there, but from what I've been told by my friend who is also a member, she loves them.  They also have the facility to do hair and nails.  I love going, and look forward to my monthly appointment.
5	I used to go to the spa here and there for a facial every once in a while when needed but ever since this place has been under new management WOW! There is so many more employs which makes it very easy to call in for a service. I went in expecting my normal massage but I was amazed at all they had to offer now.I got a facial a hair cut and my teeth whitened! Everyone was happy to service me and I felt as if I was on vacation. Fruit infused water, high-end products, relaxing music and friendly service. Awesome! Thank you Blu Sol Spa! I'll be back!
5	I went to Blu Sol spa for a massage and a facial, and I was amazed at how clean the place was as well as how friendly the employees were. by the time i was done with my massage I had never felt so much tension released in my shoulders before. I've always struggled with neck and shoulder pain and that massage made a difference in my neck and shoulders. Great job blu sol on the new management!! I will definitely be back!
5	This place is very welcoming and comfortable. Highly recommended!!
5	I took advantage of their trial membership plan...$99 for 3  months of services at member prices, AND (3) 30 minute sessions--either facial or foot reflexology.  A pretty good deal!I had Thomas for my reflexology sessions, and while I can't say it was like the traditional reflexology I've gotten in the past, it was a WONDERFUL foot massage!  I've since gotten both Deep Tissue and Swedish massages from Thomas, and have not been disappointed.  I highly recommend Blu Sol, and when my 3 months is up, I will definitely renew!I do believe they are under new ownership, so if you had a bad experience in the past, try it again!
5	I absolutely Love Ms Tiffany! She always makes my trip amazing and wonderful ! The ladies in the front are always so sweet and helpful always makes my spa days more relaxing! Can't wait until my next visit
1	When I took my daughter here, we received what I would call "average service" from what amounted to a strip mall spa. It was "all right". The masseuse I got had strong hands and was nice but he must have had something that didn't agree with him for lunch or he hadn't had lunch yet because his tummy kept making weird noises. It was hard to ignore since his stomach was right next to my head. Fast forward 5 months. I haven't been back to the business but suddenly they're spamming me constantly. They texted me no less than 8 times one day with offers, coupons and requests for me to return. After a week of getting no less than 4 text messages a day from them I called to complain. They took me off the messaging service.But guess what?They didn't take me off their email spammer. So I am still getting deluged with their garbage. Save your keystrokes; I did hit the unsubscribe button.Now I don't like leaving negative reviews but these folks just don't understand media marketing. Don't go to this spa unless you really like getting spammed with ads through every media outlet possible. The service was OK but certainly not worth all the junk and hoop-jumping to avoid it.
1	...and a month after I told them AGAIN to remove me from their contact list, I'm STILL getting their spam. I've contacted this business several times and each time they assure me they'll remove me from their spammer. But it's been over 6 months and the mess keeps coming.I called again today and told them exactly how unhappy I was that I've had to continually put up with their ongoing spam. Again they assured me that they would remove my name from their list. I don't believe it. Avoid these people like the plague unless you love being spammed mercilessly long after you've made it clear you don't want to be.
1	I just want to update in response to the "owners" note. This in fact is a legit review, I visited the spa in March and had this exact experience and if your records do not reflect that you have yet another issue.Just as a lesson I would encourage you to reach out and try to answer issues politely, all in all this isn't a horrible review, I likely would have given it another chance. Now though you've made the matter worse and my decision will never change and I will absolutely not be returning.One last update, if I'm not in your system why did you email me a birthday special this month? Oh and this is after I've opted out of your mailing list.All around bad business happening at this place. AVOID!
1	So the owner of Blue Sol saw my reviews a week ago and his response was to privately message me on Yelp and ask me for $44 for a massage I do not want from them - and to ask me to remove my review. He called this a 'deal' because it's $35 less than they would have asked other people to pay them.Um. No. Pretty gutsy, reaching out to an irate consumer and asking them for money after they've made it clear they want nothing to do with you.
5	Just had the best couples massage ever! Christina and the Male therapist that work fridays and Saturdays (forgot his name sorry) but they were awesome!
5	Outstanding customer service and communication as well as a fantastic relaxing and cleanly environment. Scheduled a couples massage for valentines day for my boyfriend and I and the massages were amazing. At the front desk we received chocolate covered strawberries and cookies with a drink. After enjoying yummy strawberries we got to relax and mend under the hands of their very professional and skilled massage therapists. Very pleased with my visit and will definitely be back for more couples massages with my boyfriend :) thanks blu sol for providing us with a great valentines day.
5	Great costumer service! First time getting a massage and I loved it! My husband and I got the couples massage and it was great! They make you feel special and the water they offer you is good(: definitely recommend this place.
5	Went here for a couples valentine massage and it was great, I was relaxed the whole day. I loved it so much that I went for another massage the next week. The customer service is excellent, it's clean and the rooms atmosphere is perfect. Oh and I'll be going again this weekend.
5	This place is awesome hands down.  The front desk staff is super friendly and helpful.  The relaxation room is stocked with some nibbles, cookies, and water.  It's nice to munch on a lil something while waiting.  My problem is I never have time to nibble because as soon as I sit down, my waxer always shows up!  I have never had to sit and wait for my appointments!Tiffany bar none is the best waxer and facial giver in the valley.  If she ever leaves my eyebrows will be ridiculous because I trust no one else with them!  I've had a few massages here, and every time has been a good massage.  The hand/foot massage seemed way too short for the price and I honestly would say I will never get one again.  For the price I will get a swedish and ask them to focus more on the feet and hands.  Otherwise the massage was excellent!Love love love love this place.  I even drive out of my way from Surprise just to come down and support a local owned business versus chains (yes Massage Envy I'm talking about you!!).  I try to always support local businesses, and in this case I have never ever been wrong about where my dollars are spent.  Thank you for my escape to bliss every time I visit the spa!
