5	I LOVE this place! Wildfire Lanes is literally 2 minutes from my place and I seriously had a great time when I went here.  I had the biggest grin on my face since I went to Red Rock for the snow. I'm a bowler and I grew up bowling so bowling alleys have a very special place in my heart.  The bowling alley was actually very nice (WAY nicer than I was expecting).  I was pretty intimidated to go in considering it's one of the local casinos.  I was afraid I was going to be acosted by a "rough trick named Jim" or something.  It was quite the contrary.  The bowling area had fancy booth-style seating with a table to set your drinks... btw they also have a drink menu.  They have a full bar which gets me excited to come here for next year's football season because they also have TVs that have ESPN on.  I would have liked to have a chair in front of the bowling computer area thing but it's all good.  I had to re-spot my pins and one of the workers that came from the back of the lanes came up to me and said I looked confused and he respotted the pins for me... FROM THE COMPUTER.  I was completely blown away by this!The staff here are extremely nice, which I'm finding is a trend in this area.  The man behind the desk and a woman who was talking to him asked me if I wanted to join a league and I was ecstatic because that's exactly what I went up there for!  They weren't pushy and were understanding when I told them that I'm not employed.  I told them I would definitely back and hopefully I'll find a job before the next season starts.The bowling rates are not bad at all considering this day in age's club/bowling prices.  They have 18 lanes and we paid $10 for an hour of bowling.  Considering that WAY back in the day we used to pay $8 for an hour of bowling.  I'm looking forward to taking my out-of-town friends here (from 9pm-Midnight) so we can get our bowling on!
3	great place to watch the game if you dont mind second hand smoke and smelling like an ash tray
2	This is a tiny itty bitty casino/bowling alley. with a few sparse comfy sportsbook chairs. I thought it would be cool to watch a game there since the chairs look really new and it obviously wouldnt be crowded. I played $20 and didnt wina  thing.. not even a few cents.. max betting- and not .. not . a . dime. boring. throw me a bone here.. at least most casinos humor me by throwing me a few $2 or $4 wins.. but nothing. not. "Winning"We bounced immediately after. Not even March Madness could keep me there. If I come back it will be for the bowling - not the denny's attached.
4	Whoa! A hidden gem to say the least!These bowling lanes are immaculate and extremely cheap!What a fun, low key place to kick back and bowl.  Games are $1.50 after 9:00 pm.  It's super clean, trendy and state of the art in the lanes.  Nice upholstered couches for optimal socialization surround each lane.  We showed up at 8:30 on a Tuesday night and couldn't bowl because all lanes were occupied by a league.  But we waited 25 inutes and had the place to ourselves.  Beers are cheap - $2.  A great place for a casual night with friends or an awesome spot to throw a party with a big group.  Just do your research on the league play so you aren't waiting around.
2	Close-to-school joint that has $2 beers.. oh, wait... they don't do this anymore.  Pretty much the only reason (other than the half-off appetizers) we came here after assessments for and now there isn't really a reason to come.  They have bowling lanes that are fully functional but cosmic bowling down the street at Sunset Station has a higher appeal in my eyes so I probably wouldn't casually stroll in here to bowl or give it a first recommendation to anyone.  Plus, you come out smelling like an ashtray.  The only reason I would come back is if I was too lazy to drive to egg works for an omelet and I would rather settle on the ones here.  Other than that, you probably wouldn't see much of me at Wildfire.
4	The food at this restaurant is very good along with great service. Its located inside of the casino so after you eat you can do a little gambling or even bowl a few games as well.  Me encantan los desayunos ! :)
3	Went to the bowling lanes for a school outing sponsored by our PTO (Parent/Teacher Organization). It was very clean and in very nice condition. Loved that there was no smoking in the bowling area. The staff were generally friendly and as helpful as they could be, but they were understaffed.Unfortunately, when there was some problem, whomever answered the intercom was rude and seemed put off. We had a large group of over 35 people, half of which were children from 5-12 years. You'd think that they would have had people available to help, but they only had one guy for the whole alley! He was friendly and helpful - as much as he could. (Apparently, there was a whole turn-over of management and the staff were not very happy about it. Things seemed to have gotten worse and the morale was low.)Overall, we had a good time despite the service problems when it came to setting up the bowling (never did get help resetting pins when needed) and addressing any issues. I might come out with my family in the future, but I'll want to check out other places too - at least to compare.
5	I absolutely love this place! A hidden gem in Henderson. It's a tiny casino/bowling alley. The casino side has a full bar and a nice sports book. Wildfire is part of Station Casinos so don't forget your players card. Inside the casino they have a restaurant called Wildburger (look for my review later). The other side is a mini bowling alley. It has about 13 lanes. It's super clean, equipped with all the high tech. Each lane has comfortable couches and tables; they are like mini lounges and offer cheap bottle service on weekends. Wildburger delivers to your lane and inside the alley there's also a full bar. There's a tiny arcade towards the back with some really cool games. There're restrooms within the bowling alley, super clean and nice. There are also plenty of lockers and bending machines next to a juke box!I come here at least once a week. Make sure find out if the league is playing because it might be a bit full. This place is super cozy and cheap! The too have cosmic bowling and they offer special nights to UNLV students, I believe Thursdays.
3	the cosmo bowling.well its very dark. the lanes don't 'glow'... w at moments waited 30 seconds to two minutes between turns for the pins to reset.                         fyi:flashing lights and fog machine.              Our group used a 2 hour up to 5 ppl groupon. It was fun.!  Bowling is bowling, just wish we didn't have to wait so long between turns.               They changed our lanes once for us cuz it was going even slower. so thank you for your customer service and being friendly and attentive.   Bartender was kind.
3	Groupon Groupon GrouponA newly renovated bowling alley was the reason for the visit. With an extension to the casino portion of the building separated by four glass doors. It was cosmic bowling night. We were not sure if the pin resetting was due to the fact that we were there for hour play as opposed to a per game play, but nonetheless. $10 pitcher beers, $5 mixed drink.. wasn't so bad on a Thursday night. I thought the facilities were clean, the restroom was kept, and the bar was nice with the TV's to keep you entertained. Not to mention the bouncy bartender!Would come back again.
3	Nice small local casino.  Went there to check out there beer.  It was pretty good.
3	I really like this bowling alley because it is small with only 18 lanes.  I also like the couch seating as opposed to the standard bowling alley seats that are swivel chairs attached to tables.  The drinks are reasonably priced and Wildburger, inside the casino, is a great dining option before bowling.  What I don't like is that the lanes seem to breakdown a lot and there is no reset button on the ball return.  The staff is usually quick to fix the lane when a malfunction occurs which makes it a little more tolerable.  Overall, there are nicer bowling alleys in town but I'll continue to go to Wildfire because the pros outweigh the cons in my opinion.
4	Nice place to bowl, but the lane we were on kept shutting down.
4	This is a good place to gamble and drink. The bartenders are friendly and attentive. The actual establishment and bathrooms are all very clean. :) Their burger place is also pretty yummy. :)
4	This place has definitely improved since we were here last year. Really enjoyed ourselves. It's smaller and less of a hassle than the bigger casino bowling alleys. Good mix up of music. Mostly families playing which is a nice change from the young and obnoxious crowds that usually frequent a bowling alley on a Saturday night. Looking forward to planning my son's 6th bday party here at the end of this year. Hope this place keeps up the good work.
1	Had a good time bowling with the family last night until we were harassed by Garland who apparently is a security guard there. I've lived in Vegas for 15 years and have never been treated so poorly. BC of Garland, I will never visit this or any wildfire again. Don't waste your time or money there.
5	We went in at 7pm with a groupon, got a lane right away and had a blast!Everyone was very nice.
