5	Ok let me tell you why I'm in LOVE!!!!!!Lions Den is the cleanest friendliest adult store I've ever been in, in my entire life. From the outside it looks like some big overwhelming building, but its actually a really good size. Since the staff was so friendly and willing to answer ever question I had I was for sure that the prices were going to be up there. But NO!!!! There items were surprisingly very reasonable. And even though it was a smaller store then say De Ja Vu or Hustler, they had everything and anything and if for some reason you didn't see what you were looking for... guess what, they'll order it for you!!!!!!!!!Honestly the best  adult store EVER!!!!! Its my number one and I will be stopping by more often!
5	Online shopping is a breeze and so is in-store shopping. In fact, I'd say that shopping in-store is better because you can get military discounts here (10% off entire purchase except for items already on sale). They also give out freebies during special days or so (Valentine's Day, Black Friday, etc.) with purchase.If it's your first time shopping for some adult fun, the ladies that work here are extremely helpful even to the most awkward customer. They do an amazing job of making you feel comfortable, and there was not one lick of sleaziness in this place -- and this is something that's usually associated with sex shops.The Lion's Den workers welcome not only singles, but couples as well and are quite knowledgeable on which items are suitable for you and your significant otherThere are a million different toys to choose from, all ranging from jelly dongs to high-end silicone vibrators. It can be overwhelming for someone who's never been inside a sex shop before, but the ladies here help sort you through the hot mess. They even let you compare toys out of the box to see which one best suits what you're looking for.Aside from the typical, the Lion's Den also sells lingerie, pornos, massage oils, fun/sexy games for couples, gag gifts for bachelor/bachelorette parties, etc. I browsed through the lingerie wares a bit, and they look like the stuff you can buy at Frederick's at Hollywood. They're pretty, but the selection on panties was limited to g-string thongs (not a fan of the butt floss; sorry).There seems to be more choices for hoohas here than there are for willys, but I guess this shop makes an effort to make this place as women-friendly as possible and not another seedy establishment down stripper road (aka 'Industrial Rd', where the Lion's Den is located). It makes shopping here like a breeze.Prices here seem to have better value compared to Deja Vu, Hustler or even the Las Vegas Adult Superstore. After reading the initial review for this place and how it's cheaper than the other Vegas sex shops, I did price matching on all of these companies' online shops, and indeed I found the Lion's Den to have the better pricing.There's a lot of great sales going on with this company every once in a while, so be on the lookout for that (you can get updates by signing up for their e-newsletter or following them on facebook/twitter).
5	Yep, I'm a fan.Yes it is super clean. Fanflippintastic selection of everything! Toys, toys, toys! Best prices too!If you need it they got it here..
5	Good layout, competitive pricing, CLEAN - a major bonus for adult stores - highly recommended. Staff was knowledgeable and helpful, willing to answer questions, and made it a painless experience. Don't waste time on the overpriced crap on the Strip - come here instead.
5	Staff was very helpful especially when I came to which Lubes work best as well as the difference between the many different brands and names. Plus way cheaper than others in the area
5	Stopped in one late night while on a business trip in Vegas. Went soley to "rub one out" in the booths. I'm not a total perv, but I do partake of adult video booths when one the road for work, and these are the best I've ever seen. Big, clean, great variety. That alone would be enough to go if you like that sort of thing.However....I happened to meet a couple while there and we.....had a good time in one of the buddy booths. The staff was incredibly cool, went way out of their way to help one gal who brought back a defective toy.Well lit parking, front or back of the building. Very safe.If you're a bit pervy and want some safe, clean fun, The Lion's Den on Industrial is the place to go.
