5	Did a free zumba class. They have all types of great free fitness classes every day of the week plus amazing smoothies and teas. Also get all your herbalife needs here. I just started mine.I hear great things from people I actually know so I've seen their dramatic results. I will be back to measure my results and try out some more free fitness classes.  Really want to try the yoga that's my thing!
5	I can't say enough about Nutrition Head 2 Toe.  The People are great.  They treat you like family.  Husband & Wife Owners, Vince & Tawnya Cline are the kindest people.  Wife also owns shop next door called Indulgence Head 2 Toe (I assume Husband is part owner as well).  The Nutrition store makes great Protein Shakes.  Yesterday I had a brownie batter shake and first was encouraged to drink one of them thermogenic iced teas, which was good too.  They offer fitness classses at no charge.  Last night I attended their yoga upon the insistence of Vince's Mom, Jackie who also works there and is the type of Mom everyone wants to have.  She even set up and washed down my yoga mat for me.  I felt so welcomed.
5	Tawnya and Vince are two of the kindest people I know who are not in it for the sale, but truly to better people's lives.  They not only offer free classes, but offer excellent products.  The shakes are healthy, delicious and perfect for the person who wants something sweet and filling but doesn't want sugar overload.  This business' focus is their shakes made by Herbalife, but they offer a variety of different products including vitamins and teas.  Some incentive...swing by your first time for a free shake.
5	This joint is my jam! You gotz to get a shake up in herr if ya feel me. All the shakes are bomdotcom and somehow fills ya up even tho they low calorie. Err time I gets low I just rub my face all up on Vince's wash board abs and my energy is renewed like a mofo. The peach tea revs my engine too and jaquee is sweet as an apple pie smoothie. They always treat you like family even if you a fat slob like me....but if I keep drinking dat smoothie drank it won't be fat fo long. Almost time to shave off the chest hair and bring back dat belly shirt! Dis place tha shiz....highly recommend dees folks and therr shakes.
5	Love everybody there. So encouraging and helpful and all have different stories and goals that anyone could relate to.
