5	It's been many years since I first went to Raintree and I still long for the food and atmosphere. I was first turned on to this little cafe by my mom who used to rave about the deserts. Well, being a WLU student it was an easy hit to head over there for the first time and I haven't looked back. I have enjoyed the fresh, creative food, the open mic nights, the poetry nights, the great wine list and the local flavour. Just go there...well, maybe you'll crowd it up and I'll have to wait for a table...so get takeout.
4	Been here twice now. First time, had the Tower of Power--basically a big portobello mushroom in focaccia with tasty condiments. Yum! Recommended, tasty, a little messy. Then, the Cajun chicken wrap this time. It was fine but I'm not rhapsodic about it or anything. The fourth star was for the Tower--it would have been three stars if I just had the wrap to go on. Carrot cake for afters was good, though. Duffelet, not in house, but a reliable name all the same, and the cake was fresh and yummy.
3	I have been here twice, both times have gotten the daily special. Although tasty and fresh, I felt that I had overpaid comparatively to local prices. The service was good and location was great, especially for WLU students.
4	One of my favorite places to eat in kw.  I understand what others are saying about feeling like they overcharge, but the food is tasty, healthy and very fresh.  I'd highly recommend their "Venus dip", especially with their warm focaccia bread.  Their chickpea roti is also good, and their veggie burger is flavorful.  For those that like seafood, their mermaid wrap (with smoked salmon) is delicious, and they usually have a fish special for dinner.  Their dinner pasta specials are never disappointing, and always overflowing with fresh, perfectly-cooked vegetables.  Definitely an excellent choice for vegans, vegetarians and health-conscious diners.  They have a good selection of house-made beverages as well, from house-made iced tea to delicious moccachinos (and soy alternatives).  If you're going with a group for dinner I'd recommend making a reservation, otherwise it tends to be quiet.  The atmosphere and decor is definitely more casual, but they take their food seriously.
5	This place was absolutely delicious. Every time I go, there is a different special. Everything is always fresh. Food takes a little while to come up, but totally worth the wait.
