5	Fresh-squeezed orange juice, great coffee, amazing croissants and other brunch goodies, nice wait staff, authentic French ambiance and stylish retro interior - this place tops my brunch favorites. If I had a turbo helicopter-car hybrid or mastery of teleportation I would eat there once a week at least.
5	What a gem!This lively corner cafe and croissant house in Outremont was my first pit stop for breakfast, after spending a long night on a bus traveling from Toronto to Montreal. I had met up with a friend, who was also visiting the city and staying nearby, had made breakfast in this beautiful place part of her morning ritual. Seeing the lovely terrace wrapping around the building, the Parisian decor, the red and yellow flowers surrounding the terrace, I easily understood why she loved this place so much. It has a very relaxed atmosphere: no one rushing you to eat quickly and pay up right away. Here, I felt we could take our time enjoying our coffees while basking in the sun and lazily watching the world pass us by. I also believe that since we were visiting during the week, we were able to get a spot on the terrace; I can imagine this place being slammed on weekends. For my first meal of the day, I opted for the Bonjour Croissant, which is basically an open-faced breakfast sandwich, with eggs, tomatoes and cheese on top of a butter croissant. The order comes with fresh fruit, coffee and freshly squeezed orange juice. Everything was delicious, leaving a permanent smile on my face as it was nice way to start to my day. As for the servers not being able to speak English well, all of the servers were able to communicate with ease, judging from my friend's experience who only spoke English to them. As for my experience, I'm able to speak French so I happily practiced my native tongue with them.I have to share with the same sentiment as Yelper Stas Z mentioned previously. If someone is working on the technology to transport one's self from one place to another, please do it soon. A morning without enjoying a coffee at La Croissanterie may not be worth living.
5	Went here for a late night dinner. I loved this place, candles on the tables, 1920's/30's feel. Romantic.  We sat outside on the terrace. Had the croque monsieur which was lovely.  Will be back again.
5	We had brunch here recently. I'd say 4.5 stars for both food and service. A little out of the way from montreal - you need a car to get here. I'd definitely come here on my next visit to montreal.
4	After getting lost walking around Mont Royal (we were trying to find how to get to Outremont from the Chalet) it was with GREAT elation that we got to la croissanterie figaro. It was recommended to us by multiple people, and we just couldn't pass up a good croissant!Got there and sat outside and kindly waited for our menus and orders and such. I believe that there were two croque monsieurs ordered, one "brunch" that came with coffee and lots of brunch items ($10 CAD!!) and I got a soup and a club figaro sandwich (which was a sandwich that had multiple different sliced meats and peppers and tomatoes).In the end, the food was very good.. not knock out of the park but they were extremely satisfying for a group of hungry tourists at 3pm who hadn't eaten lunch (the salad that came with was great! carrot and beet strings and it was very well seasoned/dressed). But the cozy neighborhood atmosphere, eclectically-antique looking interior and a bevy of of bees accosting our brightly colored and aesthetically pleasing food, it made for a great experience and a relaxing (once we moved inside) lunch.Oh, we never ended up getting croissants4.5 stars for good food and a cozy atmosphereRevisit? Yes please!
5	Read this review while keeping in mind that I am biased by the fact that every time I go here it's a cold and very snowy night.  Perhaps this makes the pastries flakier and more satisfying or the hot chocolate more comforting.  I have had other pastries and hot chocolate under similar circumstances and none has met the high standard set by Figaro.I sought to find the best croissant in Montreal and went forth with my list of suggestions from a multitude of sources.  Unfortunately I went looking on New Year's Day so many of the places on my list were closed.  Dejected, frustrated and sans croissant fix we stopped in Caffe in Gamba where we chatted with someone who told us about Figaro.  It wasn't far which was lucky since we had worn ourselves out in our search so far.On my second trip I tried again to find a better croissant but discovered that none was to be found and La Croissanterie Figaro continues to reign supreme.Just for the record, my idea of the perfect croissant is one that is very buttery with crispy distinct layers with a softer inside but not too cakey or rubbery.  There should be dark golden flakes on your plate after eating it.Their hot chocolate was also divine.  We liked that it isn't sweetened so you can add as much as you want or none at all. It was delicious without any sugar added.
5	A beautifully memorable interior atmosphere awaits at La Croissanterie Figaro, as I discovered this past weekend when we trouped over for brunch. The immediate vision upon entry is one of splendid light and airiness; sunlight streaming in through the many windows of the lustrous dining salon refracted off the mirrored walls and set all the polished brass agleam. Settling back into the far corner following the leggy fille of a hostess, we were awash in a sweet symphony of French and the tinkling of cutlery tines...I was already in love and hadn't even eaten a nibble. As suspected though, the food turned out to be on par with the quality of the ambiance. I thoroughly enjoyed my great coffee, freshly squeezed orange juice spangled with pulp (just the way I like it), and the excellent brunch options, of which I chose Le Special Bonjour, which was perfectly delicious and priced appropriately. I also couldn't help getting croissants to go, and I will simply echo others' praise here- flaky, buttery, authentic scrumptiousness. The gorgeous, inviting atmosphere and savours of Figaro will linger with me until I have the opportunity to go back!
5	Breakfast is my favourite meal. I should eat it more on a regular basis. If I lived next to La Croissanterie Figaro, it would be a daily habit.  On a weekend trip to Montreal, we were on the search for some good pastries and my friend did a fantastic job scoping this place out.A beautiful sunny Sunday morning meant brunch on the cafe patio, which sits on the corner of a quiet Montreal residential neighbouehood. Being here makes you feel like you're in Europe. Quiet and laid back.I ordered the brunch: freshly sqeezed orange juice, tea, fresh fruit, croissant and crepes with eggs, ham, maple syrup. The freshly baked croissant was buttery, crispy, flaky, filled with warm herbed ricotta cheese....MELTS in your mouth.   The crepe is done the way it should be, cooked through, a little crispy not doughy at all...rolled inside is ham and egg. A little dip of maple syrup makes everything that much tastier. All this for $10. So delicious. Beyond comfort and would completely make me a morning person if I lived next door.
5	Absolutely delicious!  Must try the chocolate croissant!  Perfect patio hotspot in a very quaint neighbourhood!Had their Super Bonjour (open faced croissant sandwich with ham, cheese, scrambled eggs, spinach and tomato slice) and their Brunch (ham,cheese and scram eggs in crepe served with a croissant quiche?) - both comes with fresh squeezed/pressed orange juice and either cafe au lait or coffee and for less than $10!
5	A must try for breakfast in montreal.  The food is soo tasty, make sure your grab a couple butter croissants on your way out(they melt in your mouth).  The atmosphere is as good as it gets, you feel like your in a parisian cafe. The eggs are cooked to perfection.
4	The food was delicious, the coffee hit the spot, and the staff could not have been friendlier.  Our group ordered a few lunch combos - Le Midi Figaro - with lentil soup and pasta in a tomato cream sauce with asparagus.  Another person ordered the roast beef and another one ordered a cheese sandwich on a croissant - all recommended.  The best part for me was the chocolate croissant - it was flaky, buttery, chocolaty goodness.  Probably the best one I have ever had!  The staff was very accommodating of our 11-month-old, bringing a high chair and checking on her throughout the meal.  I would definitely recommend La Croissanterie Figaro!
5	A great bristro at the edge of Outremont. The sandwich I had (charcutterie italienne et fromage) was excellent. The service was friendly and well informed. They were also most accomodating: I spilled the last few drops of my drink and ended up with a smile and a whole new drink.The setting is also worth mentioning.  There is a delightful sidewalk terrace and a mercifully air conditioned interiour. The latter has wonderful art deco touches.
4	My biggest regret is that I didn't order a croissant. I have no idea why I didn't. Instead, I got a very good, but not spectacular sandwich (La Gondole, I think?) on a baguette, along with a delicious side salad. Great atmosphere, croissants that looked wonderful, somewhat slow service.
5	We stumbled on this place by accident one day and boy, are we glad we found it! The atmosphere is charming, service is good (a novelty in Montreal), and we were delighted with the fresh croissants, salads, and sandwiches. A great place.
4	La Croissanterie is a little bit off the beaten path followed by visitors to Montreal but well worth a detour.I came on a Sunday afternoon.  My first course was a glass of house red and Quiche Lorraine.  The wine from Chile was a good choice and opened up with time and a bit of warmth.  The quiche was a bit perplexing.  The crust was like some kind of industrial pot pie crust.  The filling -- while very good -- did not have authentic ingredients or presentation.   A tad disappointing from a place that bills itself as a bit of Paris in Montreal.Desert was much better.  Cheesecake -- not your traditional French fare - was stand up and take notice good.  So good you slowed your bites to make it last and to enjoy the perfectly balanced flavors and sublime texture.All in all, the place is worth a visit and I will be back to try the famous croissants.
4	As others say, this is a good place for brunch.  You can't have your omelet in 10 different ways, but you can get some good pastries -- my favorite, the almond croissant -- and hot cocoa, coffee and good oj.  The quiche is good, the sandwiches are fine, but I usually get the "special bonjour", which has a croissant filled with egg, ham and cheese, served with fruit on the side.  It is decent.I think I love the place because of the cozy atmosphere inside -- most like a french bistro than a typical brunch place.  And their patio in the summer is excellent.  A must try, and if you are in the neighborhood, definitely grab a croissant at the bar.
4	We stopped here for lunch before leaving Montreal and heading back to the States. It's a Parisian-style cafe with simple food, very friendly staff and excellent croissants. We had the quiche provencal, croque monsieur and chocolate mousse cake for lunch and got three croissants to go. (FYI, we had to order the croissants separately from the counter.) You can't really go wrong with their croissants, but our favorites were the almond and chocolate. Mmm!
5	Best croissants I've ever had (including those in France...)!  The raisin danish is amazing too.
5	The atmosphere alone is worth the 5 star rating, add to it one of the most addictive chicken and avocado sandwiches served on the freshest baguette and you have perfection. La Croissanterie Figaro is one of those places that has created a perfect atmosphere all year round, the summer offers the most relaxed beautiful Terrasse which is always packed and in the winter the nice tight atmosphere inside makes you feel all comfy while enjoying a huge bowl of cafe au lait perfection.They also have a quiche that is fantastic and I'm sure everything else is really good too, I just can't seem to pull myself away from my two favorite meals.La Croissanterie Figaro is a must try and a place that won't disappoint
4	Delicious on a summer evening or late fall sitting on the quiet side street patio with coffee, wine, crisp fresh homemade croissants... Or tucked into a window booth on a snowy noon eating croque monsieur with lovely melty cheese and gorgeous flakey croissant and fresh side salad... You can't deny the overall good buttery feeling at Croissanterie Figaro. Soft light, perfect corner across from the Ukrainian Federation, lovely cozy decor, inexpensive: a perfect moment for what it is.
5	This quaint place is wonderful both in the summer (with its welcoming terrasse) and winter (with its cozy lighting and antique interior). I have always enjoyed their wine and cheese for a casual lunch-snack or their delectable breakfasts - Croque Monsieur being my favorite! Or even simply a cappuccino or bowl of cafe au lait. Now I know I've given you quite a few options, but that's just it, I have never been disappointed! It's a lovely neighborhood, great atmosphere, and has a variety of choices for a reasonable price!
4	I wish I would have had the chance to try something to eat here, but I only had the mokaccino and it was pretty good, not phenomenal.  The atmosphere of this place was fantastic.  We sat inside because our friend wanted my wife to see that the tables are from old sewing machines.  The whole place had an antique vibe.  The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because I don't feel as though I experienced everything there.  From what I experienced though, it was worth at least 4 stars.
5	My first review on Yelp!  I visit Montreal quite often for work and always take the $20 cab ride to Figaro for my all time favorite breakfast, the Special Bonjour!  A croissant with the top cut off, ham, scrambled egg, tomato and cheese all baked in their amazzzzing old school oven.  Comes with OJ and a latte, I order say what the heck and just order two!  No words describe how good this is!
5	I loved La Croissanterie Figaro.  It's a perfect setting for lunch after the hike up Mont Royale.  Great cafe au lait, sandwiches.  The atmosphere is art-nouveau cafe.  Highly recommend for a relaxing break while walking around the city.  The only thing that would have made our experience better was a clear day.  I can imagine that lunch outside on the patio would be idyllic.
4	Meal: Drinks and tasty treatsRationale: Looking for something to do after walking all the way up Saint-Laurent to Casa del Popolo for coffee, we set our sights on Figaro and were not disappointed. It gave us the opportunity to see a tiny bit of Outremont and provided safe harbor from a brief rainy spell.Food: We ordered a demi-pichet of a local beer (I forget the name) and a slice of carrot cake. Both good. Then another demi-pichet of some other local beer. Then a chocolate-filled croissant. They had many different kinds of chocolate croissant, so we asked which was the best. This one had homemade filling. I would happily eat that chocolate croissant over and over again until I make myself diabetic. Service/atmosphere: Figaro is on the corner of (what seem to be) two residential streets, and the outdoor seating allowed us to hang out for a couple hours and watch the native Montrealers go about their mid-Thursday routines in what I can only assume is a French-inspired tradition. Despite light rain, it was a pleasant atmosphere. I was a bit confused by all of the "reserved" tables, which, during our stay, nobody seemed to come to occupy. We were almost concerned we'd be turned away for not having a reservation until we rounded the corner and noticed some empty un-reserved tables. Our waitress was nice, and kindly offered her translations of the beer and tasty treat menus.Conclusion: Can I sit outside and have beer and cake and chocolate croissants every day, please? I wouldn't change a thing.
3	I have dreamt of my return to Figaro ever since I tried their magical whole wheat croissant a few years ago...I finally had a chance to brunch there today, but the results were somewhat mixed.The (-)s-They seem understaffed - we waited 45 minutes to eat. Do not go their with a grumbling stomach!-They were out of the whole wheat croissant by noon on the Saturday, but our waitress only informed us of this an hour after we had put in our order - and after she tried to serve us plain croissant without asking us. I was devastated, until I actually tried their plain croissant.-The avocado salad was pretty average tasting.-The freshly squeezed grapefruit juice was served at a lukewarm temperature.The (+)s-The plain croissant was perfectly crispy without being too buttery or flaky.-The cappuccino was just right.-The large terrace is very pleasant and well shaded.
5	The most beautiful location in all of Montreal. I had a cappuccino and croissant and it was so lovely to snack and relax here. Can't wait to stop back in next time I visit Montreal and try a meal!
5	Local Flavor. Fabulous CroissantsBest chocolate croissants! Excellent quiche and carrot cake.  Menu is in French only. Highly recommend.  Real local color.
4	very good service!  Pricey but nice ambiance and generally good food!  Good croissants BUT not the best!  Great for summer to sit on the terrace with friends for coffee or a drink
1	The croissants were too rich, though the prices were quite reasonable.  What really was even more unappealing though was the attitude the waiting staff had.  I bought my croissant and espresso and went out to the patio to enjoy the beautiful weather, only to have a waiter order me to leave in French.  I explained to him that I was not from around here and was perfectly willing to be served, but he cut me off and asked me to leave.  I walked off in disgust, but only after talking to the manager and the waiter himself, telling each that their attitude was unbecoming for a business with their apparent reputation.
4	Great and original place with varieties of choices when it comes to croissants.
1	Overrated, slow service
5	I had a croissant sandwich with grilled chicken, avacado, brie and pesto. It looked like a small sandwich at first but it packs a punch! It was so rich and tasty I could hardly finish it. I'll never underestimate La Croissanterie again!I also got a couple nutella-filled croissants to go. They smell like a chocolatey buttery heaven.
5	I used to come to this restaurant a LOT when I attended Marianopolis College and McGill U, from 1978-1983. This was my go-to place for croissants and coffee back in the day, when it was called "La Croissanterie" (no "Figro" in the name). I was SO relieved to see that the place was still here, on the same corner, with the same kind of Parisienne vibe, and the same cute outdoor terasse. The interior has changed somewhat (I remember it being larger, and more open, but hey, we're going back over 30 years). The food is as wonderful as I remember! Brought my kids here today and we sat outside. The kids had croissants - one regular, one chocolate. They were both in heaven. One kid had a pot of tea and the other, hot chocolate. Again, both were very happy with their beverages. I ordered quiche Lorraine and man, it was good. Can't really get legit quiche in Seattle, and it was a real treat for me. My kids tried it and loved it. And I had my old Montreal standby: cafe au lait, in a bowl. Man, it's good to be back home! Don't want to leave....  (It's really good to have some things the same, as I remember them, as so much in the city has changed, and not all for the better....). Our waitress we had was lovely, and she was happy to speak in English to us.Note: the bathroom in the rear of the restaurant is beyond tiny. Cute, but if you need any room, for any reason, forget about it.
4	We loved our first meal (dinner) here so much that we returned for breakfast two days later.  Both times, there was some akwardness with the language barrier, but we just smiled as much as possible and did our best to communicate.   Everything was fresh, tasty and beautifully plated.  There is indoor and outdoor seating....very European in it's decor.  Do yourself a favor and dine here during your stay in Montreal.
4	Really great atmosphere and friendly staff. We were on a quest for the best chocolatine in Montreal and this was our first stop! This was tasty and served warm! However, it was a little smaller than others and nothing really stood out about it. It tied for 3rd in our final tally.(As a sidenote, if you don't speak French and what is brought to you doesn't look like what you expected, ask! Don't eat it assuming you are incorrect, as we did.)
5	Amazing decor, delicious food, service was wonderful quick and friendly. Will go back often
5	We tried Olive first but it's closed for holiday! A long way from old port, but really worth it!We tried four different croissants, all fabulous! My favourite is cream almond one!The decor is amazing and our waitress was glad to speaking English( I had to say that I studied the menu for quite a long while, lol)
5	visiting Montreal and came here for brunch. Most amazing croissants ever. The soup du jour was perfect for a cold winter day and everything else was so fresh - including the freshly squeezed juice! classy, rustic and authentic atmosphere, fast service and great prices...except for those unavoidable taxes.  This is a must try croissant bistro in montreal.
4	Good place to have brunch. Can't remember the dish we ordered, but they were the first and the second on the menu. Good taste but a little too creamy for my taste
5	Love the location and the decor. It has this romantic feel to it. The service was very good as well as the food. I wish they had a English menu but other then that everything was good.
5	As a tourist from NY, never have I been to a crueler place on earth! This spot introduced me to the Madame Croque dish, and ever since, I have been ordering the very same dish in every brunch restaurant in NYC and not once have I tasted something nearly as amazing! Yet I keep stupidly ordering it over and over in hopes of finding its NY equivalent, but alas, none. This is definitely one of the most amazing brunches I've had in my life. Go! And please convince them to open a branch in NYC!
5	This place is picture post card cute. From the giant bowl of latte to the almond creme croissant breakfast was perfect. My bagel with cream cheese and smoked salmon was enough for two meals. The French know how to do breakfast, coffee and pastry. If you want a authentic taste of Montreal Figaro is your place.
2	We spent the day walking around Outremont. We had planned to stop for a coffee and croissant just because of great reviews. Due to time of day we ended up having lunch instead. Very disappointing.We had a small table on the terrace. The tables are so close together we literally could not even into our seats. Please note we are not giants. Once in we could not move. Really I think they could get rid of a couple tables to at least allow customers to move.My wife order a salad. That was fine but nothing special. I ordered a sandwich which was supposed to have grilled chicken, tomato, goat cheese, avocado and pesto. Sounded great. I had it on a baguette. It was a small warm sandwich with a little salad on the side. The sandwich was terrible. It had hardly anything in it and what was there was almost indistinguishable. Where the cheese and avocado were I have no idea. There was a little bit of chicken present. Ok so there was not a lot of stuff. What matters is how it tastes. Well it did not taste good at all. It seem like all pesto goop. Soon after it was served the bread had become saturated in the green goop. It was really unpleasant. I should have sent it back.The waitress ask me at end of meal if I enjoyed everything. I explained to her how I felt about the sandwich. She said she was sorry to hear that. But did nothing to remedy the situation or to compensate. We were planning of having coffee and dessert but our golden rule is when things go bad in a restaurant we cut our loses and stop ordering anymore food.$35.00 for a salad and a sandwich. If you love it that is fine but when you do not enjoy it, it is a lot to pay. There may be other things on menu that are great but after my experience today we will not be back.
1	This place used to be one of my favourite. But let me explain why it gets two starts.+ Great ambiance, Parisian interior. From here on, all goes down the hill.- Horrible coffee. Even 3-star diners have better coffee than here.- We ordered two almond croissants and one regular croissant. Almond croissants were two fingers wide! (It looked more like a rolled crepe than a croissant) Seriously, if anybody reading this review would try baking croissants they will probably obtain a better shape than them. - The almond pate was not tasty at all. When you order an almond croissant you expect to taste it when you bite it. But it was more like a hide-and-seek with the pate.You can say, "oh, c'mon. It's just a croissant." Well, the place is called Croissanterie! They are so behind the game. I suggest them to try Regal Matinal, Hof Kelsten or Myriade - 2's croissants to learn how it should be.
3	I went there with a friend. Bad service, she made a mistake on my bill (twice) and our water glasses were always empty. I give the 3 stars for the food itself. We had the croque-madame (with turkey) and the Quiche. The salad that went with it was delicious, with julienne-cut vegetables. The americanos were amazing, not too strong either. I would go back there to try the brunch or breakfast. In sum, this french-like bistro really portrays the ''service'' and food you would have only in the old continent.
5	Love it, beautiful, quaint restaurant, excellent white sangria - service can sometimes be a bit slow - but if you come prepared for that, it's absolutely worth it, especially in summer.
3	Great decor. My gf felt like she was back at home in Paris. It was nice to have warm utensils (something that is lacking at many fine dining establishments around Montreal). I did enjoy the croissant, but it is a far drive to get one daily.
5	Finally made it to Figaro after running past it for over a year! I have to say, I was not disappointed by my experience here. We had the vegetable pizza, which had a phyllo crust, and it was delicious! We should not have shared the dish. The wait for food was a little lengthy and I was disappointed that their tea was "Twining's Tea" but all in all it was a pleasant experience.
