4	Like any new establishment there's wrinkles to iron out such as making the soda fountain fully operational and making sure food prices in the registers are the same as on the menuboards.As for signage I agree that without visible signage that can be a factor for long term success.FYI, Brueggers offers 1 hour validated parking in the parking garage.
4	Welcome to the Camelback corrider, Brueggers!    Good coffee, fast service, hot bagels.  It's not New York-style bagels.   It doesn't have the shmoozy ambience of the Starbucks that previously inhabited the same spot.    I would not drive miles to get there.   But if you live and/or work in the neighborhood, Brueggers is an easy place to grab a bagel or a sandwich.   There is nothing like it close by.   It is not gourmet, but it does what it does well.   For neighbors, a dependable place to add to the rotation.    For office workers, no need to cross the street for something quick and tasty to eat.  Ya gotta love that!
2	Your service SUCKS and is s-l-o-wWhy don't you drink a cup of Joe?Or just do a line of blow?To help with the logisticsPreparation of bagels should be quite simplisticOr maybe I'm being too realistic?Good thing your "breakfast bagel" is delicious!Employees snicker, "Oh she was merely being capricious."Add some bacon for THE meal that's most nutritiousSurprisingly, your coffee was pretty strongI really don't want to complain for too longWish this was a more upbeat songSo hopefully you'll get your sh*t together All doubts gone foreverCZ' I really am about to severAnd say never, ever, everBe stuck going to Einstein's even though your bagels are better
5	Brueggers was my DC area go-to for a yummy morning soft-wich or the post-lunch cookie break. I did a little dance when I saw it in the Biltmore area... everything is just as good as the E Street experience and the lunch sandwiches are pretty good if you are too lazy to walk across the street to the restaurants. Oh... and I recently discovered that their teas are really yummy too...
4	This is evidently a new location, very close to my new apartment which is sweet.  The ladies were all super nice, I had a lot of fun talking with them; my bf doesn't like eggs, at all, and she was kind enough to make his bfast bagel w/o egg and extra other stuff.  I had the "skinny" sandwich which is eggwhites, turkey sausage and sundried tomato spread on a thin bagel, would have been awesome if the spread wasn't kind of ketchup-y.  My only "complaint" - otherwise highly recommended!  Oh, parking is kind of a pain, not many spots out front, but they offer free valet for an hour!
3	This place is a welcome addition to the neighborhood and I am glad to have it.  I don't have much to say about the food, it is typical.  The coffee is good (better than Starbucks IMO) but Sweet-n-Low would be a nice addition.My complaint about this place is the service.  The service is extremely slow, mentally and physically.On my last visit, I ordered a breakfast sandwich (menu says egg and cheese on a bagel) with sausage on a sesame bagel.  She turned, distracted by another customer's order, and then turned back and asked "What kind of bagel?".  Then when making the sandwich asked "Do you want egg on that?" (egg is PART of the breakfast bagel sandwich!!!)  Once the egg was warmed (2-minute process finding egg patties in the refrigerator, walking them to the microwave, working on another customer's order), she proceeded to make and wrap the sandwich WITHOUT sausage.  In the interim, she was busy trying to complete several other orders.  A simple bagel sandwich took almost 8 minutes from order to checkout, and I was 2nd in line. It also took me repeating order items or coaching the server 3 times.This was not a one-time deal.  I frequent this place for breakfast and the service is always EXCRUCIATINGLY SLOW.  During breakfast hours, they usually don't have the eggs warmed!  They mess up on the contents of the sandwich and wrap items even with the menu hanging right over their heads!  They do not listen well to customer orders resulting in having to repeat order items at least once and usually more.It does not matter who the server is, they never get my order right on the first try, seem to be confused by my order (straight off the menu) and take FOREVER to put it together.The help needs to be trained in several things...1) Better knowledge of the menu.2) Keeping all necessary preparation items fully stocked.3) LISTENING to the customer's order.4) Better multi-task skills OR focus on ONLY ONE CUSTOMER AT A TIME.They seem to try to make up for higher customer demand times by working on (and messing up) multiple orders at a time.  They should just focus on listening and then rapidly and properly completing one customer's order at a time.
3	Disclaimer: I'm a Jew from New York. I know good bagels and damn good bagel sandwiches. They are not here. My first trip in, I just picked up a Rosemary Olive Oil bagel with nothing on it. I'll be honest, it's good! Doughy, with that sort of crunchy outer shell. Good flavor. Moist. I enjoyed it.Second time in, I was met with a lot of: "We don't carry that" and "we ran out of this". It was 9am... You're seriously already out of items that you still have signs up for?I ultimately settled on the Rosemary bagel again, but toasted with sausage and egg. You know something's wrong when it's ready in 67 seconds. They don't make the eggs fresh for you. They're already formed in a perfect disk with that weird fluffy quality not found in normal scenarios. The bagel wasn't really toasted either. The sausage is the same perfect shape as the eggs and just kind of tastes salty and processed.  Very disappointing that they don't really have fresh ingredients. I was hoping for and expecting so much more!
4	Went through Phoenix on a work trip and was very pleasantly surprised...it took awhile, but the salmon with cream cheese, capers and onions was fantastic with a bagel toasted just right with good balance of crunch and ingredients.
3	Just picked up a half dozen bagels and strawberry cream cheese.  Drinks were orange juice and frozen mocha coffee drink.  Drinks were good.  Bagels were just okay.  The bagels were a bit chewy but standard for a chain bagel shop.  The cinnamon sugar one rated best.  They worked out great for not being near our local bagel shop.  Would like to find a good shop on this side of town.
2	This Bruggers suffers from very poor customer service. The manager had a terrible attitude! I thought she might even quit her job when I asked for a cup for water. Who wants to start their day like this? Even the 16 year old kids at McDonald's are much nicer in the morning.
1	My overall review for this location of Brueggers is 1-star. But, I must say... when you ACTUALLY get what you ordered, the food is quite good. I prefer Brueggers over Einstein's any day. The bagels are softer and I enjoy their flavors better. But, one can only describe a trip to the Brueggers at 24th and Camelback as either a trip to the Twilight Zone, an episode of Candid Camera or a stint on Punk'd (or a combination of all of the above). The employees are friendly enough, and it seems to be locally owned and operated, but the employees are slow, inept and downright stuipd. I hate to call anyone stupid, but there really is no other explanation. You must repeat even the simplest of orders at least three-four times and only order one item or sandwich at a time. No matter what type of bagel you ask for, they grab a different one and you have to nicely inform them once again of the kind you wanted. If you ask for no cheese on the sandwich, they put it on any way. Ask for bacon? You get sausage. It's really that bad.One trip, I ordered two sandwiches. Knowing their level of service, I ordered SLOWLY and asked for one sandwich at a time. The employee asked me three times what type of bagel, four times if I wanted it toasted and still got it wrong. I seriously felt I was on MTV's Boiling Points.My last three visits, I brought the food home only to find the order was wrong.Today, I ordered two bagel sandwiches. One was correct, the other was totally wrong, after reminding the employee three times of what I wanted (and after stopping him from grabbing the wrong bagel).I live nearby, its a convenient location and the food is good. The service SUCKS.I typically go on the weekends, but I have friends that work in the building, and they have had similar experiences during the week and have stopped going.You have to experience this for yourself. Words seriously can't describe.
2	How is it possible that a bagel shop runs out of nearly every bagel at 9:30 in the morning?!?  One would think that there would be new batches of each flavor ready to go when a flavor runs out.  That's called good business!!  I was forced to settle for flavors I did not want and will now go the extra distance to Einstein's when I have a craving for a bagel and cream cheese.  This is honestly the first and only time I have visited a bagel shop for breakfast only to see that they were out of nearly every flavor of bagel!  What a joke, lost a customer.
1	I work in the building, so grabbing a quick lunch is convenient.  however, each time I get sucked back in -I regret it.  I went in today for and ordered a BLT- $8.50 w a drink and chips3 slices of bacon and GREEN tomatoes.  Since I'm still hungry, i will find a real value in the vending machinesI need a shock collar to prevent my return in the future
3	Came here for some breakfast bagels since it's across the street from my office.  The people there do not speak English very well therefore we had a language barrier when I was trying to order a ham, egg and cheese bagel sandwich.  It took a lot longer than necessary to place what I considered a simple order.  Took the sandwich back to the office, it was really nicely wrapped, but honestly, the sandwich had no taste to it.  I had to load on the salt to make it even taste like anything.  I was so disappointed.  It was reasonably priced at under $4 for the bagel sandwich, but I wish it would've tasted a little better.
1	Incredibly disappointed, and somewhat insulted. Went there for breakfast Sunday, 9/26, at 8:20am. Granted this location is in the 'business' area of Scottsdale, there weren't many people out and about, there was a Brueggers employee on the corner with a sign, encouraging people to come in for breakfast. There were 4 employees (within sight) when we walked in - there were no other customers in the store, although 2 were outside. We were greeted by one employee, from across the store, and while I waited about 10 minutes for the lone bagel-maker-guy to make 3 toasted bagels w/cream cheese for my friend, NO ONE came out to help (take my order). Another employee, came in and out of the dining area - he was really focused on wiping the Coke machine (it did NOT look dirty, it was clean, as was the rest of the store). But this other employee either just stood at the cash register, staring out the window, or . . . finding something to do while I waited for the lone bagel-maker-guy to take my order - which was 2 toasted bagels, 1 w/cream cheese, the other w/lox, etc.). By the time I got my 2 bagels, my friend was completely done with his 3 bagels, so we left (so much for eating out together). During the time (15 minutes) I waited for my 2 bagels (and probably would have been quicker if the employee had simply turned up the toaster heat, and slowed the conveyor so the bagel would actually toast - rather than put it back through FOUR TIMES) I saw 3 other employees who did NOTHING to help the one person behind the counter. When I constructively expressed my frustration to the cashier (who turned out to be the manager - I forget her name), she told me she was "doing inventory", and responded "I was not aware of the situation", to which I replied, 'yeah, that's how it goes' (like, hello????? OBVIOUSLY you were not aware.Look, I have about 15 years restaurant, and retail management experience, for companies that lead in customer service . . . and for a national chain, Bruegger's fails miserably. As a business, you NEVER sacrifice customer service when doing inventory, and you train your employees to MULTITASK. If there's anyone waiting, and you are able, HELP your co-worker(s). This was one of the worst experiences, and poorest examples of customer service I've seen in a very long time.
1	Too expensive for pre-packaged salads.
1	Oh geez! Where do I begin?! I guess with the most important THE HORRIBLE MANAGER! A place of business can have the best food but with terrible staff that just doesn't matter! This woman, I believe Felicia is her name actually put the blame on Me! A customer because she didn't input  or  LISTEN to my order! I've given this place several chances since its near my office but I will drive out of the way to an Einstein or even Duncan donuts! This place has lost a lot of customers from my building just because the customer service is slow or late with orders and don't own up to the mistakes. The only reason I'm giving it one star is because when your order is right it is delicious but when you have to wait a long period for it because it's busy and other staffers are working their butts off & I have in MANY occasions seen this " manager" just twiddling her thumbs.  For being in a High-end part of town (Biltmore area, across from the Ritz Carlton) this manager definitely  doesn't have her priorities  straight!! THE CUSTOMER IS ALWAYS RIGHT! CORPORATE! HELP THIS PLACE or we'll petition for a chompies to replace this location!
4	I come by for lunch a few times a week. Food is good, inexpensive, and the staff is always helpful and friendly.Breakfast sandwiches are a bit expensive compared to what you get, but lunch is a good deal.
3	Had taken my mother in law to the doctor. While I was waiting I took a walk to find coffee. Or preferred expresso. I walked buy and decided they would work for what I needed. I only got expresso so I can't talk about the rest of what they had.The place was clean and neat. The expresso was much better than Starbucks.If I was in the area and wanted a cup of expresso I would go there again.
3	I love BB!!! Grew up on it in the Midwest. Love the bacon scallion cc on an everything bagel. I also really like the onion & chive cc on a salt bagel. They have great iced tea. Their location is not ideal bc parking is limited.
5	I found the employees very pleasant, and the restaurant was very clean. My breakfast bagel was delicious, hot, and fresh.The only negative I've found about this place is the parking is a bit scant. It's not your normal parking lot. But parking in the garage is free for their customers.
3	Nothing special here. I got the western breakfast sandwich. Pretty good sandwich, but small portions left me wanting more. The flavor is pretty good if you like chipotle. The peppers added nice texture to the sandwich too.Mostly people just coming in to grab a bagel or coffee on the way to work. Overheard: grandson: what's dui mean?Grandma: *pause* umm... Drinking... Under the influence.
3	I use Brueggers as a quick place to grab a bagel or at lunchtime a cup of soup. The employees greet you with a smile, and are extremely pleasant.  The chicken tortilla soup is nice, and has a little bit of a kick to it. I wish they had a few other things, like yogurt to go along with the bagel sandwiches in the morning.
1	Worst experience for a first timer, which just made me a last timer. I will never go back to this place. They couldn't get any of my orders right. I ordered 2 Salmon sandwiches, ended up with only one, but was charged for 2. Then I thought a coffee sounded good, they got one of them but forgot mine, so after I reminded them, they couldn't grasp what a blended decaf peppermint mocha was. Once I tasted it I sent it right back and asked for my $ back. I wouldn't recommend this place to ANYONE.
5	I'm in the Phoenix area about twice a month and I always stop at Bruegger's to try something new off their menu. I'm never disappointed & its worth the couple extra bucks to not be eating drive thru processed food and the cookies are always fresh and yummy!I'm loving the new staff and how welcoming they make the shop!!!
