5	AMAZING! On your first visit you already feel part of the ortho family. Everyone is warm, friendly and knowledgeable. Dr. Serrano makes you feel very comfortable and talks to you about every aspect of your case. Me and 2 of my 5 children have been patients for over a year. I recommend their office to everyone! As an added bonus there are fresh baked (on-site) cookies ready for you after your visit. Electronic forms and appointment reminders make it very easy to schedule and keep your appointments. There is even a kids game room with iPads for the kids to play games on. LOVE this office!
5	I love this group! I've been in the dental field for over 20 years and had to choose an orthodontist to treat my daughter. Her dad is a disabled general dentist and very selective with who is allowed to care for his girls. We had a handful of specialists evaluate Devon and were thrilled when we met Dr Serrano. His fun attitude won over my not so easily impressed 11 year old. Dr Serrano had an extreme attention to detail during our consultation and he was able to win over my NY ex hubby. No wonder he has been rated a Top Dentist in AZ year after year.We even had a visit w Dr Kyger in Chandler and Connie and Trish and it was all around a great choice for our family.
5	My son goes here for ortho treatment after knocking his front tooth out while riding his bike. Dr. Serrano is great, always warm, kind and welcoming. His office is always clean and his staff is always professional and very accommodating to my work schedule. My niece is also a patient and she loves him, I'm normally not pleased about spending thousands (or a descent used car) but when it comes to my child and his self confidence regarding his smile, Dr. Serrano is well worth it, he's not a Top Doc for nothing.
4	I absolutely love this office! Dr. Serrano is so kind and is a great listener. He made sure that all my questions were answered and that I understood everything. His staff was so awesome! They were so funny and made me feel like a part of their family! I would definitely recommend Dr.  Serrano and his staff to anyone. :)
5	I highly recommend Dr. Serrano. I have been going to Dr. Serrano since I was a littleGirl. I have a very small mouth with big teeth. He did a great job with my metal braces. I unfortunely didn't wear my retainer so my teeth got crooked. I went back for the second time for Invisalign. I loved Invisalign compared to my metal braces. He was able to make my teeth straight, smaller, and they don't flare out anymore.
