5	This company was painting several homes in our subdivision, and they offered us a good rate because they were already in the area (Northwest Las Vegas).  We examined several of the houses and it looked like they did a good job.THEY DID.We contracted with them to paint the exterior of the house (about 14 years old, stucco exterior, had never been painted since it was new).  These guys are awesome.  They pay attention to every detail.  This was a professional job done as well as any professional could do.First they power washed the entire house, cleaning off the old dust and dirt from the stucco.  They scraped the soffits down to bare wood.  Then they left the place to thoroughly dry out before painting began.Drop cloths were everywhere.  They raked back dirt and mulch from the base of the house, taped up windows and doors, lamps, keyholes, door knobs -- everything.Then they power sprayed the stucco.  They hand painted all the wood around the soffits.  They painted the doors, including the garage door.  It's now so white that it nearly blinds you to look at it.  They even painted the metal gates with rust inhibiting paint.  The contrasting trim now shows up (it had faded over the years).  The place looks like it was constructed yesterday !The workers and the owner were extremely friendly and very professional.  This company outlined all the work that they proposed to do ahead of time, and then proceeded to do exactly WHAT they promised to do, WHEN they promised to do it.I highly recommend this company.  I couldn't be more pleased with the results.
5	This company did an amazing job painting the exterior of our 10 year old home. They were very professional and detail oriented. They took the time to tape and plastic everything off so that the overspray didn't get on anything. (Even our travel trailer!). The guys had our 4000 square foot home, trailer gate, and iron work painted in just 2 days!! Thanks Dave and guys! Our house looks like new!
5	WOW!  As a Las Vegas native, it is hard to find a contractor in any trade who will first and foremost show up on time and actually do the job they said they were going to do.  David and his crew did that and more.  There attention to detail and quality of work speaks for itself....from power washing the house, prepping it for paint and actually using 100% paint (ie not watered down).  They not only make your house look good, but they make you look good too when you refer them to friends or family.
