4	The one time I have dealt with this company I was not impressed. The girl up front was nice (Jessica was her name I believe) but seemed to be way over her work load. She was the only one answering phones, trying to get the order I was there to pick up for my wife, and juggling other paperwork. If it were not for her busting her butt like she was, this would be a one star. Quite a pity as a few in my immediate family work for this company, I wanted to give this a better review.--edit--There is a new Jessica up front, but this one is my wife (the family member previously mentioned). Just thought it necessary to add as they both have the same name.
1	Beware this company is the worse.One star is more than I would give Apria Healthcare but there aren't any minuses. If you can avoid this place, run away, even if you have to pay cash. Including Healthcare in their name is a disgrace. The so called therapists are a batch of badly trained, uncaring, ineffective idiots. The customer service and quality control group are horribly under trained and basically stupid. They sent me the wrong products over and over and over again. Though I informed my insurance company, they were paid anyway. I tried to return the items but as I had opened the boxes, I am not allowed to return any of the bad shipments even though I was sent items I did not order. Apria expects payment and has turned my account over to collections.Apria Healthcare is a national group. I heard that they are one of six allowed by Medicare under Obamacare. Millions of patients will be treated badly thanks to our public officials being well paid, trading their responsibility to the American voters for lined pockets.
2	I dread having to try and call for information from this company but its the one my insurance co deals with. I inevitably get put on hold for 20minutes or more after  having to endure listening to multiple menu choices.  Then the receptionist answers the phone and I have to explain my question then I get put on hold again for the "appropriate expert.   The recorded message says help is just a moment away...I've been on hold now for over  40 minutes.  That's a very long moment.   I GIVE UPMy albuterol nebulizer compressor stopped working after just 12 uses.  I think they supply you with the cheapest noisiest equipment...probably according to Medicare guidelines then if you complain enough they will change it out for better quality equipment,  that's what happened with my CPAP equipment
