4	I've been coming to this location for a few months now and have yet to have a bad experience.  I think I was approached with the most add on's yet today, but each emoloyee accepted the first "no" respectfully (learn from this, Cobblestone!).     Today I took my car in after a weekend trip to the river, so it was a little dingier than usual.  They did a thorough job cleaning out the interior and the outside was spotless, all for the basic wash price.  Maybe they took extra care since they weren't very busy on a Monday afternoon.  This place can be a zoo at the lunch hour or after work, so mid afternoon's during the midweek are highly recommended.An extra bonus is I have been receiving $4 off coupons in the mail fairly regularly, so as long as they keep that off they have a loyal customer!
3	Coins stolen out of my car on every visit.  I know it's obvious that you shouldn't leave money in the car, but here we're talking about a few coins in the cupholder that I use for parking meters.  When you have a screaming kid in the backseat and you're trying to remember to remove the radar detector it can be tough to remember the coins.Prices are reasonable here, and but always try to talk you into windshield repairs that aren't necessarily needed.  Also, they broke off the seat recline lever on my wife's car and I had to have it repaired at the dealer.Wipedown and touch up after the watch is very spotty.  There's always residual brake dust on my wheels that they seem to miss, it just depends on whether it is a little or a lot.
1	I came there with a coupon. Withing 5 seconds I was upsold for something $5 more expensive. My fault, but it was just the beginning. The nice young man went on to ask me three time if I wanted detailing. I said I didn't.  Then we waisted another 3 minutes talking about the services I didn't need.  When I finally got to the register and after my bill was brought on later, the charge for detailing was there. Again they judged me right. $ 20 is not a big deal, I didn't go back to argue. I am now on my third hour of waiting. The room is full of people in the same situation.  The Guy next to me is joking,  we must be getting our money worth for it to take so long. It looks like they talked or tricked a lot of people into buying the service knowing they do not have enough people to handle it.
2	Went here to get a car wash and vacuum prior to a drive to LA.  Decided to get upsold to the full works.  The guy told us one hour and $79.  Cool, we said. So we walked across the street to eat at TGI Fridays.  We return 70 minutes later to see our car parked and no one around it.  When I walk up to it a girl tells me it's not ready yet.  I ask how long and she says, one hour.  I said one hour more? Yes.Now, bear in mind, I have a 5 hour drive ahead of me and have already pushed my arrival back an hour.  So I complain to the guy who we bought from and he says the best he could do is put all his guys on it.  An hour later, it was ready.Bottom line is, the guy was full of shit when he told me an hour, because there is no fucking way they could do all of that work on a Suburban in an hour.  He knew that if he was honest and told me two hours that I would say forget it, just do the wash and vacuum.  If you don't mind getting upsold and lied to, go to Danny's and expect the LONG wait time that I had.
1	I was so excited about their anniversary 50% off deal but I didn't realize they'd only do a 50 % job. They did a horrible job! They left watermarks all over my car. And my seats weren't even cleaned nor dry BUT they sure did remembered to clean out my middle console and STOLE all my change about 5 bucks worth. Im NEVER going back there again!
2	My husbands truck needed a cleaning after some really messy Off Roading.  We decided to go on a Sunday and get the VIP package.. it's a $20 dollar wash supposedly with all the upgrades like interior cleaning and bottom of car wash.  Wait was horrible.. Truck was so dirty on the outside they actually put it through the wash a second time which was nice.  After waiting 40 minutes for our car and seeing hardly any staff touch the inside we were sick of waiting in 110+ weather and were called up by staff alerting us the car was ready.  We got in and drove off without inspection.  Big mistake! We got home and the carpets were not cleaned and still dust all over the inside, you could tell no one cleaned it.  I felt ripped off and ended up going to a cheapo car wash down the street for 3 bucks for a wash and free vacuuming the next week.  Car looked better by me putting in the work.. Don't waste your money on the VIP, totally not worth the wait or price.
1	Went to Danny's Car Wash on Sunday and bought "The Works". Apparently, that means half the works... gave them a tip, jumped in the car and left. When I got home and got into the truck on the passenger's side, they had not touched it! They forgot to do 1/2 of the inside! I guess they do not have a Quality Check procedure at this place. This was my first experience with them. I think I'll go back to using my regular guys as they always do a good job. I was disappointed in the service but it would have taken longer to go back that just wiped it all down myself.
3	I called Danny's on Bell the first week of May 2013, inquiring about windshield tinting since I just replaced my windshield due to cracking and already missed my tint! My face and thighs were frying in the sun during my daily commutes.I was told that window tinting in Arizona is illegal even though many people tint their windows. This was news to me but makes sense since I moved to AZ from Florida 2 years ago where I purchased a used car with charcoal tint included. In the 2 years I have lived here, I'd never been pulled over. To combat this "gray" area, Danny's only applies Llumar Air Blue tint. It is damn near crystal clear but has a slight blue tint. Picture a Blue Bombay bottle reduced by 50%. That's Air Blue. If you want more information about it then Google Llumar Air Blue to compare it to classic charcoal tints. Personally, I would have loved a Classic 50 (TM) on my windshield because, unlike many people, I do like the "cave" feeling of a tinted car, but 1. I'm moving out of state in 5 days and Danny's is first-come first served; 2. I'm single and in PHX temporarily with no family or friends here and have to wait on my car as its being serviced AND I work M-F from 8-5; 3. I'm 1/2 worried I won't be able to see out of a Classic 50 at night even with my Sylvania Silver Star Ultra headlight bulbs. I asked the guy on the phone (Matt?), "Does the $250 cover everything?" He said, and I quote, "Yes."  I should have asked, "Does the $250 include Arizona sales tax?" I then asked him, "How long will it take?" He replied, "About an hour for windshields" I arrived on a Saturday morning at 7:15am so I'd be first in line. At 8am, the attendant opened for business and I told him I'd been there since 7:15am so I could be first in line. He then said that Saturdays were their busiest days and Danny's suggests that people drop their cars off and return later for pick-up. I then explained to him that that was impossible. He said it would take about an hour and with tax would total $275. REALLY? I got a quote at Cactus for $225 but they're by appointment only and were booked. At 9:30am, I went to the tinting area and inquired about my car because it was way past time. They said it would be ready by 10am. At 9:50am, they called me from the lobby and I inspected my windshield. At first glance, it looked great! I could tell that a tint had been applied yet I could see through it easily. Air Blue! As I prepared to leave, I noticed that my cup holders had about 1/4 inch of water in them. Then I looked up and noticed my rear-view mirror had water spots all over it. I'm thankful for spotting the water spots because then I noticed that my electrified rear-view mirror electrical cord was still UNattached and taped to the ceiling. I got nervous, and really inspected my windshield. That's when I noticed a few little bubbles, a few weird faint bubble-lines that look almost like stretch marks, and a scratch that could have been caused by a fingernail. (Update: After 24 hours in the sun, all the bubbles tightened up as did the "stretch marks." Looks great!) I went back in and got a technician. I showed him the electrical cord and the scratch. He said they'd re-do the tint if I wanted. I declined because I was tired and lived 30 minutes away. I just wanted to go home. I'd been there for 3 hours--and hour longer than estimated by the tint manager (Matt?). This time when I left, a technician (Matt?) followed me out and told me that the bubbles should tighten up in the sun over the course of the day, especially the ones on the dotted 3rd visor and dotted/frit edge of the passenger-side. If they tighten up, I'll update you. Driving away from Danny's on Bell, the first thing I noticed was how clear the Air Blue tint was. I wear polarized, prescription sun glasses and, at times, see pink & lime stripes in my charcoal tint--if not rainbow-flaring. With Air Blue, I don't get any kind of visual feedback. It's nice. It's still really bright, but I can't complain about Air Blue. I just wish the installation tech hadn't been so sloppy WITH THE TINT and that Matt? had been more clear about pricing and more honest about the estimated wait time. That's why they're not getting 5 stars--customer service and technician conscientiousness. However, Air Blue is good stuff and gets 5 stars---if its what you're looking for.
1	Using my last prepaid wash today and won't be back. Slow service, rude cashier AND they are blasting country music while I wait. This place has gone way downhill
1	WOW, a lot of you know that I am very easy going person. And it takes a lot to put me on edge.I just got off the phone with Danny's Family Car Wash corporate office, to report that one of their workers accidentally broke an expensive phone holder in my car a couple weeks ago. I wouldn't make a big deal about this, however, it was a very awful customer service experience and I wanted to share it with my sphere:1. It took them two weeks to call me.2. The person I spoke to claimed to have called me last week, but he did not.3. They refuse to pay for it because they said their worker didn't break it.How would they know? They weren't even there?They made no attempt to remedy the situation. The first thing the person at the corporate office said was they aren't going to replace it because the store manager said they didn't break it. The Manager was in his office when it happened, how would he know?This company seems to not care at all to satisfy their customers one bit. There was no apology, no remorse, no nothing.After speaking to the person at the corporate office, I told him that I was going to post my experience on FB and he said, "Now you are going to extort me?"REALLY??? I can't believe that they would rather have a customer upset with them instead of trying to work it out. I used to love bringing my car to Danny's Family Car Wash, but it seems that they have become a shady company, with the whole police raid fiasco.ARGH! I am all about treating a customer right and providing excellent customer service. I also believe in second chances, so if they see this post and decide to contact me and make it right, I will update/retract this post. But right now, I am just super upset with how I was treated. I love to support my local businesses, but if they don't treat their customers right, then what's the point?If you also had a bad experience with Danny's Family Car Wash, please share it here with others. Let's try to convince this company to take action towards better customer service. ~ Take Care & God Bless.
