1	What a disaster.  I bought a groupon for a cleaning knowing I had the need for a filling and that he would find it.  Dr. Runco certainly did, so we scheduled another appointment. He told me it was deep but he wouldn't know if it was root canal worthy until he drilled... Fair enough. The procedure went well. Dr. Runco told me that it did not hit the root and I was lucky but some discomfort and sensitivity would be normal for the next few hrs. The next 3 days were the most painful days of my life. And by painful i mean drop to your knees and cry in front of your buddies kinda painful.  The only way i could get relief was to keep water in my mouth... So i did... For the next 48 hrs.  I could sleep for 10 seconds at a time until the water needed changed so the drooling and choking ensued.  Unfortunately it was a weekend and I couldnt get an appt so my next stop was the ER to get through until Dr. Runco could see me the following day.  I was prescribed mild pain pills and a mild antibiotic. Triple doses of the pills finally dulled the pain to the point I could stand it but when I called, I was pushed off another 3 days because they were too busy to do the root canal procedure (so I thought).  Yes. Another three days of agony and when I walk through the door and explained to the doc that I've never experienced this kind of pain, he asked why didnt I call? I said I did and he embarrassing proceeded. So I now sit in anticipation for relief or a root canal... I waited 5 days, while wanting to die, just to be told in 5 minutes that he couldn't do the procedure and recommended me to a specialist after writing a heavier pain med and a power packed antibiotic. I stomped  home, popped the meds and called the specialist to find out the procedure was $2500 just to remember that Dr. Runco asked me to come back for a $900 cap. $3400 for a root canal? I needed some time to figure out how I was going to come up w the $$$ so I popped more and more meds over the next two days and came to the decision that an extraction would be my only option. BUT WAIT.  The pain is actually gone completely and I still have enough meds to fend a few days to get to another dentist if the pain comes back... Dr. Runco ensured me that the pain was going to come back in a couple days so I should be sure to carry on w the procedure and stop back in for the $900 cap. He would even help me apply for a credit card to pay for it.  At this point I'm thinking since I'm going to have it pulled anyways, I may as well wait for the pain to come back before I go.  After all I'm incredibly busy and who wants to go have a tooth ripped out of their mouth?  *fast forward*This is currently week number 7 and I am still waitin for the pain to come back. His staff, although courteous, still put my urgent matter on the back burner.  He never offered to refund my filling money or at least subtract it from the $900 cap amount. And he never called to check up on me to see how my experience went at the specialist he referred me to or schedule a follow up exam.  I wonder if they will call back for my next cleaning that I paid in advance for?...UPDATE*** It's April and still no problems.
1	HORRIBLE.  My husband went to see Dr. Runco and was told to get a root canal for a tooth that previously had a filling that had fallen out.  Fast forward a year and he's barely got a tooth left.  Dr. Runco butchered his mouth, grinding down both his top and bottom molar so that the crown would fit.  He went in for at least three crowns and the last one was glued to his gum and just fell off.  We've now got to pay a different dentist to undo the damage that Runco did and my husband may have to just lose his tooth. That being said, the hygienists are great and very knowledgeable.  But for real dentist issues, avoid at all costs.
1	Just one more horror story to add to the list! This guy is terrible. i did the groupon thing too, wort mistake ever. he told me i had 3 cavities, so i got them filled, after i did i was in so much pain and one was left super jagged. i called to get them to fix it before i went on vacation, but he was on vacation, so i went anywhere that would see me quickly, and that alone didn't come cheaply, i was told that there wasn't enough tooth for a filling, and that i needed a crown... and not only that, the guy didn't even fill in the entire cavity! so i had to go on my vacation with a never ending headache, and no ability to chew on that side. when i came back i went to another dentist who also told me, i should have gotten a root canal as well, and one of the other fillings he did, he did not fill in deeply enough, so it has to be removed, and redone. the root canal sucked, but since they took out that crappy filling he did, the headaches have stopped.so overall, he filled in 3 fillings, and i have to have 2 of them removed, and a lot more work done, a lot more money spent, and way more pain then anyone should go through. do yourself a favor, don't go to this guy.
