4	The sweet life of atmosphere, service and foodAtmosphere: Suite 88 complies to the year 2000 definition of trendy desert oasis; leather seating, polished floors, mahogany (coloured) tables.  Some serious time, effort, and money was spent on the decor - and this does not go by un-notice.  Both St. Denis and De Maisonneuve branches are equally elegant, with the De Maisonneuve place being slightly smaller / intimate.  The decor does just enough to convince you of it's high-status but not too much as to be over-bearing.  It can, though, be a place where people go to be seen (mostly women - of all ages)Service: The service at Suite 88 (De Maisonneuve) is friendly and knowledgeable, the latter being a surprisingly needed characteristics as there are plenty of facts about chocolate that one may not have had the opportunity to learn.Food: Although a little on the pricey side (in step with the rising affluence of that area of De Maisonneuve), Suite 88 provides a product that is worth returning for, if not often (think health!) maybe a little more than occasionally.  The gelato is a must, as well as their dark and milk chocolate creations.  Teas and hot-coco's are especially welcome, come winter time.Dangerously tempting.
5	Suite 88 in centre-ville is one of the sexiest, most romantic cafes/chocolateries i have ever visited...too bad it was w/my sister ^_^  a great place to sit and watch the world go by, and amazing hours--perfect for capping off a weeknight or starting a night out.   prices are what you would expect for a swanky chocolate lounge [#firstworldproblems] but they were giving out tons of samples of chocolate covered strawberries and blueberries in addition to several types of truffles, each with unobtrusive flavors like green tea, honey, and praline.  the artisan cayenne was in perfect balance, the hot chocolates were also very well done.  and i could order w/o resorting to my horrible franglais!  definitely worth a visit if you are a dessert lover~
5	Stopped in last night for something sweet and was simply amazed at all the beautiful chocolates! Some were works of art - gastronomically as well as artistically. Wow! We ended up having yummy gelato and just one chocolate each (I had a salted caramel and hubby had limoncello). We are planning a trip back tonight o pick up small gift boxes of these beauties or special fiends.
5	Chocolate & more chocolate... and you get 2 little freebies. I had the choco/coconut/lemon brownie which was heated and tasted just divine. Sadly, we came in at 8:30 PM on a week night,  and they close at 9, so it was s bit of a rush as opposed to sit, savour and enjoy.  A  pricey, guilty, pleasure.
4	3 things you need to know -1) I love their gelato when they get it right. They make a great strawberry and black pepper gelato, as well as a delicious citron. (Perfect for warm summer days!)2) The Belgian waffles are to die for, they're rich, soft, and you can choose the type of chocolate to douse it with. It's absolutely finger lickin' good and will hit any sugarholic's sweet tooth craving. The 4 stars I've given this place rides mostly on this!3) Suite 88 makes a great cup of hot chocolate, which you can also choose the type of chocolate for it to be made with. They have a large variety of chocolates, I've tried a few of them and they were all quite good... however, nothing beats their waffles and hot chocolate, especially on a cold winter's day!
5	Decadent desserts! Adorable shop with seating area with a cute fireplace.We were greeted at the counter with fresh warm chocolate.I had a small cup of gelato, raspberry and lemon with a freshly made hunk of chocolate stuck in the top. My friends had a huge decadent brownie gelato whipped cream thing! Pictures to follow!I hope I win the chocolate bunny contest!
5	Found this place after a nice dinner, it was the perfect place for dessert. Would recommend this to anyone who enjoys food.
5	It's wonderful to see this shop doing so well after all these years. We visited their new location after seeing the St. Denis shop closed the day before. It's our favorite place to visit every time we're in Montreal.
5	This is my go-to place when I need to bring a really nice gift to someone, and I know they will appreciate chocolate.  Honestly though, there are very few people who don't appreciate some good chocolate, so I find myself heading to Suite 88 more and more often (not that that is a bad thing!).  It all started a few summers ago when I needed a thank you gift for some family we were going to be visiting in another city.  I needed a gift that would travel well, including passing the "no liquids" rule because I was flying carry-on.  I remembered that the couple in question had mentioned they LOVED Juliette et Chocolate when they last visited Montreal, but I didn't have the time to make it to one of their locations on my lunch hour that day.  Enter Suite 88.  I had visited the St Denis location in the past for delicious brownies and hot chocolates, so I knew the chocolate was good.  And the downtown location was just a hop skip and a jump away from my workplace.  Excellent!  I settled on a box of 6 bars, choosing an assortment of dark, milk and white chocolate.  It was a success!  We were the talk of our family for the rest of our visit, as cousins dropped in to sample the delicious chocolate "from Montreal".  As an FYI, if you choose 6 bars, they will wrap them up in a little box, and then wrap up the box in a pretty bag.  My tip is to go in and browse the different types of bars (they are in a display case), and write down the ones you want.  It will take awhile, I'm warning you, because there are so many delicious sounding options!  Hand you list to a staff member and then a few minutes later your order will be all wrapped and pretty, and all you've got to do it pay for it.
5	The best artisan gelato I've ever tasted!During the summer lots of flavors to choose from; winter less but the hot chocolate & treats invite you in.The decor/vibe is retro chic and the ambiance is classy. A truly fun place to go for a tasty treat.First time I've seen/known of a chocolaterie conching their own chocolate.
3	The chocolates in here didn't seem inventive or the freshest. The whole place seemed to lack a personal touch and seemed too corporate. Everything looked a but old or stale and I wasn't compelled to try anything. Walked in and walked out.
5	Absolutely love this gem spot at the maisonneuve location. Their hot chocolate is perfect for anyone who wants a great and i Mean great hot chocolate with cinnamon  flavor and WITH fresh made whip cream. I also am a big fan of their chocolates, waffles with chocolate and chocolate frappes. I highly recommend having the white chocolate with the waffles. Its great and I myself being an open sugarholic will agree that the sweet taste of the melted chocolate with the soft waffles is a great snack-yum. With that being said, the atmosphere itself was very cool. Everything is nicely set and they have a great hospitable staff. I always bring friends here for a dose of chit chat over the drinks. Anyways will be coming here more often in winter. =)
4	Suite 88 has been my go-to for gifts, dessert and all things chocolaty since they opened a few years ago. First off, their brownies are to die for - you can get them as-is or ask the clerk to warm them up for you. Their hot chocolate is rich and smooth, and super chocolaty - a bit rich for my taste, so I would opt for their yummy Mocha instead. In addition to the above, they have coffee, waffles and gelato (which is quite tasty and refreshing on a hot day).In terms of chocolate... what can I say? I've never had anything I didn't like. My two favorites (for myself or as a gift) are the Mosaics, because they offer a lovely variety of flavors such as Limoncello, maple and caramel; their truffles boast such flavors as green tea and Grand Marnier. You can purchase individual pieces if you like, pick up a pre-made box or a chocolate bar - the selection is vast. I usually go for the box of Mosaics because it makes a fabulous gift. Sadly, the truffles cannot be purchased in a box but the perk here is that you can handpick your favorite flavors.  You can also find chocolate 'shooters' (with flavors like Hypnotic) and domes (with flavors like orange Valencia and ginger-litchi). No matter what you buy, you will love it!This location has a small lounge area where you can enjoy coffee and/or dessert, however they close around 11pm on weekends, so you have to get there early. Bonus: Check their Facebook page for special promos. Lastly, the service is OK but not great. I often find that the clerks are less than enthusiastic and smiles don't seem to come cheap.
3	Had some biscuits and hot cocoa. It's an idea place to people watch and take your time, as long as you find a spot. The people ahead of me were buying some items as gifts. I couldn't tell if there was more room, but it seemed like the only place you can hang were by the door. It's easy to spot when walking down the street.
4	The place smells of chocolate and full of it as well. Must I say anymore? Well, I guess so. Overall the products are delicious, and they have a nice selection of hot chocolate. Although, a little pricey.
4	I had the Chocolate Pecan Cake with Chocolate Gelato and it was a great dessert.  The cake was moist and chocolatey and the gelato was fresh-tasting.  This place is the perfect dessert place since they have everything: chocolates, cookies, cakes, hot chocolate and gelato.
4	Great for waffles and chocolate, also has a great selection of hot chocolates and gelato
4	So much chocolate goodness!!! Just coming into the place intoxicates you with the smell of melted chocolate. Been here more than once and the desserts, drinks and service are always on point, delicious and friendly.
4	The brownie I had here was very good, everything looked amazing, but pricy!
5	The hot chocolate is amazing. Try the one made with cream. Warning, it is very very rich.
5	A friend recommended this place and, as a chocolate lover, I had to try it for myself. I can honestly say the "Intense hot chocolate" was the BEST hot chocolate I've ever had. It definitely is intensely sweet, but so good. Get it with whipped cream on it!So, so, soooooooo good!
2	I can't understand how this place got so many good reviews, unless the people leaving the reviews have never been to Belgium or Switzerland!Service is very average not to say bad, the ladies weren't very nice I find.We tried pretty much everything and none of us was convinced about any item. It is expensive and not that great. I know I won't go back :(.
5	This place is amazing. We went here twice on during our 3-day trip to Montreal. I only wish it weren't 5 hours from my home.The first time we went I got two flavors of gelato, chili chocolate and vanilla caramel, while my husband got a salted caramel brownie. I was warned that the chili chocolate gelato was very spicy, which it was, but it was a very successful combination of spicy and chocolate. The vanilla caramel gelato was really good to cut the spice, and also went perfectly with the caramel brownie.The second time I got more gelato and my husband got the brownie again. Once again, everything was delicious. We also got some chocolates to take home with us, which all turned out to be pretty amazing.The sad part, though, was that on opening one of the boxes of chocolates, I discovered a coupon for a free gelato. If only it weren't so far away...
4	This place has something I've never eaten before: a cold-hot chocolate. The "cold intense" is heaven in a cup. Seriously mind-blowing if you're a fan of chocolate - the thickest, most decadent stuff you can sip on. Everyone has to have at least one sip of this stuff in a lifetime. You can get it cold in the summer and hot in the winter, and I cannot decide which one is better!!
4	They do have good quality chocolate, and yes they are expensive!We bought truffles @ CAD$9.90/100 gram (The translation to the non-metric: .22 lbs, almost 1/4 lbs for CAD$9.90)It was good, it was worth it and man it was painful to find out that I just spend almost CAD$60 for chocolate.I highly recommend this chocolatier and try to visit on fri, sat and sun. they have a chocolatier that makes specials for sample. When we were there, they made pistachio, cashew and walnut covered w/ dark chocolate, I believe it was 70% dark....It was super delicious.The downside, just be ready to drop some money if you love chocolate!
4	good quality chocolate but pretty expensive! don't bring a date here, you'll regret it..their shooter chocolate (the cone ones) is worth the price of admission. its the only item i tried as the bill does ran up quite fast.overall, its a good place to treat yourself or some friends
4	Amazing spot for a hot chocolate! They have so many variations such as cinnamon, orange, cardamom, vanilla etc... You could also chose whether you want milk, white or dark chocolate. They're all very rich and decadent, sometimes hard to finish the whole glass, but it is very delicious. They also have sweet treats such as waffles, truffles and CHOCOLATE SHOTS, to name a few. It's a great spot for a first date (this is where I came with my boyfriend of 3 years). It's a little small so I wouldn't suggest going with a big group of friends.
4	Chocolate nirvana! Delicious chocolates made in house. The kind of upscale chocolatier you'd expect in the heart of metropolitan Montreal. The interior was decorated in a modern style and had hip laid back atmosphere, not to mention it smelled amazing inside!  The staff was friendly and also spoke English quite well. We went right for the truffels, even though they were on the pricier side. A box of assorted truffels came to $25 CAN, but what's a weekend getaway without splurging on some sweets?! The chocolates themselves were delicious and so nicely packaged that we didn't want to open the box. Overall we had a lovely experience at Suite 88.
5	Just an absolutely amazing experience, from the time you step in to the store to the time you leave, friendly warm and definitely a sweet atmosphere.  Their chocolates and desserts are delicious, I highly recommend this place if your looking for a treat after a long day of shopping.
