3	Good food and prices are reasonable!
1	I will never order from there again. I called to find out what was on the hot and spicy chicken. The person who answered informed me that it was both hot and spicy but it was serves with broccoli, snow peas and onions. Once I got my entree it was neither hot nor spicy. On top of that, there was no broccoli. Too many onions, barely any snow peas AND a very small amount of chicken. Did I mention that I don't think the chicken was actually chicken? It was cut so thin and had no chicken flavor. The white rice that accompanied my dish was mushy and clumped together. I've made better rice boiling it. My mom had the Kung pao chicken and she was also dissatisfied with her meal. The crab Rangoon was ok... Fairly basic. I won't return there. I would prefer to give it a ZERO
4	Hubby has been eating here for years but since I only occasionally visit WI, he never convinced me to give this little dive a try. Now I'm sad about what i've been missing! Cannot understand how they do it for SO cheap - amazingly fresh, tasty, generous Chinese. Clean, open kitchen, very fast and large variety. Liked it so much that I got a lunch special to go for the bus ride over to O'Hare. They packed it up tight but remember to take napkins, condiments and utensils. I loved the shrimp with broccoli (also had carrots) and the shrimp were large and plentiful. Wonton soup (4 big dumplings) on a cold day was delish and included in the lunch special. Also got chicken egg foo yung which included large, well filled egg roll - also tasty, mustardy sauce OK (not as good as the brown sauce I'm used to). All lunch specials include roast pork fried rice which was good enough to buy on its own. Seems like a mom/pop place so support your local Chinese joint - down with PF/PW/PE.
3	We go here pretty regularly. The food is good, but by no means great. It is pretty divey looking (photos of food, etc) and they mess up our order abt 20% of the time, but still a good value for the price. General Tso's chicken is great. I asked for brown rice once and they gave us fried rice... to their credit, it was brown :)
4	I have ordered food from here on numerous occasions. It's always been good and reasonably priced. I wish they delivered. That is the only drawback.
4	The food is pretty good. The prices are great. They don't deliver but, the take out is fast - about 10 minutes. Sometimes it is hard to communicate with the employees but if you don't need a million things changed in your order you should be fine. I have always been happy with my food
