5	Very professional! The girls are great and they really provide an amazing service, you get exactly what you ask for! The nicest salon in Cave Creek, Carefree and North Scottsdale!They  are also open Mondays.
5	I've been getting my hair done here for 7 years, Rosie has done a phenomenal job and I get complements all the time. All the staff is fun and it's a relaxing salon to go to. Every person I've recommended the salon to loves the service and still goes to this day. And they're nail services are awesome too, they offer the best spa pedicure. I highly recommend this salon.
5	This is the salon to come to! It is so clean, the ladies are professional and so good at what they do. The hairdryers come down from the ceiling and their product smells so amazing from shampoo to leave in conditioner. I feel there leaving like a new woman!
5	Did exactly what I asked for and my hair turned out awesome. Salon was clean and adorable. Everyone was friendly. Price was much better than many salons Ive been to. Ill be back!
5	What a great find! I've been "on the go" for a couple years, and so have been having my hair and pedicures done "wherever". But now I will wait till I am in Cave Creek for these services because I had both by Kayla and she is truely exceptional in her field. My hair was a wreck and her cut/color made me feel perfect.  She took into consideration my lifestyle and technical ability as far as styling goes, and designed the cut so that I can get dressed by myself - ha! The salon is clean and professional and fun.  I felt neither rushed, nor did I have to wait. And their prices are very reasonable. I will be back and recommend Sonoma Spa to anyone who wants a great place to look and feel their best.
4	Went to Sonoran Beauty for a last minute highlight and style when my hairstylist canceled at the last minute. I went to Caley and she was awesome. Everyone at the salon was super sweet. My mom and baby were also there waiting for me and they were very accomodating to the 3 of us. Would definitely recommend!
5	I've been going to Sonoran Beauty Salon for many years.  I LOVE this place.  Rosie does an amazing job with my hair.  I love how she just knows what to do. My hair looks great everytime i get is done.  No one can do my hair like Rosie, she's the best.   Everyone at the salon is so friendly and nice, NOT  snobby like some places.  They also have amazing spa manicure and pedicures as well.    Can't wait to try their new facials they offer.  I've heard great things about them.  I would highly recommend this Salon.
5	Saw the great reviews on here and was in serious need of a root touch-up.  Nanette did a fantastic job! My hair looks better than ever, and she even gave me styling tips.  Everyone is friendly and fun, and the atmosphere is top notch.  Think I've found my new salon!
5	I first came in desperate to fix my ORANGE hair color disaster from another salon. Gaby totally fixed it - phew.  I went back today to have a touch-up color, bringing in a photo of what I want my hair to look like, and Gaby nailed it again - it's perfect.  I love it.  And I haven't said that about my hair in years.  Oh, and they're super fast, consult with each other to make sure it's the right shades, and I feel like they really try to understand what I'm looking for before any chemical touches my hair. Gaby's a professional, too - interrupting our conversation during the application to say, "Ok, quick hair update..." and tell me what she's going to do next.  LOVE THIS PLACE.
5	I needed a NEW DO so being new to  the area I used my reliable recommendations from YELP! Seeing the salon received 5 stars, I decided to try it...what the hell, it is just hair and it will grow back! They took me in early and Gaby and I looked at some Pics on my phone as I  Asked her advice...It came out exactly as we had planned and I left feeling completely satisfied. I will be back!
5	I decided to make my next trim and highlight appointment at Sonoran Beauty Salon because of it's proximity at home and it's great Yelps.I walked in and was greeted by a nice, smiling receptionist.  I had to wait for about 2 minutes for my stylist to come get me,  giving me time to scope out the place.  Very, very clean and organized.  Everyone---stylists and clients---were smiling and there was lots of soft-voiced chatter.  It was a great vibe.  I liked that the walls are light and the decor minimal.  (Why do some salons bury themselves in dark colors that reflect on your face and hair and make you look BAD?)  My stylist came to get me.  Gabby.  What a sweetie.  She spent a good ten minutes messing with my hair and determining how she was going to recreate/blend the new color.  She even consulted with another stylist.  I like that.  Take your time, talk with your co-workers.  Don't mess up my hair.  During the color and trim, Gabby was a pleasant conversationalist---not too chatty, light-hearted.  When I had to take a business phone call, she didn't get huffy.She gave me a great scalp massage when she rinsed my hair.  Ahhhhh!She did a great job trimming my hair---I wanted a trim, not a cut or style.  Perfect.I LOVE my color.  She actually brought in some bolder ribbons of light blonde.  I love that look.  I am not ready for the all-over matron-beige quite yet.So, I seldom award more than 3 stars.  Three stars=A-Okay.  4 stars is "Yay, I'm a fan."  Who the heck do you give five stars---"Woo-hooo---as good as it gets"?  But I thought about it:  Very clean-check.  Nice vibe?  Check.  Nice, talented  stylist?  Check?  Happy with color and trim?  Check.  I can't really find a reason not to give 5 stars---plus why mess up the roll they're on, y'know?  Plus, I will return because I really, really like my hair color.  So.....5 Stars!
5	LOVE this salon. The entire staff is super friendly & upbeat. I've never had my color last so long & look great from day one (no "growing" into it time). I used to dread going to get my hair done ~ not anymore!
4	UPDATE: used the online tools to place an appointment request. 1 week later I have yet to hear from any one at all. This is a big ding in my book. A convenience is only a convenience if it works. For those people who would say "just call instead" - the day I put in this request they were closed. ORIGINAL: Since this place has gotten such great reviews I decided to give this place a try. It was a really great experience from start to finish. They were super friendly when I called to schedule my appointment, friendly when I checked in and my stylist (Gaby)  was great. The prices were super reasonable, the vibe was casual chic, and I will definitely be back. About a week after my appointment I got a cute card in the mail thanking me for choosing them and then an email instructing me how to manage my account online (making appts). Sweet!! I loved the extra mile this place has gone to make its patrons feel special.
5	I needed a new colorist and stylist, after 4 years with my previous I needed a change. After checking reviews, I gave Sonoran Beauty a call. I was able to book an appointment with Caley. I'll be honest I'm very picky and I was very nervous, as my work calls for me speaking to hundreds of people in a seminar format. Caley did not disappoint, the salon is very well decorated and very inviting. I told Caley, I didn't want ash or yellow blonde and my hair came out amazing. Caley is wicked fast at foiling and base. My hair is literally like silk. I asked her to trim me up a bit and texturize and my cut has never looked better. Even my husband said it looked amazing. I can't say enough about Caley. Thank you Caley for making me perfect blonde again!
2	Honk!  What a difference of opinion from the reviews read before patronizing this salon.   No one wants to go into a salon and come out looking ten years older sporting a style that is tired and not becoming.  Not a fan of the product or the attitude; won't be returning.
3	I think this salon is expensive and should have 3 $$$ next to them, not just 2.  I went in for basic color & they charged a whooping extra $30.00 to shampoo & blow out my hair.  Wouldn't you think if you are getting color on your hair that shampooing the color out is included in the price?  Everyone was friendly when I arrived, but didn't get that same feeling upon leaving.  I hate it when hair salons, make-up counters, beauty stores, nail salons make you feel uncomfortable.  Aren't we the customer who is paying them for a service?  And......I just want to add that my hair WAS NOT left shiny, after she said she "was" going to put a gloss on it, only to find out she did not.  I asked why, and the gal at the front desk seemed totally unconcerned.  My hair faded out in 2 1/2 weeks.   They are overpriced, very nice when you enter and could care less when you are done & paid :(
