4	My home away from home?  Not quite, but one of my favorite places to ride the Harley to.  Not a traditional biker bar (steel horse saloon and Hardtailz are btoh very close) but they are biker friendly.This is a small place with a few pool tables, some pinball, and a decent jukebox.  I made it a regular spot because by my third visit, Andrea the bartender already knew my order.  I know the names of some locals, and everyone is laid back.  No attitude.No food here, but they order from the pizza place next door and bring your food over to the bar.If you like small occasionally loud dive bars, check it out. Oh, and I challenge you to beat my 67 million score on the Adams Family pinball machine!
5	I was staying at the hotel across the street and decided to go out with a friend. We were both on a budget and didn't want to waste money on a cab. The exterior is a little shady but once you get in, it's great. It's a typical hometown bar with some games, pool and an electronic jukebox. The owner was great and made us some amazing drinks including an incredible Pineapple Upside-Down Cake. For a laid-back night, definitely check out this place!
4	Decent dive bar; nice wait staff. Drinks are priced pretty good. They have some pool tables etc. It's easy to miss it in the complex, located next door to a pizza place.
4	Went in the other night and the bar owner was working... All I have to say is extremely rude.. She seemed to be upset about something. A person taking signs down said it was going under new ownership... She snapped at me she was the owner for f?#%% 17 years. Then proceeded to smoke behind the bar and talk about me with her back turned! Told another customer last call is when she says its last call.. Also that she was fucking closed. Well doors were open, Not sure what's going  on. Might go back and give another shot! First time I went in there was awesome!! 3 rd times a charm. :) we shall see!!  Four stars are for the first time I went in there!! The owner well she should understand she was rude. Beyond rude!!! Sorry for her situation but customers don't deserve to be treated that way... I'm a bartender and bar manager... So I do understand to a point.
