4	This Ben & Jerry's is in the same exact spot where the Marble Slab used to be. About 30 or so flavors of ice cream and frozen yogurt and sorbets with sprinkles, waffle cones, shakes and the usual stuff. I liked the Marble Slab formula a bit better with the mix-ins, but the B&J does seem to be a higher quality of ice cream. And they not only have the usual medium and large sizes, but also a "kids" size that gives you just enough to hit the spot without being completely gluttonous.There are tables outside, note that some of them are "reserved" for patrons of the restaurants also at the ground floor. Occasionally, there's a live band playing here.
2	I am serious about ice cream eating. It is in everyone's interest to not mess around with my cravings for smooth, cold, delicious ice cream.To my dismay, Ben & Jerry's on Woodlawn did not pull through for me. I ordered a Coffee Heath Bar shake and got a Vanilla Heath Bar shake with more milk than ice cream. It was uncomfortable to drink because my mind was on thick shake and instead I got chunky milk that wasn't frozen-cold. In addition, my husband ordered a fruit shake and the guy behind the counter asked another guy how to make it...and the other guy responded, "I don't know." My hope is that they train their employees better.I love Ben & Jerry's and I like the company's story. I refuse to go lower than two stars because usually the product is delicious, they support social and environmental causes, and they have creative names for their flavors.
3	It's a pretty good Ben n Jerry's tucked under Jason's Deli. Always find B&J's a little pricey so it is rare we stop by without a coupon of some sort. Lots of seating outside with plenty of rooms for kiddos to run around. Seating is for additional restaurants and bars in the shopping center so it's a mixture of patrons on the patio. Seems the past couple times I've been here the cones were sitting out a little long and kinda stale, but service is always fast and pleasant.
4	Delicious ice cream as usual, and the girl working was super super friendly. We just ordered two small cups of ice cream, so nothing fancy, but my choices were chocolaty delicious. i don't know why i let the marshmallow scare me off from getting Phish food all these years. According to the scooper, Phish food is a typical man's choice while my other selection was considered a popular choice of the ladies. Not sure what that says about me other than i like chocolate. To top off the visit, we got a coupon for BOGO on the next visit. Bonus.wife's thoughts...Milk and Cookies flavor was delicious. It had lots of cookie chunks, like full spoonfuls of chocolate chip cookie. She also liked the scooper because she was so generous with the samples, like she wanted us to try every flavor. Wife appreciated the lack of awkwardness that comes from asking to sample multiple flavors.
3	Stopped by Ben and Jerry's after dinner and drinks at Duckworth's.  I love, love, LOVE ice cream but I wasn't too thrilled about this visit.  I don't know if it was because I was already too full from dinner or what but my 2 ice cream selections just didn't do it for me.  I got a scoop of sweet cream and cookies and a scoop of the peanut butter chocolate.  The sweet cream and cookies had what were supposed to be chunks of cookies in it but the cookie pieces tasted more like soggy flavorless cake.  Plus the sweet cream ice cream didn't impress me.  I was hoping once I made it down to the second flavor my attitude would change but I wasn't feeling the peanut butter chocolate either.  The chocolate ice cream part was fine but the peanut butter was crunchy with little pieces of peanuts that had a weird texture.  Very unfortunate.On a positive note our server was extremely friendly.  She loves her job and she practically pushes ice cream samples at you.  The location of the store is good with lots of outdoor seating.I'm giving them 3 stars because I know they have ice cream flavors I enjoy.  I guess next time I should stick with my usual milk and cookies flavor.
5	Fantastic ice cream & amazing service!  The cleanest one in Charlotte HANDS DOWN.  The staff was super helpful & was willing to sample everything!  I loved the Chocolate Therapy!!!
4	Ice cream is great, BUT PLEASE remember, Ben and Jerry Corporate is a HUGE Obama supporter and campaign contributor. Put your money where your mouth is!
4	It's Ben and Jerry's!  As long as the store is ran good, you are going to have tasty Ice Cream.   The staff that night was friendly and helped me make my indecisive decisions.  Feeling like I needed to be healthy, I got some sorbet and it was delicious.!
