2	I brought my laptop in because the USB ports weren't working.  The guy at the counter said it would be 3-5 days for them to look at it and get back to me.  I, then, watched as they took my laptop, put it into a plastic container, and set it on a shelf next to a couple of other containers.  Then the guy proceeded to go sit down with a couple of other employees.  What I don't understand is that if you work there, aren't you supposed to be working on the computers and not sitting and chatting with your co-workers?  I also felt that they didn't really care if it was an emergency to me (which it was) or not.Follow-up:  called and asked about selling my laptop if the motherboard wasn't working.  The guy on the phone told me the only way to tell me was by bringing it into the store and looking at it.  I asked him to just be honest and he wouldn't help me over the phone....called the Spring Mountain store and IMMEDIATELY was told it wouldn't be worth it.  Apparently someone at the Centennial store needs a reality check in customer service...
3	I brought my old laptop in to see if I could sell it. I wish they had more locations, but overall relatively easy to find. No wait time at all when I came in. The rep did a quick examination of the computer and made me an offer that was actually close to what I was hoping to get for it. Very pleased!
1	My husband went in to trade in his computer for a laptop. The sales staff was rude and not helpful. Needless to say he went to one of the big box stores and got a laptop and very courteous help! Hmmm wonder if the bosses at Laptop ever send in secret shoppers?? Maybe they should!
4	My daughter forgot the charger to her laptop, which has become an extension of her body, when we left for a 4-day Vegas vacation.  Went to Laptop Xchange, since they were close by, and asked if they would do me the favor of charging the battery so she'd have something to do.  Shaun and the rest of the staff were very helpful.  He said it was no problem and within an hour, I had a fully charged battery.  I wanted to pay something for their efforts, but they said they were just happy to help.I definitely recommend them for service and resale.  Excellent attitude.
1	Dropped off my laptop to get fixed, got it back still broke. I was told it would" fix itself" . I told them I did not take it to a professional repair shop for it to" fix itself!" The girl was rude, arrogant and did not give a shit!! This place is a joke and the technicians are  unskilled.  I would not go back there if it was free .The location at 5765 centennial.
4	I needed an estimate on repairs for my computer, they were all very friendly and helpful.
1	Dropped off my wife's laptop and was told that I probably needed a new hard drive which I already knew. They quoted me a reasonable price and saservice would be ready in 5-7 business days. 8 business days later I get a call from them telling me that they confirmed I needed a new hard drive and wanted to know if I authorized service. I confirmed that I wanted the hard drive replaced and I was told it would be a couple of business days until it was ready.  Fast forward to 18 business days after dropping off the laptop and my wife calls to check the status of the repair. At this point she was told that the item was misplaced and repairs hadn't even been started yet.  She was very frustrated and asked that I call and speak to a manager and see if the issue could be expedited.  I spoke with the a manager and was told the laptop would be repaired asap and they would make it right. I was called the next day and informed that they would be upgrading our hard drive by a couple of gigs because they didn't have the correct one in stock and that the laptop would be ready the next day.  I arrived to pick up the laptop only to discover that their idea of making it right was to give me a $20 discount. I told them that I thought a $50 discount was more in line since they had my laptop for 20 business days.  I was told that the manager had only authorized the smaller discount and he couldn't do anything. I asked him to call his manager on the phone and the manager still wouldn't do any more than the twenty dollar discount. This was Extremely frustrating because they have a sign on their desk soliciting yelp, facebook, google and yellow page reviews in return for a $60 free service.  I shed the cashier to please give the manager my number and for him to please call me. That was over two weeks ago, I still haven't heard anything. I spent $230 on a repair that took two weeks longer than it should have. I do not recommend this company and will not be using them anytime in the future.
1	Called this store for a laptop charger with the part number and was told I would have to bring it in. Wtf the part # is not enough info to help me, its for an HP. I will not even waste my time with these people!!!
