5	Awesome!! We happened to find this place on it's opening day - today, and it was so worth the drive (we're from North Vegas). We were there for lunch. The food was excellent and plentiful, the restaurant clean and beautiful, the service - well, they're still learning, but they're very courteous. I bet they'll get the hang of it (waiting on guests) within a week.As of today, they were cash only - probably waiting for the credit card machine, so my husband and I were on a small budget. We decided to share an entree, and thank goodness we did. Our appetizer, the meatball wraps, was huge! I thought we were just getting two wraps, but instead we got a plate of the paper to wrap them and a huge plate with the meatballs, noodles, and a huge stack of greens, including fresh herbs (cilantro, thai mint? and something else). Our entree was equally fresh - BBQ pork with rice, spring rolls on a bed of fresh greens and other veggies. Everything tasted so wonderful! We also tried some exotic, though non-alcoholic drinks; one made with something lychee-like and one smoothy type drink. Both were great. All of this for a total of $19 + change.We plan on coming back as often as possible. :)
5	Fresh Fresh Fresh ingrdients have brought me back again and again..this place just opened and I have been here three times in 1 week. This is great food.Really love the BBQ Pork with rice noodles, and the fresh coconut juice.Yumyumyum.
4	I've been eyeing this place for a couple weeks each time I stop by the Greenland Supermarket.  I decided to give it try today.  The dining room is sparsely decorated, pretty clean, probably nothing that would deviate from what you'd expect from any other typical pho joint.  One thing I noticed is that booths are really wide (just in case you're a really wide person).  My 190lb frame was swimming in the space between the backrest and the edge of the table. Anyway...I was quickly seated and handed a menu.  I looked it over, decided on what I wanted, then closed it and placed it on the table.  It was a few minutes later that service came over and took my order:  A large "special" pho (#11), spring rolls and an regular iced tea.  This order, I figured, would give me a baseline on which to judge the experience.Withing a few minutes the spring rolls and my iced tea (like a strong lipton green) came out.  The rolls were served with a peanut sauce nicely garnished with grated carrot and (radish?).  Standard fair here, I think... the pork inside the roll was a prominent flavor over any shrimp that were present.  The greens were fresh and the peanut sauce was good.At this point, I started noticing the small array of condiments on the table:  A big bottle of sriracha, a bottle of Lee Kum Kee Hoisin sauce, a 2/3-empty dish of ground chili paste, two types of red/rose-colored vinegar, and soy sauce.  The fact that I was noticing what was on the table was because my pho wasn't there yet...   Actually, I was starting to think that it was forgotten about.  It was probably close to 10 minutes until it came out.  That's a long ass time, compared to the other pho shops I'm used to going to where it's in front of you within a couple minutes of ordering it.The fresh condiment plate:  I've seen nicer basil, leaves were kind of bruised and wilted looking, probably came from near the bottom of the basket.  Thai cilantro, a lump of bean sprouts, sliced pepper and a wedge of lime all looked fine.The pho:  The broth was on the sweet side, very fragrant, clear as can be, not oily at all and nearly still simmering.  Meat lovers, this is your place!  I'm guessing there was close to a full pound of protein my bowl.  A nice chunk of tendon, a couple bites of tripe...  there was probably eight slices of rare steak, and a good portion of brisket and fatty flank. Oh and there was a meatball in there too. I went in there fairly hungry, but I couldn't finish it all.  Personally I would have liked a better balance between noodles and beef, but I surely appreciated their generosity.  Other than the delay in getting the pho to me, service was very attentive.  I was asked twice how my meal was going, iced tea refilled regularly, and hot chili oil provided promptly upon my asking.  I noticed that the service was also very kind and helpful to some other people who were less familiar with Viet menus.  That's always nice to see.When the check came it was just over $10!  I had forgotten that there was a sign out front offering 10% off for their grand opening.  They do accept credit/debit cards which is nice.Overall I gotta give this place a strong review, if not four-stars, than a -very- solid three 1/2.  There are some details that need some attention, but I surely appreciate the quality-to-value ratio and the friendly service.  I hope this new place does well at that location.  Give it a try.
3	Technically I would give this place a 3.5. I went for lunch one day and with that said it was good. The thai iced tea was not overly sweet which was a nice change. We ordered two appetizers the Banh Xeo and the Chao Tom Cuon. The Banh Xeo was made perfectly with shrimp and pork which was not too salty. The Chao Tom Cuon was my favorite....who can resist some rice noodles with shrimp cakes? I ordered the Pho Tai and I was not all that impressed and maybe it was the fact that I was full from stuffing my face with the appetizers, but I felt it lacked flavor. I would definitely eat here again though. The only criticism that I have is that the food all came out so quickly there was no room on our table. I had to put the "Pho Condiments" on the bench next to me. It was like they were rushing to have us eat and leave. However, I felt they redeemed themselves after they gave my aunt a to go cup filled with the Vietnamese bean drink. She said she always gets one when she goes there. I guess it's nice that they do remember her. I think overall, this place was good and it beats driving down Spring Mountain with all the crazy Asian drivers.
1	I also stopped in here Sunday after everyone seemed to be liking this place so much.  They were raving about the cleanliness of the place.  Agreed.  They are also commenting on the great service, nice staff, and 10% off the check.  Check, check and check!  Freshness of ingredients.  Great!However, I would really have to disagree on the flavor of food.1.  Pho Tai - The KEY thing about pho is the soup, and it broth was not beefy at all.  What's pho without the beef flavor?  Maybe that's why the soup was so clear?  No traces of essence of the beef bones inherent to a bombastic bowl of Pho.  As for the noodles, they are the standard rice noodle.  I'm not sure you can go wrong there, but they seemed to like to under cook it just a tad.  Preference there, so all good to me.  The slices of beef were sliced a little thicker as compared to pho kim long, pho so 1 and pho saigon 8.  Again, I guess that part is all preference.  Visually, It also looked different from the usual restaurant bowl of pho - it did not have finely chopped cilantro and green onions.  Instead, it has long strips of green onion, so the soup lacked the fragrant smell combination of cilantro and beef.2.  Cha Gio (Egg rolls) - The egg rolls seemed to be deep fried in old oil as indicated by the overly brown egg roll skin.  Also, I think the filling was missing a few ingredients that made it lack in texture and added another interesting one, taro.  Is is the missing jicama?  Lack of cloud ear fungus (yes, digusting sounding but usually part of egg roll filling) or vermicelli?  and where's the shrimp?  Luckily, when wrapped with the fresh veggies and doused in plenty of nouc cham, it was edible.3.  Cafe Sua Da - Vietnamese iced coffee, my crack coffee.  Usually can't screw that up, and it was good.Conclusion:  I really really want to give this place a high number of stars because of the great service and clean environment, but I have to give it a low rating because of the low quality of the food.  I would like to give it another chance because I really liked the staff and service.  Perhaps, this place is a like a Bamboo Bistro where you do NOT go for the pho but the other dishes?
4	I was so hungry today I was shaking but needed to be home so I went in to grab takeout. I got the #35 which is a broken rice plate with marinated pork slices, baked egg and shredded pork. I rushed off into Greenland while my order was being cooked and I came back fairly quickly and was surprised my meal was done up already. Two people, who I presume are the owners, told me they didn't have shredded pork so apologized and told me that they put more sliced pork...and the gave me a Sprite can. I thought they were pleasant and that was cute they gave me a drink. When I got home I destroyed my food. Sure I was hungry, but I ate fast because it was good. The pork had a nice balance of flavors and was super juicy and soft. The egg bake was yum. Their fish sauce was a bit more vinegary than some other places, but that works really well for the meats. If it was good lukewarm then for sure it will be delicious fresh and hot at the restaurant. It was a great portion and it was $7.51 including the tax...it's a good deal. I will be back for sure! I'm always at Greenland and very glad I stopped in for some food today.
3	So I went here for brunch with my fam before heading back home to Orange County.  The location is like past the little Las Vegas Chinatown area on the same street.  Plenty of parking since it's in a huge sort of shopping center I guess.  It's located at the very end of it.  What I found was hilarious was that it had a "Drive Thru Pick Up" sign on the side of the building because I don't think it actually has a drive thru.Anyways, the place is clean and they have pretty high tech equipment for a pho place.  I've never seen a pho place with touch screen computers to place orders, but hey, that's just me.I forget what number it was on the menu, but I ordered  vermicelli noodles, egg rolls, bbq beef, cucumber slices and shredded lettuce, and all that yummy side accessories that comes with most Vietnamese meals with a nice cup of freshly squeezed (so they said) orange juice.  Haha, I had no complaints about it.  It was good and I was starving from drinking all night on an empty stomach.  It came in a huge bowl and it was very filling and gave me enough energy to drive home.  *edit* - The Vietnamese name for the meal I got is called bun thit nuong cha gioFrom what the rest of my family said, they enjoyed their meals for the most part; well three of my cousins didn't because their meals weren't served the way they wanted it.  They ordered the same thing, with certain specifications to their meals, but the server didn't get it right so they just dealt with what they got.  The thing I hated about this place was the service was TERRIBLE!  One of my cousins didn't get his meal til almost the very end!  When the guy (who wasn't the one who actually took our orders) came out with a bowl of pho, we asked what it was because we weren't sure what it was; he looked down at it and gave us a shrug and said, "Uh...I don't know."  Funny reaction, but not really the response we were looking for.  But yea, when it came time to getting our meals, some of us had to wait a while.Overall, yea, I guess it was a pretty decent place.  It wouldn't be first on my list because of the service, but the food is pretty good to just deal with the service.
3	Love love their beef watercress salad (#9). Their pho is very good too.  Although the food came out very slowly the last two times I went there around 430pm and I was the only customer.  It took 25mins for my pho to come out.  The lady there was very nice.  One thing I'm not a big fan of is that there's a very strong smell (not just the usual pho smell) when you step into the place.  Their service is also very slow and unattentive.  The best server there is the mexican guy.  I order the same things everytime, pho without tripe but there's tripe in there every single time and one time tendon was missing.  I don't really mind it though.  So if u don't care about the service much and you are not in a hurry this place is not bad.
4	I am no pho expert, but this place rocks!  I decided to try it after seeing Cindy D.'s review (I need to try Matt's spots though).  I've only had pho a couple of times in my life, so I don't have a lot to compare it to, but I think Pho Village does a great job.I ordered the shrimp wraps with chicken, which was a HUGE appetizer.  I had no idea it was going to be so large, or I wouldn't have ordered it (admittedly, it filled me up too much for me to fully enjoy my pho).  The waiter explained how to eat it; he must have read the blank stare on my face when he brought me a plate of dry shrimp wraps, and a huge plate of veggies, chicken, and noodles, and a hot bowl of water.  After he explained how all of this worked, I thoroughly enjoyed my appetizer!  It was slightly sweet, with fresh veggies and meat.  Very yummy (this is a #5 on the menu).  For my pho I ordered the #27.  I believe it was the 'special combination' something something (sorry for the lack of detail!).  It had pork, two small shrimps, a piece of imitation crab, a couple of pieces of squid, and fish balls.  It said that it came with egg, but I didn't notice any egg in mine.  I added a little bit of hot chili sauce, and enjoyed about half of my pho before being conquered by a full belly.  Again, all fresh ingredients, and tasty broth.  The waiter gave me a free little cup of tapioca/taro/coconut milk dessert.  I loved it, but I was just too full to eat it!  Next time I go, I will forgo the appetizer.  It was just too much!
4	Our fellow yelpers have been raving about Pho Village in the Korean Plaza marketplace and we decided to give this place a go! First thing to notice is the matching furniture creates a nice zen-like environment right off the bat.  It looks like they spent a few more dollars on the furniture.  They also have an open kitchen atmosphere, so you can actually take a peak of how things are being made.  This is a good sign to me since a restaurant who is willing to show off their kitchen must be confident of it!Started off with #4. Cha Gio " 4 Vietnamese fried eggrolls" ($5.50).  I like restaurants that give you the greens so you can wrap your eggroll up.  Plenty of lettuce, mint, and the other stuff to make it quite complete.  It did take awhile to come out, I barely had a chance to wrap one up when our main entrees arrived.  The Husband said he could see that they were pan-frying it, which could explain why it took longer.  As a result though, it stayed hot longer since I had put the egg roll down to work on my pho and it was still quite hot when I got around to it.I went for the standard #11. Pho Dac Biet "Special combo with rare slices of steak, well done brisket, flank, tendon, tripe and beef balls with rice noodle. " (Small $5.95) The Husband said the broth tasted more 'perfumey' than other places.  I just noticed that I only got one piece of beef ball in my soup.The Husband wanted his staple - #28. Hu Tieu Hoac Mi Bo Kho "Beef stew with egg noodle" ($6.50) but they were out of it that evening.  He settled on #32. Com Ga Hai Nam "Hai Nam style chicken served with seasonal rice" ($7.50), which is something I usually get.  First off, it definitely looked (and tasted) a lot better than Pho Little Saigon's and Pho Thanh Huong Restaurant's versions.  They give you a lot of rice with this dish, perhaps too much since you end up eating it all. It was decent, but I've had better.  (Then again, it's always hard to compare this dish when you've had it homemade!  But I'll keep looking nonetheless.)Overall, Pho Village was a good experience overall.  The real test will be when the Husband gets to test out their version of the beef stew though! 3.5 stars.
