4	The most esthetically pleasing tacos with a delicious list of cocktails. Perhaps a bit overpriced, but hey, a girl's got to treat herself once in a while.
3	I'm a lover of Mexican food and always interested in supporting local businesses (plus I have a friend who works there and encouraged me to to check it out) so I was happy to discover Mais a few weeks back. I found it to be a cozy, bustling joint where it was easy to people-watch since most of the young crowd were seated at long picnic-like tables. I thought the tacos were artfully plated and had a few little twists. The ricotta-squash sounded the most interesting, but I personally found it bland and too rich. The Carnita was the winner for me - tender meat with crispy pork rind and salsa verde - and delicious paired with a Tecate. My vegetarian compadre seemed happy with her marguerita even though it was in a smurf-sized glass and she declared the fish taco trumped the mushroom/squash. There are vegetarian options yes...but I found them to be the weakest links on the menu. A spicy bean/smoked tofu would certainly make a nice addition...There was little room for dessert (at only three tacos each and beverages we were stuffed) but we shared a home made chocolate bar (a dense, chocolate cookie bar). I liked the concept but the actual dessert left something to be desired. If it had been moister or glazed with a cinnamon-chocolate ganache it might have stood out. As it stood - it sat. Yes, Mais is currently a hot spot. No, it's not your authentic Texan taco feast at $1.25 apiece with a variety of amazing salsas, fresh cilantro etc. BUT that being said it was a night well spent. I'd return for a drink and a snack but probably not for a full dinner.
5	Delicious and suber tasty tacos! I had the fish, the pulled pork and squash taco and all were fab!
1	This Place sucks! Terrible service from novice hipster waiters. It took an hour to get a few tacos and it cost around $50/person for what should've been a $10 meal. Wanted to Love it but ended up hating it!
5	Checking the reviews before eating here you will realise that they are as polarising as they get. In the negative ones I read  "hipster chefs", "expensive", "small portions", "unfriendly waiters" etc.! For the "unfriendly service" I can only talk about my own experience and I found extremely friendly waiters, as a matter of fact they even offered us our third margarita (very good once btw) for free since the guy at the bar did one too many. But even without freebies they were very cool!As for the food, if you find it too expensive, portions too small or dare to call the chefs hipsters you clearly don't get it, don't recognise good food if it jumps you in the face and should get the hell out of there and buy yourself a Poutine!!The food is so well thought through! Every dish we took was a surprising experience in itself, very skillfully executed and rich in taste!Properly my favorite dish was the grilled calamari salad with orange, almonds, onion confit and a little sprinkle of chili (of course)! The calamari had a wonderful smokey roasted flavor, were incredibly tender and combined with the rest of the ingredients it came together amazingly well in our mouth!As of the tacos I was really impressed with the carnitas and how a simple coleslaw on top helped to bring magic into this taco!And hey, they even do deserts well! The chocolate bar flavored with 5 spices, various sorts of chilies and sprinkled with fleur de sel rounded up this great dinner experience which was accompanied by a friendly service and young passionate and easy to talk to chefs and only added up to a bill of 55$ for two drinks incl.! This experience taught me once again to take online reviews with a pinch of salt!
4	Great arctic char tacos, but one was enough. Huge portion of beef, and it's quality, in the beef taco. and it's all super affordable. Needs more chili peppers, though.
2	I guess I'm the odd one out for not liking this place but here goes!I wanted to introduce my friend to l'atelier and when we got there it was reserved for an office party. While trying to figure out plan b the manager came out to see us and recommended a few places and have rave reviews to mais.We walked in, the place was cute the layout was nice and the moustached staff was very friendly. They make their own tonic so my gin tonic was absolutely delicious! My friend had the tequila Bloody Caesar and couldn't even finish it, it was just awkward.We got the calamari and the chicken wings for starters: the salad was fine nothing special, a bit stingy with the calamari (cooked pretty well) the chicken wings were so strange. Think of the full Wing doused in tomato sauce and sriracha. The tacos were insanely disappointing. The pork belly one was not cooked right, it was thick cut and just laid there like a big lump of fat.The braised pork taco was soooo salty I couldn't get over it.  Our bill for the meager and barely edible offerings including 2 drinks was 65$$$$Again friendly service, barely edible food, high high prices! Good luck with this one!
4	I drove into Montreal from Brooklyn around 8pm and I was starving. Luckily my friend lives a couple of blocks from this place. It was recommended to us by one of her friends. I'm glad we went and was pleasantly surprised!The decor is great. There is a lot of communal sharing tables or tables for two or a seat at the bar. It just felt cozy in there. The waitstaff is super awesome too. At first glance they're mostly stylish men of the hipster variety. However compared to Billyburg, they're clean (no greasy out of control beards/hair) and super friendly. I loved our waiter! He was really funny too.Now the food. I wanted one of everything on the menu, however I only could get two things since it's a cash only place. I opted for a black bean taco with a side of guacamole. Perfect. My friend and I also split the wings. I love spicy food and theses had some kinda of habanero kick. I would definitely get them again, but your sinuses will be open by the time you eat them. I chased it all down with a Dos Equis.On a side note, I tried my friend's Hibiscus Soda and that was quite tasty for the non-alcoholic beverage.The only thing I would like to see is an order of guac and chips. Other than that keep up the great work and I'll definitely be back (hopefully before I leave town).
3	The calamari was fantastic. The tacos were nice but there are better ones around. Our server was very funny and definitely enhanced the experience. Worth checking out.
4	Very cute set-up, cozy tables and bar seats (unless you're the unlucky tables in the corridor to the bathroom). The food is amazing. A little bit overpriced I felt, but still very enjoyable!! We found it was a bit of a wait until we got our tacos but they eere simply amazing, especially the fish one. Try to save some room for desert - loved the chili chocolate bar and the popsicles looked grest, too. I would definitely go back, probably with a bunch of people as it seems to be a nice spots for a group to share a long table! - Cash only but ATM in the back- No reservation but they took our cell phone number and called us when the table was ready. So we went for a beer at the Waverly across the street!
2	Not that impressed with this place. The ambience, decor and service is by far better than the food.I went there with a group of friends so we ordered one of everything on the menu. My favourite taco was the one with the cheese filled zucchini flower. My least favourite was the black bean paste taco. I love bean paste normally but the texture and taste of this one left me underwhelmed. Their calamari/squid/ceviche style salad is extremely good (and spicy)! Apart from that nothing else really stood out. We ate everything because we were all really hungry but after we left we couldn't think of any particular reason to go back. I want to experience tacos that will leave me craving them all day, every day! lol Despite my low score their communal tables and friendly service deserve a visit. I will definitely give them another chance if they update their menu.
4	always updating their menu with seasonal and local stuff. delicious and surprising twists on the classics along with some great creative house inspirations. lovely service, great drinks too. perfect for a casual date or for a hangout with a small group. they don't take reservations though, so get there early or be prepared to wait. (but they will take your number and call when your table is ready so you can slip down the street to a bar while you wait, so it's never uncomfortable)
4	Okay, what is the deal with the extremely misleading reviews for this place? Crazy.Firstly, this place is not expensive for what it offers. It's a really fun, nicely decorated place with a nice vibe you can spend a couple hours hanging out in. Tacos are $3-4 each, and margaritas, which are amazing and strong, are $7.50. For a stylish dinner place, that's still understated and nice, that is not expensive. I went here last night and had 3 margaritas and 3 tacos for under $40, and spent 2hrs and had a great time. There are hundreds of other places in Montreal that are way more expensive for a much shittier place.I booked for 4 people at 8:30pm on a Friday night, last night. We got there about 8:45pm, and had to still wait for about 5min because the place was packed. That's fine, we didn't mind. The place is dark and nicely decorated and understated. It has a really cool vibe. And then you sit on long benches. Which is really cool too, I don't know what people are complaining about? It's not like people are on your lap, just next to you. This place is not marketed as exquisite fine dining with table service either, so what's the issue folks?Then we got menus. This is definitely a place that gives equal importance to drinks as it does food. There's a huge list of cocktails, and just a handful of food items. Some starters, some basic salads, and tacos.We all ordered margaritas and a series of tacos: beets, carnitas, chicken, fish. Everything was really damn tasty and good. Such fresh ingredients, and the margaritas were really good and strong too. It takes about 2-3 tacos to feel just right. We ordered them over the span on 2hrs and had a really nice time.Most ppl seemed friendly too. There was however one waitress at first who seemed like she hated herself and her job, and was trying to make it unpleasant for us, but once we noticed, we just ordered from the other more energetic young waitress who seemed to have more invested in the place, and all was great.Highly recommended. At about $20-$40 per person, depending on how much you eat/drink, you can go here and have a really nice time. Eating and drinking, casually, but still in an atmosphere that makes you feel that you are having a night out.
5	Super good and not expensive at all! Sitting at the bar is also fun as you can see them making everything! Plus, our waiter offered my boyfriend and I a tequila shot after our meal! Really cool :)
2	Okay.. now I get it.. I am going to have to unfortunately update my review, changing this place from one of my potential favorites in Montreal, to one of the most dissapointing.. It turns out the one "bad" waitress from last time, was more of a taster of the norm than the other nicer server I managed to find that night.My sister was visiting town last night, and previously when I went to Mais, I thought she'd love it, like me and my wife do, so I reserved to come here with her.  But from the second we arrived, though, even having reservations, we were just met with severe negativity and dismissive "service".. Almost every single thing, from "Where is the bathroom?" to "Any other nice cocktails to have with food here other than margaritas?" was met with serious disdain. The staffer would stop blank faced, kind of annoyed, mumble something dismissively, and walk off. And we were never sure if he heard or what or what.. And that's if they would answer. A couple times he just lifted his eyebrows in a "whatever," way, no words, and then we'd sit and wait confused and maybe something would show up. It was hit or miss what showed up. About 2/3 of what we ordered.But then later ordering our food (about an hour into our night), mid sentence from my sister, the guy just pulled away and walked off to the kitchen, we looked at each other confused wondering what just happened, I thought maybe something urgent he forgot.. but then he strolled out, leaned on the bar and joked with another girl server for like 2-3min at the bar, eventually I made eye contact with him gesturing with my hand like "what's going on?", he storms back over looking really annoyed now, so when I reminded him of our taco order, and if my sister could finish ordering her food he said something along the lines of, "Obviously, or what you wanna make it yourself...?" followed by some nondescript slur under his breathe. He tried to cover it up with a smile, but my sister was furious now about to stand up and lose it on this guy. If I wasn't such a patient person in service situations [I worked as a waiter many times in my life], I wouldve thrown fuel, but I just tried to ignore and gestured for her to not, but thought to myself, "I'm never coming back here," and finished our order. My sister wanted to walk out right then and there, but I said give it a chance still. But the guy then proceeded to smugly slam everything down on the table from then onwards.There was a very strange inferiority complex stemming from the wait staffers, anything we ordered was sort of met with this weird power struggle spite. There was definitely something going on, it wasn't a normal experience. But impossible to take in stride. Maybe the management/staff were in some kind of internal dispute or something, I dunno, we started to speculate, but that's not my job/role as a customer. Now. All that said, again, I must note that when the food came, all the tacos: fish, carnitas, others, & drinks were excellent. Really yummy, fresh & well priced. Kitchen/bartenders have got it down. But the wait staff made me feel like complete shit constantly, all of us. And by this point it was really kind of miserable, especially because I knew the bill was going to be well over $100 (I really wanted to have a great night with my sister/pay for all of us).Anyhow, eventually I asked the staffer what was wrong, or if we had done something, to which the guy smiled and exclaimed "Nothing at all man, why?!" very joyfully/off-guard. But then it just continued, so I think he was being sardonic in retrospect. Anyway, we figured maybe it was just the one guy (last time I had a hit/miss thing with the staffers too), maybe having a bad night, so I asked another wait girl, and weirdly she did almost the exact same!. Just the same angry face, disdainful treatment, an entirely "fuck you customer" experience. It was really disheartening. Just a two hour painful "hospitality" nightmare.When it came to the end, whatever "it" was, I asked for the bill. I left 0 tip. First time ever in my whole life. But it was the only way I knew how to express my anger without lowering myself to what they were doing. But sadly, I felt I was still well over a $100 short, and really really upset by the loss of money and horrible experience. Obviously the staff didn't say anything, because it was obvious how out of line their "service" was. I can never ever return here now. Even if I wanted to, the staffers have made it ethically impossible for me. And that is a real shame, because I loved it before. Bad service is one thing, but paying ppl to treat you like shit (especially as a high paying return customer with reservations) is just completely out of line (regardless of previous experiences). And it wasn't a busy night. The onus is totally on management to realize that they have ppl working for them that are actively destroying what should easily be a fantastic place.
4	This place isn't bad. The tacos are a bit on the pricier side ($3 and up), as are their drinks (a bit tiny), but both taste rather great! The fish taco is simply delicious, and while we ordered a few carnitas tacos, it was a bit inconsistent (ok the first time and dry and bland after). They have community tables but these can bd reserved. The service, however, is a bit slow, and it is quite dark inside, but worth checking out.
2	My girlfriend & I enjoyed the tacos, but the attitude in this joint just plain stinks. Our bartender Dan was cool, but he was the exception to the hostess, who certainly seems to believe the world spins on her axis. It was 6:15, the place was empty but we were sat at the bar, with only 4 spots to choose from. We were told we had until 8 before they'd change over to the next reservation. No problem, I'd mentioned we'd only need about an hour, already. Just as I was about to tuck into my plate, she reached across and over my plate to grab the interac machine. When we left at 7:45, most of the tables remained empty. She was happy to greet her friends with big hugs and smiles, while new customers just didn't seem worthwhile. Another Mile End spot that started out well but has taken the hype way too much to heart.Hipster heaven, especially when it comes to smug.
2	Absolutely generic and disappointing food, all dressed up with nowhere to go.  Bland, overpriced, and sometimes  just bad or odd combinations (trout in a fish taco was rank). The 'Ceviche' they serve was completely unrelated to ceviche, just a few raw slices of fish that weren't even marinated in anything, and some corn to make it 'Mexican'.. Overpriced joke.Seems like the restaurant was just cashing in on the upscale Mexican trend without any of the chefs or owners having ever visited Mexico.  A taco at even the most basic taco truck in NYC or elsewhere is filled with way more pop and flavour than anything found here. Wait staff was clueless when we arrived, seating us first at the bar, then at the back, then back at the bar, then made us move three seats over even though during out whole meal the place was virtually empty. Very odd. Bartender was very nice, and the only reason I don't give this place one star.
2	Dark with really cool people crammed into a tight space eating bland overpriced food. Bland except for all the salt they put in their food. The drinks aren't bad but it takes a really bad bartender to mess up cocktails.
4	I went with a gang this week and had great service and quite delicious eats. Our waitress was funny and patient and helpful in figuring out how much food to order. We went with the sharing portions and I think this is a really affordable way to go. Lots of pork or chicken and awesome fresh tortillas and all the toppings. If you shared one of these (around $30 for enough meat for 8-12 tacos) between two people and had a couple drinks you'd have a really sweet night out in a sexy, intimate, comfortable room. The fish tacos were extra tasty, but unavailable in the group format when we were there, plenty worth ordering one by one though.
2	It was my first time there and honestly i was really disappointed. I tried the carnitas and they not even looked like real mexican carnitas, the chorizo was ok but whats really bad is the service OMG i asked for a second beer three times and it never came, the hostess and the waitress were extremely rude.    That was the first and last time in Mais
