1	Apparently they are doing a pre grand opening event by invitation only... My response is WTF WHAT KIND OF FAST FOOD JOINT DOES THAT???!!! we were turned away at the door. They just lost customers, we won't be back.
5	Went there on grand opening day at 6:00 pm and was busy as can be and it only got worst by 6:30 pm with the parking lot and drive thru in gridlock. Chicken stripes as fresh as can be. We shared the Caniac Combo, substituted the slaw and got extra french fries. The chicken is always consistent, fresh white meat. I am a dark meat person would love for Raising Canes to offer dark chicken meat sometime in the future,  but their white meat is juicy and not dry.The biggest tip is you have to get their lemonade which is awesome! The strangest tip would be if you are an ice chewer,  they have the best ice with their drinks. The ice is perfect for chewing since it is soft and will not break all your teeth.The service is quick and the people are very helpful and make you feel welcome. Glad this location opened up by our house and will be coming here many more times.
3	Approximately 130pm Sunday.  Reminded me of an In-N-Out drive through.  Parking was packed.  Standing room only on entry.  Service was good.  Got a seat with the fam.  Was checked on 2x by server.  Food was just ok.  1/2 of crowd was gone 1/2 way through meal.    I'm giving them an extra star for supporting ASU and service when busy.  Went back again - service nothing like last visit - its fast food (what do you expect) after about 1.5 of the strips its down hill from there for me on flavor.  I just don't get it.  Its ok, not a fan.  One of my daughters likes it.
5	I only ordered the chicken. It was excellent, juicy without a hint of oiliness or greasiness, crispy outside, tender inside without being "mushy."  Sauces and fries lend themselves more to personal tastes, so even though I sneaked some off my wife's plate, I won't comment on them but I believe pretty much anyone who had the chicken I had would give it the highest marks. You order at the counter and they bring it to your table. Price was $1.09 per piece and in my opinion worth it.
1	Disappointing. I really wanted to like this place because our teenagers love it.  It was lunch time and it was handy.  It was sooo busy and I just knew it would be great.  It was barely so-so.  Yes, really. Not so much.  KFC has much better flavor.  Hard to believe. The sauce is not that great and like others have mentioned the fries were worse than frozen from my oven.  Don't waste your money or time.
5	3 fingers combo with Texas toast- hot off the fryer and tasted greatSandwich with fries- fresh and tasted greatSweet tea- greatCrew- efficient and friendly
3	Im reviewing a fast food place and I feel shame, deep deep shame.  Not really but after my experience I wanted to give my take on it.  For one its not a bad looking place and I consider myself a chicken finger aficionado so I was excited when I heard about this place.  Its a chicken finger joint.  That is all anyone should remotely expect walking in.  This isn't Mastros.   The fries were ok, not as bad as others here have been saying.  Good-no, Bad-no.  The "Texas Toast" is bread with the barest semblance of a grill mark on ONE side and the star of the show, the chicken fingers are not bad.  Again not good not bad, but very slim and tiny for what I expected from a chicken finger place.   It also is several levels above KFC or Churchs which I haven't been able to eat in years.  It fulfilled my needs though and for that it gets 2 and half stars.  The extra bit is for the young manager who is the only reason I felt the need to write this review in the first place.  He was informing his employees to clean some tables and how to do it, much to the annoyance of the employee who loudly complained about having to do work.  So kudos on you my young manager friend, this extra half star is for you.
5	Love this place! This is a new location that is in a perfect place for me by the mall. The people are always welcoming and remembered me after I came in a few times in a week because I can't get enough!! Their sauce is the best. My friends and I meet there on a regular basis now. :) Thank you canes!!
1	This place is a new kind of pathetic low for the fast food industry. My family and I went last night (11/24/14) to pick up a quick dinner for my brother only. We were all blown away by the incompetence of the staff AND management. We walked in, and promptly ordered a simple chicken sandwich for my brother. That's all. We then took a seat in their waiting area by the register and proceeded to watch the cashier gal (didn't catch her name, she wasn't wearing a nametag either) goof off with her co-workers and kitchen staff for a solid 15 minutes (it was not busy at all; we were the only ones in line at the time). In those minutes, we watched our simple order be sent back to the kitchen THREE times for whatever reason (I don't even want to know). We then watched an employee place his order after us and receive his order before us. And finally, while being annoyed by the LOUD cashier girl goof around with her co-workers, we watched a presumable MANAGER actually see them goofing around and disregard it completely.By this point, we were about ready to ask for a refund and leave, but we finally got our order after waiting 15 minutes. After that, the rest of my family decided to eat at the Wendy's across the street, where our large order was completed in under 5 minutes. WENDY'S has a much more competent staff than this place.The food was good according to my brother, but not worth waiting for while employees played butt-grab with each other for 15 minutes.Will not be coming back. Would not recommend this place to anyone.
1	Against my better judgement I came back here.  The employees here are what truly make this place a sinkhole of awful with their attitudes.  The food is below average, but if the staff weren't spending all of their time hanging out as if this was their own personal teenage hangout, maybe it would be better... maybe.  Dozens of better places IN THE AREA, and I mean fast food wise.  This was my second and without question the last time I ever come to this place.
3	I'd come back. Not bad as fast food restaurants go. That said, I don't really understand the five star reviews. The chicken strips, while well prepared and tasty, aren't really that unique. I loved the Texas Toast. Didn't really care for the bland coleslaw. The Cane's dipping sauce was serviceable, but I longed for an alternative. The French fries were good, but just fries. That said, I don't really understand the one star reviews either. We did not experience the poor customer service that some others have noted. Quite the contrary. We were impressed with the speed and efficiency of the staff at a very busy time. The menu does lack variety. I don't mind that either. It's okay to focus on what you do well. It's also refreshing to have the food delivered to your table.Overall, a nice addition to the PV Mall area. Just be thankful it's not another burger joint!
5	Want fast food fried chicken? Texas toast? Crinkle cut French fries? For a fast food chicken place it's pretty darn good. Is it good for you? No...but if you're in the mood for a fresh deep fried juicy chicken strip this place is for you.  Perfect for those  late night munchies :) omg the Texas toast is divine. It's so bad it's goood mmmmm.  We went at peak lunch and didn't have any issues with service. It's fast food people not fine dining!
