4	A wonderful Asian restaurant with the stated goal of bringing East Asian cuisine to the East Valley. The menu is a medley of foods from the East Asian bloc - think Thai, Japanese, Malaysian, Chinese and more. There is a seperate meny for sushi and the choices are unlimited. I sampled some sushi, tried one of the soups and ordered a noodle dish with chicken and shrimp and I was extremely satisfied with my choice. I did not try any dessert but, they had this unique cheesecake which looked awfully tempting. If only I had room left in the tank !   An added bonus of Oasian is the affable staff. I look forward to coming here in the future and maybe I can try that cheesecake.
3	A gem - nice diverse menu, as Imran put it - the "East Asian Bloc". I've been there several times with my family and sampled several of the dishes.  Some are better than others, but I have yet to be disappointed. I really enjoy their currys and panangs while the Korean style chicken and the several types of sushi I sampled were just ok.One of the few Asian restaurants my kids answer to the question "where do you want to eat" - They love the 'big noodle lo mein'.The service is pleasant with a casual atmosphere - the decor is nothing to write home about but when the eats are good - who cares?
2	While I do love the food at O'Asian the service has fallen a great deal.  Their sushi prices are not as competitive as compared to the sushi restaurant just down the road on Val Vista.We've been there at least 2 times a week in the past year and watching them rotate their staff has been exhausting.Last week was the absolute last straw for bad service.  Maybe they will improve, but for now, I know I won't go back.Service aside, the food is great, but getting cold food after waiting for 25 mintues?  Again, it points back to service.The owner's a cool guy, but too bad the rest of his staff is not.  I wondered why so many of our co-workers stopped going to O'Asian - it's the service.I am sure I can find chicken chow fun elsewhere in the valley.
4	The absolute freshest vegetables I've ever had at home or any restaurant.  I've only ever had great customer service there. My first time there, I came into the restaurant just 15 minutes till closing and was seated and treated to awesome cuisine and excellent service. And though I felt guilty, I was not rushed to finish my meal which extended beyond closing time. My only problems were the absence of a lunch menu with smaller portions and cheaper price and the inflexibility to substitute rice for noodles with the Buddha's feast. That last one was kind of weird to me.Overall, I recommend this place and eat there whenever I'm in the area.
3	Bummer...it's closed.  I had a hankering for some Malaysian Chow Fun on May 9, 2008, and was on that side of town.  Drove up to the place and saw the sign that read, "OAsian is closed for good.  Thank you for all your support."It's pretty recent because a friend of mine had eaten there a couple of weeks ago.I heard from a friend that K.C. is looking to find another location for OAsian as the rent was astronomical...I remember he told me what he was paying and I nearly passed out. Hopefully he will find somewhere new.
