3	I would love to give this place 3.5 stars.The thing is that this is a great place to be. You walk in, get your drink, and go. There is no sitting room, no place to chill out. This is a straigh-forward tea bar serving nothing but tea and tea accesories.There are samples up front- watch out, these are delicious. They are designed to lure you in and trap you. I gave into a mate and black chai blend, sweetened with brown sugar crystals.The reason I am hesitant to give more stars is the price. This place is EXPENSIVE. For comparison, the "imperial acai blueberry" white tea costs $12 for 2 oz (about 24 cups) when you could get a comparable tea in the same amount online (or at Tea Infusion or Souvia) for $6!When I was lured into the shop by a sweet sample, my cup of tea was $5, which seemed a little much. Of course it was perfect.The other side of the price is that while they have some of the exact same teas as Tea Infusion (but rebranded- you'll recognize the names if you think about it), they do have a couple of notable teas. The Snow Geisha White Tea is beautiful, aromatic, and frankly intoxicating. I have not found this sour cherry and cranberry blend white tea anywhere else. At $15 for 2 oz, it should be listed in your stock portfolio, but it might be worth the investment.Teavana is a great place to learn about tea, health benefits, proper storage, etc., but you might want to grab a cup (or an investment in Geisha) and take your knowledge to Tea Infusion, Souvia, or even Ebay or teazonline.com.I'll be back, but I won't bring in my credit card. Too tempting.
4	I LOVE Teavana and found their pricing comparable to loose leaf teas I was buying either thru mail or store.  Like Lindsay, I do not see Teavana as a drink shop for sipping and hanging a la Starbucks.  It is a retail shop.I have loved Let's Do Tea's White Peach @ $14.95 for 1.5 oz + tax and shipping.  The Octavia White Ginger Peach I picked up at Urban Tea Loft for $14.95 is also a 1.5 oz size.  So Teavana's White Peach already has them beat in my book because for the same price I am getting .5 oz more and unlike Let's Do Tea, no shipping.  That pricing is also competitive with Republic of Tea's loose peach/ginger.The teas are delicious because they are premium blends and all loose leaf.  Since it's summer, I went with the black peach tea to save on my costs icing the tea.  My daughter guzzles it like I do, and adding a packet of stevia, a good white tea iced was getting expensive.  I was able to do the black peach/ginger @ $3.50 for 2 ozs.  Worth it in my book to get a better grade of tea than anything I can buy off the grocery shelf.  So I did not buy the Teavana White Peach, but when the clerk pulled back the lid and showed me their White Peach, I could see it was a gorgeous tea with chunks of goodies in it.When winter starts coming around, I will be investing in their White Earl Grey and the Chai blend they have been sampling.  That chai will be expensive...but dammit I'm worth it!
3	One caution:  do take advantage of the opportunity to buy a tea drink or ask for a sample.  I did try the Teavana White Peach yesterday as a drink to see if I wanted to purchase it.  I do favor the Let's Do Tea peach...to me it is a more tasty, fruity tea than the Teavana.  I am happy now that I decided to purchase the Teavana black ginger/peach for my iced tea brews to forgo the cost of an expensive white iced tea.I love the Chai blend they have been sampling and did purchase that for my morning wake up drink.  Yum.
2	I too was lured in by the tasty sample, however I was never told that I could buy single cup of tea to go and drink, I would have liked to do that at least. I was instead told that minimum tea purchase was 2.oz. and the tea that I was interested in would have cost me around $20! NO THANKS. I don't need that much tea and seriously am not going to save soggy leaves to re-steep another time. I would have liked to buy just enough for a few glasses of tea. Sorry Teavana I will be going elsewhere.
1	Crowded, disorganized and overpriced.The tea selection is ok, but mostly "fashion" teas. 2 ounces of basic Orange Roiboos set me back $16!No organized lines for drinks or just loose tea. Way too small of a space for as much stuff as they crammed in there. And as there is only one portal, people on their way out have to fight people on their way in!I'll be going elsewhere for my tea supplies.
4	After visiting a tea farm in mainland China, I learned there is not only a difference with taste but also on how the teas level of enhancing your health varies from standard quality all the way to high quality. Sure, the prices are very high, but the quality of tea is actually of a better quality than what you would find elsewhere (if your tea comes in a tin from Dilmah or Republic of Tea, you know what I mean). And if your only purchases of tea are from Lipton, Celestial Seasonings, Twinings, or Bigelow you will gasp and be totally shocked at the prices. What I really like is how they have taken the concept of blending teas to create several sensational teas that are so much more robust then the teas separately. It's this artful blending of teas that also demand the higher tea price. So, if you are looking for a good quality tea to drink at home at your leisure, you shouldn't have any trouble finding a tea blend to your liking. But if you just want tea for a one time use, better going to the store and buying a bottle of Tazo. I've sampled several of the teas, both hot and cold, and all are very good. They use a German rock sugar for some of the teas they sample. But even without the rock sugar the teas are really good. And if you do want the sugar, you can use an alternative like pure cane sugar that is cheaper but is just as good. And if you don't have an air & light tight container, they have a few sizes that are reusable. Lastly, if the prices are still too high to swallow (no pun intended), I've been told they have sales every once in a while. I'll be looking out for those sales!
5	I drink coffee.  I never pictured myself walking around a tea shop, picking up little tea pots off of shelves and talking about how fancy they'd look in my apartment... using words like "lovely" and "amazing" while looking at loose tea.  Never in a million years.  IT HAPPENED.Yes, I went with my brother to Teavana gift-shopping for a family member, and all of these things really happened.  Derrick helped us.  (Derrick, if you're reading this, you are fantastic.)  Derrick talks about tea, gives you some insight and wafts the tea jars very graciously so you can catch the scent.  He's a great wafter, and in all seriousness, he knows everything about tea.  His manager, "Stephie," was also very helpful and just plain sweet.I'll be visiting again to buy a tea set for my boyfriend's mother when we go to Chicago in October.  If you love tea or want to impress someone who does, go here.
1	Okay, I am now climbing on the over-priced bandwagon and I think Teavana's white teas lack body, texture, creaminess??  As I have shifted to white tea, Teavana's pricing is much too high compared to Harney & Son's teas.  I was shocked that I paid 1/3rd of Teavana's 2 oz pricing to buy a hot tea in order to sample their Lavendar blend.  $5 bucks for a cup of tea?!??  Are you kidding me?  I could swallow 1/5th of the 2 oz price.So I am done w/ Teavana.  I really like the Harney's mutan white peach and mutan white and am waiting for their Jasmine Pearls and White Earl Grey. I am getting away w/ using my Harney white tea satchets for 3 cup brews.  Not bad.  That drives their price even further down.Harney's website:  http://www.harney.com/index.cfmheh
1	Way over priced and WAY pushy people! Really? There is now way the average person buys $140 worth of tea a month!!!!! Never spending money there again!They push these 1 LB containers of tea (mind you the average tea is $10 per ounce!), and the "air tight, light tight containers" are $7 a piece, they don't give you an option for anything else...My boy friend and I were really looking forward to learning about tea and trying something new, and this definitely put a damper on our excitement. Cost Plus had tea pots just as nice for 1/5th of what Teavana was charging (and some yummy teas at half the price)!
5	Ok, ok, ok, I know teavana is expensive.....it's just that, their teas are so GOOD! In my case, I do spend the money, but I find that my teas last me so long.....I mean, it's just a little over a teaspoon to make one cup of tea... I've had some cannisters of tea last me over a year, and btw, you aren't supposed to keep tea past a year (in a sealed container), but I find mine are still quite flavorful (the jars they sell are pretty and efficient, in my opinion). Since buying tea from teavana, I have had a very hard time drinking tea from a bag. There is a big difference between loose tea and the pre-bagged tea....Even Republic of Tea tastes weaker now, I have to steep double bags. If there is someone out there who is trying to take their tea drinking a step up, but isn't ready to pay teavana prices, try drinking Mighty Leaf tea. Then, from there, take the next step and buy the 2 oz. Compare the two and take notes (both are good, but, obviously I prefer one over the other....) Also, you don't have to buy the jars they sell. Just be sure to put your tea in an air tight container as soon as you get home, and you are good to go.
5	I've just had the best ice tea I have ever had in my life!  It's called Wild Orange Blossom!I'm hooked! You will be too!
4	I love this place, I am a tea junkie and the girls here are amazing, they are so knowledgeable and you know they love tea and its a passion! I love how i can just walk in and tell them my symptoms or tell them I'm detoxing and they whip up a tea just for me.. of course I always end up buying their pricey concoction...but it works. Tea revives you and this place is wondrous! not 5 stars because it puts a big big hole in my wallet!
2	I was recently at the Chandler Teavana for a gift idea for my sister.  The gal that helped me was friendly and initially asked me "how much are you looking to spend" - to which I replied "no more than $30" (though I was expecting 35ish with taxes).. she asked other types of questions to get a feel for what she could recommend as a 'gift'.  She did well, except for the MINOR fact that everything she recommended was at least $10 over what I had told her was my budget.  She kept saying "it's a bit more, but I'm sure she'll love it" to every recommendation... and I kept saying "got any thing else in my range?".  I really wasn't necessarily trying to stick to $30.00 max, but once I started to see how she'd only recommend things above $30, I became more of a stickler and was resolute on not giving them any more than $30.00.  When I finally chose the gift and wanted to add a bit of tea, I was hit with the "there's an oz minimum on the tea purchase" and we *highly* recommend (insert strong sales push here) the huge air-tight container... ugh.This is not the first time, either.  I have been here several times and most of the time it's been off-putting how pushy their employees are.. but I always walked out with something I loved, so I just brushed the annoyance aside. They have a nice selection of teas.. a bit over-priced, but you're at the mall, so it's expected.  Their tea-accessories are very nice and delicate.. and also pricey.. but if you're a tea snob, you're probably OK with the prices. I would like to buy accessories without being pushed or hounded.. I'd like to buy tea in *whatever* quantity I wanted and not be hasseled that I should also include the air-tight container and honey wands to better experience the tea.  Short story - great products, pricey, pushy sales staff.  I am resolute on going in and NOT talking to their staff.. even if they make attempts... just say "I'm just browsing".  I wonder how well that would work.
3	I was lured in by a sample of youngberry tea, so refreshing and I wanted some more.  The sales woman gave me a sample of all the teas they had brewed and a tour around the shop.  She was friendly and knowledgeable about the products in the store - a pleasure to speak with.  When it came time to buy she did her very best to sell me every tea product in the store.  I stayed the course though and insisted I only wanted some tea.  She grabbed a large canister and started filling it up with tea and I had to stop her and explain there was no way I needed that much tea.  She then grabbed a smaller canister and started filling it up, even the small canister seemed like it would last me a year.  She put it on the scale and it rang up to $50.... for Tea.  Again, I stopped her and told her that was way too much to spend on tea and she removed the tea from the canister and put some into paper bag.  It really bothered me that she had taken the liberty to fill up that first large canister of tea, who knows what that would have cost.  The Teavana staff must know their products are expensive and I would have preferred it if she would have asked me beforehand how much tea I needed or how much I wanted to spend, seeing as how there weren't prices on tea, or at least none that I could see.  I understand that they are trying to make money and up sell but ASK, don't take liberties.
3	Teavana is a specialty shop for tea lovers.  You won't find Lipton here.  They feature many unique loose-leaf teas, and they also will do blends for you.  Also available are storage and brewing accoutrements.Their staff seems to be very knowledgeable about their products, and are generally helpful.  They are a bit expensive, but you would find it difficult to find any of their teas anywhere else.
2	Teas are yummy, however I found the staff at this particular location to be too aggressive and pushy.  I have been to other locations before, but have never felt as backed into a corner as I did at this one.  I felt ganged up on by numerous employees and sure, I could have said no and walked away, but I really did want to make a purchase, just not spend so much.
1	Hey! A tea store! What's not to love?Uh, everything, apparently.Crazy prices, middling-quality teas, obnoxious minimum purchases, a ridiculous affinity for tutti-frutti blended teas, and a bunch of insipid nonsense about the soul-cleansing properties of boiled leaves.I especially like the scam they run with the containers. In case you haven't heard this one before, they automatically put your tea into a tin. They don't ask, and they don't bother mentioning that piddly little slave-labor pot metal tin is $7, apparently hoping you go all glossy-eyed at checkout and can't do math in your head. "Goodness," they must hope you think, "tax must have gone up quite a lot!"Skip it. You can get much better tea with much better service at much better prices by making the trek to Souvia or using any of the reputable catalog companies. Maybe Starbucks will force-feed Teavana some customer service skills after the acquisition is final, but my hopes are not high.
2	So I've been sucked into the trend that is Teavana, and I don't regret it..most of the time. The tea is admittedly pricey, but you can find some pretty good deals from time to time, and in fairness, it is of great quality and lasts a good while if you store it (in one of their $$ tins) properly.In terms of actual product, they deserve four stars, but they lose major points for their customer service. They're incredibly pushy and presumptuous to a level that is mighty discomforting for something as soothing as tea. I feel like if I want a sample I had better grab it and run, because if I dare ask any questions I'll be brought to the back to have $100 worth of tea (that I didn't ask for) measured and packed up ready for my immediate purchase. Of course I would reply with an "uhmm no thank you" which would then  result in them trying to push me into something else. Ultimately I'm left either buying something I had no intention of buying or making up some story of why I have to go, and I don't like it. I understand that it may take some persuasion to get a new customer to understand why their products are a worthwhile investment, but I feel like they really ought to find a classier way of doing it.
2	The one redeeming quality of this store is that -some- of their teas are quite good. If you are an earl gray fan, the earl gray creme makes a nice diversion from an "everyday" earl gray. The earl gray white is pretty good as well. The quality of their teas is middling at best, and they have an over-abundance of fruity blends that won't appeal to most serious tea drinkers.The store itself is obnoxious. They have hawkers out front trying to lure passersby into getting samples of tea, which is annoying in and of itself to the point that I go out of my way NOT to walk by their store. Once you get inside, they are very aggressive about selling you large quantities of tea in overpriced containers. The rest of their merchandise is overpriced as well--if you are looking for any kind of kettle, tea mug, or other accessory, shop around before you pay Teavana's prices. As others have noted, make sure you pay close attention to how much tea they are ringing up and request a regular bag unless you want to be charged for the container. You do NOT need a pound of tea unless you are a fanatical tea drinker going through 10-12 cups a day. 6 ounces of tea is plenty for almost anyone.
3	I should have read these reviews before I went. Every product I have bought has been excellent but the first time I went in for tea I was pushed into buying more than I wanted. Just like for other reviewers, my salesperson filled up a tin that rang up as $88! I said I needed a lot less than that but  she kept pushing. I go back for their tea and their great products but I somewhat dread the actually shopping experience.
1	The aggressive sales tactics made shopping  for tea like haggling at a used car lot. Shopping with the boyfriend and we liked the refreshing tea samples. I only wanted to buy a couple of ounces but the sales lady insisted on filling a huge canister. When I told her I only wanted a couple of ounces she told me the tea I sampled was a blend so I would have to buy 4 ounces. Lady acted like There was some communication breakdown and just kept shoveling tea in the fancy tin and repeating that the tea was a blend and if I bought even more mass quantities I would get a ten percent discount. Boyfriend started to squirm as he could see I was about to blow. it was either walk out of the store or cave to the sales pressure. $47 later we now have some nice tea we could have bought at a "sane" place of business for $20.  Never again! DONT GET TEAVANA'd!
3	Good place to go for any tea products, but sometimes it can be super expensive.  They usually have some types of deals and promotions going on, so make sure you check either their website and/or go into their stores.
3	Stay strong Yelpers! Have a game plan before you go into the store and don't let the sales associates smell your fear. They can sense weakness. They will twist and turn you around until next thing you know you have spent far too much on tea than you even thought was possible. REMEMBER:-Know what you want -Only that-Get out as fast as you can!
1	Just tried to return a birthday gift (tea pot). I had the receipt and purchase was just 7 days ago. They would not accept because it was bought on sale. They said the policy is on the receipt. Receipts are typically given to you after the purchase is final.  Clerk just shrugged his shoulders when I questioned the policy. I honestly will not shop there again.
4	Main Points:-An absurd amount of teas to select from -Prices range, can get very expensive-You can buy individual drinks like parent company, Starbucks.Review:I guess I must be timing my visits right because I have somehow managed to completely avoid pushy sales people as described in previous reviews.  However, I know in the past I was told that you have to buy 2oz or more of any flavor so all those tantalizing mixed concoctions they lure you with at the front can get costly fast.Am I the last person to find out about the fact that they sell individual, freshly brewed, ready-to-drink teas? Gone are the days where you have to keep refilling your tiny sample cup with your favorite blueberry pineapple blend or chai just to quench your craving of their tasty tea! I asked the brewer, who was extremely nice and not pushy in any way, why I hadn't heard about the individual drinks and she said before Starbucks took over they were encouraged to focus on tea leaf sales and not really even offer the drinks as an option.  I'm giving a 4 because their tea is undoubtedly tasty, you can taste it for a reasonable price and walk out the door with it rather than waiting for an online purchase, and though pricey, it is an interesting store full of tea and tea accessories.
5	I love Teavana and especially this location with friendly employees that aren't so pushy on sales like other locations can be. I'm the kind of customer that likes to stop by to get a drink made, especially since it is usually less expensive to purchase a drink than to purchase the same amount of tea to go home and make it myself. But with the friendly employees it keeps me coming back to purchase drink after drink.
