3	Cons:  Long wait time outside to pass through security. Being Las Vegas, waiting outside in the summer is not an enjoyable experience.  Parking at the on-site parking lot is $$$. Even for downtown parking.  Once inside no cell phone use. If you don't have reading material, it is boring.Positives:   On my two visits here, the IRS agents have been friendly and helpful.   Modern building. Although waiting is boring, the interior is not dismal.  So the depressing factor is nonexistent.Recommendations:   Park at a downtown casino, and walk vigitantly alongside the north sidewalk  along Ogden Street that passes under the railroad tunnel. With the money you save on parking, you can treat yourself to a good meal afterwards. I recommend the Main Street Buffet.    Try to get there by opening time, to avoid a long line outside.  Bring a good book or magazine. Cell phone use is prohibited.  Be careful filing your taxes, so that you do not end up here.
4	Very pleasant, moved quick, only waited 1hr when lobby was full. Parking sucks though.
1	Very unfriendly staff at the front, very un-knowledgable about everything!! Don't let these  people ruin your day, It's bad in here disputing someBs charge !!!!
3	Ohh boy... Ok well first of all I suggest getting here early and treat it like the DMV. They open at 8:30am M - F and according to the employee I talked to inside they always have a line. If you don't get here first thing in the morning and need to meet with one of their tax people plan on being here for at least a couple hours. Also, Parking is $3 per 1/2 hour! There is no other close resource for a parking spot, but I bit the bullet anyway and used a meter downtown just a block off Freemont street. You'll need $2 in change for 2 hours and that was the max the meter I used would go to. But it beat the almost $20 parking in the building would cost me. So long as I make it back to my car within 2 hours and don't get a parking ticket. It was still a couple block walk back to the building but I needed the exercise anyway. When you get here get inline to get a ticket. They give out tickets with numbers corresponding to your problem, then take a seat and wait. Also although they do not close until 4:30 pm, they are known to stop giving out tickets as early as 1:30 pm, which means you will have to come back another day. So to sum up, Get here early like 8 am, park a few blocks away and save some money on your parking and don't fall behind on your Taxes!!!
4	so I went at 7:30 on Monday ..parked in the casino garage and validated .. means I had 3 hours free parking .. walked thru the underpass and got in line .. only 9 people in front of me .. I had a good session with an agent that truly wanted to help me with my dilemma .. got out in a reasonable time .  back to the casino and left with no parking charges
