1	I had heard good things about Situl.  We usually go to Maharani but we thought we'd venture out.  My first inkling that things to come were not going to be wonderful were the poppadoms .  They were greasy.  & I don't just mean slightly oily, I mean there were pools of oil on them.  I didn't know poppadoms could be greasy!  The food lacked undertones which are one of the enjoyments of Indian food.  It was spicy but that was it.  There was no real flavour behind it.  It was oily & one dimensional.  We were the only people in there at 7pm on a Saturday night which also usually says something about a a restaurant.  Go to Maharani instead.
2	I really wanted to like this place.  The people working there seemed quite cordial.  It is convenient to both work and home.  But I just couldn't get there.  The ambiance is nil, and the food is average.  Let's just call it an adequate feeding trough at a reasonable price.
3	Stopping in for their lunch buffet ($8.75 with tax), I was a little wary by the emptiness of the place. Other than me, there was only one other couple there, and this was during the peak lunch "rush."The buffet was laid out with 8 trays on the steam table, 4 vegetarian dishes and 4 chicken dishes, plus one tray of rice and one of "asian noodles". The salad bar had a selection of various spices, including riata. There was also a dessert bar with rice balls and sliced melon.I placed a portion of rice on my plate as well as a spoon of the chicken curry and chicken chilli, plus something a palak paneer (spinach curry) and later went back for more rice, a piece of chicken tandoori, some chole (garbanzo bean curry) and chicken masala. All were pretty mild on the spice scale, but they had plenty of delicious flavor.The waiter brough by a basket of fresh naan bread, which was super useful for soaking up the sauce from my plate. He also was great at refilling my water glass and bringing the check.Would I return? Yes, I think so. It's located in the "back court", so drive around behind Michael's Arts & Crafts store and its at the end.
3	I like this place.  The people are friendly and the food is good.  It is definetly quiet.  I must say though, I enjoy a good quiet setting from time to time.  It is a wonder how they stay in business though.  It's always sparce on the patrons.
1	Really miserable Indian fare and that single $ is not accurate. I paid $12 for some of the worst and saltiest chicken tika masala I've ever had. In fact, everything i ate there was over salted except for the nann , which had a decidedly un-nann bread taste to it. More like pizza dough. There were none of the cool sweet sauces that usually work well with Indian dishes, just more salt. (And I usually like salt).Also, I had sweet tea there and it had that sat-in-the-brewer too long taste to it.My wife was equally disappointed, and especially as we were having a mini-celebration of her running her first 10k. The place was decidedly UN festive compared to a lot of Indian restaurants we've been to here in the states and in the UK.For what we ended up paying we could've gone to Copper. :\
1	I will never go here again. The management is absolutely horrible. I frequently eat Indian food at various restaurants. I had never been here before so I used Alu Gobi as my "measuring stick". The food arrived and the dish was all wrong. I asked the waitress if why it was so different. She sent the manager out and he told me that Indian food is not Chinese food. He said "We don't have your brown sauce."Never going back after that.
4	I love this, off the beaten path delight. Lunch is good but the dinner meals are excellent.
2	I was really excited about coming here. I see the ad in Creative Loafing for the $7.95 all you can eat buffet, which sounds like such an awesome deal!! Except...not when you don't really want to eat anything. The restaurant is dark and rickety and does not feel welcoming.The buffet was limited and nothing really had much of a taste. The first line has a few sauces and a salad with iceberg lettuce, peppers and carrots. The second line had soups and the third had four vegetarian and four chicken options. The rice pudding on the dessert bar was super runny and bland. The cantaloupe tasted a bit old as well. I love all things Indian but Situl does not measure up. They give you a basket of naan upon sitting down. It too was bland and even tasted a bit stale. We usually eat up the naan and ask for more to dip into all the wonderful sauces, but it was left untouched. I was looking forward to an Indian buffet so close to me, but paying a little extra and going to Bombay or Blue Taj is definitely worth it.
1	This is the worst ever restaurant I have ever gone. Not much variety of food on saturday, yet charging high weekend buffet fee. Even then, none of them are tasty. The dessert (Gulab jamun, kheer) if you taste, you will never want to eat them again. My dad once tasted, stopped eating his whole lunch. My kids told me lets go somewhere else.  All food have excess salt. When told to the server about our feelings, he told me that they do like that only, and everyone likes those and says its not a south indian restaurant.  Very head weight answers. I hate the location, restaurant and its staff. It does not seem like a indian restaurant. Some family is making money.
4	Based on this past Saturday Nights experience this was an easy review to write!  For Dessert (eaten first) Kulfi 3.98 yelp stars, great flavor, was "scooped" (never had it scooped before) it seemed a little too icy, too light, could have been creamier, though still way better than most.  Next they brought out the usual complimentary "spicy" Onion Chutney and cracker.  This is a smart move because they ask you to gauge the level of spiciness for your meal based on how "spicy hot" you think the Chutney is.  They say the Onion Chutney is a two spice level and to me it is about perfect hot (or a bit hotter than I would prefer to eat on a regular basis).  So I order everything at spice level two.  My yelp rating for the Onion Chutney is 5 yelp stars!  I love Masala Chai, when it is real good I can taste, Cloves, Cinnamon, Ginger, Cardamom and it is sweet and creamy (when it's good).  Most Indian Restaurants have very poor Malsala Chai, if they have it at all!  Saturday night Situl had good Masala Chai - I'm giving it 4.1 yelp stars.  Situl represents three cultures and has a menu for each:  Indian, Nepali and Indo-Chinese.  My soup came from the Nepali section and is called Everest Chicken Soup.  This easily makes my "Soup's On" list.  This was very enjoyable, the vegetables were so fresh and many had a slight "crunch" left in them, perfectly seasoned, 4.89 stars!  The Garlic Naan was in one large piece with lots of garlic and butter!  This was the most unique Garlic Naan I have ever tasted and was very good, 4.25 stars.Now for the Entree and I'll say the service was perfect and "Boldness" counts!  My waiter recommended the Soup and the Entree.  I was going to order Chicken Tikka Masala and he suggested (without me asking for a recommendation) Bombay Chicken.  I got Bombay Chicken and it was tasty, milder than the rest of the meal, still flavorful,  Chunks of boneless white meat Chicken, with Raisins and Tomatoes in a Creamy Garlic, Ginger Sauce, 3.35 stars! Oooops I left my wallet at home!  They asked if they could hold my camera, I said sure and as you can see (if you look) I got my camera back!  The Decor here has a sparseness to it... Still this place does have a certain Charm to me, though I wonder if the appeal is that it is located in the "Back Court" of a Charming old Shopping Center?
4	This is our go-to spot for Indian in Charlotte. The management and wait staff have always been very friendly and helpful, and after several years of regular visits we still haven't tried everything on the huge menu. Best samosas in town!
4	The best way to check how authentic a place is what it claims to be is to order the specialty.I read it was run by a couple from Nepal and Punjab - so I ordered Nepali and Indo-Chinese - Chowmein vegetable and Chilli Paneer - takeaway.As soon as I opened the boxes, I knew the food had authentic flavor and fragrance.The taste was good too. I had ordered "mild" because of what I read in previous review but I think I'll want to step up to "medium" next time.The quantity was good too.My only complaint was the food was too oily. Maybe I'll mention that when I order next time because I'm definitely going back for the authentic Indo-Chinese/Nepali food!!
4	I'm a huge lover of Indian and Situl does not disappoint. I've had several dishes, but the Channa Massala and their Paneer Tikka Massala are the best. Their onion chutney goes great with the Naan and the owners are very friendly.
5	This review is based only on food and service.  The restaurant is clean, I have no issues with the decor, but others may. So I'm saying up front, I don't care what it looks like, you just gotta get in there and get some food! I have been here more times than I can count, the food is AMAZING. The staff is so nice, as well, but go for the best Indian food in town. The naan is perfect, the samosas are delicious, and the lamb saag makes my mouth water just talking about it.  I also really enjoy the fried Cauliflower here. I've sampled several menu items and never once been disappointed. I've tried a couple other places around town, but nothing gets close to Situl. A true hidden gem in Charlotte, totally worth finding!
4	I am biased towards Situl:  going to Situl has been a longstanding tradition with my Charlotte friends that started when I was in college, and there are a lot of fond and important memories I associate with this restaurant.  That being said, this is my go-to Indian restaurant in Charlotte.  The service is not top-notch and the prices somewhat high -- but that's been most of my experience with Charlotte Indian restaurants.  We've waited over an hour for food before.  Additionally they don't go as hot as I'd like them to -- but then, I like spicy food that hits the threshold of pain.  The amount they spice the food will appeal to most of their customers.  The food is fantastic, though.  Some of my favorite Indian (and Indo-Chinese) food.   Currently I am living in New York and Situl is one of those places I will have to visit each time I am in NC to visit.  Just writing this makes me want to order some Chicken Manchurian!
2	If you're the gambling type, you'll definitely be chancing it if you try this place. You can see by the mixed reviews some like it, others do not.I'm in the "not a fan" category. Husband and I stopped in for their lunch buffet and left with gurgles in our bellies. Perhaps it was the sad looking dishes that looked as though they were sitting out for hours. I seldom eat buffets, but I was convinced one hungry afternoon. When I think buffet, I think it should be fresh and plentiful. Not here.Service was friendly, but not enough to convince me to return.
4	I love Situl.It's the best Indian I've found to date in Charlotte. MUST have the lamb! But EVERYTHING is great.It's a bit expensive, but it's soooo good. :) I highly recommend it to anyone -Especially if you've never had Indian before.
1	Food is AWFUL. If your looking for Indian food, do not go to SITUL. I am originally from India and I can tell how bad the food was. Besides the food, our bill came to $28 (including $4 waiter tip), after few days I noticed charge on my bank account that they charged me for $32. The bad part is I could not even file a case against them since I did not preserve the receipt. BE AWARE OF THESE PEOPLE OUT THERE.
4	I'll also preface and say that I do not care about the decor-give me good food and I'll eat in a dirty ally. Their dinner is good although it is a bit expensive. I do not recommend the buffet though-the first time I've been at a loss to eat Indian food. Staff is very friendly and always attentive.
3	Having only eaten Indian food one other time, years ago, I consider this my first real experience with Indian food. We went on a weekday night and there was only one other table seated, so service was good.My lack of experience with Indian food meant I was relying on the menu for guidance. The menu seemed fairly descriptive and I was able to get a pretty good idea of what I was ordering. I was a little confused as to which items were spicy and which ones weren't. It turned out pretty much anything could be spicy (on the ol' 1-5 scale). However, since I wasn't aware of this at the time and wanted something spicy, I decided to go with the chicken vindaloo (which had the word "HOT" in the description). I went with a 3 on the spiciness. The dish was quite delicious and it was certainly spicy. In retrospect, I may have actually been okay with a 2 on the spiciness since this left me with sweat dripping off my brow. My chief complaint was with the portion sizes. I thought all the portions we had at our table were on the small side, especially for the price.Though the food was at least 4 stars in my book, the price and small portion sizes of the entrees mean I can't go above a 3. However, I do look forward to going back and trying some of the other dishes soon.
4	First time at situl. Amazing food. Not very restaurant style oily food. Great taste...homely taste. And a whole lot of options. Tried the Bombay chicken...yumm
2	Unfortunately, there aren't too many places in Charlotte that offer Nepalese food - so if that is your craving, you may have to bite the bullet and head to Situl. The good news is that the food is actually quite good. If I rated on the food alone, it would be awesome. If I rated on the service alone, not so much.I went with a group of people and spent a painful three hours in the restaurant. The best parts of the meal were the actual food - which unfortunately didn't last long - and the company (as it should be).In some places, the length of a meal is to be expected (see The Melting Pot). Each table takes very close to the same amount of time. You receive a regularly paced service. Not at Situl.You sit, are given menus, and then you sit some more. You watch tables come in, get menus, order, eat their food, get their checks, leave, and then you may get your food.By food, I mean a paltry dish called a "platter" which is really a bread plate with a single piece of each appetizer. This is a platter? I get that we as a country are in a dangerous area of consumption, and there are places that we should cut back. But when you order a platter to sample multiple appetizers - to share no less - this is what you get? Yikes. That it costs what it does makes matters worse.Then another round of tables comes in, gets their food and leaves and then we get our entree. The saving grace, because this food is amazingly tasty. I don't even know what I ordered. The service - when it comes - is quite good. Glasses are kept full, and the suggestion for Nepalese is some off-menu item which is one of the best dishes I've had in a good while. The Naan is a fresh and tasty side to go along with it.Afterwards, the dishes are cleared and another round of tables come in to eat. Eventually we ask to get our checks and they come out. Which is to say that a single piece of paper shows what each person owes. No breakdown, just a number scrawled on a pad in the position where everyone is sitting. But it's way higher than it should be.Of course it includes tax, but it turns out it includes a 20% tip - which strangely it never mentions anywhere (though it isn't uncommon for larger groups) and another $2 or so, because the waiter can't make it equal the same amount when questioned about it. Nice.Definitely on the long side here, so the result? Go for the food, and go if you're in a small party, but not in a group. Or perhaps even order ahead and take it home with you. But don't sit and wait for it.
2	Being a lover of Indian food, I was excited that my group chose Situl. I had never eaten there before and was looking forward to it.  The restaurant  had few customers when I arrived.  Appetizer platters had already been ordered.  The term "platters" was quite an exaggeration.  I would have used the term "salad plates."  But, the appetizers, served with a green sauce and a relish listed as 2 on the heat scale, were delicious!  I ordered Vegetable Karma, described as grated vegetables and cheese in a cream sauce.  I specified number 4 on the heat scale, which went to 5.  It came with rice, and I also ordered garlic naan.  The heat was nice, but the meal did not stand out visually or flavor wise.  But, I did adore the little copper pot used for presentation.Now, one would think if a restaurant was expecting a group of 10 or 12 that there would be adequate staff that night.  One server for the entire place.  Not sure how many chefs were in the kitchen, but it took a long time, an hour or greater, to be served.  Other tables seated later received their food, ate and left before we did.  It was as if we were guests in the home of someone who didn't plan ahead.  It took a long time to receive our checks as well.  I like to support small businesses, but probably will not return.
4	OK so the service is a bit slow in this family owned and run restaurant. But the food is worth it. My first time here so I had the Tandoori Chicken. I was warned it would take some time to prepare, but it was worth the wait. Served crackling, spitting hot out of their clay oven it was delicious. My companion had the Nepalese version with a different sauce, also great. Home made nan hot from the ovens. Quite a tasty experience. The portions were just right, too. I was there on a Saturday night and the place was only half full. This is a small family operation that is barely hanging on. Most everything is made fresh to order and takes a bit of time. Too bad that so many of us are in such a hurry to eat and run. I will be sorry to see them forced to close their doors.
2	Situl Indian Restaurant, located in the shadiest of shades, offered both an experience and Nepalese menu I can't find anywhere else. Reading the menu is like being dropped into the middle of the Apple Store: a lot is going on, you don't understand half of it, and it all sounds pretty good. I was in the state of "I'm-hungry-enough-so-it-doesn't-matter," stage, which often means decisions are even harder to make.I got aloo gobi, a cauliflower/potato/pepper curry dressed in a dark brown sauce with some garlic. It was a thick concoction that chapati, a pancake-like flatbread went well with. The sweet brown sauce it came with was thin, syrupy, and reminded me of apple butter. The chapati was a good complement because of how much the sweet was able to neutralize the salty spice. I thought the food here had a little too much salt.One patron reviewer on Yelp described the atmosphere as nil, and my friend commented the decor is a little-left-of-horrid on the way in. With a "packed" crowd you'd expect on Thursday night, there was less people watching and more looking up and down at the various bits of textile and fake flowers. Even though it wasn't a busy night (minimal bicycle rings notifying that food was ready), the service was a bit slow, making the setting not humble, but pretty bleak.Friendly staff, but I might try a place with a busier atmosphere and tighter grip on the salt. For what it cost and for the dish size, I'd rather go elsewhere for the flavors.
4	I love Indian food, so it was hard for me not to like this.Ordered a hot tea (they even brought milk with it) and ordered the vegetarian Thali platter, a complete meal which came with bread, saag paneer, chana masala, yogurt sauce, lentils, and rice (as well as some sort of cake ball soaked in a syrupy sauce). Food was excellent. Minor complaint - the rice was not on a small plate but instead on the stainless steel platter. It was difficult to scoop with spoon on my plate to use as a base for the other sides and on fortunately dropped some of it it on the table. Will have to ask for that in a small dish next time.Otherwise, excellent service and great food. Tried to order from the Nepali menu, but the momo I tried to order would have taken an hour to prepare (indicated on the menu "Special Order"). Would love to come back.
1	Lunch buffet was not good at all. On the plus side, it's actually not the worst Indian food I've had in this area (that award goes to Jaipur), and the service was nice and friendly. But the food was not good.
4	The best part of this place is how close it is to my house, so my review is a bit biased, but I was very pleased with the Lamb Biryani that I ordered for carry out. The Naan was also delicious and the meal had a nice kick to it! 3 out of 5 on the spicy rating was pretty hot so if you like things mild go with a 1 out of 5 on the spicy scale to be safe.
2	Puke.Chicken Korma tasted like rubber ducky puka.  It was gravy, not a cream or cashew based sauce as it should be.  It was thick and disgusting.  I asked for all white meat and the waitress acted like that was a problem but agreed to it.  However, the chicken was undercooked and tasted old. The chicken tikka masala tasted like tomato sauce that had gone bad.  The rice was dryThe naan was burnt.  The place looked like the Bates Motel--super grimyThe service was slowThe water tasted like fishNo one was there on a Friday night which made it even more creepy.Yuck.  Would not return.  Too pricy for the poor quality and service.
1	This place sucks balls!!! Lunch buffet was like eating cardboard, sweet tea tasted like it had been poured out of a old dingy boot, the dudes shirt that waited on us looked as if he just crawled out from under a car changing oil!!! We were the only 3 in there the whole time, my coworker thinks it could be a front for a terrorist operation!!Anyways, don't waste your time or money!!!
