4	Really cute little cafe and espresso bar with beer, wine, and booze.I just went to grab lunch real quick, but I decided to stay and eat since I had a few extra minutes.  The iced tea was really good, unsweetened with a hint of some fruit, maybe peach.  I ordered the portobello sandwich and substituted a side salad for the fries or pasta.  The sandwich was a grilled mushroom with cheese and pesto on grilled bread.  The salad was a garden salad with romaine lettuce, cherry tomatoes, shredded carrots, shredded cheese, croutons and my requested balsamic vinaigrette.Simple yet tasty.  I enjoyed my meal but I would make one suggestion: put a piece of lettuce between the mushroom and bread. My bottom piece of bread got a bit soggy.  It still tasted good, but if I took it back to the clinic like I planned, it would have become mush.
3	I have only been to this cafe once, which is important to note, since I think if I could visit more often over time, I would bet that my experience would be better.This restaurant is absolutely charming and feels to me like a neighborhood diner probably once felt.  Both the people behind the counter and the people in front of the counter seem to know and like one another.  The staff is VERY friendly.  The restaurant is spotless.  And the food arrived quickly, which [being impatient] I loved.I ordered the BLT, and it was average, nothing too special.  But the price was right: $6.50, including chips/french fries and coleslaw.  Gotta love that.Again, I want to return because the menu is large enough that there probably is a sandwich or two that they do REALLY well.  Maybe I just picked a bad one.
5	My wife and I have been here twice for breakfast and enjoyed it greatly both times.  They make an awesome latte and the fried egg sandwich is yummy.  Both times we visited the staff has been extremely friendly and attentive.  The menu is fairly basic, but everything we have tried was made perfectly.   We will be going back.
1	I entered the cafe for the first time and was unsure of whether to take a seat, so I approached the cash register.  After a period of between five and ten minutes, I placed my order.  After ordering, I was asked whether I wanted fries with my order, and that, my friends, was the first verbal communication I was granted.  In case you missed it, no one spoke to me until after I placed my order.  Not even, what would you like; just a look.  So I took my food to go, and don't plan on returning.  The reuben was actually quite good, but even that does not compel me to give a rating of more than one star.
3	A cute little cafe in south scottsdale that you probably drive by every day and never pay attention to.  We stopped in after searching Yelp for breakfast, and were pleasantly  surprised.  The decor is cute and clean (not diner, but not chic...just comfy), the staff is friendly and the food is solid.  The average age in the place is pretty high, probably considering it's next to an elderly residence center (what's the PC way to say that??).The menu is standard, so don't expect any surprises, but their specialty coffees are great.
5	This is my favorite neighborhood breakfast joint.  GREAT cup of coffee, and my girlfriend thinks they have the best fancy Frape's in town.  The Quiche of the day with a cup of tomato bisque served with Goldfish is the perfect light brunch.  For lunch the strawberry chicken salad or classic Chicago Style Italian Beef are great!The staff is friendly and remembered me after my first visit.  I love the charming decor and comfortable atmosphere.  I consider myself a foodie and anyone I bring with me always leaves happy.
4	This is definitely a south Scottsdale hidden gem that has turned into one of my favorite places to grab lunch during the work week.The first time I discovered them was due to the fact that they had breakfast all day. And well, if you know me, you know this usually brings a place up a notch in my book. I love my breakfast. Their heaven sent omelet is spectacular.Their italian soda comes with cream on the side so you can add as much as you want. Yum!!Additionally the grilled cheese is to die for. I am *not* a fan of tomatoes at all but for some reason their tomato bisque I actually somewhat enjoy. And it comes with cheddar goldfish. Oh yes. And this isn't a kids meal either.If you're a Chicago native or Chicago sports fan (which I am not), you will be especially impressed.
2	I struggle to find what people like about this place. Food is mediocre, service is typically slow, prices are nothing special. It doesn't have a local/quaint atmosphere to help it along either. Everything about this place is completely shruggable. If there is no place left on your list to go, by all means eat here. But for me, I'll pass.
4	Nice atmosphere, good food! They cooked my eggs perfect. Very casual, homey style service.
4	I waffled between 3 & 4 for a bit... but I'll give it the benefit of there not being a 1/2 star rating. Plain and simple, this is just a rock-solid breakfast option. It's not going to be the fanciest, or the most gourmet, or have the biggest servings... but it's always going to be good, the waitresses will always be nice, they'll rarely (if ever?) mess up your order, and they're perfectly reasonable on price. I realize I'm not making this a very sexy review, but honestly... sometimes 1+1+1=4. For me, i like supporting a family-owned place that i know is going to be dependable, and that i know won't have a line out the door.  This is by no means a "destination" place. (sorry Temptations.)A couple of tips; check the whiteboard at the far wall by the kitchen; it has daily special items listed that the waitresses will never mention otherwise.(i came here many, many times before i ever noticed.) Also, I typically sit at the main counter, but i have noticed that service seems to get incrementally worse the further you get from bar seating. Sit outside if you want peace from your server and don't care about coffee refills.
4	Friendly service and great food! Tucked away just down the street from my home, I lived in the neighborhood 2 years before I discovered this breakfast/lunch gem! I recommend this place to anyone who enjoys a good breakfast in a relaxed atmosphere. Reasonably priced with homey decor and a staff that knows how to treat people like people.
3	This is a very simple neighborhood homely breakfast/lunch diner with a Chicago Theme with a Cheers kinda feel to it.  The owner, Mylo, is a typical Chicagoian with all the Midwest swag.   He's one big flirt I tell ya and is honestly lovable!   My personal favorite on the menu is the BLT.  I like to order my sandwich with a side of fries, but they have homemade chips or a side salad as an option for the sandwiches.  One of my issues with this restaurant would be the fact that they also serve home fries, but you can't order a side of home fries with your sandwich.  I've never been able to understand why.They always offer various specials, soup and dessert of the day.  The coffee at Temptations is very good.  One Saturday morning I stop through there and the owner suggests that I nab a cup of the coffee.  It was very good.If you stop in here, you will really enjoy it.  Look for the word, "Cafe" on the building and you'll be there.
5	This place is awsome! Very friendly staff and great food! If I lived in Arizona i'd come here everyday. Great experience.
5	I stopped at Temptations Cafe today.  I love the locally owned businesses in Scottsdale and had heard good things about this Cafe.  I was pleasabtly surprised and left 100% satisfied.  I had the Country Fried Steak which came with 2 eggs and a delicious biscuit.  Coffee was great.  Friendly attentitive staff could not have been nicer and was interested in my happiness during my visit. The owner Nancy came out and spoke with me and made me feel like I was a regular.  She has that right as we will be back every weekend.
5	OMG, I love this place. It's very close to my house, and it's been there all along - I am writing this as a reminder to myself to go here more often. The owners are the sweetest people ever. Best iced coffee within a mile of my house. My girlfriend used to pick up breakfast for us from here on weekends, but then Pesto Prima opened up and we started doing that. Well, we are going to have to start alternating. The food here is fantastic. I feel kinda guilty for not going here much over the last year, but I'm definitely glad I rediscovered this place. I mean, if you want to roll up to Breakfast Club in the clothes you slept in and wait in line for average eggs and bacon and sub-par coffee so you can be "seen" out to brunch - that's what you're going to do - if you want awesome food and coffee in a sweet little cafe, then come here.The owner said they might start delivering soon - if that happens, holy cow. *crosses fingers*
5	Good food.  Good coffee.  Good people.We even brought our dog along for breakfast and he was welcome.Great little place with yummy and reasonable food prices and friendly service.
4	With its Chicago roots, this is a nice family owned and operated breakfast spot. It's tucked away in a nondescript strip mall, yet holds lots of charm and some great morning options. For seating, you can watch TV from the bar or pick from the handful of tables inside or out on the patio. When the weather gets nice, I love sitting outside with a fresh cup of coffee. Did I mention they have an espresso machine? Sometimes it can get busy, but I've never been turned away despite the quaint size.You can choose a traditional breakfast option (all of them are good) or go with a fancy selection from the whiteboard in the front. The eggs are cooked really well and the biscuits and gravy are always a smart choice. The food comes out fast and I'm never disappointed. I've never ordered lunch but my friends' dishes looked pretty tasty. The french fries are solid.
5	Great food and service! Been here a few times with my boyfriend and we are always pleased! We are gluten free so there isn't much for us there but so good when we want to cheat (on gluten free) or for a continental breakfast. Oh ya and great coffee drinks!
3	Average cafe fare. With few reviews and not enough detail, there was not much to go on for making our food choices. The reuben was ok. Not great. The breakfast burrito the same. Nothing wrong but nothing that I will remember tomorrow either. If I wasn't in Phoenix Scottsdale area but rather a small town, I would be thankful. It felt small town good. Unfortunately I will be tempted to go elsewhere.
5	When my girlfriend and I moved to Arizona from Pennsylvania, this was the first food/customer service experience we had and we couldn't be more PLEASED! Milo & Nancy (adorable Chicagoans) stopped to chat with us about life, love, sports and barbershops. They gave us some great pointers and EVEN BETTER FOOD! Our breakfast was DELICIOUS and affordable. One visit down...a million more to go! Check out this sweet little diamond in the rough!
5	I adore this little restaurant! I love the employees AND the food. The service is impeccable, it's fast AND friendly. My boyfriend and I love coming here for breakfast on the weekends. Don't ever leave! :)
5	Milo and Nancy are the best, food is awesome! Support this local cafe you won't be disappointed
5	When I wrote my first review, I had just started dining here, and now I'm a regular! We go almost every weekend for at least one meal. My 2 year old is the unofficial host every time we're there, haha. What an amazingly friendly place, the staff (and the customers!) are all so amazing. The food is definitely worth the trip, everything from the omelettes, club sandwich, burgers, and fantastic coffee makes Temptations Cafe a stop for any local or tourist looking for a great place.
3	The food was good, but the service was lacking. 5 tables of two people and three servers and did not check back once to see if I needed anything or if everything was okay, would have been nice to have gotten more water.
5	We love this breakfast spot. Beth gives us great service, and always gives our puppy fresh water in their outdoor patio. Amazing home style breakfast, try the egg sandwich with rye!
5	This place is a cute Chicago family owned and operated neighborhood breakfast spot. It's a place where everybody knows your name. It's a cafe full of regulars, Chicago sports memorabilia, great food, and fantastic service! The loaded scramble and the breakfast burrito are my favs, although the last time I ate here I had the French toast with strawberries and that could easily be a new favorite. There's bar seating with a tv showing sports. Feel free to ask for the paper! There's also a handful of seating inside and out on the patio. The food is yummy and reasonably priced.
5	I don't review much but thought I have to give this place the time. Originally saw them on bringfido.com so I can bring my dog and have breakfast someplace. From the moment my dog and I walked up to the patio the ladies that work here were amazing. Brought a bowl of water and coffee so fast- and made us feel so welcome. They have huge moveable umbrellas and the whole patio is covered by a wood roof overhang so even at 10 am in scottsdale it's not too Hot. Oh and the food-awesome!
5	My boyfriend and I would come here every morning when we lived in the area. They have a wide variety of espresso/coffee flavors to choose from, fresh veggies and fruit, and even something as simple as a bagel with butter was still amazing. This place does it right and the owners and staff are very friendly and welcoming. I'll definitely have to make the drive to that side of town soon to visit again!
4	Cute little cafe that was busy when we got there at 11, but there were seats at the bar. I ordered the French toast with fresh strawberries and it was yummy. The employees were nice and kept apologizing for the wait and how busy they were, but we were fine. Checking in on Yelp got me 10% off which was an awesome surprise because I didn't notice that before. All in all, cozy spot for breakfast/brunch/lunch and great service.
5	My boyfriend and myself are regulars here, I absolutely love the omelettes and the mushroom and Swiss burgers. My boyfriend is a very picky eater and he had their Philly cheese steak and he was telling me it's the absolute best cheese steak he's ever had. He's convinced we have to go every afternoon now just to get one. I would honestly recommend it to anybody. But all in all, if you want some good food, with nice people. I recommend going to the temptations cafe!
4	We just discovered this great little breakfast joint down the street from our house. Amazingly friendly service, diner type feel, affordable, and yummy food! No grease. Will be back for more!!
5	What a great little cafe! It is small and has the old time diner feel to it. The food menu is simple but thorough and all the breakfast food I have had was great. They have one tv right in the middle that everyone can see which is a nice touch. My only problem is that it is very small and a few times I've been in and then left because there were no seats. The staff is excellent and the food is perfect. They should expand a little because every time I've been in it has been at full capacity. If you looking for a local, tasty, homemade tasting spot, this is the best.
4	My wife and I really enjoys this little, special neighborhood place. Food and service are great and staff and customers are all very friendly. Inside and outside patio dining for breakfast and lunch, traditional food plus the daily specials. Just a great place to eat and chat!                               Carrie and Mike P.                               Scottsdale
4	Comfort food at a low price. This place is packed consistently for obvious reasons so be prepared to wait because seating is limited.
5	Had the pleasure off eating here one of my days there, Was fantastic food and music was good to. We left our names by the front door and went into the bar for a drink, When we were at the bar we where told that we can eat there instead of waiting on our names to be called...It was great and no hanging around for our food either.
4	My family and I spent many a long hour in this great establishment. Great cocktails, nice food,fantastic music but the atmosphere is dependent on the staff. We had some very entertaining times sitting at the bar, but Gigi, on Saturday 12th Jan, your attitude stank! You let the whole place down I'm afraid by being curt, disinterested and downright rude.
5	Amazing service!!! Everyone who works here is so nice. Breakfast is great! Make sure to use the 10% off coupon they have here on yelp!
4	Nice locals place for breakfast. Small diner feel, super nice woman behind the counter. Nice breakfast!
3	Found this place on Yelp and tried it out a few weeks ago.  Two things happened that we were not happy about.  Doesn't mean we wouldn't go back, but nonetheless we were not happy.  First, the Eggs Benedict.  Not really.  They used shaved ham, not Canadian Bacon and I wasn't thrilled with the sauce either.  Second, I asked for my potatoes to be fried crisp.  They weren't.  Waitress made some excuse I didn't understand.  But no effort was made to correct it nor was an apology even given.  Like I said, I would try this place again, but know what and how to order better now.
5	Had Eggs Benedict on special.  Done with shaved ham and very tasty. Poached eggs cooked perfectly, hollandaise sauce very good and hash browns with the perfect crispness.
5	The Cafe has a lot going for it. A lot of thought has gone into it right down to tennis balls on the chair legs. You wont hear the sounds of chairlegs scraping the floor. The decorations are appreciated in that as things are brought and removed customers notice and ask what happened to......? I also heard regulars saying, see you tomorrow. The food is excellent. I asked in jest if the cook gets a lot of kisses? Well not during his first five years at the cafe.I had the Heaven Sent omelette. It came from the kitchen but maybe the recipe is from Heaven? I also took the Strawberry & Chicken Salad.Everything was wonderful. This was my first visit and the service was fast with greeting, taking and bringing my order. It is close by but if it was not I would gladly make a long drive. People enjoying what they do and very well is not a daily event I often observe.
