4	I haven't been here in a while, but I love their Greek food.  They offer Italian style food as well.  Their baked dishes always have great cheese and meals are served complimentary bread and hummus.  The Greek salads are wonderful with generous amounts of feta, caution though as the olives have pits.  The service used to be pretty slow depending on which waitress you had.  This is why my wife and I stopped coming here, which is a shame since the decor is nice.  It's in the style of an Italian kitchen with pantry items on shelves as decorations.  However, we do still get takeout as the food is great.
4	awesome, family-owned greek and italian resturant with a brick oven for pizzas.i usually get the pizza or one of their many baked pastas. most italian places have 0 or 1 baked pastas on the menu. this place has like a whole section. the orecchiette melanzana is absolutely amazing. house salads and bread with a hummus dipping sauce come with entrees.they also have great deserts including two types of tiramasu, white and dark choclate.the place is pretty affordable and has cheaper meals at lunch. if you are on the west side it is one of the places you have to check out along with touch of thai and china grill.
5	these guys really have an expansive menu and from the many times i have eaten here i can tell you...they do it all right.love! their fresh mozerella buffla on pizza. their crust and sauce is also TASTYCAKES. I've have their pastas, calzones, seafood, wine...all of it is good.my meat eating father likes the meat. if you also like meat, you would like theirs.the service is very quick and everyone is very friendly. i've eaten here with large groups and they never screw it up.so yeah! eat here for tasty yum yum treats.
5	The brilliance in the restaurants name alone is breathtaking. This definitely goes on my list of places named after me (yes, I will accept nicknames and other variations of the true "Michael").I have heard good things from my west side amigos, and definitely plan to visit here soon. *****after which stars will be adjusted accordingly. Though it's not likely that a place with this much marketing brilliance (to use my name) could be anything less than 5-stars.If you name is obscure or inferior to Michael, don't hate just because your list would be comprised of NADA. Michael's unite! and join me on my quest (check my list for details).
4	I love that they always have those chocolate mints at the register.My fav is the tapanade (consistantly the best anywhere) and the greek salad.  The wait staff is always friendly and patient.No probs with ordering to go.There are coupons available on Restaurant.com for this place.  Save more money by trying the lunch specials.
2	Not impressed.Expensive, mediocre food. Slow waitress.Okay... not INCREDIBLY expensive, but not worth it for average food.
3	This place is just okay. Went there for "linner" today. Pretentious decor - bottles of olive oil, large decorational jars of pasta etc arranged in open-faced cabinetry right in the middle of the seating area (dividing it into two), coupled with giant neon "Fat Tire" and other beer signs suiting a sports bar more than this type of place. I ordered the athenian yeeros pita. Wife had rigatoni. She said hers tasted bog average. Her salad was a boring green salad with raw mushrooms and a dollop of dressing. I asked for fries with my pita and that's what I got - mostly dry shoestring fries that looked like they came straight out of an Ore-Ida pack, along with a container of ketchup (exactly what you go get when you're at In-N-Out). The best thing about the meal was the pita - hot and fresh. Inside the pita was yeeros meat and a crapload of onion. That's it. No tzatziki, no tomato. And I didn't ask for any since I was starving and we had to get to Costco before it closed. Waiter was okay, kept our drinks filled etc, no problem there, but this place gets precisely three stars - nothing great, nothing abysmal. Flatline. PS: See if you can spot my wife's review.
2	You know when you have that gut feeling and you ignore it anyway?  Well, I should have listened to my gut.  My husband has been going on about trying this place for sometime now.  He's always looking for a new "hole-in-the-wall" spot and unfortunately, you sometimes have to try a lot of them before you get something good.  I won't say that Mike's was bad OR good.  In fact, it was about the most mediocre I've seen in a while.  I tried the spaghetti with meat sauce.  I opted for rigatoni instead of spaghetti and it was cooked "al dente" so that was a bonus, but other than that, I'd say the dish was a 13-year old's attempt in a cooking class.  My starter salad consisted of iceberg lettuce, some mushroom pieces and some green pepper.  A little tub of dressing sat on the side.  It was pitiful.  The focaccia they brought at the beginning had a little hummus dip that was ok, but the bread was either over toasted or stale.At least one bonus came from this experience: I get to cross it off the husband's list of places to try and can confirm that it's going to be a solid "no" from me if he wants to go again.
3	I visited Mike's for lunch yesterday.  It's ..... nice.  It has that non-chain, take it easy vibe.  One of the things that I really like is the space.  I'm noticing that I mention that a lot in my reviews.  i suppose I just really do not like it when I feel crammed into a table during my meal.  I don't want to worry about someone bumping into the back of my head and my accidental death by fork rammed into my larynx.  Now that you have that image...The food seemed more Italian than Greek to me.  When we order chicken parm, mozzarella sticks, garlic bread, and chicken marsala...I'm just not feeling the Greek side.  There was hummus.  The food was good, the pasta the right soft, the chicken tender, but not that -oh-my-god-i-can't-wait-to-return good.The service was also "good"  we were greeted right away, she was friendly, drinks were refilled, she happily took back my salad and replaced it after I looked at it with shock and dismay (I would have never guessed that the salad would be covered in mushrooms), our leftovers were boxed and bagged for us......but now, I've been eating out a lot this week and I'm going to have to stay home and eat the leftovers!
5	this place is awesome. went there on valentines night. it's quaint & charming. great service. an extensive greek & italian menu. and no, there was no skimping on portions or flavor just because it's caters to two different types of food. the food is very authentic and very good. i ordered a veal plate with sauteed vegetables. we ordered mussels in garlic/wine sauce and some type of cheese for an appetizer. maybe feta?  the mussels were the best i've ever had and i'm from new england. i've eaten plenty of mussels.  for $10, there must've been atleast 30 mussels on the plate. and this is the appetizer. i';ve ordered mussels at restaurants & sports bars and got about 10  mussels for the same price for about 30 here. and these were by far the best.  the free bread & hummus is excellent. they give you this with every meal. they have italian and greek desserts. the baklava was very good. also had an eclair. this food is not average like olive garden & red lobster. it's well worth going to the arrowhead area. there are also 2 brothers who are new owners. the food is thoughtfully prepared. not rushed and not one duplicate plate after another like other restaurants. the white sauce seafood pizza is outstanding. a good place with good service and good ambiance. the prices are under what they should be. alot of the dinners whether it's chicken, veal, or pasta were all around $11, the most expensive was around $13. and of course, there's cheaper things depending what kind of food you want.
3	Best homemade fried mozzarella cheese sticks I've had in a long time!  Pizza dough is thick and homemade with plenty, and I mean plenty of fresh baked bread flavor coming through.Odd mixture of Greek and Italian foods at this restaurant.  Hummus with the complimentary bread isn't so great.  Depending on what you order, though, it could be a great meal.  Hit and miss.  Service is inconsistent.
3	We had dinner at Mike's Rigatoni last night.It's a decent looking independent Italian & Greek food spot, but in my opinion, the prices (approx $15/dish) are more reflective of a fancy fine-dining establishment, which the interior of Mike's does not reflect. It's more of a casual spot.The service was good.Their house wines were Yellowtail, which is fine as they were quite acceptable to drink, but I would've preferred if they had some Italian wines or at least some California Italian style wines as their "house" selections.The food was A-OK (hence the 3 star rating). We had some good spinach manicotti with alfredo sauce and the eggplant parmesan. Both dishes were pretty good, but I don't think I'll go out of my way to go visit Mike's again.
3	I wanted pizza.  Not Chicago, deep-dish, but thin crust pizza.  I took a shot in the dark and picked Mike's for my 1st Glendale pizza experience.  It was just OK.  More pan pizza than thin.  The search continues...
4	I ate at Mike's this past Friday night.  Down home feel in a shopping center.  Decor was dated but classic Italian.  Has a very homey feel.  Food was good but not great.  Service was excellent.  My sausage/pasta dish was unique and very good.  My wife's Halibut and pasta was average.  They comped us a desert when they found we were from the East Valley and it was our first time.  I would go again because I like the old school atmosphere and the food and service were good.
1	My food came to the table 5 minutes after I ordered it as if the magic food fairy knew what I was going to order and started cooking it before I arived!  Wow I mean at least they could of microwaved my food.  The food was not cooked to order it was over priced and mediocre at best as far as Italian goes.  I'm still in shock over getting what clearly was pre made sauces and pre made chicken for 12 bucks a plate.  The service was lousy also the waitress who sat us waited 15 minutes to ask us what we wanted to drink she should have did thy when she sat us down.  This place just makes me sad
3	I have been wanting to come here for a few months now and finally took the plunge for a late lunch.  Upon walking in I noticed there was dust all in the rafters near the ceiling.  But the place was decorated nicely so that didn't hold me back.  The prices were very cheap I thought, I got the lasagna which came with a salad for only $8.  That's a bargain to me.  The  pasta was very tasty and was the highlight of my experience.  The server was harldly ever around besides to take the order and to drop off the bill.  Overall the place was OK, I will give it another shot again and maybe my views will change.
3	Not the same since Mike sold it and moved on to his latest venture in Surprise.  I have been eating at his ever changing locations since he was tucked in the corner at 35th Ave and Greenway, years ago.  Anyway, went with the family a few weeks ago.  Service was good, bread was good but not very warm, food was excellent.  Even my picky grandmother enjoyed her meal, that is saying something. Deserts could have used a bit more...something.Overall not bad, but not the same old Mikes.
3	Really only okay.  Portion size was not big for the price.  No even with coupons is this a good deal.  I would pass again.  Also, not a good place for kids.
5	We have only eaten here for lunch, and it's a favorite of mine.  They have a friendly staff and great Greek and Italian food. The prices for lunch are very reasonable for the amount of food you get.  I can eat a lot, and I always have to get a to go box :)
3	Walking by, the strong smell of garlic told me this would be a place worth trying.  Had lunch consisting of manicotti and a Greek salad.  The salad was huge, and good.  The manicotti was good, but a little on the bland side, which I thought surprising given my initial comment.  Our server commented that everything was made from scratch ... another plus.  Overall, I'd say worth a try.
2	Mike's used to be a very good restaurant where the food and service were excellent.  Recently we had pizza, pasta and salad, all of which were just okay. To make matters worse, the server was surly. The prices are just too high for an unpleasant experience.
5	The best Italian food on Bell Rd! This place will surprise you. Great food, service and location. The lasagna is thee BOMB also try the Greek Wings. I lobed them and also suggest you try the marinara with bread sticks. It is to die for!Enjoy!
5	I have been back twice.
2	Went to Mike's tonight for the first time with my wife.  Nice little mom and pop run atmosphere...and thus ends anything worth writing home about.  Don't get me wrong - it wasn't bad.  Just wasn't great.My wife and I are 25.  What does that mean?  Instant assumption that our tip is going to be low.  What does that result in?  Our waitress catering to a big table next to ours (she visited 3 times before coming to greet us - as in pick up plates and talk, come back offer dessert and talk, then come back to talk to some more) over ours.  I've worked in the restaurant industry.  I know how it goes.  Their ticket was higher, their tip is thus higher.  Reasonable to assume it should take 5 minutes to greet?  Eh. Food was so/so.  At a plate average of somewhere around $12 it was a bit expensive.  I'd frequent if it were somewhere around $8.  Though it's doubtful I'll ever try this place again perhaps I ordered the wrong item.  The chicken in the chicken kalamata was very much on the tough side.  Sort of the consistency of chicken that has been rewarmed after it is initially cooked.  Not worth the $12.99.  Coulda/shoulda been around $6.99.Not a bad evening though could have been better.  I had high hopes for Mike's!  Atmosphere was nice and the food was alright but it's doubtful I'll be returning anytime soon - at least until I'm  over the age of 40 and garner a little respect from the waitstaff.
2	It had been a while since I had been to Mike's so I was excited when the Groupon was available.  We ended up getting multiple Groupons for them...which I now regret.The food is the same as it always was...good....the chicken is oddly thin...but the taste is good.Here's what I have learned that is supremely disappointing.  If you go in with kids you are pretty much shunned and ignored.  The waiter who greeted us simply held up four fingers to us.  I said yes.  He walked to the table and looked back to us.  Apparently, we weren't going fast enough because he just laid the menus on the table and walked away.  It continued like this...we had to get up to ask for the check.  The waitress only came to our table to bring our food, and the boxes and check.  She NEVER checked in on us.  This is how it is any time we go in with children.  There were 7 other table occupied while we were in...two others with kids...I watched and it was the same for them!
5	We found the place by Zen navigation so I expected it to be perfect. My cohort wasn't as stoked but still leaning toward a great night. We nabbed an older couple to ask where we could find some Greek food since we had a craving quickly moving into Jonesing territory and didn't want to do any "settling" on this day. Luckily our navigation technique landed us in the general vicinity of Bell and 83rd Ave and these kind folks recommended Mike's. It was like magic! (I may have heard angels once or twice) I found the chicken I've been searching for since my unforgettable Sicilian chicken encounter at a religious festival in Omaha years ago! My taste buds have come home again! They are still slightly confused as to why we couldn't just sleep there, but the kind waiter was able to create a diversion with a care package for my taste buds with some baklava, known to tame even the most unruly beasts who are especially well known for their penchant for finding good filo dough. And now we're all happy.
5	I got the Chicken pesto pannini and the calamari for lunch - they were both awesome. the server told me they made everything from scratch.  Great service, friendly people.The only thing I didn't like was the mushrooms on my pannini - they were long strips of mushroom and I'm not a huge mushroom fan.  So I just pulled them off and it was great!  But that's more of a personal preference thing.
4	Delish!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Everything was AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	I have always been pleased with my lunches at Mike's and have been eating here for years!  So good that I went back a week later to order my usual.My usual is the Chicken Pesto panini sandwich and it was delicious as always. Served on a crusty baguette, the grilled chicken breast is topped with deep fried portobello mushrooms, cheese and red peppers.  Enough to take home some leftovers.A generous sized Greek salad cheese is served with the sandwich and is very tasty.  It's made with feta cheese, fresh greens and veggies.To end the meal I had two of Mike's delicious canolis (a deal at only 1.99) plus some very good coffee.  I like mini desserts - less calories and cheaper.
4	I was tempted to visit Mike's by the "Best Lamb Shank in Town" sign outside their front door. Unfortunately, the first time my husband and I visited the restaurant, they were out of lamb! Still, we stayed and leaned on the advice of our overly helpful but well meaning waiter.He recommended the Saganaki (Greek kefalograviera Cheese dipped in a very light batter baked in Butter and flamed with Ouzo) which was served with pita bread and was absolutely delicious and the perfect start to the meal. We shared a delicious Greek Salad while waiting for our entrees and had time to take in the dining area. It was close to closing time, but the strip mall appearance from the outside simply didn't do the interior justice. The restaurant feels authentically to be a mix of Greek/Italian cuisine and culture. For the duration of the meal, I forgot that I was sitting in a strip mall in the NW valley.For our entrees, my husband had the Baked Sea-Food Shells ($14.99 Fresh pasta shells filled with ricotta, feta, mizithra fontina topped with shrimps, bay scallops, fresh basil and baked with marinara and mozzarella) and was very impressed with the entire dish.I chose Veal Marsalla ($14.99 made with portobello, shiitake, porcini and cremini mushrooms in a homemade roasted veal broth with sweet Marsalla wine) after a recommendation from the waiter. As a side note, I was happy and pleasantly surprised with the option of substituting the pasta for vegetables. The veal piece was very thin and a tad overcooked, but the marsalla sauce was complex and filled with the flavors of herbs and mushrooms.We ended the meal with the Homemade Chocolate dipped Cannoli (Crisp shells filled with our sweet Ricotta cheese and topped with raspberry and chocolate syrup). They were a bit too frozen to eat right away, but one bit satisfied my sweet tooth for the night.Overall, A- for effort and ambiance!We have since been back again to Mike's to try the lamb shank, so stay tuned for that review.
2	I would give the waitress "5" stars! She was great!! The food was just "ok", however not worth the price. (the bill for 2 people came to $50, we didn't have any alcohol or dessert) The worst part was the LOUD music. People had to scream across tables to hear each other and it seemed the louder the people talked the louder the music got. I felt like I was at a major club that played opera music. I couldn't wait to get out of there. This may be to much info but "three" times I tried to use the restroom. Only one stall had a lock on the door. (that needs to be addressed.. fix your stall doors!)   Every time I went in, someone was in there. I stood there 5 mins each time waiting and then just ended up back at my table, deaf from the music and uncomfortable from all the ice tea I drank!! After dinner, my husband and I went next door for a frozen yogurt. We got our yummy treat and went to sit at the outside table to enjoy our treat. We sit down and guess what.. the opera music followed us as there are speakers outside. This was just not a good date night!I do have to say, I have 'nothing" against the type of music.. It was the volume of it!!
4	Wife and I used a Groupon tonight at Mike's and were very happy we did.  We finally found a very good Italian restaurant with great service, nice atmosphere and good food.  The wife requested a modified chicken dish with oil and garlic instead of alfredo sauce. The waiter said "no problem, we can do anything you want."  I ordered linquinie with clams in a lemon wine sauce.  I've sampled many clam dishes in the valley but this was absolutely the best I've eatne.  The portion of pasta was slightly small which was my only issue, but the cannoli for desert filled the void,  And finally, my water glass and iced tea were always full.  Never had to ask,  We will definitely make the drive across the valley to eat here again with or without a groupon.
4	We had a groupon that was going to expire soon  so after 5 years of talking about going to this place we finally went last night, and boy are we glad we did.  The Greek salads that started our dinner were fresh crisp and full of yummy veggies the feta was mild and oh so good!!  I had the ziti e bisi and it was soooo tasty I couldn't stop eating it,  husband had the Yeeros platter, his only complaint was the meat was skimpy,  but he said very tasty and the lemon potatoes that came with his were really good as well,  excellent taziki sauce and the hummus dip that comes with the foccacia bread was a welcome suprise.  A great meal we will be back
5	First time there and the food was great and the service was good.  Will have to try them again as this was our first time there and they weren't to busy.
5	Great homey atmosphere. Nice servers and anything you order will taste amazing. Calzones and pizza are amazing though.
2	Mediocre food that's slow to arrive.Took my teen in for her 18th birthday. Despite the fact that there was only one other table seated, the service was incredibly slow. When the food finally arrived, only the lasagna was hot (molten, even). Everything else was room temperature. Apparently they cooked all of the other plates *then* baked the lasagna for about 15 minutes while the rest of the order sat out getting cold. Even if the food had been served hot I don't think it would have been anything to rave about. The chicken marsala was thin and dry inside. The sauce was cold and congealing. The vegetables looked like they were fresh about a week before. Bread was hard and bland. Atmosphere: Strip mall storefront trying to be Streets of New York. To top it off, the waiter - who only had 1 other table - forgot to bring out the complimentary b-day dessert the hostess offered, despite his being told twice that it was her b-day (once by us and once by the hostess). It wasn't the worst restaurant I've been to but in these tight times, I won't be recommending it to anyone. Me and mine won't be going back either. Too many other places with better food and service out there.
4	food was really good. service was excellent.
2	Went here last night and the night started ok. There were only 3 other people in the place and we had the worst service ever. No drink refills or help! The mangaer/owner she didn't show any care when i talked to her and i will never eat here again. Also you could hardly get into the rest rooms because of the clutter of tables and chairs.Food was ok but nothing to write home about or worth the price they were charging. No wonder they rely on coupons to get people in to their place.also becareful with their happy hour specials as i asked for a $2.00 special and she brought me out a large draft and then charged me more saying i didn't ask for a bottled beer.Horrible management and tactics! BEWARE!!!
2	Used to go to Mike's when he first opened it a little strip mall on Dunlap.  A friend of ours was his chef.  Followed him for years and then lost touch so was glad to see he was still in business.  But...It's overrated.  Slow service.  Good waiter.
4	Food is pretty good, service could be better, been going here for 10 years. The Manicotti is my favorite meal with Italian wedding soup. Anyone that goes there, get this combination, it will definitely fill you up!
1	The joint is closed!
2	I want to love this place, but they don't make it easy. I come to this restaraint often, simply because I like the idea of supporting a nice family run business in my area. I eat out a lot, so it would be nice to have a regular haunt to hit up at lunch time. The problem is that Mike's isn't it. They are so inconsistent with their food, and especially their service, That it turns into a gamble whether or not it's going to be a nice experience. The girls that wait the tables are very friendly and have good service, the older Hispanic gentlemen that waits tables is flat rude. Every single time, without fail I get a disgusted look and hurried service from him for no reason- I am polite, I order the same general things each time, and I tip appropriately..be nice to your regulars, so they continue to be regulars! The food can be truly fantastic at times, with the pasta salad being my favorite. The problem again is that it's inconsistent; sometimes I'll go and the pasta in the salad is noticeably undercooked (like "I can't eat this" undercooked). Other times the vegetables in the salad are not fresh. Then the next time you go it's dead on perfect. What gives man. The pasta entrees are ok, nothing to write home about. I go for the sandwhiches which are all decent. Like I said, my expectations weren't that high here, all Mike's had to be was consistently enjoyable- not incredible- to keep a regular local customer base. They just didn't have it though, unfortunately, and they went out of business for it.
