5	I work with several people who take their cars here and its close to work so I thought I would give them a try. I had to have my car towed there this morning. Shannon gave me a number to a great tow truck guy (Ernie with EC Towing) who charged me $60 FLAT RATE (no mileage charges) so already I am happy with ATD. Turns out I needed a new starter which they installed the same day. I dropped my car off at 9, picked it up at 3:00 the same day without an appointment and the rates were VERY reasonable. I've changed out starters before so I was more than happy with their labor rate/time it took. They also fixed something else for free...it was nothing big but they did it without charging me just because they were already under the hood. I'd give them 6 stars if I could. I have found my new mechanic! Thanks guys!
5	ATD has always gone way beyond what is normally expected to help me with my automotive repairs.  They were able to fixed the AC in my truck and get me back on the road within one day during the middle of the summer when I was traveling from Southern California to Utah and then through Phoenix.  They also do great work on the fabrication and repairs for my sandcar.  They are knowledgeable, helpful and honest.  I highly recommend ATD to anyone for automotive repairs and off-road fabrication. Thanks Craig, Shannon and the rest of the crew at ATD for the great work you do.
5	Awesome service at a reasonable price.
5	Just had the "death wobble" fixed on my jeep. All staff was super knowledgeable, extremely courteous and the price for the new part and labor was most reasonable. I will definitely be back with any other vehicles. Overall, great prompt service, great prices, and awesome staff. Will be back for sure.Thanks ATD!!
5	I had a ton of doubt built up from other GC owners about the reliability of a Hemi GC after a valve job. From the glowing referral, to the pickup the staff and mechanics were second to none. Craig was extremely knowledgable, clean, and professional in every aspect. The GC is running better than when I bought her 2 years ago. Easily said, the GC and my Wrangler will be going to Craig for any needs.
