4	I rented with them for 3 years, and they always promptly fixed everything (including a new garbage disposal and new washer dryer combo!), and I got ALL of my deposit back (except $45 for forgetting to clean out the oven) although I did make sure to really clean my apartment before I left).I would rent with them again if I hadn't just bought a house! They are one of the best landlords I have had (although they do make you clean the carpets professionally before you move out)...
1	Found their rental ad on a zillow or trulia and received a call back from Keenan Gerson and set-up an appointment to see a house later that day.  We arrived on-time but Mr. Gerson was 15 minutes late.  Looked at the house and liked it but was very vague on answers.  He told us to just apply online.  So, I tried to do that but was not able to complete the application process after many failed attempts.  The next day I called their office and a lady answered and said that Mr. Gerson was in, then she came back on the line and told me he was not and wanted me to leave a message.  I did leave a message and never received a call back since.  Good thing because I found an awesome property elsewhere with great people showing the house.  Also, its about $35-$40 application fee for each person going to live at the house, non-refundable.  Just a heads up to all who are out there looking to use their services.
1	There is nothing these people can't screw up.  They are all nice enough but they just aren't on the ball.  I use them to manage my rental property and it is a constant struggle.  Its been 3 years and I still can't get them to call me before authorizing repairs.  Don't even get me started on their rental process, their rent collection process, or screening process.  Everything is a total clusterfuk with awful communication.  If you use them to manage your property just pray you get a dream tenant that never leaves.
1	I live next to a rental home managed by Gerson.  For years, our neighbors have trashed the house.  They never clean up after their dogs.  The yard is 2-3 foot tall weeds and full of junk.  Old, broken down junk in the backyard is a breeding ground for rats, and the yard has become roof rat central for our neighborhood.  I contacted the property owner, with pictures of the mess, who passed on the info to the company.  They apparently set up an appointment with the renters to come inspect the house.  This gave the renters enough time to trim the weeds and throw their junk in the shed and garage.  When they showed up for the inspection, they told the owner everything was fine (it wasn't, there were still broken appliances and a broken hot tub out back that rats were living in).  There was no follow up.  A couple months later, all the junk was back out, spread across the yard, and the weeds were overgrown again.  After months of the yard being like this, I complained again.  They set up another appointment - same thing.  From now on, I'm just reporting code violations to the city.  Gerson does not do their job and check on the properties, and they don't follow up on complaints (again, I had pictures to prove the condition of the yard).  I'll just let the city deal with them and hope they get fined.
3	They did their best to help me with our disaster of a tenant and transition me to a new property management company.
1	This is a terrible management company. Don't expect your deposit back. They will nickel and dime you until they have all of it. They prey on college students. Shame on them!
