4	Great Deli. Boars head meats and cheeses. Nice thick sandwiches. Man size portions. I love the turkey, swiss, slaw and russian on rye. Wine selection is great too. These gentlemen take their food and wine seriously. I can appreciate that.
4	I like the Boar's Head deli inside this store.I have stopped in to buy some quick necessities (usually booze).Convenient location, and beats running in to a grocery store just for beer/wine, but the alcohol prices are a little high.
4	Well, I've been here 3 times and I feel as though I've gained enough knowledge about the place to give a good and thorough review.  I've gotta say they have quality ingredients, and that makes for some very tasty deli food.  I've tried the sandwiches twice. Both times, the amount of oil/vinegar made for a slightly messy sandwich when I unwrapped it.  They were still very good sandwiches and perfect if you want a sandwich for lunch, but have had enough of the same old Subway and Port of Subs sandwiches.  The best thing I've had is the pizza.  The dough, pizza sauce, and cheese alone make for an incredible pizza.  It wasn't greasy and tasted like a quality homemade pizza.  I will most certainty be ordering pizza from here again in the near future.  Honestly the best pizza I've had since I've been in Vegas (4.5 years).  The reasons I cannot give 5 stars are as follows: Sometimes, the people working there, seem as though they don't know themselves what is on the menu.  This hasn't kept them from getting the order right though, so it's not that big of a deal.  The amount of toppings on the pizza was slightly lacking.  They were quality toppings, but I think they just need to be slightly more generous.  Finally, the prices are slightly too high.  I would say that if they lowered they're prices by 10%, I would be eating here almost every other day.  Their alcohol also seems a bit overpriced.  I worry that this will hurt them from being a successful business and I will lose what has now become my favorite pizza joint.
5	I eat here for lunch at least three times a week.  Since  have mentioned it to my co-workers, I have half my dealership getting sandw. from this place.  By far the best quality italian sub I've had since Fontano's in Chicago.  Trust me the deli is excellent!
5	I got a Groupon for this place...  It's so good!  I've had the meatball sub and it was amazing...  Just eat it before it gets soggy!  The server recommended it.  Also they have a sandwich card and you get a stamp for every sandwich you get.  Get 10 stamps and get a free regular sized sub.  And how could I forget about the pizza...  It is so good.  Really!  You gotta try it.  So much flavor!
1	1 star at best, but it really only deserves 1/2. I used a groupon to try this place out since I wasn't sure it would be good and I am glad I did because it wasn't worth my money. I had a meatball hero and my hubby had the Classic Italian sub. The meatball was cold, soggy, the meatballs looked undercooked and overall flavorless. Nothing special. The meatball sub at Firehouse is WAY better. It's great that they have Boar's Head meat, but they missing pizazz to make them stick out from all the other sub shops. I did not try their pizza so I don't know if its any good. The store is basically a convenience liquor store with a Boar's Head Deli that also makes pizza. A weird combo if you ask me. I felt like I was in a gas station. I won't be back.
3	The sandwich shop part is awesome! It is also a great place that price matches the large grocery stores on liquor. Friendly and fast on call in orders.
5	I stop in because I love sandwiches, and I am on a quest to find a good deli here in Vegas.  House of Vino is off the Strip a little hidden gem, and they sell these mouth watering deli sandwiches with fresh cut meats and cheeses and all the fresh sides you could put on a sandwich.  Along with their deli they have a huge selection of wine from all over as well as other alcohol.  But if your looking for a great deli- you found it here!
4	So this is another little neighborhood spot I like to visit. I come here regularly to grab one of their sandwiches. They have a good group of sandwiches with fresh mozzarella , meats, marinated peppers, etc. Just good stuff I tell ya.The pizza? Avoid em if you're looking for killer pizza. It is not bud but he dough is pre-baked so its nothin fancy.As for the rest of the store? It's a little overpriced corner liquor store..what do you expect?You gotta get in there for a sandwich..good little spot for something different.
5	Been going here since I found out about it. Great deli. Good selection of beer and great service. I'd rather go here than Capriotti's.
1	This place sucks. Way over priced on everything. Any wine or stiff drinks can be found at Albertsons  just up the street way cheaper. The sandwiches have nothing on  capriotti's a few miles away. At best House of Vino is a 7-11 with out the gas.
5	Great place to pick up some beverages and a specialty pizza or Boar's Head deli meat.
3	A hole in the wall deli...hiding in a liquor shop...that resembles a 7-11!These sandwiches were delicious, and the deli meats are cut fresh to order!  The sandwich bread is very soft and flavorful....actually surprisingly good here!  Pic of the sandwiches :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/house-of-vino-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#WahTzCO8IAWnK2FxiUI8eAThe portions are decent, "large" size was about 8-9in, and the meats and cheeses were plentiful and yummy. The prices were a little on the high end though, around $9-10 a pop.  Especially taking into consideration of the location, I feel like they were a bit overpriced.I walked around the store area while I was waiting, and it seemed like their liquor and wine as also spendy.  I didn't expect Lees/Total prices, but was hoping for grocery store prices, and it was still higher than that.Overall, this is a decent spot to hit if you are on this side of town, far NW on Durango near Grand Teton, but I wouldn't drive all the way across town for it.
3	This place was strange. But good. Read on...We got a groupon, $10 for $20, and thought, 'why not'? Well, they advertised pizzas, but didn't have any that particular day. So we got sandwiches. It only took the little old sandwich chef 20 minutes to make two sandwiches. And we were the only people in the store. The prices were a bit hefty. If not for the groupon they would've been way outside of our budget. And once you get them there is not place to sit. We ate ours in the hot, hot, hot car sitting outside of the Taco Bell next door.But I gotta say, despite the wait and price, the sandwiches were very, very good. I got the Godfather. 11.99 for a large, but filled with prosciutto, mortadella, capicola, salami, provalone, veggies, etc. It was gooooood. Almost a little to rich, all those crazy meats. A word to the wise, make sure the dressing comes on the side, or else the bread gets soggy fast.Sarie got the Cali club with turkey avocado and Swiss; 8.99 for a large. It was good as well. Put the mustard on the side.Now these sandwiched weren't really all that large, but they were as dense as a collapsing supernova. My goodness, the little old sandwich chef must've but these babies in a headlock then done an atomic Indian rug burn to twist and roll all that meat into the size it was. And of that, I am a fan. I will get another groupon and go back, but now I know to bring it home lest the Manager at Taco Bell calls the cops on us. Or maybe House of Vino could spring for a table and chairs and umbrella??? Or maybe I'll just bring my own, dammit!
2	This place has a lot of promise but fails to deliver.  They use a great product, Boar's Head meats for their sandwiches.  The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).  This place left my wallet empty and wanting more sandwich and value for my dollar.  I DO NOT recommend.
1	Very expensive liquor and a horrible wine selection. A bottle of good vodka or cognac is easily $10 or more per bottle.  Before ownership changed the wine selection was OK now it's comparable to 7-11. I hear the food is good however.  Smh
1	I went to redeem my 10 for 20 only to find out that what I ordered was only 11.99 and I would lose the rest of my coupon. Tried to order a small sandwich on the menu but that is no longer an option. I was offered meat as a substitute because they refused to cut a whole roll in half for my 5 year old daughter so she could get a small. I feel totally jerked around and will not purchase another coupon or eat at this establish again. All they wanted was for me to buy more than I wanted or needed and pay additional money. Learned another valuable lesson.
5	Sandwiches in this place are deliciouse, yes a little on the expensive side but worth it.....   Mondays and Fridays are two for one days....I go in once a week or so, order a sandwich or two and play video poker while I wait. (And yes the other reviews are correct, it takes a bit to make the sandwiches but worth it)   The video poker machines are good. Sometimes I win lunch, sometimes lunch costs me $60.    The staff is good, they remember faces and appreciate return customers. I will continue to go there over subway for my sandwiches and hopefully one of there days hit four of a kind.....  Oh and yes, there whiskey prices are a little higher than Albertsons but I would rather give a little more money to a family business than a big company.....
5	This place is awesome! Great staff and some of the best subs I've ever had! They also use Boar's Head deli meats, and some of the freshest ingredients!Also: -Monday/Tuesday they have buy one get one free deal for the subs. -Friday is the buy one get one half off-Any other day you can use the $10 dollar Yelp coupon worth $20 towards the subs (basically like their Monday/Tuesday deal of a buy one get one free)The lady working there (think she was the owner) was super courteous and friendly! She also took the buy one get one free Yelp coupon without me having to print it! Thank you again, and I will be back at least once a week!
5	This little place is a gem! The Boars Head deli is fabulous! Bea will always help you pick out a wonderful wine based on what you're looking for. They have fun wine and beer tasting and several convenience items such as TP and snack food and ice. Love this place!
5	This place is God's gift to us. Real food. Healthy. Sinful & worth it. It was so good I forgot to take pictures. This place was hiding from me. So glad & thankful I found it. Try some of everything it's all good u won't be disappointed.
5	I love this place there sandwiches are fantastic much better than the other choices I go there at least once a week and the staff is always super fast and friendly and never have I been dissatisfied I strongly recommend this place to anyone
5	My wife and I are from PHILLY and when it comes to sandwiches, we know what good is. This establishment makes a 5 star sandwich, hoagie, sub or whatever else you want to call it.  They pack the roll with top quality meats and cheeses that are so yummy you can't stop eating, even when your stuffed. The portions are more than ample. A large sandwich is plenty for two people. As an added bonus, if you purchase the yelp coupon for $10 and spend $20 or more you receive $10 off the bill. (I assume this refers to sandwiches, only). In any event, offering 50 per cent off is a major sacrifice for a small business. Especially in this inflationary market. For us, it was a win, win situation. and we felt it was only right to return their generosity by spending a little extra and TIPPING the nice lady who made the sandwiches. BTW, while I was waiting for my sandwich the board of health inspected the place and replaced their already existing A-rated cert with a more current A-rated cert. If you can recognize a good deal and appreciate an immaculate eatery with high quality deli meat, and large portions I highly recommend the House of Vino.
3	Sandwiches were good. Excellent selection of beer. Priced a little high. Will go back for the two for one specials on Monday and Tuesday.
3	I thought I would go check our their deli after reading a few reviews. My normal sub stop is Capriotti's. I chose to go on Tuesday as I heard they have two for one's on Monday and Tuesday. They do but only on a select few. Ofcourse it wasn't our selections! So, 26.00 dollars later, I take the two subs home (Roast Beef and a Ham n Cheese). I would have to say the subs were ok but just ok. Quality meat and ingredients but does not compare to my regular place and almost double the cost.
3	Service was below averageFood was averageOver priced. I had the Joey, it was a little dry. I also had the italian, it was good but not $9 good Fortunately i went on a monday, buy one get one free. If i come back for a second try, it'll definitely be on a Monday or Tuesday for their sale price.
