5	I have had around 20 root canals and went to Dr. Krygier for the first time Dec. 18th. Immediately made me feel comfortable and is very quick. he uses a microscopic procedure and I do not think the other endo's I have been to use this technique. I am  a very nervous dental patient and I can honestly say he made me very comfortable. He is my guy for root canals from now on!
5	From the moment you step into Dr. Krygier's office [The Root Canal Guy], every detail has been organized to make your root canal day an immensely positive and stress-free experience! When you walk-in, even as a new patient, you are greeted by name by a very upbeat staff member, smiling and welcoming.. Within minutes you are taken to a perfectly clean but comfortable room, your chart is already up on the very large and readable monitors, they have everything ready to go, like they have been thinking about you personally all day!! Dr. Krygier's skill is amazing and his  assistant's as well, perfectly in sync with each other, they explain each procedure step, ensuring that you are completely aware and at ease throughout the appointment. If you have had previous root canals, you have to experience The Root Canal Guy for yourself to understand just how good it can be. A perfect 10.
5	Found myself in horrible discomfort this weekend with a root canal gone bad...the dentist who had previously treated me did not complete the job properly and I got a terrible infection. On the recommendation of my new and truly wonderful dentist Dr. Joh, I was referred to Dr. Krygier's office. They were nothing short of amazing from the first impression...even offering to stay late to see me as a brand new patient?!! Huge thumbs up! I was really worried about a good result after the train wreck one I had experienced. Dr. Krygier was on time and was extremely honest with his treatment recommendation. His team was so welcoming and immediately made me feel at ease which meant a lot to me! Although I hope NOT to see them again anytime soon (no offense)....if a root canal could possibly be pleasant this is as good as it gets!
