3	The rooms are quite nice at this hotel. They are spacious and comfortable and bathed in rich tones and colors.  Where this hotel lacks is in the service, which is almost deplorable in its laxity.  Check-in wait can be as long as two hours.
4	The location is excellent -- right near the Bellagio fountains and the Paris hotel, very centrally located on the Strip. I recommend staying at the Deluxe Non-Smoking Room with Fountain Square View & Marble Bathroom about 450 Sq Ft. The view was Breathtaking, seeing the Bellagio fountain and Paris Eiffel tower in your face!!. The king-sized bed was exceptionally comfortable for a hotel bed.This property is soon to become the Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino, and was still under renovation when I was here. I'm sure going to miss The Arabian nights-theme. The Casino floor was very noisy with construction....but I didn't care, you don't go to Las Vegas to stay at the same Casino thats Ridiculous. I Grabbed a Bargain for 79 bucks a Night for the Deluxe...booked it for Two Nights. Good Times ;)
4	This place has a great bathroom. There is a big bathtub that is great to relax in before heading out for the night... or possibly for romance purposes; no jets, but great none the less. The shower is separate from the bath, the toilette has its own little room, the counter for the sink is nice and big, and there are double doors that open up into this better than usual hotel bathroom. The rest of the room is fairly standard, but overall the place felt clean and deserves a return visit.
4	If I had a genie, I'd wish for a tacky hotel too...Okay, it's not really tacky. It's probably the third nicest theme hotel on the Strip that I can think of (actually, there are only three themed hotels on the Strip that I can think of ). The first two being The Venetian and Paris. You could also include Caesar's and Luxor, but they're hardly an experience. Aladdin is closer to the latter in that the surroundings are themed, but the stores are not. They have an ABC Store here! Anything from Hawaii is awesome.I heard they were planning to redo this place into a Planet Hollywood hotel. Sad, considering they just remodeled it into what it is now. Aladdin seems to consistently offer deals and lower rates than it's neighbors.I wouldn't mind trying the buffet. I've heard nothing but good things.
4	The rooms are very nice for the price that I got the hotel for. $50 a night on Weds and Thurs. It was being renovated and being converted to Planet Hollywood. There wasn't big construction going on but the front of Desert Passage had walls up to shield the construction. Check in was a pain to find as it was located up on the 2nd floor and the area was tiny. Valet is definately the way to go.The room was large, it had a chair, armoire, table, and a writing desk with two queen beds. (Or was it full?)  The bathroom had a tub, large vanity counter, seperate toilet in a room, and a stand in shower all enclosed within its own room with double doors. How many other hotels offer that? The room was cleaned in the morning with fresh towels, bottled water, and remade beds. I would definately come here again to stay with the price that I paid, it was unbelievable.The location was a big plus also. Right in the middle of the Strip and walking distance to all other major resorts. The Bellagio, Paris, etc.  The Spice Market buffet was absolutely delicious also.
4	I have to say, this is probably my favorite hotel (based on room only) in Vegas -- I've also stayed at Caesar's Palace and MGM Grand.  The room was really nice with floor-to-ceiling windows and a great view of the strip, a big, comfy bed and a ginormous bathroom.  I didn't find the service to be bad, but we checked in pretty late at night, so there was no wait, and didn't spend all that much time hanging around the hotel.  The pools here are nice, and less crowded than some other hotels.
3	Given the cost, the rooms are quite spacious - enough room for a couch.  The hotel is under construction...I think as it turns into a Planet Hollywood property (didn't they realize that the restaurant concept didn't work?).  So the hotel is a little bit of a mess and there are all of these strange open spaces.  Generally, the facilities are fine with decent restaurants and things like that.  There were tons of advertisements about Pink's hot dogs, and the hotel made it seem like there was a real Pink's there...  But it was really just Pink's hot dogs at the hotel cafe; it just wasn't quite the same...
1	What could i possibly say that would be good about this hotel? Oh wait... i can't. This hotel SUCKS ASS!! I stayed here for a business trip for a MAC makeup class in Ceasars Palace and i called ahead of time to make sure they were done with the construction since it's being rennovated and changed into the Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino. Of course my friend and i were assured on the phone that the major construction was done and we would really notice anything except for MINOR things here and there... oh, okay if you'd call these things minor...*the elevator we requested to be close to was CLOSED*3 of the 5 resturants were CLOSED*the escalators were CLOSED*over HALF of the casino was CLOSED*our upgraded "rooms with a view" of the Bellagio fountains we paid extra for online through swavacations.com just so happen to be an extra $75 a night after arriving at the hotel.. "excuuuuuuse me, what?!?!"*the room service i ordered the day of the class showed up 20 minutes later than estimated evem AFTER i explained to them i was on a business trip and it was EXTREMELY important that my food get there on time or early and they said "we'll do everything we can to get it up there early."The service in the resturants was shit, the customer service was shit, i would NEVER stay there again even if the bastards paid me. Don't stay at the Aladdin, don't stay at Planet Hollywood (the went bankrupt for a reason...)
5	Big improvement over what was here before.  Lot's of fun play and great shops.
4	I'm giving this place four stars cause it was much better than what i had expected.  I got a smoking optional room, cause I checked in early and the room wasn't at all smelly as I had imagined.  The service was friendly, and the room service food was actually very good.  For a standard sized room the tub in the bathroom was quite big and can fit two long legged people =)  The only  thing i didnt' like here was their sports bar, that was pretty lame.  Besides that, the mall was large and pleasant.
4	Great location, okay rooms but good value.
3	I have delayed in posting this review so the descriptions may not be accurate. My visit was actually less than 24 hours and it was on 11/02/06. So here we go...When you arrive at the Aladdin, you wonder to yourself, am I staying at a Hotel/Resort/Casino or am I going into a garage? I kid you not, the valet/taxi/shuttle drop off is not on the Vegas Strip and it is not under a famed porte cochere. You literally drive into what looks like a parking lot entrance. I had to ask the driver, "Is this really it?" Once I entered the building I walked through what best could be described as the employee or loading dock entrance. Truly a first for me. At the end of the corridor was a bank of elevators that takes you up to the hotel registration. As I walked to the registration desk, I realized that the remodeling was not quite complete because there were signs all over to remind me of that. Even though I arrived before the stated check-in time, the agent was able to get me a non-smoking king room.The room itself was quite nice. Actually BIG is a better way to describe it. The room had a desk, chair, armoire for TV, round table and 2 more chairs next to that, and of course the king size bed. And the best thing of it all is that there was even space around all this furniture to walk around in. The bathroom was equally large. It had a  separate bathtub and shower and vanity. I can safely say that 2 people could get ready and not get in each others way. Very convenient.As for the casino floor, The last time I visited Vegas was back in 2001 and I used to be able to brag that I never got lost on the casino floor. This place literally put me in my place. I got lost finding the exit, I got lost finding the Starbucks, and I even got lost finding the promotion booth. In fact I did not even find the promotion booth so I could get a players card. However, once I calmly walked around the floor a couple of times, I realized that the casino floor is in the center of the building and is surrounded by the shopping mall. One other thing that I noticed that the shops seem to cater to the Hawaiian tourists. For they had TWO of the ABC Stores which are famous in Hawaii as the local convenience store.So here's the bottom line. On my next trip to Sin City, I probably would not stay at the Aladdin again, but I would like to go and visit the shops and the Oyster Bar
3	I enjoyed my stay here and really enjoyed the Desert Passage shopping as well.  No problem getting a late checkout (key when you don't get to your room until 6am).  Clean room but the bathroom had NO water pressure which is awful.  There's a lot to do without having to leave the casino proper and quite a few clubs to frequent as well.  It also was relatively inexpensive given that there were a few of us staying in the room together.  It's not the best hotel I've ever stayed in but it's certainly not the worst.
4	i'm only commenting on the shopping.  it looks like a typical suburban mall but i was there this past weekend and january is clearance time so almost all the stores were having great sales.  i enjoyed myself at the ben sherman store and the service at betsey johnson was great.  it's a tiny store but the sales lady was friendly and pointed out a lot of cute things without being pushy.  i fell in love with a pair of shoes but decided to hold off until i won big money.  that didn't happen but i may  have to go to the store on fillmore...  the worst experience of the day was at sisely/benetton.  one of the sales people was aggressive, loud and pushy.  gave me a headache and made me kind of jumpy.  anything i, or any other customer in the store, went near, she raved loudly about how cute it was and then pointed out something else that was allegedly even better.  lady, i know what i like and you cannot sell me a jacket that looks almost exactly like the one i am wearing, but weirder, by scaring me.  and yes, i want this belt but please do not push 3 other yucky belts at me.  i don't 'want them, even at 50% off the sale price.  i couldn't wait to get out of there. overall, it was a good way to spend the day after drinking and gambling too much the night before and overeating at brunch, made even better by the silly hurricanes we got at fat tuesday to start another night of fun.
4	So when I do stay on the strip, I tend to stay at the aladdin cause it's a starwood property and that means I get points and better treatment with my "traveling corporate wageslave" status.  On sunday I realized I wasn't gonna be able to power through my hangover to make it till my 6AM monday flight so I called around.  They had a rate of 89 for a small room, but I wasn't picky given my pounding head and dire need of a shower.  I got there and found that things have changed a little since I was last here, gone is a lot of the desert kitsch and planet hollywood has moved in.  They are doing some serious revamping and the rooms are completely different.  I got upgraded to a nice room with a view, 2 queen beds, a sitting area and a huuuge bathroom.  All in all it was a great visit and it looks like they're putting together a really clean look to the place.  They get a  bonus star for the mask on the wall from the '82 film creepshow, and of course the upgrade.
3	This place is kind of boring and reminds me of an average mall.  A few years ago I had the buffet on Easter and it was really good.
4	Fast check-in at the front desk, not your typical 45 minute Vegas stand around while one employee works and 14 check-in desks are closed and emptied.Beautiful rooms! We loved the bathroom-really spacious and easy for two people who share the space to have needed privacy. We had a room that overlooked the fountains at the Bellagio, that was kind of cool, but they make a little noise when the show starts. Starbucks in the lobby was great. The buffet was really overpriced!! Two people cost $62.00, FOR A BUFFET!! PF Changs is really good, but allow plenty of wait time to get seated.
4	I'm not sure whether or not to refer to this Casino as The Aladdin, or Planet Hollywood. Anyway let's see how to break it down:   Room - Your standard room, clean, and nice, Still Aladdin themed, but a hint of Planet Hollywood theme as there was some movie props in our room, surprisingly the two themes didn't clash.  The bed was comfortable, the bathroom was huge, the TV a little outdated, but standard..non-smoking room was pleasant, with enough space to hold 5 people our last night (had some friends drop by).  Complimentary shampoo, conditioner, soaps, lotion.  A good experience, your typical "good" hotel.  Our room also was nice and quiet, no noise from neighbors, close by ice machine and elevators, but never heard it. Our view was decent...could see some of the strip, but obstructed by some things..11th floor.Front Desk: the line much shorter than what I've seen at other casinos, but still long enough to kind of s*ck after a flight.  The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable. I was sad we couldn't get upgraded, but that's okay.  I was told that by getting a strip view, i would lose the tub, and get only  a shower. Little did I know that it meant I was getting a room designed for the handicapped. The room itself was normal, but it meant the shower was kind of different than I was used to. I kind of wish I was a little more warned, but I made too..how often are you in your room in Vegas anyway?Casino - There was some construction going on, but it wasn't dusty, dirty, or loud anywhere..so it really was fine. And there wasn't any times where it appeared to have a safety hazard. The casino itself seemed smaller than some of the others, and lacking theme (maybe because they are still changing over).  But it's still nice inside, the lack of cashiers needs a little work though.  Oh and all the guest service people asking  my girlfriend and I "are you two married, living together, over the age of 25+?" etc...was a little annoying...we constantly had to say "No, we don't want a time-share" or something to that extent.  I mean I guess they were offering a free dinner for two if you took their two hour tour, but I passed on that.      Aladdin has some free gamers club thing where once a day you can try to win the two million dollar pull (you most likely get nothing or $10-15 if your lucky), but then you can try the 5 minute free slot play thing..which is kind of fun with friends, if anything just to see who can get higher points..and you usually can leave w/at least  a free coffee mug/tote bag/playing cards..not a bad deal for free if you ask me.  Everyone in my group got coffee mugs, 4 people got extra tote bags, one person got a free show for the V theater in the dessert passage (hey it's free why not)..i told it was decent show.  And one guy two rows from me got a comp buffet for two (damn i wish i got that one)..good free fun..the line can get long so just go during off-peak time.  Service - Normal for most hotels and casinos, friendly and fast.buffet - very good..I'll write  a review on it's own thing.Overall - yes, the walk through the dessert passage every time i wanted in the casino was slightly annoying. But the mall is pretty cool, and the ABC stores in there is a life saver for necessities w/out spending crap loads of $$$. The Aladdin was very fairly priced, for your typical quality hotel (not exactly Caesar's, but not Circus Circus either)..and it's location is very central to the strip..So I would recommend it to anyone.~G
4	I have stayed at most of the Vegas strip hotels and here are my thoughts.This is usually the bargain hotel on the strip of the NICER hotels.  The location is prime and you cannot beat that!What's nice about this hotel and separates itself from the others is that the standard rooms are equipped with a HUGE tub.  If memory serves, I think that it was even jetted.  Major plus on the bathroom in my books.The band that is featured in the hotel rocks if you like dance or TOP 40 tunes.  The hotel usually draws a younger crowd without attitude, period.The only bad thing about this hotel is if you decide to rent a car and stay here.  If you take a taxi, you should be fine.  Otherwise, you will need to park in the back and then trek about 1/4 mile through the mall dragging your suitcase on cobblestone.I do have to admit that the mall is really great, especially since there is a wonderful variety of food!TIP: If you are shopping in the mall, make sure that you grab a free coupon book near the customer service desk.  The book offers discounts on food and shopping.
5	The fact that they upgraded my room for free might have a lot to do with the Aladdin/Planet Hollywood receiving five stars.I got none of the poor service that other reviewers have mentioned, unless you count the blackjack dealer taking all my money without an apology?Our room was amazing, it overlooked the entire strip.  The hotel also had a lot of perks for staying there, including good 2 for 1 discounts at the buffets and drink deals.Plus, the location is ideal, right in the middle of the strip!Highly recommended!
4	I stayed here many times, I have to say this is one of my favorite hotel to stay at.  The staff is nice, and the rooms are clean.  If you like shopping this is the place to stay because its connected to The Desert Passage, which is a mall located next to the casino.  Beautiful place to stay at
4	They are in the process of rebranding this to a Hard Rock or that other one like Hard Rock (Planet Hollywood), but the rooms are great here.  They may all be junior suites.  Good sheets, good pillows, not a stitch in the mini bar (get out and gamble!) .  Not that I'd buy from the mini bar (too value-conscious), but sociologically, I found the omission to be interesting.  Oh, and Commander's Palace is in the complex (the best lunch experience possibly anywhere in the world) (see my separate review).
1	I had the worst experience here. From the moment we checked in, the room was still dirty, to the moment we checked out, waited 15 minutes for our car and it wasnt even busy! Went to the pool and all of the sudden it looked like it was snowing on all of us... oh wait it was construction debris falling on us sunbathers!! Went to complain and basically told us that there isnt anything they can do. Went to the Paris after that to go to the pool. The rooms are nice but the customer service sucks! The casino here is small and even my favorite restaurant, PF Changs, was horrible this time. Going back to Ballys!!
2	Not a bad looking hotel on the outside. Not a bad casino, but the rooms are crap. You can't lock the door when your in the restroom.
5	Got invited for the Derby, everything was great including the walk from the parking lot behind the hotel because an employee took the time to show us exactly where we needed to be, we were checked in to a nice room, overlooking the Strip, great WC Garbage in front of the hotel but hey we loved it and had a wonderful time. the best class bargain hotel on the strip
4	Fab: Newly remodeled gorgeous lobby & casino. Beds are rather comfortable. Room service & menu just as excellent. Quite affordable through booking sites like vegas.com or directly their own.Not so fab: soon to be unattractively renamed cheesy Planet Hollywood. Puh-leeze! Want the real deal? Go to LA. Then again, the entire Vegas city is a remake mini-version of other famous places around the world.
5	I was quite impressed with the room I had at the Aladdin.  It was spacious, clean, had a large bathroom with a huge tub and a separate frameless shower stall.  The thing I liked most about this room was that the view was of the Bellagio's water fountain show.  So, I didn't have to stand on the street in the heat of the summer to see it, I could simply enjoy from my window.  5 stars is for the view and the fact that there is an ABC store in the Desert Passage mall.
4	I stayed here just as the switch to Planet Hollywood was being made.  I didn't have huge expectations, but was really pleasantly surprised.  The room was nice (standard Vegas amenities) with a big bathroom.  The service was good and there were plenty of small denomination tables for a small-time gambler like me.  Some of the other casinos are more my style (PH I was told is retro-70s) but it was still pretty nice.  The dealers were all pretty good.  A review of the buffet should probably be done separately but I would note that I was disappointed.  The shopping area was good (not that I really go to Vegas to shop).  The cocktail servers were prompt.  Finally, the room wasn't ridiculously expensive.  All in all this is a really good place to stay and gamble.
1	CLOSED ... actually sold to Planet Hollywood.
4	A cozy classic. It's not the best hotel by any stretch, but come on! It's the Aladdin! You have to love it purely because it's one of the original establishments of the Strip.That alone deserves 3 stars.I can't say that I enjoy the hotel other than for its novelty. It's more about how it makes me feel rather than how it feels in itself. The food is good. I like the buffet. Ranked #1 in all of Las Vegas. That says something huge.Comfortable. Standard. Sad to see it sold.4 stars because it's the Aladdin. 3 stars if I were to rate it on personal preference.
3	We stayed here for cheap, so I can't complain. The room was really nice, especially for the price. Didn't really spend too much time gambling there, but it seemed nice over all.The buffet sucked really bad though. We had a free coupon, and it still wasn't really worth it. I do not recommend this buffet. Just bad.
