5	Wow. That is the easiest way to sum up the Players Grill and Patio. I went here based off of a friends' recommendation, and I'm so glad I did! The food, service, and location were all amazing. The restaurant is part of the Golf Club of Estrella, overlooking the beautiful, green golf course, and the mountains on all sides. Their patio is perfect for watching the sunset! We came on a Saturday afternoon for happy hour (3-5pm) and then dinner. They've got a nice selection of drinks, including a full bar, and the patio is just so lovely for happy hour!For dinner, we ordered the beef medallions (amazing), the salmon (also amazing), and the double bacon cheeseburger (you guessed it - amazing). Of course, with this much good looking food around, there was a fair bit of sharing and sampling happening. I ordered the beef medallions, which come with a side of vegetables and scalloped potatoes, served in a Cabernet sauce. So good! The sauce goes so well with all elements of the meal.The salmon was cooked to perfection, and the pico de galo on top was a great touch!And lastly, the burger. I know it may seem like an easy dish to make, but a truly delicious burger is no small feat. The French fries were perfect (my favorite - beer battered) and the burger was hot, juicy, and tender. So good!The staff was super friendly and attentive. They offer a nice variety of food and drinks, and in such a beautiful, intimate location! I highly recommend! Great for any crowd - friends, families, or dates.
4	Great place for some drinks and food. The Chef Chris is incredible. Whether you are there for a full meal or not, I think you will not be disappointed. Be prepared to sit out doors as the seating area inside is limited.
5	Wonderful experience! The food was absolutely incredible. Brad took great care of customers and Danielle was outstanding!!! What a great night! Thanks so much! Definitely recommend!!!
5	Greatest hidden gem! Fabulous fine dining under the sparkling lights and a tree covered patio! They offer everything from unique sandwiches and salads for lunch to occasional Winemaker Dinners. Truly a wonderful dining experience complete with a gorgeous golf course view hidden within the hills of Estrella. I will definitely be returning soon....
5	Great place for lunch, sit outside and enjoy the view even if you're not golfing. The staff is extremely nice and accommodating. The food is extremely good, our favorite is the BLTA Bacon Lettuce Tomato Avocado.
