4	We had dinner here last night. It took about 15 minutes for our order to arrive, not so bad. While waiting, I was busy watching the numerous HD TV hanging on their walls, there were like 10 big 18" flat screen TVs in that room. I watched MTV, football, and the world's strongest man =p all at the same time! It was a bit confusing at first as to where I would focus my attention. And the sounds from the numerous televisions weren't muffled or undecipherable -- it was clear and crisp.  It came to me that this would be a great place to watch a game with friends or watch a favorite soap with my mom. Their menu had daily specials, salads, sandwiches, sliders, pastas and mexican, american dishes etc. I ordered beef enchilada, and my companions ordered chicken parmigiana and tuna melt sandwich. It was pretty tasty.The place looks great. Well-lighted and tastefully decorated. What caught my eye was this huge belt framed on the wall, it looked like the belts worn by champion wrestlers =p but I don't know what it really is. It has dining customers outside too. I remember seeing it during day time and with mists coming out of the roof.
3	Anywhere but in the Copa this place would get two stars in my book.  But here is why it will get three.Bob the owner / manager is gracious. He is trying to make the business  a credible place for families to eat , sport fans to holler, and revelers to  jiggle and sing.  Is he asking too much of the usually sparsely populated hang out?Sure.  The place is equpped with the right amount of screens and it plays all kinds of music on various times of the week.  And it has potential to one really good venue-type.  It's attempt to reach so many audiences, leaves it lacking the lure that leisure late night lookers long for.To be fair, I have eaten there on five occassions thus far, each time hoping the fare will be better than the last.  Each time I never felt that there was something great to be had.  One night I had their beef lacking everything nachos and though I searched for the beef, it was clearly still standing in a stable down the road on the Hartmann Ranch.  The staff were corrective but the warning here is that even though there are bar food items until midnight or so, don't order 5 minutes to 10pm and expect that there will be quality.Perhaps I am a bit critical.  I would not be so scrutinizing if I did not really want for the place to work out and elevate its status.  It does after all host "Maricopa Idol" ... a search for the finest karoake star south of the 'reservation"To be clear...you should go and give this place a chance but don't go expecting anything.  There is a little bit of nothing for everyone here.
3	We tried this place because they have a family night special that is a pretty good deal.  The service at the one in Maricopa is horrible.  The waitresses never come to your table, to take your order or to check on how things are going.  I found the place to be a little run down inside, from the outside it looks really nice but when you go in its as though they gutted am old Denny's and brought the booths and tables here, it was really a let down.  My guess is that they don't really have to try very hard because they are one of 5 actual restaurants in Maricopa.  Hopefully they will get it together.
3	I like Arena for it's chicken wings.  They also have a pretty good side salad.  They put this cheese on their side salad that is just so yummy.  I thought they put the same kind of cheese on their chef salad, but I was wrong.  Don't get the chef salad.  It's not very good. The other thing I like there are the burgers.Families like to go to this establishment, but I must warn you.  If you want to take the family for dinner make sure to call and find out if they will be showing a UFC fight.  The place gets packed and I don't know if you want to bring your kids to see bloody fighting as they eat.
2	The wings are good, a little to greasy, but OK. The service was HORRIBLE, first of all, the waitress had her pants to low, every time she walked by, booty crack was hanging out... Then we were eating and looked up to see another waitress kissing on some guy, im sorry but when your in customer service stuff like that needs to be kept private. so then another waitress walks by talking to someone and yells "oh its way better then seeing titties" I understand this is a sports bar, BUT there were kids in there. I dont think we will be going back, think were just going to stick to Native New Yorker. (wayy better wings and customer service) Oh and a couple of the waitresses were eating at a table, and licking their fingers and then going into the kitchen , porbably not washing their hands.. JUST OVERALL A BAD EXPERIENCE...
2	Arena used to be one of my favorite places to have lunch because I knew a lot of the former staff members. However, it seems Arena's glory days have since dissipated. Now they go through staff in the blink of an eye and the food isn't really that good. I don't think high school students should be allowed to cook. I could probably cook something of the same quality at home, and I don't know much about culinary arts. Sometimes its a hit or miss.That said, I'm sure the bar is really great, I wouldn't know because I'm not 21. They try to appeal to everyone by having the bar and the special family deals. It's most apparent by the completely redundant wall "separating" the bar and dining area.They aren't expensive, so that's a plus. That's about it.
3	We decided to try Arena after living in the Copa for 3 years. We went on a Friday night and there weren't very many people there. No one seated us so we assumed we needed to seat ourselves. Then we waited for a good 10 minutes to be acknowledged. I was really not impressed from the moment we sat down so by the 10th minute of waiting, the hub and I decided we would give it one more minute and leave if not spoken to by a waiter or waitress. I was honestly hoping that would be the case and we could go somewhere else. The vibe of the restaurant/ bar is not inviting whatsoever. Dam, only 15 seconds to spare and here is the waitress.  :(   Anyways, in addition to our two tall waters, we decided to order the cheese crisp, potato skins, and a side salad with ranch. We were not super hungry. The portions were plentiful and the food was decent. The cheese crisp had other stuff on it besides cheese like green onion and tomato which was nice. The hub said the skins were pretty darn good. The only complaint I have is that the ranch on the salad tasted bottled. Other than that, the food was not bad. However, I can't rate it anymore or less stars until I try other food there besides the simplest of appetizers. So far, this place is ok if you just want a few nibbles and a beer (even though I didn't have a beer). Hah!
5	Good food great staff and free to play poker on monday and thursday starts at 8
2	Food and drinks were sub-par.  I used to come here quite often, and for some reason the last year it has seemed to slip off.  This visit the wings were overcooked, and the drinks were extremely diluted for what you would expect a double to be.  Myself and my friend both ordered chicken sandwiches, and both were chared and chewey at the same time (neither of us finished).  This used to be my favorite Maricopa restaurant, but im not so sure anymore.
3	The food was decent.  The wings were pretty good, when asked to be cooked a little crispier.  We even had a coupon for $1 for a dozen wings, which you can't beat.  The unfortunate part is the coupon was dine-in only.  This was our second time here (once last year) and both times there was a bunch of flies that were constantly all over us and the food.  It was super annoying and drove me crazy.  I've not had that problem with any of the other restaurants in town.  After twice, it's probably enough to keep me from going back.
1	Closed. New owners re-opened. Now O'Shay's No experience with the new place yet.
