3	There's really nothing to the Cross Cut Canal Park, but simplicity is what I'm looking for in terms of a quick bike ride. The CCC is basically a long length of foot/bike path that meanders from E Indian School to McDowell (2 miles) with grass on either side. For some reason I really like the trail, it's an easy ride, there aren't a ton of intersections, the path is wide, you pass a fire house chock full of brawny firefighters....I'm getting distracted, so let's move on. CCC is basic. It's not crowded. People will say hi to you as you stroll or bike along. The only lame thing is that there is an area about 20 feet long that has sprinklers that, for some insane reason, water the sidewalk. That seems both absurd and a flagrant abuse of tax payers money/water.I just like Cross Cut Canal.
4	Since I live along this park, it has been a nice place for walks and such. But since my dog has discovered it, an afternoon/morning/late night walk is not finished unless we go to Cross Cut. So if you see an over excited boston terrier with a less then overly excited owner walking around there multiple times during the day that is me.
3	I utilize the walking trail. It's a good way to get in four safe miles. You can walk/jog/cycle from Indian School road to McDowell road and back without missing a beat. Great for the whole family. I went at 8ish one morning and had to deal with the sprinklers. On the way back some of the path was flooded with water.  So don't go putting on your good kickers. You might ruin 'em!
4	I hate riding bikes on surface streets.  Drivers in Phoenix are downright hostile to people on bikes.  Very happy that I have this canal to help me ride safely to my destination(s).  From October - April I use this park at least 5x / week.  Its my running path.  It's how we get to OHSO.  Its also how we start our bike rides to Old Town Scottsdale.  A safe way to help us get to Ingo's and LGO as well.  Its so much better riding on the canal park plus the actual canals.  You get away from the cars and can enjoy your ride!
