5	You should stop by here if you're in the neighborhood.  Any place that takes the Kool-Aid man's signature catchphrase deserves a chanceYelp's categories don't do this place justice: it's an organically-minded ice cream bar and a coffee pub.  What'?! No, seriously - that's accurate.  You can get an ice cream breakfast, which means fresh made waffles with your choice of ice cream on top. You can get a monster cookie sandwich.  These two things put this place in line for an honorable mention for the Nobel. You can get coffee with a scoop of ice cream in it.  I had a large coffee with a scoop of Guiness flavored ice cream in it.  Don't make that face, it was really really good. And finally, the owner deserves credit for thinking of a brilliant idea: flat rate coffee.  You can pay a monthly fee and get as many coffees as you want. This guy needs to franchise once he gets off the ground, because that's a brilliant idea.  There's no way you can walk in to Oh Yeah! and just get a coffee.Definitely give this place a try.
4	They're a pretty new business so its a little hard to understand exactly what they offer and how to get it. It's pretty quiet, and for me, that's perfect.They have a selection of grass-fed milk and soy ice cream into which they'll stir in some mixings. There's an entire blackboard of selections, some of which sound really strange, like salmon or wasabi peas, but some of which sound really good, like figs or granola. Toppings are mixed in with a really brawny drill-like mixing device.Their coffee selections are also hard to decipher. 'Mini' is one shot of espresso, 'perfect' is two. Mini, perfect and tall are their sizes in increasing order for everything else. They hide the milk/cream at night so you have to ask for it if you don't see it.They like dogs. The owner's dog is in the store. His name is Coop and he's cute and friendly. They announce dog adoptions by the door. Free wireless (its secure, you'll need to ask them for a network key). And here are their hours:Monday-Thursday    7am-10pmFriday                         7am - midnightSaturday                    8am - midnightSunday                      8am - 10pmThey do accept credit cards, but only if your purchase is $5 and up.You can get a waffle (buckwheat & buttermilk) breakfast with ice cream. I got a blueberry buttermilk waffle. It came with butter and syrup and was made in a really ancient waffle iron. It was one of the better waffles I've had.
4	I liked getting to look at all of the options of the swirl in menu and select an interesting combination.  Nice place, friendly staff.
2	While the concept of a unique Cold Stone may seem like a good idea, the heart of the issue is paying way too much for ice cream with too stuff mixed in.  While the organic, vegan, and fair-trade options are admirable, the ice cream is from Dave and Andy's in Oakland.  $5 got me half a cup of ice cream, with two "mix-ins."  After placing the order, the contents, ice cream and all, are not mixed by hand but rather by industrial machine.  The result is nearly liquified yet chunky ice cream that's thinner than a Blizzard from DQ.  It was nice to try this place and it has great atmosphere, but it's the same gimmick as Cold Stone.  If you're looking for some great ice cream at a fair price check out Dave and Andy's in Oakland or Mercurio's Mulberry Creamery in Shadyside.
5	Oh, Yeah! is a very friendly place, the coffee is good (and fair trade if that's your thing).  The ice creme is great and with the tons of mixings there is always another reason to go back for more.Another key are the waffles, made fresh when you order them and can come with your choice of any mixing or ice creme topping.While this isn't a place that I would go and spend the afternoon working at (for that I would go to Coffee Tree Rosters on Walnut) but if you want a great cup of coffee, good conversation or a waffle then check out Oh, Yeah.
4	Oh Yeah! Ice Cream is a cheery place where my friends and I like to stop at after engorging ourselves down the street at Buffalo Blues.  After dinner someone will always say let's get Oh Yeah!, and the everyone else who is food coma-ed will remember there's a place to get ice cream down the street and be like Oh Yeah!  And then everyone will start laughing at the really bad pun.Anyways.They have delicious ice creams, I think they're vegan.  I always get the soy green tea ice cream.  It has a great "tea" flavor which most green tea ice creams lack.  I get it w/o the swirl-ins, which is what makes Oh Yeah! so unique, so I guess I'm missing out on the best part.  Personally I like my ice creams to be without the toppings unless they are generic supermarket ice creams because I find that toppings steal the show away from the ice creams themselves (which works if its a generic supermarket ice cream that is well, generic).Prices are on the higher side for ice cream, but if you bring your own cup you get a discount, and they also have a frequent visitor promo where you can get stamps for free ice cream down the road.Highly recommended.
4	An interesting ice cream and coffee shop which features tasty ice cream and environmental friendliness. This may be the only establishment I've ever been to which offers the option to wash and reuse plastic utensils. The mix-in choices are somewhat overwhelming since there are so many, but they have some excellent options such as bacon and soylent green! Seriously though, some of the ingredients are actually good.Instead of placing the mix-ins on top of your ice cream or mixing them in on a cold stone, Oh Yeah! has a strange machine which turns hard ice cream into softserve and mixes the extra ingredients in.Somewhat pricey, but definitely worth trying out.
4	Dude, you thought Cold Stone had mix-ins? Oh Yeah! has a list, including some of what people may consider crazy mix-ins, reaching over 100. You order your ice cream from the bar up front, order your mix-in from a list (which includes Kit Kat, granola, coconut flake, biscotti..... bacon, super green super food, hemp protein... hops, salmon, turkey jerky... soy sauce, habanero... love, magic.... I want to know what Love and Magic are XD), they swirl it for you and their swirling machine, then you exchange money for what they're holding. Don't go too crazy with your mix-ins, they're a dollar a pop on top of the base ice cream price.The place was quite packed when we got there, speaking for their popularity... though the guy behind the counter only half-smiled amusedly at us when we (okay, I) stared and then ordered. Did he even say anything?For my first visit, I tried the sweet cream ice cream with azuki beans... which was pretty good. The soft serve was partway to a milk shake after the swirl, but still pretty good. I think I'll try me some salmon mix-in the next time I'm back.
4	Holy mix-ins Batman! They got it all for either your ice cream or baked into your waffle. Some of my favorites from the extensive menu: olive oil, salmon, Kit Kats, and walnuts.Being lactose intolerant I was anticipating true happiness - I got a soy cookie dough ice cream on top of a cinnamon vegan gluten-free waffle. With a side of delicious La Prima coffee, it was a premium breakfast, but at a price ($8 and it was all I could do not to gasp audibly). The menu is of the handwritten on a tiny chalkboard variety so I was kind of confused and just said yes to the employee, when what I was really trying to order was ice cream with a waffle mixed in.While I wasn't able to finish the waffle, it was absolutely delicious. I'm likely to come back, but next time... just soy ice cream with one of their many mix-ins, not a huge waffle.This would be an impressive, but quite, brunch date. The little shop is full of books and has an eclectic mix of decor - very cute and warm looking.
5	the waffles and the swirls here are great! the coffee is wonderful and super cheap.ask Ethan to add some love and magic to your waffes or Persian Delight swirl.
2	Oh yeah is "oh kay" I've been here a couple times at the urging of a dear friend  and both times I've left unimpressed and poorer.The staff is cranky. On my first visit we arrived fifteen minutes before close and apparently the worker had cleaned the machine because when we got our ice creams (I had the pumpkin spice) the toppings were just sprinkled on top. Lame and also $5! My second time I got to actually try the blending thing and really it didn't help much. The blending process they use kinda makes it into this weird soft serve mush.On a positive note, the ice cream itself seems pretty quality and the concept of blending items is cute. Ultimately, though, the toppings are uninspired (say something like fresh mint would rule!) and, for that matter, I could find any place and sprinkle my own nutmeg on for a whole lot less hassle.
4	Service: decentAtmosphere: fun, and you can choose to sit inside or outsideIce cream: very good!  you might be overwhelmed when you come across the mix-ins board, but it's certainly worth the experience.  They offer a lot of organic options, too.  The ice cream is a little pricey, but if you chose the right combo, you won't be upset!
4	This place is amazing, and is my favorite ice cream place in Pittsburgh. They do, as many people have mentioned, have tons of mix-ins, including some interesting ones like squirrel meat.My favorite, being fairly boring, is sweet cream ice cream with candied ginger, lemon peel, and cardamom. The ice cream is of great quality, and blows Cold Stone or Ben and Jerry's and its ilk out of the water. I like it better than Dave and Andy's as well, although they make pretty good ice cream too. The waffle cone is a must.The only downside is that it's on the pricey side for ice cream.
5	OHOHOHOHOH YEAH! Seriously, can ice cream get any better?  I forgot how many combos they claim they can swirl.  I think its about 10,324,602.  Ice cream they have is tits.  So smooth with great flavor.  Vanilla bean has real vanilla bean spec thingys.   The people are super helpful and don't rush you in the midst of concocting your next masterpiece.  My past combos include soy coffee ice cream+flax seed+coffee grounds+almonds+peanut butter cups.  I've never eaten the ice cream there but am enticed by their library of old books on the wall in the back.  One day, I'll sit down and eat rather than running to my car and wolfing it down there.
4	Pretty good base ice cream.Initially, I found the nearly bewildering large menu of mix-ins a little gimmicky, but I later decided that it's actually a pretty good idea. It's up to you whether you want to go crazy with your own creation or order the tried-and-true combos. Cute setting aiming at a younger crowd (college/grad students).
4	Oh yeah, I am really indecisive. Mix in a soy latte with my anxiety and I am good to go.Seriously, somehow the best soy lattes around, and they are not snobs about it. The vegan ice cream and waffle options are very cool too.
4	Oh Yeah!!!! This place is awesome.  Only reason it didn't get 5 stars is because I always think it looks slightly dirty behind the counter.  Not not like health hazard nasty, just super messy.
5	Went back recently with the missus to try their waffles topped with ice cream. I  had a crisp yet fluffy freshly made cinnamon waffle topped with peach cobbler ice cream and candied ginger and gingersnaps mixed in and it was mind blowing. The price is also a lot lower than I remembered: two waffles with a scoop of ice cream and two mix ins on each came out to be under $10.I highly urge you to go if you're in the area.
4	Holy hipster ice cream! The decor inside reminds me more of an indie coffeeshop than a scoop joint, and their prices leave a little to be desired. However, I cannot rave enough about their vanilla ice cream. I'm a vanilla junkie--as in strong vanilla flavor, which there's nothing plain about--and Oh Yeah understands my needs. The scoop is so saturated with vanilla bean flecks that the ice cream looks almost gray...and tastes phenomenally like vanilla. I'll probably go other places (like nearby Mercurios) for a daily craving, but I won't eat vanilla ice cream anywhere else in the 'Burgh.
3	I came here last fall and was very impressed with the waffles, the ice cream and the mix-ins. It's a fat girl's dream. But on a recent visit last month, I learnt that they changed their waffle irons - the waffles are now much thinner, have tighter shallower pockets, and, in my opinion, less tasty. The coffee is ok, the service is exactly what you expect from college hipsters.
2	I might have gone on a bad night, but the gf and I were pretty unimpressed.  The ice cream was average at best--And it wasn't cheap.  Obviously, I'm in the minority here, so don't take my word for it, but I thought someone needed to be the voice of dissent.  I won't be going back.
4	recently had this, will return. quite impressed.
5	Delicious.   A worthwhile 30 minute walk from highland park.   Too many mixins to pick from.
4	This place is da bomb.FYI personal favorite... soy green tea with ginger snaps
4	Oh Yeah!  Ice cream!  Coffee!  Waffles!  Pump that insulin, Susan!  Pump!  Okay, maybe not on the coffee....Anyways....My friend Marla and I were doing a little vintage shopping in the area and we thought we'd stop in for a little dessert.  This is another one of them places I'd always been meaning to try.  They've got over 100 fixin's for your ice cream, but even if you like yours a little more simple like I do, some Dave & Andy's Home Made Ice Cream will do just fine. They've also got organic gluten free soy ice cream.The coffee here is amazing too!  Mine went so well with my ice cream.  Now for those of you who need your morning shot of caffeiney goodness, they even have weekly and monthly passes.  Too bad this place isn't on my way to work.  As for the waffles, uh "vegan cinnamon"?  No thanks!  But that buckwheat waffle with honey sounds s-o-o-o-o-o tempting!  I've gotta come back here when I've got more room in my tummy!Pump that insulin, Susan!  Pump!
5	This quirky little place makes me weak at the knees. It's my favorite ice cream place in Pittsburgh. The biggest draw is the mix-in board, allowing for some serious creativity in your ice cream consumption. Nuts, breakfast cereals, commercially-produced candy, baked goods-- all available for going in your ice cream! Nutella is a staple add-in for me. Some of the others aren't quite as ideal-- my boyfriend ordered swedish fish in his and they froze, making them very difficult to chew, and even more difficult to remove from teeth.Mix-ins aside, the soy cookie dough (even though I'm not vegan) is one of the best ice creams available. The sugar-free vanilla is good, too. It's a good base if you plan on adding a lot of sugary mix-ins.The combination of ice cream and coffee is the ultimate mix for me. They serve a good decaf brew, and mellows me out after the sugar rush. The outdoor seating is wonderful in warm weather. It's the perfect late night spot to hang out after a movie or date.Be warned that the toilet has a two-way mirror on the door, so that from the outside it looks like a mirror, but from the inside you can see everyone in the shop. It's very disconcerting, particularly if your boyfriend decides to line up some people to stare into the mirror just to freak you out.
3	An amazing number of mix-ins, fantastic ice cream, and a cool atmosphere. There's not much more to know (except that Oh Yeah is so far beyond Dairy Queen).If only they would replace the surly hipster wait-staff with people who looked semi-interested in serving you.
3	I love waffles.  I love ice cream.  So I was very excited to try this place.When I finally made my pilgrimage, I stood in front of the mix-in board and the other boards for a good two minutes, trying to make sense of things.  It would have been nice if the employee standing there had greeted me and asked me if I had any questions, but no, I had to break the ice.  (How do skinny hipsters work at places that serve decidedly non-skinny foods?  I'll never understand this.  But, I digress).  I meant to get a buttermilk waffle topped with sweet cream ice cream and with lemon and ginger swirled into the ice cream.  Instead, the waffle got the lemon and ginger and the ice cream was plain.  I blame this mix-up on myself, for not being clear.  The lemon and ginger in the waffle were actually nice touches.  What I didn't like was the texture of the waffle.  I like thick, fluffy waffles OR thin, crisp ones--these were thin but not crisp at all, not even on the parts of the waffle untouched by ice cream.  I don't feel like I can judge the ice cream, since sweet cream ice cream by itself is kind of bland.The place was bigger than it looked from the outside, with decent indoor seating in addition to the tables outdoors.  There are magazines if you want to linger.  If I'm in the mood for ice cream and in the area, I might return to Oh Yeah and give other flavors--with mix-ins--a shot.  I'll pass on the waffle, though.
4	Great place to grab an ice cream any time of year!! It's so good we'll go in the middle of winter or heat of summer!
5	My boyfriend and I had an urge for ice cream one weeknight and decided to check this place out after seeing it reviewed here. I didn't try any coffee; I went for the ice cream. We shared a banana split, and they had a nice variety of toppings as well as ice cream flavors. I was tickled that there was as abundance of Fiestaware in use since I own and love the stuff. While I really enjoyed my ice cream, the vibe and atmosphere is what will bring me back. I lived the casual decor and enjoyed checking out the books and games lining the wall. I liked seeing a deck of cards and some trivial pursuit for those spending some time there to relax. The two way mirror in the bathroom was hilarious. Nothing like watching the crowd while taking a leak. The staff was friendly and helpful seeing as it was my first visit. I liked how there was an option to use real spoons, complete with a bottle of soaking solution in which to place your used utensils. The regular trash and recycle areas were well labeled. Fun, quirky place, and I look forward to visiting again!
4	Oh Yeah is a fantastic place to fulfill your sweet tooth - waffles and ice cream. When you walk in there is a blackboard with all of their available flavors which ranges from your ordinary of  m and ms, nuts and so on to your more eclectic of electricity and wasabi. So really anything you're craving I'm sure you'll find it here. It is ridiculous how many options there are. They get their ice cream from Dave and Andy's which is a favorite local creamery and a plus too - I'm all for supporting small businesses. I've also eaten their belgium waffle cookies in a jar which are delicious and am told that they are made by an old lady.They have bar seating in the back which has a desktop if you desire to peruse the inter-web along with some tables and chairs, which has bookshelves of books and games.The bathroom is quirky and kind of creeps me out. It is one of those you can look out from the bathroom and see everything and everyone but no one can see you inside. The staff has always been friendly. One of the guys kept burning my boyfriend's waffle after two or three attempts (he forgot about it) and gave my boyfriend a freebie to make up for it. All in all a great place to go.
4	Oh Yeah! is awesome - free WiFi, fair trade coffee, vegan and non-vegan(Dave & Andy's) ice cream, gluten free(and non-gluten free) waffles. The centerpiece of Oh Yeah! is their ice cream mixing machine - top a scoop with whatever you want - literally, they have a ton of mix-ins - and they'll run it through the machine and swirl it all up. The waffles are decent, but I think they're a little pricey for being just that -  a waffle.The coffee is only a buck if you bring your own mug, as well.. it's a steal. The staff is also super friendly and don't miss out on the glass-door bathroom. Your friends can't see you, don't worry. My biggest concern about the place is allergies, though. I once went in with my brother who is very allergic to nuts. The girl offered to clean the swirl attachment with water and we asked if they could use a little soap, then water to be safe and she said she wasn't sure. I understand this, but I wish they kept a clean attachment or two on the side for allergic people - the last thing he needs is the remnants of someone's peanut choice sneaking into his ice cream to send him to the hospital.
4	With Oh Yeah! its your own problem if you don't like the food. Why? Because you design your own waffles or "mix-in" ice cream recipe. All of the basics are phenomenal. The waffles are good plain. The ice creams (soy/vegan, regular) and phenomenal. There are over 100 different "mix-ins," everything from the normal cookie dough/sprinkles/jimmies/nuts to goats cheese to balsamic vinegar to syrup, to fresh fruit to granola. The machine perfectly blends your mix ins, and spits it out like soft serve. To this end, your own creativity determines the quality of your Oh Yeah! experience. The service is friendly and laid-back. The interior is something the Mad Hatter designed in Alice in Wonderland. The artsy cigarette "craft dispenser" is cute. The bathroom has a one way mirror/window to look out at the crowd while you do your business. Its a fun place with a commitment to the environment, to the arts, and to personal creativity.
5	Awesome!!!! Great variety of toppings!!!
5	I grew up with ice cream being my all-time favorite sweet treat.  Now that I've developed a lactose intolerance, Oh Yeah! Is the one place where I can get my sweet fix without compromising on taste or texture.  They have the best soy ice cream I have ever tasted.  And the mix-in board?  A fat kid's dream (or nightmare - depending on your POV). Plus, I will suck it up and sometimes indulge in the regular ice cream, no matter how much my face breaks out - their vanilla bean mixed with baklava is TO DIE FOR!!!My Advice:  If you're not a patient person - don't go here.  I don't mind waiting in line for an amazing ice cream cone; however, my biggest gripe is the people who come in expecting INSTANT service and spread their negative and irritable energy everywhere.  1.)  The employees wait on you one-by-one because they only have one mix-in machine (I believe this is worth waiting for)  2.) Oh Yeah! isn't Mickey D's - they actually have quality stuff there, and take the time to make your order right the FIRST time.  3.)  Most of the employees are college students - give them a freakin' break!  They're just trying to pay for books, alright?  It's ICE CREAM!  CALM DOWN!However, if you are patient, and do like the company you're with, and are capable of conversation while waiting in line, then I highly recommend Ice cream on a homemade waffle - OOOOOH YEEEEAH!!!!
4	Oh Yeah is a great funky neighborhood coffee/waffle/ice-cream shop on South Highland, one of the two most happening areas of Shadyside (the other is Walnut street). It has very good vegan choices and a vast selection of flavors for your waffle and ice cream. They also sell interesting food items that seem to change from time to time; I have seen gluten-free ginger ale and cream soda during my last visit there. While small, the inside of this little shop provides a lot to explore. I learned about many local events and different foodstuff just by looking around in here.  I have had the waffles here with different toppings. They have always been delicious. This is definitely a great breakfast place if you like waffles and coffee for your breakfast. You can sit outside, too. Oh Yeah coffee has been very good. The baristas pay attention and take care in preparing drinks. The Pgh Latte is good, and so have been the many other drinks I have had in the past two years. The staff makes you feel welcome in here. They are funny, funky, open-minded, and sometimes political (on the left side); at least the ones I have interacted with. Keep your mind open, and you will like almost everything about this place. Outdoor seating is lovely, especially on a summer evening. Wooden picnic tables. You can sip your coffee and watch life and lifeforms on South Highland.
2	Frequently out of basic ingredients (e.g. waffle mix) and the staff is hit or miss. Lots of potential but they take casual to a new low.
4	Oh Yeah! is a sweet coffee and ice cream shop in Shadyside, love the laid back and creative vibe going on inside. There must be over a hundred mix-ins you can choose from to mix with your ice cream... everything from your regular oreos to crystallized ginger and beef jerky. There's something for everyone here, and plenty of stuff to push you out of your comfort zone.I got a vanilla ice cream with baklava mixed in. It was damn delicious! My girlfriend got chocolate ice cream with strawberries and crystallized ginger, and she loved it! We just have one major qualm... it's so expensive!!! I got one scoop and she got 1/2 a scoop and our total was 9 dollars... a little ridiculous.Anyways, the ice cream is seriously delicious but pricey. OH it's CA$H only!!!
5	Have I died & gone to heaven yes!  I first heard about this establishment through the NA grapevine.  The proprietor is a former high school classmate, so I gotta support ya dig?  I went a few times, and really enjoyed it.  However over the summer my friend came to town and she concocted a ice cream with goat cheese, and raspberries... oh my!  This is definitely the reason that I keep coming back here.  Definitely check it out , it's fun to make up your own flavor!
5	If nature-inspired, hippie-dippy decor and dessert that can easily be passed as a nutritious breakfast are your thing, then Oh Yeah! should be your next stop to get your fix, no matter the time of day. Featuring ice cream and home made buttermilk and whole-grain waffles, both with an almost unlimited list of mix-ins, Oh Yeah! will send your sweet tooth over the edge. Mix-ins like candy corn, coffee grounds, dried and fresh fruit, and over twenty types of chocolate are interspersed with more creative ingredients - like "magic" and "squirrel meat" which actually represent donations to local charities. Top off your meal with a cup of dark, yummy coffee or a thick latte or espresso and you'll be ready to hibernate for months.Your taste buds won't be the only thing getting attention - there is plenty on the walls, tables, floor, and ceiling to stimulate the mind while you eat. Tree branches, wooden crates, license plates of states like Montana and Maine, and bookshelves of donated books line the walls. Pick up anything from "A Tour of New Hampshire Woods" or "The Princeton Review SAT Prep Book" to get a real picture of who your fellow customers are, and where they come from. My favorite thing about Oh Yeah!, besides ice cream for breakfast, is the personality infused in the whole place. There is a feeling in the food, decor, and bathroom graffiti that there are those who have been there before and others will come after you've left. Bring a book or grab one off the shelf, sit and stay a while, and soak up the humanity around you.
4	I really like this place.  Cool decor, scary bathroom ( you'll see what I mean if you use it), and a unique way of mixing together ice cream.I tried out the birthday cake with some brownie.  Delicious.  The texture was very smooth.  Unlike some ice cream shops, the dessert didn't lose its flavor halfway through (I'm still baffled how that can happen).The cool way of blending ice cream and mix-ins, which gives the treat its awesome texture, is also its downfall.  I expect a certain texture when getting brownies added to my ice cream.  Unfortunately, all of the brownie gets blended into smithereens, leaving you the taste, but not the chewy pieces.Oh well, this place was so tasty I plan on returning!.
5	Oh yeah?  Oh yeah!Absolutely,, without a doubt thee most creative ice cream shop around!  If there's any sort of ice cream concoction you've ever thought of, Oh Yeah will one up you!  There's a chalkboard full of probably 80 or so different types of ingredients to make your dream combination.  I made the wrong choice of getting a large chai latte, which needed a splash or two more chai syrup first instead of going for the ice cream I knew was going to be amazing.  So I drank a little to not feel bad and went for my object of desire. I ordered a chai milk shake (dah) made with cinnamon ice cream, cinnamon power and chai power (which is their own mixture).  It was incredible tasting!  If I were to make the perfect chai shake, that would be it!  I just wish it was bigger!  I know it's total super size American of me, but I would have gone for a 18 oz if I could (I believe it may have been about a 14oz.  But that's just because it was so delish!They not only make milkshakes, but sundae's, even with a freshly made waffle on the bottom (which smelled amazing by the way!).  You can also combine coffee and ice cream together in a way that just blows my mind!  Really, there's just so many options it's overwhelming....and makes you want to tackle them all!  AND, free wifi!When I'm craving ice cream, I believe this will be my FIRST stop in town!
4	Since the previous review years and years ago, a few things have changed:- Either my idea of what $8 can get you changed or their prices have gotten better. You can get just a waffle for $3.50 and as many extras as you want, and it's a good deal.- The waffles may have gotten a little smaller, and more manageable. Before I couldn't finish.- As of 8 months ago, they no longer take cards. Cash only.The owner is still a great, friendly, talkative guy. The waffles are still filling and delicious. The soy ice cream deliveries are sporadic (but not entirely their fault). The coffee is still aces. Great place to spend a quite morning with a loved one or friend (but not more than one, the tables are small).
4	Man, who knew waffles would be so big? Between Oh Yeah, The Waffle Shop a couple blocks down, and Waffallonia in Squirrel Hill you'd think there had been a mass immigration from Belgium. Out of the three of them though, I'll pick Oh Yeah every time. This is the perfect place to spend a quiet Saturday or Sunday morning with a friend or just a good book. The decor is quirky but not intrusive, the music is good but not loud, and the staff is friendly but not overeager. Plus the waffles are great and cheap as all getout. You can choose one of three batters for your waffle: buttermilk (my favorite), buckwheat, or vegan cinnamon. (Added bonus: the buckwheat and vegan batters are also gluten free. ) But once you've made that first basic choice, the universe just explodes with possibilities. Filling every inch of a gigantic blackboard is a list of dozens and dozens of ingredients you can get mixed into your waffle batter, everything from bacon to candy to magic. That's right, you can order magic waffles. Plus, you can top your mad creation with delicious ice cream. One of my favorite combos is a buttermilk waffle with brownie mix-in and Kahlua ice cream. So how cheap is "cheap as all getout"? A basic buttermilk waffle starts at just $3.50 with mix-ins adding either 50 cents or $1. A single mug of coffee is $1 or you can spring for a refillable mug for just $2. That's part of what makes this place so great to just hang out and read, study, or get some writing done. It's quiet, laid back, and $2 gets you endless caffeine.Be advised, they stopped taking credit cards a few months back, but that's not unusual for a small business. Plus, there's an ATM across the street and you're unlikely to spend more than $10 if you're on your own. Is this a nutritious breakfast that'll help you stick to your weight-loss goals? Heck no. Am I willing to overlook that for one of the best breakfasts in town? Oh yeah!
5	I love the atmosphere of this place! It is so unique in general. This place has vegan ice cream and waffles! And the waffle you can get toppings mixed in! The service was laid back but very efficient in making the order. The price is a little high but for what you get it is worth it.
4	love the extensive collection of flavors and the creativity! this place is super cute, welcoming and instantly makes you happy. When we went, the line was really, really long which gave me the notion that this place must be awesome. Good thing we waited!
2	Unfortunately, the quality of service and products of Oh Yeah! has been melting. It's now more like: Oh, Yeah, whatever. I've had some terrible espresso drinks here in the past 6 months. The espresso milkshakes have been very inconsistent, like everyone makes it their own half-assed way. Most recently, we got some extremely sour espresso shots. I took mine back to the counter and the barista kindly admitted that he must have messed up royally. He pulled another shot, which was just as bad as the first. They were also out of the vegan ice creams the past couple of visits. C'mon! In addition to magic and love, maybe they should add "competence" as a menu option, proceeds to benefit a training program for employees.
3	I find it hard to give Oh Yeah! a proper review on only one visit, but I do have some opinions -1. I arrived at 10:15am on Sunday and one man was working. This one gentleman had to deal with a small party of extremely nit-picky, quite annoying customers that needed consoling the entire time.2. The one gentleman also had to make ALL of the espresso drinks, ring up customers and make ALL of the food by himself. I felt bad for him and was also impressed by his friendliness - customer service of that quality isn't easy to find.3. Said gentleman didn't know how to operate the "non-corporate" ATM that is advertised on their Facebook page. This caused some inconvenience, as I hoped to use said non-corporate ATM to pay..4. Out of vegan ice 'cream'. Meaning, vegan girlfriend who looked very forward to this portion of the tour couldn't eat a vegan waffle with vegan ice cream. (Sigh for both of us).5. The TWO waffles took ONE hour from ordering to receive. At a normal restaurant I would say this would be unacceptable, but the man was very nice and frankly, I'm very patient.The whole time he found himself swamped, also. Customers coming in and out, many leaving and I had to ask, "where was the owner? Why not have TWO people working?" Perhaps I don't know if this is part of Pittsburgh restaurant culture, but I find it asinine to have only ONE person working. Owner, what the hell? Did someone call off? It's a local business. Work with your employees and frankly, that guy needs a raise. Working an entire restaurant is a pain - I've unfortunately done the same a few times over the years - and there is no excuse for that.I'm a patient person. The large party near me was not. The service was exemplary and the food was excellent - but everything else about the interaction made me feel bad.Based on the mixed atmosphere, a 3 star review. Next time I stroll through Pittsburgh I will do my best to make it back and hopefully, there will be vegan ice cream.
5	Yummy, cute little vibe as well you will feel like you're stepping into a roadside cafe off an interstate in new mexico or arizona somewhere. Ready to grab a frozen treat and escape the blistering desert sun..... I can only speak for the milk shake before you read further I tried the big lebowski which comes with coffee or I had coffee I added (memory lapse due to brain freeze) in it and it was increadibly rich and the ice cream was like velvet on my tongue. I would definately check this place out I cannot speak for the waffles I didn't try them but this was a great little spot, Just bring cash!!I know so many pittsburgh places seem to operate in the dark ages when it comes to monetary exchange, they do have an atm but who wants to waste an extra 3$ on an item fee. I don't mind paying cash when the place is worth it!
1	I've heard good things about oh yeah ice cream and I was psyched knowing that they are the only ice cream shop in Pittsburgh with vegan ice cream choices, we go on a Friday night, the place is packed, which is a good sign , we wait in line for about 40 minutes... There were about 8 people in front of us and two clerks that seemed to have to have long conversations with each customer. Which normally I'm a  huge supporter of great customer service but 40 min to get through a line of 8 people... Come on! When we finally get served the clerk informs me they only have chocolate vegan ice cream... Which I hate chocolate and had my heart and sweet tooth set on vanilla bean coconut milk I've cream...he then informs me they placed a huge soy order and to come back in 5 days and they will have it all...does this help me now? No! So not only am I disappointed , but also being told to make another trip . This is one of the most completely annoying places that I've been. It's obvious the vegan ice creams are popular, there are silly hand written signs everywhere, do you think maybe you could make a productive sign for the front door saying your out of the vegan flavors before your vegan patrons have to waste their time waiting in line? I really wanted this to be our new date night dessert spot, but tofutti ice cream from my grocers freezer it is...fail!
1	Waited in line for an hour with only 10 people in front of us. Finally got my ice cream and it was like milk. I was told that it tastes the same and then charged 7 dollars for it.
5	Love this place! The atmosphere and location are awesome and the people who work there are really nice. Both times I've been I've ordered coffee, and it was delicious. I look forward to trying their ice cream/waffles and famed mix-ins. (They have the craziest mix-ins...anything from hemp seed to goat cheese to strawberries to balsamic vinegar! They have anything you can think of and more)The only complaint that I can offer is their cash-only policy, (or you can use your debit card but it costs an extra dollar) which is a bit annoying if you forget to bring some cash.
1	I honestly don't understand what ppl love about this place.  Every time I have been there the service is terrible.  Yes, they do serve Dave and Andy's, but I don't think this makes up for it.  The staff has been rude every time.  I won't ever return.
5	More like Hell Yeah!  This place is tight.  I was simply exhausted and overwhelmed looking at the ice cream selection.  Which is a good thing.  Tons of great flavors to choose from.  It's like a hippie Cold Stone Creamery on crack.  Check it out sometime.  I don't think you'll be disappointed.
2	Love this place but it's really annoying when you going to get just a simple cup of coffee in there someone in front of you agonizing over which of the 200 mix in to add to their ice cream for 45 minutes.  I wish they had a separate line for coffee.
2	Dear Owner of Oh Yeah!For the price we paid for the meh ice cream procured, we shouldn't have to listen to you bitch and gripe at your clearly beleaguered manager while he pleads with you to stop since there are customers in the store trying your rather small portioned milk shakes.  He's right.  It's unprofessional and it indicates this place, which does have a slight glimmer of potential, would probably be better off in other hands.  You may want to consider it since from the conversation we were forced to overhear, it sounds like you torture your staff and clearly have no grasp on business ownership.
5	Might I suggest a couple of add-ons for the name, like: Oh My! Oh God! Oh YES!Amazing ice cream, that's all I ventured to taste.  After a large sized meal nearby I was craving something sweet.  Thank god for my new found love of venturing around a neighborhood.  Saw the waffle and ice cream signs and decided that my friend and I would give it a shot.Totally didn't expect the awesome array of decor they chose on the inside.  I like the, as I call it, 'throw-it-on-the-wall' style.  Sure does give you something to look at if there is a wait in front of you.  Or maybe just keep reading the sign of different ways to have your ice cream.  I opted for Betty Crocker's Nightmare.  If this is her nightmare, it's my sweet dream.  I was in heaven.  Two scoops was the way to go instead of one.  The mixing of the ingredients is amazing to watch.  The machine is like this big ole drill that crumbles, crunches and mixes all at once.  It's like they snuck into a construction site, and walked off with a high powered drill to make such magic.Totally in love with this place now, definitely will be stopping back in here.  Cash is probably easier to use here.  Using your check card or credit card adds an extra dollar onto the tab.
4	This place is too much fun. Its very conveniently located so me and my friend walk there all the time from his apartment for an ice cream break while studying. The fact that they have waffles is just a bonus. The ice cream is good. The prices are fair. The mix-ins are limitless. I'd definitely recommend it.
3	This was a semi-regular coffee spot for me and a friend when I lived in Oakland, so I was super excited when I found a great apartment less than a block away fron Oh Yeah. But once I started going more frequently, the magic kind of wore off.They make a great cappuccino, sometimes, but it can be a long wait to get one. There have also been times where I went in and the barista didn't know how to make one, and said I would have to wait for their coworker to come back from break before I could get one. One time the coworker never came so I went to Mad Mex and got a margarita instead. Way to encourage my drinking, Oh Yeah.The waffles are not good, sorry. The $1 charge to use a card is not cool (not sure if it's better or worse than Dave & Andy's convoluted virtual ATM). I always had trouble with the wi-fi. And they also close early sometimes without warning.BUT! Its one saving grace is the number of mix-ins available for your ice cream! They have some recommended combinations, one of which has become my staple: sweet cream ice cream with orange peel and pieces of baklava. In the summer, the line can get long, but it's worth it!
4	What a fabulous little place! I instantly fell in love with the olde tyme kitschy decor and music. The sweet aroma will have you salivating as soon as you walk through the door. There is such a vast array of flavors and add-ins, your options are truely limitless. If you can't decide, have no fear - Oh Yeah has a list of signature scoops. Take your time and relax, this is the perfect place to just chill with some friends or take a date for dessert, coffee and coversation.
3	I hear they charge you for using your credit card?!  Ha.  I've been dropping by Oh Yeah for years and finally got around to taking my wife and parents.  Let me just say this is a place to go for a quirky unique scoop of ice cream take it for that and you won't be let down.  It's not a place to gorge yourself on cheap ice cream and mountains of mix-in's.  If that's your thing take your gut over to Cold Stone.  I like Oh Yeah, but I can do without it and don't think a 3 star rating is a bad thing.  But if I am craving some cinnamon ice cream with honey nut Cheerios, bee pollen, walnuts, and nutmeg then I know where to go.
3	Should I start with the good or bad?  The goods: waffles, coffee quality, ice cream.The bads: the wait in line (arg!), the fact that they sell Dave/Andy's, value, and they stick you for an extra buck to charge with credit.I see it as a Hippy-Gen Y Waffalonia if it's the waffle-D/A ice cream pairing you crave.  More than anything the wait line was murder, hard to justify a return with similar shops to choose.
5	This lil funky ice cream place is so unique that I wanna take it up and bring it back to NY with me! We ordered the waffle with lavender seeds baked right into it ! Topped with sweet cream ice cream, anice and chopped almonds and whipped cream... It was out of This world !!! Great place
3	After waiting in an abnormally long and exhaustingly slow-moving line, I ordered my personalized concoction - butter almond ice cream with goat cheese, orange peel, and fig mixins. The ice cream was good, but considering it's just Dave & Andy's ice cream with random stuff tossed in, it's no big deal. Considering the line situation, I'll probably just head straight to Dave & Andy's in the future.
5	Great funky lil place.  The green tea ice cream is splendid!
2	I had breakfast at this restaurant this morning because all the other places on  S. Highland were not open yet... it was such a weird experience! First of all, they only have one waffle machine, so they had to individually make each waffle for me and the 3 people I went with. Still, you'd think it would only take a few minutes per waffle, but it actually took over an hour for all of us to get our waffles, and we were pretty much the only people there! My husband ordered first and he got his waffle in about 10 minutes and seemed happy with it. About 10 minutes later one of my friends got her waffle (even though I had ordered before she did) and she was also satisfied with it. Then a looooooong time went by and they brought out some weird, scrawny-looking waffle that no one had ordered. My other friend decided to eat it anyway even though it was not even close to what she ordered, because she was so hungry by that time. I placed my order at least 3 times with 2 different people (no one ever wrote any of the orders down during our visit), to no avail. Then a reeeeeeeeally long time went by and the manager finally brought out my waffle, which was not exactly what I ordered but I was so irritated by that time I just wanted to get out of there, so close enough. The manager was very apologetic and didn't charge us for the last waffle. He also gave us a coupon for a free waffle, but honestly, it's not worth it to go back and use it. I told him straight up, "It might help you get the orders right if you actually wrote them down!"In conclusion: mediocre waffles, totally disorganized spaced-out employees, extremely slow service... not worth the trouble.
3	I have no idea what was up with the waffles machine or the maker. It came out as a little strip of waffle.The granola tasted great but didn't quote taste fresh made which is what I was looking for.The espresso was sour.The ambiance was fantastic- eclectic and busy but fun.  The juke box was radio and a decent station at that.
2	Oh... my. Well, it all started when I was craving ice cream on a Sunday evening. My girlfriend, who cannot eat dairy products, suggested we try Oh Yeah! since she read that they have a pretty sweet selection of vegan/soy options. We walked in and I was surprised to see such a cool, little hippie place. The decor was pretty neat and the staff friendly (apparently we had just missed a 30-minute line - phew). First of all, though a big fan of Dave & Andy's ice cream, I was a bit disappointed not to see homemade for as "indie" as the place is. Second, even though very friendly, the staff member helping us was extremely confused about which ice-cream variety was which. Normally, this wouldn't be a HUGE problem... unless a dairy makes your throat close :-/   womp womp. Due to a labeling boo-boo, and a very un-sure staff member, a lot of people this evening probably snacked on regular vanilla ice-cream rather than a soy variety (sorry vegans! shhh don't tell your animal friends). A second employee was very kind and replaced the order for us, but it took a good 5-10 minutes... so I sat outside and finished my ice cream cone alone before we had to head home for a Benadryl. Not exactly the most relaxing after-dinner date.Will we go back? Meh, maybe. We always try to support local businesses - but hopefully things are a little more organized next time.
2	I really wanted to like this place but unfortunately I didn't. The place was eclectic with a nice vibe but the ice cream did not live up to my expectations. A glorified, overpriced blizzard...only way less ice cream and mostly melted. I gave it 2 stars because there were lots of unique choices. Be prepared to wait a very long time...but save yourself the trip altogether.
1	Always falls short. Is it a coffee shop or place for the employees to hang out, while they get paid. cleanliness is horridupdate 8/21 they stepped up their game fresh bagels and pastries hot yes hot coffee. Maybe a redemption,good show.
5	Very laid back, staff is great and ice-creams are wonderful. Imagine something and done! Sea Salt in an ice-cream, no way!! but yeah, it works perfectly.. Definitely try this place.
5	Their one million and one possible mix-ins might be overwhelming to the indecisive such as myself but it's still a pleasure to stare uselessly at the board, trying to see which mix-in, or two, or three, would go with the ice cream flavor you want.You have a choice of how big a scoop of ice cream you want.  They get the ice cream from Dave and Andy's (god I wish we had this in  NYC...).  I went with the French Vanilla base, and added fresh mint and Heath Bar.  Yumyum.  Refreshing, crunchy.  Oh Yeah!'s employees are always friendly so don't be shy to ask for mix-in suggestion.  "Love" and "Squirrel meat" are also options but...Ambiance is fun- there's no lack of interesting knickknacks to check out while you wait in line (check out the bathroom!)- and very laid back.
4	I love the variety of flavors here! You can mix ice creams and add in just about anything. You can even get a waffle on the bottom and of your icecream. Perfection!I love coming here with friends who are vegan because Oh Yeah really serves the best vegan ice cream in town.
2	Only tried their ice cream, the workers hype up the mix ins like crazy.. One of the guys who works there will actually just go on and on and on about the different varieties they offer and then when I pick out three different mix ins they tell me that they're out of all of them.... It's pretty annoying. The two times I went there seemed understaffed and when there are two employees one is in the corner chatting it up with his friends while the other is slaving away, while the customers are waiting in line for a really, really long time. Overpriced as well, pretty much might as well be cash only because they charge a dollar to use cards. The ice cream is good but it's Dave and Andy's ice cream from squirrel hill!!
2	One word to describe my recent experience here. Wow! That's not a good wow, it's a disappointed, what happened, kinda wow. It had been a while since my last venture here, but I wanted to take a friend that had never been. Upon entring the store, I immediately noticed how dirty and cluttered the space looked. One of the employees was sitting on top of one of the counters, while the other worker. In fact, she sat on the counter our entire time in the store. Aside from being a mess, they were out of a lot of mix ins and um...spoons. My guest was asked if she wouldn't mind eating with a fork? Uhh? When I asked what the deal was, they noted the owner had been trying to run the place on his own and apparently can't order the basics. Ice cream is still yummy, but I wondered why all the ice cream name signs had been removed from the glass case?To make this story even more bizarre, I was hosting out of town Airbnb guests that evening. I had directed them here, too. Upon their arrival back to my home, they could only describe their experience as odd. I was quite embarrassed because this was not the place I remember.I do hope the owner and staff get their act together. Your icecream is good, but will that keep you from sinking?
4	I have to say that I really love this place. I use to live a few blocks down the road from Oh Yeah in Shadyside, and this was probably my favorite place to sit down for a few hours of work during the week and on the weekends. I really enjoy the hip bohemian vibe, decor, and some nice foodies (the vegan waffles are pretty damn good). I use to just bring a coffee cup in the morning and paid a buck for unlimited coffee all day. I use to know a few people on the staff, and while the service isn't particularly good, they're usually very nice and helpful- maybe this was a product of being a local and there all of the time. I continue to go back for a good cup of Joe now and then even after I moved over to Bloomfield. In my opinion, this place is a hidden little gem.
4	**from October 2013Came here with my friend after getting dinner at Noodlehead. Hard to spot because signage is a little lacking. Just a generic "ice cream" sign. Interesting vibe for an ice cream shop. Music is pretty cool and the atmosphere is very unique. The ice cream served is from Dave and Andy's with something like 90 "mix ins". They also have soy options for the lactose intolerant/health nuts. You can add almost anything you can think of to your ice cream and they will blend it in. Be warned! If you let the guy who works here choose your mixins he will likely add ginger snap. That being said, he made my cookie dough ice cream with cocoa powder, ginger snap and strawberries. It was delicious. The service was pretty stellar and the guy working rounded my total down. I believe there is a credit card minimum though. Definitely would come back.
4	Finally! It's warm out and Oh Yeah! have opened their doors again.  Nothing beats making your own ice-cream BUT decisions, decisions!!  Oh the pressure of standing in line and trying to decide what flavor concoction to go with!  The options for mix-ins changes regularly so each visit inevitably results in a new experience.  A highlight of my last visit was the butter almond ice-cream.  Creamy, nutty, silky and oh so good. This place appeals to the little kid inside of us all and leaves you giddy and content, especially when you get  the combination just right!
4	Love the ice cream and the mix-ins are fantastic but hate the hours of operation.
4	Coffee was really good, ice cream was incredible, and the place was really cute! The guy working there was nice, too. I love, love, love Dave & Andy's ice cream (who doesn't?), and it's cool that this place is able to put a new twist on it with the mix-ins and the blender. My fiance got the espresso on top of ice cream option; he loved it, but I thought it was kind of strange since the espresso was cold. I'll stick to regular ice cream because you can't go wrong with that.I'll definitely be back!
4	I had some time to kill and asked Yelp for a coffee shop, and Oh Yeah! was perfect! I ended up just getting ice cream, which was tasty, but I really enjoyed the atmosphere. Quiet, quirky, a wall of books and games... Great place to chill :)
4	I really liked the feel of this place, and I really like the concept. I also like that they have an equally balanced combo of soy and regular ice cream. The ice cream was delicious (I tried the milk based vanilla bean, birthday cake and the sweet cream). I ended up going with a half scoop of the sweet cream with lavender. This was one of their "premium" mix-ins. I love lavender flavoured everything...so I was really excited about the prospect of this. The only reason I'm not giving Oh Yeah! 5 stars is because the lavender to ice cream ratio was totally off. There was way too much lavender, and it was actually really bitter when you bit into it.  If you're going to get the lavender, I suggest asking for half the amount. I ended up having to throw mine out! So sad....I will be going back, just making sure to order something else next time!
3	They ask, "Oh Yeah"? I replied, "Ehhh". Let me tell you why. My friends and I wondered into the establishment and it was interesting to say the least. The people at the counter somehow knew that we were newbies to their place so they took the time to explain what they do which I admire. Their approach to ice cream reminded me of a mix of Cold Stone and DQ. Their motto was "let your heart lead you" in regard to choosing toppings for your ice cream. They also had pre-picked flavors with crazy names. The one that piqued my interest was the mixture of vanilla ice cream, goat cheese, balsamic vingerette, and other add-ins. It tasted exactly like a tart raspberry frozen yogurt. It didn't impress me. I would recommend going there just to experience the vibe it gives out and try out some crazy flavor combinations.
5	Really damn goodSometimes you want really good ice cream. Sometimes you can't eat dairy or have an attractive friend who can't eat dairy. Fret not friends, Oh Yeah has you covered. The birthday cake ice cream gave my mouth a mouthgasm.  Go there now.
5	I just stopped in here with a friend.  He wanted some coffee, and I wanted some ice cream, so this place fit the bill.  Sure, Jitters on Walnut is a bit closer, but their ice cream is boring compared to the ice cream served here!  I have to agree with Rachel C. that this is the most creative ice cream shop I've found in PGH to date.Like many people coming in for the first time, I was a bit dazed and confused by the array of add-ins available, which included "love," "magic," and "squirrel meat" (?!?).  However, the Lucky Charms caught my eye, since I'd always secretly wanted to come up with a frozen concoction that incorporates kids' cereal.  Looking at the ice cream flavors, I decided that birthday cake would make a good base, since I love D&A's b-day cake ice cream.  My final concoction turned out being b-day cake ice cream with Lucky Charms, Cinnamon Toast Crunch, Oreos, chocolate chips, and marshmallows on top.  I wasn't sure how it would turn out, but it it was delicious--not to mention way more creative than something I would have come up with at Cold Stone!  Even though it looked fairly smooth after being run through the mixing machine, there were still enough chunks to taste the candied and marshmallowy deliciousness, and the overall flavor was just awesome!My friend kept it simple, and just ordered a bottomless house coffee, which you can get for $3.  Since the total was $7.25, this means that the ice cream (which consisted of about two scoops) cost $4.25.  Size-wise, it may have been a bit smaller than a small at Cold Stone, but they let you have unlimited mix-ins, which isn't the case there.  The girl who waited on us was funny, and even said she'd do a dance if we asked for it (I didn't make her, though).  She did forget to put the marshmallows on top, which I realized after I'd sat down and took a bite, but I went back in and reminded her, and she put them on with no complaints (except for asking her coworker accusingly if he'd put the marshmallows back!).As I mentioned, this is my first time stopping in here, but if the quality and/or service have gone downhill, I certainly can't tell.  They have a customer loyalty punch card, so be sure to pick one of these up if you stop in here often!
5	Went here for some ice cream after I heard about all of the crazy mix ins! My choice was the butter nut ice cream with balsamic vinegar, goat cheese, and figs.  My husband likes to call this salad ice cream because it includes some of my favorite salad mix ins. Though it sounds like it might not be a great combination, it really is if you are not into super sweet candy ice cream. I was really impressed with the selection and the ice cream and can't wait to come back and try more combinations!
2	My review is purely based on the service and the coffee.The guy working the counter was kinda rude, and the house coffee was incredibly week. They also charge a dollar to use a credit card, which seemed ridiculous to me.I am going to go back and try out the ice cream flavors, since those looked creative and amazingly tasty, but otherwise, as a coffee shop I was not impressed. There was also a lack of comfy seating.
5	I'm here on a 13 degree January day. Crazy? Oh Yeah! This place is just amazing. From coffee to waffles to their mix-ins galore. There is so much to take in and order! Every time I come in I find something new to stare at on the wall or counter. I always say I will get a different type of ice cream, but I don't. I get chocolate with two mix-ins and I've never been disappointed. I just love the staff too! Man, they're just so friendly and excited about ice cream!What I think is cool is they have a few things listed on the big board for charity. I won't spoil it for you because I want you to be confused and surprised for yourself when you order. If you don't know what to get when you come in then I recommend asking one of the cool employees and they'll help you out. I've always been happy when taking their advice. This place is a must!!!
