4	The Bridges has become my default golf course for meeting up with friends and getting in 18.  It is a city-owned course on the northeast side of Madison, south of the airport.  Most of the course is situated amidst low-lying wetlands, while on the back nine a couple of holes rise up on a ridge along Anderson Avenue.  It is an fairly easy course to walk, except that the proximity to water does mean a good amount of mosquitoes.  The recent rains led to a lot of flooding on the course, but I played last weekend and much of the course is back in playable condition.  I especially like the Bridges since the course can either reward you or punish you, but there always seems to be a bit of both.  Other courses are either too hard or too easy (mostly too hard) but the Bridges is the kind of course where after being embarrassed on a deceptively difficult par three you find yourself in position to birdie a par four that initially looked impossible.  It's enough of a challenge to keep you coming back without demoralizing you, and this makes it about the most fun of the courses in the area. The major downside to the Bridges is the proximity to the airport.  Most of the course is right on the flight path for landing jets, and this is distracting at first.  Once you've played a round or two you learn to time your drives or putts, and Dane County Regional isn't exactly O'Hare.  Another potential problem is that this course can and will eat a lot of balls if like me you tend toward inaccuracy.  The vegetation in the O.B. areas is thick reedy wetland stuff, so just go ahead and consider that ball lost.  Lastly, the course can get very crowded and play tends to slow.  However, since I prefer to walk this usually works in my favor.  For some these drawbacks are a deal-breaker, but given the crowds on any given weekend I have to assume that this is a minority opinion.The price is very reasonable - from $22 to $37 walking 18 depending on the time.  There is a twilight special where after 6:00 PM you can golf as much as you would like for $10.  The only problem with this is that a lot of people get in line for this and the rate of play is pretty slow.  The bar and grill in the clubhouse is one of my favorites of the city-owned courses.  The bar is well stocked and they usually have a couple of decent taps.  The last time I was there I enjoyed the new Capital Prairie Gold from a frosty mug.  You can always count on getting a can of Capital out on the course as well.  The menu is surprisingly broad and well-made.  The wraps are a satisfying end to the round, as are the sandwiches and the appetizers.  You can call in an order as you make the turn and it will be ready at the clubhouse, which is perfect for when only one or two of the foursome are eating.  Several of my friends have attended banquets or luncheons held here and have said these are well done too.  I think that top to bottom, the Bridges has about the best layout of the city-owned courses and is my personal favorite.
4	Fish fry review - quick summary: if you're looking for a high quality, no-frills fish fry, Bridges On The Green will satisfy your needs.  We recently visited them and found the fish (baked cod, beer battered cod) to be excellent.  Nice portions of super high quality fish.  Batter was light, crispy, and not the least bit greasy.  Sides were excellent as well.  Service and atmosphere left us a bit unimpressed, but the fish was so good that we'll be back.Full review available on my site (along with photos and more details).  Check my profile for a link.
4	Great layout, very nice bar/restaurant and good people.The layout is fair and wisely not long. IMHO any idiot can make a course tough by making it long. Bridges is within the ability of most golfers and yet is challenging enought for, say, a college team (that I recently watched). My only criticism is that it is not an easy course to walk with long distances between holes. I think courses should be walked.
4	Stopped here for a little golf while on vacation. 9-holes w/ cart during peak hours on a weekend was only $27, very inexpensive I thought! Practice area was basic but nice. Range looked fine and the range balls were some of the better I've seen around. $5 for a small bucket. Greens, tees and fairways were slightly, if it all, above average. The dirt cart pathways left a coating of dust on my glasses, skin, bag and clubs by the end of my round, didn't care for that and is the reason why I gave a 4/5, wish they were paved! Beverage cart was basic, but inexpensive. No wine. Inside bar had good, inexpensive food. I hear the fish fry's are good. Overall, a pretty good course with cheap green fees. Will certainly be back, though they need to pave the cart pathways....
4	The Bridges is a fantastic, affordable, well-maintained public course in Madison. I've played many of the public courses in the area and this is by far my favorite "cheap" course. My husband and I walked 18 holes and it was $27 pp on a weekday. The greens were in great shape, the course challenging and nicely laid out, and the staff was friendly. The only annoyance is that it's close to the airport so you can hear planes land and take off, which can get quite loud. Definitely better than Odana or Yahara Hills if you're looking for a good place to swing the clubs on the cheap in Madison.
5	Fun, cheap, challenging course. It is my favorite in Madison for the price. Not sure why anybody would pay $16 to walk 9 at a city course when you can do the same here. It's a unique course, not links style but has plenty of marsh/ native grass. If you hit an errant tee shot you will be punished. Often times you will see cool wildlife. One time I saw about 7 muskrats. Another time I saw 7 deer.
3	This is a serviceable course in the middle of Madison.  You're right by the airport, so you'll see all sorts of interesting things - low flying planes taking off or landing, apache helicopters doing their thing, and jet fighters doing their routes.  While that's not golfing, it's pretty interesting to check out during your "good walk gone bad".The course itself is nice.  None of the holes stand out as memory-makers, but there's some character along the way and some decisions to be made.  There's some water on the course, but only really a threat on a couple holes (#1 and #9, notably).  The rest appears to be for show - like behind the green or to the side of the green.  Most folks aren't going to put one in the drink there, but I'm sure it happens.As a west-sider, I'm not fond of the drive to a course that is so close to me.  Getting through or around Madison and the lakes isn't always easy, so timing is key.  Plan your tee times accordingly, especially if you're golfing during the week.  Getting in or out around rush hour will take longer.The Bridges will run specials, so check those out before you head out.  A round can be had, especially in the spring or fall, for around $25.  It's not a great walking course - the distance between one green and the next tee box can be quite a hike.  If you don't mind the extra walking, save money and skip the cart.  The course is pretty flat and you won't get wiped out by hills.  It will take longer to walk, but on a quiet day that can be pretty nice.
