5	Legos Legos Legos, this place was my son's heaven.  Actually it is real cool, they have a computer loaded with lego games and he played for an hour while I shopped!!!!!
3	Walking into this store is like walking into a kids dreamland. The bright colors and sample Lego models draw you in from the crowded mall crowds. The store is somewhat small with the amount of people that are browsing but it is neatly organized. As you browse the store, the walls are lined with the Lego boxes for purchase and in between the boxes are display cases with models. In the center of the store is a neat kids area with sample Legos to construct. The Lego Store has every type of project you can imagine. They have Lego's for younger kids with bigger pieces and easier to assemble; to architecture designs for the 16+ group; to magnificent Star Wars projects. The only downside to the Lego Experience at the store was the amount of store employees working. There were 2 employees as you walked in and 4+ throughout the store, all of which wanted to eagerly assist and it was a bit overwhelming.
5	LEGOS - I LOVE THE LEGOS.  My name is Amy, I am 37, and I love the Creator series of buildings that LEGO has.  I am maxed out on crazy pills, don't really like to drink and in-patient treatment is too expensive, so I put LEGO sets together.  It's terribly therapeutic.  If the trolls and joy-suckers (both IRL and online) have got you twitchin' - head over to the LEGO store for a box full of plastic happy.  Not too long ago, LEGO released a new set of the collection that I like to put together, but unfortunately was not running free shipping to go along with said set, so I decided to take my lunch hour to head up to Concord Mills and get it from there.  I called and they had 1 set left, so I made up some story to my boss about a "woman type emergency" and I headed directly to Concord Mills.  The LEGO store is located down by Dave & Busters, so I parked down by that entrance so I wouldn't have to wind through the crowds.  I would NOT venture to Concord Mills on the weekend - way too many people.  Shortly after entering the store and weaving around the small people, I asked an employee where I could find the set and was led directly to the ONE remaining set (hallelujah).  The employee then told me about the (nerd alert) VIP program, which you get points for every dollar spent at the LEGO store or their online shopping, which leads to dollars back to you.  Each dollar spent is a point, 200 points and you get $10.00 to use towards a purchase (rewards start with 100 points, which earns you $5 off your LEGO purchase).  The sets I get are typically $150+, so the points add up pretty quickly.  (I know, I have already heard the "you pay how much for plastic blocks?!" speech from my mom).  The store is floor to ceiling sets (Creator, City, Harry Potter, Star Wars, etc.).  They also have the buckets of mixed blocks for the creative blocks, the smaller sets for kiddie poos, the bigger blocks for the youngins, barrels full of specific colors/parts to build your own sets, a playing area, models, and on and on.  I love this place and could spend the better part of a paycheck in here.  A little bit of childhood to make the day a little brighter.  Along with the LEGO VIP program that I was told about at the store, you receive emails for sales, special purchases and exclusives.  For Harry Potter folks, I think I read that the Diagon Alley set will be retiring soon, so get yours while you can!  And for those rolling their eyes at adults purchasing LEGOs, I buy one set to assemble (okay, not assemble, play with...) and one to keep in mint condition.  I recently sold a retired set that I paid $100 for $1400 - my LEGO retirement plan is looking better than my 401k.  YAY LEGOS!
3	Who doesn't love Legos? Or maybe the better question is who doesn't love Legos when you're not accidentally stepping on them? Is there anything more painful than stepping on a Lego? I digress...I'd never been inside a Lego store before this one. It was buzzing with excited kids and adults alike. (I couldn't pull my boyfriend away from the Star Wars section. He was like a kid in a candy store...er, a Lego store.)Not only do they have just about any kind of Lego product you could possibly want, but they also have a few little stations where kids can play Lego games on Nintendo 3DS or assemble their own Lego characters (which could then be purchased if they desired).The employees were attentive and helpful even though we were just browsing. This place is obviously a kid's dreamland and will likely be crowded any time you wander in, and I'm personally just not a huge fan of crowds...particularly crowds with lots of hyper children.
