3	Some Yelpers always seems to have trouble at Subway. Always complaining about the bread,  the person behind the counter didn't smile, the washrooms were a mess, blah, blah blah, complain, complain, complain, Bitch n moan, bitch n moan! What do you expect from owners from a third world country and college drop outs?You get what you pay for is how I see it, right? I don't expect much when I come to a Subway, I get a decent sandwich, a cold drink, I'm hungry when I walk in and my tummy is satisfied when I leave. I have never had  issues with the bread, any time I walk in to a Subway the bread is always fresh and just baked. Besides, how many Subways can you review? it would be like going to McDonalds and reviewing the quarter pounders or shakes at each, it may keep your fingers busy writing the reviews, but in the end, who is reading them? Right, NO ONE! Now I know what you're all thinking, you're saying Joe, you've reviewed a bunch of Starbucks, from Florida to New York, yes, you're right, I have. What's the difference? Can't think of a thing. I like Starbucks more than Subway. I think most normal people like Starbucks more than Subway, but who am I to judge? About this particular Subway, they have fresh baked bread, lots of cold cuts, veggies, fresh cookies and oh yeah Seattle's Best coffee, owned by Starbucks by the way. The sandwich makerererers are all nice and SMILE a lot, maybe too much, kinda creepy. Who can be happy making sandwiches all day? Hey gotta go, been fun, but I'm done!
3	Subway is Subway.  All the restaurants are the same so you know what you are getting most of the time.  You can't plan for unfriendly workers at any restaurant.  We had some visiting people from the UK at work and they ate their almost every day for 2 weeks; just to get the flat bread.  Personally I prefer the regular sub bread.  A foot long combo is almost $10.  Not the cheapest.  I prefer Diabello's in Market Square.  This place is right next to Brueggers.  Not sure why there are so many Subways and Brueggers in downtown Pittsburgh.
1	I LOVE Subway, but this one is just awful. It was dirty and the two counter people were total jerks, and totally clueless. Asked for a pizza with pepperoni, something they've been advertising forever so I thought they'd DEFINITELY know how to do it, but no. I looked away for a second, and before I knew it the pizza came out with American cheese on it for some odd reason. I asked for another and she tried to charge me. I will never go to this one again- definitely the worst restaurant experience I have ever had.
4	Indeed, Subway is Subway, and thus one is straight down the middle.  Competent sandwich made quickly and courteously. No major gaffs. The facility was bright and clean.  I'm giving it a fourth star because I found an extra cookie in my dessert bag!
