5	What an adorable store! Kudos is a specialised bridal boutique situated in the centre of the Bruntsfield area of Edinburgh and just a short walk from the city centre. Kudos offer an absolutely stunning range of bridal and evening wear suitable for every special occasion. For the bride, they offer a huge range of different styles of wedding dress and their sizes go up to 30 so they can accommodate women of every shape and size - amazing! Kudos also sell bridesmaid's dresses and stock a range of different designers so there is a huge selection of dresses to choose from. There are plenty of Mother of the Bride outfits available in a range of different styles and colours. Kudos also sell a fantastic range of evening and prom dresses in every style and colour so whatever the occasion, Kudos will have the perfect outfit. The staff are lovely and inviting and provide such a great shopping experience that are bound to leave the shop with a smile on your face. The dresses in Kudos are so beautiful that it is always the place I go to in order to buy a party dress.
5	Wedding dress shopping is the weirdest experience.  If you're anything like me, you have an idea in your head of what you want it to look like before you even start, but then you walk into a store full of gorgeous dresses that look nothing like what you pictured in your head and all of a sudden your head starts overflowing with new ideas and THEN.... then you start trying them on.  I think that trying on my first wedding dress really brough it home.  Wow, I need to buy one of these because I'm getting MARRIED.  Wow.In typical rookie fashion, I planned to go look at the dresses in Kudos with my girlfriends without booking an appointment.  Lucky for me, they don't often have people popping by on their lunch break so they were able to accomodate me with no fuss.  The lovely sales assistant went through the racks of dresses with me, picking out the ones I liked the best so I could try them on.Trying them on is... weird.  You strip down to your skivvies and are left standing and looking at yourself in the mirror, wearing nothing but undies and borrowed heels.  It's hard to keep your mind from wandering into "ooh I really should lay off the cakes" territory.  Then the sales assistant, a complete stranger until five minutes ago, comes in to dress you. Wedding dresses are designed to suck and tone every inch of your torso.  Those cakes?  Not a bother!  Serioulsy, I wish all dresses were designed in such a flattering fashion.The lovely sales assistant carefully tucked, tightened and zipped me into about 6 or 7 dresses over the course of my lunch hour.  She kept a note of my favourites and acted just as happy about the process as my girlfriends did, praising how I looked in every dress.  Finally we came to the last dress- a complete stunner.  We all loved it.  Even the other sales assistant got involved and found me a bauble for my hair which really completed the look.  I walked away with a card containing the names of the styles I liked, and an invitation to come back whenever I like to try any or all of them on again.I had a fantastic experience at Kudos and would highly recommend it to anyone who is looking for THE dress.I would recommend that you should be more upfront than I managed and actually ask the prices of the dresses - I didn't, which is quite dangerous!  It's very easy to fall in love with a dress which is far beyond your price range, and it's probably best to try to be strong and just not try that dress on in the first place.
4	I still think this place is great, but was disappointed to discover that they will not alter dresses which were not originally purchased from them.Maybe they get absolutely tons of business and can afford to be picky, but I would have thought that they would appreciate the extra cash flow.  I never want to return to the place where I bought my dress, but would also rather take it to a place which is very familiar with altering wedding dresses.  Kudos would have been perfect and very convenient for me. In fact, I was hoping to buy my accessories there (they have some gorgeous stuff) but it would have been much better if I was able to try the accessory actually *with* the dress.  Wee shame.
