5	I think that Meg Ryan prob said it best . . yes, YES, YES, YESSSS!!!!  " I'll have what she's having? " Yeah, no doubt! Calling DD was one of the best decision I've made in months/years. Delicious and a great way to impress my wife & her friends, for her birthday & party!  The Desserts Delivered driver was dressed to impress too. This was a huge hit with everyone and many of them will be calling. Thanks for bringing the concept here to Charlotte.
5	We had no idea Charlotte even had a dessert delivery service until my wife got a Groupon as a gift last week. We decided to use it late last night and what an awesome surprise!DELICIOUS carrot cake and chocolate cake!! It was very quick service, and the slices were HUGE!! Hands down one of the best deals in Charlotte!
4	I'm Impressed! I experienced Desserts Delivered via some friends that had a Groupon. It was past 11pm on a Saturday after we made dinner together when a hankerin' for something sweet crept up... DD to the rescue! They're open til 3am on the weekends, WHAT!The prices are a little high, but I'm pretty sure that includes the delivery fee. I consider  It a decent deal. $14.95 minimum order. Make sure you tip!We ordered a slice of the Peanut Butter Chocolate Cake, the Carrot Cake, and the New York Cheesecake. Each were $7.95.The quality of these confections was way up there! My boyfriend and I devoured a slice of the Peanut Butter Chocolate Cake together. The huge slices are definitely big enough to share. But maybe get one all to yourself if you've got the munchies.I would totally order from Desserts Delivered again, TWO THUMBS UP!
4	I can't think of how many times late at night I've had a mad craving for sweets, but I don't want to leave the house.  Since discovering Desserts Delivered, I now don't have to worry.This place is only open in the evening, and it's open late every night.  You can order online, or you can call in your order.  I have called in the order and used the online service, and both turned out well.  The staff I have talked to were both friendly and helpful.  I decided to try them because of a Groupon, but I have ordered from them a couple of times now.  They delivery within most of the Charlotte metro area, and they have a handy little map you can check out to see if they deliver to your area.It's a $14.95 minimum order, and the delivery fee is $2.  Both times we've ordered, our desserts have been here in less than 30 minutes (granted, we live less than 2 miles away).  The desserts are $7.95-$8.95, which seems a little pricey until you see the large portion sizes of the desserts they bring, especially the cake.  I have had the Peanut Butter Chocolate (my personal fav), Carrot Cake, and the Cheesecake, and all of them were pretty good.  While they don't offer a large variety of options, I can say that the desserts are high quality.Hurray for Desserts Delivered!
5	So there I was, at home on a Saturday at around 12:30 AM. I see a commercial about a place that will literally deliver a piece of cake to my house and I had to check it out. About half an hour later a guy comes to my door with not only cake but ice cream and milk because Desserts Delivered is clearly ahead of the game. Seriously good dessert, awesome service, really fast delivery, and a polite delivery guy to boot! Also the piece of cake was so big I couldn't eat it all that night so instead I ate it for breakfast because I have no shame.
1	Th Website says they are no longer serving the Charlotte area, just wondered what made them change their mind! :(
