5	Go to the spa and get a hot stone massage from John Summerhawk.  Let him know you like deep tissue massages.Also, Christina gives the best facials.  She's got the softest hands!
5	My go-to spa in Vegas and the only one I will go to.  I'm not sure if you can come here if you are not a member, but I am telling you, membership at the Stirling Club is SO worth it.  If you know someone who has a membership, you can tag along with them as well..I always bring my bf and we get the couple massage together.  But, if you don't need one, even better!!I have had multiple massages and other treatments here and I LOVE it.  I have never had a bad, uncomfortable or unpleasant experience here EVER.  I am usually the type that is very picky about who gives me my massages or does my nails and hair - and I usually like to stick to one person for each..HOWEVER, although I've never gotten my hair done here, I trust the Stirling Club so much, I don't care who they choose to do my massages or nails for me.Also, if you've ever visited the Turnberry Place (residence of the Stirling Club) it is absolutely beautiful; super high ceilings, elegant decor, beautiful chandeliers..etc etc..and Stirling Club does not disappoint..it's very clean inside and equally elegant.  Really should check it out!5 stars forsure!!
5	I LOVED this place. Everything was very clean and classy. Even the paper towels were embroidered with the logo. I was thoroughly impressed with both the relaxing atmosphere and the swedish massage I got from Lisa. She is super easy to talk to and made my first spa experience very comfortable. I got in because they have a contract with The Renaissance hotel which I was staying at and they were very accomodating, getting me an appointment with their only massage therapist working within the same day.I'm afraid I am now ruined for life because I can only have extremely high expectations for the spas at home (I hope I can find a good one) and will always compare them to the Stirling Club Spa.
5	I'm a member at the Stirling Club and enjoy this facility tremendously.  The workout room, swimming pool & men's locker room/lounge/sauna/spa is upscale and clean.The staff is very helpful and friendly.  There are always fresh towels & robes.  The lockers are huge and the toiletries are top notch.  I enjoy my morning workouts here.Will I come back?  Are you kidding me?  Of course....every day.
5	John Summerhawk is really a master at his craft. His massages are deep and his knowledge of the body is immense. Best massage you can find in the city by far, and I'm a massage junkie!He works with body energetics and has hands that can handle any pressure, he knows all the pressure points and has been successful in curing all kinds of muscle ailments i've had. His great communications skills make you feel relaxed and you always get the experience you had in mind.
