5	The workers here are VERY helpful. As an ex-californian with a cali acct, gives challenges now living in nevada. I wanted to modify, so the associate gave me full and thorough options that i can pick from. Thing about banks, (my 2 cents)they need to have good listening skills. Check.  as well as articulate and clear explanations. Check. And smiles and eye contact. Check. And allowing me to leave satisfied with errands accomplished. Check. Going the extra lap in seeing how I'm really doing. Check, check, check. I hope all branches are smooth and awesome as this. But I'll definitely be coming here in the future.
5	I go here even though they constantly take my money.Oh well, haters gotta hate. ;-)Seriously tho, shoutout for the puppies debit card!
5	I never have to wait in line. People are friendly.. Not much else needs said.
1	Maybe it was just a bad day, but this is one of the worst BofA branches I've ever been to. I went in today to deposit a rather large check, I didn't want to use the ATM because somehow I thought it's easier to just do it at the counter. I know you are supposed to fill out a deposit slip, but in over 12 years of banking with BofA, the tellers always did it when I deposited anything. Today, the teller just threw out a slip from the window and said fill it out yourself. That's OK. It got worse when she announced the amount that I was depositing from her chair very loudly when I asked her when the check will clear, not sure why really she announced the amount, but everyone in line can hear her, EVERYONE! I am pretty sure a teller is not supposed to do that. I guess I will just stick with the ATMs in the future. All other major banks I use have much better services- Chase, HSBC, etc.
1	Well, I went into this bank to open an account. I was greeted and asked to have a seat. I waited and waited...a man then came in was greeted, asked to sit as well, snd then two minutes later was taken ahead of me! I don't know they're sexist. Rude, or what. I promptly left and took my business to my initial choice Wells Fargo, there I received stellar customer service, the polar opposite of my bank of America experience!
1	The worst ATM's I have ever used. Everyday there is a repair truck next to on of the machines because it is not operating. I am not exaggerating. It seem like everyday. They even run out of cash at times.
1	Kept waiting for over half an hour for a simple wire. Watched several employees chatting while we waited
1	I've been going to this bank for years and lately they've only had 2 tellers working every time I go in. I've waited literally 25-30 minutes the last two times I've been there for a simple business deposit (that I couldn't do through the ATM). The worst part is, there are employees walking around talking, but they don't jump behind the counter and start helping when the line is almost out the door.  They need more tellers on site and available to help their customers. Going to this bank has become very unpleasant.
