1	Friday night.  Hungry kids. Mom sick all day. Call for pizza, right?NOT this location.We check for the deal we saw advertised on the website.  Website says - "this location not participating", so we try another deal..ok...go through the details on the website.  Get to the end (even though we started with choosing "carryout"), it wouldn't let us complete the order as carryout.  We pitch the online ordering process, call and it takes 30 minutes to get the order right with the incompetence on the phone. We arrive on time.When we get there to pick it up, the incompetence at the front desk can't find our food because the incompetence on the phone didn't put our name on it.  They tell us obviously we are at the wrong location. Nobody can find our food.  They don't call the other location for us.  Nobody checks with the guy who took the order on the phone.Husband comes home.  Checks the phone - we had the right location.I call back.  He's not willing to drive back out there to pay $23 for pizza and breadsticks.  Manager not willing to take a loss because of their mistakes. Cancelled the order - food was wasted (for me, this is worse than incompetence).I'm still sick - have to get up and make dinner for my kids.  My husband is late for his plans and we're both hungry. Great.  thanks.  Managing incompetence means saying your wrong and taking a loss sometimes... this was a time to take the loss... Gas costs too much for us to have to drive out there twice and then pay for our food on top of that.  Manager didn't apologize.  Expected us to drive back there and pay 80% of the cost - sorry - my time and energy and gas is worth more to me than your 20% is to you.We order pizza about once a month.  We won't be ordering it from Pizza Hut anymore - certainly not this location.
1	WORST pizza I've had all month ~ and I've had a lot of bad pizzas in Arizona!
4	This Pizza Hut is very close to my house and we are frequent customers.  The staff is friendly enough and, in my opinion, the pizza is great.  We usually get the hand tossed pizza and honey barbeque boneless wings, which I LOVE.  I've also had their thin crust pizza which is good as well.  They usually have some deals going on too, like $10 any size pizza.  Their quality is consistent and their prices are reasonable.
4	I've been getting delivery from this restaurant for as long as I've lived at my current apartment in Mesa, AZ (over a year) and I've really loved the food and the delivery driver's service.  Tonight stood out for me, though.  I've been having a really bad week, so I decided to order a pizza this evening so I wouldn't have to bother making dinner.  When the delivery driver showed up, she was just a ball of sunshine.  So friendly and smiling.  (Plus, I was delighted to see a girl doing this job, as I myself have been a girl delivery driver for many years, so I have a deep respect for girls who do it.)  Her smile and genuine friendliness made my day 100% better.  Thanks for making my day, and delivering the best thin crust pizza, ever!
2	I ordered the 2 topping medium pizza for 6.99 deal. I was a bit disappointed. I don't remember the mediums size pizza being that small, I don't know if those are the size of the " 6.99 pizza special", but remember ordering the pizza from "the hut" not to long ago and didn't remember them being that small. I guess I'll just stick to my Rosaties , Venenzias (sp?) and Barro's pizza! Seem to get my money's worth on there "non specials" pizza's..... Pizza is still good at Pizza Hut, but just very unsatisfied with the size of the pizza's!
