4	Lickety-split, it seems I'm always in and out of this place in a jiffy. Why review a UPS Store??  Aren't they all alike??  Absolutely not.  The 16th St and Glendale Store keeps addresses stored on their computer so I just give them my phone number, tell them to whom I am shipping, and (assuming it's a repeat destination), and out comes the shipping form - no messy forms. I think most UPS stores have this capability, but many don't bother. Also, they are diligent about sending a status email so I can track the package. Aside from the holidays, it's usually one of the same two guys in there and they are efficient, understand what to do with international addresses, and are kind and courteous. The few times there is a line, they always apologize for the wait and obviously try to be as speedy as possible. Overall, they act and operate like they WANT my business and appreciate it. That's why I keep coming back, forsaking all others (UPS Stores that is).
5	I have gone to this UPS store for years.  The staff are all very friendly and efficient.  One time I was in and a very senior woman was sending a package.  The man helping her was patient and courteous and treated her with utmost respect.  It was nice to see him treat an older person with such dignity.  They are very good to their customers and if you want a smiling welcome when you walk through the door you won't be disappointed.
2	I've been going to this store a lot beginning of the year. Staff was always extremely helpful and nice. Owner is there almost always, ready to address and help with anything possible. After few months I went there again, just to send fax and to my surprise they almost doubled the price?! I'm sorry, I just can't go over the fact that they charge $2.21 to fax one page locally (for comparison, it is not more than $1.50 anywhere else). I just don't like that nitpicking and trying to make money on stupid petty stuff. I was making extra effort and going off my way to come and do my business here, and I'm sorry but that won't happen again.
5	I've loved doing business with this UPS store for many years now. You get the feeling that there will be no problems with your packages when shipped. The owners are on site 99% of the time and they make it quick and easy to ship or do any other service. Sometimes I walk in with things half done and they act like it's no big deal and finish it up for me. They don't even charge for their tape like another local UPS store does. Anyway always courteous and professional in the services they provide.
5	I've been using this mailbox service for years and am incredibly happy with the service. The owner and employees are extremely helpful and friendly. They always greet me by name and with a smile. I'm always in and out of there quickly and would highly recommend this over a p.o.box. It is pricier but well worth it. I've had mailbox services at other ups locations and was not as happy with the service.  This location the best!
3	Maybe it's just me, but I'm completely out of sync with this location.  Either it always takes forever, or something strange happens.  Tonight, when I missed the UPS driver by 1 minute.  I asked the clerk if there was another place I could go, and he called a big UPS spot who said they closed at 6 and there was no way I could make it in time.  I left, got in my car and did a quick internet search and found out the airport location was open until 7.  Glad I looked, or I would have been on the hook for an $850 phone.  Point of the review is, you may have better luck than me, and they have always been friendly, but I won't be back, which is a shame since they are so close to my house.
5	I am always amazed at the service at this location. Every time I go in, I am greeted with a smile and the employees are super enthusiastic about helping me with my shipping needs. Having such a wonderful alternative to the post office in a convenient location is so great!
5	Everyone here goes above and beyond!  Convenient, courteous and efficient.  If you're in the neighborhood , stop by to say hello to Dong, Vic and Stacey.
5	I'm a graduate student and found myself without a printer. I know, that's terrible isn't it? I needed to read a 27 page article from online, and I can't stand screen reading. So I looked to find a place to have it printed. I was stunned when UPS said it would only cost me $2.43 or so  AND they would have it ready the next day for no additional charge. Staples always charges $5 extra if you want it the next day. So I uploaded the document, paid, and then went to bed. I called the next morning and the woman who answered the phone told me they didn't see it, but located the order a few seconds later. Maybe 5 minutes after we hung up, she called me and left a voicemail that it was ready to pick up. It was perfect because I ride the bus and had to go to Glendale to catch my connecting bus to go to work, so I was able to pick it up between buses. They got me in and out of there in just a couple minutes, and were so sweet. Nothing was wrong with my order and it was perfect. UPS is my new source for printing!
1	$20 for two F@#$%&! FAXES!?!? OUTRAGEOUS RIP OFF. I feel wholly taken advantage of and I'm pissed off. Nobody bothered to warn me of pricing before sending anything. That is an ABSURD price.
5	We have been using this store for over 5 years. They are great at service. Vic is always an engaging and fun to talk with. He takes the pain out of spending money to ship things. I look forward to visiting the store, and I can't say that about most businesses I visit.
