3	.39 tacos daily is hard to beat
3	Come here quite often. Customer service is usually good as well as order accuracy and speed. Restaurant is clean.
3	Your typical del taco... Cheap food. Fast service. Clean tables. I love that they serve cherry coke at Del Taco. Goes perfect with the cheese quesadilla (no green sauce) and some fries. The parking lot here is a bit of a nightmare. Came on a Saturday and the drive thru was clogging up everything. Once inside it was pretty quick though.
1	I've never experienced so many fast food issues in one place, in such a short period of time. About 2 months ago, my wife and I went through the drive through and placed an order. When we got home, we realized that what we received was substantially different than what we had ordered. No big deal, I drove back. It happens sometimes. Well, a couple of weeks later, it happened again, but this time, I'm certain that it was because the manager decided he'd rather BS with the employees than work, as they were chatting all around the counter. So, I called the 1-800 number and left a detailed message. The franchise OWNER called me directly and apologized and even gave us an unlimited and free meal to apologize. Of course, we spent about $15. We aren't jerks. Well, come this week, we go through the drive through again and guess who's palling around at the counter, talking and laughing again? The manager. Guess who got there order wrong again? Us. We are not going back to that location, ever.
1	The dining area does not stay open as posted on their business. The guy at the drive through gave us attitude when we asked about the dining hours. On top of that, our order was wrong.
1	Went for tacos after the movie around 9:00 p.m.  Sign said they were open until 11:00 p.m. But chairs at several tables were already stacked.  Service was less than stellar.  No one in the place but still had to wait.  Food was fast and good!  Went back to order those delicious little caramel bites and waited....and waited while manager talked on his cell phone.  Finally made a comment regarding his being on the phone and too busy to wait on customers.  Then the guy who was taking drive thru orders finally took the order but with an attitude.  Another couple who came in after us received the same attitude.  We probably won't return to this Del Taco!
3	Food is actually pretty good. Go there maybe every other month. I took off a star because one time as I was ordering the cashier told  his coworker "This fool wants to use a coupon" in spanish. Guess I don't look like I'm fluent in spanish. Not a big deal, but it was a little annoying to be referred to as "that one fool" while trying to order.
1	I love Del Taco, just not this one!!! Once I went to this one and it was BLAZING hot inside probably 86 degrees. I asked them multiple times to turn on the AC and nothing. Finally I told what I think was the owner or manager and he said he would do it. I guess they think the 3rd time is a charm. Another time I went there and had a coupon on my phone. They would not accept it unless it was printed out. Get with the times, everyone has a phone. I then left angrily! They have no play place either. Big draw back. I end up making the drive to one of the ones on Val Vista.
