4	Went to Citizen Guns for the first time today to transfer a firearm that I purchased online through GunBroker.com. The guys at the shop were very professional and nice and the transfer went smoothly. They have plenty of accessories, ammo and a decent selection of firearms on hand. Transfers are $25 per gun which is similar to what most other FFLs are charging. I'll definitely be back to Citizen Guns to support the only gun store in Centennial Hills
5	great guys here and good supply of items (depending on what their supplier will let them have, of course, due to government controls)
5	What a great gun shop! Have went to quite a few around town and really get tired of the typical "alpha male" type of behavior that most gun stores seem to condone. Josh, the owner is great to talk to, knowledgeable, and they really don't gouge on ammo or gun prices - even in the current climate! I would recommend these guys to anyone, and won't hesitate to return!
5	Josh and family are very helful and willing to work with you. Great prices, really enjoy stopping by. Highly recommend.
5	Discovered Citizen Arms when looking for an FFL for my online purchases.  Wow, what friendly people!!  Not the usual gun store commandos.  Eager to help, knowledgable and just great guys.  I went in to pick up a purchase I'd made online.  Unfortunately, the gun was of poor quality and I wanted to send it back.  Citizen Arms sold me a much better quality gun for the same price and did my return for free!  I can't recommend Citizen Arms enough!!
5	I found these guys because I was looking for a FFL for an online purchase. I went into this place to take a look around and the guys were nice and helpful. I talked shop for a little bit and felt good about using them for the transfer. Their fee is $25 for the transfer which is pretty good. The closest dealer to this place told me it was $35 for the transfer. I met with Josh today when I picked up my gun and he helped me register my handgun and was very helpful and knowledgeable. Sometimes when you are at gun stores you get the feeling the people behind the counters are either sleazy salesman or they are know-it-alls who like to hear themselves talk. I didn't get either of those vibes from Josh or the other guys who work here. Josh seems like a laid back local guy who likes guns and decided to open up a store. He was very friendly and helpful. I will recommend everyone to these guys because you can tell they value their customers. In fact the customer who was in there before me kept telling me how great these guys are and how he will only buy guns from them now!!!
1	It looks like store closed and cleared out
3	So-so.  Small shop with not a lot of stock on hand, apparently does most of his business by special order.  Guy behind the counter was pleasant.  I'd give them 4 or 5 stars...but the one thing I want out of a gun shop is that they actually must have a good selection of GUNS. :)
5	We've been in the store twice.  The 1st time we were just checking them out, and maybe looking for a future gun to purchase.  Today we bought a scope that they installed on our gun, then bought a new gun bag because ours wasn't going to fit.  The owner and his employee were very nice and helpful.  I would go back.  It was nice to support a local small business.
5	Citizen Guns is top notch, josh and the other gentleman that runs the store are extremely friendly and knowledgeable, and best of all they are honest, which is hard to come by in this business or any other for that matter. I will be doing business with these guys again in the future!
