5	Customer service=AmazingFree shuttle to the strip=AmazingPet friendly=AmazingSpacious rooms=AmazingContinental breakfast=AMAZING AND they had a waffle maker!!!...in addition, there was even a night that was free taco night.....So, this place is a couple minutes off the strip, but if you really need some late night gambling, Hard Rock is right across the street. Kaizen Sushi is across the street and is open for a 4AM sushi fix...along with a CVS and a really good pizza place that I can't remember the name of. The shuttle takes you to Planet Hollywood (formerly Aladdin) and is free. The rooms are pretty big with a refrigerator and microwave. The people at the front desk were cool...and their free breakfast and dinner (once a week, I believe) was awesome. I liked it here...they're renovating and won't accept pets anymore, so I don't know if I'll be able to stay here with my family anymore...but it was a good place to stay.
4	Just a note, there are TONS OF DETAILS LISTED BELOW:This hotel is located off the strip, which is what we wanted for our one-night stay. I booked it about two weeks before and was able to snag a deal for $98 a night via AAA Travel deals. And it proved to be a good value for the price!This place used to be an AmeriSuites, so all the rooms are spacious with two double beds and a pull-out sofa sleeper. It can sleep almost up to 6, if needed. It is very clean and the linens are modern. All rooms come equipped with a 42" flat screen as well, which you can hook up to your computer. Free wi-fi too with a pretty strong signal.Check-in was really quick, they have two monitors in the lobby that you can use to swipe your credit card to pay. It dispenses your key cards, and you can go straight up to your room without having to wait in line at the desk.There are only two elevators, but the wait isn't horribly long - though the elevator is somewhat slow as it ascends to the top floors. We had a room that faced UNLV, and it was quiet. No complaints about airplanes flying overhead.Conveniently located across the street from a CVS pharmacy and Red Mango frozen yogurt in a strip mall with a shoe shop, restaurants (happy hour cocktails!) and few other odd places. The Hard Rock is close by as well. We jayed it across the street and picked up some snacks and other toiletries from CVS.Beware - the shuttle can pick you up from the airport, but you will have to wait if they aren't in the area. Call the hotel after landing to insure that they'll be there after you pick up your baggage. The shuttle also runs from the hotel to and from Planet Hollywood. Call the front desk if you need a cab.They serve continental breakfast in the mornings, but they stop serving at 9:30am on weekdays. So get there early if you want to partake! No sleeping in until 9:15am!Starbucks coffee, apple and orange juice, milk, cereal, toast, bagels, english muffins, fresh fruit. Pickings can be slim since lots of people want free food. The line for toasting things is horrid, since people just sit in front of the toaster WAITING for it to toast. Hop in line and kindly slide your goodies in there while they hog the toaster so yours comes out in a decent amount of time.All in all, Hyatt Place is a great deal and great place to stay for conventions or just to get away from the chaos of the strip.
3	Nearly simultaneously, my husband and I a) received a $200 gift card for the Hyatt and b) needed to book a room for two nights in Las Vegas for a friend's wedding. The Hyatt Place in Las Vegas met our needs. The best parts about the Hyatt Place are as follows:- I just love the logo (sorry, I'm a marketing person).- The rooms were all swanked out with granite countertops and 42 inch flat screen, wall-mounted tvs.- The suite style gave us plenty of room and reminded me of a Springhill Suites, which is by far my favorite hotel to stay in when I am on business.- It's walking distance from both the best dance club and a CVS, so when it's 3 AM and you're staggering home from dancing all night at Body English inside the Hard Rock Casino, you can stop at CVS for a liter of water and any other anti-hangover needs you may have.- It's walking distance from the Hard Rock Casino, which includes Mr. Lucky's, serving breakfast all day so you can indulge in pancakes and eggs and bacon and hash browns and coffee whenever you decide it's morning, even if it's after noon. (Oh, and when I say "walking distance" I really mean walking distance - like, walking in high heels without a sweat walking distance)Here's what was a huge bummer about the Hyatt Place:So, I was online at home, looking to book our room, but I got nervous about using the gift card. So, I called the Hyatt Place in Vegas and told the agent about my situation. She told me to go ahead and book online and that I can pay for my room when I depart. This sounded normal to me because I travel a lot for work and typically they don't charge me until I check out. I asked her if entering my credit card number would affect my ability to use my gift card at all, and she said no and that it was just to hold the reservation. OK. So, upon checking out, I give the agent my gift card and he tells me the room is paid for already. Yep, it was charged to my credit card.  I relayed the entire conversation I had upon booking the room and he was unsympathetic. I told him I needed this to be fixed. I needed my credit card to be refunded and I needed to pay with my gift card. For crying out loud, it was the only reason we chose Hyatt Place at all (though I still do love the logo ... I can't help it). So, he had to call someone ... and then someone else ... and then someone else. A line of irritated people started to form behind me, one of whom was my husband who had to get back to Phoenix for a football camp meeting. Finally, it was quasi-solved, but I left feeling unsettled about the experience.
4	Stayed three nights in a very clean, double queen room that was very roomy, more like a suite with a second room, with a large sleeper couch, table with two chairs, desk, large wall mount swivel TV., vanity area separate from bathroom, good closet space, and very comfortable beds with great pillows. The soaps, and shampoos were nice enough to sneak some extras home. No smoke, no weird smells, good AC. Nice continental breakfast with cereals, juices, fruits, yogurt, bagels, English muffins, wholewheat and white breads, coffee, and my favorite tazo tea were served. Nice seating area by the pool, and spacious seating inside also. The 24 hour galley food service featured surprisingly good personal size pizza. Two Internet PCs are helpful for last minute travel plans and activities. Across the street, the big CVS Pharmacy is very convenient for water, snacks, cold meds, magazines, or whatever else you need. The hofbrauhaus next door had very good food, and also across the street is a Johnny Rockets for the ice cream that soothes the dehydration caused by travel and the Las Vegas heat. Lots of parking at the Hotel, and there is free Valet parking at the strip hotels. If anything could make it better, I would suggested a finished walkway all the way around the outside of the hotel. Above all, the courteous, helpful and cheerful staff put the Hyatt Place up in the 4-5 star category.
3	Stayed over for one night this past weekend.  Pictures and reviews seemed promisingMinus points- double charged my card (I had rescheduled the date and prepaid but only to find reservations messed up and charged me both dates.. Also, I would not 'prepay' for online rate next time since the rates went down by $10 and I thought I was 'saving' $10)- this is a renovation and the whole time we were there the floor smelled like wet towels.  Also it still had popcorn ceilings and a very outdated tub.  There was an ugly stain at the bottom of the tub (I tried not to look at it while showering).  The AC unit (it is large and in charge) is in a wall that separates the sleeping area from the living area.  The closet space is also awkwardly situated in a 'wall' that separates the office area from the bathroom- the parking lot / Hotel is situated in the crotch of 2 one way streets so head out on swenson in stead of harmon or you will end up having to make u-turns galore. Plus points - Decent continental breakfast even though the only hot food is toast / oatmeal- LARGE rooms.  Our beds were small but comfortable and sheets were fresh- Shuttle to / from airport and strip though we never used it since we rented a car- Modern sink with granite vanity area- L shaped couch with ottoman - a mini bar area with sink coffee and fridge- LARGE 42 inch screen that awkwardly faces the AC wall but you can swivel it towards the living room area or bedroom area- Plugins for tv so you can hook up your computer if you need to- Business center which I had to use to show them they double charged my card. Final thoughts ... I like that it is off strip but still close to it --- and that the furniture is all new. I would stay here again if the rates are decent but I was really turned off by the reservation mix up.
4	I stayed here Memorial Weekend with a group of friends. I booked it through my travel agent and couldnt have been more pleased. We booked a 1 bedroom that comfortably sleeps 6. Two queen beds and a sleeper sofa. This place is very adamant about their no smoking policy and will charge you $250 if they detect it! So I wouldn't even try lighting candles/incense in this piece. The only reason why I docked a star is because their staff kinda "forgot" to credit me back the hold they placed on my credit card for incidentals. Took them two weeks to finally figure out what happened..... Ugh...
1	Yuk.  No casino.  No view.  Small open shared pool. Why would you want to go to Las Vegas and stay at a hotel like this?  Luckily the staff was nice enough to not charge us for bailing.
4	Take advantage of the free shuttle service TO/FROM the Airport, plus TO/FROM Planet Hollywood!  This Hyatt Place is just like all the Hyatt Places...decent for a business traveler, or a frequenter.  I wouldn't stay here if I was coming from across the country and looking to live it up on the Strip.  But for what it is, this hotel does a very good job.  I stay here often on "off" nights, like before my friends get in or if I am here after they leave.  It's right between the strip and the airport, conveniently located only 1 mi from each, and right across the street from the Hard Rock.  Relax and enjoy yourself here, then take the shuttle over to PH to get in on the action.
5	Even though I'm born and raised in Vegas, when a big group of my friends needed a place to stay... I was like hell no bitches you cannot stay at my house. I ended up recommending this place because I always go to the Hofbrauhaus -- why not have my friends stay LITERALLY RIGHT BEHIND IT. They ended up staying in room 221 and paid $129. Divided by 5 people, that was like $25ish each. Pretty good, pretty good so far. They had a free continental breakfast -- which I also took advantage of. And a communal pool...blah.BTW the manager named Stella went out her of way to really make everyone feel at home -- or at least make stuff easier for them to understand while they stayed in Vegas and had no clue what was up. She got them discounted tickets to Ka and Love. She arranged shuttles for them to go shopping at Planet Hollywood (FREE). And even when one shuttle came late, she offered to drive one herself. She was also pretty down to earth, talking about all the tips and tricks about nightlife and stuff here. This ho knew her stuff cuh!Reading the other reviews, I just also have to comment that this place is by no means a casino strip caliber hotel but c'mon IT'S THE FREAKIN' HYATT. It's really good for what it is and the price is fair ~ do you think you'd get free continental breakfast at the Bellagio? Hell no. Use your head. HahaI'll recommend this place to anybody coming in town and wanting a realistic and unpretentious place to stay while in Las Vegas.
4	Whenever you need a real break from the Strip, the Hyatt offers up nice room and board that is well worth it.  Plus, it is cheaper than many rooms you end up finding here, so save your money for gambling and Fat Tuesdays by seeking out farther accommodations.The Hyatt is six floors high and offers a free continental breakfast in the morning from 6AM - 10AM.  It is also a twenty minute walk from the Strip, so while it isn't the closest hotel, it is a doable walk.  You'll find that many families and businessmen stay here because there are no casinos, so if you are afraid of your children being influenced by the power of gambling and flashy lights (which I don't understand why you would take them to Vegas in the first place), then this is a wonderful alternative.Large rooms include a living room space with sofa, two beds, mini fridge, and coffee table.  Although I do think that the TVs in the room were placed in an awkward position (right in the middle facing a wall that separates the bed area from the living room.  The only other issue I had with my room is that the air conditioning faced that TV, so it would take some time before the cool air could dessimate into both sides of your room.Other than that, I very much enjoyed my stay, and plan on coming back again when on another business trip.
2	Well my biggest need is to have a clean room.  The rooms were clean enough, so that was not really a problem.  The problem is the poorly trained staff.  They were very unprofessional and rude.  The lady at the front desk made me feel like I was bothering her when I asked her a few questions about the shuttle to the airport.   The system they have in place to order food, on a touch screen kiosk, was always broke, and so they redirected everyone that wanted to order breakast to leave the kitchen area and go to the front desk and order your eggs there. WHAT???? Like I'm going to wait in line with others that are checking in and oder scrambled eggs.  What a joke.
4	Not a bad hotel. It's nice and clean and quiet!!! I wish they had more breakfast selections, but that's the only downside. And it's about 2 blocks off the strip, so not a bad location of your looking for a cheaper and quieter experience!
2	Saggy beds piss me off
4	This place was nice. I have stayed at Hyatt places before. It is clean and comfy. The outstanding part was the customer service. The manager was pretty helpful. They even booked a tour for my friend and I. The breakfast was not that great. It definitely had the basics(bagel, cereal etc) however their fruit was pretty blah. Would recommend this place. It's reasonably priced.
4	Clean rooms, Nice area, Quiet when you are trying to sleep. Girls at the front desk were Polite and friendly. I will be returning
4	Wanted to do something a little different in Vegas. I wanted a hotel for my mom and I that was nice, comfortable and easy access to the strip. I read good things about this hotel, so decided to give it a try. It's a very convenient hotel. Accessible to CVS (which is right across the street), a few restaurants, Hard Rock Hotel is across the street as well. Very speedy check in. Almost within the blink of an eye. You do have the option of checking in through their automated system, or else you can check in with one of the nice ladies at the front desk. Sahara was really cool. She was able to accommodate my instructions from my Hyatt Passport account. (the usual for any Vegas hotel I stay at: High floor & view of the strip) Noticed that it was our first time on the property and offered us a tour of Hyatt Place. We ended up just going with a map and some few directions. Hotel offers free breakfast, pretty nice pool, gym and a lounge area to meet with friends for those pregame drinks. I really liked the room. Comfortable beds, separate living room area, comes with a small refrigator, bathroom and vanity room are separate, and a flat screen tv. The breakfast wasn't bad at all. Fairly simple.. But I'll take it. Mom ended up going with Corn Flakes, fruit and yogurt. And I went with the Rice Krispies. :) Overall my mom and I had a great experience. And will definitely add Hyatt Place onto my list of hotels to stay in.
4	Stayed here with 3 other girlfriends for a Vegas birthday weekend. The hotel is pretty modern/trendy looking, clean and spacious, with plenty of mirrors for us girls to get ready (you know that's important with 4 girls). There is a mini kitchenette with mini-fridge which was handy for leftovers and for keeping the alcohol we brought cold. The check-in was quick and it was easy to find parking. The hotel is located by the airport, which is convenient is you are flying in, but you can hear the planes land/take-off throughout the day which I can see can be bothersome to some people, but you get used to it. When we stayed the ice machine was broken on our floor as well as the fourth floor and I finally found one working on the second floor after riding the elevator up and down in my pajamas, which was a little embarrassing.We were unable to attend the complimentary continental breakfast, however they do have a variety of breakfast items, snacks, beverages and coffees available all day for purchase, which is convenient since they do not have a restaurant at the hotel. Our room overlooked the pool, which looked really nice, but it was too cold to go swimming when we went. At $107 for a Saturday night, it was a pretty gosh darn good value. I would definitely stay here again.
4	Your typical Hyatt Place, which in my opinion is quite a good thing. Great room, bathroom, and WiFi.The staff was extremely friendly. The strip is about a mile's walk away.As usual with the Hyatt Place hotels, I have a complaint about their strange and limited TV channels. Otherwise, their TV and the system they have for connecting your own laptop or DVD player to it is great.
3	Not bad. Clean, conveniently located. Not so good if you need internet. I was going to post a picture of the speedtest.net results for this place. Download speed .03mbps, upload speed .02mbps. I think dial-up does better.
4	Great location, consistent room and amenities, and fast and effective service.  Not complaints here!
5	This is a great hotel. Everything is very clean and updated. The Wifi is good the staff is super friendly & accommodating. This hotel is away from the strip but there is a hourly shuttle that will take you to Planet Hollywood.The pool is outdoor and very nice.This will sound strange but they have one of the best breakfast bars I have ever seen in a hotel. Fully equipped with fruits, steel cut oats with tons of toppings, breakfast sandwiches and starbucks brewed coffee.Had an 8 month old baby with us on this trip and had absolutely no problems with noise or anything. The shuttle drivers even let us bring our carseat on so it was easy for us to get the baby back and forth to the strip. Long story short, I liked this hotel.
5	Every other hotel we called was full up from last night (at 6:00AM). We needed to find a room and FAST! They could get us a room before noon (which beat the 3pm check in others were offering). They let us help ourselves to the continental breakfast and hang by the pool until our room was ready. Fast, friendly service, definitely looking out for the best interest of the customers (unlike EVERY SINGLE HOTEL ON THE STRIP) -- It is about a mile off the strip, but there's a shuttle to take you there and back until 10:30PM and after that, it's an easy walk with a friend, kitty corner form Hard Rock Cafe. Very clean rooms with amazing pullout couches. VERY REASONABLY PRICED! If you're looking for service and quiet and a peaceful getaway (still close to the strip) THIS IS THE PLACE TO BE!
4	I actually enjoyed my stay here at the Hyatt although I didn't quite spend a lot of time in it. It's definitely clean and sterile because you can smell it down the hallway and in the room, but it soon airs out. The service there is undeniably good. They called to make sure everything was good after check-in. They weirdly left a slip as to why they didn't clean the room. The brought a remote and extra blanket to the room without questions.We comfortably fit 5 people in the room and could've easily fit 6-7 people. There are many cups for drinking, if you know what i mean. There was an iron, a big tv, two big mirrors, etc etc. It was nice. There was no problem with the noise. It was honestly a good stay overall. There is a liquor store and a CVS nearby and no problem driving to the strip at all.
5	This hotel is the best place to stay if you need to be close to the Hard Rock Hotel but don't want to pay for whatever it costs to stay there (which I'm guessing is around $200 or more a night?). I stayed here for New Year's Eve weekend and it was surprisingly still affordable for a cheapskate like me. They have a complimentary airport shuttle and a shuttle to take you to the strip (Planet Hollywood). I do wish there were more shuttle times and it stinks that they don't make more than one trip at the desired hour if the shuttle happens to be full when you get there. It's not like they're driving 20 minutes away or whatever. The hotel is conveniently across the street from a CVS and strip mall area with restaurants- I highly recommend Capriotti's for some delicious sandwiches. The hotel from the outside doesn't look all that special, but once you're inside and you're all settled in your room- it's fantastic. I had a room with two double beds that probably could've fit another two or three people on the sofa bed in the living room area (and if you're one of *those* kinds of people that like to have 6 or more people in your room, you'd have plenty of room to fit an airbed or two in there haha). Good bathroom area and kind of a small closet space. Beds are comfy, lots of pillows around there and the sofa. Free WiFi is good too. The complimentary breakfast is really nice- two options of breakfast sandwiches, waffles, oatmeal, cereal, an assortment of juices, coffee, and tea. Staff was mostly good too.Really great hotel all around. I'd gladly stay here again if I need to be at this part of Vegas again.
5	This place is great! Its in a nice location off the strip and right by the hard rock. The rooms are spacious and come with a coutch area separate from the bed area. The staff is always helpful and friendly...
4	Very clean and all but 1 if the staff members have been friendly. Don't plan on walking to the strip from this location. Rooms are large, breakfast is free and better than the typical hotel continental breakfast, and parking is aplenty and free. Would stay again for a quiet's night sleep and a clean room. Wifi is free which was nice.
4	Went to Vegas on a Whim used the cell phone to look up hotwire.com rolled the dice on 3 star hotel near strip (No Name). My wife and won with little Gem of a Hotel. Room was big and nice. Free Breakfast (The Works) 10-15 walk to the heart of the Strip. $100 on a SaT and it was a busy St Pattys day weekend. There are still some good deals in Vegas!
3	We stayed here for 2 nights.   The staff needed a little help on customer service and on the idea of a smile goes a long way.  I felt uncomfortable being around their staff.  They looked at me like I was in the wrong place or that I was about to rob the place.  Ughh!
3	Clean.  Easy parking.  Away from the hub of the strip.  Across from a CVS pharmacy in case you forgot to bring something and right near the Hofbrauhaus if you crave a Wurst.  Big rooms where, if you need to, you can pack in several people, so good for a family.Negatives: Tub stopper did not work.  On-switch for the in-room coffeemaker broke the second day.  Information given by the friendly night clerk was out of synch with info given by the surly day clerk who acted like he'd rather be doing anything except working. Wifi signal weak on the sixth floor.
4	This pace pretty much has it all. It's not the luxury type of hotel (if that's what you're looking for), but I would take this hotel any day over some of the pricier ones that are on the strip. First of all, it has no casino, but there's one every 5 feet in Vegas, so who cares.  Also, no casino means no heavy smoke, so this hotel is smoke free and I love it, especially if you're traveling with kids. The hotel is only like 6 stories tall and has two sets of elevators so waiting and carting around your luggage is way less of a pain. Nothing beats a 1 minute travel time from parked car to a/c'd room.  You know how finding parking in other hotels' mass parking garage 50 miles away from your hotel tower room entrance is one of the worst nightmares, especially when coming back to your room at 3 or 6 am. This hotel is literally kiddie corner to Hard Rock so while it's off the strip, it's close and convenient to everything...especially the airport. You can hear some of the airplanes, but it's minor and we've all put up with those drunk asses at other hotels that yell, cartwheel down the hall and pound on doors when you're trying to sleep.Wifi (something you can never get without paying like $12 extra per day) IS FREE HERE! They even offer free printing and internet service downstairs so you can get things like your airline boarding passes free. Free continental breakfast is also included (and not too shabby either). I'm eating French toast, yogurt, sausages, and eggs right now.  All for free.The room has a separate sitting area, with L-shaped sofa included and flat screen tv that swivels so you can see it from any angle. It even has more cable channels than what you get at other hotels.  Coffee maker with FREE coffee AND a small mini fridge is also included.This hotel cost me way less than other places I've stayed in Vegas, but has WAY more perks. I'd def stay here again.
5	I never really spent much time off the strip before, but for a classical literature conference at UNLV, we were placed here as a group.First off, this is a Hyatt Place, which is the Hyatt brand of extended stay hotels.  They offer a rather large room, with a couch and plenty of space to spread out.  This isn't a luxury hotel on the strip, it's well off the strip, but there is a shuttle that takes you to Planet Hollywood if you need that fix while you are down there.  You get a clean room, with Wi-Fi, which is free, and there is a free breakfast in the morning, with exactly what you expect... eggs, sausage, fruit and pastries.  Orange Juice, apple juice and milk is there too.  They have plenty of places to eat, and if you are having meetings, they have meeting rooms here also.  Parking is free, and it's just outside.  There is a CVS across the street... and if you are into the Hofbrauhaus... it's in the same parking lot... WHAT?!?! This is a great hotel if you are looking to stay off the strip, and while I tend to stay at the Westin, this is only minutes from the airport and it was across the street from UNLV.  Perfect for anyone going/visiting UNLV, and looking for good accommodations.
2	We just stayed Hyatt place for 4 nights, kind of disappointment.  I will say this hyatt place kind of like another Best Western. We stayed 3 different Hyatt Place, this is the only one my family don't like it. It says no smoking place, but you can smell smoke since you walk in even they don't have casino ( this is my major reason to pick this hotel).  Free breakfast is ok, not too fancy, but fresh, staff is nice.
3	Pros: Suite rooms at affordable prices, continental breakfast, clean and quiet alternative to casino hotels, nice staffCons: Found bedsheets with ripped tears in them, shuttle didn't run at the time when we needed it most on New Years Eve (I think they stopped running at 5 or 6), continental breakfast was TERRIBLE (rubbery pancakes which you couldn't cut with a plastic knife, soured skim milk, etc.), well off the strip so inconvenient for those without a carWould not stay here for New Year's Eve again, but could be an ok place to stay if you like to avoid the noise and craziness of the strip for a quieter neighborhood.
4	Smoke Free how I love thee!!! Friendly and helpful staff. Pool was wonderful and so glad they gave me a late checkout to enjoy it before my long ride home. They do not have discount tickets to events but they will steer you in the right direction. It's enough off the strip for quiet sleeping but with in walking distance. (Not high heel walking distance) Only issue you must call the front desk and let them know you want to take the scheduled shuttle if not they don't run them regularly. Don't trust the paper they give you. Talk to the people at the front desk and get there 10 minutes prior to the shuttle leaving. Will return.
4	I had an issue and they resolved it.  Fairly inexpensive so I'd go back.
5	Very nice place to stay.  Includes breakfast and internet, and unlike just about everywhere in Vegas, it doesn't have a resort fee.  Located next to Hofbrauhaus.  Ask for a room on Swenson side, Paradise side is opposite Hard Rock Hotel and can be a little noisier.  Breakfast buffet is not the Bellagio but not bad for free.  Includes fresh fruit, cottage cheese, yogurt, scrambled eggs, sausages, cold cereals, toast. Food was generally fresh and the area was kept clean in spite of sloppy guests.Clientele is an odd mix of Southwest Airlines employees and muscled 20-somethings who are too cheap to stay at the Hard Rock.Neighborhood is a little sketchy; seems to be near a halfway house or rehab facility but the hotel has 24-hour security outside.  Was not a problem for us.  I suggest renting a car if you stay there as it is only walking distance to the Hard Rock and a few restaurants and that is about it.A fantastic deal on a holiday weekend if you have Hyatt Gold Passport points.
5	Quiet. Friendly. Clean. Reasonable price. We were just in for one night, flew in VERY late (staff was friendly with our 1am check-in) and we left the next morning for a trip to Zion. Exactly what we needed and I would stay here again if we needed something close to the airport. Two thumbs up.
4	Me and a few friends stayed here for a weekend to watch the NBA summer league and I really enjoyed my stay. It's a good combination of quality, while not being too far from the strip or being too expensive. It also includes breakfast and has free wifi (which is actually pretty fast).The room I stayed in didn't vary much from your typical hotel room, but it did have two sinks, which made getting ready in the morning go a little quicker for our group and a couch/futon, which was surprisingly comfortable to sleep on. Another thing I really enjoyed was the fitness room. After eating a bunch of food at a buffet, I felt I needed some exercise and was surprised to find that it had everything I need. There are several machines for cardio and dumbbells up to 50 pounds. Overall, it's a quality place to stay without having to spend too much, but by no means is it anything too fancy.
4	I'm not a fan of the room layouts (with the TV on a little wall opposite a split between the bed and sitting areas). But the service at this particular place was outstanding. The staff were extremely accommodating, conscientious, friendly, and sincere. They did everything they were supposed to do and more, making it clear that helping me was not annoying nor out of their way. They made what might have been an average-grade stay much better than average. For a reasonably priced, peaceful option nestled between UNLV and the Strip, this is a good bet. I'd stay again in a hurry.
4	When my friends and I were in our early 20s.. we were "ballers on a budget", always staying on the strip. Wynn, Encore, Venetian, and Aria. We used to pack  8-10 girls in a room and took turns sleeping on the floor. Ahhh.. those were the good ole days before we had trouble sleeping due to back problems! HA!Now that we're in our mid-twenties, we're just on a budget! Gotta be "responsible" and save up for that down payment on a mortgage ya know what I mean?! LOL! The Hyatt is off strip but conveniently located next to CVS. They have FREE breakfast and a FREE shuttle that leaves every hour to Planet Hollywood. See how this goes with our plans to be on a budget? ;)                               So I went from being a baller on a budget...to just being on a budget! My frugal Asian parents would be proud! There are TWO sinks in the room, and FOUR mirrors! Which was awesome because my three friends and I were able to get ready during the same time and didn't have to wait around for good lighting to do our makeup! Girl problems, I know! Hyatt Place is also located next to UNLV if you're planning to visit. There isn't a casino, and it's a no smoking hotel so major plus!We booked a room for two queen beds, but the beds were actually full sized! It was a tight fit for two girls to sleep on a full bed. So minus 1 star for that. Overall a great hotel if you want to stay off strip. It was quiet! Gone are the days at Encore, and hearing the music at XS late into the night! Yay!Hopefully, being on a budget will result in us being just BALLERS in our late twenties!
4	I dislike staying off the strip in Vegas, but for this trip, it was for business, so the company booked me a room at the Hyatt.I was injured before my trip, so I came hobbling in with crutches. The clerk asked if I wanted a walk in shower. HECK YEAH! She was very accommodating,  and the best part is that there's a buffet breakfast in the morning. It ends at 930 am, so wake up and grab some food.There's no casino, so I can had cab it to MGM to get my gamble on. The fare is $10, and that includes the tip. Not bad.I probably wouldn't stay at Hyatt on my own time because I like the casinos, but my stay here was enjoyable and pleasant.
5	This hotel is a gem.  More important than this Hyatt Place's great location and immaculate facility, the staff appears to understand the importance of stellar customer service.  During my four-day stay, I found that each employee (whether at the front desk, in the breakfast area, maintaining the pool, preparing rooms or in a managerial position) acted as if he/she owned the hotel - with special kudos to Bryan, Alex, Casilda, Jesus and Joseph.  This property's operating process/culture is a terrific model and an asset to the Hyatt Place brand.
3	Nice facility. Long walk (1 mi) to strip. Beware...hidden fee of $75 per night for pets. Not disclosed at booking. Called and asked before we went and they never told us about fee. Otherwise good value. Booked hotwire for $64 for two queen suite.
