2	I went there for brunch with a couple of friends. The location is one of the best in Old Montreal, however, this brunch was a bit overpriced considering the quality of the food.
4	Beautiful hotel, I actually took pictures of a few of the furnishings in the room.  Molton Brown products which I love, beautiful marble bathrooms (although I would prefer a bathtub) with huge showers.  My only negative was that when I went downstairs to get a coffee in the morning, the bar happily gave me one in a to-go cup.  They also happily added $8 to my bill....for coffee....I think all high end hotels should have free coffee but if you are going to charge for it, at least try to stay under what Starbucks charges for a triple dolce nonfat carmel latte red-eye.
3	My wife and I spent the weekend in Montreal, and were disappointed in the level of amenities provided in this five-star hotel.  We anticipated that there would be a comfortable lounge with multiple seating areas and service for drinks or light appetizers, and instead there was a shabby "library" adjacent to the drafty main entrance, which served as a waiting room for guests checking in.  Not a place you want to sit and have a drink.  There is not really a lounge in this hotel at all.  The fitness center was promoted as being "state of the art" although there was one treadmill, one weight machine, and a couple of other pieces of equipment in a basement room.  The "spa" is one treatment room with stone walls, and there are zero amenities available to hotel guests.  The steam room is really just a steam shower, and you cannot access this unless you have purchased a treatment in that room.  There is not even a bathroom at the spa level, nor is anyone sitting at the desk unless they are waiting for an appointment.  My wife found this basement area to be creepy, and I found it to be nowhere near a five-star level.  The breakfast included with our booking turned out to be a continental breakfast only, which was adequate for us, but perhaps not for someone else - lesser value than I expected.  I was particularly insulted, however, by the fact that I was charged $6.00 for a cup of regular coffee in a take-out cup.  I came to the lobby early in the morning looking to bring coffee upstairs while I did some work, and was astounded at the nerve of the hotel charging this much for coffee - they need to get a clue from the Four Seasons about service - free coffee in the morning is five-star - this was not.  This charge for the coffee was consistent with the $20 per day WiFi charge we were compelled to pay - let's get real about service - free internet is service-oriented, charging for it, let alone $20 per day for it, is not.  Other than these complaints, the room was very nice and comfortable, and the hotel location was great.  What nearly made up for the hotel's shortcomings was the excellent concierge staff, particularly Simon, who were so accommodating and knowledgeable about what we New Yorkers would want to do and see.  They sent us for an incredible meal at Barroco, which really made our trip, and were so informative and responsive.  Overall, we will never stay at this hotel again and I do not consider it to be a five-star hotel, although the staff was well-trained and accommodating.
5	Great service. Very polite. Very funny bell men. Only problem they all like the Montreal Canadians.
5	A gorgeous hotel with impeccable service.I stayed here with my grandmother for my cousin's wedding weekend. There's a small lobby with a beautiful library that offer free WiFi. We had a beautiful room. Two large flat screens and a nice sitting room. The bathroom was awesome: all marble with a tub and a shower, Kohler fixtures, AMAZING water pressure. They were completely accommodating to my grandmother, who hadn't travelled in several years. Room service was prompt and pleasant. Comfy beds. Everything was very clean and well kept.Sure, it's pricey. We had lunch in the XO restaurant, which is gorgeous, but I wouldn't recommend it to eat -- 5 of us had green salads and it cost over $200! A latte for $8. Ridiculous.But be sure to check out the spa, which used to be the vault (the hotel used to be a bank). Stone walls and vaulted ceilings are gorgeous.I would love to stay here again on my next trip to Montreal!
5	My boyfriend took me to Montreal and we stayed here for a night. It was SO nice and the service is great. Book through a travel website and they'll usually include a free breakfast. They were very accommodating and nice here. I will definitely stay here when I come back. The location is also great.
4	This hotel is rich with history and design. The lobby isn't huge but they have a wonderful reading room. The front desk is staffed with very capable personnel. Whatever you need it's available within minutes. I needed a reservation at a restaurant and the concierge took care of it within hours.It was a Saturday evening and he still got it done.My room was a junior suite, not bad but not what I expected in a suite. The bathroom was great and bath products very high grade. When I return to Montreal I probably won't stay at Le St. James, not because I didn't like it but I'd rather stay in a hipper neighborhood. Something close to the bars and cafes.
4	Service was good. A bit under staffed. The restaurant/bar in the lobby is a place to see and be seen. The location of the hotel is magnificent.
