2	another near-grassmarket kiddie club on cowgate. this one was a little more fun than the other ones we tried though. two floors full of 18 to early 20-somethings shaking it to pop, hip hop, classic dance anthems and commercial club tunes. easy on those stairs when you're hammered; it's easy to land on your ass if you don't tread gingerly!
4	Delightfully sketchy.  I don't think I would enjoy it now in my old age, but this was the site of a lot of good times.First of all, I don't know if this is still the case, but  this place had some ridiculous pole dancing contests.  A friend told me that she drank out of the toilet at this place on the night she actually entered the contest and I thought she was really hardcore.  She just meant that she drank from the bathroom sink, since the "toilet" is the bathroom to the crazy Brits, but for weeks I had images of a tiny adorable blonde lapping up toiletwater.  Once I snogged a lad here that I thought was right fit but I was really drunk and my flatmates said he looked like a farmer.  Fail.It also has the illustrious honor of being the cowgate club that I threw up in front of on at least one occasion.  I will always cherish it for that reason.
3	I have to be honest, I'm not usually a huge fan of Cowgate. In fact I'm never really a fan of it. But last time I was dragged along on a night out in this neck of the woods for a friend's birthday we ended up in Siglo, and as far as the clubs on Cowate go this is definitely the best.The music's nothing spectacular, as in it's nothing that you won't hear during the day on any music channel or radio station, but on the plus side at least you'll know what to expect and you'll recognise most of the songs. Also, the venue is surprisingly spacious for the Old Town, so it doesn't have that cramped and sweaty feel that so many other places along here do.That said, you can expect to be elbowed in the back/head/etc at regular intervals due to the sheer numbers of people here; and due to the number of lads' stag or birthday dos you can expect to have your bum grabbed even more often. If you go during the week, drinks are quite good value, but at the weekend you'll pay just as much as you would in any 'nicer' club.It wouldn't be my first choice of where to head to on a night out, but if you're going out on the Cowgate then this is definitely the best of a bad lot... Just make sure you go in a big group.
3	There used to be a PR guy or girl outside here trying to entice you with the promise of free shots. We were hounded by the PR guy outside to come in for a free shot and being students, the offer of a free drink was too good to refuse. Turns out it was a bit of a con because you had to buy a drink first to receive your shot. They probably don't do this any more because of licensing laws, but it was an okay treat while it lasted.After enjoying our free shot we realized that this place wasn't that great, the music was a bit cheesy and there was far too many LADS ON TOUR. Seems to be the place to go for a football lads birthday night out, so it can be a little sleazy. Not my thing but the fact it is quite big and not a tiny cave, wins it an extra star.
2	Siglo has a pole on the dance floor, and usually that in itself would surround the place in a shining light of dancing opportunity and amazingness that would mesmerise me and take my concentration away from the rest of the bar/nightclub. This decoy, unfortunately, can only last for so long, and as the pole dancing dies down, and the trance wears off, I usually remember that Siglo, as much as there's nothing particularly wrong with it, is just like a lot of other bars around Edinburgh, which I feel have great potential to be amazing, but just need to funk things up a bit. There's a lot more room in here than most places mind, with an upstairs and downstairs level for imbibing, so you shouldn't have any trouble finding some space to drink, even if you're in a big group. Good place to meet a mix of people, as it's right in the middle of the Cowgate, and a lot of tourists seem to come here during the festival in August, so you're bound to meet someone interesting, whether you're a local looking for a change from Edinburgh chit chat, or the other way round.
2	They should give you MDMA with the admission to make the place more exciting. Bad music, bad fake tans and bad attitudes of the overworked staff.Good if you're a 40 year old looking to pick up a 16 year old girl.
2	Slappers.Drunks.Cheap paintstripper booze.Awful music.Violence.Same as pretty much any other nightclub then. Awful.
2	I've been to Siglo twice and both times it's been a last resort, sub-standard night in the Cowgate.  This is where my friends and I go if The Hive, Cabaret Voltaire, Opium and just about any other club in the area is at maximum capacity.  The drinks are relatively cheap so I can't criticise it on that front.  The problem is that it just isn't fun! For example, the last time I was in there it was pouring with rain (not Siglo's fault, admittedly) and we sheltered ourselves in the bar hoping to just go with the flow and have a great night anyway.  Whilst waiting to be served a creepy, desperate man in his mid-fifties literally tried to chat every one of us up (male and female) until we ascended for the respite of the upstairs dancefloor - or so we thought.  The atmosphere felt threatening and the men's toilets were reminiscent of a crack den.   I have, however, only been to Siglo twice and I'm sure other people have had better experiences of it than I did.  Moreover, it is also a pub which serves decent food during the day.  As a nightclub, however, I certainly don't recommend it.
1	I've lived in Edinburgh for over 4 years and I've walked past this place almost every day, and not once have I been tempted to go in.It's huge, it's tacky and it's a place to go if you want to pull. All the way.It's really rough too, there are ALWAYS police cars here. I think they close the grassmarket after 10pm at the weekend purely to keep people who go to Siglo alive.
3	Each time I have visited Siglo it has been karaoke night. And what a couple of nights it has been, with one of our group ending up in accident and emergency one night and then the other one was started on by some drunken man! Apart from that though, I have quite enjoyed my time at Siglo. Drinks are cheap and cheery, and the atmosphere on karaoke night is always good. The majority of people are having a good time, even though there have been some pretty awful performances during the karaoke! However, this place does have the tendency to attract some people who do not know how to handle their drink and behave, and this reputation has led to a police presence outside the club with the police driving past this place to keep a lid on any trouble! If you don't knock in to any idiots, this place is a great place for a karaoke night out!
5	Thursday night Karaoke.....I have to say this is one of the best Karaoke nights in town, with some really good singers and some really awful one's too! The presenter is a good host, who is not bad at the singing too!It is open until 3am, so even if you are on a night out and fancy a song later on, its worth a visit....
1	Appalling bar. My friend got his jaw broken and wallet stolen in the toilets, told the bouncers but they were reluctant to do anything about it and as a result the 2 men walked out, and attacked another person up the street. The drinks are cheap but it's not worth it for the awful music and general violent ambiance in there.
5	Thursday night Karaoke.....Excellent night, good crowd, reasonable drinks/offers and open until 3am...Really good atmosphere and having read some of the previous reviews, have found the venue well run on both the Thursday's I have been along to.If you're a Karaoke fan, then this is one night worth popping along to.
1	Ever walked into somewhere and instantly regretted it? Most sane folk (and even some of the less sane ones) will get that feeling as they enter Siglo. There is an air of desperation to the place, which is almost oppressive, it wouldn't be far wrong to refer to Siglo as a meat market.The staff try, however they can barely hear you over the awful music and I doubt the pay/tips are worth the leering jeering crowd of drunks constantly bustling to be the next served.In honesty I can only recommend this bar to any anthropologists or psychologists out there, it would make for an interesting study... Everyone else should avoid unless lacking all self respect.
3	Its closed down...Looks like its being refitted.....RIP Siglo then?
