5	Absolutely delicious gourmet pizza!! So glad Round Table is in our neighborhood!! The lunch buffet is awesome too-- all you can eat pizza and salad bar for just $6.99! Great deal! Love this place! Best pizza delivery ever!
5	I can't believe I never wrote a review of this location! The lady manager is really nice and the food is always fresh and hot. I've been here so many times I've lost count. I grew up on round tables in California since I was a little girl and now I bring my daughter to round tables. Best pizza ever!!!
3	First I'll say the pizza was delicious and the price for the lunch buffet was reasonable.  For that reason I'm sure I'll go back one day.  The reason I rated them only three stars is when I went there the place was about half full of people.  Every (and I mean every) table that was empty had not been bused and had dirty dishes on them.  There were only three workers and they were busy trying to cashier and get the food out. Finally one of them came out and cleaned some of the tables.  She was pretty frantic because they were short on help (and don't blame her) and was running all around.  The pizza's came out for the buffet one at time. With so many people in the restaurant the pizza was gone in minutes.  People were standing around waiting for more.  The salad bar was good but many of the things were empty.  You could tell no one had filled it in a while.  Eventually more pizza came out so it wasn't as crazy.  Again the pizza was very good but the place was a mess and clearly under staffed.  When I left I went to wash my hands - ooops, no paper towels in the bathroom.  Thought I'd grab a seat cover in lieu of the paper towel, but there were none.  Walked out with my hands dripping wet all over the floor.  First time I've been here, not a very good impression - but the pizza was good :).
3	Food was good!
5	One of my favorite pizza joints in town. The cinnamon twist are to die for . there's never a problem with customers service.  I love that they have multiple choices for vegetations. and multiple sauces white and red. I LOVE it. Not the same boring pizzas all the time.
1	I personally did not enjoy their pizza. Not only is their regular sauce zesty, but the pizza as a whole was not good. Reheated was even worse and in fact not edible. I ordered in the restaurant, but took the pizza home. When I complained online they did not offer to reimburse me and they called me a liar. Terrible customer service from corporate.
5	Stopped in for dinner buffet on Tuesday night and was so happy to see they were showing Movies in their banquet room for kids. It kept my 4 year old occupied while he ate. The night I was there was Lego movie. The total for me and my son was about $15 including drinks. Selection of pizzas was great. The biggest draw for me is the salad bar. It's a big salad bar with a lot of selections of fresh veggies. They have 3 different lettuces to choose from which I love.
4	First off I was shocked how good there pizza is. Yes it is a zestier pizza sauce, non traditional form of pizza sauce. I was thinking it would of been more like chucky cheese pizza. However I really did like the this style crust alot better then dominos pizza and flavor wise taste better/ fresher. However my gripe is the chicken bits and the Polynesian wing sauce, little to no sauce and at times felt like you where eating gristle etc. Recommendation  try chicken wings. Pizza was there meat special, and was quite nice. They do deliver to 89108 area code if you where looking at places.
5	Friendly service and very clean inside.  Great pizza
4	So I went back the other day because the manager had generously offered me a free buffet due to my previous visit.  I got there early before the lunch rush.  Everything was stocked, there were four pizzas out and they kept on coming. The staff and manager were very friendly - even asked me what type of pizza I wanted. The pepperoni and jalapeno pizza was the best.  What a difference from last time.  The pizza was delicious and everything on the salad bar was fresh.  The tables were clean and there were paper towels in the bathroom. I will definitely go back again.
4	Great place to eat in for pizza. The Maui Zaui pizza was really good. Italian garlic supreme was delicious too. Service was fast and friendly.  Would come back again.
2	Came with the daughter for the lunch buffet on a Saturday, and probably will not be back. The place was packed, and there was absolutely no seating in the place. Despite the lack of seating, the people at the counter kept ringing people up. The kitchen could not keep up with the buffet, and the most pizza I ever saw on the buffet was about a half of a pizza. As soon as it was served, it was descended upon by all of the patrons waiting to grab it.Food was ok, as far as pizza joints go, but I would rather pay more and not have to sprint for the first available bit of food. Might be a different experience on a weekday, or less crowded time.
