5	Hilton just purchased this hotel from the former owners. They are doing a great job redecorating the place and adding their touch. I like it already. Signature Doubletree breakfast already in place.Thank you Hilton!
3	So this place only recently converted over to a Doubletree.  While the conversion has been done well, there certainly are a few un-Doubletree details around.First, the good.  The suites are huge.  I don't know how the previous hotel was, but the rooms are very well done.  Hardwood entryways, brand new bathroom sink fixtures, new flatscreen HDTVs.  (For those who want to bring their own devices, the TV does accept outside inputs via HDMI - PS3, Roku, etc.)  The hotel Wi-Fi is pretty fast - fast enough for Netflix - although I had iffy connections to Verizon, T-Mobile, and AT&T.  They could be fast and they could also slip and lose the connection entirely.The Meh.  The minifridge is very small (about half the size of a standard minifridge).  The sinks drain slowly and the showers reveal the age of the original suites - with older fixtures and very non-descript design.  Also, the suites have these weird "wave" patterns on the walls and ceilings of the room and bathroom.  It may have been a theme of the original hotel.  They're these wave inserts that are then painted over.  They're very odd.There is a restaurant and bar available on site and for those who qualify, there is the standard Doubletree breakfast buffet.  It's all the basics but there isn't an omelette bar, if that's your thing.  The fitness center is attached to the conference center.  It's in a kind of dreary conference room with beige walls, but there are two treadmills, three ellipticals, a full rack of dumbbells and a few weight machines.  The space is huge and they've equipped it with a couple of televisions as well.They've done an excellent job with this property.  Parking is abundant and free.  Very easy access to the freeway - both I-10 and Highway 60.  The only reason I'm docking it down to 3 stars is my stay coincided with some sort of Police Officers conference.  The attendees were only there during the day, but essentially from 8am - 6pm, they took up all the parking spots, all the not-really-parking spots, and all available street parking within a couple blocks.  It was insane. I gave up trying to come back anytime before the conference let up.  I understand the hotel needs to use these opportunities to earn money during the day, but there needs to be some respect for the guests staying in the hotel as well.
4	I don't have anything bad to say about my recent stay here. I arrived on Wednesday and left on Sunday and all of the staff were very nice and attentive. My room was great as were all of my meals in the restaurant.  And the cookies rock that they give you when checking in!
2	It was Annual Team Appreciation Event time again, this time my company chose Doubletree by Hilton to host the event. Our theme this year was Casino Night, so this review is more about the hosting then about the hotel rooms.  2 years ago my company did the same event, almost to a T, but at that time it was still the Fiesta Resort, since then it has changed over to the Doubletree and to be honest the only thing that looked different was the name of the place.We were in one of the banquet rooms in the back by the pool area, which really wasn't bad, the set up was nice, we had seating for 60, dance floor & dj and room for 2 poker tables, 3 blackjack tables and a crap table and a cash bar.   The buffet spread was to include not only the food but unlimited ice tea & coffee, and on the tables where placed fresh cream and sugar for those who liked it in their coffee, but getting the tea or coffee, well that was a whole different story. My coworker asked twice for a cup of coffee and never got it, I asked 4 times for a glass of tea and was given an eye roll, and to get that glass refilled or even to have our water glasses refilled took a little effort on getting a server willing to do it, but they were quick to remove your plate before even giving you a chance to see if you wanted to get something else to eat.  The buffet menu for the night:  New York Roast Strip Loin thinly sliced in a bourbon demi, pan seared chicken drilled with rosemary & basil, and garlic mashed potatoes, salad, seasonal fresh fruit, marinated fresh veggies, dessert, bread & butter.  Ok let me break it down for you. The fresh fruit was really good, the marinated fresh veggies was more like a veggie salad, all veggies were raw and had like a creamy Italian dressing on it, very very good, the thinly sliced new York strip, well tasted like my Grammys pot roast, yet not as tender, for the thin slices they didn't cut up well with the butter knifes we were provided with. The chicken looked great, but lacked in the flavor, the potatoes had a hint of garlic, but were on the cool side. The winner for the night was a Reeses peanut butter cream pie, I didn't try it but everyone loved it, I had a very rich chocolate mousse pie, which was good, but way too rich for me. Even though we had a cash bar, most of the ones drinking went to the actual bar in the lobby because at the cash bar the drinks were bad.Now why am I picky about this, like I said my company did this event to the T 2 years ago under the Fiesta Resort, almost spot on menu too, but the service and the food were impeccable we were so pampered and it left an lasting impression on us to want to have The Doubletree host the same event for us. I know 2 different companies but I just expected a little better service from Doubletree Hilton, so very disappointed!  I personally would not pick this place to host an event for me.
4	Went to my husband's company party here. Nice place, friendly staff, great food for the meal, but found it rather odd that there wasn't coffee or iced tea available for drinking. Since we aren't much into alcohol, we didn't partake in the cash bar and wasn't about to get soda from there, so we settled for refreshing ice water the whole evening.As far as the festivities went, we were in a nice big room, complete with gambling tables from a party service and a live DJ, complete with quite a mixture of music and a colorful disco light. There was a decent-sized dance floor for gettin' down and boogiein' too. The thing that disappointed me, as I mentioned before, was the fact there wasn't coffee or iced tea to enjoy, despite the fact there were coffee cups on the tables and little pitchers of creamer for the non-existant coffee.
4	clean.helpful staff.nice location.good complimentary breakfast.
3	Convenient location and decent rooms, but because it's all outdoor access to the rooms it gets very noisy when people are talking or moving around.It is a reasonably decent place, especially the very friendly and helpful staff, but if they're going to brand this as a Doubletree by Hilton they need to be able to live up to the brand.
3	Clean rooms. AC has a hard time keeping the room cool. But nice grounds and friendly staff.  The bar does get backed up at peak hours.
5	I can't say enough good things about this place! It was our first time here in Arizona going for a quick one day trip for our friends wedding. First off, they have free shuttle service to and from the airport. Mike who was our driver was the best! Quick pick up, very friendly and not to mention funny guy. When we arrived to our hotel, we were greeted by even more friendly staff (I forgot the young ladies name at the front) and two delicious warm chocolate chip cookies. Our room was also very spacious with a comfortable bed. The best part of our stay I have to say was when Mike offered to take us to our wedding location since it was close by. He also gave us a quick tour of the area on the way there. I will definitely stay there again and recommend them highly!
5	Stayed for one night. Great staff and very accommodating rooms. Check in was simple and was given a map of the grounds which helped when trying to find the ice machines later that night. Rooms are very nice with very comfy beds. TV is limited on channels but not a big deal. Overall amazing stay.  The cookies are the bomb too. ;)
2	I was very disappointed with this place because it has such great potential. Big rooms, big resort, close to the airport and down town Tempe. But the staff were lazy and rude to me. I stayed in the eagles nest after my wedding and the floors were extremely sticky from the people who trashed the room the night before. I also kept kicking those awful bed frames! I had a huge bruise on my leg from hitting those stupid things. It also took forever to even get into my room before the wedding so I could get ready. As a result I was late for taking my wedding pictures and we ran out of time to take family pictures. All because the people at the front desk made me wait almost an hour in the lobby before one of my bridesmaids finally complained about waiting and they put us into another temporary room. Why didn't they do that in the first place if they knew my room wasn't going to be ready? Basically I left feeling  that the girls that were working that morning at the front deck were rude and not helpful. My parents stayed in the presidential suite with my son and his cousin. The children were forced to sleep on a pull out mattress that had no linen. My parents had to put towels down for the kids to sleep on. And there were no extra pillows. Some of my guests had to switch rooms because the ac was not working. Over all the only good thing about this place was the price of the rooms. But service there SUCKS. At least when I stayed there.
3	Sadly we had an awful experience here with the exception of checkout. We live in the apartment complex next door and our air conditioner broke in the middle of the night. Emergency maintenance told us to check in to this hotel and the apartment company reimburses for issues like these. It started with a phone call to the hotel to see if they had vacancy. The woman who answered literally did not respond for at least a minute to which my boyfriend said "hello?" Thinking he had lost connection. She responded with total attitude "yeah I'm here". She said they had vacancy but was all over the place with pricing. So off we went....When we went into the lobby literally 5 minutes later, she (Caroline) pretended like she had no idea what we were talking about when we said we just called. This was clearly the same person. Check in was painful, with her being the most unfriendly front desk attendant I had ever come in contact with. I will admit it was 3 in the morning, but hey we didn't want to be there either! The hotel room itself was clean and comfortable and most importantly cool! We were woken up at 10 am by housekeeping, but it was our fault for not putting the do not disturb sign outside. Check out redeemed this hotel for us with a very friendly front desk attendant, whose name I forgot. She apologized for the inconvenient experience we had at check in. She also said the $139 we were quoted was incorrect and said the room should have been $99 and offered us the AAA discount (I had it anyways but nice of her to offer) took it down to $89. She did mention the system went down last night which is why the pricing might be off, however it didn't excuse the unpleasant manner of Caroline. Would we stay here agin? Possibly for out of town guests visiting as it's close and affordable.
3	I had very mixed feelings about this hotel.  We used about 40,000 Hilton points but were still out $100 or so for two nights.  If it had cost any more actual money I'd be much more annoyed.  For $50 a night it was a great deal.Check in was fine and friendly.  The pool was nice (deep, too at 9 feet).  The hot tub was chlorine but the pool was salt so we were able to spend a lot of time there with the kids.  Everyone was friendly.  The crowd wasn't too rowdy.  The window in the room actually opened.  In-room coffee.  Decent tv selection.  Free, actually usable, wi-fi.In all, though, it just feels like an expensive Motel 6.  And I don't mean that in a bad way at all.  It's clean, convenient accommodations.  It would be a great place for a small convention.  it's just not a "resort" in any sense of the word if that's what you're after.  Parking is terrible and confusing (very few spots near our actual room, but plentiful spots all the way across the entire complex).  Rooms are cramped not necessarily for lack of space but by too much stuff. The bathroom was very much a "lipstick on a pig" situation and needed updating.  The A/C was awful.  It was too cold when running and too hot when not running.  No free breakfast, not even coffee and donuts.  For $150 a night (normal rate) I expect a little more shine.  Again, the 3-star review is not even negative.  It's an honest "A-OK."  It was clean and close to where we needed to be.
4	We stayed here a few years ago when we were in Tempe. The hotel is nice. The people who work here are friendly and helpful. The pool is really nice. The only complaint is that it seemed like the heat in the spa was not working so the water was cold.
2	Checked into a large and spacious room. Decent furnishings, but room is dated.  Performed a UV light scan before getting into bed,  finding one of my pillows to be stained and a bottom sheet.  The remote control was not cleaned and filthy.  For a hilton you would expect water bottles in the room? Bath tub dated and appeared dirty. Warning in room air conditioning system is a wall unit that's louder than the TV! It made it difficult to sleep. I woke up either warm or freezing or due to the noise several times.  The kicker is went to the restaurant for breakfast and no vouchers if you booked through hotwire. Paid $15 to eat powdered eggs and drink watered down juice.  Then waitress refilled my water, only her pour added a small bug.
5	we just stayed here for our Anniversary. Very pleased with the front desk staff. They made us feel so welcomed. Gave us complimentary breakfast vouchers for our Anniversary it was fabulous and sent up a thank you note for staying with them with a bottle of sparkling cider (since we don't drink) I thought they went above and beyond. We will give them a 5 Yes we will return to this Hotel in the future. Thank you Jamie & front desk staff!
5	Stayed here for the weekend in Tempe and we really enjoyed it. The hotel was really nice and clean. Everything in the room was updated. There was a heated pool and hot tub. They have a business center and exercise room. There was also a restaurant. My favorite part was the bed. It was very comfortable and soft.  They greet you with a warm cookie!!
