1	Per Yelp, 1 star = "Eek! Me thinks not"...that's pretty much how I feel about this place.  A few months ago, my fiance (then boyfriend) and I began our quest for a diamond engagement ring.  I was lucky enough to be in on the hunt with my fiance and I had clear parameters in regards to the cut, clarity, color, and the carat weight of the stone I wanted.  I was even luckier to have a flexible budget to work with...so my #1 priority was to find EXACTLY what I wanted at the best deal possible.  I walked into the store one Saturday afternoon by myself and was greeted by a saleswoman.  She was nice enough, chatted me up, found out what I was interested in and pretty much promised me the world.  She brought out a few stones that day...none of which I liked.  All of the stones she had were either HIGH COLOR GRADE and LOW CLARITY or vice versa, or they were just too small.  In any case, I spent a few hours there and was shown nothing I was interested in.  We did spend an hour looking at Hearts of Fire diamonds...but really those are all low in color grade and weren't even in the ballpark of what I wanted.  I wanted only D or E.Anyways, so when she was done with showing me what she had, she promised me that she would look throught their inventory and "get what I wanted".  I was called back to the store on Tuesday.  I left work a few minutes early and had my fiance meet me at the store.  Again...the stones were missing the mark.  Either it wasn't the clarity  I CLEARLY stated I wanted, or the color was BELOW what I wanted..etc, etc...So again, we left.  I came back 2 weeks later after a few email exchanges and waiting for the saleswoman to get over a mild cold.  She told me she had a few stones coming "from corporate" (wherever that is) and she was sure I'd love them.  So a few days later, I went back.  The stone was AGL certified...which clearly breaks my #1 criteria.  I wanted a GIA certified stone.  So...again...nothing.  It was pathetic.  I left.I called her the next day and asked her "can you get me what I want?!  a GIA CERTIFIED 2 carat, D-E color, VVS1 and higher, princess or round stone?"  After a few torturous silences and prying, she finally admitted that MJ Christensen had no such stone in their inventory.  However, they could order one and fly it in for me to look at.  (Now, if you're familiar with Jewelers, there is an ongoing "exchange" of stones.  Authorized diamond dealers can take posession of a stone to show a customer at little to no cost...it is a customary practice.)  So, I said, "Great!  Let me know when it's at the store so I can come see it."  Then she dropped the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard in my life....she said, "oh, we charge you $150 deposit to have a stone brought in.  It's a new policy, because we've been burned so many times.  If you decide to buy from us, the $150 is applied to your purcase."  I just about flipped my lid.  You're gonna charge me $150 to see a $25,000.00-35,000.00 stone that I might or might not like?  That policy is the most absurd thing I've ever heard.  A real diamond dealer (which MJ "claims" to be) would NEVER charge such an insulting fee.  But what they really are is something a hair above your typical mall jewelry store.  Yes, their store is pretty.  Yes, they have been around for a long time (and closed a location last year).  But so has Kay Jewelers.  It's not exactly the place you go to if you're looking to spend some serious cash on a diamond.  AND TO SPRING THIS ON SOMEONE 1 MONTH INTO LOOKING FOR A DIAMOND WITH YOU.  IT'S JUST POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE, REALLY.Needless to say, it wasn't about the $150.  It was about the principle.  I kindly said thanks but no thanks and hung up the phone.  I've never looked back.... :)A month later, we found the most PERFECT stone RIGHT ACROSS THE STREET at Jack Weinsteins TOWER OF JEWELS.  Though the inside of the store might not be as "pretty" as MJ Christensen, they know their stuff.  They were able to get us EXACTLY what I asked for in a matter of days.  Not only that, they gave my fiance a fair and honest price.  They made me a custom setting and I"m very happy.  Also, the prices at Tower of Jewels is SO much better.  It's hard to explain pricing of a diamond because there are so many factors.  But let's talk about settings.  Just to show the price difference, wegot my setting custom made at Tower of Jewels, with 1 carat of pave stones in 18k white gold for $1,100 (this was done in early March 2011).  MJ quoted my coworker $1,500 to do a 14k custom setting with NO STONES (last week).  Are you joking?!   Can you say R-I-P O-F-F?!  Ugh.In closing, my fiance and I are truly happy with our decision.   I'm so happy I remained patient and focused on what I wanted...even though MJ Christensen essentially wasted over 1 month of my time...trust me, I will never go back to this place...eeeevvvveeeerrrr...unless something in there REALLY change
4	My mom and I took our '80s gold jewerly in for cash and were very happy with the experience.  They gave us a fair amount for the gold and were very nice to us.  I trust them so much I later brought a heirloom ring in to be re-sized.
5	If you notice the main pic on their page...it's my hand with my Tacori engagement! Dave P. did and AMAZING job getting my ring to me in time for my wedding. He made tons of calls and fought to get it here! The perfect salesman, for the perfect ring for my perfect day!!! I'm not sure about anyone else but I know Dave bent over backwards to take care of me!! Thanks Dave!!!
1	I took several rings in to be re-sized.  I trusted that a well known company would handle my treasured heirloom with care.  When I picked up my rings, they looked very sparkly and polished, and to my old eyes the work appeared to be satisfactory.  Two weeks later, one of the small sapphires has fallen out.  I returned to the store, to see if any other diamonds or sapphires might have been loosened by the loss of the little sapphire.  I was told that yes, other stones are loose in the setting, no, I shouldn't wear it until it is repaired. I asked if re-sizing the ring might have loosened the settings, and was told that no, it was due to the age of the ring.    I asked what it might cost to replace the little stone, and was told that they don't have anything like that, and couldn't repair it.  They gave me the business card of another business, a few miles away at the Montecito shopping center.  I went to that shop, which appears to be a much shabbier place than the lovely MJ showroom in Boca.  There I was told that I would have to have all eight sapphires replaced, because it is impossible to cut just one to fit.  The jeweler there also said he would have to take the ring out of the country to be repaired, and that he would be going to Thailand next month where his suppliers could do the work.   His verbal estimate for one seemed reasonable, but, times eight!  Ridiculous.   My ring is not going to Thailand.  I don't believe it needs all eight replaced.  I don't believe it can't be done in the United States.  I do believe that MJ Christensen Jewelers bear some responsibility for my loss, possibly by damaging the setting while re sizing the ring, or by damaging the setting while cleaning  and polishing the ring, and absolutely by failing to observe that the setting was damaged and that the stones were coming loose, and failing to tell me that it needed repair.
1	I wrote a review a few weeks ago, which has mysteriously been removed.  I was very dissatisfied with MJ Christensen.  I had several diamond rings sized down, at their store,  and a week later, a small sapphire fell out of my treasured heirloom platinum, diamond and sapphire ring.  When I returned to find out how much it would cost to replace the stone, I was given the brush off, told rudely that the ring was so old fashioned that they wouldn't have or be able to get a replacement stone.  (BS).  They sent me to the MJ gold & Diamond exchange, to see the gemologist there.  He spun a tale about how it couldn't be done in the US, but he could take it with him to Thailand and his gem source there could replace all 8 sapphires, it being not possible to replace just one.(more BS).  I have to share my update to this sad tale.  JOHN FISH JEWELERS.  They CAN do what MJ Christensen can't.  Their showroom may not be a glamorous, and the shopping center where they are located is rather run down, but their shop is a real gem.  They found a sapphire, had it cut to fit, and I am pleased to have my ring looking as good as ever.
5	I've been searching around everywhere for the right ring. We tried Zales, Kays, Costco, Sams Club, etc. After reading reviews we decided to go to the Boca park location. Iw ish I had the name of the representative that helped me because she was more than friendly. We gave them a number that we were working with and they brought out numerous diamonds that fit our budget. The music that was playing was perfect. The diamond I got to select was perfect. I got to select the ring and prong types I wished for. Everything was perfect and I could not be any more happier. I highly recommend this place. Also, we went to select the ring on Wednesday and it was put together and ready to pick up two days later. Very impressed.
1	I walked in to the store wanting to have a custom bridal set made. I found them to be polite, in a forceful kind of way. When I told them i had my own stones, i felt a very definite change in their demeanor. As if, "How dare I not buy my stones from them". I was asked where i got my stones. I told them from the internet from a wholesaler, and I felt a very definite demeanor of disapproval. I then asked if they had a markup on the metal they used. I wanted 14K yellow gold. They dodged the question, big time. When i pressed for a more definitive answer, they admitted to a markup but absolutely refused to say how much that markup is. Then I admitted to the kind of stones i had. Moissenite stones. It was all over then. They refused to work with moissenite stones. When i asked why, they said they didn't want to accept any liability. What liability?! Moissenite is every bit as gorgeous and durable as diamonds for a tenth of the price. They couldn't damage the stone any easier than they could diamonds and they don't want to accept liability? Something's very fishy there!!
1	I only gave this a one star because I can't give no stars!  I have been going to this jewelers for years.  Last year I had a ring made with an emerald and several diamonds.  It was suppose to be ready before Christmas.  They got a special order for basketball championship rings.  Needless to say my order was put on the back burner and was almost a month late.  The ring looked beautiful so I overlooked the horrible customer service.  One year later the ring looks like junk.  The white gold is all tarnished and the diamonds have lost their shine.  I went in to have the ring re-dipped.  The general manager Sanjay was SOOO RUDE.  I asked for her bosses information and she just happened to be in the store.  Her boss was even more RUDE and when I complained they both laughed.  I have never been treated in such a manner.  I will NEVER step foot inside this jewelers again!!!  I guess they have enough customers not to worry about their customer service .  Well they for sure don't have to worry about me or my money ever again!
2	I have purchased an engagement ring and wedding band for a total of about $11,000 at the MJ Christensen on Eastern and had a 3 to 4 star experience there. Once the lady who sold us the rings stopped working there, we never got follow up calls to come in for cleaning to keep our warranty going. Not bad all in all. (and keep in mind I realize the amount of money I spent is pretty small in the grand scheme of their business)The Boca Park location on the other hand, I am giving a 2 but they probably deserve a one. I was searching for a watch or two for myself during their liquidation sale which was advertised as 40% off plus an additional 10%. I stopped in the store on Eastern and they told me they would honor this promotion on their Tissot watches but just couldn't advertise it because the line would be pulled from their stores. I had to take a day to think about which watches I wanted so I left and went to the Boca location the very next morning. The sales lady couldn't have been more of a B. She was not knowledgeable whatsoever about the watches and when I asked specific questions, the answers I got were "I don't know" and not "let me find out."When I finally picked out the watch I wanted, I asked about the promotion and was told at first that Tissot was excluded but then she asked someone else once I mentioned what I had been told at the Eastern location. Now the sale changed to 30% plus an extra 10. I told them in that case I'd just drive over to Eastern and give them my business since they promised the 40% rather than 30%. It just felt like I was being treated like a liar.I then got in my car and called the Eastern location who said the manager who "supposedly" offered me that 40% sale was not in and I was treated like a liar once more. I basically wanted them to take my money for an $850 watch and just wanted what the originally told me to be honored but it was a no-go. I then sent them an email using their online Contact Us tool explaining what happened. That was over a week ago and I still haven't heard back. So, they have lost me as a customer just because of their bad communication and even worse customer service. The 10% wasn't a big deal dollar wise but don't bait and switch me MJ Christensen, you're not a pawn shop or used car dealership.I ended up buying two $800 watches online from a different authorized dealer and couldn't have had an easier time.
3	I came here to get a custom wedding band made for my offset engagement ring.  I worked with Jennifer who couldn't be any nicer.  I will say I did need my ring rushed.. like 2 weeks out from the wedding, it was no problem and I wasn't even charged a rushing fee.  I asked for the band to mirror the band on my engagement ring, thin, with channel set diamonds and a European setting (where the bottom is squared off).  It was less than the price of my engagement ring (purchased without the center diamond).  I was pleased with the work.  The only thing I wasnt happy with is the fact that due to my engagement band curving I wasn't told there would be a small gap until I went in to pick it up (3 days before the wedding).  Mind you they bend my engagement ring until after the ring was cast to ensure that they would sit properly with each other.
5	They have resized our engagement ring multiple times.  Always very helpful and prompt.  I have nothing but praise and great experiences here.  If you read some of the bad reviews, they are things they could not control some of the time.  They also have great sales.
1	High-end jewelry stores should not have to resort to using paper flyers and plastering them on the cars that are parked in their own shopping plaza. Then you have the added stupidity of the business doing this canvassing when it is raining, causing ink to run and ruin paint jobs. I have never been inside MJ Christensen, but this desperate attempt at advertising their business indicates a complete lack of business savvy. One call to their location confirmed as much. The industry standard response rate for flyers is less than 1 percent. I don't know MJ Christensen's ROI with this ad campaign, but it sure as hell won't cover the paint repairs to mine or any other disgruntled shopper's vehicle.
5	I couldn't have nicer things to say about this place. Me and my guy had been ring shopping together for months and had been to so many places (Tiffanys, Gordons,  Zales, Kay, a ton of online stores etc) and MJ was the very first time we enjoyed the ring shoping experience. Looking for rings should be a neat and special moment for a couple.Just a bit of a back story of our ring shopping travles: Every place we had gone to before MJ Christensen had pushed and pryed, from the immediate beginning,  to open an account at their store. It was literally within the first 10 minutes of looking! If they were to suggest that they HAVE financing options available,  so the couple knows they can afford what they might like, then ok I would appreciate the gesture. But this is not the case. Why would you insist on someone signing up for a credit card at your store when they're specifically telling you they don't know what they're looking for yet, and have never been to your store? It's common sense to me that within the first few minutes, this person simply isn't going to want to sign up for a credit card when they don't even know if they like your product. This is an extremely important customer service job as these sales reps are helping a person select a ring for a once in a lifetime occasion, or at the least a very special occasion. My experience with all of the places I had gone to before MJ were that they were far more concerned with having us open an account, than actually taking the journey of helping us find what we liked and 'god forbid' just  had gotten excited for us first. I hesitated at all of these places to ask to try things on, because I just felt that their lackluster bedside manner insinuated being annoyed if they had to pull out another ring. Deep sighs, looking around as if trying to memorize the texture on the walls, and everything short of drumming their fingernails on the counter yelling 'OH COMMON!' Haha. I of course am taking it to a bit of a dramatic level, but that's seriously just about how unenthusiastic these people seemed to be to help you look for the ring you're planning on wearing forever! Now with that said you will better appreciate the feedback I had with MJ. Me and my guy walked in (prepping for our much rehearsed responses to dreaded car salesmen tactics we were accustomed to at this point) and immediately we were greeted with smiles, and a hospitable energy in the room. Leah was the amazing woman who made this experience the perfect one we had always invisioned it to be when we began looking. Not once did she bring up opening an account or ask how we plan to pay. She kept a close eye on the rings we liked and what our abstract taste was, and it wasn't long before she took the reigns and instinctively knew what rings we would like from each case. She started us at the beginning of the cases for wedding ring selections, and put aside our favorites from each one. We must have tried on 30 rings collectively! Then at the end of the last case of options, she grabbed our favorites from each case and helped us narrow down our top two or three. She was very informative, sweet, efficient and easy to conversate with during the entirety of our journey together. At the end she just took some information down from my guy and told him she would contact him and at that time she has plenty of options available for him to afford the rings I fell for. This offered an opportunity for him to be able to select one of the few I narrowed down, allowing the element of surprise for me still, and also letting him have the privacy of how he would pay so that the moment wasn't spoiled by guilt of numbers.  I am sad to see the negative feedback for this neat company over ridiculous things like them putting flyers on people's cars. I hate flyers on my car as much as the next person, but anybody who has been a business owner (and I have) would understand that this is a way of marketing your product.  I grew up near this Boca park center and use to be a massage therapist at the massage envy literally a few doors down from this MJ store, and I had NO idea it was there. I never paid attention because I didn't have the thoughts of engagement rings on my mind at those times. We've ALL had those moments where we gps a place and realize its been under our noses the entire time. I do know that it is frustrating to see jewelery fade over time, but certain metals tarnish over time. And when we saw Leah she very much ran through the pros and cons of all the metals we had to choose from; specifically those that would tarnish. But these metals are the cheaper ones, so it makes sense why you'd order them if you're getting rings for an entire team of people.  Please just take things with a grain of salt with other people's reviews. This place deserves praise for such a memorable way of dealing with special and unforgettable moments with their guests. Thank you a thousand times over Leah! Me and Leo are so apprec
