5	Went to 3D Baby Kisses and we had such an amazing experience! The staff is amazing and the facility is so nice. My Photos and video is really nice and they walked us through all our baby's movements. Thanks for the unforgetable experience... Will deffinately will be back for baby #2! By the way It's a GIRL!
5	I purchased a Coupon for tihs Company a few months ago for my daughter. WHAT an experince that was, I had no Idea how advanced technology had gotten. Baby kisses is very roomy, extremely immaculate, service is exceptional one  on one. Place is BEAUTIFUL just like you were at home. They aer really good people there.If you know someone who is preg. I advise you to take them THERE , it is a Drive, but so Ultra Worth it. They really do a WONDERFUL WONDERFUL WONDERFUL Job. And the place is VERY Beautiful , our family enjoyed every single minute of this Beautiful event, and we also learned the sex of our little one coming. The Technician even did that for us so nicely, " It's a Boy",  YAHOOOOOOOOOO...We will be going again at our 30th week that will be pretty soon. Images were so very clear and so very beautiful. Looks so Real and SO alive as if our Little Young man was already here .!!!TRY THIS PLACE  you will love it, be comfortable, quality of the images are Outstanding and the Technician and people are wonderful.
5	My expirience here was amazing! Everyone was so nice and friendly, the place was big and roomy. I brought 8 family members with me and could have easily brought many more comfortably. I am so pleased with the ultra sound tech, she went out of her way and took as much time as needed to confirm my babys gender. (Legs were crossed, he fell asleep, was very difficult.) but she didIt! And i am so very happy!!! I will absolutly be back during my pregnancy.
5	If I could give this place 6 stars, I would! I bought a LivingSocial deal with them a few months ago and redeemed it today. I have mixed experiences with using vouchers like these and sometimes I feel like I'm treated differently because businesses know I didn't pay full price, but this was not the case here! Booking the appointment was easy and I even got a courtesy reminder. When my husband and I showed up, the entrance was inviting, and we were taken back to the ultrasound room shortly after filling out the paperwork. The technician was so nice. Our baby was uncooperative and kept sticking his hands in front of the face, but she was patient and persistent. I never once felt like we were rushed. We did get some great images. We also got a DVD of the session and a CD with tons of images. Even at full price, it would have been a bargain, and we'll be going back in a few weeks with our families! They have a nice area in the ultrasound room for visitors to sit and the images are displayed on a big screen. I can't recommend this place highly enough. I will also say that we'd been to another local elective ultrasound place early on (for a heartbeat check), so we do have another experience to compare this one too. At 3D Baby Kisses, not only were the prices more reasonable for what's included (based on full price, not the deal we got) but the atmosphere was much friendlier. The receptionist at the other place was sort of cold and I felt like the tech was watching the clock to stop the session at the exact second of the publicized length of the viewing, neither of which were the case here. If you're getting an elective baby ultrasound, go here. You won't be disappointed. (I'm 26 weeks pregnant, by the way.)UPDATE: We went back yesterday (at 29 weeks) with both sets of our parents. The baby was not very cooperative, but the tech was still able to get some good photos by having me roll to both sides and get him to move a little bit. Our parents loved the experience and we were pleased with how it went. While we don't plan to do another elective ultrasound before our baby's due, we'd definitely recommend this business to other parents wanting a glimpse inside the womb. Definitely 5+ star treatment.
5	Awesome place. The tech didn't rush and kept trying to find out the sex even though our baby kept crossing his legs! It's a boy! Couldn't be happier. And this place is CHEAP! My god. I was shocked it was only 50 dollars for it and it came with a cd and everything!
5	3D Baby Kisses was a great experience! We came in for my 14 week gender check  Calm environment & wonderful staff .. Crystal (ultrasound tech) was super nice & professional! I really recommend this place to everyone & will to all my friends who are pregnant right now  They also had a June promotion that gave me a scratcher card which revealed a percentage off the services provided today! A+++
5	Absolutely loved my experience at Baby kisses. The tech was very helpful and the environment comfortable fit 7 of my family members during the viewing.
5	Very warm and friendly staff at 3D BabyKisses! Tech was funny and amazing and took many great pictures of our baby. Worth every penny!! Amazing and perfect overall!!
5	Everything was awesome!! The tech was awesome!! She was very nice and took lots of pictures!! We had to wait a few minutes but that was fine!! :-)
