2	The service here is good, but thats as good as it gets. The salsa is disgusting the food is bland and unidentifiable and its just generally annoying
1	It saddens me to say that this isn't the worst Mexican restaurant we've eaten at, that's on Oahu near Waikiki beach, but it's close.  Damn it we had to drive by Arriba's to get to this place.   I had a chimichanga that was a little anemic, though what there was of the filling was ok,  beans  tasteless, rice looked the part but as spicy as your average UK meal involving boiled meat and root vegetables. Erin's Fajita salad was similarly lack luster  with  all the appearance of being tasty yet   bland chicken. Usually, unless there's an attempt at "chefing" as opposed to cooking  I'll order a basic dish ( I don't shoot the chef though  and trust me these guys are safe from Agent Sands , very safe)  for the first time out  and if the beans/rice suck.. no return.Overall It feels like aliens, space ones, are running the place and they learned cooking from pictures.  It's certainly a mistake we won't be repeating.
3	One of my wife's favorite restaurant.  She loves to eat the salsa and the Guacamole Live (table side) is her favorite.  Made to order with just the right ingredients to taste.I'm partial to the heart-attack Chili Con Caso, not that it is spicy, but high levels of things that are bad for you.I usually get the burritos, not much else appeals to me.  The fajitas are so-so, and the other dishes are okay for some variety.  The beef triple sauce burrito is one of my picks.
3	Gee, I've found some things I really like here...and Jo really likes the place.  Yesterday I tried their new Taco Melt (make your own tacos based on melted cheese, taco meat, lettuce, tomato, sour cream - with beans and rice on the side) and it was very good, and plenty large.  Jo had the luncheon burrito and said it was very good.  I've had their fish tacos and they were good.Hey, this isn't true mexican, probably not real tex-mex, but I've never left feeling like I didn't enjoy my food.  And their Gold Rocks margaritas aren't too bad - just a little small!!
3	One thing I love about the corporate restaurant model is that service is often reliably better than the local places.  This is true at On the Border.  I love the good service, including the fake smiles, memorized greetings, and checking on my table a little too often.  Fine with me.I usually opt for the make your own burrito and results are usually quite good, and the same goes for the veggie fajitas.  Whether the tortilla chips are made here or not, I like the thickness & crispness.
4	The waiter was very friendly, and the atmosphere was relaxing. .  The drinks and food were VERY good!! I forgot to review their online menu ( as I do not eat meat) to see if there were any veggie options, but the waiter was very quick to suggest The avocado and red pepper burrito, with a side of black re-fried beans.  This ended up being a fantastic choice..  The service was very prompt as well.  I would come back if given the choice..
5	One of the best contemporary mexican food restaurants around. The staff is friendly and fun, the food is filling and delicious. A must for mexican food lovers.Love their fresh guacamole and house margaritas.
4	Went th ere today to take advantage of their endless enchilladas.  Service was outstanding. Very good atmosphere.  Food was a real bargain when you consider al you can eat enchilladas for eight bucks  and they were good.
2	Not impressed. Ordered a combo plate, blah. Food wasn't anything I would want again. I ate it so it wasn't horrible but really, who wants to come back to blah? Service was good, place was clean, but I'm not eating either one of those............
4	I love OTB, I mean I really love OTB. I've tried different things on their menu (Carne Asada Tacos, Ranchiladas, Fajitas, etc) but I always come back to the Ranchiladas. It's a hunk of beef cooked the way you want it with two onion/cheese enchiladas with beans and rice. I don't care much for the beans and rice but the combo of steak and enchiladas are awesome. Oh, btw - the endless chips and salsa are amazing. The salsa is really good. Top it all off with the Kahlua Ice Cream pie and you leave feeling very happy.
3	We have always enjoyed dining at On the Border, the last couple of times the service has been a little slow. The food was not up to it's usual standards. The bar area is fun! the TVs  make the time go by while waiting for the food. Overall, because we use to be a regular we will go back again and see how it goes.
4	Service was great, food was awesome!!!  always a good time i've been here a few times and it's a similar story!
1	If you like Taco Bell, then you will love this place.  It is nothing more than a fancy Taco Bell.Definitely nothing like real mexican food.On the bright side, the host and waitress were very nice.
4	I enjoy this chain. I know, I know... Why would you go to a Mexican chain in Phoenix?! I love Carolina's and the local restaurants, but it's my Sister's birthday and this is what she wanted.
2	Hmmm, so the good... They serve booze, which is nice because when you're drunk your standards generally lower- just ask What's His Face or my dignity after last Saturday night. Anyhow, do we really need more than one of these abominations in the valley? I think a chain restaurant should only exist when the food is good enough to warrant more access to the greater population. This place does not qualify. This is the type of place that inspires documentaries about the shocking cheesy grease stuffed pots of lard that Americans shovel in their bellies for breakfast. Deep fried appetizers, cheese on almost everything, and not just enough cheese to add flavor. It's more like a course of cheese with a side of chips. They do have quote on quote healthy options, but they are boring as all hell. However, I've noticed a trend with AZ Mexican "healthy options". They don't know how to make anything healthy without just giving your some meat and vegetables. It's so boring. I wish more places would attempt to recreate dishes with healthy ingredients. It is possible to make healthy tacos among other things. Anyway, my friend's plate looked like a cheesy greasy mess. As for mine, I wanted a little healthier meal. I ordered 1 spinach enchilada. I was happy with the fresh taste of the spinach, but disappointed that there wasn't any seasoning at all. It tasted like spinach with salt. It's suppose to be an enchilada for christ sake- some chili powder, maybe enchilada sauce... to contradict myself above, cheese would have greatly helped this item. I also ordered one pork taco, or what would normally be called Carnitas... damn gringo ass Peoria. Anyhow, once again, NO SEASONING! Look, I get than many people can't tolerate heat, but you can use spice and add flavor without adding heat. If you are giving me a taco use some fricking seasoning... This should be a given.Now, a couple highlights: I liked the Skinny margarita. Though this was a "specialty" drink,  Margaritas are suppose to be made with Lime juice, not nasty ass margie mix- So, that's a good thing. The bad? Don't measure me half a jigger and charge me 9 bucks! I don't care what the law or code is, make me a drink that tastes good and gives me a little buzz.The other good thing- fresh guacamole... thank God for this. If it had been something nasty I would have had to smack the chef around a little. The last good thing, the fresh tortillas. Though they were a little thicker than I prefer and not traditional corn ones, they were quite lovely.
1	Experience was horrilble. Server was rude and gave bad service. We stood at the enterance for over 5 minutes before being seated and then had to listen to the hostess curse half the meal. No management in sight. Went online to answer the survey and heard NOTHING back. Obviously corporate didn't care.
1	We have been here a few times and every time it was great.... this last time ruined it completely for us. I dont know if our server was new or what but our glasses were empty almost the entire time, except when a manager came by to refill them. We watied a fairly long time for our appetizer, which wasnt that great anyways (the stuffed jalepenos were good but thats all) and we waited about another 15 minutes after finishing the appetizer for our main food to bE brought out.... COLD! We were very very disappointed in the overall experience :( We will not return again sadly!
4	Live guacamole (YUMMMM), house margaritas are simply awesome. We really enjoy going to this place with friends and hanging out over a couple of drinks and tasty food choices on the menu.For Vegetarians- their veg fajita,  avocado enchiladas(less cheesy) and spinach mushrooms  enchilada (more cheesey) are great among other things. Strictly vegetarians must ask for cilantro lime rice coz it does not have chicken stock and for black beans because the refried beans usually at all places including here have pork loin.Enjoy!!
2	We wanted to try something new. Came to On The Border. Went to the bar area for Happy Hour. Only seats available were the two at the end of the bar. The end seat had a huge gaming machine that doesn't move. Who in the hell has those? Finally a small booth opened up. We moved to that. Now we have a new server who is ignoring us... Finally the bartender took our order. Food is ok. Better than Arribas. Presentation was a lot better also. All in all everything was just ok. Don't think I'll be back tho.
2	To even admit to serving tex-mex is the first clue about how bad the food is there.  And whoever that nit wit was that said Arizona has bad Mexican obviously knows nothing about Good Mex food.  Ill admit right from the start that I don't want authentic Mex. food.  Go on down to Nogales and get some authentic Mex. food Ha!  What I want is authentic valley of the sun sonoran style Mex. food the way its evolved for a hundred years from the early Mexican Legal Immigrants.  Ihave been all over the USA and true you can get some decent mex food in cal, new mex., west texas.  But to get the best Beans, enchiladas, red, green, chile, tamales tortillas you have to get it right here in AZ.  Here are a few great places.  Don Joses, Matador, Carolinas. Manuels, Some Burro, Juans, Ajo Als, Macayos.  The two best are Ricardos and Papagayos, oops,  They closed because the new management wrecked the food and drove away the faithful.  And thats THE TRUTH, from "The Truth" Ciau!
3	Ordered the three sauce fajita burrito. It was actually really good and you can taste the 3 sauces it's smothered in. Very gooey cheesy texture in every bite, but not super gooey like yogurt. There's enough solidity that you've gotta bite the cheese to release all that wonderful flavor. Served with rice and beans, which were pretty standard. Nothing super special. Lime cilantro rice would've been amazing with the dish. Good atmosphere. Can be crazy crowded on some nights. But overall, it was a pleasant dining experience.
3	Price and not as tasty as I like
3	I like On the Border, i just don't love it. Reasonably priced, good happy hour, but the food is just okay. I haven't had a problem, but I think it's a little bland. I go sometimes when I'm in the area, but I don't drive out of my way.
5	Hot salsa that tastes fresh. Really good enchilada. Good service.  I really like this place.
3	Descent food, of course it's not autentico. Free chips, salsa, & wifi though.
4	Good food. Free chips, salsa & wifi though.
3	Stopped in with the family and friends for dinner here last night.  Not a big fan of chains, so not sure what to expect.  Really enjoyed the xx beer battered tacos.  Came because we heard kids eat free with adult meal, and have to save a buck when we can.  Found out after getting here you needed a coupon.  Manager suggested we register for their "Club Cantina" offers online, but said we could work it out without the coupon.   We registered, but the coupon never came, but they still gave is the deal.   Have to love great customer service.
4	Food Good, Ate like a PIG!!!
3	Was visiting a friend and they suggested we go to this restaurant for dinner.  I must say I really enjoyed the atmosphere and food.  The server was humorous, friendly and efficient.  Love the salsa!
3	My one previous visit to an On the Border was two years ago to the one in Ahwatukee, & this time I ordered the same thing as before.  The price has increased by $1.99, & I didn't think the food was as good this time either.  (I could be that I have just become a harsher critic since we have some really great Mexican restaurants here in the Valley!)I was joined by Scott W. today, and ordered a Lunch Combo with a bowl of Chicken Tortilla Soup, a shredded beef hard shell taco, & a Chile Relleno.  Things started with a good-sized bowl of tostadas & two cups of ok tasting, chunky style salsa.The appetizer, soup, should have arrived first, but it didn't, even though I asked for it for it to come first, just in case.  When our server came with everything, she said, "When you order a combo, the soup comes at the same time."  Uh, I have an idea.  FIX THAT!Ok, so once it came, the soup was very good, & I enjoyed it while the rest of my food got cold.  Then, the taco was of good size but not particularly flavorful, and the Chile Relleno was only ok as well.  The same went for the refried beans and Spanish Rice.  Yes, the Relleno was deep fried, an interesting twist, but there was no apparent seasoning in the breading and it was made with a smallish and not especially flavorful Anaheim Chile.This restaurant is nice inside but all in all, my experience here was just marginally ok.  I'll stop short of "F... this place & the horse it rode in on!", but we have lots of other choices, especially for $10.98.     :-)
3	Had lunch here this week with Rand H.  My chicken fajitas were good.  The rice wasn't crunchy but it wasn't soft either.  The service was pretty good.  Chains are not noted for their over the top food food but they normally produce perfectly edible recipes and decent service and this one provided just that.
1	You're in Arizona what are you doing eating at a national Mexican Food chain. I did awhile back as I was given a gift card. If I were living in Idaho this place might be alright but there are so many far better choices in Arizona. The chips and salsa were ok but the plasti-cheese they use has to go. Does anyone think the ads for the Enchilada's look good?
4	We had a gift card and remember going to one of these restaurants in California and wasn't particularly impressed.  However, this one had a much more expanded menu with barbacoa and carnitas, for example.  The chunky salsa was flavorful and had a little bit of kick to it and the chips were very good.  I was surprised that the food didn't shot out immediately like at most Mexican restaurants but it was nice being able to  enjoy a drink and conversation before the food arrived(not too slow but not immediately either).  While I have had more distinctive barbacoa enchiladas, these were very good and the carnita taco and spinach/mushroom enchilada were also very good.  Our waiter, Jamie, was very attentive and filled drinks and cleared plates efficiently and was a very nice guy!!  Overall, we enjoyed the experience and like the many choices on the menu.
4	Great place to eat in the arrowhead area. What I like to do is go there before hitting Harkins Arrowhead Fountains and get the Tortilla Soup and Chicken Tacos. It's like around $9 and fills you up. Busy enough where you can tell that it's good but isn't overly packed. Most I've ever waited was 45 minutes and that was during spring training on a saturday night.
2	I've edited this review to say that after the restaurant received my complaint, they called me and apologized. I wish they wound have handled it better while we were there, but I appreciate them reaching out. I also threw another star their way for the effort.If I could give this place zero stars, I would. But the avocado fries were quite good, so perhaps that is where the one star can come from. I wouldn't really know on the rest of the food because after waiting for over an hour for our entrees to show up, we had them wrapped up to go. And by the time I could sit down to actually eat, the food was cold and gross and I threw 3/4 of it away.I was visiting family in Arizona when we went to this On the Border. Our  party consisted of 3 female adults (including me) and two children, a 5yo and a 16mo old. We arrived at 4:45PM on a Saturday and were sat quickly and ordered appetizers drinks and entrees quickly. We received drinks and appetizers in a timely manner, though we did have to stop our server and other workers to get us refills on drinks and chips. But that is where the positive experience ends. After we received our appetizers, we waited for 45 minutes before we were told that the food was held up because the 5yo's chicken strips were frozen. We were not given an opportunity to order something else for her, and though we asked to have the rest of the food served, it was not. Then our server told us that there was a complete breakdown in the kitchen, which led to all the waiting. However, we watched no less than 6 tables around us arrive, order, eat, pay their bill and leave. These were tables comparable in size to ours. Also, when we arrived and ordered well before dinner rush, there were hardly any other patrons. Finally at 5:45 after we had been there an hour, I asked to have the whole order wrapped up to go. Our server was apologetic, and offered us free dessert that we did not want. The manager did not come talk to us, and no one offered to comp any portion of our meal. The order STILL took another 20 minutes to get to us, and we finally were able to leave at about 6:15. There was a major breakdown in communication that I have never experienced at any other restaurant in my life. I will not return to any location of On the Border. Terrible customer service.
3	First time we ate here on a Saturday about 1. We were sat quickly and our server came to offer drinks . We ordered heradura margaritas very fast and they were awesome. Chips and salsa were good tasted freshly made. We were also given queso moments later. Then manager came by to see how we were liking it so far and introduced herself and recommended the green enchiladas with hatch NM chili.  My wife got the new mexico relleno and enchilada. Then other manager came and introduced himself and offered us the queso and sopapillas  free. Great service from everyone and our server was very attentive. We got our food fast not bad at all. Enchiladas were good not as good as I make but not bad. We would be back if in the area again.
2	Out shopping with my wife and it was lunch time. I have never been to On the Border so we stepped in and waited. There was many tables open but no one to set you. Finally someone came and seated us. Our waitress came soon after and we ordered. We had to wait to get our tea refilled. Service was slow and, (I just did not feel welcome).  I got a burrito I think my wife got the same. The food was ok. Eatable. By no means great. In this area there are several very good Mexican Food restaurants. For this reason I have no reason to return to this one. I don't want to sound mean. The food was eatable ok food when you can get great food for the same price and the waitress acts like they are glad you are there. CHOW (purina)
5	I know, chain tex-mex. Sangria swirl & Guacamole Live are predictably fantastic. Coupled with a hard working, attentive and welcoming staff make cocktails and I fun dinner and a ball game over the shoulder a good night.
3	This place is great for happy hour.  You can get a huge goblet full of beer or flavored margarita for just a few bucks.  The bar is almost always full on those nights, so be patient.  You may have a wait a few minutes for a table/ barstool to clear.  Their food is nothing to write home about.  You can definitely get better and more authentic stuff pretty much anywhere you go, but this place is worth it for the happy hour.
4	I don't typically write a review for a chain or even dig their food that much, but On The Border is pretty darn good.  IF you like your Mexican food soooo covered in cheese and kinda greasy (and some folks do, that's fine!) - this probably isn't the place for you.  It's just lighter and fresher.  I like that.  I love that I can substitute the beans and rice for grilled veggies and that you can get cilantro rice instead of Spanish rice.  I also like variety, so instead of a plate of three enchiladas, I enjoy their 'choose 2' or 'choose 3' - I get a salad (GREAT salad with black beans, corn, cilantro, cheese, tomato - it's a great side salad, pretty big too!), a cup of tortilla soup, and one enchilada - plus I substitute the grilled veggies (usually zuke, red pepper, etc.) for the beans and rice.  Chips and salsa are right up there too.  Enjoy.
2	food was lacking, not only was there not much of it but it lacked flavor. the server. was rude and charged us 99 cents for half and shot glass of cheese and the meals were ridiculously over priced. we came to this restaurant because the chain Mexican restaurant in our area closed and it was in the area. the bathrooms were not well kept and the sinks were broken. chain Mexican restaurants are usually a gamble but save yourself the trip and make tacos at home for a fraction of the time and cost.
4	I found this to be very reasonable, regarding service and food. I will recommend it for all who enjoy plenty of great food at great prices. The staff is professional and friendly.  Wish I could visit more often. Big thumbs up!
5	My husband and I really enjoy On The Border.  The Taco Tuesday promotion is fantastic!  We split an appetizer, have the $2 tacos, a margarita and dinner is done!  And, after asking & asking for years--they finally have FLAN!  It's good, too! The service is always fast & friendly, the food is REALLY good and always comes out hot and quickly. The promotions are a great bargain.  It doesn't get any better than sitting out on the patio and enjoying good food and drink!
5	We came in around 6pm not knowing there was a 7pm spring training game, place was packed. Luckily we got the last open table in the bar area. Within 2 minutes of sitting down we had our drinks and chips/salsa. Kudos to the staff and management on being spot on the service. as always the food is very good. We've tried many Mexican restaurants only to be disappointed. Now if OTB will come back to Goodyear with the new mall, we'll be happier.
4	Endless enchiladas are a good deal. My daughter loves the tortillas. Though not amazingly authentic, the food is good, and the restaurant is nice and clean.  Untold this is the last day for endless enchiladas though.
3	On The Border sent me an email asking me to review my last visit there. Well, the food was good. We went there on Taco Tuesday.  They gave us regular menus when we came in, we had to ask for the menu with the specials on it,  They should be giving you the menu with the specials on it without you asking or it. Maybe, they want you to order from the regular menu!  Anyway, the special menu was disgusting filthy with caked salsa all over  it! YUK! Called a manager over to show him. I believe he said it would be thrown out, but as we were leaving the front hostess was cleaning menus! It looked like that was one of them! When you go into a restaurant dirty menus should NOT be handed to you!!!  Hoping their menus are clean now, if I do go back and a dirty menu is given to me I will walk out! YES, it was that dirty!!!
2	On The Border underwhelmed me. The environment was typical of a Mexican food chain. The food was very pricey for the low quality of food. It came out Luke-warm at best. The service was not good. Consistently waiting for refills. I recommend go to Arriba Mexican restaurant that is only a few blocks away.
5	Always great food, drinks and service when we come here! OTH is one of our favor our restaurants to dine at. Tonight's visit was no different but I must apologize to our waitress, Jade. We were on the patio and there was a very rude couple amongst us. Everyone around us could tell and on our way out; I told them they shouldn't be so rude to their waitress. They tried making a scene as we exited and I just wanted Jade to know how sorry I am for putting her in that awkward position. She was great!
1	My oldest daughter took her mom and sister out for a belated Mother's Day lunch to On the Border on Bell Rd. I stayed at home and waited for any left overs. When they returned, they gave me a bag that was quite heavy and I thought they felt bad for me so they purchased an entire entree for me. Wrong...It was their left over entree's. I was hungry so I opened the bag and sadly discovered about 7 lbs. of what tasted like canned refried beans and partially eaten enchiladas and burritos. None of it was flavorful cold so I reheated it in the microwave and there was absolutely no improvement in flavor so I tossed it. Sounded like a brick when it landed! YUK!!! Save the trip and go to Fry's and get some $.99 Banquet T.V. dinners. I felt really bad for all of them especially on this special occasion! Oh well, at least I know where NOT to go if they take me out for Father's day lunch. I hope my daughter isn't angry at me for writing this but I wanted to give you Yelpers a heads up! They should rename the restaurant  "Borderline Mexican Cantina" Ha Ha
2	I have sadly been to this On the Border more than once due to family members liking it. I just don't get it. The food here is substandard 'Mexican' that tastes extremely salty and is loaded with sodium, calories, and fat (their fish tacos have over 1800 calories... whoa). Their portions are outrageously large. Don't bother looking at their nutritional facts, it will make you sad.... And yes, I get it , Americanized Mexican food is generally bad for you, but at least it tastes good at other restaurants. To their credit, they do have a 'healthy' menu that lists the calories, unfortunately this food is also not very good. On my most recent visit, I got the 'healthy' combo with an enchilada and fajita taco with a side of grilled veg. The veg was fine, the taco tasted like they dumped a bunch of that lime juice that comes in the green bottle all over some prepackaged precooked chicken slices... not awesome, but made better by adding some of the grilled veg and some salsa to it. The enchilada was also nothing special, but not terrible. The husband's enchiladas were a 'salt lick.' A family member ordered the guac, which they made table side. I don't even know how they could make fresh guac so flavorless. I would not recommend on the border to anyone and am keeping my fingers crossed that I will not have to make a return visit.
2	Everything was great until I saw our waitress sweep up a mess on the floor from another table then swept the seat of the chair.  Oh and she was having a conversation with her manager at the same time, and he didn't say a thing about it! Gross! Is that how they clean off the tables too!?
4	Slightly pricey for run of the mill Mexican cuisine, but I have truly enjoyed the food every time I have been. Their grilled fish tacos are delicious, and the black beans are as well! Mmmm
5	Service is great, love, love the chili cheese con queso! Fajitas are great also!
2	The best thing about this experience was our server Greg. He was a tallOlder gentlemen with a surfer type accent. Very cool. Once we were seated no one came up to our table for a little while, I am not a complainer but when I have to bring up the wait time for anything to my husband you know it is not good. Thankfully, Greg noticed us and took us on as one of his tables. My husband ordered the shrimp and steak fajitas which were about 16 dollars and I ordered the shrimp ones which were close to the same price. It was pretty bland and your typical franchise tex-mex place. We usually go to Rio cafe by our house and we will be sticking to it because at least there the taste is authentic the portions are bigger and so are the shrimp. For the price we paid at on the border it was a rip off. We won't be back but if you are in the mood for an overpriced unauthentic Mexican style cuisine then go here and make sure to ask for Greg!
3	Service was decent.  Food was o.k.My daughter had the kid's mexican plate with taco.  Appeared to be standard Phoenix Mexican fair.  My son had the kid nachos, cheese was a little over cooked.  My wife had the enchilada with sour cream sauce, she said it was o.k.  I had the fish tacos, cilantro lime rice, and grilled vegetables.  The vegetables and cilantro lime rice were amazing. The fish tacos were good.  I've never had fish tacos with cheese before, and I didn't really care for it.  Debated sending it back but it wasn't that big of a deal.The placards and menus had grime on them.  That was a little alarming.  Other than that it was good.  Price was right too, $24 for a family of four-no complaints here on that.  One of those places we would go back too, but probably not be like oh le'ts go to On the Border.
1	I used to like this place. It's gone downhill. Service and food used to be pretty good, now both have gone out the window. I must have heard "I'm sorry w'ere out of that "5 times in one visit. I even heard the manager yelling at the staff. Just not a good place to go anymore.
4	The food took a little while to get to us but it was top notch and our server Morgan was one of the best I've ever seen and coming from an ex waiter that's one of the highest compliment I could pay and she handled everything very well.
1	This place has gone to crap. Food was below average  and  overpriced; no one working really seemed to care. With so many other choices on Bell Road why settle for dub-par food and service?
4	Last time I went there I got fajitas. It was good, and the service and the price were ok. I like the atmosphere there.
1	The food was boring and the beer was barely cold. The menu says Bottomless Chips and Salsa by the item I ordered but the waitress never came back to ask me if I wanted anymore salsa which really irked me. There were like eight people in the place so not a busy issue. The main reason for the one star though is their menu pricing. You can order two fried fish tacos for $8.99 which is $4.50 per taco. You can order two of a variety of items like a pork taco and a chicken taco on the combo menu for $8.99 which is $4.50 per item. But if you want a pork taco and a fried fish taco the fish taco is an extra $1. So the fish taco is $5.50 now?!? Why is it more expensive when ordered this way? It just makes me question what other pricing gouges they have on the menu. $4.50 for a fried fish taco should be more than enough. If the food had been great and the beer nice and cold I would have forgot about the pricing issue but not so. Put it all together and there are better options out there
3	I sincerely appreciate that On The Border monitors customers opinions and responds to them. Very few do that! I really felt they took the time to understand my issues and were sincere in making every effort to improve. To me that is huge and worth a two star bump. Maybe I hit the restaurant at a bad time around 3PM. I did fail to mention that I thought their tortilla chips were the best, as close to perfect as you can get in my opinion. I look forward to the next trip to see if they are as good as I would hope they would be.
3	You know, I've  got to agree with Danielle and some other recent reviews. Bordeds has gone downhill.  Still a 3 but weak.
2	Chips and salsa is the only good thing about this place. Food is mediocre, service is below average. Which sucks because this place used to be decent.
1	On the border is one of my favorite places to go, the Woburn MA location was my go to place before moving to AZ. The bartender at this location (tonight) was an ass. I had a tough week so I decided to go get a massage then doing some make up shopping so I wore comfy clothes and no makeup. The massage place couldn't get me in for an he so went to get a drink at otb. Sat at the completely empty bar and he came right up to me super friendly when he asked for my id ( I am 25) I realized I left it in my husbands wallet , he couldn't serve me I get it no big deal . I order an appetizer. Then he never comes back ! No small talk nothing , just stands by the service bar . Another women about my age comes in with maybe her mom they order drinks and crazy she wasn't asked for id? She was dressed up make up The whole deal. He stayed and chatted with them for a bit then stood by the service bar after 40 minutes he finally came over got my check and left .  If you have a policy enforce it equally and if your a bartender have a personality
3	I've been having difficulty trying to add a review here, because there have been so many good meals I've had there. However, the last time we went, I wasn't terribly impressed with the food. I would have to agree with the other reviewers that it seems to be going down in quality.
3	Meeeh.... The food was pretty bland. I was pretty unimpressed and the price was too high. My server/bartender Josh was great. Super nice service, just super blah food. No spice, small portions.
