5	In August of 2010 my husband and I learned that our first grandchild was going to be born in Las Vegas, NV the following March. We decided we wanted to be near our grandchild, so we began packing up our belongings in New Mexico.   In December of 2011 we started looking online for a house in Las Vegas. We had some pretty specific criteria. My 80 year old mother lived with us so we wanted a single story, split floor plan, walk-in shower for my mom, close to my new grandson, and at least 1/3 of an acre. When I found a house that seemed like it might meet our criteria I contacted the realtor. Sometimes I got a response, sometimes not, and sometimes days later. The communications seemed impersonal and I usually felt like the realtors were not listening to me, they were just trying to make a sale.  One night around 9pm I found a possible house and sent a message to a realtor named Ted Finkleman. I was amazed when I got a response within 15 minutes The email was very professional and covered all of the information I had requested. I KNEW I HAD FOUND THE REALTOR I WANTED TO WORK WITH! My husband I had several communications with Ted over the next few months and made several trips to Las Vegas to see various houses. Ted was ALWAYS accessible and flexible and responded promptly with complete and accurate information. The housing market and buying process was really crazy and stressful during this time, but Ted guided us through the process, always making us feel that he cared about us as a family trying to find a new home, not just a sale. One Sunday morning In February 2011 while we were in Las Vegas I found I house online that seemed perfect. I emailed Ted. He responded within minutes and said "Let's go take a look." The house met all of our criteria, we made the offer, got the house, closed the deal in April and moved in May.  Whenever I come across someone in Las Vegas looking to buy or sell a home I recommend Ted. He did a great job for us and I know he will do a great job for you too!
5	In August of 2010 my husband and I learned that our first grandchild was going to be born in Las Vegas, NV the following March. We decided we wanted to be near our grandchild, so we began packing up our belongings in New Mexico.  In December of 2011 we started looking online for a house in Las Vegas. We had some pretty specific criteria. My 80 year old mother lived with us so we wanted a single story, split floor plan, walk-in shower for my mom, close to my new grandson, and at least 1/3 of an acre. When I found a house that seemed like it might meet our criteria I contacted the realtor. Sometimes I got a response, sometimes not, and sometimes days later. The communications seemed impersonal and I usually felt like the realtors were not listening to me, they were just trying to make a sale.  One night around 9pm I found a possible house and sent a message to a realtor named Ted Finkleman. I was amazed when I got a response within 15 minutes The email was very professional and covered all of the information I had requested. I KNEW I HAD FOUND THE REALTOR I WANTED TO WORK WITH! My husband I had several communications with Ted over the next few months and made several trips to Las Vegas to see various houses. Ted was ALWAYS accessible and flexible and responded promptly with complete and accurate information. The housing market and buying process was really crazy and stressful during this time, but Ted guided us through the process, always making us feel that he cared about us as a family trying to find a new home, not just a sale.One Sunday morning In February 2011 while we were in Las Vegas I found I house online that seemed perfect. I emailed Ted. He responded within minutes and said "Let's go take a look." The house met all of our criteria, we made the offer, got the house, closed the deal in April and moved in May.  Whenever I come across someone in Las Vegas looking to buy or sell a home I recommend Ted. He did a great job for us and I know he will do a great job for you too!
5	This is a wonderful business with the BEST realtors in Las Vegas.  They worked with me to find my home from 1100 mikes away.  Everything went smoothly, and we are looking forward to doing business with them again.  High quality service with personable people - what more could you ask for?  Recommend highly!
2	I had read the reviews before I started working with Winners.  They were all 5 stars but they all had smooth transactions.  After making my offer my Realtor went on vacation out of the country and left me to deal with the closing.  I did have some help from one of his coworkers but he did not have access to all my records so most of the work was left to me.  When I took it up with the absentee Broker of Winners (who lives in Florida), he seemed to be more concerned with the company getting the full commission and did not with customer service.  He did say he would call me after my agent returned from vacation to work things out.  I waited to write my review to see if they would make things right, but It's going on 3 months and still have not received a call.  I have bought a few houses and have never had so little help with a closing.  Even thou the Realtor is a very nice guy, I would never work with a broker that does not live in the same town as the office he owns.  There are too many good REMAX offices in Las Vegas to deal with this one.  If I do hear from them, I will update my review.
