3	Firmly 3.5 stars.I had two services here since they opened about a month ago.  I tested the waters first with an eyebrow wax.  I was happy for the price.  Sanitation was acceptable and my brows looked good.  I'm very hard to please and they are just a hair...very very slightly..off center.  It's not noticeable to anyone but me.  It's not off enough to try and fix and really I may be slightly crazy and they may be evenl..I dunno.  Anyways, I was satisfied (for the price).I went back a week later for a pedicure.  It was also very good - for any price.  I like that this place is new....so the seats are still working well and everything is clean.  They also use something kinda unique - plastic liners for the pedicure bowls.  How smart is that ?  I've found my pedicure place.  My only compliant for the pedicure is the color I picked - it's totally on me.  I picked what looked like a good purple, but it ended up being quite sheer.  Curse you OPI.  I should have said something to the tech.  She put three coats on (hopefully it doesn't start chipping, but I"m a week in and so far so good) and I still have bald spots.  Again, it's the color I picked, but when I saw the first coat was so shear I should have said something.  I'll be back for sure.
1	Place seemed nice however once we got in the staff was CLUeLEsS! We wanted opi gel nail and the guy kept showing us different brands. To top it all off with Ellen the man looking woman totally botched my cousins nails up. When she asked to redo of fix it she acted clueless. She painted the sides of the skin more than the nail itself. Will never go back to this place. Extremely awful experience. Never again. We even went back and Ellen had the nerve to say what's wrong with it?  I urge people not to go.
1	My cousin and I went get gel manis and pedis. The salon employees were not that helpful and tried to persuade us from what we wanted because they didn't have what we wanted. Then the tech that was doing my pedicure cut into the side of my nail. She then cut my skin open when doing my manicure. She rushed through my gel polish and was sloppy with it. She took my payment before she did my polish and I was hesistant to pay her but did. She did a horrible job with my polish and the manger did nothing to fix it. I will never go there again and do not recommend it to anyone.
5	It is difficult to find a nail salon open on a Sunday. After much research on yelp and other apps I decided to go to Ava. The salon was very busy! I was greeted with a smile and felt comfortable right away. I had two services a deluxe pedi (OMG! Absolutely amazing!!!! Would definitely recommend!!) and a gel polish. Kim was the nail tech that did a phenomenal job!  We had a bit of a hard time with me explaining I didn't have acrylic nails I had Brisa Gel Nails. However after three try's with gel remover she had my nails much thinner and beautifully shaped. I finished with French nails and couldn't be happier!  Thank you for a much needed spa day!  I would absolutely recommend Ava!!
1	I have waited over an hour. They seem to get to all the regulars no matter the length of time you have been waiting.  I will not return.
2	Ellen, the short manly looking lady that smacks on gum is rude and messy. I just left and two of my cuticles are bleeding because she pulled too much skin off. When I tried to complain, she yelled at me asking what did I want her to do because she has already said sorry. Rather than taking her time, she rushed through my nails and painted my cuticles. Instead of cleaning my cuticles, she tried to clip them off and ended up cutting me and they began to bleed. My gel nails are sloppy and I will never return.
2	I'm sorry Ava Nails Spa....It pains me to write this update.  Despite what the other reviews say I've always received nothing but great customer service.  I have to say the truth of the matter is my pedicures just don't last that long when I get them done here.   It's a shame b/c I really like that this place is new and the bowl liners really win me over.  I got a pedicure on June 28th.  They weren't too busy, but after sitting there for about 10 minutes they told me to go do some more shopping and come back at 1pm.  I didn't mind.  Well I went to Ulta and got held up waiting for a brow wax at the benefit brow bar..I came back at 1:30...they were packed.  I told the front desk receptionist that I understood I was late and would take my place in line again....they would have nothing of it.  See - that's what I mean by great customer service.  So I was promptly seated and got a pedicure.  It looked just OK, not sloppy, but it didn't wow me.  It was done by a younger male - I honestly was a little put off - but that's my hang up.  The clearcoat was kinda messy - I couldn't see it, but I could feel it around my big toe cuticles.  But they looked good.  Fast forward to today, July 9th.  I took off my socks after work and a have a big old chip in my big toe...the toe with the sloppy clearcoat application.  I'm sorry, but that's less then two weeks.  I can paint my own damn nails and have it last longer.So I just won't be coming back for a pedicure.  I may try a mani, but I just don't know.  I have a wedding coming up and the bride has mandated french manicures.  Yeah, in 2014...whatevs, it's her day.  I don't need it to last so I may go to Ava's b/c they are quite nice and I like that it's brand new.And really,  when I read some of the reviews here I'm disgusted that folks are name calling.  It's fine to not like the services, but to talk about someone's looks and call them manly looking is in poor taste IMO.  I've been there several times and never witnessed poor customer service.  NEVER.
1	Ugh! I should have read these reviews before! I usually don't complain, but yesterday was absolutely ridiculous.  I went to the salon for a manicure, I decided to get gel nails and I got Ellen... yeah, cuticles bled but they were tiny cuts so I didn't make such a big deal (that should've been my red flag though).I decided to try eyelashes, HUGE mistake. She assured me that "they'll looked very natural". In the middle of the session we were pulled out of the room because there was another client going for wax (Apparently is the only room for wax, eyelashes,  etc). By the time I left I had 1/4 of an inch of black glue on my eyelashes! Yup, a Drag queen looked more natural than me! When I pointed that out, her answer was that otherwise they wouldn't be noticeable. They charged me $70 for gel with mood color, wax (eyebrows and upper lip) and eyelashes. Needless to say I'm NOT going back.
1	If I could give this place ZERO stars I would. Went in on 9/19 to get a full set put on and ended up with a DISASTER! From start to finish it took the lady almost 20 minutes. I should have known then it was going to look awful. She was rushing and cross talking with all the other techs and too busy with everything else and ended up jacking my nails up. I didnt realize they were so bad until I got home and noticed she painted in the parts with my colored polish where she missed acrylic. I posted a picture above. All of my nails are missing some of the acrylic on the sides and it already looks like I need a fill in 3 days later. One nail is missing a huge chunk of acrylic and all of the nails she put on we're stuck to my skin underneath and she didn't smooth them out so I have sharp jagged peices that scratch me. I had to repaint them because the very next day the paint peeled off the edges. Will NEVER go back here again and will make sure to tell people to never go here. Terrible terrible terrible.
5	Well here goes, I'm about to get my nails done here out of desperation! It's 4:45 pm on a Sunday. And clearly I read all of the negative reviews but... It's Sunday and I'm on a time crunch. I work at a jewelry store, nails must be perfect at all times. Especially considering I'm going to a week long conference out of town. So far first impression is good. Very nice decor! Staff was very helpful, very polite. Offered me a soda or water and helped me make myself comfortable. Tons of options and colors. I really enjoy that they had a private room for eyebrow waxing. I did not get a pedicure today but I will next time. Yes you read correctly. Next time I will definitely be back and enjoy some of there other services. Please take the negative comments with a grain of salt and stop in for a manicure. They have been open for 6 months. Sometimes it takes a little while to work out the kinks and to get a good staff that is knowledgeable in there craft. I know this first hand being a manager. As well as sometimes in retail you catch someone on a off day. They have a 3 day policy. If your not 100% satisfied they ask you come back with in 3 days and let them correct it for you. Give them a chance you will be glad you did. Request "T" she Ment business! I had a horrible full set done at a unmentionable mall salon they where thick and grose. And I left feeling pounds lighter on my hands! And eye brows are picture perfect! Florida here I come!
1	So despite all of the bad reviews I had read, I decided to go here to get my eyebrows done. First, they waxed my eyebrows not in a private room but where people are getting pedicures. I was propped upright in a pedicure chair. Second, the lady who arched my eyebrows made one significantly thinner than the other. I would NOT recommend this salon to anyone ever in life. Do yourself and your eyebrows a favor and find somewhere else to go.
1	I stopped my on my way home from church today.  I wanted to have them sand off the top coat from my acrylics, go home, change clothes, soak off my old nails, then come back to have a full new set put on.  They wanted to charge me to do that, even though I was coming back for a full service.  Ridiculous.  I walked out and will never go back.
