4	I love that I live so close to so many great things, all within walking distance. This place is added to the list.Scooby-Do's is a family owned business. (I'm the kind of person who goes out of his way to support small and local businesses, even if the prices are a wee bit higher.) I have two beagles that I usually toss in the shower at home when they need it. But after the great experience I had at Scooby-Do's I'll probably take them there from now on. The staff was friendly and clearly love animals. I called ahead and made an appointment. Now both my beagles feel so soft, their coats are shiny, and they smell delicious. (They both got a pretty little red, white and blue bow too!) If there was a breakdown of prices posted somewhere, I didn't see it. They quoted me a price and told me what that included, and the price was reasonable. (Slightly more than I've payed at other big name pet stores, but not by much, a few bucks maybe.) Overall I'm very impressed. Like any dog owner I'm protective and want them to be treated well. I got that feeling here and will be going back.
5	I love Scooby Do's! When I bring in my yelping dog (and her bark could break glass) they accept her with open arms and patient hearts. Somehow the staff there endures 3+ hours of ear mutilation, and when I return for her, she smells sweet, is softy and shiny white and she no longer rubs her behind on the floor. They never complain about her and even feign affection when I bring her in.   The entire staff is very friendly, they do a proper papillon cut and their prices are lower than Petsmart. I could go on and on...they're just great. I've already referred several people there and they concur.
3	This place is pretty decent. I took my Airedale Terrier here yesterday and i really wasnt too sure what to tell them, so granted it's my fault for not being more specific.But the end result was that instead of him having that classic King of Terriers look he ended up with a kind of big schnauzer haircutim not too worried as they were very fair with the prices and even though i may not like his haircut they did an excellent job grooming him. he smells good and probably feels good now that its getting hotter. Overall i'd recommend it to anyone who wants their canine companion treated like a prince/princess and groomed accordingly. Just be specific with how you want them to look is my only caution.
5	I took my two chihuahuas to Scooby-Do's for a nail trim. In the past I have taken them to Petco and Petsmart for grooming and nail trimming. The problem with chain stores is that they have a high volume and I've been turned down for walk-in nail trimming several times. Or, nail trimming is seen as not very important and they do it somewhat grudgingly. Finally, they also have very strict policies about showing rabies vaccination records. If you show the records to one store, but then go to another, it won't work. I know that these rules exist for a reason-- and my dogs are always current on their shots-- but, it's seriously a pain the butt sometimes to carry the records around with you. I'm never organized enough to have them when I need them (this is more a comment about myself than the groomers...I digress....) It just seems to me to be a little too strict to absolutely insist on a rabies vaccination record for a healthy chihuahua for a nail trim. I mean, does the dog look rabid? Do I look like I would be hanging out with a rabid dog? I know, I know...you never know. ANYWAYS, long story short: I walked into Scooby-Do's with the vaccination records (I actually remembered them!), but without an appointment. They didn't ask me for the records (they might if you do the full grooming). They immediately accepted the walk-in even though they had other dogs that they were working on. The staff was super friendly and seemed to love dogs. While I was there 3 more chihuahuas came into the shop! They let me hold my dogs while their nails were trimmed. She did a great job-- really fast and painless. I will definitely be coming back!
5	Scooby-Do's grooming is a great place to take your dog if you want he/she groomed!!! Very Friendly Atmosphere and very NICE ppl NO attitudes and very easy going they will make you feel like you have known them for years!!!!
5	I suppose I should write a review here since my little Noodle-oo is currently serving as their spokes dog in the photos. We both love Scooby Do's. They treat my little butt-faced dog like a prince and are receptive to correcting anything about the cut that I perceive as being weird. Like that funny poofy pompadour. Mohawk it out, yo. Done. In like five seconds my little man was looking fabulous and bad ass. Not something easily accomplished with a prancing pup that literally chases butterflies through tall grasses. (He ended up looking like a little lamb as the cut grew out too. So adorable.)The shampoo they use here is also amazing. Noodles usually smells like tacos (a combination of beef stank and corn chips) but after getting back from the Do's, he smelled like Christmas morning! Sugar and spice and everything nice instead of frogs and snails and puppy dog tails. He's got some gender identity issues to deal with. The pricing is also cheaper than some of the big name conglomerates out there. I'm talking to you Petsmart! I've taken my other pup to Smelly Dog before, but unless I need dog sitting play time after the cut, I'll go with Scooby's. They genuinely seem to like my little Noodle monster.
5	I had my Shih tzu groomed here last weekend, this was the best cut that he has ever received! Nice and even low puppy cut! And funny thing is, this place was the least expensive I'll be back!
5	My husband's Shih Tzu, Hunter, was in dire need of a grooming appointment. His last two grooming appointments at our previous home in Santa Cruz, Ca. were dismal failure. He just was not as styling as he could be!! My daughter recommended Scooby-Do's which is where she takes her Pug, Daisy and Shih Tzu, Rhyse. So off we go on Saturday morning with Hunter to his "spa" appointment as we call it!! Scooby-Do's did a excellent job at finding out how we wanted Hunter cut and what exactly their services included. The price was excellent and when we picked Hunter up he looked like the King he is , minus his Shih Tzu eyelashes..:-( that's okay they'll grow out!!
5	Amazing service.  The owner will come in before the shop opens to groom my sketchy dog.  The owner will be patient and kind with my dog until she tries to bite her face off.  Then she will just muzzle her and finish as quickly as possible.  My dog always ends up with a shave, trim, wash and dry.  Once we have been able to put bows in her hair.I pay $60 for my chow mix.  I don't think they care about vaccinations at all... never been asked.  I have to stay with the dog and groomer then entire time but maybe after enough visits I will be able to leave her?!  One can hope.
5	Love Scooby-Do's they're so friendly!  Every time I come in they cuddle up my dog and make him feel comfortable right away.  When I come pick him up he's not terrified so I can only imagine they are just as kind when I'm not around :) The service, people, and location is fabulous ! Love this place!
5	This kind of place is a dying breed! Sweet, loving staff is always excited to see my Little Monster, even if she isn't as excited to see them (she loves her stink!) Locally owned, there are always familiar faces and they get to know each of their clients. It is so easy to drop my baby off and know exactly what she will look like (ridiculously precious) when I pick her up. They don't check medical records, but as someone who regularly vaccinates and has check-ups for her pet, I kind of like not having to track down all the records every 6 weeks. The dogs are kept separate and I know I take excellent care of my dog's health so I am not concerned. Cheap too! On average about $20 cheaper than Petco or Petsmart, and this includes wash, cut, dry, nails and frilly bows! The price does vary every time I go in, but I think it is because I have a weirdo looking mutt that falls somewhere between fancy Lhasa Apso hair and wash-no-go wiry hair. Not sure if this is the sort of place you want to take you AKC competitive show dog, but if you are looking for people who LOVE dogs regardless of breed or make-up, this place is for you!
5	We have taken our dogs here since they opened and LOVE this place the STAFF is extremely friendly and My dogs don't home terrified like they do from other places. Prices are very reasonable and if you need just to have your dogs nails trimmed they do it fast and while you hold your pet.. My dogs don't bat a eyelash coming here.
5	Great place with great people. They always take good care of my husky, Hockey.I don't know what they do to him but he pulls on that leash like crazy whenever he gets out of the car...AND their prices are unbeatable!
5	WONDERFUL SERVICE! Very professional and friendly staff.  The woman who clipped my dog's nails was really knowledgeable, not to mention deft with those clippers! As I held my "disagreeable" dog and kept him from climbing me like a tree or biting anyone's face off, she was like a gunslinger upholstering a sixshooter! In a few short minutes he was done. She also had great advice for future care. I would recommend this place to anyone.
5	I could not disagree with Amber D more!  I have taken all of my dogs to Scooby Do's for the last 9 years and they have always listened to what I have to say!  They have allowed me to stay with my oldest dogs throughout the grooming process and are never unkind when I ask for something special.  I believe the point is that they do listen and do what is best for the dog- which is not always what the owner wants: a lesson I had to learn the hard way.  They treat me like family and baby my dogs just as I do- something I have witnessed firsthand since I stayed nearly the whole day with them.  I do not trust just anyone with my dogs and the fact that I trust them with my babies speaks volumes!
4	Always great service at a price that brats the leafing chains.
5	Scooby-Do's is a safe, clean, reliable, and well priced spot to have your dog groomed. I've been taking my dog here for over 3 years, and they always do an excellent job. My dog is a neurotic stress case, and somehow they make him feel comfortable! They also deal with his craziness when he's having a rough time. They never complain, and always give him love- they remember my name and my dog's name every time I call to make an appointment. I've never been dissatisfied with Scooby-Do's.
5	i love scooby doo's!!! they are so sweet and caring with my Chase he loves it there and is so well behaved when they brush his hair. he always smells so yummy and they are the least expensive place to go to. i love them and will continue to go there. the staff is so sweet and nice and feel as if my baby chase is always in great hands.
