4	This place was very close to my hotel. My first day I just wanted a mocha to whet my appetite for caffeine and coffee after a 5 hour train ride. If its a place not known for good espresso/coffee and they grind Illy beans it essentially means they're all show, so their espresso actually sucks - I deduced, I never tried it. However, I don't know what they do with their mocha mixture, but that cup of mocha was so delicious I couldn't believe it. It was like a semi-sweet with cocoa... I dunno, but it was actually heavenly. Just be aware that I went there 4 times and got one bad one...so keep that in mind if you're looking for this amazing mocha because of this review in Montreal. Essentially though this place isn't much different than the 1000's of other cafe places in Montreal, but this mocha is amazing.
4	I passed this cafe many times and noticed they served Illy coffee which I love.  So on my last day in Montreal I went here to have Sunday brunch.   I had the croque matin, a mocha, and pasteis de nata.  The food was satisfying but not out of this world.  The mocha was great.  The cafe is a very cool place to hang out with friends.  They offer all sorts of pastries and products you can take home like wines, coffee, teas, spices, etc.
4	We ate here for lunch our first day in Montreal, at the suggestion of the concierge. The food was good - especially the salads. My husband had the Greek salad and I had the salad with artichoke, avocado and tomato - amazing. Most of all, the staff was friendly and helpful. We'd highly recommend this one for a light meal.
4	Popular lunch cafe on Peel Street. A friend from home recommended Vasco de Gama when she heard I was coming to Montreal. She highly recommended duck and fig sandwich which was a great choice. Variety of sandwiches, wraps, salads. Check in with staff for a table number, order at counter and they bring it to you at small tables. Good looking desert selection to go with large coffee/hot chocolate selection. Cafe is owned by Ferreira Cafe with is a very good Portuguese restaurant a few doors down.
4	This is a good place to go for coffee and desert.  They serve Illy coffee, and they have a number of pastries and other goodies.  It is a little crowded and noisy, but hey - it's a cafe.
3	Our hotel was nearby so we stopped in for lunch. All the sandwiches we tried were good and it comes with either soup/salad. But I am not sure if 12CAD lunch tag is typical here but coming from NY, I thought that was a bit pricey. Nonetheless, everything was good there. I also enjoyed the Portuguese egg tarts and their illy coffee. Grande coffee is huge...petit is good enough.
4	Went there with friend on one of those it-seemed-warm-but-not-really days for lunch, I had their tuna burger with chicken salad (that had chickpeas). I've never had a tuna burger like that, the consistency was like tartar, rather than a fillet of tuna stuck in the middle of two pieces of bread. It was delicious and we also had a pastel de nata for dessert. I don't really have a sweet tooth, but portugese egg tarts are one of my favourite desserts; and the ones they serve here are amazing! Tell them to heat it up a bit so it'll taste even yummier!
4	A long time ago, my best friend & I chose to eat at Vasco da Gama on a whim, but kept coming back for the elegant decor, the simplicity & quality of the menu, & the general classy ambiance. The place is very attractive, narrow but long, with its high arches & scheme of Mediterranean colors. Take note: it's always crowded in here, with lots of fancy people... We even saw Helene Bourgeois-Leclerc once! The food is exposed in a counter in the back; they have a good selection of sandwiches, salads, some burgers, plus desserts, muffins, croissants & cookies. I personally like the gluten-free chocolate one: rich, a little bit crunchy, but still melts in your mouth. As to the food, I definitely recommend you get the trio of salads! 10,75$, always fresh & usually creative, comes with two little pieces of toasted bread = happy belly & guilt-free conscience. As a side note: they make a rather good latte.
4	A small place that's a bit tight, but the coffe, pastries, food, service and prices are excellent.  Enjoy your order, and the other patrons that you will share the space with.
4	Vasco is owned by the same person/people who own Ferreira. The difference is that Ferreira is high-end, while Vasco is more affordable, offering a variety of sandwiches, salads and desserts. It's suitable for breakfast/ brunch/ lunch, while Ferreira is more suitable for dinner. Ironically, the service at Vasco is MUCH better than Ferreira. Both offer Portuguese dishes. Vasco has basic staples that you will always find on their lunch menu and these include tasty delights ranging from the bison and vegetarian burgers, to the Ferreira club and preserved lamb panini. They have such a great variety of options that you would be hard-pressed not to find something that pleases your palate. My personal favourites are the veggie burger (made with quinoa), the Club, and the grilled veggie and goat cheese panini. All three are amazing.  All burgers and sandwiches come with your choice of salad, and you can usually find 4-5 different salads being served (these all change daily).  While all of their salads are delicious, my go-to is the sweet potato with curried chicken. At least I think it's curried. Either way, it is damn good salad!Their dessert selection is quite good for a small venue, and include the traditional natas and other pastries. If you're a chocolate lover, then you'll have to try l'Entrechoc - my FAVOURITE of all chocolate desserts! It's a tart with a firm crust (I think it's got a butter base but what do I know?) and i's filling is a combination of dark chocolate with caramel and whole hazelnuts. The top is a thin, crunchy crust. It's to die for! On that note, I've gotta go. There's an Entrechoc waiting for me with my name on it ;-)I gave them a 4 because the place is very small, and when you order to go, you have absolutely nowhere to wait for your food, other than at the cash, which has a table right next to it. The table is next to the entrance where everyone piles in to wait for a table. A bit chaotic. If you're going for lunch, get there before Noon and you'll be fine. Remember that the hostess will assign a table number when you arrive, and you will order your food at the back. A server will bring your dishes to your table. You can pay after you have ordered, or when you're done.
5	We had the lamb burger and tuna burger and I can honestly say they were the best burgers I have ever tasted!! Then thanks to another reviewer we had the Entrechoc which was delicious!! Wow. Service, ambiance, and food were all amazing! Would definitely go back!!
5	Awesome place!  I loved their food...I wish I had gone there sooner.  I would pass this place all of the time....then, one day I decided to go before I left Montreal.  Man, I so regretted that I didn't come here sooner...very good place to eat, and have some drinks as you relax from your hectic work day.  I recommend this place very much!!!
3	Great spot for a quick but classy lunch bite!The duck and fig pressed panini is DELICIOUS and there's always a good choice of hearty side salads. The place is decorated in brightly-coloured Mediterranean-style tiles and the small narrow layout is great for eavesdropping!Sit by the large open window in summer - great people-watching!
4	Great location in the downtown area, great coffees, super nice staff. Did I say I thought it was great? Yes, I did. . .
4	I nice alternative for coffee meetings, versus the typical coffee chains - you know who I am talking about. It's got a very European feel so much so that you could almost imagine you are visiting somewhere else. Case in point their Nata(s) - Portuguese Custard Tarts are tops from what I've tasted over the years. I stopped myself from ordering a bunch more. I was happy to see they now have a one page tapas menu after 4pm which adds to their fresh daily pastry selection and other light meals ie. burgers, salads, sandwiches oh and how could I forget their Euro style coffee selection. I believe table service is also on the new side. In sum they've raised their own bar. I even noticed a catering menu on the way out. The seating isn't traditional, but is still great for business chats. It's one of my first thoughts for downtown meetings.
4	They serve Portuguese breakfast and lunch!  This means egg and custard tarts along with tapas (after 4 PM.)  Come in and line up at the counter where the cooks are working. Give someone your order and grab a table.  This is not a large restaurant so go early if it's breakfast you want.  We were there around 9:30 AM. and there were no tables but a sweet Canadian (most are very gracious) offered us hers.  They serve illy coffee so my cappuccino was great, of course.  But does anyone serve a bad cup o' Joe in Montreal?
4	the quick and dirty - on a great placeAtmosphere: Cafe Vasco Da Gama (henceforth referred to as CVDG) has been around for a while.  A cafe that serves food, it's offend crowded with couples and busy working professionals - its a great place to see and be seen and ironically one can even hide away here! (go to the back!)Food: Tunal Burger?! Yes please - a specialty of the place, CVDG surges paninis, soups, deserts and coffee that are both temptingly good and filling.  Never had a bad meal here.Service: since the place can be quite crowded, be prepared to wait a little bit to be seated.  Choices are made in person at the counter, and food is delivered to you once its ready.  Minimal service, but always pleasant and courteous.Pop in for a bit during the work day but my favourite time to visit is during the early hours of Sat / Sun - people are a lot more relaxed and there's a general sense of easy about the place as people are inclined to be a lot more mellow.  Summer times even bring a few outdoor tables for some open air render-vousYou should go :)
4	This cafe was suggested by the concierge of our hotel. My husband and I decided to eat breakfast here the first morning we were in Montreal. The coffee was very good as was the food. We shared an omelette and a bagel with cream cheese. The overall space was small but it was not busy when we went on a Sunday morning.
5	My favorite cafe in town. Lovely ambiance and amazing food especially the plats du jour. Always full for lunch.
4	Try their lamb burger, yumm! Service can be bit cold and slow, which I take one star off.
5	Duck sandwich is super!Got here because they picked my Bixi key on street, they called and returned it back to me. Super nice guys. And it's a good chance to try it out. The duck Sandwich is super. I will come back with my girlfriend.
4	I love this place. It is so cute the way they are setup. They have really. Good sandwiches and salads. Their coffee is good too. I was there for lunch, had a turkey sandwich with salad on the side. The portion was perfect and the food was really tasty. The only thing is it is a bit tight especially lunch time. I had to set too close to some strangers. Still, it is one of my favorite spots in the Montreal.
4	Awesome alfresco brunch. My last meal on my way out of Montreal, and well worth the stop. I had a an omelette with chorizo and cheese (the Vasco de Gama: think Portuguese food) with a white baguette and fresh fruit. Large cafe au lait was great: Ille coffee! I lucked out to have a beautiful day and an outdoor table. Would definitely do again. Highly recommended!
4	Friendly staff willing to go over menu in English. Fantastic food I has the vegetarian sandwich and the pasta salad with chicken which I honestly would've eaten a bowl of on its own. My husband got the lamb sandwich which he did not like but I thought it was also fantaztic. Seating here seriously sucks though and just getting water seemed to be a hassle for some unknown reason. I would eat outside if you can reserve one of the three outdoor tables.
4	Service was friendly and fastFood was good nothing that I will remember for the next week but great for breakfast or a quick snack.
5	This is my misters favorite brunch place. Every time I bring up brunch, this is the first place he suggest. To be honest, I don't blame him. Good food, good music, good service. What more can we ask for ? Owned by the same owner as the higher end restaurant next door, vasco is a more affordable and trendier option for people who are looking to grab a quick bite, or catch up over coffee and desserts.   Although the cafe is always jam packed with people (mostly business people who work downtown), it's never too hard to find a seat. Plus the owner/manager is always extremely enthusiastic, making sure that you don't have to wait long for be seated. As for the food, it is FANTASTIC! I've tried the chicken chorizo burger, chicken chorizo wrap, tuna burger as well as their breakfast wraps. All are amazing, especially the tuna and chicken chorizo burger. Their coffee and desserts are also extremely good. Warning, they are highly ADDICTIVE, especially those cookies. This is the perfect spot to catch up and munch on some sweets after shopping, both of which I've been doing too much of.   Anyways, vasco de gama is a total jem in my books and i would 100 % recommend to anyone !
