5	Words can not do justice to the beauty of Hostelerie Pierre du Calvet. It is surreal walking inside..like stepping back in time to the 18th century. Why there are no reviews and I am the first is a mystery, but I implore anyone who wants a true "experience' to at least stay here for a night. It is pricey, but worth it. Only 9 rooms (or is it 10?)....and it looks small from the outside, but when you step in and you walk through all the common areas..and all the hidden nooks and crannies..it seems so much bigger. The building itself was built in 1725 and they have much of the antique furniture and artwork from that era...the place is like a museum really..and as quiet as one too. You really feel like you are the only one there. I will be here if go into too much detail...go to the website and look at their pictures.
5	We started planning a family vacation to Canada a few months ago and one thing we wanted to try to avoid was the typical "chain" hotels.  While browsing around I stumbled upon Pierre du Calvet.   The pictures looked charming, it looked liked staying in an old castle.   The real life experience didn't disappoint.   The hotel is situated on a corner in Vieux Montreal, across from a cute old church, with cobblestone roads.    It is an interesting place, looks and feels on the outside like its restaurant (Filles de roy), you walk in the main doors to a lobby with a small desk to the right.  You are greeted of course in french but they adapt quickly to our "american" accents and switch over to english to save us the embarrassment.   How best to describe the initial scene---so to the left of the foyer is a large room, decorated in lavish works from the 1700/1800s and used mainly for large dinner parties.   Adjacent to that was another small room.   Straight ahead was a bar, which opened to kind of a solarium, with a bunch of bird cages (which I will come back to later).   Steps lead you to the outside and a lovely terrace.   Standing still at the front desk, looking right now, steps down into a beautiful dining room with 10-12 tables, fireplace, and in the far corner a stairway that leads you up a balcony to a lone 2-top table that overlooks the entire room.   Adjacent to that, is a door, the secret door, that opens to the hallway that leads to the rooms.   Very old and rustic, dark wood everywhere.   Our room was incredible, wooden bed with unique carvings, old furnishings, stone walls, and old wooden beam ceilings.   Very charming.   The experience....best described as if staying at a friends home who has a nice place.  The staff remembers you after the initial greeting.  The learn that we quickly drink the pitcher of water in the room so the next time we arrive, there are two.   We enjoyed the terrace for a few glasses of wine one evening.   Breakfast is included in the room, so when you go downstairs in the morning they have tables set according to the guests in each room.  We had the same table every day which was nice.   You can order other things but we stuck with the basic breakfast which was juice and coffee, a bowl of fruit each, some fresh toast and really good butter, and a blueberry muffin for each of us.   Just perfect for a family that is not big on breakfast.   I must admit that on the last morning a couple seated nearby had a plate of bacon arrive that made me jealous.   I mentioned I would come back to the birds, so my daughter was very intrigued by them, there was a big blue/yellow macau named Pedro, along with a african gray and other parrots, and a few doves.   The staff would come by and let the birds walk around on their backs and let my daughter carry them on her hand.   And in a place that is mostly french, Pedro greeted you with "Hello" which he would spurt out when you would get close to his cage.   The hotel makes for easy walking to the old port or any of the number of restaurants down in the old area.    We loved it there and would definitely recommend to anyone for a change from the traditional hotel experience.
5	Yes, it's pricey. But yes, it's a damn gorgeous and private little hotel in the Old Montreal, near everything you want to visit in the Old Port/Old Montreal sectors. Or just if you want a private room with your love one on a romantic getaway. This is my spot when I go celebrate my yearly wedding anniversary with the husband. Its 'Nouvelle-France' decoration gets me every time, especially their interior garden where they keeps birds - and a damn gorgeous parrot! (last time I went, don't know if it's still there). The rooms are well decorated, with huge and comfy canopy bed in pretty much every room!The hotel's restaurant is also pretty good: French styled menu, yet with a 'Terroir' touch. It's a bit pricey, like any hotel restaurant, yet this one is well worth the price: the quality, and quantity, is there!I just love this place!
5	I was looking for a little getaway with a special friend, and I'd read a little about this unique hotel. As far as price, take a look at any of the "name brand" hotels and it's not that expensive. Entering our room you feel like you've taken a step back into a time long forgotten. Stone walls that have been there hundreds of years, a beautiful four poster bed, fireplace and non-contemporary furnishings. Its really quite beautiful. The bed was oh so comfortable and we barely made breakfast!The service at the hotel is personal and professional. It's really a lovely place that I couldn't say a bad thing about! I felt like I was back in the 17th Century (but with wi-fi)
