5	It's in a small, shady looking complex on the Southwest side of town, but its a great store. They have trophies, plaques, & acrylics. Very cheap prices and the owners are great. It's a husband and wife that own the store - and they're very fun and personable and help you out with what you need.Service is pretty damn quick as well. I ordered five plaques and they were done the next day. We've also ordered trophies from them as well - and they came out great. Marble bases make the trophies heavier and look nicer. Great place to go if you need trophies and such.
5	My Fantasy Football League (FFL) decided to get a trophy last year on our annual pilgrimage to LV. On a whim, my cousin took us to this trophy store. They had a wide selection of trophies to choose from but their FFL package caught my eye. For what works out to be a couple bucks a year, you can have a bronze football on a giant wooden base; a trophy worth displaying. I reside in California, and for a moment I debated if the hassle of shipping the nameplate back and forth would be worth the cost. That's when I had the pleasure of meeting Steve, the owner, who explained how easy the process was. He was very friendly & funny.A year later, I called the store to follow up on the engraving process for the trophy. To my disbelief, Vicki, Steve's wife, remembered exactly who we were. I think this attention to detail demonstrates the store's quality customer service. As promised, getting the engraved plates was expedient and expertly done.If you want a trophy, and have fun picking it up, this is the place for you.
5	Vegas Trophies was able to make me a custom trophy for my husband using an item I bought online when every other trophy store in Vegas said it was impossible. The staff is friendly and professional not to mention they were able to make this custom piece in ONE day! I'm extremely impressed and highly recommend this business!
5	Awesome! I came here to get name tags for my nursing program. They offered five for $27 plus tax, which made it under $30. The woman who helped me was very nice and asked me when I wanted them ready. I said, whenever, As I wasn't in too much of a rush. She called me in an hour to let me know they were ready. GREAT service! I will go nowhere else for my name tag needs.
5	Called places to get my battle axe laser engraved on especially a difficult item such as an axe, that I won for placing in the Jay cutler desert classic! Didn't take much time at all! THe owner Steven was very nice. Def will be back to in case and engrave all of my basketball memorabilia!
