4	Came in here with my dad on Saturday night. We ordered 2 pepperoni strombolis go go and he got a piece of pizza. Over all it was pretty good!! I was a little bit skeptical because there was nobody in the restaurant (customers) but a few people popped in as we were waiting. The lady behind the counter was friendly. My dad asked if they make their dough from scratch and she said yes, so that's a plus being an Italian. :D
1	Ordered two medium pizzas for delivery and was told they would be delivered in about an hour. We called after 1 hour and 10 minutes and were told the driver had just left with the order. Called again at around 1 hr and 45 minutes in, after placing the order and were told the driver was 'just pulling in to our apartment building ... Well the driver didn't show up until 2 hours after the order was made. The pizzas were pretty gross. The supreme was cold, greasy and soggy. The toppings and the dough fell right off when a piece was picked up, cold grease dripping and had a cold, rock hard crust. Meanwhile the garlic chicken was cold solid throughout. It honestly looked like a pizza that sat on the counter overnight, the cheese was solid and the chicken and veggies tasted very old. We called them again and the lady on the phone apologized for the long wait. The order came out to be around $40 bucks for just two medium pizzas. We thought at least a partial refund was in order, but the lady said they wouldn't do that. Instead she said they would only be able to give us a 20% discount on our next order since our information would stay in their delivery system. That was nice of her, and while she very polite, the future discount seems totally useless since we will not be ordering from this place again.
5	The real deal New York style..waoooo!  Great pizza and garlic knots.  Though this place is very hidden. But a GEM no less!  You should try it youll be very surprised!
5	I ordered off eat 24 about an hour before closing. The delivery guy was 20 minutes early and the was ridiculously hot. Definitely impressed.
5	Great pizza! Tasty huge pies! Delivery was quick and the driver was a friendly. White pizza was delicious and the deluxe was amazing. We are lucky to have a good local pizza place in the area. Support it!
