4	One of the few places in Charlotte that you can get really good men's clothes at a fraction of the cost.  There's plenty of extra junk that you should probably ignore.  Shoe selection is kinda bleah.  But once in a while you can find a really good deal in here that sometimes falls through.  Recently got a CK slim fit sport jacket here for about $100.  Also got a bunch of pretty nice casual shirts from here for less than $20 each(Retail $90).  Again, had to sift through a bunch of crap, but it is in outlet.  This should be expected.Life will be even tougher if you're a normal size (ie 42R).  If not, you're set.  Congratulations on being a unique snowflake, you get to save more money.Also, get the More card that they have here.  No additional fees.  It's just your typical "Sell my Soul to the Marketing Devil" card.  The once a week e-mails aren't that bad.  If you're not getting an additional 30-50% off of the already 50% off prices when you go here, you're doing it wrong.
1	i came here to buy some jeans before nordstrom rack opened and thought i had the right size but apparently i was now a very small size (24 or 25 depending on which brand). i took 5 pairs into the fitting room and only left with one, telling the fitting room attendant that the rest were too big. you know what she told me?"you need to eat something!"im sorry, but would you tell a girl who said her jeans were too small to lose weight? i didnt think so. don't tell me to gain weight, this is how much i weigh naturally. i have never gone back and when i tell people this story they just stare at me in utter shock that someone would be so rude.
4	Catch me in Saks on any given day in the handbag section......love it!  You can almost always find a nice bag with a decent price and sometimes an additional off........yep my kind of store.  I haven't had much luck with the apparel or shoes but they always have nice things to choose from and again with decent sales.  Lastly, the sunglasses are always plentiful in this store and please know that even the pickiest will find a deal in this section with a very good price.
3	It's Saks's outlet. Nuff said. Think a higher end and way more organized T.J. Maxx or Marshall's. This store even has a touch of the Saks attitude (pretentiousness can be subjective). Call me a townie but I don't like driving over 20 miles to bump elbows sifting through racks on racks on racks only to find 2 viable pieces of clothing. I can do said rummaging less than 5 miles from where I live :) I'm doling out three stars because of its location and volume of ppl constantly trailing in and out of the store.
4	An outlet, yes. But as far as mens clothing, is it TJ Maxx, Marshalls? No I think not. The main difference here is the quality of the merchandise. Marshalls might carry Kenneth Cole Reaction, where as Saks carries the higher end, Kenneth Cole. On top of that, they also carry real Hugo clothes and shoes. Cole Hahns, and other high end leather shoes. Se7en Jeans, yes they got those too. Need a nice suit, yep taken care of. As far as womens' clothes goes though, there are racks on racks of em. Some seemingly high end brands, and once the vultures scavenge through them, there just seems to a big pile of poo left over. Another good thing women can take advantage of though are the sunglasses. They seem to have a good stockpile of last season's sunglasses for very decent prices. -No cases though.
3	I always park in front of this store when I visit Concord Mills & occasionally signs will catch my eye, but I keep walking.Well today, I was killing some time & decided to check out the brands they have to offer. They had huge sales on just about everything in the store & a lot was on clearance.  Since Dion L. is such a huge fan of Diane Von Furstenberg dresses, I decided to check out the rack of 20% off dresses/blouses. I have to say, I was impressed with Saks price, along with the discount - especially when full, full price, these dresses can go for $300+. I was also happy to see Kate Spade offerings in the womens shoe section. Overall, this is a nice store, if you have the money to shop there.  Everything is pretty well organized & signs are extremely helpful. And as Sharon S. noted, yes, you will have to sift through racks, especially with those clearance racks.  But if you're looking for high end clothing (mens & womens), shoes (mens & womens), gifts, handbags, or accessories, Saks has you covered.
4	I love Saks Fifth.  I like the clothes.  This store is humungous.
4	Who doesn't like Saks Fifth Avenue.  I must admit that I do see certain pieces in here that I know I've seen in TJ Maxx for far cheaper!  Also, at this location most of their clothes (too me) are not really hung up in any order.  Shirts mixed with coats mixed with jeans...or it could be that every time I come in here it just needs to be organized. But the quality of their merchandise stands a cut above the rest.  They have Se7en Jeans, Lucky Brand, Juicy Couture, Cole Hahn, etc.  A lovely selection of accessories (again to me...a little over priced), handbags, and shoes (all though the shoe section is very small).  They can do better on their sunglasses.  The styles seem outdated and they're still trying to charge full price.We came here b/c the BF needed a blazer and I needed the perfect LBD.  I was able to find what I was looking for and he found a blazer but the cut was a little too long for him...well never fear b/c there is an onsite tailor.  Once they took his measurement it fit him well and b/c of the quality of it, he looked liked a Black James Bond!
4	I love this store!  I'm a total clothes, shoes, sunglasses and handbag junkie and this place has what I like.  Despite it being in the ridiculously massive Concord Mills it has its own private entrance and you can usually find a parking spot not too far from the door.  I will admit that most items are pricey since there store mainly carries designer brands (i.e. Kate Spade, Dolce and Gabbana, Seven for All Mankind, Marc Jacobs, etc.) but there are awesome clearance and sale racks which is where you'll find me.  My rule of thumb when shopping is never pay full price for anything which includes items that are already marked down when they reach outlet stores.  I've gotten clothes, shoes and handbags here all at great prices that even broke college students can afford.  Don't believe me?  Visit the store yourself and get back to me.  I bet you will have found at least one amazingly, great find and you'll want to go back for more.
