5	My father recently passed away and a family member wanted to send a sort of tranquility garden as opposed to traditional cut flowers.  Stephanie put together a beautiful, lush arrangement that was perfect and had it ready immediately.  I called her again this morning and asked her to do a Christmas centerpiece that was more outdoorsy and rustic as opposed to fussy and embellished.  Not only is it beautiful, but when I asked if it could be delivered this afternoon, she said if the truck wasn't back she'd deliver it herself.  It was there by the afternoon.  And she worked to make sure everything was within my price range!  I will continue to use this florist and highly recommend them!!
4	Called from out of town, found them on Google...Very Pleased with the Service they offered. Helped us pick a plant based arrangement for a funeral. Got it delivered and was told it was very nice! Was able to do everything over the phone and their website was very helpful as well. Hate I had to use them, glad I did!
1	I decided to send flowers to a friend.  I spent $78.06 for a teleflora deluxe sunflower vase to be delivered. The next day, I got a polite thank you from the person I sent them to and a picture of the arrangement. I was shocked.  Not only did it look nothing like on the web page, it looked a if it was quickly thrown together (by a 5 year old).  When I called Jack's to express my disappointment, the florist told me to text her the pictures.  So, I sent the pictures of the disappointment and compared it to a much larger and prettier bouquet I found in a SUPERMARKET for $16.00! Their response: The flowers i received are farm fresh (though they happen to not be attractive) and that I am a difficult customer and to just buy my flowers from the grocery store.  I have attached screen shots of the conversation. Never in my life have I experienced such horrible and degrading customer service, not to mention being ripped off in such a big way.  I send flowers on-line at least 5 times a year and never had any disappointments.  I decided to go away from FTD and support a "local" shop- and this is what I received. But their response was even more unbelievable! How can this place stay in business? Yes.....from now on I will go to a nice grocery store for flowers: Better flowers, cheaper prices, better customer service!
