3	So instead of the usual Saturday night Spaz @ South Point,  my buddies and I decide to check this place out.  Opening just recently,  its siren call of a great view of the strip,  top 40 music and a lounge atmosphere is what lured us.  So here we were a group of 4 guys and a girl, dressed rather nicely, arriving at the Eastside Cannery.  Seriously,  its on Boulder Highway so my spider sense was tingling, but a  brand new sky lounge is a place that  I just cant ignore.  Plus NO COVER! A full view and NO COVER? Too good to pass up.The lobby of the casino is the receiving area,  and you are taken to private elevators that shoot you straight up to the 16th Floor.The decor is very nice and modern, with plush seating and couches.  The lighting is soft and dark,  just enough to make sure you see everything you need to see.  The place is set up in a giant L shape with the bar near the dance floor and the DJ set up within viewing area of everyone at the Lounge.Closer to the elevators are nice plush couches and booths,  very open so you can see where everyone is at,  so i would recommend against overt PDA. The drinks are reasonably priced,  5 for beers,  6-8 for mixed drinks.  Enough servers and bartenders to satisfy and make sure the liquor is always flowing.  Now as for the crowd,  well,  its off the strip and at Boulder Highway.We were all in our mid 20s and the youngest people there.  Most of the crowd  were in their 30s and 40s,  and a good 25% were in their 50s.  This was on a Saturday Night around 11-2.Its not a bad place to take your friends,  just don''t expect to meet super models.  There were a couple of girls who looked like they just got MAC makeovers,  a few guys who were sporting the Tommy Bahama  and some guys in typical collared shirts.  The DJ played top 40 with some old school thrown in for good measure,  the song that got the most response from the crowd was Tone Loc's Wildthing.  Yeah- Im Dead serious.  So here it is in a pinch:PROSGreat ViewGood ServiceGreat LayoutDance floor and bar for the outgoingNice Lounge area for those looking to get CozyOutdoor seating Area for when the weather gets betterGreat place for you and your buds when you just want to hang at a nicelounge without  the ridiculous priceNo Typical club douche bags or trendy hipsters who are too cool to do anything other than sit and clog up the bar with their Mojitos.CONSNot as lively as other placesNot a pickup joint per seThe Crowd tends to be older (not that much of a con,  but if your looking for the young and the restless you might want to look somewhere else.)  I would recommend this place to anyone,  but with a few caveats.  Its not bad,  but I think I was just looking for something livelier.  I will definitely be back during those nights when I just want a good cheap drink at a nice place and chill out with a strip view.
1	The decor and ambiance is so beautiful but that is where the good times end. There is no charge to get into the lounge which is nice but there are plenty of other free places in Vegas. Here's what they can't really control, the TYPE of people that go here. We walked out of the elevator and it was like we walked straight into a movie where they shoot the stereotypical ghetto club scene! Big girls in tight outfits that just don't fit right, shady guys that stare way too hard, girls with 5 different types of weave in their hair. We went to the bathroom and majority of the girls in there looked like they might hook on the side. It just sucks because the place is gorgeous, it just has the wrong crowd taking over it. I talked to some other friends who have gone before and they all said the same thing, it's kind of ghetto. The guys that were there didn't even come up and say hi like normal people, they yelled crap at you from across the floor. I'm not trying to sound elitist or conceited and say we were too good for the place but we definitely had a bourgeoisie moment. I prefer a more eclectic crowd, something not so rundown urban. They just built this place in the wrong part of town.
4	As a local, I can't stand long lines or overly crowded clubs/lounges where you can barely move or dance. And cover? I'll pay if I had to but would rather not. I'm 34, don't care to be at a pick up joint, my man and I just want to hang out, drink and dance. We've done the Vegas scene already over the last 10 years and have gotten our share of the "hottest clubs". We like it here cause its close, offers a great view and there is no line or cover- AND the drinks are cheap! The music is great and there is plenty of room to dance. We aren't as bothered by the people there since we are not there to pick up on anyone plus we have actually met some really nice people that live in the neighborhood. Sure you won't get the "Paris Hilton" types in there, its Eastside Cannery for god's sake! You'll get locals!! Locals that are just normal working people looking to hang out in a nice place and drink and dance....As long as you learn not to judge the book by its cover and get to know some of the people there, you'll have a good time...
2	As a Vegas local, I really wanted to find a place that could measure up to some of the clubs on the strip without the lines or the ridiculous drink prices.  Hence, I really really wanted to love one six sky lounge.  The setting is great - up on the top floor, with sweet views of the city.  The drinks are pretty good and super cheap during happy hour.  No cover and no line (the one time I went).  Too bad the service was so bad I will never go back.  I was with a group of about 6 and we waited and waited and waited to get drinks.  And the place wasn't even busy!  Then our waitress brought over another waitress to help her figure out the computer and we still waited.  Too bad, one-six sky lounge, I thought we could really have something going....
1	**closed**Don't believe all the sites and posters.. they're closed.
