4	Two words: amazing mussels. I have had many a moule frites in my life, but this place probably ranks in the top three for me. The mussels are plump and juicy and the broth is perfectly made -- full of flavour but not overwhelming the taste of the mussels. I was sopping it up with bread the whole way through. I tried the steak as well, but it wasn't anything particularly outstanding for me. Fair warning though, if you're tempted by both the steak and the seafood option, don't go for the surf and turf! The quality of the seafood in the surf and turf is not as good as individual orders of seafood for some reason, so I'd highly suggest just sharing two mains with your dinner partner and getting the best of both worlds.
4	To my surprise, Scotland is rich with seafood cuisine.  Prior to my vacation there, I imagined Scottish cuisine to be rich with beef (highland cows!) and haggis.  But it's easy to find mouth-watering seafood everywhere!Order the surf and turf w/creamy shallot white wine.  The bread pairs nicely with the juice of the mussels and white wine.  The chili, ginger and coriander sauce is tasty, but honestly, it is NOT as delectable as the white wine.  The beef is truly juicy, but make sure you specify if you want it cooked medium, rare, well-done, etc.  The seasoning if fairly simple, but it works!The staff is friendly, and there's a tv that shows what the chefs are cooking.  I'm not quite sure if it's real-time or if all of it is pre-recorded, but it's kinda neat to see what meals are about to be served.
5	One of the best spots for seafood in Edinburgh, and one of my favorite restaurants in the world. Located just across the street from a longer strip of restaurants and pubs in the Grassmarket, it would be possible to pass the Mussels Steak Bar without giving it a second thought. That would be a huge mistake.I've made about 12 trips here for lunch and dinner, and every time I've always been greeted by an unbelievably friendly waiter or waitress. They start you off with some of the best crusty bread and softest whipped butter you'll ever taste, and they are happy to replenish it many times over.My favorite way to start a meal is with a kilo pot of their mussels, which are all ridiculously fresh and delicious, particularly with the white wine, shallots, garlic and cream sauce. Both the steaks and the seafood pasta (with loads of mussels, scallops, prawns, and calamari) are excellent main courses, and their fries with 'beef dripping' are some of the best I've ever tasted. Their wine list is not huge but offers good selection at reasonable prices. The meal can definitely run on the pricey end depending on the conversion rate (if you're an American) but I have never walked out of this place unsatisfied. Highly, highly recommended!
4	The other reviews are  surprising. The first surprise is that a reviewer is surprised to find that Scotland, the north part of Great Britain (a well known island), has decent seafood. The second, and more disturbing, is the complaint that a restaurant with the name "Mussel and Steak Bar" has a fairly short menu. One might have thought, nay expected, that the menu would be mainly ...On a positive note, what I can say is that they provide first class food. What they say they do they do well. The steaks, in my experience, are meltingly tender. The chips (US: french fries) cooked in beef dripping are crisp and moreish.The restaurant is good value because not a  morsel will be left on the plates.
5	Everybody in my family likes something different. My Dad likes Italian, my Mum French, myself Indian and my sister Chinese. The problems it causes when we each want our restaurant to provide something different. As a comprimise, we often decide that a restaurant serving British food is the best option - but then its time for the real battle to begin. Light and fresh sea food or good and hearty steaks?It seems then that I should introduce them to Mussels and Steak Bar - which, as you would expect, serves Mussels and Steak.Its no secret in the restaurant that the produce is local (or at least Scottish) and the ingenious menu combines seafood and heavy meats in brilliantly tasty ways. The sauces used are outstanding, if a bit 'out there' and incredably mouthwatering (In fact my mouth is watering as I type).The restaurant itself is simple and practicle - and despite the annoying big screen TV's - has a seaside town feel to it,matching the down to earth cooking style. The staff are friendly and helpful, while the bar offers a large range of drinks.So there you have it, a restaurant which can cater for all appitites and in a mouthwateringly excellent way.
5	So we're sitting in the hotel bar on Grassmere in Edinburgh and ask the bartender for a restaurant recommendation.  She says "Mussels" and tells us it's nearby.  I glibly comment that maybe there's a review of it in my iPhone YELP app, and lo and behold there is!  Sold.I don't particularly like mussels (the shellfish) nor curry, but I boldly decide to order the Seafood Coconut Curry, which consists of mussels, squid, king scallops, and prawns.  When it arrives, it is 75% mussels, so I'm apprehensive; but it was outstanding!  (Those mussel shells take up a lot of space.)  All four of us loved our meals, and we highly recommend this restaurant.
5	I come here. A lot. Either with my mum or with friends (usually to celebrate a birthday) this has become a personal favourite eating place. Firstly, it does good food- whether you are into seafood or meat. You get to watch your food being cooked on a screen (which is slightly odd) and I love the layout of the ground floor- quite modern without over doing it. Look out for the fun facts about mussels in the toilets.The service has always been super friendly at this place. Being in such a prime location I was expecting shocking prices but I was pleasantly surprised. They have amazing lunch deals and I have never walked out of this place hungry.Sadly they only have one vegetarian option as far as mains courses go. Also, in the winter the upstairs floor tends to get really warm. Aside of these hitches Mussels and Steak Bar is a good standard for me.
4	We always eat here on our annual family visit to the Edinburgh Fringe Festival. It is centrally located being a 3-4 minute walk from the Fringe Hub.The mussels are fresh and cooked perfectly, no rubbery over done ones and non under cooked. The mussels are cooked in four sauces, my favourite is the Thai, though all are good. Great chips too. Veg have to be ordered separate i.e. on top of the price as far as I remember.They do a great lunch deal, the portions are smaller but at approx 60% of the evening price well worthy it. During the month of Aug it does get busy and you may have to wait for a seat. We get round this by eating early or late and fitting our meals around the shows.
3	So you get mussels or you get steak.  We both got the steak.  It was our first day in Edinburgh and the restaurant was recommended by a friend.Food was okay.  My steak wasn't all that flavorful and the chips were a tad bland as well.  Also, my food arrived to the table warm, not hot.  Y'all know how I feel about that.....A little pricey but not really worth it.Service was very good.
5	My favourite place for a mussel pot in Scotland. As an added bonus they also serve some of the best chips I've ever enjoyed - just make sure to get the ones cooked in roast beef drippings!
5	I really liked this place and ate here twice during the Edinburgh Comedy Festival. They have absolutely amazing mussels. Go for the kilo not the smaller portion or you'll regret it (and have to order more). If it's sunny, I highly recommend you sit outside. This place is very central, the service is great, the food was amazing... I will be back!
4	Very tasty food, great beer and really friendly service!!
4	I must say the name of this restaurant is straight to the point and those two things are exactly what my friend and I ordered. The steak was alright, I've definitely had better, but I will say that the mussels were pretty damn good. Very flavorful and piping hot when they arrived at the table. They weren't as good as the ones I had in Belgium, but they definitely weren't bad, and there was also plenty to share for two people. The restaurant itself isn't all that fancy but their service is. They make sure you're taken care of throughout the entire meal. Oh, you must get the Banoffee Pie. What's better than Banana + Toffee + Graham Cracker Crust. Absolutely nothing. It's heaven in your mouth.
5	I had the Mussel plate for lunch. Don't remember being this satisfied with seafood. Good portion size too.
4	They offer chips cooked in dripping here, your reaction to this idea in some ways dictates your opinion of the Mussel and Steak Bar, personally I like it!The menu is pretty much as focussed as the name, If you are not a fan of seafood or steak then this likely isn't the place for you, however if you are then the Mussel and Steak Bar will serve you some tasty examples of both. The lunch menu is a little basic and uses the cheaper rump steak cut, however the price is fair for this and the mussels got a big thumbs up.In short the Mussel and Steak Bar is a good choice if you fancy some surf or turf (or both).
4	I never fail to enjoy a good feed at the Mussel and Steak Bar. Pot of mussels with white wine and garlic sauce does the job perfectly. The ambience is pleasant, but it's better to sit downstairs as the upstairs bit feels a bit empty and lonely I think. Food is generally lovely. Staff are generally lovely. Place is generally lovely. Go!
5	I don't like mussels.  They are too strong and too fishy! Don't care for the smell and don't care for them in soups or stews.  Until now I would have told you that I'd rather eat rattlesnake.  Appearantly in Scottland, there is an entirely different species of mussels.We stopped in at the Mussel and Steak Bar for dinner before walking up to the castle for the 10:30 Tattoo.  Our travel mate ordered the mussel starter.  It arrived with green sauce on it.  OMG, it smelled amazing.  So much so that I had to taste it.  The little mussels were tender and steamed to perfection with a light pesto sauce driselled over them.  It is such a great combination!I had the surf and turf for dinner.  The mussels were done in white wine and garlic and the ribeye steak was tender, juicey and cooked exactly as I ordered it. All four of us agreed that our meals were delightful.  The price was not out of line.  Service was spot on.
4	Fantastic location but very small on the inside, can be a long wait.  The seafood was only slightly above average in freshness and quality, and small portions, so had to knock off one star.
5	The best surf and turf I have ever had. I stumbled upon this place by accident during a day trip to Edinburgh. It was during Scotland's unexpected (and sorely missed) heatwave so we sat outside - a rare treat in our climate. We were the first diners when we sat down but by the time we left the place was full and there was a great vibe. Now to the food. Me and my dad both opted for the same thing - the surf and turf. This consists of a Rib Eye Steak served with half a kilogram of mussels cooked in your choice of sauce, crevettes and squid rings. Being a big fan of Asian flavours I opted for the chilli, ginger and lime sauce. We also ordered some buttered new potatoes on the side to add some carbohydrate to all the protein.When the dish arrived it was amazing. Perfectly cooked steak (medium-rare for me) sitting on a mountain of seafood - not many things could look so appealing. All the seafood was full of flavour, the sauce had just enough heat and the Corona with lime just added to an amazing meal.Next time I'm in Edinburgh I will definitely be making a return here (I hope the heatwave will too).
5	An excellent experience - all of the food was of a high quality, as was the service..Whether it was scallops, mussels, oysters or plaice, the seafood was first class and as fresh as the sea itself.Steaks were also delicious, both ribeye and sirloin.The wine choices worked well with the food and the choice of whiskies suited our need to try something different. Staff were terrific. Attentive, friendly and showing real concern for our table.We will be back.
4	it's been a while since I've posted anything to yelp - but I noticed a distinct lack of available info during my travels to Scotland and Ireland, so here goesThis place is located at the (end of the) Grassmarket in Edinburgh - from what the guide books tell me, it would have had a great view of all the hangings (puir man got hangit) that took place there.The inside is modest but nice and aside from the somewhat crabbit (maybe German?) bartender, the service was just fine.  We split a bucket of mussels (shallot cream white wine sauce) and I had an 8oz ribeye - the husband had something weird like pasta.  The mussels were the best I've had in my life, truly amazing, and the steak, skinny little thing that it was, was delicious also.  The quality of the local beef and seafood spoke volumes - no extravagant preparations or sauces required.Highly recommend.
5	Wow. This place was Sooooo good.  Oysters rib eye and cheesecake were all incredible. The side of mushrooms were also very good. The prices are great for what you get.
3	Cute little restaurant with a great location on Edinburgh's grass market, with option to sit inside or outside. However, we were disappointed there was no salmon option for main lunch meal and the service was VERY slow. The food was lovely but the long wait on our meals prevents us awarding a rating any higher than 3. Also the staff weren't particularly friendly, not unfriendly just unenthusiastic.
5	Mussels are so tasty! Impressive restaurant. Easy to access, warm service. Desserts and white wine are also impressive. Absolutely a wonderful choice coming back from the castle
3	Whilst soaking up the festival atmosphere and trying to sift through the hundreds of flyers which had been thrust at us, my boyfriend and I came across the mussel and steak bar and could hardly believe our luck; mussels AND steak, could there BE a better combo?! We popped in for a spontaneous lunch and were seated immediately by polite and efficient staff. While I ordered a duck salad for starter and mussels for main, my boyfriend went for the three course lunch deal. The food did not disappoint, as all was beautifully presented, arrived promptly and tasted wonderful. Only downside was that my initial excitement at the designated gluten and dairy free menus faded when my starter was served containing Parmesan slices, despite the fact I ordered dairy free and had double checked when served that my starter was dairy free. I ended up leaving the cheese to the side, and when our plates were cleared the waitress realised the error and was very apologetic. The rest of the meal went smoothly and the manager gave us a huge discount, so no harm done as my reaction to dairy is not severe, but even so I'm giving the mussel and steak bar 3 stars instead of 4... But overall lovely atmosphere and fabulous food, will definitely return to try the steak!
4	We were in for the Edinburgh Festival and saw our favorite tapas place replaced by Mussels and Steak. The atmosphere looked a little cold and modern but the menu was interesting. In a word, the mussels were terrific! We tried the bacon and cream. Plump mussels, huge pot, delicious.Our scallop starter was equally good. The steak was fine but next time we are just doing mussels. This is really their thing.Not five stars as they just opened (second location) and fumbled a bit with forgetfulness and delays.The staff and owner were very friendly and apologetic. Highly recommended .
5	Loved the place. Great mussels and the service was amazing. You have to try the mussels. No idea about the steak though. But I would go for the mussels every time.
4	Cost-effective! Nice steak! Strongly Recommend courses. And the waitress is very nice. The smoked salmon is too salty. I can't handle it.
5	I've never been a big fan of mussels, but this place changed my mind. So delicious! Great place to enjoy them with white wine in the afternoon.
2	Disappointed. With a rating of 4 and half stars in Yelp lured us to the cosy corner of Victoria Street around our hotel when we are visiting Edinburgh. One of the East European Looking waitresses was extremely rude when we asked if they still serve a Scallop dish (from a photo in Yelp page for this restaurant), she replied with a cold expression on her face and told us it's not on the menu, suggested us to read the menu carefully and walked away without even we could have replied or order anything from the menu. Later we were explained by another waiter some of the dishes are seasonal and the chef changes the special menu from time to time. The bizarreness of the rude and impatient behaviour by that waitress was lingering through the entire poorly prepared 2 courses  meal which we waited a long time to receive.If it is cheap and rude, nothing helps. Any sensible people wouldn't go there again.
