5	I made a last minute decision to stop by No Lines By Design for a "lunchtime facial". The manager, Jocelyn, was working the front desk and she was incredibly friendly. Their waiting room is stocked well with informational brochures and a slew of gloMinerals makeup. You are so busy looking at all the pretty makeup that you don't even realize you're waiting. I received my facial from April and she was great. I like it when estheticians tell you what products they are using during the service without sounding "pitchy". After I left my face was glowing and I felt very refreshed. I'll definitely be back.
5	I got my first ever professional facial with April.  My skin was so silky fresh, and she was very attentive to my allergies so we could customize the facial to my needs.  Great atmosphere and, best of all, really close to where I work!April was super friendly, as was the front desk girl / manager.  I felt instantly welcomed and relaxed.  Great place. Highly recommend it.
5	Jennifer Quinn has the hands of a magician!! And the rooms are relaxing, beautiful & clean. I would highly recommend No Lines By Design to anyone looking for results in a professional & friendly setting.
5	I was searching for a place that provided the VI peel and I found No Lines.  I had been using Retin-A for a few years and it began to burn my skin leaving me with acne scars.  When I called to make an appointment, Jasalyn was very nice and suggested a different procedure.  Jennnifer was the aesthetician I met with.  She was so nice and she knows her stuff.  We ended up doing a series of silk facials and she changed my skincare routine on day one.  I saw some improvement in my skin and I loved my new products.  After a few facials, I decided I was ready for the VI peel to make the scars completely disappear.  There was no discomfort during the procedure.  My face did peel quite a bit, but Jennifer provided great after care instructions and products.  My scars are gone and I'm so happy with my skin.  I will no longer be using expensive medications for my face.  I will stick to the Glo skincare line and continue to let Jennifer take care of my skin.  I highly recommend this place.
5	Love this place the staff and all the services they provide. Clean and close to my work.
