5	What a great place!! Their work was amazing!! I am definitely coming back here every time!!!
5	Happened upon this new nail salon while driving around. Julie did an awesome job. The place is brand new, so you need a bit of patience as they are still hiring more techs, but super friendly, clean, and offered water or soda. I'll be back for sure!
5	Julie did a great job with the OPI gel products.  This is my new nail 'place.'
5	After seeing their reviews on Yelp, I decided to give this place a try. I must say, I will now be a regular here. The people are friendly, and their service is excellent! They took their time and did a great job, unlike other places that I have been to where they just rush and do a horrible job. Their massage chairs are pretty amazing as well. I definitely recommend.
5	My sister and I were looking for a nail salon for the longest, she has delicate toe nails and after driving around I decided to go to yelp.com and let me tell you best app ever well going back to the nail salon I found these amazing place call glossy nails and tanks to other reviews I came here and what was my surprise these place is amazing my sister is super happy they fix her ingrown nail and now we have a place to go to I will strongly tell people to come to these shop is great.
5	One of the few places where I enjoyed getting my eyebrows done. Very friendly staff.  . . Definitely coming back for a touch up.
5	I read the reviews on Yelp and decided to give this place a try as it is closer than my normal place.  The prices are reasonable and Sa did a great job!  I bite my nails so for me if someone's work can withstand that kind of punishment, that says alot about their quality. We'll see how well these hold up; this may become my "go to" shop.
5	Julie was excellent! Thank you, my nails were sparkly and perfect to ring in the new year!
4	Not a flashy place place but clean and prices are reasonable. Staff was friendly and not too crowded.  Plenty of parking out front.  Sa made my nails looked great and gave me an awesome pedi.  Love the massage chair it was comfy. Second time there and will definitely continue to return.
5	I love love love this place! It was my first time here, and I was not disappointed! Tom and Julie were wonderful! They did an awesome job! I am beyond satisfied!!!! I will definitely recommend people here! Thanks guys see you soon!!!!
5	Found this place by searching for a Nail Salon, here on Yelp. I had just finished shopping at the Target across the parking lot when I searched for it. The great reviews inspired me to go in and experience for myself. Let me tell you, I'm SO glad I did.The owner, Julie, was so nice and welcoming. She did a wonderful job on my nails. I got a fill on my stiletto acrylic nails and a polish change. She corrected a mistake that was made at one of the other salons I previously went to in town and made sure my nails were clean, shaped perfectly and done right.I can honestly say that Glossy Nails will be my permanent nail salon. So happy I found it and I recommend it to anyone. Thank you, Julie!
1	My friend and I went in together early afternoon. We both wanted to get a new full set acrylics. (See pics attached for how our finished nails looked.) Julie and.....I guess from seeing other reviews, Tom (?) were working that day. Julie was my manicurist and Tom assisted my friend.And the nightmare begins....-1 star for Tom making my friend's nail bed bleed. If a salon makes you bleed....that's never a good thing.-1 star for Julie not being able to draw a simple bow design on my ring finger nail.  It wasn't like a wanted a fancy design or requesting her to draw the Mona Lisa.-1 star for being stingy on my powder glitter. I looked at my nails as it was drying and it didn't even look like there were any glitter. So I asked her if she could put a second coat. She gives me this BS about "oh, it's not gonna look like the picture and it won't look good." IS THAT SO HARD TO DO!? I'm just requesting a 2nd coat!!!!! If you're gonna charge me a hefty price of an extra $15 for damn glitter.....it better be to my liking.-1 for making me go back to the salon two days later. Now mind you, I've been getting my nails done at salons (I always get acrylics too) for 10+ years and NEVER....I REPEAT...NEVER have i need to go back to the salon to fix something. So.... I realized my left thumb acrylic was starting to lift in the MIDDLE. I could even slide a piece of paper corner in between the acrylic and my real nail. I went back to Julie and she starts saying that it's because my nail grows out weird. EXCUSE ME?!? You're blaming my nails?! Mind you, my nails grow out normal. Besides...you, as a manicurist, should be able to work with any types of nails and their conditions. Almost a week later...the acrylic is still ON my nail with no lifting in the middle. JUST LIKE IT SHOULD BE. Blaming it on my nail. Tsuh... -__- lady, maybe it was YOUR carelessness the first time around that made the acrylic lift off in the middle.Acrylic full set white tips with diamond glitter powder: $45And my friend got acrylic full set with gel polish: $45.
