3	I had very high hopes for Campus Commons coming out of a fantastic Yelp event earlier in the week.  But I was let down today when a co-worker and I took a drive for lunch.  I came in to work raving about all of the awesome food I had.  I wanted, no, needed to go back and to share in this discovery.  Upon walking in today I was hit with a strong fish smell probably from the Weeziana Gumbo, the Korean place, and the Mexican place.  Each serves fish of some sort.  I can get past the smell though.  I'm not planning on eating the fish.  But what I was planning on eating I was not able to.  Counter Cuisine was not going to open today.  That was one of my first choices for lunch.  I loved the vegetarian lasagna I had last time.  My other choice was Kaba Curry.  I've had their food a couple of times but they were not open as early as I was there and I could not wait until they opened.  I had to get back to the office.  That left me with the Korean restaurant which I was not in the  mood for. The Mexican restaurant which did not seem to have on their menu everything that I sampled with Yelp. Wing King which does not appeal to me as I do not like wings. And Weeziana Gumbo which is very good but has limited options.  After a few minutes of deliberation with my co-worker, we decided to save Campus Commons for another day.  I still want to try it again but it is hard to tell who is going to be open and when.  Perhaps when Spring Break is over and the students are back at nearby CSN all the restaurants at Campus Commons will be open and I give it another try.  Until then, I'm disappointed in the casual disorganization of it all.
4	This is a better alternative to going to the mall food court or as a casual lunch/dinner place when you can't decide on what to eat.  As of now, you can choose Korean BBQ, Japanese style curry, Creole, Mexican, chicken wings (with CRAZY-good desserts), and a great healthy eating joint.I made a statement about this place in my review of the CMYE, but I will make it again, since I deem it so important.  The owners here are very community oriented, even recommending food from the other places.  As a community, they keep tables clean and give good customer service.  Don't forget, there is free WiFi if you need to have a working lunch and there is also a computer in the dining area, but i have yet to see anyone using it.My 2 current favorites are Counter Cuisine (because I should be eating healthier) and Kaba Curry.One thing to be aware, as was stated by Misti Y. & Jared N., each establishment has their own hours and it would behoove you to call ahead to make sure they are open.
3	It is almost like a mall food court without the mall and the national and regional franchise brands. What you will find are local small restaurants serving what they believe are the best food they can serve for the money.  It is very close to the College of Southern Nevada (CSN) Charleston campus, another nearby school, other commercial properties and apartments, so it is a convenient spot to drop in for a quick lunch or dinner.What you will find here in no particular order are:Korean take out (K-BBQ, with a little Hawaiian and boba tea added for good measure).Kaba Curry. Japanese curry menu on traditional rice or udon noodles, and curry grilled chess sandwiches plus some Hawaiian inspired desserts.Weeziana Gumbo & More.  Serving up no joke Seafood Gumbo!  Authentic home style Louisiana food and desserts.Wing King. Hot wings with mild to make you cry like a little b**** sauce options.  Bomb desserts.Counter Cuisine.  Healthy but tasty alternatives to your average eats.Tacos el Jefe. Food you get at home if you are raised in a Mexican family with parents that can cook like Top Chef finalists.A lot of variety, so a good chill spot to meet with your friends if y'all can't agree on what to eat.Free WiFi for customers.3 stars!
4	Talk about food court with personality! First off who would ever think about making a free standing building next too college campus (CSN) with not exactly the most attractive decor on the inside and out. Nor would you call it in the best area of town or clearly visible sure they have big sign out front but could easily pass it. Never judge a book by its cover!! You will find inside is one literally melting pot of culinary delight in life! An ethnic diversity that would please most souls in life from Korean, Mexican, Southern Cuisine, Japanese Curries, American Hot Wings, and Healthy Alternative. Most part Campus Commons is not that busy. I never went during lunch hours when most students are on campus but in the evenings not too busy. The fall back with evening hours is half the restaurants generally closed. The chairs are classic food court style with the turning chairs get in and out. Most if not all the restaurants serve food in styrofoam plates or bowls. No servers but for the most part they all deliver the food too you. Parking lot all around the building. In all think Campus Commons has personality all its OWN. Every business in the building is truly family owned NONE of this mass marketed or chain restaurant brand. Nothing fancy about the decor just proves my point its OWN. Just refreshing too see such diversity of restaurants all under one tiny roof and supportive of each other. For sure if looking too support the family own Campus Common is example of little restaurants that get lost sometimes. Just a great place too support local community, little people, and heck literally go seven days straight never have the same thing twice here at Campus Common!!!
4	From the outside, I can't tell what the heck this place is: the "Internet Cafe" part caught my eye and I initially went in hoping to use free wifi. But then I walked in and saw multiple food counters, like a food court- and a random desktop computer toward the back, realizing that the "internet cafe" was a business. Oops.But I lingered- there's a decent selection of places here, and while they all seemed to be fairly small and low-budget, I figured that local businesses had to start somewhere, right? And an entire brick-and-mortar building usually requires a big chunk of change, not to mention remodeling costs before they even open. I can see the opportunity being pretty good, from the business perspective.There's a wing place, a taco place, the obligatory boba stand, what appeared to be a southern place? and what I really loved: a cajun place. Weeziana's is what really got my attention, with their fish and swamp offerings of gumbo and po' boys and fried catfish. Ultimately went for the seafood gumbo and shut the door on the flavor. Gave them their own separate 5-star review, and I don't hand out many of those.Gonna be back here soon, probably this weekend, to grab wings during the 49ers game. Judging by their Yelp presence, the odd location hasn't hampered their success either- here's hoping this odd little food court becomes known as a breeding ground for great local restaurants new to the biz, later going on to great things.
