4	Great food for a franchise! Nice helpful quick staff! Thanks Troy ( manager)?Fresh sliced meats with a decent amount of deli meat on your sandwich.    They have cold subs, Philly cheesesteaks, salads, and wraps. Mikes way is a style they make your sandwich and worth trying . Short review while driving!!
5	Happy to have a Jersey Mikes in Surprise, AZ. Been here 4 times and the have never disappointed! This location is extremely busy   Yet, they are very good at working through the crowds.
2	My bread was very dry but my husband and brother liked theirs so I give them 2 stars for that reason.  $28 for 3 sandwiches was too much.    I won't be a return customer.
5	Excellent place for a sub sandwich, all meat and cheeses are freshly cut in front of you (unlike Subway). Bread is always fresh and soft. A little on the spendy side but in my mind, you get what you pay for and if you want a FRESH sandwich this is the place to go. I'll be a returning customer for sure.
4	4 stars because I LOVE Jersey Mike's subs. The girls working behind the counter were so-so when it came to customer service. Again, delicious subs! So much better than Jimmy John's and Which Wich (in my opinion)!
5	So happy Jersey Mikes now in Surprise! They have the best! More meat, good service too. Now we will know where to eat! So happy!
4	Seriously yummy sandwiches at a reasonable price! Made fresh right in front of you and way better send some of the other sandwich places locally
4	I have only been to this restaurant twice and I have to say that I am a fan. This place makes Subway look really bad! Not only is the staff here very friendly and good at their jobs but the food there is just delicious. I Love the fact that everything is cut fresh before your eyes instead of wondering how long its been sitting in this nasty tub out in the room temperature air. A big thumbs up.
5	My favorite place for a sub in the area. #13 is my favorite and the pepper relish is amazing! You have to request it on your sub.
1	I don't know what all the rage is about this place. When they first opened in Surprise a lot of people were talking about how excited they were because Jersey Mikes is so great. I would beg to differ. This place is nothing special and is extremely overpriced! We have no problem spending money on good food.....but this place is far from 'worth' the money. The subs are mediocre to low quality. The sizes of the subs are odd at 5,7 and 15. And the prices range from $5 to $15 for a sub. I'm sorry but $15 for a sub is ridiculous. Buy the time you get chips and a drink you are close to $20......ugh...ya right! We have seen many sub shops come and go in Surprise.....this is probably the third one in the exact space and none before have last so I'm sure Jersey Mikes will be taking a hike very soon. Overpriced mediocre food does not last in Surprise. I'd suggest you go down the road to Mr. Goodcents who has been a valley staple for sometime now. They have a 15 inch sub for the price of Jersey Mikes medium sized sub.
5	Always friendly, helpful, fantastic service from this place. The food has never disappointed, either. Too many sub places have come and gone in surprise but I'm hoping this one will stay. When I need my sub fix, this is the place to go. Pleasantly surprised by the portions, service and taste for both cold and hot subs!
2	Our oldest came from home work one evening and absolutely raved about this place so, seeing how we are always looking for something fresh and new in the West Valley, naturally my wife, daughter and I thought it might be a restaurant worth looking into.High priced doesn't begin to describe this place. Over priced is more like it. At a whopping $15.00 a sub (most subs are, on average, between $13.00 - $15.00 for a large) the amount of meat to vegetables and bread ratio is ridiculous. First off, the dressings they use are hardly existent. Couple that with the staples of the sandwich and for the price you would expect a healthy serving of the meats of your choice. Instead you get freshly shaved smatterings of both meat and cheese, and when it comes to the vegetables you almost have to beg for additional lettuce, tomato and pickle. The bread itself appeared flat and overcooked, and unlike it's competitors in the sub sandwich market, fell short of being light and full.The one and ONLY thing I can say that was a positive regarding my visit was that having chatted up the General Manager as he made our four sandwiches, he appeared to be a genuinely nice person - someone easy to get along with, friendly and courteous.As for the Jersey Mike's Subs experience as a whole...let's just say for my money I will not be going back any time soon.
