5	It's been years since I have seen service this great! Most bike shops will give a two week pick up on a repair, Vegas Bike Store was three days. Pricing on parts was much better then what I was quoted from others. Friendly, they actually asked if I needed help, not the silent treatment given at other bike store. Go check out Vegas Bike Store!
5	I went to four or five other bike stores before stopping here and while I was greeted with great customer service at many of them, I just wasn't finding a bike with the components I wanted at a price that would work for my small budget.  I still planned on shopping around a bit more when I walked into Vegas Bike Store earlier this week, but ended up buying a road bike at a great price and with the customer service I was looking for.  I am a beginner and when I went to get the bike fit, Tim spent a couple of hours with me going over the in's and out's of my bike from clipping shoes in to shifting gears to picking out a water bottle and lights.  It was an awesome experience and I can't wait to join them on their weekend rides to get more helpful tips!  If you're looking for that right mix of customer service and pricing, I highly recommend Tim at the Vegas Bike Store!
5	I came too Vegas Bike Store too fine tune my first road bike. One that bought online so there always that trepidation with any bike shop may hold it against you. Vegas Bike Store had nothing but a warm reception and same personnel service if I did buy bike from them. Tim the owner his passion he has for cycling, just talking about every detail about my bike, his group rides on weekends, and as I prepare on my journey too my first triathlon got me fired up more. The HONESTY talking with Tim about my first road bike. We talked about my components, direction want too go with cycling (triathlon), and level bike that wanted too start with for first road bike (talked about if want take it too the next level). Refreshing talking with an owner that has the passion for his business, talking about going out on the weekends riding, and has group rides for all levels on weekends. Someone that new too cycling and road bikes. I loved the fact they still took the time too go over all my options (most of the basic essentials they  carry three different prices; not just high end options), never pushed me either way, made point that comfort is essential, and without doubt quick service. I came here thinking that something basic not get done in one day. Literally could have got it done! I have found the more bike shops gone too the smaller ones better chances of getting bike done sooner then later. Vegas Bike Store love fact small shop and feel more personnel service soon walk in. Tim extremely knowledgable on everything need too know on bikes. They also carry selection of mountain bikes too. I came here all about road bikes. Without question plan on coming back again not only for regular tune up but if need repair work. Happy that literally on the right side of town.!!!!
5	Between Tim Schumacher and Danny Walters I was able to climb a steep learning curve, order a Bianchi and took their advise on upgrades.  They dialed in my bike at just over 18 lbs. I am really enjoying my bike and recommend Vegas Bike Store for any level of rider.
5	I came for a new crankset and tune-up for my trusty steed(her name is Porcia) and this store flat-out delivered! Upon entering the store which is tucked away in the back corner of the 'Naked Sushi Plaza', as I like to call it, I was greeted by an extremely friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable member of the staff named Tim. I informed him of the reason for my visit and he immediately got the ball rolling to ensure I would be back on the saddle and crushing mountains into dust in no time.The tune-up ended up being about $15 cheaper than the McGhie's about a block away, so I relinquished my bike for surgery. Tim walked me through what options I had for cranksets and the different prices and time frames in which they could be ordered to the shop. After selecting one the whole process took about 3 days before I received Porcia back and upon first glance, I fell in love all over again.The bike was riding to perfection after the tune-up and crankset were installed. Gears were shifting seamlessly and they had even put a couple of handlebar caps in to replace the ones I was missing. Red to match my bike! I also had Tim add me to their email list which reminds of upcoming sales and also organized rides from the shop. I have most certainly found my new local bike shop.
5	So I moved to Las Vegas the end of 2012 and I realized that I only lived slightly over 5 miles from my job and I wanted to get into biking. Although I bought my first road bike online, I got the gears set up at this store and I have only taken my bike to Vegas Bike Store to be fixed. I was recommended here by my running friend who was a sponsored by this store. Unfortunately, I have fallen twice since buying my road bike, but Tim and Danny have helped restored my bike quickly and honestly. Tim, the owner, is a very genuine guy who tries to save you money, rather than trying to get every last cent from you. He has been in the biking world for years and you can tell right off the bat by talking to him, he knows his stuff. My first accident, my shifters needed to be replaced and the second my back derailleur needed to be replaced. Those were both my fault as I am still new to riding. Slow down on curvy underpasses and don't let go of your handlebars to adjust your volume on your Ipod. Running into a fence at the underpass of the 215 and Desert Inn Rd messed my shifters up and letting go of my handlebars while riding, I hit a big rock on Sahara and fell around 25-30 MPH at night. Main point don't be an idiot like me, but if you do end up messing your bike up, be smart and go to Vegas Bike Store, they'll help you save money. That's the only place I will take my business in Las Vegas and all I need to do now is start making some of those easy/medium rides that Tim organizes on Saturday's.
5	At a glance:- No intimidation factor that many shops give to novice riders.- Great prices on maintenance.- They have never tried to "up-sell" me on things I don't need.It's small, but that adds to the feel that it's a hometown shop. Service is personal, and the staff seems like it's owner-operated, a big plus and difference from the bigger stores. Once I have "earned" a new bike by hitting some mile goals, I will buy it from them as a loyalty reward to how they have treated a customer that is not a big source of business for them.
5	Just moved here recently from the Pac NW where bike shops are a dime a dozen and steep in bike culture. Unfortunately, Its rare to find good customer service at most of these bike stores based on my experience, let alone here in Vegas. After several visits to half dozen bike shops in my area, I find Vegas Bike Store to be an oddity in that they actually care about the customer, a concept lost on many of its competitors. Excellent line of mid to high end products and a friendly knowledgable staff! What else could you ask for? Tim and crew went over all my options and helped me settle into this new city with their great care and understanding of all my cycling needs. These guys rock!
