4	*UPDATE April 30, 2013: This review was written when this was still Saturn of Scottsdale, so it does not apply to the current business*This is a review of parts and service only, as I've never bought a car here. The parts counter has all the basic stuff for the Astra, but I have had to order quite a bit of stuff, such as wiper blades and the cabin air filter. But when I do have to order stuff, they have always had it in within two days. I also have quite a few miles on my Astra already, so I'm going to be replacing wear parts on the car a bit faster than others. There's also not that many Astras on the road, so I wouldn't expect them to have a huge parts supply on hand. Parts for the car are reasonably priced, especially considering most come from Germany (and come with Opel/Vauxhall logos on them), and you can't get most of the parts at your local auto parts store (the only parts I can find at my Autozone are the spark plugs). Whatever I can't do at home, I'll take it in here. Service is always friendly, as you would expect from Saturn. I do recommend making an appointment, but if you are just doing a basic oil change or something, you might ask if you can bring it in immediately. If they can fit you in, they will. If they can't get you in the same day, they'll usually have something the next day. Saturdays tend to fill up early, though.
1	Run, do not walk, from these guys.I sent a request for quotes to area dealers (via online services like pricequote and invoicedealers). The first problem was that I started getting duplicate emails with c'mons. And then I received emails from Tonelli. Then John Lloyd. I'd ask one a question and the other would reply "when will you be coming in?"When I finally received a quote from them, it turned out they quoted last year's price. (cough... our real price is way over what other dealers quoted.).I heard Earnhardt has a bad reputation for playing games like this. It came as no surprise when I experienced it.
2	Car dealerships tend to get bad ratings. They are well known for their pushy sales and secret tactics- no doubt about that. I purchased my Hyundai when this dealership was under different ownership. The sales process was like any other dealership. But I know what I'm doing and knew what I wanted. I love my vehicle. Service dept used to be great. They had a service director there (Tim) who was excellent and worked as an advisor for years. Now I go in for warranty work and they simply don't treat you with the respect I used to know. They have good points but bad ones too. Even an oil change takes forever ! No dealership is great but the service dept is what keeps a customer a customer. Unorganized and have an attitude. I would be even more mad if it wasn't warranty work and it came from my pocket. Sadly it seems like other local Hyundai service depts are this way too. Infiniti, Acura, honda are all excellent in the service dept. Earnhardt Hyundai needs to take lessons from them.
5	= = = = =NEW CAR BUYING EXPERIENCE  = = = = =After a lot of wonky research & test driving, I selected a certain new Buffetmobile, which of course turned out to be so rare that there was only one in the whole Valley that had the equipment I wanted, in one of my color choices.Rep Sean Pieper here lassoed it in here for me from another sales lot to come see & possibly buy, without me having to come in, put up a deposit, or anything.  This was already a great start!  At my request, he also emailed me a real out the door price offer for the car, which wasn't too far off from what I wanted to pay.  Another big plus!  (I had also made contact with a number of other Hyundai reps around the Valley asking them for a REAL price offer for this car.  They all agreed to send me an out-the-door price, then half of them didn't!  POOF!  NO SALE!)  Ok, so I whipped over here & found both Sean & Finance Manager Ian Parker to be very easy to do business with.  I was able to negotiate a very fair final price for the car, & there was no sales pressure or dog & pony show at all.  It was all very pleasant & they even delivered the car to my house with a full tank of gas!I love my new "Tex Earnhardt" Hyundai & the buying experience I had here with Sean Pieper, "and that ain't no bull"!     :-))
5	My experience with Earnhardt Hyundai Scottsdale was wonderful thanks to Sean our salesguy;0)  He was professional and polite the entire time, he knew how to work with both my husband and I.  He didn't use scare tactics and sly talk to entice us instead he was patient, listened and allowed my husband to lead the conversation and responded accordingly.  When he brought out our credit report he explained the ratings fairly and without judgement.  I felt comfortable spending the 4.5 hours there and... we had our 12 year old with us -- a fun time.  It's comforting to know that the world still has caring and respectful salespeople like Sean.  Matter of fact, we are going to him tomorrow to buy a 2nd car for our daughter, I believe they can sell other brands like Honda from other lots.
5	I recently purchased a new Sonata, and was blown away by how easy and pressure free the experience was. James O. was my sales guy- awesome, solid guy!  I will definitely recommend working with James in the future. Oh, and they were more than fair on my trade in!
2	It did not take long for this dealership to respond to my review - less than 2 hours, which is impressive. After speaking with the general manager, the dealership is making an effort to resolve my complaints. If everything is resolved accordingly, I will upgrade my review and feel better about recommending this dealership in the future. I have upgraded my review from 1 to 2 stars, for now. Updates:1. PAYMENT: Another miscommunication - resolved to my satisfaction2. ATTENTION TO DETAIL: Name and address are now correct, but it is not evident where this error happened or how. All of the paperwork at the dealership had the correct information. The ball was dropped somewhere between the paperwork leaving the dealership and making it to Hyundai Finance. It is correct now, so the issue is resolved, though I am still unsure of how the error ever occurred.3. SERVICE: appointment is scheduled, will update if a resolution is reached4. SALES: I still stand by the overall customer experience I had, which was excellent, friendly, and professional. I am not aware of any fault on the "sales" side for the issues I have encountered.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I gave this dealership a chance, but I feel compelled to review my experience based on my experience over the first month and a half of ownership. I would never, not ever recommend this dealership to anyone,but especially  not to a first time car buyer. I do not know quite where to begin, but here are the biggest issues I have experienced since purchasing my vehicle:1. PAYMENT - The biggest, and most important. I was told explicitly that my first payment would not be due for 45 days. I have received no information regarding payment up to this point, and I called the dealership with no return phone call, so I took it upon myself to look up what was owed on the car and when my first payment was due via the Hyundai Motor Finance website. Well, the first payment was due 21 days ago - I received no statement and no information regarding a payment (which as already stated, I did not expect to be due until April), and the second one is due next week! So, I called the corporate office, and this leads me to my second problem with this dealership...2. ATTENTION TO DETAIL- Why? They spelled my name wrong when the car was registered with Hyundai; they put my address from a year ago when my correct address was clearly on my license, they put an incorrect phone number, and they did not send the terms of my agreement to HMF- when pressed for detail about what makes up the payment, there was no information available. I have not received any written communication from the dealership or from HMF about payments that were due, which could be explained by the fact that they pulled an old address from 10 months ago, but I am still having my mail forwarded, so I am not going to give them any allowance for not even sending me a statement now for two payments.3. SERVICE - The service team is professional and friendly, but they told me I was crazy (in a nice way) because I have now complained to them twice about the bluetooth function in my car not working. Calls get dropped on the bluetooth repeatedly, but the call is still active on my phone. I even took my  phone to Apple to get it replaced, and the bluetooth still fails on me repeatedly. But, since they could not figure out what causes the drops, they were unable to fix it. This is a brand new, 2013 model - the car has less than 1000 miles on it, but I am the one that is crazy and its the phone's fault, not theirs. The car also had a vile burning smell for the first two weeks I drove it, but I was told this could not have been the case, nothing burning in the car. OK...I said there is a problem, they say there is no problem. Not sure how to handle that.4. SALES - The sales team is VERY good at what they do: eloquent, friendly, accommodating, but they do not have your best interest in mind. I am an engineer for a software company, I am certainly not a stupid person, so I am well aware that they have to make money. But the "miscommunications" are so rampant at this point, I do feel I have been taken advantage of- or at least misdirected. I will never purchase a Hyundai again, but more importantly, I would NEVER recommend this dealership to anyone in the Valley...they are professional and friendly, but more than anything they are deceitful and have no mind for detail, only to move cars off their lot. I am positively furious about the treatment I have received thus far. I cant wait to put this whole negative experience behind me.
5	After a lot of looking I found a car I was interested in on their website. I called and set up an appointment to look at it. After the long drive out from Goodyear I was really hopeful that I would like the car. When I arrived it was nice of them to offer some water before my test drive. They pulled the car around and sent me on my way. I like this no pressure experience because it really gives you a chance to check out the car. Once back at the dealership they worked out the deal I asked for with no haggling which was great. At that point I decided to return with my husband to make sure he liked the car as well. When we got back once again we took the car out with the same results. No pressure just super friendly service. We decided we wanted the car. Everyone was great from our sales person Jon-Erik to the finance guy Ian. This was by far the easiest most laid back purchase I have had. I would definitely return for another purchase.
5	I just bought a 2012  Hyundai Sonata Hybrid   on May 10 from Earnhardt--   The MSRP for this car is approx $28,000.  My salesman James Orosco  asked me  "are you a veteran"  which I am-- he said bring in your  discharge papers and we can sell you one of these for 22,000--  Needless to say I bought it and He is one on the most helpful--  non pressure car salesmen I have ever dealt with.  I love this car---  If you swapped out hood ornaments and logos   you would be hard pressed to tell the difference be this and  Lexus  (which would be $15,000 or $20,000 more)
4	My husband used to sell cars for a living so we are really picky about how we are interacted with and sold to. While it felt like it forever to get the process moving, it was a mostly pleasant experience without a ton hard sell add-on bull. The car was exactly as they described on the phone and we couldn't be happier with the overall experience.
2	My girlfriend purchased a '12 Elantra from this dealership on January 3rd, 12. Overall, the sales part was fine. We did some haggling on price but came to an agreement rather quickly really. It was the finance guys who ruined the experience for us. Long story short, they tried to rip us off out over over $1100 in extras. This deal was for a lease and they had reduced the amount of her trade, tacked on a $650 for "etching" which they said was a "paint warranty and was required" which we knew was BS from the beginning, and they even tried to absorb the Hyundai $500 Recent Grad rebate! We demanded those items to be fixed, and they did after about two hours of telling is "it was required". Then, after signing the contract and having her father (VP at Citizens Bank at the time) found that they  had still charged the same fees but under different names. After many phone calls and emails, and even making a threat to take the story to 3 On Your Side as well as contacting Hyundai directly (which were very support by the way), the GM (Bill E.) did finally call us and they wrote a check for the amount that was tacked onto the contract. All in all, they did resolve the problem which is the ONLY reason why I give them 2 stars. Bill did also admit when asked if they always try to charge $650 for the optional etching fee, to which he replied No. They knew they tried to screw us and they knew that we were the kind of people who wouldn't just sit there and take it, so they reluctantly decided to fix it.My advise would be to know everything there is know about financing and to take an expert with you if you have that option. You may not be aware but there are about 3 dozen different numbers on the purchase agreement which make it really easy to show you that you got the price you agreed to on the car, but then all kinds of extras that are actually option listed as required, and so on. After this experience, I start the conversation with the finance guys the same every time (have purchased a truck and boat since). I start out by sternly saying "If I find one cent that doesn't belong here, I will walk on the spot...no discussion". Then, if they still try it I know what kind of business I am dealing with and no matter what I will walk away.I think as long as you know how to protect yourself then you can survive this dealership. Just don't count on the whole "No Bull" slogan holding up.On another note, there has been a recall on the vehicle so we took it back to the dealer. The were not easy to get an appointment with and when we finally did, they said to schedule another appointment when the parts came in....as if unless they told us we would know when the parts showed up. We waited 2 months before finally going to another Hyundai dealer. There, we found out that the parts they ordered weren't even the right ones anyway. The other dealership got it all taken care of with one simply overnight visit. When the lease expires, we will definitely NOT go back to this particular dealer.
5	They were very friendly and helpful. I was pleased with my experience.
1	I called this dealership repeatedly , 3 times and have never gotten anyone from the service department on the phone to pickup. I even called back once and connected to the sales department (they picked up, surprise) and spoke with someone, I  expressed my frustration in trying to get through to the service department and no call back. Her response was that they are probably driving someone back and if I leave a message someone will get back to you. Ok i left a VM, Well 2 days later and no response. Do yourself a favor and call Chapman Hyundai, always get a live body and yes! they call you back. How these places stay in business is beyond me...
5	= = = = =  SERVICE DEPARTMENT EXPERIENCE  = = = = =When I bought my new Hyundai here last November I raved up my buying experience (original Review below), but this whole business runs like a Swiss watch so it's time to make some noise for their Service Department!  Here's how it was for me today, for example:*  I called my very friendly Service Manager Mike Southern & explained that I didn't have an appointment but that early this afternoon would be a convenient time to bring my car in.  He said to come on in then & they'd get right on it!  (When's the last time you heard THAT anyplace else?)*  So I drove over for a great lunch down the street at Indian Paradise & then on in for my service.  They went to work on my car right away while in the waiting area I relaxed in a big leather chair with a cup of delicious coffee & an awesome Chocolate Chip Cookie.  Also available was their great theatre-style popcorn, other cookies, donuts & more...  all free.  Yum!     :-)*  In not much more time than it took to eat my snack, my car was ready, & WASHED!On top of everything else their service prices here are reasonable, especially for a new car dealership, with coupons they email their customers at the right time.5 STAR SERVICE, JUST LIKE THEIR SALES!     :-))
5	I came here over the weekend (Labor Day weekend) to help a friend check out a car she has been eyeing for a while. Let me first preface this by saying, I personally dislike going to a car dealership. I think most people can agree, that you tend to feel like you have to constantly bat away persistent car salesmen, and you leave feeling frustrated. Enter: John Lloyd, the Internet Manager. My friend had been in contact with John over the phone to inquire about a specific car so we asked for him by name. He immediately came out with a smile and offered us water. Without hesitation he immediately took us to the car (having remembered the exact car she wanted) and we took the test drive. I think the best thing about John is that you immediately feel at ease around him. He was super conversational and took a legitimate interest in both of our lives, and more specifically the needs of my friend. After the test drive, comes the numbers. Typically, the most stressful of entire process but, John was able to walk us through everything, work with her budget and in the end came out with a solution that  worked. My friend even had some pretty tricky obstacles to overcome, and John went over and above to find solutions to every single one. I can't leave out Ian, the Finance guy. What a character! He made us laugh the entire way. He took the time to walk us through everything in a way that we both walked out of there feeling good about the deal. On the other side of the process, I can truly say that it was as enjoyable as a car buying experience could be. I can't speak for my friend but, I felt like the team did an amazing job treating us both with respect, and giving my friend a fair deal. John also gave me a few tips on handling a situation with my own car - and even gave me the contact information of someone that specialized in my vehicle. Skip the other dealerships - come here first.
5	Today we picked up a car which we'd arranged to buy on Monday but which they had to get from another dealership.  This purchase had been the nicest experience we have ever had when purchasing a car.  We'd been to several other dealerships Monday morning and were headed to Costo for a hot dog lunch when we found we were passing the Hyundai dealership and decided to kick their tires!  It was probably about 12:30pm. A guy in a lavender shirt was standing outside and greeted us as we approached the door.He smiled and asked what we were looking for and we said we didn't know anything about Hyundais and were looking for a small, has efficient car.  He walked us through a couple and then suggested that we drive one.  He was friendly, fun, and truly knowledgable.  Julian Foldes, by name, became our new best friend.  My husband gave him a REALLY tough time on the price and by the time we decided that this was the car we wanted it was about 2:30 and Julian had a couple guys go to Costco and pick up hot dogs for us!!!  Can you imagine?  And today when we picked up the car, he went through all the bells and whistles so that we know how to operate the vehicle!  HE's THEMAN you want to deal with.  Kudos too Julian and thanks as well.
5	I just leased a 2013 Sonata Hybrid Limited from this dealership yesterday, and received wonderful service!  I went in last week to take a look at my options since my current lease was coming to an end. At first I didn't even consider the hybrid and was instead interested in the SE model.  I met with James who was very knowledgeable and not pushy at all.  I told him I of course had to talk with my husband and bring him back and that was that.  They wrote down some numbers for me, and that was when I thought maybe I could afford the hybrid...after the best price offer in the valley, we went back to test drive again and get the deal done.  Michael worked with us since James was not available, and everything went smoothly.  The manager, Bob and also the finance guy were a pleasure to work with as well; very kind and down to earth kind of people.  They encouraged me to return for a visit in a week or so to ask questions once I had some time to play with my new car and test out all of the features.  I love my new car and would encourage anyone to visit this dealer!  Anyone looking for a little higher end option should also drop in and check out the genesis; we test drove one and it was amazing :)
5	Can't say enough great things about the sales department here. I worked with Mark who was a relatively new salesman and Art who is the sales manager. They offered me the absolute best price on the market for a Hyundai Sonota. Buying a car usually feels like a game of tug of war but working with this company gave me a clear view of what creating a win/win situation looks like.  If you decide to buy a car here please work with Mark and Art. You will be glad you did!
5	= = = =  ONGOING SERVICE RELATIONSHIP  = = = =My 15,000 mile service came due and I had such an excellent experience with these guys last time (& every time I've been here) I didn't hesitate to make an appointment and bring my car in this morning to their gorgeous new facility here on Frank Lloyd Wright, not far from where they were before, on Hayden.I THOUGHT I was going to go to nearby Indian Paradise for my customary killer good Indian Buffet afterward, but there was so much great (free) food to enjoy here I was all set!  Yes, while my car was being serviced I enjoyed a Continental Breakfast (Buffet, sort of!) of various fresh fruit, a fresh Poppy Seed Bagel with Honey-Walnut Cream Cheese, my choice of FOUR kinds of Starbuck's Coffee, and there were other goodies available too.  Yum!Before long my car was all checked out, washed (!), oil and filter changed, tires rotated and I was out the door for only $45 total.  Not only that, my Service Advisor David Mach & everyone else I have ever dealt with here, starting with Sales Rep Sean Piper, money guy Ian & Parts Manager Doug back when I bought in 2012 have been just great...  "and that's No Bull!"     :-))
1	An awful dealer. If you want a hyundai look around, compare them to other dealers and you will see a big difference. Keep away as though it is radioactive! They know all the hidden tricks and employ nefarious tactics. Some day if one comes over - it will probably be locked with yellow tape around it and people in pink handcuffs. Don't worry, to them it will be an all expenses paid vacation in tent city. I will be the first one to send them "rubber soap".
2	We went in to purchase two new Elantras in February. While we eventually got decent pricing on our trade-in and the vehicles overall, it was only after about 4 hours of hardball negotiating. After saying they would not, under any circumstances, be able to give us more than $750 on our trade-in, they eventually gave us $3,500. This is not the dealership for those consumers who prefer a direct dealership approach. While upon first impression they seem different, at it's core Earnhardt Hyundai is a wheeling and dealing car dealership like all the rest. Upon purchasing two new vehicles, we were immediately bombarded with 5-10 weekly promotional and marketing emails. Their opt-out system does not work, and personal emails to our salesperson and finance guy were unsuccessful. Finally they sent me a letter explaining that it was their legal right to use my personal email for any promotional and marketing content, but their unwillingness to work with me to get off of their persistent email chain turned me off from ever purchasing from them again. Be aware that purchasing a vehicle from this dealership signs you up for constant emails. We have also received numerous promotional phone calls at both home and at work. Rest assured that after buying two new cars in February, we are not looking to buy again in July. With regard to their service department, the short version is that they are stingy with their warranty repairs and their basic service takes over 1.5 hours, even with an appointment. As a woman, I was talked to with a disgusting patronizing tone. The long version of our service experience: perhaps most disappointingly, was our first service. We have noticed that the rear-view mirror on one of our Elantras was very slightly loose, to the point of sliding down so that it points toward the back seat every 3-5 days. While not a significant danger, this issue should be covered under warranty as the part is loose enough to require adjustments by us consistently, which is an irritation at best, a safety hazard at worst. This problem had been going on since we first purchased the car, and we decided to have them handled it at our first service appointment. A few days prior to going in, we hung a lightweight gym locker from the mirror to have easy access to it. It did not make the problem any worse, as it wasn't hung from the part of the mirror that shifted down. When I brought the car to it's first service, I explained that the lock was a very recent addition and the problem had nothing to do with it. Perhaps I should have removed it, but I truly believed they would be able to look past it and fix my issue. I waited over 1.5 hours for a simple oil change and they said they had used their hand to feel the mirror and couldn't tell that it was loose, and their diagnosis was that the lock might be causing the problem. They also recommended that I adjust the mirror back to where we wanted it if it starts to fall again (obviously that is what we had been doing since the beginning). They refused to replace the mirror since they couldn't feel the problem with their hand, even though we explained that the looseness was minor and happened over several days. I asked my service rep if he could treat the problem as though the lock wasn't there, but he said, "I can't pretend it's not, because it is." Finally, my service rep told me that they would have believed me had the lock not been hanging there and when I asked if I brought it in on Monday with no lock, would they replace the mirror, he said, "Probably, yeah." I should have just driven out, taken the lock off, and driven right back into the service bay. All in all, this has been a dealership that is exceedingly friendly until they have your credit card. I am disappointed beyond words in their unwillingness to remove me from their email lists and their frustrating service department. While we have been pleased with our vehicles, they were in no way worth the hours we have spend begging them to stop calling and emailing us with promotional offers.
1	Will only talk to you if you are a sale. I called in and did an online application on Friday 7/11/13. I worked with Tristan Crook who seemed very willing to assist me and was emailing me, texting me and calling me to tell me he was working on my application. I received a call from someone else on Saturday around noon and gave him the information he was looking for. I was told "we will contact you back in a few minutes". I did not hear back and called Tristan at 3:30 on Saturday and was told he was with a customer (completely understandable) and he'd look into the status and call me back shortly. It is now Tuesday, over 72 hours later, and I have received no response. I guess by not responding to me I can assume I was declined. I sent an email to Tristan regarding my disappointment in not being contacted and this was not responded to. I find it very rude and disrespectful that just because I wasn't going to be an immediate sale all communication immediately ceased. Not only am I soured on this dealership I am now soured on getting a Hyundai and will be looking for a different vehicle altogether.
5	Unbelievably well run shop. They take SUCH great care of their customers. They get me in quickly, and out quickly and always leave me with excellent work and a CLEAN car when I drive out. I never stick around while they are servicing my car because I need to get back to work; but they make it hard to leave. There is abundant GOOD food, coffee, beverages, comfortable seating, televisions, an enclosed play area for children with great games and movies.Who wants to waste time getting their car repaired? pretty much no one, but Earnhardt takes the sting out of the time investment with the great atmosphere and top notch customer service.Thanks, Norm!!! You did it again!
5	Friendly and relaxed, but very professional environment. Sales staff attentive to questions asked. Did not feel the " If we give you this price, will you buy the car today" attitude.
1	False Advertising: They are advertising 110% of Kelly Blue Book for a used car trade in, I have a 2014 Buick Lacrosse that is in excellent condition with only 7,500 miles and the best rating they will use is good condition. This is how they rate a car that is 7 months old.Good - 54% of all cars we valueHas some repairable cosmetic defects and is free of majormechanical problemsMay need some servicingThe paint and bodywork may require minor touch-upsThe engine compartment may have minor leaksHas only minor rust, if anyThe body may have minor scratches or dingsThe interior has minor blemishes characteristic of normal wearWheels may have minor repairable scratches or scrapesAll tires match and have at least 50% of tread remainingThough it may need some reconditioning, it has a clean title history and will pass a safety and smog inspectionSome service records are availableThe car is in perfect condition without any mars.
5	I was not happy months ago with the sales side. But I did take my car in to check something out. Norm Rosen in service was very helpful and had me out within 10 min. All done. Because of this service, I give them 5 starts and I'm sold on the dealership. Good job Earnhardt Hyundai!!
5	I enjoyed the entire experience. I felt that my concerns were listened to and addressed. I also really appreciated that I was updated throughout the process and consulted about which repairs I would like to go forward with as well as their cost. This has not always been the case in other places I have been, but again, this was extremely appreciated. Additionally, there was a nice and very comfortable lounge area to wait in, coffee and tea to enjoy, great music playing, and everyone was very friendly. I will definitely continue to come back for my car service needs.
5	This service department is out on it's own---from the service consultant David to the techs who work on my car---I couldn't ask for better.I feel special every time I go there. Their vehicles are amazing and just perform so well.Happy I own one.
2	I am only giving them 2 stars because of  they called me later and tried to repair what they did. We went in to work with John Cowan, he lied straight from the start and then 2 hours later we got a better deal on which we were trying to get done. My wife felt uncomfortable and told him so and he got mad at her and began to yell at her very loud in fact. I would say do not work with him he was rude and treated us like we stupid and insisted on telling us how much sales experience he had every 5 minutes. We don't care. Anyways the manger called us later and gave us an even better deal free oil changes for the lease period which was nice, that's why I gave 3 stars instead of one. We are also first time buyers so the maybe that's why he tried to rip us off.
1	VERY disappointing experience with sales.  Despite what they say, they're more concerned with the sale than the customer.  Regret buying the Santa Fe.  Felt they omitted crucial info about the warranty until last minute when we were signing docs.  Very unprofressional and slick.  Warranty was one of the reasons I was swayed to buy with Hyundai over Toyota but sorry to say - WISH I HAD BOUGHT THE TOYOTA!  Despite  painfully long wait to process paperwork (3 hours), we have to go back for additional paperwork not done correctly.
3	This is an update review written by Jason B. and is a review of the second service:I dealt with the service department this time about the loose mirror.  I explained what was going on by saying that we had brought in the car before, that we were originally told the mirror was fine, that the same problem kept occurring, and that I wanted to try to get it fixed again.  The rep helping me listened intently and kindly offered up a solution.  Sadly, the rep next to him overheard our conversation and brought up the first time that Jessica had brought the car in by saying that there was a really nasty Yelp review online.Thinking that I would clear up the misunderstanding, I responded by explaining that Jessica had been treated very poorly, irrationally chided for the lock put on after the problem was discovered, and then told to go on her way.  That unfortunately, this is the kind of treatment that results in bad online reviews.  I expected an apology, followed by the continuation of the nice service that I was getting which would make the situation right.  Instead, this rep made as many awkward faces that he muster up and did a lot of breathing and sighing to signal how much he disapproved.  I continued to explain thinking that surely you could not disapprove of honest feelings about a previous situation.Apparently you can.  All this rep would do was make faces, sigh, and then say how bad the review was.  He couldn't come up with a SINGLE ACTUAL REASON why it SHOULDN'T have gone down the way that it did.  And to be clear, he is the ONLY REASON this review is STILL mediocre.The other rep ultimately switched out the mirror.  He nicely explained to me that the mirrors do naturally adjust over time, but that what I was experiencing did sound like it was quite a bit faster than what he'd heard of or experienced himself.  This is all that was desired from the beginning.  Not even the replacing it, just an explanation that didn't involve an unrelated lock would have been fine.Had I not encountered the second rep, I would have walked away happy enough to call the first time of fluke.  To me, car dealerships are not the best customer service oriented businesses and this one isn't the worst.  However, as outlined in both posts above, it seems like they're trying awfully hard to be.
1	Whatever you do, do not come here. Earnhardt Hyundai promotes bullying their potential customers to the point of doubting and devaluing themselves and whatever trade in they have to offer. I would like to hilight their internet sales manager, John Cowan to be hands down the most arrogant and rude "salesman" ever. After test driving their ridiculously over priced Sonata, he has the audacity to verbally bully me (a 29 year old female) and make me feel like crap about my current car. While telling this man that it was not my intention to argue, he continued to insult me and raised his voice. I eventually stormed out and he exhibited his anger physically by crumbling up a paper with my personal information on it and throwing it in a wastebasket. If you have an ounce of self respect you will not buy from these scumbags.
5	I having been working with the guys in the Service dept since I bought my Hyundai Elantra - and I didn't even buy my car from them originally. The reason why, I trust the service reps and management to take care of me and treat me with respect and leave you with a feeling of trust and confidence. Mike Southern is very professional and courteous and handles situations with his service reps with utmost respect to the customer. I work with David Mach and Norm too and they all treat you like family. I know when I go to the dealership for service, they will do the right thing for me. Clean shop and they keep you informed as the work is getting done. Keep up the great work.
1	If you are female I would not recommend this place!  Stay away service contracts etc added in after being shuffled through 5 salesmen!  Really it is the epitome of the "old car" sales place!  If you like that sort of thing this is your place if not there are so many other places to give your money!
2	I'm giving this dealership two stars because the salesman was a very nice, helpful, young man (I don't remember his name). I was in the market for an inexpensive vehicle that got better than average gas mileage. He was showing me the Sonata and the Veloster. I found a turbo Veloster that I liked, but, when we test drove it, it contained such little gas the "turbo" part wouldn't work. The salesman grabbed another one to test drive and same thing. Start the downhill, one star part of the review:  the salesman asked to put gas in the car and was denied. Regardless, I was still interested in the car. Unfortunately, I was introduced to up to three additional people trying to make the sale. One of them, a finance person (don't remember his name either) approached me and offered $10,000 less for my trade than the previous four dealerships I had visited. I told him that was ridiculous and that I was leaving. He continued to argue with me and unsuccessfully attempt to talk me into a deal.  Needless to say, I ended up with a different vehicle from a more honest and straight-forward (no games) dealership.
5	I was afraid that the dealership would be 'hard sell' but it was not, my experience could not have been better.  They take good care of you while you are there, the dealership is beautiful and your wait time is pleasant due to the amenities they have available. Great place to buy or lease a car!
5	I went to Larry H. Miller Hyundai all the way from Gilbert to look at a Veloster. When I got there they had already sold it and then tried to sell me a new upmarked one stating they would give me a good deal - which 7k over my original budget is not a good deal. After leaving that horrible dealership I went to Earnhardt Hyundai of north Scottsdale which was a pleasant experience. Not only was I lucky enough to find a Veloster for the same price as the one at LHM, I also found one with everything I wanted and the color I liked (if you live in Arizona you know how hard it is to find a white car with everything you want). In about 2.5 hours I was out of there with a brand new car and minimum issues, and even more surprising enough is they got me a lower interest rate and payment than I thought I would get. I have to say I was very satisfied with my experience and love my new car.
5	Great crew at this store.  Just bought a 2015 Santa Fe Sport LTD.Worked with Tony, Jim, James & Adam.  I highly recommend going here if you're looking for a new Hyundai or pre-owned vehicle.
