5	We enjoyed a great night at Crave! They had a pre-opening night, as their official opening is tonight. The place is very pretty with a clean, well designed, modern feel.  Nice little outside seating area overlooking the beautiful downtown Sunmerlin mall landscape. Our bartender Chris was outstanding!  His Cosmos are made just right with a hint of a blush, not too much. We decided to call them Christini's as they are done so perfectly, grouping them in with run of the mill Cosmos seems wrong. Lol. We requested our favorite Alien Tequila, & hopefully they will have it very soon. The staff and servers were very nice & doing their best to give 5 star service.... getting everything out on time.   The food all tasted great... Medium rare came out perfectly for both the burger and the steak. The chicken was moist and tasty. The pork tenderloin  was very nice and Sea Bass was excellent.  Asian noodles were Flavorful & not too hot.  The Geisha-boat is a large Sushi boat and is stunning & the portion is very generous.  The sushi is a little spicy, but in a good way.  Deserts were Amazing!  The chocolate cake is not a sweet milk chocolate... It is a dark chocolate lovers desert.  Tiramisu is Fabulous!! Those two deserts were the highlights with our group. The General Manager, Ryun Chastain was very nice... He has an impressive resume, including s long stint at Wolfgang Puck & he is very observant & service oriented. He came over to chat & check on everything. Great New Reataurant with an upbeat vibe & really nice quality food.
5	Absolutely Fantastic!! Everything was amazing! Best calamari I have ever had. The steak was cooked to perfection. Crave is beautifully decorated and has an adorable little patio area. I recommend Tori as a server, she is super sweet and cute as can be. The manager stopped by our table and was also incredibly nice. I wish I could give Crave more stars!
5	The atmosphere vibe and service are amazing.The bread basket is very tasty.I orders the BLT....really very good.I love the place and will definitely be back.
2	30 minutes to get drinks, (beer for me, and lemonade for kids).  This was very disorganized situation understandably being the opening day of downtown summerlin.  The food was above average actually so they get 2 stars when you factor in 30 minutes to get the first drinks, and almost 1.5 hours for food to arrive.  The complete disorganized situation negates the desire to return here.
2	Crave! Such. A beautiful restaurant indeed. The service was fantastic except for the rude hostess. The food was incredible, I had a margherita flatbread which was phenomenal and ordered the turkey burger! It was absolutely delicious except for the fact when I picked it up a pool of oil/grease fell all over my hand in large amounts.... I couldn't eat the bun cause there was literally too much compared to the patty, and it was soggy!! but it was amazing! For fries, I recommend the gluten free and not the normal ones... Mine were stale and dry:(
1	We just went to crave for lunch.  We were given a high top, which we asked politely if we could change, to no avail.  We felt like we were annexed to a time out seat!  The hamburger was rare, when I had ordered med well.  My husband ordered a noodle chicken stir fry, which looked and tasted as if it came out of a can!  Inedible!  We won't be back.
1	We wanted to check out the new Downtown Sunmerlin with a very hungry appetite for much-needed food. We were told the wait at Crave was a 25 minute wait for a table. We put our names down. Granted, Crave was the only sit-down food place open. We waited 30 minutes and went back 2x thinking they forgot about us. Now, it was creeping up to an hour. We waited inside next to the over occupied hostess stations. There were a lot of tables open but, clearly not enough wait staff. After we complained again about our wait time, we FINALLY got seated. By now, it was well over the hour mark. Our waiter was prompt but then dropped a BOMB on us by telling us that the kitchen is backed up and that it will take 45 minutes to AN HOUR to get food!!!!!!! 40 minutes for appetizers!!!! We have literally never stormed out of a restaurant! You would think the 5-6 hostesses they had huddled around the one hostess stand would've warned customers about the kitchen wait time on top of making people wait for their tables!!! So, even if you had a reservation, you would've had to have waited a least an hour for your food, and this includes their sushi menu!!!! Unbelievable. Note to this establishment--make sure to either have enough employees to cater to the influx of curious people coming to check out the grand opening or, don't serve people at all, especially if you make them wait from lunch to dinner time! Unfortunately, I didn't get the chance to sample the food so, I can't comment on the menu items.
4	Went for lunch with my girlfriends today...we all thought it was AMAZING!!  From the crab artichoke dip all the way to the end!  Betty took great care of us and suggested the angry dragon for our cocktail.  Talk about hitting the nail on the head!!  It was perfect with our meals.  I had the grilled chicken salad which was presented very well along with everything else we had.  Ended the meal with the individual salty caramel mousse.  YUM!!!  The only thing that made the meal from being perfect is that the website says happy hour is on Saturday from 11 to 5.  We were informed by the hostess that they weren't doing it for opening weekend!!  Bummer!!  We'll still be back!!!  Go quick!!!
4	We stopped in on the opening weekend. It was predictably packed, but we were seated promptly for our reservation. We were incredibly fortunate to have Emily as our server. It was obvious she was very busy, but she never seemed rushed or flustered. She even managed to find the time to chat us up about my iPhone. I ordered a Paloma. Excellent. I had the bison burger which was the best burger that I've had. Ever. The only real drawbacks were the uncomfortable bistro-style stools and that it was ridiculously loud to the point that it was hard to carry a conversation. Other than that, a pretty good experience all the way around.
2	Overall experience was not memorable. Took over an hour to get seated. After being seated took about 25 minutes to get my drink. Ordered Sweet Peach Ice Tea. Waiter kept coming back to table saying the bar was making it. About 4 trips. Finally after another 16 mins she said that they ran out. This place sells sushi but not that great. Food wait times are horrible. While I must say that the place looks fabulous and upscale, the presentation of food is below par. Sushi wait times are bad for a place that claims that has a sushi bar. The only thing I liked was that it was family friendly.
1	Just left Crave right now in huge disappointment. . Chicken was super dry. Wait time was long but of course It is their 2nd day opening totally understanding. . To MANAGEMENT: Please teach your staff to be more professional. I was eating at the end of the bar. My wife ordered a roasted chicken and I ordered a sushi boat while I was eating by your well station you have servers and bartenders giving guest checks right next to my plate invading my personal place and i just couldn't enjoy my food. We have your long black hair bartenders giving out free drinks to these two guys. Gosh, mind as well give me some free drinks too while she and her friends talk over my shoulder! Advice to everyone: please give this restaurant some time to improve trust me. The food quality and service is not worth the price yet.. But we shall wait n see..
1	Made a 4pm reservation for the three of us including my 6 year old son. Still waited 20 minutes to be seated. Ordered an appetizer and they forgot to bring it out. Food was mediocre at best. Spent 90$ for what! I would never return to this place again. Don't know what all the rave was about Crave.
2	Went for the grand opening weekend and decided to give this place a try. Was told 30-45 min wait but actually ended up being 1.5 hours. (Party of 2) There was empty tables every where and a ton of staff but they weren't seating all the tables? I was surprised how unorganized the front seemed there was like 5 hostesses and guest waiting everywhere even blocking the entrance and exit and the staff running around like chickens w/ their heads cut off. (Get it together, you should know it was going to be slammed)  A positive was that they have a text feature so you can go shop and walk around and they'll send you a text when your table is ready. The calamari was delicious , the Lobster pasta was really good and the 100% grass feed burger was ok. I waited about 20 mins for my Appetizer, I ordered bread and it didn't even come out until my food arrived. Like really? I'm almost positive that the reviews that gave 5 stars for the opening weekend are either workers and/or family of workers because that place was chaos and definitely NOT 5 star material. Some of the reviews even sounded scripted. It does have good potential though. Management: Even when stressed your staff needs to smile. The front needs to be more controlled it was a mess and the hostesses looked annoyed when asking how much longer. Service was slow. Super busy weekend should have been expected and planned for.
3	Smarter than your average Bear. Made reservations so we didn't have to wait and hour and a half for a table.  Our server Dion was great.  Very attentive and professional.The tables around us waited over an hour for their food.  Up to 10 servers waiting at the POS station to place orders with only 2 terminals there was quite a backup.  My only complaint and its definitely a valid one. My flatbread was cold cold. With any new place there's always a break in period but management is to blame for being unorganized. Also management should be going around to the customers greeting them and apologizing for the extreme delays. Neither was done for our visit.  Thanks Dion for making our experience pleasant
1	For being open less than a week, this restaurant is horrible. 6 hostesses at the front telling us it is a 45min wait only to be seated in a restaurant that is only 1/3 full. The meal took an insane amount of time to be brought to us only to have soggy luke warm fries. Sushi was average but not memorable. Dessert (a small mousse cup) took nearly 15 min to be served and STILL had a shortbread cookie in it in spite of us being told it was the only gluten free dessert and us making it clear we needed it without the cookie. Since we had to leave (since the whole meal took twice as long as necessary) The waitress merely suggested it be removed from the bill since it could take another 20 minutes to put mousse in a 2in cup. Absolutely absurd. Looking around the restaurant at any time one saw waiters just loitering around....so they are clearly not under staffed on the floor , maybe the issues stem from the kitchen that isn't even prepared to serve to a restaurant less than half full. I won't bother returning.
1	My party of 4 was told there would be a 30 minute wait for a table. Since it was opening weekend that didn't seem so bad. The whole front desk situation was pretty disorganized and chaotic.While waiting, I asked to use the restroom and walked through a half empty restaurant which we were told was due to a "shift change".We were finally seated right next to the open kitchen and placed our orders. Plates that were out when we first sat down were waiting for a least 30 minutes before they were finally thrown away. In fact, by my estimation, at least (and probably more) than half of the food put out was thrown away because it sat too long. This didn't make much sense because there were tons of wait staff standing around waiting for plates that were never passed to them. I can't speak about the quality of the food because after an hour we never received our food. I had a hard time sitting any longer watching food get thrown away while we waited. Crave is the only restaurant open at Downtown Summerlin which seems like it would put them in a great position. If they don't get their act together then I don't see them still being open in 6 weeks when all the other restaurants open.
5	Fantastic meal was had by all. Jacob was a wonderful server. Extremely attentive given how insanely busy this new restaurant is. It was difficult to b pick just a few dishes. Everything on the menu looked great. The Chicken Sausage flatbread is not to be missed. The Sliders, both pork belly and sirloin, were great. The sushi was good, but order early as there was a considerable wait from the sushi counter. The kids devoured the chicken fingers, mac n cheese, and s'more brownie. It's a new restaurant, folks, wait a couple months before posting your negativity.
2	I went to Crave yesterday, 10.13.2014 around 2 p.m.  I was told a 45 minute wait when there were empty tables all over the place.  We ended up sitting in the bar.  The service was awful.  When the server Julie  did come over she was writing everything down on an OUTBACK notepad and when I asked if the restaurant was part of outback she said the restaurant was too cheap to supply paper for them to write their orders on so she was using the outback notepads.  Her attitude was less than professional at the start. I ordered the sandwich with chicken, apple and brie and when it arrived after about a 35 minute wait the fries were cold and chicken cold.  I asked the person who brought me the sandwich if it was suppose to be a cold sandwich.  He said Yes.  When the server came over I asked her and she said no and took the sandwich back.  20 minutes later when everyone else had eaten the sandwich came so I ended up taking it to go.  The manager came over and apologized and said he would be back in a "few"  never did see him again.  The bill came; it was wrong and when I mentioned it to the server instead of wanting to correct it she wanted to give me the cash in lieu of fixing the bill so I would pay the bigger amount on my credit card.  When I asked her to fix the bill she slammed it on the table and said it would take a while to fix it.  Let's just say that this experience was not good and it will be a LONG time before I would try this restaurant again.  Too bad because it has a nice ambiance but the service and food has to improve.
2	Atmosphere: What a benefit to Crave that they are one of the only restaurants open during the opening of DTS. Crave feels like it's menu of Sushi/Burgers... Identity confused. The sushi smell will likely knock you over when you walk in the door.The hostess could use some classes on cordiality, and possibly look at you when speaking, let alone a smile. My family and I waited for 30min, to be set at the bar when there were open booths available, not the most comfortable. The hiring manager likes blondes with tattoos, that's clearly evident by the very attractive tattooed waitresses.Food: I was surprised that I had to pay for the bread basket (usually complimentary), but ok. The burger, well it had a patty. Now the flatbread apple sausage was totally worth all the BS that I had to deal with. Also, the crab cake (with salad) was pretty darn good. For desert, the smores brownie... Or the snores browie... Not really for the fam, Ironic since Summerlin (the target demo) is mostly families. I hope this place gets it together before any competition opens up.
5	So we tried out Crave last night, and since it's new, we weren't expecting perfection. We made a reservation, so we didn't have to wait. We were seated and  promptly greeted and our drink order was taken. When we did order, our waiter (Michael B, who was great) did let us know the kitchen was running slow, and yes we did wait about a half hour for our food....but the food was amazing! I got the mac and cheese with chicken apple sausage, that was soooo yummy! My friend got the scallops which he said was great ( I'm not a seafood fan). The best part was dessert. We got the coconut cake and the walnut praline cheesecake. OMG the coconut cake was the best I ever tasted! I'm still craving it lol! So please don't be put off by the bad reviews and the long waits. This place is a winner and a welcomed addition to Summerlin.
4	Great food, the Lamb Meatballs were fantastic with a North African flavor profile. The service was excellent, our server Cassie was top notch. I had two minor issues. First, when there is a fifteen to twenty minute wait, it doesn't help that I can see from the lobby, enough clean tables to seat everyone waiting with a few tables left over. Second, they really cheaped out on the tables and chairs. They remind me of something you would find in a cafeteria.
1	Don't go hungry. This place is slowwwwwwwww. Party of 5 last night. Watched my daughters COLD sushi sit near a heat lamp for 37 minutes before attempting to be served. Then when they did we refused it. Brought us another. Manager came over. Lady and I don't think she was a manager and just apologized. I felt very sorry for our server. She was working hard but the kitchen staff needs work yet. They opened way too soon. Won't try again until next year!! Save your $$$ on this place until they work the kinks out!
2	Decided to give this new restaurant a try since this was just a few of the restaurants that were actually open for the grand openining of Downtown Summerlin. Sorry to say that my boyfriend and I were not impressed. The quality of food was something I would expect from Applebee's but with a 75% mark up in their prices. We started off with the Aloha roll and the Pork Belly Sliders. The roll it wasn't anything special but for $15 I was expecting more and the sliders came on some hawaiian roll bread, it was just ok. My boyfriend ordered a their signature Crave burger, the meat patty was a bit dry and the fries were soggy. I ordered turkey BLT and I got somewhat of a flat bread sandwich, kind of threw me off. The smell of the bread was too dough-y, wasn't very pleasant.In conclusion, we left dissapointed and unsatisfied. Probably won't be coming back.
1	Front desk seemed a little confused and unorganized. We walked in at lunch time and left my name and number and was told that the table should be ready in about 20 minutes and that I will be receiving a text from them. We took a stroll around the area and went into a couple of the stores nearby to kill some time. 50 minutes had passed by and still no text. My boyfriend and I remembered that there was a BJ's across the street. We went there instead. No regrets (:I know that this place had just opened up. So hopefully they get it together.
1	We sat at the bar and were given menus. Then we were subsequently ignored for 15 minutes after putting the menus aside. Customers around us were served multiple times but we were not addressed at all. They were busy, but there were 7 bartenders for 12-15 customers at the bar. There's really no excuse for the bad service. After futilely waiting for a few more minutes, just sitting and waiting, we left. I will not be returning here anytime soon.
2	The family and I decided to check out this new restaurant because there seemed to be a lot of buzz around it. We stopped by for a late afternoon bite and walked into a crowded entry. The place just opened, why wouldn't it be packed in here! However, that was not the case, there were 4 tables and 2 couch areas opened on the outside patio and the bar area had only a handful of patrons. There were 3 women at the hostess podium who were engaged in their own conversation. It looked like they were trying to figure what they were going to do. There was no friendly greeting nor did they even acknowledge our existence. One walked away, another when to seat the group in front of us, the blonde in the white shirt (I'm assuming she was management since everyone else was in all black) continued to ignore us and stare at her laptop even as I walked up to her. Another girl came by and greeted us, I asked if we could be seated outside. She commented that we can but she's not sure if there were any open tables as she hesitantly went to go check. My Husband commented that there were open tables, she returned a minute later and directed us to the patio. Our server was friendly, however service was bad. It took a while for him to greet us, take our drink order, take our food order, and our food took 40 mins. If the food was good, the wait time could easily be overlooked. The food is MEDIOCRE AT BEST! Seriously, we travel a lot, we eat out a lot and we love trying new places, nor are we snooty food critics. We simply enjoy dining out and appreciate getting what we pay for.The menu is all over the place so I had a hard time deciding on what I wanted. There's sushi, burgers, pasta, salads, etc. There's no rhyme or reason for the menu. I ordered a salad and added a grilled chicken breast, my husband got the crave burger and our daughter got the baked mac n cheese. Yeah, we settled for this because nothing else seemed appetizing and as much as we love sushi I'm glad we didn't order from here. Again, the food was mediocre at best you can go elsewhere to get better food. The icing on the cake however was that THEY RAN OUT OF BEER! The server was kind enough to tell my husband that there was a possibility that they were out of Stella and make a 2nd choice just in case. The server ended up coming back because they were also out of his 2nd choice which was Miller Lite. Are you kidding me?? OH and did I mention, I also ordered a cocktail, some dragon drink. I don't remember the name of it nor can I comment on it because I NEVER GOT MY DRINK! I get it they just opened up, but you ran out of at least 2 types of beer at 4pm?There's not too many restaurants open at Downtown Summerlin yet, until then go to the Red Rock Casino and enjoy better food and over 150 beers on tap at the Yard House!
5	Lunched here on a Thursday. Quite busy, but seating was very efficient and took less time than estimated (about 10 minutes). Service was superior (Craig rocks!), and food was very tasty. I had the premium bento box with dynamite roll while the wife had the Chicken Apple Brie sandwich. They even brought a complimentary cup of fresh fruit for our daughter!  Can't wait to try this place for grownup night out with drinks as the bar and wine selection looked quite impressive.  The manager made his rounds while we ate which is somewhat rare nowadays. Will definitely come back!
1	These guys are lost.  Whoever trained this staff needs to be trained themselves.   We stood out front of hostess desk and told three people our name and reservation time.  3 different times they asked who we were.   At 715, 20 minutes later the ask a 4th time and say "ohh we have been waiting on you". I said we have been standing here for 25 minutes.   She replies. "Did u get lost, the place is hard to find".  I looked at her and said her and said ...I just told you we have been here 25  minutes.    OMG.   Ok now at dinner.   Ran out of kids cups crayons.    40 minutes now no salad.    Salads now have come but mine is missing.  I'm not going to say anything cause I want the torture to end    I should also state.   They are not even busy.       It's a thur night   Here is the deal.  I lived here for 20Years.  If this place near strip it may survive. But up in Summerlin. I give it 18 months and their gone.      Food was average
5	Visited for lunch two days ago. There were four of us in our party. I had read all the yelp reviews, which were not stellar, so my expectations were not over-the-top! I was totally impressed with the staff. I think most of these bad reviews happened the first week of their grand opening. IMHO they definitely got their act together. The hostess was gracious and welcoming. Our server was very experienced patient and very well-informed about the restaurant's offerings. We sat very near the sushi bar. I am not a sushi fan. I had read some of the reviews that said that the restaurant smelled like sushi. I have a very sensitive nose and could smell nothing adverse. I had my first bison burger; it was moist , had an appealing sauce and the taste was wonderful! Another person had the chopped salad and said that she would have it again (It looked excellent. Another person had their normal burger and she loved it! The fourth person had some sort of chicken pita wrap. I am sorry that I can't remember what was in it, but she loved it. The pita bread basket is to die for! They serve it with oil infused with oregano and other spices. I could not stop eating it!we also had the tomato basil soup. Three out of four of us loved it. The fourth person thought that it had a bit too much lemon in it. I thought that the prices were extremely reasonable. I will be back. We were seated immediately and he had a thoroughly enjoyable time there. I almost forgot: the french fries that come with the burgers are addictive! Fries came with my bison burger, but the server suggested ordering a large order of fries for the table. All four of us love the fries! They were obviously deep fried in very good oil! We were too full for dessert! One thing that impressed me, is that they have gluten-free options on their menu. I will be coming back with my cousin who has gluten issues. I gave the review 4-stars and am thinking of changing it to 5- stars. Again, kudos to the ENTIRE staff. VERY impressed!
2	Our food took so long to come out. On top of that, it comes out and the order was wrong but I was too hungry and exhausted to complain. We paid $15 a plate. The service was very slow even though there weren't very many people in there. Definitely not worth it.
3	Two weeks in & the place is still struggling with being new. Still not enough wait staff to support the place, as many tables were still empty on Friday night. The wait is still ridiculous (45 min for 2 people & we got there at 5:15). But it's still the only fancy-ish restaurant open yet. And the place is LOUD, like Red Robin loud. And no toilet seat covers...? What is this Europe? But the service was great, the rib eye was delicious, the potatoes were bland & the brussel sprouts were OK (they could use some bacon). The mini desserts were the best part. I'd go back, maybe months from now when they get their act together. PS. Watch your children people, those cactus out front are real!
2	Wait staff was really nice, but the whole place was really disorganized. We were brought to our table which already had people seated at it, then, it was right by the kitchen which was very crowded and the wait staff was clearly didn't know the layout of the restaurant yet. The beer they brought me was warm from the tap and the food I ordered was way too spicy and the lamb meatballs were overly dry. It will be a long time before I go back.
2	This place is another sad case of a confused restaurant who, in trying too hard to be innovative and sexy with flavor pairings, and trying to catch all the food trends, has achieved nothing but mediocrity. Not to mention that for the same prices I can get the real gourmet version of what they are trying to do at a strip restaurant. My Mahi Mahi was over cooked , and had a bizzare banana and curry sauce. The sushi roll we had was edible...if you are the type that likes American AYCE places. The best thing was the burger, which was ok, but for $17 I expected better grade beef and more interesting bun. The service was good. I liked the waitress but In the end, I don't think I would come back. Too many other better places to spend $100 on dinner for 2.
3	Everything was great! Service, food ... Except for the sushi .... The volcano roll had huge cucumber chunks that made it difficult to eat. After removing the cucumber the roll was okay.
1	Haven't even tried the food or drinks yet but have been sitting in the patio after the host told us we can sit wherever and will be served. 20 minutes later and nobody will acknowledge us. I know the place is new but the service is the worst I've experienced in a very long time. Once more places open in downtown summerlin this will be last on my list.
2	Loud, Service sucked.  Waiter should have paid more attention to our food than trying to play nice guy. I asked for my salad to be served before main course and still have to wait after asking twice.  Of course half way through eating it down comes my dinner.  Let's talk about that. Had the chefs special steak and while it didn't taste bad it's was one step above cold. The Brussels sprouts were cold and hard, mashed potatoes tasted like they came out of a boxNow let's top of the fact the server while I was still eating plops down to the others sitting at the table this "sign up for points card" DUDE IM STILL FREAKING EATING HERE! Next he was plopping down the check.  AGAIN IM STILL EATING MY DINNER WHY THE HELL ARE YOU RUSHING US.  Oh wait, now that you closed out the check did you even offer desert? I so can't wait for the rest of the mall restaurants to open cause business will drop there with service and food served this way
2	I ordered one of the sushi boats, and the sushi tasted like supermarket sushi. The boat itself was $26. They were probably one of the worst tasting sushi I've had in my entire life..... Fish was far from fresh, and the rice was definitely not sushi rice. My boyfriend liked their ribeye steak though so that was fine. Service was great. Just avoid their sushi at all cost....
2	This place needs some serious help. First off the girls at the front were quoting waits despite that tons of tables were open all over the restaurant. They informed us that we could sit at the sushi bar with no wait so we sat immediately. Our server was quick with greeting and very friendly so she was absolutely not the issue with this train wreck. So here it goes first off the wine glasses weren't polished so they had water spots all over, balsamic chicken salad was mediocre and full of leaves with huge hard stems, servers seemed to be standing around hanging out and not one moved aside to give me the right away when I walked through, they had an entire section being used to polish silverware out in the dining room, managers seemed to not care about what was going on, oh and there was no seat covers in the bathroom. So disappointed, I should've just grabbed a pretzel.
4	There are five things that I want to review my opinions upon this restaurant.1. WELCOME- Hostess was very polite, giving us a 30min. Wait time since this is the only sit down restaurant that's open in downtown summerlin mall.2. SETTING- Very nice furniture and lighting is amazing. It feels like walking into an Asian infused American restaurant, maroon and red and gold interior, you can tell by it's design that it's been very well thought through.3. CUSTOMER SERVICE- From the hostess and the waitress, they have been extremely polite, taking our drink orders once we sat and our entree orders as well. Time is a precious matter and no matter how busy they were, they helped us at any chance they get.4. FOOD- I ordered the aloha sushi roll and it was amazing, it had ginger and a sweet teriyaki sauce that meshed well with the raw tuna, my friend had the "crave burger" and it was cooked just right medium rare, and the French fries had a great seasoning not just plain. 5. OVERALL REVIEW- Great setting, customer service and food. Definitely coming back.
1	1) Front desk girls are TERRIBLE! 40 min wait at lunch with tables open. 2) The servers are COMPLETELY CLUELESS! 3) The managers look LOST! 4) The bar is a constant mess and totally unorganized! 5) The food is better at Olive Garden! DONT WASTE YOUR TIME HERE!!! I promise you will regret it!!! They will be out of business by this time next year!LOL....I received a "compliment badge" by someone from CRAVE and they tried to get rude because I left a negative review!!! Lmao!!! How about you educate your staff, instead of arguing with your customers! You asked me if, "I knew how to run a restaurant" in your rant....I'm a JWU graduate...and I clearly know more than you! I had one of the worst dining experience in your establishment! You can look at my record here on YELP...I rarely complain! So please stop harassing customers Shawn and focus your time on improving your Yelp rating! Thanks  lol
1	I didn't like this place at all!!!! Service is awful!!!! Went here today sit at the bar... I was starving and ordered right away, menu was just handed to me and have no idea how the portions  are, the salmon salad was decent and I had some crab cakes for appetizer which came out together with my salad... The bartender didn't even ask how my food was, the guy next to me ask me "how was the crab cakes" bartender was In front of me when I response "it's really salty" and he didn't say a word!  Bad bad service....
5	Loved it Super awesome Yellowfin Tuna and Hamachi
2	Service is terrible. Had a drink spilled on me by the busser within 20 min.
1	This place was such a bad first time experience that I just HAD to write my first review!!! First off when you walk in there's a wait just to put your name on the list. They put your first and last name in the system then give you a waiting pager. They seemed so unorganized like they didn't know what they were doing. The wait was an hour long so we decided to walk around downtown summerlin and check it out.. About 40 minutes passed by so we checked to see how much longer. They said about 4 more people were in front of us still so we waited some more.... About 15 more minutes passes by so we check how much longer again and she said 2 more people were still ahead of us but since we were in there she'll just seat us. I don't know if that was a good or bad thing because if she let us cut in front of people imagine how many people she let cut in front of us?! So now that we're seated let me say... She gave my boyfriend and I the WORST table. It was so tiny right in between the bar and the bigger tables. We were so close to the family sitting on the side of us. The space was so tight the servers were having a hard time squeezing through to drop off and pick up food. Now for drinks I ordered a white sangria. Our server bragged about how delicious and popular that drink was and how I'm gonna love it...... Then he comes back and says they're all out!!! Really?! Got my hopes up! So I went with the blueberry lemonade.. It was good-- super minty from the mint leaves. My boyfriend just got a Stella.. Nothing to mess up there. As for food.. The menu was on the pricier side. Their pastas ranged from 20-30$... 18$ for some Mac n cheese!!! They have a sushi side of the menu too but I didn't order any sushi. My boyfriend got the crave burger and the fries tasted over-cooked. The food was just okay. Mainly went to check out the new mall and decided we'll stop by and eat there and it was just bad. They are the only restaurant open right now so I understand that's why they were so busy but they just seemed  so unorganized. Probably will give them another shot again like later later once they figure themselves out.
2	The food in this restaurant sucks had the sushi roll that was bland. Also had some cooked fish dish was was ok at best. The burger was cooked incorrectly and I had to return it. This place is nicely decorated. It was real noisy when we were there. The menu has too many food options they should concentrate on one type and keep the menu simple! $80.00 for  two people dinner and left disappointed!!! I'll take my money elsewhere next time!!!Definitely won't be back to this place!
5	Geesh people give them a minute! I saw amount of stars and almost didn't go but if you read them everyone is complaining about the girls at the front. My gosh they've been there like a week let them settle in. The food here is really amazing. The sushi roll I had was amazing I can't wait to go back and try literally everything on the menu. "I" actually messed up and ordered my sushi wrong and they fixed it even though it was my fault. (Mexican roll...YUM!)Our waiter was super friendly and prompt. I hope people read reviews because the stars are a bad reflection of the food. I'm super snobby when it come to food and this place was GREAT!Check it out yourself and leave a review if you love it. Yelpers shouldn't leave reviews on service of a brand new restaurant at least give them 30 days come on people!
4	After reading the reviews I was kind of skeptical to try this place out. Most people complained about long waits to get seated and for food to come out. But as a new restaurant I know they're probably still adjusting and learning so I tried anyways.I was not disappointed.  We did get seated immediately,  I guess we were lucky. I had a hard time deciding so our waiter helped us decide. I wanted a burger so he highly recommended the bison burger.  And if anyone is planning on eating there, please please please try it. It was the best burger I ever had! The peach ice tea on the other hand did not taste good. It wasn't sweet at all. So I don't recommend that. Price was a little high I must sayBut other than that it was good. I will be going back in the future. We had excellent customer service when I went
2	Very very noisy ..... Did I mention it's very noisy ??? Almost have to yell just to speak to my wife who is sitting across from me... :-(
1	Came here with a group of 8. Took 25 minutes to just get our drink orders. 6 out of 8 orders were incorrect. I ordered the steak medium and it came out well done and the appetizer soup came out after my steak???The waitress was very nice but you could tell the the mess the kitchen was in was taking its toll on her and her customers.It almost felt that there was too many staff working Friday night and they would just form these little groups and chat for 5-10 minutes and then go off and do some work again.Like I mentioned above most of what we ordered came out all wrong. Sushi orders were all mixed up, items we didn't even order were constantly being dropped off at our table. It was chaos and we pretty much rolled with the ouches and just had to laugh at how it was one thing after another. It was definitely one of the most bizarre dinners we ever had.Oh and someone might want to let the hostess know she doesn't have to scream the large font headers on the menu to the patrons at the table when she seats them, I was near deaf afterwords and we could barely keeps ourselves from bursting out laughing.I won't be returning.
3	Pretentious restaurant serving mediocre food. The burger was good, but nothing spectacular.  Charging for a bread bowl of focaccia, pita, and a small shot glass of olive oil.    Friend had the Mac and cheese.   Was bland and needed spice.   Other friend ordered bison burger.  Was told 5 minutes later they were out of it. At 2 pm?????  You've only been open 3 hours and already out if your signature???   Poor planning.   Restaurant was noisy.Fried ordered desserts to go.  Desserts took over 15 minutes to come out.   Slice of chocolate cake and a slice of cheesecake.
2	Here is my review of the restaurant. The decor is nice and modern, upscale looking but the food doesn't match the ambience. Portions are small and bland. Do not order Steak Sliders if you are hungry!! It's consider an entree/burger which looks like it should be an appetizer $14.95!! A White Castle burger is bigger than the sliders I got. The wait staff was decent and friendly which is why I gave 2 stars. FYI you'll be "Crave"ing that you had more food on your plate. Pass!!
1	Very slow service at 3pm even if it was after lunch hours....it took 30 minutes to serve my food, but manager apologized.....can you imagine if it is during lunch or dinner times.....food is mediocre and not worth the money.....
5	Enjoyed a great meal with 7 of my girlfriends! Our server Casi was outstanding! Her knowledge of the menu was great, but her ability to know how to serve us without over doing it was refreshing! She is friendly & a real pleasure! I loved the Bison burger, but everyone at our table was very happy with their food. I can't wait to go back again!
1	Simply not worth the excessive time or the calories. Despite three separate reassurances from our waitress and two managers that a computer glitch was the issue, it took 2 hours for three people to receive some bland sushi (that was not what was ordered - and the spicy tuna roll contained lettuce?!) and the salmon plate. Chopsticks took another 10 minutes.  Each dish finally arrived - in separate 15 minute blocks - and was unremarkable, however, they comped the meal.
3	I stopped into Crave with my boyfriend for a cocktail and a snack.  I tried the blueberry lemonade which was great, I enjoyed the flavor- it was a perfect mix without being too sweet! We ordered an appetizer, which was tasty. I want to say I like Crave, although the service was lacking. I know that Crave is one of a few restaurants open in Downtown Summerlin at this time, so I want to give them the benefit of the doubt and hope that the service will improve, I think they have the cocktails and food to be successful, they just need the service and hospitality to catch up with it.
1	HORRIBLE!!!! We get there and order our food...we ask for a bread basket and it cost extra. My son had hair in his food..When I told the waiter he said do you want me to take his food back to the kitchen???? I'm like did you really need to ask that question??? Then they bring my salmon and it is under cooked in fact just about raw. I told the waiter and while he's somewhat apologizing he spits on the table and keeps talking. We are like WHAT??.? So they bring my son out his food and a whole 20 minutes later they brought my food and I'm like keep it...we're leaving.  Prices and high. .Service bad. ..I WILL NOT BE RETURNING!!!
1	Terrible terrible terrible !!!! Food was horrible !
4	So i often look at yelp before trying out a restaurant, but have never actually reviewed a place myself but decided after my experience today that i would give it a shot.First, Most of the reviews complain about the host stand and i can see why. It took forever for them to even acknowledge us, and the quote on the wait time was far from accurate. Thank god we had this amazing server named Brie. We literally watched as this poor girl had 4 tables sat (us being one of them) within 4-5 minutes. This girl didnt miss a beat! she let everyone know she would be with them and had i not been in the service industry myself, i probably wouldnt have even noticed she had other tables. She made us feel like we were the only table in the building. We had planned on coming in just for lunch but after she described the lemon garlic wings, we decided we had to try them. Let me just say, smart girl. These wings are fabulous! The chicken itself actually has flavor, not just the sauce on it! Next i got talked into the chicken apple and brie sandwich which was to die for. My husband had the crave burger which looked juicy and he had no complaints. We were already so full but then she told us about the smores brownie, again to die for!  Once they get the kinks worked out of their host stand, this will be a 5 star review. The food here is fabulous, our server was on point, and the restaurant is beautiful. I absolutely recommend giving it a shot (and requesting Brie!)!!!
1	I will never go back again! My husband and I went there for the 1st time; needless to say, we were starving. The hostess sat us down and nobody showed up to take our orders. We literally sat at our table for 12 minutes w/o any service. We walked out, but before leaving we stopped at the hostess stand. We politely told them why we were leaving. They stared at us blankly without remorse, and did not even try to stop us.
1	Me and my friend made a reservation for this place. We were sat immediately. However, we were not greeted by a server for 20 minutes. I'm sure we could have sat for an hour without being greeted if I hadn't said anything. There were other people sitting near us and servers walked by us multiple times. It was obvious we hadn't been greeted, yet no one took the time to make sure we had been greeted. The manager never came to the table, however he told our server that we would get free desserts. By the time our checks came out, we were charged for our desserts. We asked them to take them off which they did, but it took a while before we got our cards back. The food was good, but not worth the service. I can't say I will be going back...
1	The food was hit and miss the last time I ventured here.  The service was terrible and the reception was as bad as it can get.  3 minimum wage females with attitude.   I was at a movie and thought I would give it another try.   Hostesses are clueless. ..  the only reason they are busy is the other sit down dining are not open yet.  I walked out as they just don't know how to treat a customer.  No hello, no I will be with you in just a moment,  nothing but attitude.   They were too busy with their chit chat than doing their job.I predict closure if they don't fix the lack of service as MTO,  California Pizza, Wolfgang Puck and Grape Street will pull 90% of their current business.    Owner and Management,  make changes before you loose your investment.
3	Ordered the steak sliders and the Dirty Flirty cocktail. Must say, the " Dirty Flirty" was pretty intense, the dirty martini had few bits of prosciutto & bleu cheese stuffed olives. The steak sliders were delicious, could of used more of the "juniper mayo'. Definitely would go back to try the sushi.2nd time going to this restaurant the experience was not what I expected since they've been open for longer than 2 weeks. Waited 30 mins for a table for 2. I noticed a group complain that their buzzer wasn't working and apparently the battery died. The restrooms were again not cleaned and refilled with paper towels. Not sure if this place is going to change anytime soon.
5	I was reading some of the negative reviews and I really don't understand why.  Our meal was excellent.  We were with another couple who also enjoyed their meal.  The service was excellent and the waitress did not pressure us to vacate the table. Even when we were finished, she kept pouring more water for us. I ordered the scallops which were cooked perfectly and the sushi was awesome and fresh-tasting.  I would highly recommend!
2	This place has so much potential. The service was good and we were seated right away. The crab and artichoke dip wasn't bad but the 2 bento boxes and the premium bento box were terrible. The panko shrimp was basically all panko. The sushi tasted fishy. I was going to give the place a second chance but when i saw the bill i changed my mind. For the price we payed and the location, I was expecting a lot more. I'm not saying that you shouldn't go and give crave a chance but, yeah i was a little disappointed.
4	Great addition to the neighborhood. Good service. Interiors are a dressed up yard house vibe. Mahi mahi and the chicken were fantastic. Bision burger and the sirloin sliders are some of the best around.
5	First time with my wife. Had happy hour and the Sushi and Kogi Beef Taco are wonderful. Great greeting at the door and wait staff was great. Being they are new they have a lot in training and they all seem very attentive  and professional. Beautiful Resturant.  We will be back. 5 stats guus. Keep up the great job. Will be back for my birthday on the 20th. Looking for a full dinner. Will post how that goes.
2	Let me start by saying that this place has been open a few weeks, ample time for a new restaurant to get it together. We went in the middle of the afternoon, so it was not busy. We were sat right away, and our waiter came out shortly after to get our drinks in. We paid the $2 for the bread basket, and while it was adequate, the stuff that was supposed to be crispy was soggy. Just, no. it really should have been free. The runner who dropped it off took the time to explain what each of the breads were, by touching each one! Wtf! We had to laugh. The menu is extensive and appealing, but, They were out of the sandwich my boyfriend ordered, which seems to be a theme in alot of other reviews. He settled on a burger that featured a foie grais butter, and i got the steak sliders, both with fries. As we waited for our food, we had time to look around the restaurant, It was not busy at all, and it was obvious because there were waiters everywhere, standing around and talking in the middle of the restaurant, one guy even stood in the middle of the restaurant and texted on his phone! Gross! Some food got dropped off at a table near us and we could hear the waiter say to another one, "bet that food gets sent back, looked pretty bad." Umm what? At least we were entertained while we waited for our food. Our food comes, and yikes, it didn't look good. My sliders were sloppily put together, the crispy fried onion strings were really pale and under done, the steak had no flavor and the color of it was... Unappealing. There was no detectable juniper mayo, and the buns were underwhelming. There were about 9 soggy greasy French fries on my plate, and the temperature of my food was Luke warm. My boyfriends burger was ordered at medium well, it came out well done, and the bun was burnt to a crisp. His fries were also cold and soggy. There was no foie grais butter to speak of, either. I felt really bad for our waiter, he must know how bad their kitchen is because he brought us out fresh fries without us even saying a word about them. We left our waiter a nice tip, as it wasn't his fault, it is clear to me that he was trying his best despite a kitchen that doesn't seem to care.Bottom line, this place needs to get it together quick, or it will be gone as soon as the other restaurants open. It seems poorly managed and the kitchen is a mess to say the least, zero quality control. For a $40 lunch, we would have had a better meal at 5 guys.
2	CRAVE... I tried to enjoy this place...We came in to Crave to kill some time before our movie.This review has nothing to do with wait time...lucky for us there were two seats open  at their bar. The restaurant has a nice vibe...very comfortable. Ordered the Kogi beef tacos...The food runner came out with the tacos and another entree looking a bit lost as to where to deliver it to. After realizing that it was our order, I told him we never ordered the second item so he hands it to the bartender who then passes it around the bar asking if it belongs to anyone. It ended up sitting behind the bar for the rest of the time that we were there. Very unorganized system they have going on...The Kogi beef tacos itself was very bad. I took one bite and passed it off to my friend who eats anything and everything but even admitted that it was pretty terrible. The meat tasted as if it was marinated in butter rather than cooked with it. The bite left a very unpleasant greasy film like taste in my mouth. I will not be coming back to try anything else on their food menu.
5	From the service, to the food, everything was fantastic!We started off with the crab cakes for an appetizer along with the Godzilla roll. Crab cakes were fantastic! Sushi roll was 20$ but a fairly larger portion. I got the mahi mahi. It was to die for! A burst of flavor! It had hints of pecan and cinnamon on a bed of shrimp rice. My friend got the apple sandwich that came on pita. Very good, great for a tasty lunch. We finished off with The tiramisu shooter, and the chocolate cake. Everything was excellent! We will definitely be back next time we spend our day in dt summerlin!
2	Food was excellent. We ordered scallop shooters, lemon garlic wings, Bison burger and the Lamb meatball pasta. All had fantastic flavor, no complaints there. But the service........ Terrible. First, we waited 10minutes after getting seated for someone to notice us.  Food took a long time to come out even if they were about half capacity. They served us the wrong food. I had to stand up to ask for water 2x. It was hard to get the servers to pay attention even if a lot of them were just standing around.
3	Came here for the first time last night. Wasn't very impressed. The hostesses were nice & since there was an hour left of happy hour and my honey is a beer connoisseur we decided to sit at the bar. Wow, wish we would have just gotten a table. One of the bartenders came around & asked me what I'd like to drink. I asked if they had coke. She said "umm..." And had to turn around to look at the sodas to see. Then she said yes they did. After she brought our drinks, somehow she disappeared & another woman bartender, Samantha, took over. Now I'm not sure what was going on behind the bar, but there was some drama & confusion because the three bartenders were muttering to each other. I'm not sure what the problems were but you could tell they were stressed out. I've worked in restaurants before & I understand how stressful it can be, but that's no excuse to give bad service. And that's what she did. We asked for menus & decided we'd just order some apps from the happy hour menu. Samantha, in the middle of listening to our order, walked away from us when another bartender walked by her and said something to her. Just walked away! I wasn't sure if she had gotten all of our order or what! Then she came back and said "I'm sorry" & looked at us so we ordered again. Basically once we ordered we hardly saw her again. Pretty sad considering we were AT THE BAR and so on front of her the whole time.Our food was good, especially the beef tacos & the tempura sushi. Very good. When it was time to pay the bill we put the money in the glass & waited for Samantha to close it out. Only she didn't pick it up. She kept walking back & forth, making drinks, etc. completely ignoring us until finally my boyfriend called out "excuse me. We'd like to close our tab out". Pretty sad. All in all, we'll probably go back again. But never will I sit at the bar.
2	Well my husband and I with some friends decided to ignore the recent reviews and try this new restaurant. We all thought let's give it a try and chance. We went for happy hour and at first it was ok. We ordered drinks and appetizers though our food came first warm we had to ask for our drinks ... A bit strange !!! Then we ordered  a second round food was cold and our drinks were not only total wrong and completely off with no alcohol and they served a martini in a juice glass !! Who does that !! The drink that was to be made with rum was served with a splash of whisky instead. Service was horrible had to ask for everything at least twice. Happy hour  for what you got is pricy and don't go in the bathrooms I had to rummage thru the storage units to find the toilet paper. To say the least if they don't get it together this Restaurant won't last !!! I expected a lot more especially from a new Summerlin hot spot.
1	Beautifully designed, wait staff very nice but the food although it looked fantastic tasted awful. We had the edamame and tuna poke to start both I would highly suggest. From there it went down hill the cocktails were so strong you could hardly sip them. My husband had the bamboo roll, my daughter the spicy tuna roll, and I had the Godzilla roll. The rolls looked appetizing but tasted day old at best. The seaweed was wet and chewy and the cream cheese inside the rolls must have been generic because it had no taste to it at all. Great location, great concept, poorly executed with low quality ingredients.
5	Did not expect a great meal because Crave was new  and I assumed that they were not 100% up to speed yet...  I was wrong. It was great!The cocktail list was amazing! Expertly crafted artisan style.Sushi was the best I have had in Vegas. (Not the "same old" boring sushi that every other place has. ) New quality ingredients and textures that create wonderful flavors that I had yet to experience.The decor is upscale, warm, and welcoming.For this price point... definitely a five star experience!
4	I tried this restaurant for lunch today. This is a lively, high-energy spot with a diverse menu. My waitress was very nice and attentive. I tried the Bison burger and fries; both were tasty!  I really liked the fact that they offer mini desserts (nice when you just want a little something sweet).  Enjoy!!!
3	New concept of having American and Japanese food fare.  Dishes looking appetizing, but the taste are just average.  Service is off balance.  Not sure if it is due to new opening or volume of folks being served.
4	Just had lunch here and I must disagree with a lot of the reviews. Service was spot-on. Waitress was great and very attentive. Refills for drinks constantly. Love the decor, environment, the total vibe. I feel really bad that so many people reviewed based on a brand new establishment and not giving them credit for just opening. Food was good: the bbq pork sliders with kimchi was tender and juicy. The chicken apple and brie sandwich was bomb. Such a unique flavor. Will definitely be coming back.
4	After seeing a lot of the negative reviews my friend and I decided anyways to check it out since the menu seemed pretty tasty. Upon finishing our lunch here I'd have to say I don't know what people are talking about in terms of bad service. My water was constantly refilled and my server was super nice and checked back multiple times during our meal to see if we were doing ok. Great feel to the place. Would definitely come back again. I had the Bison burger which was amazing and also the sliders to start. Also amazing. The only thing I didn't like was the butterscotch pudding for dessert slough it was risky probably to order it anyway but the texture was a little strange and it was too much. But that might just be the butterscotch flavoring. I dunno but other than that great experience. Will come again for sure one day.
1	At first we went, everything was perfect. The food was delicious, or so we thought, everything went well. The waitress messed up our orders but it was ok, not a big deal. We had to pay for bread which was kinda strange but again, not a big deal. Dinner went well and everything was alright. It's what's in the food that I question. My boyfriend and I and his parents we to eat there, we all ordered different things but idk something in the food have ALL FOUR of us diarrhea and tummy aches.  Boyfriend and I have been on the toilet for two days now along with his parents. This is really sketchy, I don't know how they did or what they did in the kitchen but I'm definitely never coming back. Awful explosive diarrhea and stomach aches. Spent $170 there just to get sick after. Very disappointed, I had really high expectations.
5	I visited Crave for the first time tonight, and I have to say that it was a wonderful experience. The service and promptness was impeccable. Hayley was our waitress and she did a fantastic job, always making sure we were taken care of.
3	Considering going to Downtown Summerlin is like taking a road trip for me, finding a new exciting place to eat was part of the thrill in my journey. The menu at Crave was unique and enticing, so, Allison S., myself, and my other half Brent S. decided to give it a try. Off top, the service was great. Maybe a bit overstaffed due to the recent opening, but every face was smiling and welcoming from the host, to the chef, to the wait staff. Between us, we ordered edamame, a couple sushi rolls, and jumbo shirmp. I also endulged in a martini, because they offer blue cheese stuffed olives and I just can't ever seem to turn those down. We weren't looking for full meals, just something to hold us over.  So basically, in my own humble opinion, this place has mediocre food, an overpriced menu, and a faux gourmet intention when you are getting nothing of the sort. Why should an 8pc. sushi roll with spicy tuna and shrimp be $19?! Because I am in the new mall in Summerlin, eh, NO. Why should 4 appetizers and a cocktail cost $80!? Not my style. Was the food decent, sure. I would eat all of it again. But I would never pay that much for it. I could easily go to Ra, or Sushi Roku, for gourmet sushi, AND IT STILL WON'T BE $19 A ROLL!! The decor was beautiful, the cocktail was great. (other than the fact that only ONE of my olives was stuffed, LAME!) But remember, Wetzels Pretzels is still 500 feet away, and Crave, you are not good enough to charge the prices you're asking. Rent must be super high at this location. Sitting between MTO (which has GREAT prices) and a Wolfgang establishment, where its worth the price, my final words for Crave, GOOD LUCK.
2	Even after my wife and I (accidentally) made two reservations for 7pm we still had to wait almost 30 minutes to be seated. And we were seated in the Bar, not the restaurant. Okay so be it. It doesn't get any better though. The wine was rancid, the margarita was lame and the main course came 5 minutes after the soups and salads were delivered. It was a disaster and the worse part is the food was just okay. I so want local restaurants to succeed however Crave has some work to do if they are going to last.
3	There aren't many food options at the Summerlin mall just yet. On a recent trip Dyanna L, her man Brent S. and I all decided to check out Crave. I'd also seen lots of fellow Yelpers check in here and wanted to know what all the fuss was about. Upon walking in we were greeted by at least 4 hostesses. We were quickly walked around what felt like the whole restaurant to our seats. The hostess pulled out our chairs (fancy) and handed us menus. Our glasses were filled with ice cold water. They do have a vast menu and they even have a full sushi bar. The prices are high so be prepared. Since we had intentions of eating someplace else later I was checking out the appetizers, but could not resist their huge sushi menu. Since I was watching my budget I just went with the Spicy Salmon Roll ($8). Dyanna got another specialty sushi roll and a martini and Brent got edamame, soup and some jumbo shrimp. Everything was just ok. Nothing that special and definitely not worth the price. Fancy atmosphere and only meh food doesn't mean your can charge outrageous prices. With Wolfgang right around the corner we might as well have gone there and had amazing food or I guess we just should have stuck to Wetzels Pretzels. Save your money and hit up another restaurant in this ever growing mall.
2	We were starving and since this was the only restaurant open, we decided to give it a try.From the moment we walked in, the hostesses were pretty clueless and despite many empty tables, they said there was a 15 minute wait. No problem we said, we will have a drink at the bar. There were three bartenders working, and the tall male bartender directly in front of us wouldn't turn around to ask me if I wanted anything to drink. He was too busy chatting to the other bartenders and slicing his lemons and garnish.  I was practically waiving the menu to get his attention but was unsuccessful. Luckily the hostess came over and said our table was ready. She brought us to a high top table in the bar area which was too small for me and my guest. I asked for a normal table in the restaurant area and she said no problem, but it will be another 10-15 minutes. Ok, I will try to get that pumpkin spice Ale that I was thirsty for. Still unsuccessful in getting the bartenders attention (he is really focused) the hostess comes back and seats us at a booth in the back. On the way, I told her about the problem with the bartender. She just smiled and told me to ask my server for a beverage. She was totally unaccommodating.The server came and she was great, so no real complaints about her. I did notice however that most of the servers came and went like waves. I mean they would be all over the tables and then they would all disappear for  7-10 minutes at a time. I mean no service staff at all in the restaurant. The appetizers came and they were fantastic. It took about an hour for our entrees to make it to the table, steak salad and burger. Steak salad was great, however the french fries on the burger plate were soggy as a sponge. So they were sent back and replaced. When I went to eat the burger, the bottom bun was saturated from grease. In fact, the hamburger was sitting in an oil slick puddle of grease. Pretty gross. The manager came to the table after speaking to our server about the issue after about 10-15 minutes. Seems there were some problems with their Point of Sale system and he was concerned with that issue. He took the burger away and he replaced it with a sandwich which was more of a wrap, and it was tasty. He replaced the replacement fries as well again as they were just as soggy as the first if not more.The acoustics in the restaurant are not very good either, it is very loud inside. Very much like a sports bar. Good luck having a conversation.I know this restaurant just opened, but I expected more from them. I would be willing to give them another try, but it wont be any time soon. Hopefully they will still be in business by the time I do decide to patronize them again.
2	Tried 4 different flatbreads, 3 sushi, lobster linguini, meat balls, 3 different beers, cocktails, and white wine, nothing is good. The only thing that is fine is the chicken flatbread. The server, Darius, is attentive and friendly while others are not.Will not come back unless I take my puppy here to enjoy their patio and open air.
4	I just went there there for lunch today.  The food was good and it was a great price.
5	My family and I went here for my birthday. The atmosphere is almost as wonderful as the food! I ordered the lamb meatballs with a glass of red wine and they were delicious! The service was excellent. We very much enjoyed the company of our server, Jennifer. She was so sweet and attentive. My family and I will be back soon just for her outstanding service.
3	The sushi was very good, but entirely over priced.  I.e. Scallop poppers were $10 for three little poppers. The Godzilla roll was $19 for an average sized roll.  Like I said, it was tasty, but a $73 bill for two rolls , app, 2 beers, and glass of wine...........could have just gone to a local sushi joint and saved about $25-$30
5	Had a great time at Crave two days ago.  Knowing Downtown Summerlin just opened recently and this restaurant is new, we were skeptical of what to expect.  However, Jordan, our waiter, was fantastic.  He suggested some great items, the Black Bean Soup and the Chicken Apple Sausage Flatbread, which were both delicious.  Back staff was always on top of refilling water and clearing plates.  We were there early, so were seated right away.  When we left, the restaurant was full and people were waiting to get in.  The bar was full and lively.Overall, great experience and looking forward to going back!
2	Came here with the mr. for an early week happy hour.  Our server was nice but our food was ready before our drinks.  We had the pork belly sliders, tuna roll, and philly roll.  The food was meh, who puts lettuce in a philly roll?  Good luck keeping customers when all of the resturaunts are open.
1	Being the only place open in Downtown Summerlin we were kind of forced to try this  restaurant out. The atmosphere was alright, it was your typical chain restaurant bland atmosphere.I know I can't give 0 stars but even if I could I would still give 1 star because our server, Victor, was fun and knowledgeable.  I LOVE sushi and was excited to see that they had a menu that was relatable to sushi and non sushi lovers. I ordered the Mexican Roll and a side of sashimi. I was super excited because i love anything spicy. I ate the majority of my roll because it was good! Everything was going great until early the next morning when I felt extremely sick, as did my other friend (who also got the sashimi).
4	We walked in and asked for outside seating, got it right away.We ordered drinks and our food after about ten minutes, I feel like that is a normal wait time. Our waitress was running around I could overhear other tables being quite needy (as in can you move my umbrella I wanted to sit outside but not deal with the sun or the heat or the birds ha) I asked for a recommendation on which fish dish was better in her opinion and she recommended the salmon but warned me about the mustard flavor. Honestly it was delicious so kudos. I think people need to give the place a chance it's just opened give it awhile to work out the kinks.
5	5 stars! Dakota was very prompt in seating me at a great booth and she was so kind. For once a hostess who actually seemed like she genuinely wanted us there! Our server Jordan was very informative and had excellent recommendations. I had a lunch combination with the crave salad and a half BLT. So good! My friend had the bison burger. We shared the Mexican roll and were absolutely blown away. We will be back again very soon!
4	My wife and I had a fantastic time Friday night at Crave - we eat alot of restaurants in Vegas and also base alot of dinner outings on Yelp reviews. I heard some good things about this place but with a 2.5 rating I was a little skeptical. This rating proved to be wrong. The whole night was perfect from the food and decor to the waiter (Marianna). Starting off with bread basket, sashimi (very fresh yellowtail)  and crab cakes the cakes were very tasty and the jalapeno tartar sauce went perfect with them. Dinner was Mahi Mahi for my wife and I had the Sea Bass. Both pieces cooked perfectly and the sauces that accented both were spot on. The flavors all just worked perfectly together on both plates. Desserts were tiramisu and I want to say a hazelnut pudding? Cant recall but it was a bit grain for my taste, but the flavor was good. Tiramisu was not too traditional but again really flavorful. We ended the night with Almond Coffee which was really a great ending note and was pretty damn good - we had to have a second one before heading out.On a side note Drinks were all perfect from the bar and their mixed drink menu was pretty good - ginger lime Margarita is worth trying. The biggest plus of the night was our waitress Marianna - probably one of the best we have encountered at any restaurant and was on top of everything throughout the night. From recommendations paired with drinks to explanations of each dish she was all around worth asking for on your next visit. Dont base this place on the 2.5 stars it has right now - these will go up. There was obviously some issues upon opening which any restaurant will have - especially when you try to match ticket times from a main kitchen to a sushi kitchen. I was a chef for years in Las Vegas and observe what goes on in restaurants very closely when I visit - they have obviously pulled it together here - its worth the visit.
3	My husband and I went to crave for the first time on a Friday night date. The restaurant was full at 6:30 but we had made a reservation so we got right in.  I decided to go to the sushi bar.  I should have known when not one person was at the sushi bar that something was up.  We ordered tuna and a spicy roll of some sort and  It just wasn't fresh or very tasty.  We were so disappointed.  Giving it one more chance, we ordered one order of salmon and another type of tuna sushi and both were just OK.  On another note, the service was great from the server that brought our wine.  I will return to the restaurant for their regular menu as it does interest me but I will not return for sushi.  Oh, one more thing, there was no soy sauce at the bar.  After asking for some low sodium, the server came and poured a way too generous amount in our dishes.  He sould know to let the customer do that, as we like to get a certain amount in the dish to get the consistency right with their wasabi.
4	Good selection , sushi was ok..Soup and Turkey Blt was good.Most likely will come back again !Atmosphere was fun , clean and no wait
4	Good food. Good service. Would definitely return.I had 2 items from the sushi menu and really enjoyed the Aloha wrap. Great pita bread for snacking on while waiting for the food. It kinda feels like a newer Kona Grill for anyone who goes to Boca Park. Good stuff!
2	Sushi was ok.... Very fishy taste for some reason.....Serivce however was great.... The drinks served were horrible.... Probably would not recommend..... Next ...
4	When can a steakhouse be great and great sushi? When it's Crave!  Great filet mignon, delicious tomato basil soup! Husband got sushi and it was delish!!  I recommend this place!
3	My wife and I came here 3 weeks ago. Service was great and the meals were very good. I made a reservation last week for 5 of us. The hostess asked if this was a special occasion, I told her yes. Our daughter was coming in from New York to celebrate her 30th birthday. We arrived on time and we we sat within 5 minutes. Four of us were served our meals, unfortunately we had to wait 10 minutes for our last meal. One of our party ordered the Bison burger medium rare. It was well done. I understand that things happen, but why ask if it is a special occasion, and then do nothing but bring the check. Disappointing.Oh well.
1	After my 81 year old mother prepared our Thanksgiving meal I decided to take her out last Saturday to relax and enjoy a good dinner. The $5 cup of black bean soup was fine, however after that, things got bad.  We ordered the "steak" sliders as an appetizer.  They were a sad shade of gray, tasteless, tough and luke warm.  Couldn't figure out if it was salisbury steak, or something more sinister.  $15 for 3 of these monstrosities was criminal. The calamari was tasty, but skimpy, and again luke warm.  The caeser salad was bland, with absolutely no flavor, and next to no dressing.         Ordering the 'signature' rib eye for the main course was another huge disappointment.  $31 for a steak 3/8ths of an inch thick is absurd.  I don't think they are getting nervous at Del Frisco's.  After all this mediocrity, we decided to skip desert at Crave, and purchase some items from the nearby Trader Joe's.      The highlight of the meal was the desert from Trader Joe's.  I am not a malicious person, however I need to warn other yelp fans about this $155 fiasco.  For that type of money we could have had an outstanding meal at the nearby Vintner's Grill or Honey Salt.
5	Overall   My first and second time dining here were both amazing experiences! During my first visit, my coworker and I had just finished shopping around and were looking for a place to eat and we decided to give Crave a try. Having a wonderful experience there the first time, I told my parents about it and they ate there for lunch for a meeting and soon called me over as well; ending again with a wonderful experience. I definitely recommend this restaurant, but just watch out a bit for the pricing. Wait Time & Customer Service   Hostesses are alright in my opinion, and the wait for us wasn't as long as some other reviewers (do note that it was only the two of us) had experienced; I waited around 10 minutes for an indoor seat my first visit, which isn't bad. The indoors looked pretty classy. Our waitress was absolutely amazing, she was friendly, knowledgable and very attentive.    We received exemplary customer service; During our first visit with my coworker the manager paid for one of our desserts just because we couldn't decide between two of their desserts. He (the manager) did initially think that my coworker and I were on a date though, so I believe this would be a great place for a date knowing that the manager's trying to make your date run as smoothly as it can. I don't know if the manager does this 24/7 but, during the first visit the manager was roaming around the restaurant, checking on the customers constantly. I gave the biggest tip I've ever given a restaurant here.    During the second visit with my family, again, we had exemplary service. We were seated outdoors at the patio. I don't know if it was super busy that specific day, or if the waiters and waitresses for the patios are just less organized. Our waiter for that day was friendly as well but wasn't as attentive. A few times different waiters came to our table with something that wasn't ours (but all of the food we had ordered had been served already) and at some point went from table to table asking if they had ordered what she was carrying. It wasn't bad though, we're all human and they just opened so there will always be a few kinks here and there. I overall definitely recommend this restaurant.Food  During my first visit I had the Filet Mignon, which by the way, is the best Filet Mignon I've ever had! It was very juicy and had lots of flavor, I find their Filet Mignon better than Cheesecake Factory's (and Crave's Mignon is a bit bigger). It's accompanied with "potato puree, caramelized brussels sprouts, [and] topped with garlic butter" which is a perfect (I guess you would call it) side to the dish. My coworker had the Ribeye which is also accompanied with the same sides as the Mignon. I had a taste of his Ribeye and it was pretty delicious too I'd give the Ribeye about four stars and the Mignon five stars. We also ordered the sushi, Godzilla. Very delicious. I'd give that about five stars as well.    With the desserts that night, we had the Smore's Brownie and Signature Cheesecake. We devoured the smores, and we didn't really eat much of the cheesecake. The smores had the perfect balance of sweet flavors: five stars. The cheesecake was ok but nothing really special: three stars.    During my second visit I initially wanted to have the Filet Mignon again (it's that good) however, I'm a person who loves to try new things so I went for the Pork Tenderloin instead. The Tenderloins were not as delicious. It was kind of dry, but manageable, nothing really special in my opinion: three stars.    My Father had Half Roasted Chicken, which was absolutely delicious; I took a taste of it as well! It contains rice, bits of grilled pineapple, and "jalapeno orange glaze". The chicken was juicy and seasoned deliciously, and with the pineapple and the orange glaze it tasted delicious altogether: five stars! My Mother had the Chicken Stir Fry, (which again, I had a taste of. I'm a foodie) it was okay for me, around three stars. My Mother however found it to be too salty for her, and asked if she could have something else (which they happily obliged) and then ordered the Half Roasted Chicken.    Both times that I was here I had some tea with peach in it (different drinks) the first one was mixed with raspberry I believe, and it was okay. The plain peach tea was not sweet enough for me, so it'll be good for those who like not-too-sweet drinks. Wait time for the food wasn't that long as well, pretty average wait time for a restaurant.    The food overall? 4.5 StarsPricing   The prices of the food here are kind of pricy, but my coworker and I thought it was worth it; I think they would have even more business if they maybe lowered the prices a bit. The bill for my coworker and I came up to the low $100, with the cheesecake being free (Filet Mignon, Ribeye, Godzilla, Cheesecake, Smores, Peach tea, Raspberry  tea). I do not know of the total bill for the lunch meeting during my second visit, but as far as I know, there were no complaints.
5	Have the rib eye, was amazing!!! Cooked to perfectly, girl had a sushi roll she said it was really good. Had a app the crab and artichoke dip was very good, service was amazing, will def recommend this to everyone I know.
3	I've been here twice with a friend of mine and before my first time going I called to see if they have any vegan selections and they replied saying "many options, they're just spread throughout the menu" I ordered the veggie roll, which has no Suchi in it, just rice sea weed, avocado and veggies. It was pretty good. Only downside was my waiter didn't really take me saying I'm "vegan" seriously. I asked him what I should order and he kept pointing out items with dairy, and even offered me dessert with ice cream! I just thought waiters and waitresses would have better knowledge of what vegan and vegetarian is. Over all. Everyone is very nice. My friend loves Crave and even got a rewards card. I hope more vegan options come on the menu. It's a very nice restaurant but the appetizers are just as much as the entrees . Weird. Probably will be back :)
2	The cheesecake is amazing. Everything else was an expensive disappointment. The service was lackluster, the food uninspiring.
2	The few times we have been there have been a mediocre experience.  I was expecting more being one of the anchor restaurants for the Downtown Summerlin mall.  Maybe it's just because they are working out the bugs.  The food is decent and presented well but the service is a little off still.  We've been there a total of 4 times and will wait to try again in the future when they have some more experience.
1	We were at this restaurant about 4'ish on Monday afternoon during happy hour.  I ordered the Kobe tacos as an appetizer and they were so spicy I could hardly eat them.  My girlfriend ordered the roast chicken w/salsa and specifically asked for no halopenias.  The meal came out spicy hot.  Upon complaining to the waiter, who was also the bartender, we were given the bill with no apologize or reduction in the amount.  Although the restaurant is very quaint, customer service needs to be improved. We will not be going back to this facility.
2	This midwest chain recently opened in the new Downtown Summerlin complex. It claims to be chef driven -- and maybe it is -- but the quality and execution is on par with similar chain restaurants. The duck confit flatbread ($15.95) was one of the more interesting sounding dishes, but there wasn't enough duck to balance out the sweetness of all the fig marmalade. The lemon garlic wings ($13.95) were huge, but the heavy lemon flavor made them unappealing. The Crave burger ($13.95) wasn't bad. It's a simple burger made up of an angus patty, smoked cheddar, lettuce, tomato, onion and their signature burger sauce. The undercooked and under seasoned patty were the only thing holding it back from being a decent burger. Desserts fared much better. Although for someone with a sweet tooth like mine it's tough to screw up chocolate cake ($7.95) -- five layers of dense, moist, sweet chocolate cake. It was, however, lacking a sufficient amount of the orange creme anglaise mentioned on the menu. The S'mores brownie ($7.95) had some enticing elements like the chewy brownie and the marshmallow ice cream, but the amount of torched marshmallow topping the brownie was overload.With so many other places in town to try, I'm not sure I'll return. Sure, they have a large menu, which also includes sushi but the combination of that and American food in the same restaurant is an even bigger deterrent to my return.2.5 Stars
1	Came here tonight for a company dinner party , and too put it nicely it was nothing special , their menu is very random from sushi to burgers to pasta . I ordered the rainbow roll and the fish was okay again nothing amazing very similar to sushi from a grocery store and for the price defiantly not worth it I also ordered the albacore nigiri and that was a huge disappointment, a coworker ordered the Godzilla roll it was so big and tasteless too much work for a blain roll , onto the burgers the bison burger was served literally burnt and the fries were over salted ,the lobster linguini was flavored good  but for the price you get 1 1/2 claw very tiny  and a very small portion of pasta that was undercooked lastly another coworker ordered the gluten free chicken salad (a plus this place has a gluten free menu) so you really couldn't go wrong with lettuce , we also had to constantly ask for refills mind you our group was only 9 people very disappointed . It's such a great location and very nice place itself but the food just isn't up to par
1	We went here for dinner a few weeks ago with another couple and everything from the time we get their was poor--they sat us 20 minutes late, everything that all of us ordered wasn't good, the atmosphere feels like a chain and there are many other places on DT Summerlin to eat at.
1	I took my husband here for his birthday with my daughter. We were seated and they only brought us two waters. They brought us another water and took our order. I asked for the dressing on the side for my salad and when it came the dressing was drizzled on the salad. The food is pretty pricey and the fish is not fresh. My daughter had the California roll and it was $9 for 6 little pieces. The imitation crab was dry and the roll did not hold together. Our bill came out to be $100 with some other things. But other than that the server was nice and helpful.
5	From out of town. Great restaurant, wonderful staff, very friendly. The food was superb, excellent service, each course came exactly on time. The manager even came over to see if everything was okay. Will definately go back we we go back to Vegas!
4	We were here on Saturday night, it was fairly busy but the wait wasn't long and the hostess was very nice (they even opened the door for us). I had the mustard salmon and my husband had sushi both were amazing! The wine selection was also good. The only complaint is it was kind of chilly in the restaurant.,other than that the food and service was excellent.
1	The place was not even half full and it took almost 15 minutes to get a drink from the bar.  Service was very poor in general.  I had the lamb meat balls for twenty some dollars and was less than impressed.  There were only a few and were only an inch or so in diameter. Others had the bison burger which was ok,  but it is hard to mess up a burger. With all the great dinning options in town I doubt I will go back and will not be recommending this place to anyone.  Oh and their largest beers are small and over priced as well.
5	Excellent stop in Downtown Summerlin. The food and ambience was phenomenal. Had the Lemon garlic wings. Came out piping hot and delicious. The happy hour specials were a great deal too. Will come back
5	I really really enjoyed it. I do have to say the regular menu is pretty pricey but the food was well worth it! We went during happy hour and everything sounded so appetizing.Our waiter DeAndre was so nice and welcoming. He even gave us a little Japanese history when he gave us hot towels to wipe our hands. I like the atmosphere and I love the location! Overall it's worth it during happy hour!
2	Dining review: CRAVE Downtown SummerlinFood was ok. Service....SUCKED. It was only 3pm and not busy. Waited approx 10 minutes to get seated basically since they were waiting for the new shift of staff to come in. Waited at our table for another 15-20 minutes for a server to arrive. We had plenty of time to figure out what we wanted so we did drink and food order at the same time. Drinks arrived (we only ordered water and never were given refills)....then waited well over 30 minutes for just a turkey burger and chicken stir fry to show up. We saw our server only 3 times in the hour we were there and had to almost tackle him to pay attention to us to get our tab. Manager walked around a lot and was on his cell. Not a good view when people are waiting for food or have that look like they need assistance but no one is showing up. We weren't the only table that seemed to be forgotten. Staffing needs some work and management could step up and help out more as well in my opinion. We probably won't be going back.Turkey burger was average and the chicken in the chicken stir fry was thinly sliced like it could of been used in a chicken sandwich or BLT style sandwich.
4	Gr8 selection of dishes.  Lunch is a bargain w/big servings.  Dinner prices go up for same portions.  Service is good.  I like the salmon, chicken brie sandwich and sushi.  Spacious and beautiful ambience w/nice tables and booths.  Gr8 bar and happy hour.
5	Awesome food...just enough and the setting is grest!  Our server Adam was very attentive and genuine..he was amazing!   We will be back!
1	I had the bison burger with pork belly. The pork belly was under cooked and I got severe food poisoning, which worked out great since it was Christmas eve. I had the worst holiday ever on the toilet.Besides the food poisoning, the menu is all over the place, the ambience is nothing special, and the food is a bit over priced. I hope this place goes out of business ASAP. Oh, the server took 15 minutes to get my beer as well and they weren't even packed.This place is GARBAGE.
5	My wife and I have been here twice now, and the food has been fantastic both times.  That said, we were even more impressed with the service.  The first time we were here, the waitress was incredibly knowledgeable about the menu, which always makes ordering much easier.  The second time we came because we received an email about a four course meal being offered 26-31 December.  We came on the 26th with the intention of having the four course meal, but as it turned out, this location was not prepared to offer the four course meal until the 31st.  We were bummed, but stayed anyway and had a great meal which was comped by the manager Jamie.  Excellent service all around!
4	First time here...has a Yard House feel to it but different twist...Ordered the bread basket and it was delish but wished it was unlimited...The sushi menu is eclectic and overpriced (way better sushi places in town) so definitely don't recommend that side of the menu to splurge on.Now the ribeye and scallops were delicious...especially the ribeye prepared with the chili molasses glaze...2 thumbs up!Would come back here again to enjoy and hang out with friends in such a nice atmosphere! :-)
1	The worse service I've ever experienced. It too almost an hour to get our food and then my granddaughters pizza was cold. We sent it back and it took another 20 minutes.
5	OK, this review is on the mac and cheese only, because that's all I ate. Yep, big enough for the main course. I had it with the apple sausage mixed. Loved it.
2	If you know ANYTHING about food, don't eat here. The food is mediocre at best. Service is great though.
1	I really wanted to like this place, but was EXTREMELY disappointed! The server was clueless and gave us the wrong information. Ended up moving tables because sat by cold front door area. Waited for service,but server never came back. Moved to bar and totally regretted that because the bartender was soooooo rude. Very short w us when he took our order like we were completely bothering him. We observed him with the other guests and he was the same way with them. Our food came out wrong and he blamed us! We showed him what we ordered on the menu and what was supposed to come, but he got defensive and was almost fighting with us. So crazy!!! I have worked in the hospitality industry for 15 years and have never seen anything like it. I will never go back to this place and will advise anyone who asks not to bother trying it. They need to start fresh with staff that is competent and actually want to be there. Your food can be great, but if your service is terrible, your restaurant is doomed to fail miserably...but the food was mediocre so good luck...
1	Terrible service and terrible food.  It took the 1 hour to deliver food to our table and 20 minutes for 2 glasses of water.Would never recommend to anyone, a total disappointment.l
5	I was amazed as soon as I walked in! The hostesses were very welcoming and enthusiastic. The waiter had so many great recommendations for their sushi and sandwiches. The food arrived in a timely fashion, the prices maybe a little high for some but it's well worth it.
1	Crave - a strong desire/ yearning for something (usually food, experience). This was one of the first few restaurants that opened in Downtown Summerlin and I remember this place being so busy it was so hard to get in. My sister made a reservation for lunch. A few friends of mine warned me about the taste of the food but it was too late and I'm pretty stubborn.I just had a great shopping trip at my favorite store nearby. I was happy. We walked in and the host took us through a maze of high tables and high chairs. Did you not see my big shopping bags and yoga mat I was knocking things on the tables with? Why would you seat us at cramped tables when you have booths available? Lack of perception and care. Woosah!CRAVE Grilled Chicken Salad:Candied walnuts, goat cheese, field greens, grilled chicken breast with balsamic vinaigrette. I was leaning towards the Baby Kale and Steak Salad but this had the place's name in it so, it must be a must-have item, right? Not really. Everything that does not require cooking was ok but the chicken was dry. 2/5Norwegian Salmon Salad:Couscous, salmon, quinoa, pomegranate, pickled grapes and wilted spinach. The chef must not be good at checking for meat temperature and doneness. The outside of the fish was cooked but a big portion of the core was not. The manager got involved and offered another piece of cooked salmon. Why can't you just get it right the first time? 1/5Nigiri:My sister got salmon and escolar (super white). I didn't have any. The cuts looked good and the fish seemed fresh. I won't ever touch escolar due to its natural laxative properties - I don't need that!I normally would try to be understanding of things. Mistake after mistake...after we were done, I was yearning for my bathroom. I had plans to continue shopping with my sister but I had to go. I guess it didn't matter if I ate escolar or not, the food here has the same effect. I don't CRAVE for pain and suffering that's for sure. Holy borborygmus, I gotta go!
