2	You will find Country Boys Restaurant at the intersection of Camelback, I-17 and School Cafeteria Food Rd.They violated my 3B's of diner safety!  The breakfast food was OK, I didn't have a BLT, but my wife's burger was...not OK.  As soon as I saw that bad boy I recognized the perfectly preformed roundness and the unusual texture that says "cafeteria burger".But I waited for her reaction.  I tasted my side of home fries with onions and my single pancake.  The home fries were fine, slightly underdone but fine.  The pancake was also fine.  A tad sproingy but fine.  "How's your food?""The fries are good.""And the burger?""It's a little off.  Prefab and the flavor and texture are familiar, but from a long time ago.  I can't place it.""School cafeteria perhaps?""That's it.  Exactly."
3	Country Boys is nothing spectacular.  They aren't particularly bad either.  My husband and I came here for breakfast one morning after hearing some good things about it.  This is all standard diner-type fair in here.  Pancakes, bacon, sausage, eggs... the usual.  I ordered a couple eggs with a side of hash browns and bacon.  It was pretty decent.  The hash browns weren't too crispy and nothing was too greasy, which is good I suppose.  The service could use some help, but it sucks working the morning shift when only a few old people come in and some smelly bums who just finished working the corner on the freeway.  Not a bad place to go for a quick bite to eat for relatively cheap.
3	I came here after spending some quality time at the Dealership across the street.  This place is kinda homely.   I ate breakfast, and had a skillet.  mm.  it was tasty.  This place is nothing fancy.  Prices are reasonable.  I enjoyed my time here!
2	I really hate giving bad reviews but between the disgusting floater in the restroom, the view of a bum outside my window, and the food that seemed to all come out of a can or a package, there was no getting around giving a 2 star review. I'm all about checking out hole-in-the walls and mom-n- pops shops, you can find some great gems out there, but this not one of them. It's also odd that you think your going o eat a "country" breakfast, and you see egg rolls on the menu. I will however, give props to our sweet waitress who was very nice and gave great service. :) other than that- the experience was not so nice
4	Nothing fancy.  Good food and service & good value.  Excellent biscuit & gravy
4	took my wife there on Saturday morning. it was really good not too pricey and the food was great. the biscuits and gravy was great. homemade is always good.
1	No repeat visit here.  Service was bad and took too long to get our food.  When we got the check it had a total but didn't show how she got the total.  I still think she ripped me off.Food was ok but not good enought to make up for the bad service.
5	I come here ever time I get my oil changed across the street. They are always very nice. The food is good, and prices aren't bad.
4	Perhaps one of my favorite spots to venture for breakfast. This morning's visit was perhaps a little different this my normal visit but it won't keep me from not coming back. The kiddo orders the Cheeseburger Club with fries and he gobbled it down...he's not a picky eater.The mother-in-law wants a fruit bowl, but they don't have any fresh fruit so she settled for the pineapple which is really tasty!The husband orders a Ham and Cheese Melt with fries and it to is pretty tasty.I on the other hand wanted something different so I opted for the All you can eat Catfish. I am pretty sure that it was cod, I settled for fries as their hot vegetable was not ready for the day. I can understand because it was 8am in the morning...and who orders dinner for breakfast...but our family.Service was fast and friend...but the food is nothing special.
4	I like coming here because they give out great two for one coupons! The food is average, but it's breakfast, what more would you expect from a meal you can easily prepare your self! The service is always the same, happy waitresses that understand what it's like to work hard and know that your just hungry and want a no BS meal.  I come here about twice a month and enjoy it every time.
4	This is the classic go-to American restaurant. I love coming here for breakfast. Everything tastes just the way you would expect. The service is fast and friendly. The prices are very good. The restaurant always has plenty of room to sit, which is great when I come here starving and don't want to wait to be seated.
