3	The first two times I went I had a good experience. The first person was a man and he did a very thorough job. The second time I had a thin woman in her 40's maybe? She was so nice. She told me all about her 14 year old son and asked about my children. She took her time and made sure she was neat. She scrubbed my feet for awhile etc. I really liked her so I went back with my sister. We got two different ladies this time and they seemed annoyed! They didn't close until 6 and it was only 4:30 so I'm not sure why they were annoyed. My sisters girl was younger and didnt even remove all of the old polish. She basically just tried to paint over it and when my sister pointed it out she acted irritated to redo it! The woman who did mine cut the sides of my nail so short and even the skin. While she was doing my nails she would hold my toe with her fingernail and it was pinching the hell out of my toe! If I go back, BIG if, I'll request the other woman who was so nice. I can tell when you're disgruntled! I would have tipped well had she not rushed and been impatient. Plus I left with polish all over the sides of my toes and something blue on the back of my legs. That is really not something I can overlook. No matter what the price is!!
1	I'm a sucker for home mailer coupons so I decided to try this salon for a discounted "spa pedicure". My first impression was that it looked a little rundown and not too clean. I was immediately led to a massage chair which looked worn. There was one other customer getting a pedicure when I arrived. The woman who sat down to do my pedicure was pissed off and seemed sick. Yikes! I wanted to leave but she already had my feet soaking in (lukewarm) water (no liner). I wasn't given a menu of pedicure options. She barely looked up at me and just slapped my legs whenever she needed me to move. She coughed into her arm and looked miserable. She also spent most of the time looking angry and yelling in another language at the man who worked there. They were clearly arguing. She rushed through my pedicure and was looking away most of the time. Instead of the relaxing experience, I was stressed out, afraid that she was going to cut me with the nail clippers! The polish was done sloppily and the nails weren't cut straight. She rolled her chair over to work on someone else without even looking at me to acknowledge that she was done. After several awkward minutes I started to get up from the chair. She yelled-"no move!!" Then a sullen young man (teenager?) who'd been standing around came over to put my flip flops on my feet. I walked to the front with him and he stood in front of the register without saying anything. I handed him the coupon and money. No one looked at me or said thanks for coming. That's what I get for trying to save a few bucks! From now on I'll go to my usual place across the street.
