1	Horrid, passive aggressive management, poor construction, WAY overpriced!
2	I lived here.The apartments are really nice inside.  Definitely luxury. The staff totally SUCKS.  They are not responsive, they are stuck up, they are not helpful and they make you feel like you're the unpopular kid in a clique of aging high school preppies.  Like, OMG, don't live here.  Its not worth it.
5	We have only experienced amazing things at this apartment complex.  The staff does more than help you with your residential experience, they befriend you.  Everyone who lives at Yorktown is amazingly nice.  It feels like you are a part of a giant family.  The crowd consists of young families, young singles...skips a few generations...and has a strong retirement presence.  I don't mind, because it's always quiet.  I would however like breakfast to be served a bit earlier, because we young ones have to go to work!  Although that's not too much to complain about, because it's free breakfast every week day. Pretty darn awesome.  The landscaping is pristine.  There are illuminated pathways that allow you to walk your dog at night and still feel safe.  The location is super convenient to shopping and  dining in the west side.  There are enough giant trees and nature to make you feel tucked away in your own privacy.  The yorktown estates is luxury living and I can't imagine living anywhere else.
5	Breakfast now served an hour earlier at 7am. Woohoo for omelets!!!
1	(I never write a negative review unless I have exhausted all efforts to speak with ownership/management)I would have liked to at least given another star because the actual apartments themselves are quite nice and the property it sits on is great. My problem stems from something that was a very jarring experience and borderline unethical. My wife and I had lived there for a year and moved to a different location by the square. After we had the place professionally cleaned and moved out, we had the customery check-out with one of the Yorktown staff. I attended the walkthrough of the apartment so I could document the whole process (I kept hearing horror stories of shady landlords so I didn't want to chance it, didn't matter...). We had the thorough walk through and checked off everything that could be reported, and it was nothing out of the ordinary: couple of nail holes in the wall, some carpet fraying, dusty shelving, etc.  Everything else was marked off as in great condiditon. I mention that because we specifically marked off that the carpet was in great condition and there were no odors (that was a segment on the form).Weeks later, we get a bill to have the carpet replaced. I was extremely confused, they stated there were pet stains all over the carpet and that they had to even seal the base below the carpets. It was so bad that the odors had to be aired out. All lies! I even walked through the whole apartment and signed off on a walkthrough with a member of the staff. I refuted it and they eventually took us to court.They brought a lawyer and I was not matched to deal with the lawyer and the judge. I contended that they were lying and even kept the wlakthrough form with their signature. The judge was a extremely shady and said "I've worked with these people and they wouldn't lie" and awarded them the full amount. Such BS!  I still have all the documents and pictures showing that there was nothing wrong with the carpet. Unfortunately, we were saddled with debt and couldn't afford to appeal and hire a lawyer so we paid. I'm thinking of starting a website against this property management and posting all the documents.I suspect that they wanted to upgrade the carpets to keep up with their "luxury" descriptor and had us pay for the upgrade. So just a warning to future renters, it doesnt matter if they had the walk through and found nothing wrong. II think if they want to replace or upgrade something, they may not be incredibly truthful in getting to it.
