5	Was heading to another bar/club in the circle and we had saw that Quadz was finally open. We had been waiting for the opening for awhile and were excited to see what was inside. We are so glad we did. Loved the experience. First the decor was modern and sexy. Lighting was perfect. Pool tables, Dart boards, music machine on the wall to play your favorite updated music, sexy little metal tables for sitting and socializing, the bar was dark and sexy and tv's all around. We came in on musical night so the crowd was great and singing their favorite music movie clips on the tv. Amazing energy, fabulous ambience, some of our favorite bartenders(Jason from Snicks). We are out mostly 5 days a week visiting all the bars/clubs supporting the venues and gay community of Las Vegas. We have been back again the following night. And we will continue to keep coming back, we loved the vibe and experience so much. Out with the old staple of Vegas(The Buffalo), and in with the New(Quadz)!!!!! This place is going to be Insane, once everyone knows they are open!!!! A must see in Vegas if you love great times, great drinks, and amazing people!!!
4	Very cool yet laid back and chill!! Turned 21 this weekend and was here around 1:30-2:30pm on a Saturday and being from LA it was definitely slow and very low key compared to the LA gay scene. But that being said it was nice and relaxing like very chill and low key but yea kinda slower and not quit the bar place to be if you are a connoisseur  for drinking. Anyways had a good time and enjoyed ourselves (my partner and I) out bartender who was like the only guy working was very cool and nice. He is from long beach we live right next door in Carson CA so that was kinda cool. Anyways would definitely come here again next time I come to Vegas and just wanna chill and kinda get away from the main touristy Strip area... Very inexpensive and chill
4	I always have a great time at this bar. I went out to the other gay clubs and always end up here. It is a smaller bar and does not have a dance floor.I am not sure what drink specials they normally have but I know every time I have been the drinks are cheap. I also love that they have a juke box to play all the songs I want to hear.  I also think the place is open 24/7 but not sure.
5	Friendliest bar in Vegas, if you're looking for attitude, go somewhere else, the staff is super awesome, and the atmosphere is like having a party at your besties house, "we're not here to judge, we reveal, and heal" Love it!
