5	Dr Bob is the best!  Super Friendly and easy going!  He is knowledgable and understanding.  He talks and doesn't rush you out the door!  VERY recommended.
1	This is a terrible doctors office. The PA that I saw misdiagnosed me on the first visit. I saw the Dr on the second visit and I was misdiagnosed again. I ended up having to use the internet to figure out what I had. They will not listen to anything you have to say and will jump to their own conclusions even if your health history does not match their diagnostic. Stay away from this place for your own health.
4	I made an appointment with Dr. Tognacci on the recommendation of a friend.  Previously, I had terrible service with previous physicians and was extremely wary to try another.  I had a number of items I wanted to discuss and did not appreciate the "revolving door" approach of other practices.  Dr. Tognacci did NOT take this approach.  He patiently discussed all my concerns and if he didn't know the answer off the top of his head, he did thorough research to competently answer my concerns.  I never felt like I was on the clock and when my time was up, he would rush out the door.  He was relaxed and listened to my concerns.  He treated me as an equal in the decision-making process.  And when I left, made sure that I had the needed prescriptions and plenty of samples.  I was extremely relieved to find a healthcare provider with this level of service.  Highly recommended!
4	I've seen a couple of the NP and Dr T at the practice and I've always been pleasantly surprised. They will actually listen to you and try to help the issue. I've been to other doctor's office where you have the what seems to be inevitable long way for your "appointment time" and then the doc comes in for about 2 mins tops to see you and is gone before I can ask all my questions. I find this is not the case here. Dr T for being the actual doc really takes his time to listen/answer your questions. I'd recommend them! I now live far away from the office (about 40 mins) but I have still make it a point to go their office.
1	Up until my last visits in the last year, my experiences were great. Since the addition of Dr. Par, not so good. Dr. Par did not listen to my concerns, was down right condescending. So I chose only to see Dr. Tognacci. While he is a great listener, I am not comfortable anymore. His office allowed a medication to not renew that I would need to be weened off of. Completely unethical! I'm being held hostage after lady at office 6 months ago. I am now looking for a new doctor.
5	Been going here for a few years. Dr. T is great. Has helped me get my diabetes under great control and listen to my concerns. He is willing to work with me instead of tell me what to do. I am grateful for his help and treatment.
1	Beware! This office wont refill medications such as clonazepam. They just made a new "office policy" that they need you to schedule for a office visit every time. What a great money maker...  Also, if you have a decuctable to meet make sure they are going through your insurance. As my son had two office visits at $100 and our decuctable is still the same. When I mention it to them they said we could be credited with our next office visit. I don't think so... we won't be going back!! Ps. Watch out for their PA, she's not that competent.
1	*****************stay far away from this medical office if dr.t is not there******. i have a paralyzed right arm & horribly agonizing painful left arm & back from accident.  i am still determined to write this no matter how hard it is for me to write so i can warn you!!!!  i went to the office for the pain-not narcotics , and was verbally abused by nikki the office. she did my vital without even looking or speaking to me once. then left me in the office and slammed the door-hard.***********.  it gets worse the nurse  np  paula yelled at me and even cursed at me twice. never looked or listened to me. i will continue this later as the pain is unbearable.  these two women are so cruel and unprofessional...when dr t is not at the office. i started to cry after enduring approx 1/2 hour of insults . i had mentioned to paula -np my husband was suppose to join me for this visit but was delayed in surgery(this was only time she even acknowledged me) and said "big deal i'm sure i know more than him"  i did nothing to instigate this treatment. i was in a happy & pleasant mood on arrival but left in tears..without any help.i did manage to record much of this on my phone as evidence.take care of yourselves and only see dr.tognacci. please.  these are some dangerous women and will only causeyou more problems & sadness           respectfully, kirsten.
5	Thanks goodness my friend referred my to Dr. Tognacci.  I realized I had left one of my medications at home and it is one of those meds that has to have a written prescription and can only be filled every 30 days.  Such a pain even when you are in town, but it's the law. Dr. T and his staff were able to squeeze me in for a visit same day, they reached out to my doctor in SD and arranged for a partial refill that I was able to fill within a mile of the office.  Saved!  Thank you Dr. T!
1	Do not come here. I have been a patient of Dr. T's for the past six years. The office has been decent, at best, but I have always given them the benefit of the doubt. But after several major mistakes and my current experience, I am done with this office. The other reviews that are negative are correct, this office does not refill important prescriptions without first coming in again. I even called in dire pain and I was told there was no space in the schedule and Dr T had denied my request for a refill of a needed medication. I can't believe a doctor would allow one of his patients to be in such horrible pain. I called another doctor I used to see and he willingly called in my needed medication to get me out of pain. Stay away from Grand Canyon-Nicky the nurse is rude and incompetent. Do yourself a favor and look around before coming here. Don't put yourself through the frustration.
