4	Some things are the same no matter where you go.   The Courtyard by Marriott is one of them.   Yes, the Courtyard hotels are all cookie cutter copies of one another.   From the Northeast to the South and even out West, the Courtyards are the same. This one seems to be fairly new and everything seems to be in good working order.   Currently they are remodeling the top two floors, but they only work during short hours during the day.   Two major bonuses for this Courtyard are free Wi-Fi and and even a free use of the PC they have in the lobby with printer!   How cool is that?   Like most Courtyards, this location offered a breakfast buffet.   It was convenient but nothing to write home (or write to YELP) about.   If you just want to grab something and go, that's a fine way to have breakfast.   At least the food was fresh and the dining room was clean.They can be a little on the pricey side, but at least you know what you are getting when you stay there.   If I have to return to Phoenix / Scottsdale again, I'd consider going back there.
4	I talked to this guy and told him I live down the street and I needed somewhere to go for the night. Since it wasnt a trip they gave me a better deal.When you book here there are many different rooms. The one I got was a 1 bedroom and it had a private outdoor jacuzzi! It was like your own porch and your own backyard. It came with a free breakfast at thier restaurant wich was very good too. I only paid like 120 for the night. Super private, super nice, and they have hamocks all over the place to chill in.
3	Stayed on the 3rd floor in a suite for a couple of weeks.  I liked the close proximity to Oldtown, laundry was on my floor, breakfast was decent, and staff very friendly.  The hotel was kept clean and for the most part provided very gracious service.I would stay here again.
5	Great hotel, very clean. The hotel is very quiet and the rooms are a nice size. I was upgraded to a suite, which is basically two rooms connected together. The hotel is close to a lot of shopping and wonderful restaurants. There is a very large mall about a mike away that offers a regular mall experience along with some upscale shopping.
2	The only reason this hotel gets 2 stars is because the beds were very cozy and the food was yummy.  They also kept it clean, but that's kind of a mandatory basic.The service is really what brings the rating down.  They gave away my suite even though I pre-checked in and they said it would be ready soon.  Not to mention, I had my reservation in place for a good 5 months in advanced.  It wouldn't have been so bad at that point.  Hey, mistakes happen.  I get it.  However, they did a poor job at rectifying the mistake.The front desk had horrible communication problems.  Even the one nice girl who tried to be helpful didn't seem properly trained and kept throwing her co-workers under the bus for the mistake instead of taking responsibility (poor team work, come on people) and just making it right.In the end (after WAY too much negotiating on my part) they gave me a different room, which I had to pay over $100 extra per night (which they tried to tell me is the best discount their manager will allow). I said I should at least get free breakfast for this crap and they FINALLY decided they could let me have 1/2 off (gee thanks).  This whole process took at least an hour and a half of talking to them and getting on the phone with their manager etc.  After a day of traveling and a HUGE wad of money that I put down expecting a luxurious care-free vacation, it's kinda the last thing anyone wants to have to deal with, ya know?I had a great trip in the end but would not stay here again in fear of what could go wrong the next time.  I'm still a fan of marriott in general but here, the manager needs to better train their front desk staff.
3	Slow Internet, awful parking, but the staff is really nice and helpful.  This location is definitely for the vacationer and not the business traveller.  I swear it's he lobby is full of folks in shorts, tshirts and comfortable shoes.  I feel like a loser.  This is Scottsdale, AZ and the weather is GREAT and I am working.  I am going to try to go running at Pinnacle Peak Park which is about 20 minutes away from the hotel.  This is an effort to pretend I am on vacation.
2	From what one of their employees told me, they give away peoples rooms all the time. I'd know, this happened to my friends and I.  And to make up for it, they'll act like it's NBD. The word incompetence comes to mind when describing the hotels manager and employee that gave up our room AFTER we checked in. How does that work you might ask? I have no clue. Just saying...
3	I am torn in writing this review.  I want to first say the staff was nice and helpful and the hotel was nice, clean and a good location since we were there for spring training and we were close to the stadium we needed to go to.   The problem we are having is that we called before we booked the vacation package through the agent we used.  We wanted to make sure  they had handicap rooms with two beds.  This is something we do all the time since we need to have two beds.  If the hotel says they only have a king then we don't book with them.  The hotel staff assured us that they had a two bed handicap room.   So we called back the agent and booked the hotel with handicap room.  When we go there they didn't have this room and the first night we stayed in a room with two beds but the bathroom was so small it couldn't be used by the handicap person who was on the trip.  The next day they moved us to the handicap room and brought in a roll away bed which worked but it wasn't what we paid for.   After the trip when we got back and talked to the agent and the long and the short of it was we did get some money back from the trip.   The bottom line was that we did have a nice time at the hotel.
4	Really Nice inside... not your typical Courtyard.Had a bit of The W feel but it was bright and airy inside.The rooms were really nice and the bed was super comfy.Also, the bathroom.... the sink is outside from the shower and toilet.... which makes it easier for 2 people to use the bathroom at the same time.They also offer complimentary WiFi which is very convenient.I didn't get to enjoy the cafe downstairs but it looked good.The front desk folks were nice and efficient.  Got the 4 of us and our 3 rooms organized and checked-in in a matter of minutes.
2	Was not at all impressed with this hotel.While the lobby is renovated, the rooms are extremely dated. The wifi was completely worthless - when I could actually connect I wasn't able to actually get on the internet. The staff wasn't overly polite. My favorite moment came on Monday morning when there was a bus making it near impossible for a about 6 cars to get out of the parking lot, including my own. When I asked a member of the staff how long the bus would be sitting there, the answer I received was a plain, "Maybe about 10 minutes." I guess anyone who has to go to work is just out of luck.The only reason the place is getting the second star is because of the location - it's a couple quick blocks from Old Town. Outside of that, I'd suggest staying anywhere else.
4	Had to be here for work this weekend. The lobby and conference room I was in was very nice- always had coffee or water to drink. Everybody was extremely nice and went out of their way to say hello and ask if they could help with anything. I wish I had the money to stay here, but maybe in the future! I'd recommend it!
2	Rooms are clean.  Unfortantly staff double charged my credit card and messed up my weekend plans.. Manager did not offer solution just that Person was new and made a mistake.  Now I must wait 5 days to get my money back.
2	Okay, so normally I like Courtyard hotels a lot!This one would get only one star, but it's super close to Old Town, and the front office staff is rad.Everything else though, it blahThere was blood on one of the pillowcases, so we just took that pillow off of the bed.Then we noticed another spot of blood on the sheet near the head of the bed... and then another one on the blanket.Pretty gross.The bathroom area is nothing special.The pool is pretty small, and there are only about 15 chairs for the entire hotel-- we were lucky to grab two because some people were leaving when we got there, but there were quite a few people who didn't get chairs and had to go back inside.If you just want a hotel for proximity to Old Town, this is it!But if you want a hotel for the comfort and amenities, I suggest you go elsewhere.
4	This is home away from home on the bulk of my visits to Phoenix/Scottsdale.  It's business travel so this hotel meets company spending guidelines.  That aside,  Courtyard Scottsdale Old Town is similar to others I've stayed at across the country.  It underwent a lobby renovation a few years ago and that helped immensely!  Prior to that, the lobby/dining area was drab and depressing.  I used to dread my visits here!  The update left the hotel entrance with a bright, airy feel to it.  Unfortunately, it doesn't appear that the rooms have been similarly updated.  While not terrible, they could use a facelift, as well.However, what makes this Courtyard is its front desk staff.  As several other reviewers have commented, they really are awesome!  One young lady, in particular, is exceptional.  No matter how long it's been between my stays (sometimes at least a year has passed) she ALWAYS remembers me and greets me warmly.  Of course, as I'm typing my review I realize I don't even know her name to give her proper credit.  D'oh!  Anyway, it's touches like these that really make me feel like a valued guest.  It is appreciated and results in an extra star for an otherwise 3 star hotel.
5	LOVE staying at this Marriott Courtyard. It is our home away from home whenever we visit Scottsdale from Tucson. Usually we are in Scottsdale because of a club called BS West, which is literally minutes from the hotel. The staff is always super nice. The rooms are really clean and anything you need, they are always accommodating. For example, we were pre-partying before heading to the club and we forgot a bottle opener for the wine. We called the front desk for assistance and they offered to open it for us...they saved the night! We will always stay here, not only for their location but because of the friendliness of the staff.
4	I have to give kudos, in this hell fury heat the temperature on air is so perfect in the rooms unlike tempestuous central aired locations!Quiet and in a great area, close enough to my meetings this location is really nice - thanks to an employee named Tiffany who's smile and customer service offset the start of my stay.
4	As a business traveler I enjoy nothing more than consistency so a majority of my hotel stays are at Marriott Courtyard properties. This Marriott property is one of the better ones. One ding to my 3 night stay was that the in room AC unit was noisy.On to the plusses: * Very friendly and competent staff. I had a large box delivered and at check in the staff member immediately recognized my name and said there's a package waiting for you. Not a big deal you think? Well at another hotel the staff temporarily misplaced my FedEx box with about $7K of computer gear.* Clean comfortable rooms, decent WiFi, and a very comfortable bed* Coffee available before the Starbucks opens for early risers. I don't do room coffee.* Starbucks..very friendly staff and if you order breakfast they will deliver it you as you sit outside enjoying the cool AM. Also surrounding the pool area there are comfortable chairs and shady sitting areas to enjoy your morning coffee. * The large, clean, fully equipped fitness center was a big plus. If only the other Courtyards had the same setup....* Location! 10 minute drive to my client and a short walk to the Old Town restaurants.I will definitely be returning to this property on my next visit.
5	I have become very familiar with this hotel as I stay there for work when I pass through Phoenix, and also as a leisure traveler. My job puts me in hotels about 25% of the year so I have become familiar with the good, the bad, and the ugly of many hotel chains. As a former business owner I place a high value on customer service as well.This Courtyard has got to be in the top three of all the places I have stayed when it comes to customer service. The staff is extremely friendly(and not in a fake way), and I have really only had one very small, isolated experience there where an employee could have been just a bit more congenial.The food served in house is very good. The location also provides numerous options within walking distance in both directions. As for the hotel itself, the level of cleanliness in the rooms is excellent, and very consistent. Beautiful clean pool and workout room with a hot tub on the side as well. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to every one seeking a nice hotel in a great location offering great value for your money.
