4	I crave Conicella's.  It's a little hole-in-the-wall place, and there's not much of a menu, but oh man, the pizza is just terrific.  Tons of cheese, a fair amount of grease (hey, I never said I was a health nut), spicy pepperoni, delicious sauce and even decent crust, which I never seem to be able to find anywhere.  A large pizza will run you about $10 and will feed three hungry people.  Delivery is lightning-fast, or you can stop in and grab your pie.  There's nowhere to sit, and I'm not sure whether they take credit cards, but the pizza is totally worth a trip to the ATM across the street in any case.
4	Ever think back to your early 20s?  You know, when you were single and had your first apartment?  When you did your own budgeting and your own grocery shopping for the first time?  Ever look back at the neighborhood you lived in & the places you went?  Me, I lived in Greenfield from the time I was 23 up 'til I got married at age 27.  I used to satisfy my pizza cravings here and I remember it being great pizza at an absolutely hole-in-the-wall place.  I'm proud to say, it hasn't changed a bit. Rick and I just wanted some takeout for dinner and since I was looking back at some of my old reviews, I thought we'd check out Conicella once again.M-m-m-m!  Greasy, yummy, bad-for-you pizza!  We ordered the white pizza with sausage, hot peppers & mushrooms on it.  Terrific!  Especially if you're like me and you fold your slice as you eat it.  I know my Chicago friends are cringing at the thought of eating it that way!
5	Place like this are why yelp is great.  Having tried every pizza in a 10 mile radius we decided to give this place a shot.  It sure as hell doesn't look like much but we ordered for delivery and let me tell you there is a reason this place survives.I have to say this i some of the best pizza around.  My wife got sausage and it was great.  The peperoni was pretty good but get the sausage and you won't be disapointed.The food arrived promptly and hot.  This si our new go to pizza place.
4	With no menu to be found online we took a gamble and called in an order for a large sausage and mushroom pizza and a chef salad. I went to pick it up so I could check the place out and it was just a solid little pizza place(no seating) with friendly people. The pizza was very good, I highly recommend the sausage. The salad was not exceptional but solid. Total bill came out to $17 even and with a free 2liter of coke. It's a great alternative to the delicious but pricey Murray Ave pizza shops.
5	Awesome pizza and very nice people!  Glad I ordered from them! Will be returning. I also had the steak hoagie, was delicious!
4	We've lived in greenfield for a little over a year and hadn't been to this place yet. My husband and I were in the mood for a white pizza and decided to give this place a shot. The place was tiny and charming with old pictures and articles on the walls - there's no room to sit - take out or delivery only. The price is right (paid $13.50) for a white pizza with ricotta cheese added and it was delicious. My only suggestion would be for them to carry a few more topping options (we asked for chicken but they didn't have it). Otherwise, a fantastic place for local pizza and we'll definitely order from there again.
5	I know it's a big deal to announce this in Pittsburgh but after living here for 4 years and eating my way around the east end options I am ready to announce my absolute favorite pizza. Here it is. And is everything a pizza place should be. It is the best cheese, best sauce, best grease, and best dough I can have delivered to my door. I am so happy its right in my neighborhood.  Sausage, olive, pepper is the way to go. Damn. It's great delivery too, always smoking hot. I am not talking specialty pizza or fancy smancy cooking styles. I am talking the type of pie your mom and dad ordered on a friday night after giving up on cooking. And it is familiar and delicious.
5	Hands down best pizza I've ever had. I grew up with it and every time I moved around the city I will still drive out of my way to pick this up for dinner. It's all about the cheese mix and nice thick crust mmm their pizza bagels are another favorite of mine also
3	Solid, inexpensive pizza. It's our go-to when we're looking for something quick and tasty. The chicken parmesan is made with frozen store-bought chicken patties... obviously not as good as fresh (or worth 4 stars), but still delicious.
3	I'm surprised by all the great reviews of the pizza. The one time I got pizza here, it was  . . . pizza. Kind of bland, kind of greasy, not any better than any other pizza I've had in my life! We did get the white pizza -- maybe that was the problem?The calzones, on the other hand, are AMAZING. Delicious perfection. Nice and greasy and with a good fillings-to-crust ratio (I don't like a lot of crust!). The place itself has a cool hole-in-the-wall kind of vibe. There's nowhere to sit inside, but they do deliver. Oh, and they're cash only, but there's an ATM across the street.
