5	Fair prices, great  people working there. I have had a  wonderful experience every time I go. The technicians cater to exactly what you want and want to ensure you enjoy your visit.
1	I came here for the first time since the salon by my house was closed for the day. While I really enjoyed the atmosphere and everyone seemed friendly, the woman doing my nails was not. The pedicure was alright, but the manicure she did was terrible! Once she was finished and I had been at the hand dryer, I looked at my nails and noticed that she painted over my cuticles. Every single one. Some nails had half the cuticles still there with paint over. She had already moved to another customer so I just showed another technician the sloppy work. They asked if I wanted a redo so I agreed. I was hoping for a different technician since, but no such luck. The woman started doing my nails over with an attitude saying things like "We wouldn't want you to walk away mad." "Oh how is that *now*" "Are you suuuuure you like it??" Ugh. She finished and the cuticles are still half gone but now she's cut parts of my finger. I could have done much better myself. From now on I'll just stick to the salon by my house. This was one of the worst manicures I've ever had.
5	It was my first visit at Vogue and ill definitely return!  This is one of the best mani/pedis I've had and the staff was very friendly and funny. The atmosphere was fabulous as well!
1	******DO NOT, I REPEAT DO NOT GO TO THIS ESTABLISHMENT*******I went to this nail spa on a recommendation from a friend.  She must have had a good experience; although I DID NOT!The lady who done my nails was very rude and abrupt.  I had to ask her several times to take it easy because she was hurting my fingers.  Once I got home I notices a lot of imperfections with the service I received.  The acrylic was sloppy and so was the polish application.  I called the establishment to speak to the manager.  The lady who answered the phone would not give me the owners name.  When I asked her why she said, "Well he may not want to speak to everyone!"  Wow...  So I said, "He is an owner but doesn't want to speak to his customers?"  Her reply was yes ma'am!Customer Service Classes are definitely needed!!!!!
1	As a result of my last visit I am convinced that some of the employees shouldn't be working in a service establishment.I don't even care to relay the whole experience verbatim, but after being a somewhat consistent customer (for over a year) I will not be returning again.
5	Great people fair prices and above all for me, super clean and sanitary! The staff here are friendly and will talk with you versus talking to each other in another language the whole time. I am going to recommend this place to all my friends. I just moved here so I am happy to find such a great nail place in no time!
3	Although I never get my nails done here because im a licensed nail tech and I do my own nails, I do frequent this salon often to get my eyebrows waxed by Judy, she is great! The salon is very nice and the decor is upscale.  They also seem to be very clean as far as sanitation goes and trust me by being a fellow nail tech I pay attention to everything.  The only reason I gave them only 3 stars was due to the fact that Ive never received nail services here.
5	Yen is great with the gel manis! ALWAYS perfected and never anything less. I've gotten her through a walk in and now I make appointments with her every time. It never chips or fails! The salon overall is a very positive vibe, professional, and I can say the best nail salon in charlotte, NC.
5	First time since my other salon closed down & must say I was very pleased. The  salon was very neat,clean & organized. I had an appointment & did not have to wait to be serviced so that was a plus. . I came in for a fill in w/ gel polish & although the prices were just a tad higher than what I was used to paying, it was worth it! Not only was my nail tech friendly & conversational, but she took her time with my nails..made sure I was happy with the fill in even before applying the polish. She did a wonderful job & made me feel that my opinion mattered & that I was satisfied with what I paid for. I read some complaints from others on here but I fortunately I did not get that feeling & it I guess it depends on who provides the service. Great service, highly recommend & will be coming back.
