3	Tasty dumplings and nice variety. Not so much English speakers, or daft beers.
2	Dumplings, seem to be a new fad amongst the Montreal Asian Cuisine scene. Oh Dumplings, located in the heart of china town, is a new comer to the scene. Large interior, well lit, and open. It has a certain more touristy feel than the other dumpling offerings in the area. The menu is wider than the competition, offering typical western, and less western Chinese faire and powered bubble tea along with it's dumpling selections. The dumplings, filling is generous, the liquid has good flavour, but the skin is abit doughy and thicker than I prefer.  For the price point it's competitive, unfortunately, if I'm already in the neighborhood and wanting dumplings, I'd rather just go to Mai Xiang Yuan or Quin Ha. Oh Dumplings! has great potential, but needs to focus.
2	The food was GREAT, and the portions were generous. If I was writing this review based solely on the quality of the food, I would rate it a four or five star restaurant.However, after our experience this weekend, I have to say that I am not impressed with the wait staff.No one came to greet us; someone pointed to a table as we entered and otherwise we had to sit and wait a few minutes for menus and water. The restaurant was half empty. When we tried to order any kind of drinks, the waiter, at first, tried to tell us that they were out (of beer, and coke, which REALLY seemed fishy) until I tried to order a bubble tea and he said "No, drink water. We're too busy to bring drinks right now." Okay well, that's a loss on their part, but we were a little confused considering half of the tables were empty.We were hungry and decided to shrug it off. When it was finally my turn to order, I tried to order their fried potato pancake, and was told, once more, that they were too busy and that it took too long to make, so they weren't serving that today. Frustrated, I flipped through the menu to try to find something else to order......and the waiter smacked my shoulder because I was taking too long to find something to eat, after being told twice in a row that I couldn't order what I wanted because they were too busy.I don't care who you are, or how busy your restaurant is at that moment, but there is NEVER a reason to touch your customer, let alone smacking them and telling them that they're taking too long to order. It didn't hurt, but it was incredibly rude, and needless to say, none of us left a big tip.The food was really the only shining star in this place; the dumplings that I ended up ordering were absolutely delicious, as was the chicken that my friend ordered. If it wasn't for how rude, pushy and inattentive the waiter was, we would have had an awesome experience. Hopefully it's a little less restrictive on a quieter night!
2	Oh Dumplings! is Montreal's newest dumpling venue attempting to wrestle the top spot from Mai Xiang Yuan. Rather large and situated in a fairly good location right on Clark, the decor is new and even decent with a pseudo open kitchen and big windows letting in tons of light.  Everything seemed pretty clean, but that could have just been the fact that it is new. Only time will tell.It appears as though they've given some thought to marketing and branding.  They already have a website and according to the QR codes and Icons plastered on the front door they are all over the Web 2.0 sites including Yelp. Sadly with a quick review of their menu it's apparent that their marketing budget didn't include a spell checker.  They could have gotten a bit more creative with the food photos. From the outside dumplings look more or less the same, so the single isolated dumplings seemed a bit silly to me.A nice try I suppose with all the marketing collateral, but restaurant's need to also consider service and of course the food.  Other reviewers seemed to have problems with the service, but I found it OK.  Granted we were the only customers at the time. By the end of the meal I could have used more water but all in all that's about par for the course in Montreal.Finally, on to the food. When I glanced at the prices I seriously considered walking out and just going to Mai Xiang Yuan.  Expect to pay two or three dollars more per dish than the aforementioned restaurant.  Others mentioned the rather thick skin on the dumplings and yeah they are some thick skins.  I've eaten a lot of dumplings both here and in China and never have I had dumplings with such thick skin.  To their credit, each dumpling was absolutely stuffed with filling.  It was a sickeningly sweet filling unfortunately.  I can only guess that they've made the filling a bit sweet in an attempt to cater to Western palates, but it sort of ruined them for me. Tellingly I actually left a couple dumplings on the plate, I just couldn't stomach any more dough or sweet filling.Clearly somebody poured a bucket load of money into establishing a brand. Unfortunately they spent way too much time fiddling with the marketing and not nearly enough time nailing down the food.  Hands down Mai Xiang Yuan has better dumplings at better prices. Oh Dumplings! has a lot of work to do if they want to be a serious contender in the Montreal dumpling wars.
4	We liked it here and rating based on what we ordered for lunch.  Pork cabbage dumplings served 15 per order is enough to share for 2-3 people.  Hand made in plain view of the dining room so you know it's fresh.  None in our order were broken or leaking the tasty juices.The beef stew noodles was really good...neatly arranged ingredients presented the big bowl very nicely.  When in Chinatown, don't hesitate to stop in.
3	I was shocked to see mai Xiang Yuan was closed for renovations when I was going for my dumpling fix. So we noticed this place Oh Dumplings which was new and clean looking but just a couple of people inside.I ordered 2 dumplings, one friend one boiled, potato strips and sechuan(La giji) spicy chicken. I specifically asked the lady if the chicken was done like in china. She told me yes it was. I even spoke to her in chinese so that she knows that I knew my chinese food. Guess not!!!!!The chicken was not even close to the real thing. It was more like Kung Pao chicken. Which was not bad but not what I wanted!!!One the other hand the potato strips were really good and the only dish that I really liked. Now the dumplings which was the reason I was there were not bad. But whats more important than anything for me is also the spice!!! I must say that this restaurant has the worst spice I ever had in a chinese restaurant!!!! It was horrible and totally killed the dumplings which were not bad. It had a bad smell and was a killer to the dumplings. Mai Xiang Yuan on the other hand has the best chilly spice outside of china. I offered to buy some from him buy he refused.So i was not sure if I should give a 2 or 3 star for tonight??? Service was OKFood OKSpice horribleWould I go back?? As long as mai Xiang Yuan is there, I think not!!!SORRY!!!
2	I went into Oh Dumplings! because it was the new kid on the block, and I wanted to have an open mind about its offerings. I actually felt like I was cheating on my regular dumpling place, Mai Xiang Yuan. I am absolutely impressed by the consistency of past reviews, most of which say the same thing.  I'm not going to rehash everything they said, so I'll post a point-form review for those who are short on time. Pros: - Generous amount of filling in the dumplings- new, bright, clean restaurant. Lots of seating.Cons: - Prices are 20-30% higher than Mai Xiang Yuan for comparable ingredients. (I stopped in the foyer to check out the menu before sitting down and, well, Chris B. said it best: "When I glanced at the prices I seriously considered walking out and just going to Mai Xiang Yuan")- Taste isn't as good- Their take-out soy sauce is pre-flavoured with chili. If you don't like the heat, you're kind of SOL. Thankfully, Sushi Shop gave me a container of soy sauce.- Typos and errors on brand new menus, poorly thought out photos don't really deliver- I saw a lady preparing dumplings (not the ones I ordered) by hand, but she was definitely doing them in bulk. I can't know if my dumplings were prepared fresh or if they were previously frozen. I went, I tried, I will stick with Mai Xiang Yuan. (drool)Finally, I paid with cash and the cashier/server did not enter the transaction in the cash, despite having charged me tax. Turning a key on the cash drawer instead of punching anything into the register is a sign of a crooked business all around. Can't support that. I won't support that.
4	Great dumplings. I was impressed. Visiting from Vancouver, it was a treat to stumble across this place.
1	If I could put 0 stars I would.  terrible service, overpriced, shitty food, and small portions.  With far better dim sum places right around the corner you would think they would be motivated to compete.  The branding and logo makes it look interesting, but that is where it ends.  The waiters are barely interested to help.  We watched several tables have to get their own cutlery and yell to get the waiters attention,,, and it wasn't busy at all.I am almost convinced it is a front, because no one seems to care about the food or the service.
5	We stopped in here on a whim and bit were we happy when we left! The dumplings were amazing--fresh, juicy and perfectly pan fried. We also had the beef brisket soup and the spicy cold noodle salad. Both were excellent and I would recommend them. However, be warned, the noodles are very spicy. The service was good--the waitress was attentive, but didn't hover. We will definitely come here again.
5	Love it! Get the Shallot pancake and and order or dumplings. My suggestion is the Pork and Chive dumplings fried. Check out the Bar upstairs Luwan, Very Cool!
2	We were at Chinatown and stopped in for some dumplings. The dumplings were made fresh but lack varieties. As for the service, this place is bad. We were shopping and walked in with what we bought from the bakery nearby. Two waiters came by and said no outside food allowed.  We weren't eating the baked goods but were looking at them. Telling us once was enough but twice, come on. We ordered tripe salad, chicken dumplings, and pork dumplings. The dumplings were great but their dipping sauce sucks for dumplings...on the table were soy sauce, black vinegar, and chile oil. No fresh grated gingers and red vinegar dipping like other dumplings houses. When we paid the bill and started to walk out, the waiter stopped us and said tips not included in our bill. We left tips on the table. We always tip no matter what, if your service was it'll be more than 15%. No water refill, no coming by to ask if we needed anything else and yet told us tip is not included in our bill. If I was the owner, I would retrained my staffs to let the service speaks for itself if you want tips.
3	Stopped in for a late lunch.  Was  impressed by the cleanliness which is not typical of a majority of restaurants in Montreal's Chinatown.  Although it was not overly busy, 2 servers and 4 tables with customers, I had to wait almost 15 minutes before my server made eye contact and came over to the table to take my order.  Had the fried vegetables appetizer and beef with coriander pan-fried dumplings for my main.  The veggies were a litle overdone and when the dumplings came almost 5 minutes after I had finished my veggies, I thought finally and was moderately impressed.  After finishing , I walked up to the counter to pay and the server looked at me like he didnt recognize me.  I could have walked out and not paid but I took great satisfaction in telling him I wanted to pay my bill. Not bad but not that great either.
3	Pretty decent dumplings. The pork, shrimp and coriander one was what I got. For about $12, I got 15 large dumplings that constituted a light meal (I'm a pig, so I also had some pho down the street to supplement).I found it kind of pricey, but.... *shrug*I felt satisfied, the vinegar was delicious with the dumplings, the dough was rolled out fresh (I stood there and watched her), and it was steamed very nicely.I found that the dumplings were also decent because you could actually taste some small chunks of shrimp in there, unlike some other places where they mince and mash it up so you don't even know what you're eating.That said, aside from the sauce (which I am certain I can buy), I make better dumplings at home even if my wrappers are store bought and frozen and not as good or as fresh. My filling is infinitely better because I put more chunks of shrimp and pork, with water chestnuts.... but for a quick light meal, $12 is a decent price. I have yet to try the other dumpling place everyone is raving about (Mai something or another), so this review may change.Update: Go to Mai Xiang Yuan instead just around the corner. The filling is better (more thicker pieces of shrimp) and much cheaper.
5	Stopped by for dinner while exploring Chinatown. The dumplings are great and the only thing that I didn't like is tha tI wanted to try more of them but I was full. The best one was the pork and shrimp dumpling, I thought those were great.
1	Terrible! They served us reheated dumplings. There was a lady pretending to assemble dumplings but she was just placing the dumplings in a platter. I will never come back here.
3	OK food.
3	Fresh dumplings, good service, looks clean. Nothing spectacular. Decent food. We went there for lunch. The hot pot place (little fat sheep) is a better option if you want to try Chinese food in the area.
3	Its a bit pricey but the dumplings and service are good.
