5	possibly the best Asian Restaurant ever. they have literally all asian food including chinese, japanese (sushi was excellent), thai noodles, and etc. I can not stop talking about this place cuz it's just so tasty and the service was suuuperrr. Even the cocktail drinks are extraordinary!! love it and will definitely come back!
3	Got sushi rolls a number of times - very good (not the very best in town, that would perhaps be the expensive Yellow Fin or Kamakura but better than at KoFusion) and cheap, but only at lunch - evening is a lot more expensive!!!The menu is quite complex - many dishes from multiple Asian cuisines, but I'm always getting sushi. I once tried a Chinese dish - General Tso Shrimp - and it wasn't good... WAY too much sugar in the sauce, as if saying "you guys have no idea of Chinese food, we have to fill you up with excessively sugary sauce"Real sushi, real cheap, and very good (while perhaps not the ideal of everyone). Ratio price:quality when it comes to sushi AT LUNCHTIME, very good. I was served on different occasions by two waiters: the slightly overweight guy is smart and serves well, but a young lady is pushy and speaks AWFUL English - I'm not being mean here, she really can't answer any question you're asking about a dish in the menu and she doesn't even realize she can't understand and becomes rude.
4	Have been here twice since they opened... I love it! The first time I went for dinner, got sushi, tempura vegetables, and miso soup. The miso had a slightly weird taste but wasn't bad. The tempura veggies and sushi were really great and very reasonably priced. Had the spicy scallop and spider roll - both very yummy and large for their decent price.The best part about this place is their incredible lunch special! 2 rolls for $8 or 3 for $10! (This may be a promotion during their opening - on the menu it said 2 for $10 3 for $12). The rolls were the same size as dinner rolls and just as good! Got the Kamikaze, Shrimp Tempura, and Crazy rolls - all were great and it even comes with a ginger salad. Loved the ginger sauce, wasn't too overpowering.Overall loved this place and would recommend it!!!
5	Great food, great service! Hurry before they get discovered and you have to wait for a table.Spicy sushi rolls are spicy - take their word for it. Delicious!The peanut chicken dish has a mild peanut sauce with crispy breaded chicken, but not your typical breading. Whole pieces of chicken are breaded then cooked and then cut into bite-size pieces.The green tea fried ice cream, Asian style, is a must try. It comes in vanilla and chocolate if you are unadventurous. It's not on the menu yet, you have to ask for it. I would ask for mango sauce and forgo the whipped cream, cherry and chocolate sauce.
4	Very nice atmosphere. Small but varied selection. Everything was well done.  Very good deal for lunch.
4	Went to Ginger for lunch, turns out they have a lunch buffet from maybe 11 (i cant remember exactly) until about 1:30pm for only $6.95 a person.  The lunch buffet had a variety of chinese food and a handful of different kinds of sushi rolls.  The chinese food was good, mostly breaded chicken with sweet and/or spicy sauces, some non-breaded chicken that was spiced well, some breaded shrimp, beef on a stick, rice, a couple kinds of soup, potstickers, crab rangoons, and probably a few other things on there.  The sushi included a california, something like a tempura shrimp, something else tempura, and a couple other ones.The waiter was friendly and attentive, everything was tasty, and it was a pretty satisfying lunch.  I'd definitely go back.
4	Gone.Ginger has closed down and is being replaced by yet another generic Asian buffet.I could tell you how much I enjoyed their food, and they knew how to produce great sushi ... But that's a little pointless now.
1	Best as I can figure this either moved or went out of business.  I stopped by for the first time Saturday, 29 Jan 2011, right at 1130 hours and there were four customers waiting on food.  None of the steam tables had anything in them.  It is now called, "EAST BUFFET".  This place is right across the street from Maceys at the mall.  Lunch buffet is U$11.00, if you can get it.
