5	after speaking to several movers, i hired these guys based on their BBB rating. Well, i can see why they have a spotless record. Movers were clean, polite, and punctual. The price came in right on target with the salesman's estimate and they even hauled off all of the trash.Awesome experience. Moving is so stressful and these guys had us settled and moved in in no time. My crew was Bobby and mark.Best mover in Las Vegas
5	Our move to Vegas has been wonderful due to the professionalism of this moving company. They will deliver our household goods this next week and I hope I still can say great things!
4	I have used this moving company for 2 furniture moves and they are very good. They are careful to wrap all of your items to ensure they are not damaged in transit. Also, they cleanup after themselves and take away all the garbage. Very polite. I would definitely suggest them for a local move.
4	Cons: A small scheduling snafu that was quickly resolved. Pros: Other than that, these guys were great! We had to move 2 apts and a storage unit into a house and they made it a breeze. Very professional, quick and expert set up of our beds and other furniture was a big plus. Highly recommended.
3	My wife and I used Red Carpet to move our larger items out of our house into our new house a few weeks ago. I requested a 2 man crew,  you have the option for larger crews, if needed. The movers were very carefull and wrapped our items keeping them from getting damaged druing transport. They were also careful about not damaging parts of the house. They are pretty reasonable, about $120 hour
2	I have had 2 experiences with this company. First was to get a quote for a piece of antique furniture going to a Beverly hills auction house. emails were sent back and forth then suddenly stopped. phone calls were made and were always told that they were busy and would call me back. after a week I got a call back and was told that somehow the emails were suddenly sent to the "spam" file. The second time was when one of their trucks ran into my husbands truck at Turnberry towers and never returned my phone calls or emails.
5	I recently used Red Carpet to move to a new home and had zero problems. In past experiences I've always felt like I have to monitor movers from taking too much time and trying to run up the charges but Red Carpet was quick and all of my valuables were intact. The price was reasonable compared to other movers but the service is what edged them ahead. I didn't have any of the problems with communication that other Yelpers had, in fact I found my service to be above par.
5	There isn't enough good things I can say about this company!!! I was referred to them through a friend and I'm so glad that he did. I desperately needed to do a huge move from Las Vegas to Los Angeles last minute and Luis, I believe was his name, the owner, was just so helpful. He made this move go sooo smooth. Not only were they were on time with their schedule but also they took well care of my furniture. The crew was very professional and you just simply knew that they knew what they were doin :DTHANKS "RED CARPET MOVIN COMPANY"!!! You guys are the best and I will def b gettin in contact with you if I happen to need ur services again!!!
5	I've used Red Carpet movers twice in the past two years- once for my own home and family of 4 and again to move my elderly mother. They were nothing short of professional and honest. They were timely and treated our homes and belongings with respect.  The charged me the exact price they quoted me and there were no surprises either time. They were professional and friendly both in person and on the phone. My mother is hard of hearing and the team they sent to help her was super patient and helpful.  All of our belongings were transported with care and without an ounce of damage.  I couldn't have asked for a better experience.
5	Red Carpet Moving Company is great. I just moved across town and I was very leery of hiring professional movers. My husband talked me into it and all I can say was Wow. They made my moving experience so much easier. The movers were very courteous and professional. The pricing was excellent and well worth it! I will be telling anyone I know that is moving to give them a call!
4	I recently (a month ago) used Red Carpet to move across town and they made moving a lot less hectic! Right from the beginning, communication was great and the price quote was spot on, no surprises when it was time to pay. Out of a 2 bedroom apartment on the second floor to another 2 bedroom apartment on the second floor. If it wasn't for Red Carpet my stuff might not have made it! Those stairs were killer, even for a professional! They moved everything with ease. And I hate to bring this up, but you know when you have something moved or delivered and the guys carrying it into your place seem like they just worked a 20 hour shift lifting heavy things without even knowing what deodorant is? Well not these guys, they are so professional I could have been their 5th customer of the day but I totally felt like I was the 1st!
5	We used Red Carpet back in July 2013 when we moved into a new house.  Because it was our first house, we had several pieces of furniture at multiple locations. Red Carpet was extremely helpful with arranging a schedule that had them driving all over town to pick up something here and there. We had two great guys who were not only very careful and detailed, but they were also very friendly.  We had not a single issue with timing, loading, unloading and payment.  We have already recommended to friends and plan on using them on any future moves.
5	THESE GUYS ARE MY HEROES!!! My family's move was very last minute because the movers my parents hired stood us up. I yelped in search for movers and came across Red Carpet. Dialed and Luiz took my call. He was so nice and understanding about my situation. I called him about 1pm and he dispatched a 2-man team who was finishing a job at the time. They arrived around 4pm to do the job... a great job might I add for a 2-story to another 2-story! Joe and John were amazingly strong and super duper friendly. Props to you guys for working back to back jobs. They finished about 10pm. I absolutely appreciate everything they had done for my family. My parents are getting older and I'm just a petite lady. There was no way we could've done this alone. They made the impossible possible! From the bottom of my heart, THANK YOU LUIZ, JOE & JOHN!P.S. Their red carpet on the loading ramp was just too cute!!
1	Do not use them. If you do, get the additional insurance. They broke my 42" plasma tv, a lamp and my grill. When I called them, Luis said he would "research the paperwork" and call back. He didn't. It's been a month, and I've called twice to follow up only to be told that someone would contact me. Bullshit. These guys are terrible. Go elsewhere.
5	This was a fantastic experience from start to finish.  From the estimator through the last box, this crew was professional, courteous and energetic.  We had a huge move across town so we needed two trucks and four guys.  Albert, Al, John and Josh packed the trucks and unpacked with ease and care.  NOTHING BROKEN. Friendly guys that put in lots of hard work and in quick time.  Always polite and took apart and assembled key items with ease.  Highly recommend this service for all in town moves.  Well done Red Carpet.
5	These guys really rolled out the red carpet for me. 5 star experience from my initial call in to the last load. I said load. He he he he (my Butthead chuckle).I called and got a price that worked for me and scheduled the move for the day and time that worked for me. Nicole, the person who scheduled it all was friendly and knowledgable. She answered my fifty questions because I'm that annoying ass person that wants shit to run smoothly. I even received a confirmation call the day before the move. Cool. Day of move. I scheduled it for 1pm, but the guys have a window in case their morning job runs late. Big note to self: Always schedule a morning move. Period. Zip.12pm I get a call saying the guys should be there by 1:30. What do you know? They were there close to 1pm. Joe and Nick. Both movers were really polite and cool, but as far as the moving goes Joe did twice as much as Nick. No joke. Maybe Nick was the brains and organizing my belongings on the truck. Regardless, Joe was the shit! I anticipated my move to be two hours since I had moved 99% of the boxes to the garage, but it took 2.5 hours. It was 175 degrees out that afternoon so I gotta give them props. The best part is nothing at all was broken! Not even my plants! They did a great job wrapping everything and packing the truck. Mad props.Point is I highly recommend these guys. Yes, you can find cheaper movers, but you get what you pay for. They move your shit proper, son!
5	Wonderful Service!! Moving isn't fun for anyone and these guys made the move so easy and worry-free! They were efficient  and we really didn't have to worry about anything once they showed up!! Would def recommend if you are looking for a reliable moving company!
