3	Okay but not great sushi.
3	This is the McDonalds of Sushi.AND YOU DO KNOW you like those McDonalds fries, right?  RIGHT?  So don't y'all get all hoity toighty on me.The place is owned by THE SWEETEST couple, and if you introduce yourself to them (ok, they're my neighbours) they'll always remember you, and treat you like family.  For me, I love their sushi, but I do have to disclose that I'm a veggie head, so give me spicy veggie tempura (there's something about deep fried food... aah) and I'm in heaven.  And a regular veggie roll is always good.    But if you want something complicated like unagi whatever (Ok, I like saying Unagi 'cause it reminds me of that Ross episode with the "forseeing danger" whatever, and I laugh), then I am not the person to review this.  I have heard that it's not the best (not bad, but not Ginza...) I do have a slight issue with their cost, I find it's a wee bit high given their food.  i.e.  I pay $8 for a veggie roll, when everywhere else (Ginza, etc) it's no more than $5.  But alas, that SVT is REALLY yummy, and given that I live less than a block away, well... its' a great place when I don't want to cook and want to just walk and get take out....
3	Mediocre sushi, that is priced above what it should be at.
4	I actually think that their sushi is pretty decent...few recommendations....the eel sushi is awesome...so is the maki with green onions, shrimp and the spicy sauce. I think their teriyaki as well as the noodles are pretty good. I agree that their priced a little higher than what tey shd be.I actually think that the owner lady seems not so friendly. I'd go here for lunch....def not dinner!
4	My favorite sushi in Madison.I like the atmosphere, and I like the staff.  They are nice, and the sushi isn't too expensive.  Plus you get to watch them make it on a plasma screen tv.
1	No bueno!1. Tough, chewy Hamachi with not so fresh flavor2. Salty and otherwise bland udon soup wih limp, flavorless tempura3. Salmon-skin handroll completely overpowered by way too much shizo leaf.4. Salad with no character and bitter ginger dressingBlech!  Maybe I should have known better than to seek out sushi in Wisconsin?  For the sake of Madison, I hope there's better out there.
3	Very nice staff.  Nice variety of options.  Good food (I'd give it a "B")
5	Great little sushi place worth trying. I'm vegetarian so I can only speak for the vegetarian dishes but its tasty, fresh, and easy.
4	Best sushi and Japanese foods in Madison! I am not Japanese, but I consider myself a Japanese food lover, and I've tasted some authentic Japanese foods in Japan and around the continent.(+):Fresh raw sushi (salmon, hokkigai, tuna) Good teriyaki sauce and great tasting beef (USDA??) Delishhh shrimp tempuraPerfect sushi rice (they are sweet and sour and they stick together like what sushi rice should be, unlike on some other Jap restaurants in Madison).Cute place, with free shows of how they make your sushi on the sushi bar.(-):Self-serve, though considering the price it should be full-serviceThe lady, who greets and takes your order, is not very nice or friendlySmall portions (I ordered the beef teriyaki, and the portion was tiny)PS: I am a meat eater, so this review may not apply to vegetarians :)Note to the next reviewer (Grace N): I never said that this place was owned by a Japanese, I simply said that the owner is not very friendly, a quality that usually you see from Japanese people. I know that they are Korean, since the certificate said the name was Kim something.Nonetheless, the quality is still superb and I personally prefer this place than Muramoto.
3	I actually know the family that owns this restaurant. The family is one of the few long-standing Korean families in Madison and their daughter is a childhood friend. I remember I used to be really scared of her father (actually still am a litte). But memories aside. I love sushi and have become sort of sushi snob over the years (granted... this snobby attitude spills over to a lot of other areas in my life... ha). And in Madison, I won't willingly go anywhere for sushi except the 2 Muramotos. However, I will say that that my friend's father started this place after taking sushi classes and that he has improved his sushi rolling skills a LOT over the years. Anywho. I had sushi from this place b/c a bf brought some over once (I used to live like half a block away from here). So the verdict? I've had worse and I've definitely had better. But honestly, their sushi is nothing memorable and Muramoto is still #1 in my Madison book.
5	I personally rank this place as the best sushi restaurant in town. They don't use msg and its safe for pregnant woman like me. I've tried muramoto, takara, but sushibox was the only place that i could finish my plate.
2	Came here while in town visiting a relative and wanting to get some sushi together.  This place was a huge disappointment.  The place was overpriced and left me with a not so fresh feeling.  I dont recall everything that I had, but when you spend money on sushi, which I have no problem doing, you expect to get what you paid for.  At this place I felt I would have been better off going to a local grocery store and getting some of their crap sushi, because at least then I would have wasted less money.
4	Wow I am a sushi expert and this was VERY FRESH and SUPER TASTY!Choice of smoked or raw Salmon was nice.. VERY AUTHENTIC tasting!YUMMMMMMMY Can I go everyday. It is worth the money to have a good meal that energizes your soul! THE BEST GREEN TEA EVER! If you are a tea freak like me it is worth it to get the Japanese Green Tea they serve here! The woman at the counter was very friendly to me and very talkative made me feel very at home not just at a restaurant. VERY helpful and attentive for serving yourself place!  When you are coming off University Street make a right at the light that is at the corner where the place is and that is how you park in the back. I thought it was the back of where the sign was posted on the sidewalk. I want some more of that tea! She kept giving me hot water and I filled my cup 5 times it was such fine densely packed tea! GOOO NOW! Treat Yourself !
3	The food is beautifully presented, and prepared with care. I would return with friends if we were in the area for lunch. The establishment is set up like self-service dining, where you order at a register, fill your own drinks at the fountain, and then bus your own table. However, both times I ate here the owner seemed to be proactive about clearing our table, and making sure we had a menu.I would give 4 stars if the food was priced lower, the prices don't really match your dining experience (i.e. fast food / self-service). The food can also be over salted at times. I wouldn't order sushi here, but the bentos and entrees are occasionally worth the splurge if you're craving fried pork cutlet or a set meal ($12-15 per person, see uploaded photos) - you'll get a good portion of food, and it will be tasty.
4	Was glad to see a sushi place right across the street from my hotel.  I had the tuna roll, tuna avocado  roll, and shrimp tempura and avocado roll.  The shrimp one was a little bland but okay.  The tuna ones were good, definitely a step above "grocery store" rolls.  I thought the rice they used was very good.  So I haven't tried a lot of menu items, but the ones I had were good.  And that was all I was really looking for!
3	Miso soup was lousy and appears to be made from a powder. Soda fountain is obnoxiously labeled 'one free refill only,' even though the soda is extremely watered down. But I can't complain too much because the food was otherwise great all around. The donburi had a flavorful kick of spices and generous portions of beef (except maybe just a tiny bit too much ginger), while the sushi was surrounded by sticky but separate grains of soft and starchy rice. I especially enjoyed the eel, which was slightly sweet and not rubbery at all, and highly recommend the pickled radish. As an added bonus they keep Hello Panda cookies and Botan rice candy behind the counter, which are basically the best thing to come out of Japan since video games.
4	This is my go-to take out sushi when I'm downtown or westside bound in Madison. The sushi has a perfect rice to non-rice ratio and the fish is always so fresh.  I love all of their Tuna rolls.Don't be afraid of the location and decor, this place can compete with others in town!
4	Good food. Relatively quick service. I visited twice and the owner(?) /cashier had a frown on her face the entire time. She might have cracked a smile after my second visit because I bussed my table myself. I will eat here again.
5	I love this place! I wish I could get here more often, but something always comes up when they are open.I love their vegetarian/vegan sushi options, it's quite impressive when compared to all the other places in Madison...Sushi Box has more than the standard choices that every place in Madison has. This is the best place in town for sushi.
4	We love this restaurant.  For the past 11 years we have gone there or picked up dinner almost every Friday.  It is great to invite friends for dinner and pick up the dinner at the Sushi Box.  The food always looks beautiful and is well liked (for those who do not like raw fish, there are lovely cooked things).  Mr and Mrs Kim are always incredibly accommodating to our varied needs.
4	I adore sushi box. The owners are so friendly and they have the freshest sushi rolls I've had in Madison. Philadelphia rolls are my favorite, I typically order a Philly roll whenever I get sushi. I have yet to find a Philly roll that is fresher or more delicious than Sushi Box's. I am seriously addicted!!! Sushi Box also has a unique roll called the Packer roll that I often order. It has string cheese, avocado, and egg. The restaurant is small but very clean and cozy. I love how they have a screen so you can watch the chef make your sushi. Cute idea!! Parking is kind of rough, but there is often ample street parking. I usually take my food to go and it is always ready and waiting for me when I arrive. I will keep returning again and again.
3	Tasty, fresh, and you can watch them make your sushi on a television in the dining room! It really was quite good, but since I am no sushi master I don't know if it is amazing or just average. It is definitely better than the stuff at grocery stores, but I don't know if it quite lives up to my experiences at some other sushi restaurants. That being said, my chicken teriyaki lunch special was a great value and the shrimp tempura roll I had with it was very tasty. Overall a great value and a safe choice if you are craving sushi, just don't expect an amazing atmosphere or fancy dining. What you will get is very friendly service and a good value.
5	Sushi Box has been consistently great!! I love the small space and the owner is very friendly. Most of the sushi is very affordable. We will continue to be regular customers =)
4	Great vegetarian sushi dinner last night. My family loves the avocado, cream cheese, and egg roll. My favorite is the asparagus roll. The green tea really hit the spot last night too.
4	Well made sushi, not expensive; always fresh.  Very friendly people and I actually like the casual decor.  They make orders out up quickly too!  Not a great place for a fancy date, but one of my favorites in Madison for the true sushi lover who isn't looking to make a big deal of their sushi dinner - they just crave solidly well done sushi.
5	Love this spot. Great food, easy going setting. Come as you are! Owner is super sweet. Been here nearly a dozen times, and it is consistently good. Yum!
4	Green tea in a can.  Solid sushi.  Unique atmosphere.  The person who brought out my  sushi cared that I'd liked everything.  Good experience.
4	This is a real nice sushi shop. Reminds me of places in Japan. Sauces are the best. Teriyaki chicken dish is well done. Presentation is excellent. They really want you to have a good meal and they take care of the details.
4	Very good sushi for an affordable price. I ate tofu with rice but my family had rolls and they said they were remarkable. The place itself could  be improved.
