3	So yesterday I found myself without a lunch at work.  Normally my driver goes for take out so when that happens I will just order something from wherever she is going.  Well it turns out she had brought lunch.  I had walked by the Fatburger in Tempe and on Las Vegas Blvd several times but had not tried either.  I had the time so decided to make the 15 minute drive over there.I did take out so I would not be away from the shop for too long.  I arrived about 11:45 on a Friday which should have been a busy lunch crowd.  With todays economy I am not sure that is a normal statement any more.  The manager was having a smoke on the patio and greeted me on the way in.  Three tables were occupied, two full and one with one person.   As I walked in and was looking at the order board one of the customers came up to the two people working in the cooking area with a problem.  Seems his hamburger wasn't right and there seemed to be a problem describing what he really wanted or by the employees understanding what he was trying to explain.  The manager saw the exchange and came in immediately, figured out what was needed and the next hamburger off the grill was prepared correctly and delivered to the table by the manager with apologies.  In these days of patrons expecting free meals and future discounts I feel this was the proper way to fix things, the customer was not rude and he got the correct, fresh, not reworked, hamburger in short order, problem fixed without any fuss.The manager then came over to the register and took my order, sensing it was my first time he guided me through the options.  I ordered a Fatburger less mustard, plus cheese ($4.49) and onion rings ($3.29).  As he was taking the order he hollered each item out to the staff and when complete took them the paper copy.  Must be the corporate way to do this.  The order was ready in about 10 minutes.  The burger was good but not fantastic, the bun was fresh and soft.  I consider it a good thing not to succumb to pressed onion rings however these folks have found a way to squeeze the maximum number of rings per onion.  The thin rings of onion with one exception were barely enough there to hold the batter and you could not taste the onion.  The oil was at the correct temperature so the batter did not absorb grease or have any off flavor.  I would definitely pass on the onion rings next time and try the fries.Overall it is not a place I would go out of my way for but if it was convenient it wouldn't be out of the question to go again.Directional note:  Google maps shows it on the SE corner of 28th Dr. and Peoria, it is really on the SW corner.
2	Sitting at my desk in my office, I could see a steady flow of coworkers returning from their lunch breaks with Fatburger soda cups. This was enough to make me crave a big, fat, juicy, heart clogging, carb-filled burger and fries. So one day I decided to venture out and have my own Fatburger experience.I selected their King Burger combo meal because I always order more than I should. The meal consisted of a 1/2 pound burger, fries and a drink. I got the burger with all the fixins' and selected the fat fries. The total for the meal was $9.19.Arriving before the lunch rush, there was almost no line. The order taker was friendly and didn't try to "upsize me" or sell me anything other than what I wanted. I waited a bit longer than I wanted for my meal, but I guess that is because they cook everything when it's ordered. My only complaint is that there were no suitable containers in which to take out ketchup. They had those little paper cup things but there was no top to keep the contents from getting all over my car. There were also none of those ketchup packets to be found so I left their establishment ketcupless.Back in my office I found that the burger and fries actually look like what is on their menu which is a surprise. The size of the meal was very good and filled me up quite nicely and then some, so I guess the food and drink was a good value for my money. My only issue was the actual taste of the food. I found it very bland and average at best. They either need to better season their meat/bun/something or start using some "secret sauce" to flavor up their burgers. I had the same issue with the fries. Thankfully, I was able to pile on salt and steal some leftover ketcup packets from the community fridge.
3	Tastier and fresher than all of the other fast food options around, although you wait a little longer for it.  You can get choices here that you can't find at other burger and fry joints, and they make the food when you order it.The fat fries are good, and there's a Turkey Burger that is juicier and more flavorful than the beef - nevermind that it's healthier.If you won't be upsetting any allergies, have them spin you up a thick peanut butter milkshake.
4	Inspired by recent Talk, this rating simply must be updated.Fatburger has a QUALITY-quality that places it in a wierd limbo between other fast food burgers and places like Fuddruckers.If you are a fan of the king, either of the two clowns, or the red haired girl, then Fatburger is likely to feel too expensive and that it takes too long.However, 'you get what you pay for' and 'good things are worth waiting for'.  Freshness, a multitude of assembly choices, and overall quality are big standouts at Fatburger.  The employees at this location have always been friendly and courteous.Tuesdays: buy a combo, get another burger free!
4	Though a bit pricey with not a lot of options, their burgers are juicy and delicious. It's a higher quality, thicker patty on a well made (though not in-house) bun. I get mine with just lettuce, mayo and cheese but you can get it loaded with toppings for the same price. I also got skinny fries but there are also a lot of fry/side options including steak fries, onion rings, or a salad. If you got a little extra to spend but still want a fast burger, Fatburger is the place to go.
4	4 stars for a fried burger... not a bad rating from this burger snob. I prefer a flame grilled 1/2lb burger not a flat fried 1/3lb... but quality makes up for this. While it is very close to a 5 guys burger, i like that my burger was not well done. It is def better then all the fast food joints, less greasy then Johnny Rockets, but not as good as Fudds. The staff was nice, the place was a little dirty around the edges and can use a good scrub. Prices seemed good for what you get. I could be back sooner then later.
3	These burgers are A-OK, I like that you can get a small, medium, large, x-large, and super large sized burgers.  I ordered a medium and it was a little juicy (not bad for a fast food burger) but I would still say that 5 guys or Smashburger is a little better.  Still these guys don't make a bad burger at all and I would stop in again and recommend it if you are a burger connoisseur that needs to taste every burger.  I like that this location is close to my office and I was headed to Culver's before I came here but that place smelled so bad inside I had to walk out.  I also like the atmosphere here, it is a nice clean casual looking place and comfortable to enjoy a quick lunch.
3	Its just ok. I prefer in and out or smash burger.
2	Bueller, Ferris, where's the flavor.  Absent.  I had an expiring groupon for Fatburger and decided to get a to go order for work lunch.  Staff service is ok, but they had the order set up for to eat there. No biggy.   We got our order quickly and had ordered the medium fat burger.  I got the onion rings and my co-worker got the fries.  I could not taste any flavor from the burger, and the bacon had that crispy leaning on the side of burned taste.   The onion rings tasted like the onions were fresh, but still the taste was lacking.   Fatburger, I'll pass.  This place is one where I will keep driving past and not stop again.
3	It's hit or miss here apparently.  Today, 8/25/12, the buns we're bordering on stale. That pretty much dampens the burger experience.  I know that it doesn't have to be this way because the Chase Field Fatburgers are always tasty.  I've had a good experience here before, but not today.
1	Never going back.  First of all it's way too expensive for the crappy food we received.  The fries were nothing special and tasted worse than the kind that come frozen that you bake in the oven.  Customer service was rude and very unhelpful.  There's also a sign there that says they make all burgers medium well and mine had lots of pink in it (which I hate of course).
4	It's a good greasy burger.  This location is a bit dingy compared to others.  The chili cheese fries are great, and the burger is what a burger should be; it's fatty and flavorful.  It's not the best, but it's a good place to go if you're hungover or just craving something you know isn't good for you.
2	Burger is ok not the best not the worst. Fries hit or miss guess it depends who is cooking. Staff is usually very nice. Went there this week (Monday 6/10/13) for lunch. This time it was some white girl taking orders never seen her before working there but talk about rude and a stupid look on her face!!!! Wow!!! Ill go back but if I see her working the front ill go next door to Subway!!!! And I hate Subway!!!!
2	Before the Peoria location opened, I'd never had a Fatburger, I think I saw the chain in other cities but had never eaten at one.  I ate at this one not long after it first opened, and I REALLY liked it.  It was one of the better fast burgers that I've had.  The fries were good, the place was clean, and I loved the number placard that they gave you to claim your meal with its music and burger trivia on it.The placards went away, and apparently so did the initial quality and cleanliness.I still like Fatburger burgers, but I don't know if I'll be returning to this location.  I no longer live in Phoenix, so I pretty much only get to Fatburger when I come to town, and always thought of this as a good place.  Well, sadly, it isn't that good of a place any more.  The burgers, in my opinion, still taste good.  But the place has suffered from neglect.  There were only two people working there when I went there a couple of nights ago, and they were out of BACON.  I gently chided the man on the register, how could a burger joint run out of bacon?  He said the manager didn't order enough.  And I guess it was impossible for a shift manager to take $40 out of the till and drive 3-5 miles to buy a bunch of bacon.  Pretty lame, IMO.That's pretty trivial, but it is indicative of a problem.There were other indicators.  First, the dining area hadn't been bussed.  Tables were dirty, and that is not good.  Second, the soda fountain had not been properly cleaned.  Several levers were sticky with syrup, and that level of stickiness takes some time to build up.  So proper cleaning procedure hadn't been followed for some time.  Third, again attesting to the dining room not being properly maintained, they were all but empty of the little cups that you load with ketchup for your fries.  They have two large bins for them and probably less than a dozen total available between the two.To me, these indicate a total lack of concern from the owner/manager.  The franchise is not being properly supervised, procedures are not being followed, and that is a problem.Let's talk about my meal.  My burger was cooked properly and done quickly.  There were two orders ahead of me and the woman at the grill seemed to be getting orders out speedily.  My cheddar cheese burger tasted good, even without the extra-crispy bacon that I wanted.  I've always liked the flavor of a Fatburger, it must be the meat and fat mix plus seasoning.  The fries, though hot, were a little under-done.  And the soda mix was not correct, I think too much soda water.  I did not get a refill, I nursed the one drink through my meal and got icewater when I left.  This is, after all, Phoenix summer.I would give them three stars for food, if they'd had the bacon I might have given them four.So why am I giving them two stars overall?A couple at a table had a problem with their meal.  I don't know what, but the woman was talking about how she couldn't eat it.  Maybe the order was incorrect or they included something on her burger that she had a sensitivity to.  Regardless, the workers did not satisfy them, as a result the woman complained throughout their meal and said 'This is going up on Yelp as soon as I get home!'  Well, it hasn't yet, so she either calmed down and realized that she was perhaps overreacting or she just didn't get around to it.  But the workers did nothing to placate them.  Any small business, especially food, needs repeat business, and they lost those two customers that night.  Maybe the workers didn't have the authority to satisfy the people with a future comp'd meal, which would indicate that the owners/managers have a weak set of procedures in place that produced dissatisfaction.I got the feeling that the place was under-staffed.  I never saw more than two people, and neither came in to the dining room to clean.  After the unhappy couple left without busing their table, that table sat uncleaned for over half an hour until I left.  But on top of that, they had very little business that evening.  I arrived around 7pm and stayed for an hour.  One person came in after that picking up an order to go, one family came in just as I was leaving.  That's not enough business to justify staying open.Maybe it was a slow night.  Maybe they were shot-staffed that night.  Maybe management is on vacation.  Regardless, this location's owner and management need to take a serious look at how this site is operating, because otherwise, they're going to start losing money if they're not already.For me, there are lots of places to get hamburgers, including Smashburger, The Habit, Steakenburger, Wineburger, etc.  There's lots of places to get good burgers, and all of those locations have better numbers than this Fatburger.
5	OMG!! Best burgers joint I have found in Phx! Love that you can choose what eva style of fries that you want! I prefer the fat fries! This place is always on point and always leaves us satisfied. Best part when you leave em a tip. Dude screams out FAT TIP!!! We heart this place...
2	2.5 StarsThis store has really gone downhill.  This visit could very well be my last one.  I would rather drive to the Tempe location and deal with the pan-handlers going forward.  Not sure how the owner of this store would operate it with my experience below!My family and I place our order, good so far.  We're familiar with the menu so no having to guess.  If you are not familiar with Fat Burger they acknowledge your tips of a dollar or more by the whole crew shouting "Fat Tip" when prompted by the cashier.  I always give the kids a buck to get them to shout, well they just stared at me this time.  We walk over to the booths and find two out if the three booths duct tapped together, posted a pic of the red duct tape.  I could not peek at the third booth since it was being used but if I had to guess it had red duct tape too.  My daughter wanted a milk shake with her meal, not today they ran out of ice cream. It would have been easier if I was told of the outage while ordering rather than the cashier trying to figure out how much money was owed to me.  We get our meals and my wife heads over to the ketchup dispenser to find they were out of the self serve ketchup.  No problem I will ask for some, I am told they are almost out of ketchup and am handed like 4 or 5 to go packets.  I just left it at that since they were almost out.As we are eating our meals I hear the kids preparing the food yell "we're out of thousand island", first thought was what else are they going to run out of!  The next thought was, hey did someone drop a dollar on the tip jar to get them to shout!This review is strictly for this location.  I hope this owner cleans up the place a bit and supplies the place with enough stuff to operate normally.
1	Horrible!!! Disgusting!!! Not clean!!! We arrived expecting to have an amazing burger, however our visit took a different turn. This place is dirty!! Nothing was clean, soda lids were missing, no napkins in dispenser, ketchup was old and bubbly. I will complain directly to the company. Did not enjoy the meal
5	It was very good and the store was clean I am puzzled by the bad reviews I eat a lot of burgers I will be back
5	My husband and I think Fat burger is the best tasting burger we ever get. When we try new places we always compare the burger to fat burgers and fat burger always wins. A  place may have better fries but will not have have a better home cooked burger
4	This is how burgers should be done... fresh, never frozen, hand made delicious juicy burgers... Nothing Fancy, which is the best thing about Fatburger.
1	This was my first visit to fat burger it was a fat disappointment! Restaurant was dirty it took forever for the burger to come and when it did it had no taste very blan no seasoning at all only pepper. This place was over priced for the quality and service of the food in my opinion if you charge restaurant  prices you should serve restaurant quality. This place charges 10.00 for a burger and an extra 1.00 for cheese and 1.00 for every extra you get on the burger the meal did come with onion rings that were the only good part of this meal. They should call this place fat onion rings because the burger was dry and tasteless I will not return to this place I live close by and was really hoping this would be my new burger joint:(
1	How could Fatburger even justify charging $12 for a half pound hamburger combo.I walked in looked at the menu and walked out. I'll give it another year before it's out of business
1	I will never and I mean never go to Fat burger again. my roommate went to get us dinner he got home and they shorted us a burger. he called them to get it straightened out they said he was lying, therefore we are out of our money but that will be the last time. I suggest find a different place not worth the money anyways but if you do go be sure to check your bag before you leave n if they try to short your order smack the shit out of them.
