5	Well worth the drive for Madisonians. The brewery has a nice little bar inside and, in the summers, a beer garden outside.  The brewery also has something else inside: lots of really, really good beer.  If you're a fan of the Capitol Brewery, this is a religious pilgrimage.  There's a gift shop and a tour (which should be taken, camera in hand).  Standing in the warehouse surrounded by kegs stacked to the ceiling is a near-religious experience.
4	Allright, so I like the place. The tour is $2.50. You do not get a beer to start off, which sucks. You have to buy one for $3.50 before the tour leaves, or you will be tempted to lick it off the floor during the tour. The tour is about a half-hour, not the most interesting thing I have ever been to, but not bad. Our guide was kind of obnoxious, but grew on us as the time grew on. After the tour, (weather permitting, I assume) you go outside to the beer garden to get your 2oz. mug to start sampling. The guide has to go around and fill up everyone on the tour (~50 people) before you get your beers, so budget an extra hour to sample. So in the end, you get 8x 2oz. samples and a tiny beer shot glass for $2.50. Not a bad deal; they just need to make the beers at the bar cheaper so you can leave with a smile on your face.I believe they do tours on the weekends at 1:30 and 3:30, and they do offer then during weekdays.
5	We went to Madison for a friend's 30th birthday in 2006 and pegged this as one of our activities. Fun little brewery, good little tour, and you wouldn't believe how  nicely you can get  a jump start on your buzz just by drinking constantly from the little beer mug shot glass  of samples. Mmm mmm mmmThey have  Bock Fest in February - we are planning on making the trip up there this year (last year one of us was planning a wedding and I was preggers, so we passed).If you're in the area, go for it!
4	I went on a tour of several breweries last summer and Capital Brewery was one of my favorites. The tour guide was EXTREMELY annoying (very, very peppy) but the tour was still pretty interesting. The best part was the end. The brewery makes several excellent beers (they were rated as the #1 brewery in the US by someone, sometime). I had never been there before but we stuck around after the tasting and ended up right in the middle of an enormous party! Apparently all of Middleton comes out on Friday night after work to relax and have a good time. They don't serve food but several people brought in picnic baskets and I saw a few grills around. Fun place to hang out with friends, I'll be back sometime.
5	My parents live very close to the brewery/beer garden and it is so much fun to hang out there in the summer.  The garden often hosts events and fundraisers.  Sometimes there is a band or live karaoke!!  There is a neat stage and tons of picnic tables.  The brewery has a sitting area inside where the tour ends.  The tour is a good time as well!  The only downside is the lack of parking.  They have a small lot but we usually have to park on the street.I wish this beer garden was located in warmer weather so I could enjoy it all year long!
4	The beer garden rules.  Great place to spend a summer evening with friends.  I wished they served their own food, but its good that you can order from nearby pizza places etc.  It goes without saying that they've got great beer.
4	One of my favorite activities of the summer is to hit up the Capital Bier Garten for a relaxing night with my friends and family.  I've never done the tour or hung out in the Bier Stube, though they're both on my list, but between Memorial Day and Halloween I try to make my way over to Terrace Avenue as often as possible.  It's also become somewhat of a tradition amongst my friends to go to Bockfest in February as well as wait in line for Great Taste tickets in May.  These are good times in their own regard, but the best times I've had here are just the random summer nights spent sitting at a picnic table with friends or watching a band playing on stage.  On weekend nights during the summer the place gets packed, especially if a band is playing.  And while it's pretty easy to find Capital beers on tap or at stores throughout the area, nothing beats fresh from the brewery.  As an added bonus, you can often get the seasonals or other less prominent beers on tap here as opposed to the bottles prevalent elsewhere.  This past summer my go-to was the Wild Rice Lager, as well as the Supper Club lager on the really hot nights.  There's even a few wine choices for the non-beer drinking crowd, including Wollersheim's Prairie Fume.  I've got a decent history going on with the Bier Garten, as this was one of the places I went on my 21st birthday.  My buddy purchased me one of the half-liter plastic mugs as my birthday present.  I've still got it to this day, and I bring it with every time I go out.  Suffice it to say, however much that mug cost has been more than offset by the reduced cost per ounce offered by the mug.  If you're planning on coming back I definitely recommend making the investment.  It beats the regular 16 oz plastic cups and I'd hazard a guess it's comparable to getting a pitcher, without the necessity of coming to agreement on what beer to order.There isn't any food service whatsoever, but it's perfectly fine to bring in your own with you.  My personal go-to is Gino's, but there's plenty of places nearby and I believe you can ask for take-out menus of local restaurants up at the counter.  I've even ordered Falbo's for delivery pizza a couple times - just meet them outside the gate by road.  Capital's also put up a large tent over most of the picnic tables, which helps when the weather is inclement.  Mosquitoes are an issue, especially as the sun goes down, but this is Wisconsin so you've got to expect that.  The place closes down at 9:00 PM in deference to the residential nature of the area, which actually is a blessing in many ways.  On weekends it's a great start to the evening, and I really don't need to be staying out that late on weeknights anymore.
5	Spent a Saturday driving around to the breweries in the area, and this was hands down my favorite.  The atmosphere during the tour was super casual, the bar inside was full of friendly bartenders/tour guides. (Bier Garten was closed as it was practically winter.) This was my favorite tour because the guides actually describe the process of making beer and tastings were handed out rather copiously.
4	Went on a Friday afternoon tour/tasting. Started with a beer in a pint glass in the bar (you getto keep the glass). The tour guide was very casual and provided good info about the beer and brewing process. At various points along the way a woman would show up with pitchers of different types of beer and pour it in your glass if you wanted a taste. The pours were generous and by the end of the tour you have a nice little buzz going. The beer was very fresh and it all tatsted good. Can't wait to go back over the summer to sit outside in the garden and listen to bands.
4	I've been drinking their beer for a few years but was only able to make the trip up to Middleton to take the tour yesterday. Tour was great- $3 gives you a 30 minute peek at their small facility with a personable and knowledgeable Capital employee and a 5oz. souvenir glass. We had 4 beers on the tour- Island Wheat, Supper Club, Maibock and Amber. Outside beer garden was great and the indoor bar was small but accommodating. Gift shop was also small- sweatshirts, t-shirts, 6 packs and pint glasses for sale. I don't find my way out in these parts often but we had a great time and some fantastic beers.
5	Showed up for a tour, but they had already finished for the day. Still one of the guys took us on a private tour. Started off with a free beer, had the Octoberfest. Very good beer. The guy was very informative and showed us the whole place. Answered some questions we had about beer also.
5	I love the Capital Brewery because I think it encompasses everything that is quintessentially Wisconsin. Capital Brewery makes consistently high-quality German lagers (with a few good ales thrown in for good measure), and provides a low-key, no-frills environment that can be whatever you want it to be. The beer garden (bier garten?) is huge, filled with weather-beaten picnic tables, and covered with a big awning to keep out the sun. Trees insulate the place, and the whole thing is topped off with a nice stage for weekly summer performances by local staples such as Westside Andy and the Mel Ford band. People bring their kids, their dogs, decks of cards and board games, and enjoy the excellent beer that's doled out at the outdoor taps by friendly staff. Bring your own food - some local joints like the Roman Candle will even deliver right to your picnic table. And if the weather's not so nice, you can visit the Bier Stube, Capital's indoor bar, which is full of dark, rich wood and nice people. I highly recommend the Capital Brewery. And don't forget to take the short tour!
4	Came here on a tour with a big group from meetup.  The tour guide was nice, and did his best to keep the group entertained and under control.  $5 for a tour, with a good amount of samples and a free glass.  If you're looking for something fun to do, I'd recommend it.
4	Good beer. Fun atmosphere at outdoor beer garden. Great people watching. Especially on Fridays in the summer.  Blonde doppel bock is outstanding.
5	How in the world did I forget/miss a review of the Capital Brewery?  Crikey - I'm losing it, I tell 'ya.No visit to the Madison area would be complete without stopping-by the Capital Brewery.  During the spring/summer/fall months, their beer garden is phenomenal.  It's a large, trellised, open area that's sun-protected compliments of a huge blue tent cover/awning.  Picnic tables galore, it makes for an ideal location to chill with friends and family.  Bring along whatever type of food you'd like, because they don't serve food here.  Or, better yet, call one of the many local restaurants and request delivery - most of them service the brewery.  Dogs are more than welcome, as are kids. A large stage frames the eastern side of the garden; you'll find live music on most Friday and Saturday nights.  They used to show movies on Saturday nights, but I believe that has come to pass.The staff is always excellent.  You won't find a nicer group of folks no matter how far or hard you search.  Kyle's the absolute best - the guy is unbelievably friendly, funny, and knows everything about the brews.  He often serves as the brewery tour guide, so pay attention if he suggests you try a certain brew.During the colder months, the indoor stube is warm and inviting.  There's a large flat screen television for game watching, and plenty of comfy seating.  The stube operates on reduced hours during the winter months, and just a heads-up that it's often times rented/reserved for private events (think holiday parties), so check their website schedule prior to planning a spur-of-the-moment visit.The gift shop is nice, with a great selection of glasses, shirts, and other goodies.  Prices are more than reasonable.  The bathrooms are usually spotless, which is a bonus.So... if you haven't been to the brewery, make it a priority to visit.  Stop by on a Saturday or Sunday and take the tour (it's only a couple of dollars, includes samples, and runs hourly), then spend time enjoying some of Capital's great beers.  You won't be disappointed.
4	Had a chance to try Autumnal Fire and some other brews. Autumnal Fire was great, not exactly my kind of beer, but still tasty. Would try more beers definitely.
4	My mind is too often my enemy. Too frequently, when thoughts of something 'inexplicable' or 'unpredictable' come to mind, they're most often associated with negative circumstances. An 'inexplicable' string of bad luck at the craps table. An 'unpredictable' severe weather pattern. It's human nature to associate things that we can't predict or control with the negative.But once every blue moon, something inexplicable happens for the good. Such was the case with me stumbling upon Capital Brewery in Madison, Wisconsin - a festive,  local beer haven surrounded by sprawling suburban retail strip malls and chain restaurants. I only had an hour to kill before a wedding, but that hour was filled with bonfires, live music,  locally crafted dopplebock and conversations with the most knowledgeable beer lovers I've ever met (they know the Brooklyn Brewery folks on a first name basis). I'm not sure if Capital Brewery is always this way, but on this day, it was inexplicably, unpredictably and unexpectedly welcome.
5	Finally went on their tour this Saturday, which I actually felt obligated to do, considering how much of their product I ingest on a regular basis. Our tour guide was very lively and fun, and knew a looooooot about the process of brewing beer. We also got a small drinking glass as part of our tour, and 3 beer bottle caps that can be traded in for a sample of anything on tap.You can also trade in all 3 caps for a pint of a single beer, which I wish I had known about before I eagerly sampled my first beer. Anywaaays, the tour was short and sweet, and the beer cold and refreshing. A perfect break on a Saturday afternoon.
5	Went for a tour of the brewery.The tour guide was great, the brews were incredibly fresh and tasty, and we overall had the best experience of being a tourist in Madison, WI here.The beer garden aspect is tempting for a possible future return, but we'll see. Look out for a potential future review, Yelpers!
4	Cool place- nice outside bier garden, live music, tons of craft beers.
5	Get out!(No seriously... get out.)Nothing beats a brew in one of Madison's best beer gardens. With a shady roof overhead (love that newer addition) and tables for you and an army of your friends, this is quickly becoming my fave locale for keeping hydrated.
4	Love the outdoor area here. They have a good selection of beer and a giant outdoor bar area. They also have a great tasting room inside for when it's cold or rainy. The brewery tour is short but interesting (it's not a huge place after all). Their beers are decent, not the best in town, though. They offer seasonals and new brews on occasion.As far as beer is concerned, there's much better out there in Madison. The outdoor space, however, is great.
4	Went for the tour and drinking on a summer Saturday. Pretty nice little Saturday! Tour is $5 and they just take you through the warehouse and some of the brewing area. It isn't anything overly special. If you've been on other brewery tours before it is a pretty standard one.Beer I great though. With the $5 tour you get a small tasting glass and three different tastings. They have the staples along with more seasonal and experimental type brews. Pretty reasonable prices too if you want beers/pitchers also (which you will). Pitchers are generally around $11.
5	My favorite microbrew that I have ever been to.  Having lived nearby for many years I frequented this place as my favorite in Madison.  The beer are all good with my favorites being the Maibock and Autumnal Fire (Eisphyre) if it is available. For those that prefer lighter beers the amber or supper club are wonderful too.  They don't sell food on site but numerous neighborhood restaurants in the area are available for delivery.  Another option would be to use the grills on the patio which the brewery owns. Live music nights outside are worth a stop since they are free.  Local bands/people play.
5	Capital is my go to Friday night spot!I love visiting Capital Brewery anytime of year. The beer garden is a great place to enjoy a cold brew, sunshine and live music in the summer time. In the winter the bier stube is cozy and fun.The staff is awesome and the beer is delicious. Plus you can bring your own snacks!
3	Rating: 3.8Short description:  BreweryPluses:  Good beer, interesting buildingNegatives: Not the best price, Not the best service, need a better menu overallRecommendations:  Decent enough if you like their beer styles.
3	Meh.  In my quest to visit EVERY brewery in Wisconsin, I had to stop at Capital Brewery.  I previously tried some of their beers at the MKE Brewfest and was semi-impressed by the new Imperial IPAs so I wanted to give some of their other beers a try.  I don't know if it's because we came on a day where there was a 5K or what, but the brewery was pretty much closed except for the beer garden and the little store inside.  There were no samples or flights offered and you could only get a pint for like $6 outside.  Bah.  We wanted to try something new so we had an Autumnal Fire and the Appleanche Dopplebock.  We weren't impressed with either one.  Frankly, the Appleanche was just weird.  It smelled like an apple cider and tasted like an average ale.  The Autumnal Fire was decent but nothing special.  I totally committed alcohol abuse and threw half of my beer away.  *GASP* Sadly so, I expected more from Capital and don't think I'd stop back in next time I'm in Madison when there are breweries like Ale Asylum nearby.
4	I love the events this place hosts.  I really enjoy the beer garden.
4	5/31/14 Enjoyed their outdoor seating and free music while drinking a cold Capital Lake House Summer Lager.  I'd drink it anytime/anywhere.  ;-)
2	The bier garden was great since the weather was perfect in Madison while I was there. The taster flights were served in plastic cups (I hate plastic cups). I tried all the beers (13 total) and only two really stood out, the others were eh. Ghost Ship White IPA and Capsized Imperial IPA. Rating is really 2.5 and based upon the beers sampled. Lots of options but not that great. If I could bring my own beer to the garden, it would be awesome.
4	We keep coming here and having a great time!  Always great beer and good live music.  The library fundraiser on Father's Day was a hit with the kids.  I even met Bo Ryan!
4	Dan Navarro rocked the joint tonight! Great place for friends, beer, and music under the stars. The musical talent just keeps getting better and better and the beer selection is as wide as you'll find in a state known for beer excellence. Bring your own food though, as they don't serve anything but a few snacks. Nearby pizza parlor will deliver here.
5	First off - where I'm from, brewery tours are free and there isn't a limit of beers that you can try. I found it odd that the brewery had 8 or so beers on tap but I could only try 4 with my $7 paid admission. The bartender was super sweet and allowed me to charge my phone and even gave me an extra taste of a beer. The amber is delicious!!
4	The beer garden rocks.  Whenever I've gone there has always been plenty of servers, the prices are reasonable & many times there is live music for a minimal cost.
4	Great service behind the bar, and a really informative tour. The beer garden wasn't open this time of year, but still had a great visit and tried some pretty solid brews.
1	Our tour guide was the worst tour guide I've ever had. I've been on many brewery tours and grains do not get their flavor from being in honey or dipped in chocolate. Many of us realized she was completely clueless. The number of uhs, ums, and ahs overwhelmed me. At least 21 in one room of the tour. I had to stop counting for my own sanity. By the end, most people had stopped listening or began to have their own conversation. It's unfortunate for a place to lose customers due to their tour especially when they have good beer. I'd love my money back but I doubt I'd get it.
