5	Joshua shot our maternity pictures, and they turned out so good! I knew kind of what I wanted so I sent him some images of things I liked and he did them perfectly! During the shoot he pulled out his phone a few times to make sure he was getting all the images I wanted. Besides doing the poses and such I sent him, he did a lot of his own as well. We had never met him before, but he made my husband and I feel so comfortable. He has a great sense of humor, and you can tell he is a very genuine person. Also, his turn around time was so quick! We love our photos and will definitely be using him again in the future! Maybe for out newborn pictures!! :-D
5	Josh shot our wedding at a winery in California and they were simply amazing!! He was so helpful from the very beginning, helping us choose a package that would suit the type of wedding we had planned as well as asking our preferences to make sure everything was the way we would like it. He's never too busy to answer any questions and was so helpful the day of the wedding to keep everyone on time and in the right place without feeling rushed. He made everyone so comfortable in front of the camera and was a blast to hang out with. He really had us laughing and enjoying ourselves so no one felt out of place or too shy for photos. My husband and I are a bit quirky and definitely wanted some photos that were unique and fun - Josh had so many great ideas for the photos that showed our personalities. We couldn't be happier with the way they all turned out - He really captured our entire day. We will definitely be asking him again for any event photos in the future. - Thanks again Josh!!
5	Where do I start?? First of all, it has been a little over a month since my wedding and almost everyone I run into tells me how AMAZING my photographer was. Josh was extremely professional, personal and was the best photographer for my special day. He met with me before my wedding for a site visit to talk about shots, ect, and if at ANY point during the process, if I had a question, he responded to me promptly by phone or e-mail. The day of, he and his staff became a special part of the day. He had a great rapport with everyone including grandmas, kids, and all of the guests. My fiance, (now husband) is not a fan of getting his picture taken and with Josh, everything felt natural and perfect. This is extremely evident after viewing all of the photos. He comes with my highest recommendation for anyone who is looking for someone capture a special day/event. I plan on hiring him again if I EVER need a photographer. Josh is the best!!
5	What a awesome photographer! Josh shot our wedding at the Riverwalk Golf Club in San Diego, Ca. From the moment we met, he made me feel completely comfortable and relaxed. He not only was respectful and professional, Josh was also hilarious! Great sense of humor! Thanks to his creativity and knowledge, our wedding photos came out perfect! The last thing you want to worry about on your wedding day is taking horrible wedding photos. With Josh as you photographer, your guaranteed great photos from a great photographer! Can't wait for him to shot our family photos in the future! Thanks Josh!
5	This guy is no joke! He gets the job done while putting a smile on your face.  His videographer counterpart and him made our wedding day stress free and his overall attitude made for a memorable event.  His overall professionalism is superb and if I ever need pictures or videos of any kind in the future, he's our guy without a doubt! The pictures he took that day were magical like he really captured picture perfect moments that I truly believe is his special touch that I kept reading about in his reviews. He is the best especially if you are on a budget but want quality results as well.    Our wedding went better than I could have ever dreamed and the finish product was masterfully retouched capturing the beauty in every moment caught on film.  He was definitely one of the best decisions I made for our wedding!
5	Joshua did a fantastic job for our wedding! He is organized, punctual and professional. He makes a stressful day go by with ease. I highly recommend him- you will will be impressed by his talent and his reasonable prices.
5	This review is LONG overdue!! First - I have to say that Josh is simply amazing! My husband, Dan, and I found him a long time ago to take our engagement photos in La Jolla, CA and immediately connected with him. He has a great personality and made Dan and I feel completely comfortable. Because of this (and the fact that our engagement photos look amazing), we wanted to book him for our wedding in Maui, Hawaii.... 10/17/13After speaking with Josh almost every month from the engagement photo session to the wedding (which was a lot), we had the chance to get to know him even more. We were so excited when he informed us that his wife and him were expecting their first child!.... And it just so happened that the due date was around our wedding date! You could imagine, as a bride and groom, how that could make you feel if your photographer is expecting on the same date of your wedding! However, Dan and I were completely comfortable and confident in Josh because he said he would be there for us no matter what - also telling us that his wife will be taken care of by family if it just so happens to be around the same time.The night before the wedding, Josh informed us that he became a father to a gorgeous baby girl! We were so happy for him but were sad that he couldn't be there for his wife, family and new little one. He told us not to worry, and on the day of the wedding, he rocked it!! He was there for us every step of the way.All our photos turned out amazing and he definitely went above and beyond! Dan and I are so happy and lucky we found him. Josh is wonderful and he is very flexible and professional. We highly recommend you use him for your photography. Our next step - using him for our pregnancy photos when the time comes!
5	Joshua photographed my wedding on May 24, 2014 and I could not be more pleased with the photos!  He did an AMAZING job and was so kind and professional.  We first did an engagement session and I knew right away it was going to be a perfect fit!He is funny, polite and makes you smile.Our wedding photos are so so beautiful.  That's what every Bride wants; beautiful romantic pictures and that's just what we got.  Joshua surpassed my expectations and I would recommend him 100 times over.https://scontent-b.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xpf1/t1.0-9/10464337_464558823647488_1720746323081708257_n.jpg
5	All I can say it, wow, Joshua was AMAZING! He showed up ahead of schedule and immediately made everyone feel comfortable by learning their names and letting them know how the day would go. Throughout the wedding, he was able to keep everyone in check (in a nice way), and with a big and high maintenance bridal party, that isn't easy! He had everyone laughing and having a great time, and it really captured the mood in all the photos. The photos in the ceremony were incredible, he somehow seemed to be everywhere at once and got stunning photos of both the groom and I simultaneously as I was walking down the aisle. He finished editing the photos in the scheduled turnaround time, and they were absolutely breathtaking! He went above and beyond my expectations, and I am so happy I chose him to capture my wedding, because through his photos I'll be able to relive that day every time I look at them.
5	For my daughters senior pictures, I was determined to find a talented photographer with affordable rates. Well Joshua was exactly what I was looking for! His price is reasonable, he is such a good photographer and so easy to work with!
5	Josh is fantastic!!My husband and I hired Josh to do a family photo shoot of us and our 2 dogs for Christmas cards that we are sending out, along with some individual head shots.  We were photographed at Anthem Park and it was SOO windy that day!  Our sweet pups were not interested in sitting nice for the pictures, so we had a lot of things out of anyone's control that were preventing us from getting a nice family photo shoot that day.Josh met us at the park and he was so friendly and personable.  He just rolled with the wind that we were facing that day and he was so funny and cool about it. He knew about a place at the park that had a wind-breaker effect, so it wasn't as windy there.  That was so helpful!  I was worried that our pictures would have my hair in my face, but our pictures came back about a week after our shoot and they looked AMAZING!!  They were so nice!  He got some nice detail shots with the lace trim on my dress and our wedding rings.  They are so professional and beautiful.  He was able to get our dogs to look at the camera, so we got some good pictures of our whole family.His prices are reasonable and we will DEFINITELY be calling him again for our next photo shoot!
5	We are so beyond thankful to have chosen Josh to do our engagement photos as well as (future) wedding photos.  Finding a wedding photographer was one of the most stressful part of planning a wedding thus far for me.  After speaking to several photographers, I had almost given up until I found Josh.  After a few emails and a phone conversation, I knew immediately that he was exactly what we were looking for.  And I was not wrong.We decided to have our engagement photos done at Papago Park.  Josh was so helpful in choosing the perfect spots and included everything that we were trying to capture.  Although I was suffering from an awful toothache that day, I was easily distracted by Josh's humor and overall attitude.  We felt so comfortable and were so relaxed by the end of our session.  We just received out photos back and were beyond pleased with the attention to detail and Josh's ability to capture our love for each other.  We cannot wait to be able to share our wedding day with Josh and could not be happier with our decision to have him beside us on the biggest day of our lives!!  He has been so prompt in getting back to me with any questions and concerns- he's made this whole process so much more comfortable than I ever imagined it would be.  I would recommend Josh to any bride and groom a thousand times over!
5	Josh is simply amazing! He's friendly,  professional and doesn't cut corners. Josh is great at directing big families with little ones, gets the job done fast and stress free.GREAT Pictures!  :) I found a great photographer in Josh; I'll be using Josh for my future family photography!!:)Yippee:)
5	Joshua is an AMAZING photographer! We couldn't be happier with how our photo shoot went for our holiday cards. He was on time, he always returned emails with in the hour, a pleasure to work with all around! His prices are amazing considering what you get from your photo shoot. Joshua will be our family's go to photographer from now on! Seriously book him... I promise you will NOT be sorry with hiring him!
5	Let me start by stating the obvious JOSH is an amazing photographer! We hired Josh to take our engagement session and wedding photos. He made us feel very comfortable during both shoots. Josh keeps it very professional and fun at the same time. Another thing that we liked was that he constantly communicated with us throughout our wedding planning. Josh doesn't make you feel like your just a client to him, he really takes the time to get to know you and treat you like family. The day of our wedding Josh did a fantastic job coordinating photos with family members and the bridal party making sure we weren't losing sunlight.  We got married around the holidays and we're surprised to receive all of our photos before the new year. They all looked amazing!!! He captured all the memorable moments throughout the night. All in all, we would highly recommend Josh to anyone who is interested in having their photos taken. Thanks again Josh !
