4	A self-described "downtown bodega," Resnicks (no apostrophe, as far as I can tell) is a cute little gourmet store adjacent to the Soho Lofts.  It's really an upscale convenience store, and quite the welcome addition to the otherwise rather barren downtown grocery scene.Resnicks has all kinds of fancy canned and dry foods (artisan pastas and sauces, tons of olives, marinated Italian veggies, even some Asian foods) as well as a limited amount of fresh produce (avocados, citrus fruits, potatoes, bananas, etc.) and a fairly extensive refrigerated and frozen selection.  I was pleased to see that they carried a good deal of vegan and organic goods in that mix as well! (Soy milk, fakin bacon and fake deli meats, tofu....)They also carry some pre-made items like sandwiches and salads (mostly meat-based).  They also carry eco-friendly cleaning products and some paper items and toiletries.  But the best feature, and the one that will make me a regular customer is...... not the booze (although they just got a liquor license for wine and beer), but BON BREADS! I love this stuff so much I wanna marry it.  And this is the only place (other than the farmer's market) to get it retail as far as I know.  And this place is like 10 times closer to my house than the farmar (which isn't even open these days b/c they're getting a business license, but that's another story).  The point is, BON BREADS, in my mouth, pretty much whenever I want them.  This place will be great for a pop-in to grab some snacks or a beverage during First Friday (they also carry more typical goods like chips, sodas, energy drinks, and the like).   Some prices seem crazy high, while other things actually seem really cheap.  Definitely more than you'd pay for the same stuff at Albertson's, but I think it would be more than worth the convenience for people who live in the lofts or nearby.  Now, if they'd just get a better selection of premade vegan eats, I could definitely see walking my dog over there for some lunch on their patio seating.A very welcome addition to the downtown revival!
4	One of coolest grocery stores I have ever stumbled upon.Complete with healthy food, fruit and a turn-table. Super cool laid-back staff, cool tunes and free WiFi.What more could you ask for?Maybe a pool out back??? Just sayin
4	Resnick's is a great addition to the downtown area grocery scence, which is totally lacking. It is a small modern grocery store which boasts good coffee, fresh packaged sushi, salads, wraps and sandwiches. Aside from their healthy and tasty grab and go foods they have a great selection of microbrew beers, teas, gourmet and organic foods, toiletries and cleaning products. I guess all the usual things you expect to find in a little neighborhood market, but more focused on high quality and organic brands. While it's a convenient little spot, it is not the cheapest, but if you are looking for higher end products you'll find that here. Decor and Ambiance 5/5Customer Service 5/5Price 4/5Selection of Products 4/5Tastiness of To Go Foods 5/5! ( have tried a chicken & mixed greens salad & a tuna salad pita, both were yummy!!)
3	I went here for one reason only - Bon Breads and I will tell you this: they only get deliveries Mon, Wed and Fri. So don't go down there on a Sunday like I did expecting to find anything because you will be out of luck, like I was. The guy said you have to be there pretty much right when they deliver since they go fast. My quest for good bread here is getting frustrating and this fruitless trip didn't help!! Aside from that, pretty much like the other reviews, this place is small and pricey and the guy sitting behind the 24" iMac was friendly
4	Wow, so I've checked into this place only twice and I've been dubbed Resnick's "Duchess." I prefer "Princess", but my new title IS pretty sweet. lol.  Cute little gourmet grocery in Soho Lofts.  I'm a regular here for lunch.  Now, I'm not a "pre-made" meal person, but their salads (grilled chicken and the chef, my personal fave) are YUM-MY!  They are made fresh every day, perfect healthy size and are filling.  I also love that they sell fresh flowers for a pretty cheap price.  I'm definitely one of those girls who buys fresh flowers for my casa just because they make me happy. :)  Customer service is always great and I can't wait to enjoy their patio as the weather gets nicer.  If you're in the downtown area, check it out!  I promise you will not be disappointed.
4	I'm a bit bias, since I live in Soho, but I like this place. It's quick, convenient, and hip. The prices are a bit higher, but a majority of the items in the store are natural or organic. If I'm in a hurry for a quick lunch, this place is ideal, but if I need some eggs or milk, I'll walk to Walgreens!
4	This is a great little market! I love the fresh sandwiches/salads/fruits available and Seattle Best coffee selections. I expected a snooty cashier, expensive strip prices and very little to choose from...but NO!!With free wifi, reasonable prices (med coffee $1.79!), low key but friendly service and amazingly convenient location, you really can't beat it!!  Yay Resnicks!
5	A good place to stop when I wander downtown to go to Court or another attorney's office.  Fresh produce is always good and everyone is friendly and helpful.
2	Recent activity on their facebook and twitter page encouraged me to check this place out again. Some of that activity was boasting about their new "lower" prices.If this is what they consider "lower" prices, I'd hate to see what their original prices were.Just imagine 7 Eleven, all the same products, but for double the price. 99 cents for one apple, roast beef sandwich (on regular wheat sandwich bread with lettuce tomato and onion) $6, liter of soda $2.49, frozen lasagna (I think the brand was stouffers) $12. Everything was ridiculously overpriced. Even Whole Foods is cheaper.Their pictures on facebook are great, but don't be fooled, the photog makes the store look about 10 times bigger than it actually is and a lot of the products on the facebook page can't be found in the actual store.I decided to buy a sandwich for myself and my coworkers thinking maybe it's so expensive because it's so incredibly awesome tasting, but nope. My roast beef was bland, the bread was soggy and there was no special sauce, just a smidgen of mayo. I considered getting a banana, but they were all brown.Que sad.The one major plus was the hip hop music they had playing. A nice change from the usual whiny indie hipster rock these downtown joints are playing. And it was also nice to go in and out of a store in Downtown Las Vegas without being hassled by panhandlers. But maybe they're just smart enough to know that anyone who leaves this store probably doesn't have any money left.
4	Hurray for fresh produce downtown!  Hurray for a convenience store with fresh food!  Hurray for place to buy decent beer and wine!Resnick's Grocery is a tiny convenience store sitting under the Soho Lofts near Charleston in downtown.  It advertises itself as a "bodega" or tiny food shop with limited food offerings, but some fresh produce and beer and wine.  Think 7-Eleven, but with food you might not regret eating in an hour.  The shop carries a limited selection of fruits and vegetables, as well as ready to go salads, sandwiches, and canned and dry goods.  You're not going to fill your pantry with selections from the store, but you could easily put together a nice fresh dinner from the available options. The main downside to Resnick's is cost.  It is selling itself as an upscale convenience store and a lot of the canned and dry foods in stock are overpriced compared to Smith's or Fresh and Easy.  But given that there are little to no other options within 2 miles of downtown for a grocery shopper, the prices can be forgiven.
4	Resnicks describes itself as a "downtown bodega", and they got the description right. It's a "tiny" little store tucked away on the North side of the Soho Lofts, and while I said it was tiny, they pack a lot of good things into a small space.I ended up checking out Resnicks for lunch as I am so tired of having Mexican and Thai food all the time. I ended up with one of their "Chef on the Road" Greek Chicken wraps which was very good. A can of Illy Mochaccino somehow ended up in my hands and I ended up spending a little over $8 for lunch which is not bad. (I have to admit the $6 for 6 little pieces of sushi was a bit much, and a few things were slightly higher than I expected but they gotta pay their bills too!)If you're looking for Whole Foods, even though Resnick's carries some artisanal stuff, this ain't it. It's not a Von's either. But it is a great place to check out if you need something fresh and fast that's close to downtown. The service is also very friendly, they don't use plastic bags either, and they are planning to expand. I wish them well with the expansion plans and I will be coming back as I liked what I found there. Parking...looks like it could be interesting if the area is busy but I was able to park across from the front door and get in, get out, and get on my way pretty fast. (Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #18)
3	Great store, killer vibe.  My only gripe no milk, so if you are looking for groceries and staples just know you will have to be creative in your approach.I wish them luck, they have a great thing going if they can keep it stocked.
5	I read an article on DTLV about Resnick's reopening and thought I would check it out.  Awesome turkey Panini.  Wine selection was nice but not extensive.  I was told they can special order products on request.  I'll be back.
4	Sometimes you have to turn your back on the corner deli to grab a sammie with some class. Enter Resnicks. Gotta love this little store. When I first moved downtown, it was in 'renovation' mode, which usually means 'see ya never' mode. Low and behold, they re-opened a few months ago and the place looks great. Know coming in that you won't be crossing a lot of items off of your grocery list, but what you do find here is of the tasty, high quality variety. Imported condiments, local jerky, Italian sodas, a very diverse beer selection, etc. Seeing as I rarely cook, I hit up Resnicks for deli sammies. A $12 lunch special nets you a panini, bag of chips, Italian soda and a cannoli. Perfect! Even better, you can grab bfast all day and egg sammich on a bagel will run you just under $6. The sandwiches are all delicious and each have something high brow, like British Sage Derby Cheese instead of a sliced chemical loaf (American cheese). Choices are limited though. Sure, this isn't a full deli or a real grocery store, but it's not trying to be. If you live in the area give it a shot!
5	We were visiting las vegas and were on our way to a hike when we stopped by here. This is a cute little deli with some groceries. The owner was really nice and we got everything we wanted from water to lunch to snacks. He also gave us a free shopping bag that was pretty high quality! We didn't think it was super cheap until we unpacked the lunchbox and saw the portion!
5	Love this store. They always have some unique staff like a bottle of wine or some beer that is only available there. Also they have a good lunch menu, which is very convenient if u are on the run and want to eat something on the heathy side. I definitely would recommend it to my friends for it's convenience.
5	This little gem is only a few minutes away from the office I work in. I was in a hurry to grab a quick lunch and stopped by. When I walked in, I felt such a good vibe. They have a good healthy lunch menu, prices are reasonable, not too outrageous. They have hard to find imported items. The store itself is very small and located in the Soho Lofts complex, they don't have a wide variety of items, so don't expect to find a lot of the things you normally find at a grocery store. The gentleman who helped me out was very nice. I don't know if he was the owner but since it was my first time stopping in, he gave me a free bag of gluten free muffins, made locally. On average a sandwich and drink will cost you roughly about $7 and their panini lunches are about $12.00, sure, you can get cheaper food at a fast food joint, but would you rather go an unhealthy route to save a few bucks? Not me.
