5	Hands down best dive hangout in the NODA district.  It sits directly beside the Neighborhood Theatre and I come here before and after every concert.  Its nice because ninety-percent of everyone else there is a music fan, and the last time I made a visit the members of Incognito Mosquito (great band, classification: Schitzo Jam) were throwing back some beers after their show.  I like to sit on the grungy little plywood booths held up by metal pipes that make for great footrests.  I can't remember his name for the life of me, but the British bartender is a riot!  He's not the only one though, everyone that works here as always seemed to be in high spirits.  There is a fun graffiti collage toward the back of the bar that is definitely worth checking out.
4	Something abut The Sanctuary keeps drawing me back. It's a very NoDa place and I always feel at home there. The bar feels very industrial with marble slabs for seats and finished wood planks for tables. A graffiti mural covers one wall while work by local artists hangs on another. You can play Wii Sports or Wii Play there, and they have a pool table. The British bartender makes a mean mojito (though they're not always available), and The Sanctuary also serves a late-night menu of tasty Boudreaux's food. My only complaint: Around 11 pm, they always seem to turn on heavy metal at full volume. You go from having a normal conversation with a friend to screaming at the top of your lungs.
5	A great place to hang out and grab a beer in NoDa. The crowd is cool, the bartenders are fun and they pour some great drinks.
3	I guess you would call the Sanc NoDa's response to a dive bar.  When I first moved near the hood back in 2006, Sanctuary was still one of the art galleries in NoDa.  And one of the last shows was of a father and son art duo that had rented the space for a few months and used the walls to have a back and forth graffiti conversation that still adorns the walls of the bar today.It is the minimalist approach to what you need in a bar.  Plywood and steel pipe framed seating runs along one wall with the bar on the opposite side.This is where all the wait staff from all the other NoDa bars go when they are not working, so everyone knows everyone and it is extremely laid back.Alex and the rest of the bar staff know there stuff and sling beers and shots with the best of them.  The current $1 short and $2 tall Miller High Life is perfect for the budget drinker.There are video games and two pool tables to keep you and your friends occupied while enjoying the buzz of conversation and digital jukebox.There is one unisex restroom tucked in between the video games, but there are separate usually very clean ones down the hallway of the adjacent Boudreaux's Louisiana Kitchen space.And it has been a lot easier to patronize this joint since Charlotte went smoke free.  Its truly a breath of air.  It doesn't always have to be fresh...But be a little wary, this is also a stop for professional level drinkers.  So you get a mix of those already tanked looking to finish a night and those looking to start a night of getting tanked.
5	The only dive bar I frequent in Charlotte.
5	I haven't visited in a few months (see aforementioned preggo issues), but I used to consider this bar one of my favorites.  It definitely has a nice divey feel (but not grimy) and a good number of pool tables.  I've had some fun times sitting at the bar and chatting it up with the bartender and regulars--and I've had nothing by great service here (although I do think I tended to visit on less busy weeknights). It's definitely rocking a scene (i.e. not fratty), and that's exactly what I like about it.
4	I could get thoroughly, efficiently drunk here, for cheap, happily, often, while listening to good music, amongst a varied, albeit tad-surly crowd.Circa 1999 NoDa's still alive in this little corner. You can almost smell Fat City wafting in the nicotine and tar-smelling air. Fan.
4	Review is for drinks only- Came in Wednesday night - we had the most friendly bartender ever. 1/2 price wine night- but the wine we ordered was a little icky (odd temp) but hey this is more of a beer dive bar anyway. The guys gave us a free dessert too since they said they put one in by accident. Awesome music selection and an all around good time.They also had a pool table. I would definitely go back!
5	Ryan Adams "The Bar is a Beautiful Place" lyrics:I hang my head down on Uptown'Cause either way you look down it's just stars And I'm making my way down to NoDa To get drunk in a bar And I know my friends, they worry about me I can see it written on their face Despite anything that I said before The bar is a beautiful place. . . . sha na na na, sha la la la la. So if you're looking to forget all that Uptown glitz and show, this is the most real place in all of Charlotte.
4	Thanks to Scott for being a great bartender / host. Had fun in NoDa even though I didn't get to shoot pool. Nice to tip a Pabst Blue Ribbon in toast to my Grandpa Jake. May he be happy in Honky Tonk Heaven.
3	Noda is always a fun neighborhood and this place really shows the essence of the area in my opinion.Grafetti (sp) walls and cool artwork abound.  Characters galore and plenty of people watching to do here.  We popped in for a few drinks so I can't say I've spent a ton of time here but I could certainly see myself hanging out here for a live music performance and maybe just a chill evening out.
5	I spend too much time here. AMAZING atmosphere and bartenders
3	This is what I would call a 'bar bar'.  Hmm that doesn't seem to make much sense.  But I mean it isn't a sports bar, not a dog bar, not a hippie bar.  It is rock n roll, stools, pool tables, if-you-drop-something-on-the-floor-for-gods-sake-leave-it, dark drinkers bar.  I like coming here - there is always a great mix of people in the crowd.  Mostly older (for Noda) which I like.  Some of the other Noda bars can get too young and silly for us old folks.The bartenders are super fast and always have an eye on the crowd.  There are also tables for you to sit with your friends on the side.  It is just for drinks (but they do have snacks like chips you can buy behind the bar!)  I always know what to expect here - drinks and conversation.  A nice change from the usual places.
5	This place definitely takes the title of top dive bar in NODA for me, and that says a lot being that it's Noda. The cheap cocktails, and the artsy murals throughout the bar add to its character and the regulars create a flair that is not found anywhere else.
4	Nice grunge bar.  Lights turned down low and of course skee ball in the back corner.Price for some drinks are pricey, but why not just get a tall boy of PBR for 2.50 cause thats what I do.Good people, good music.  It is an overall good time.
4	I am new to the area and this was the first place I went for a drink. Amazing! totally chill and the drinks are awesome for the price. The bartenders actually get to know you
5	This is my "neighborhood" bar. Love this place!
3	Dive bars, oh how I love thee.I went to the Matrimony show at Neighborhood Theatre Friday. The smoke machine set off the fire alarm right as we were coming around the corner. Yay! That means we have time to pop into Sanctuary!I love this place. Every time I have a night out in NoDa, I make sure to stop here for at least a drink or a shot. Or both. Or two shots.No gimmicks. No frills. Whether you're in the mood for a vodka water, shot of jager or just a good cold PBR...  this is where you go to drink. Chill. Laid back. Rock n roll. Sit at the bar and chat with the bartender. Bring a group and enjoy good conversation with friends at a table. If you're in the neighborhood for dinner or a show, stop in for pre or post night out beverages.
