4	Mainly, I think they're a coffee roaster, but I thought I'd check them out after I passed them on my way to work yesterday. There isn't much of that espresso bar culture at this place, especially since they don't really seem to be doing espresso. But the iced coffee I picked up was light and floral, a great roast at a great price.  Definitely stop by this new place in the East End. Oh and the music choice was top notch.
4	Zeke's is East Liberty's only commercial coffee roaster. I feel pretty comfortable saying that, but please correct me if I am wrong.First of all, the coffee is excellent. It is small batched roasted, I'm pretty sure right now he can only do 1 or 2 pounds at a time! I don't have the most discerning coffee palate, but this stuff is good... nothing like what your friend roasts in their air popper.They have brewed coffee (I can't remember for the life of me if he does espresso) in addition to 6-8 by-the-pound offerings that were extremely freshly roasted... my pound was still warm! Averages around $13/lb.The storefront is pretty no-nonsense bare bones, don't worry about tromping a little snow inside or bringing in your bike with you to grab your coffee.The proprietor (I forget his name) is extremely friendly and welcomes a chat. He'll also do custom roasts for you, no minimum I'm pretty sure, especially handy if you want a half decaf blend or the like. I recommend calling ahead if you have a large order, as well.Hours are hard to find online, but I posted a photo of what was on the door as of today.
5	yummy locally roasted coffee. loved the iced coffee growler over the summer. just the basics, but tasty.
5	Great coffee, made by hand. I love the sweet aroma of the shop!
2	maybe it's my fault. i see a sign that says "coffee" and there are some chairs and tables inside and a "free wifi" sticker in the window and i think: "here's a place i can sit and get some work done on my laptop while i sip my warm beverage."no bathroom. no outlets. uncomfortable folding chairs. talk radio blaring. mixed messages.
5	I am here once or twice as day as my office is a block away. I have had coffee all over this city and this is the best I have ever had. They keep it simple with their small batch roasted beans there in the store. They also have espresso, cappuccino, and lattes now with their shiny new machine, also made from their own beans. They have fresh baked goods every day made also in the store by hand. Now that it is warm outside, they have Leona's Ice Cream sandwiches. They have homemade cookies and blended ice cream that I have seen nowhere else. When it is not raining, you can sit outside and enjoy people watching or to be on your laptop or tablet with their free wifi. Just ask the great people inside for the password. While this isn't a place to come spend hours like at Starbucks or other places, it is great for a lunch break or to spend some time in the afternoon.Every day is a different roast brewed up. Just ask what it is for that day. They also tend to have a dark and a light roast "on tap". Coffee not your thing? They have loose leaf teas for both hot and iced tea. Seriously, this is the best place around not only the East End, but in the city as far as I am concerned. You can also catch them at First Friday art crawl and farmers markets around town. Just look for the black and white Zeke's sign for a taste beyond compare.
5	A great hidden germ in East Liberty. Best coffee and it's a small place but it's awesome. Support small coffee shops. No wifi but that's ok enjoy the wonderful view out side. But still come for great coffee place that's better starbucks.
5	You can't compete with Zeke's. Their coffee is wonderful, service is great and they also sell Leona's Ice Cream which is made locally with ingredients from local farms. Can't get much better than that! Add caramel to your dark roast coffee. You won't be sorry!
5	Went to Zeke's this morning on the strong recommendation of a friend. Impressed by the very good coffee, and by the friendly and sincere atmosphere. Will definitely be back.
5	Not only delicious coffee, but a helpful and knowledgeable staff happy to answer your questions about the difference between (and history of) Americano, Lattes, etc.
5	I'm more of a tea drinker most of the time, but I've stopped at Zeke's a few times...the Samatra, Steel City Blend, Three Rivers Roast, and French Roast were all top notch.  I prefer good, strong, black coffee--and Zeke's gets it right.  Furthermore, their staff is super helpful when I have no clue what to order.  Also, they have Leona's ice cream sandwiches...yes, please!  I recently went to a meeting catered by Zeke's, and I highly recommend it.
5	This place is wonderful! The coffee is great and the people there are super nice and friendly. This is my favorite coffee place in Pittsburgh (oh and there is wifi now)
4	It's a little tight but the staff is friendly and quick. I'd love to see them update the seating though. That said don't let that stop you from getting a great cup of coffee.
4	Great little coffee shop in East Liberty.  It's not in an area where I'd expect to see a coffee shop like this.  Across the street are run down buildings with grafitti, but I hope the area is on it's way to improving.  They have a cozy atmosphere with a small amount of indoor and outdoor seating and free wifi.  All the staff were very friendly and efficient. They sell their own roasted coffee which they use in their coffees served there.  I was a little disappointed they didn't have any options like pour overs or french press, but only standard drip coffee or espresso options (which is the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars).  I had an Americano which was quite good.  I'd like to try their Cold Press sometime when the weather is nice again.  They also have a few pastry offerings.
5	I went back again and had the drip coffee this time and it was amazing!  Even though it was just a standard drip coffee made in bulk that had been sitting there awhile, it tasted like the quality of a pour over or French press but for only $2!  I need to go back and find out what beans they used in it.  Definitely the best standard drip coffee I've had in Pittsburgh.  So I'm upgrading this to 5 stars.Also they do have Wifi--another review said they didn't so maybe that was added more recently.**I went back later and realized they actually have several varieties of drip out though they just asked me if I wanted "light" or "dark when in reality there were about 5 different kinds.  They let me sample them all so I could find the one I liked last time and buy the beans for that, which was super awesome.  I would encourage them to list the coffees they have each day on a board so people know what the specific options are and the varieties they are drinking. I would also suggest they add a roasting date to their coffee beans since they are roasted locally and are clearly pretty fresh.
5	Never had a bad brew from this place. It stands apart from a coffee SHOP, being a true coffee HOUSE that not only makes delicious coffee (among other things) and takes pride in crafting an art. Forget your Starbucks. This is real coffee.
5	Cappuccino perfection. I live in the Carrick, but drive here just for college sometimes.
