3	the local branch of this chain store just opened here last week. the style is nouveau-vintage clothes, dormroom knick-knacks, drinking games in a box, and books with risque titles ("put this on your coffee table and your friends will think you're cool"). in summary, they sell pre-packaged hipster.now, i am sure the dyi hipsters out there will bemoan this, just like they love to hate starbux. but, for the rest of us this isn't such a bad thing. this town in general and campustown in particular would benefit from more such stores, especially given the dearth of men's clothing options. unfortunately the men's section in this store is actually quite small, and many prices will probably be out of reach for most college students (see $150 diesel pants). minus one star for that.minus one more star for the poor choices in the window display. unless the early 90s are back again (think kurt cobain and "my name is earl"), the plaid shirts scream mullet. so don't let that fool you, and step inside where things get a little better.
2	Eric's got some points.  I'm sure it is good for Campustown to have more stores, but it's somewhat nauseating to have left prepackaged hipsterdom on the West Coast (and legit hipsterness as well), only to run smack into its most bottom line corporate cousin 2,000 miles away.It's terrifyingly expensive and annoyingly mass marketed.  I like many of the things in UO, but I'm not buying them for $50 when I could find them other places for $5.  And when they have all the soul and uniqueness of a suburban mini-mansion.
4	For an UO, it's not bad. It's geared toward students of course so the selection isn't as "edgy" as one might hope. Plenty of nice stuff at prices that won't totally break the bank. Hipster-y, yes, but it also fills in the gap that Marrakech, Paris' Boutique, etc. have tried (and failed) to fill over the years. As campus is waaaay far from the Goodwill and even downtown Champaign is a considerable trek, UO gets points for sheer convenience. They're open til 9pm most nights so if there's an emergency run for shoes / date threads / a dress for whatever formal stuff goes on in college, UO is a pretty safe bet and it's closer than the mall.The staff is very sweet and helpful, the store is kept organized and the sale section is a permanent fixture. And the big upside for the skint populus is that a lot of used UO clothing will land itself in our local Goodwill for a pretty nice price.
4	Ahh, Urban Outfitters. If I had the money, a gargantuan part of my wardrobe would be from here. I love that word, gargantuan. I so rarely get to use it in a sentence. Alas, I'm but a waitress and poor college student. Therefore, I have spent the amount of money that SHOULD award me a gargantuan allotment of wardrobe, and ended up with not even enough clothes to make it through a week.I really love Urban Outfitters. People complain about the prices, and it's true, they're what I would classify as slightly overpriced. But their clothes are very unique and worth it a lot of the time. They had these long sleeve plaid shirts for girls that I thought were adorable. I bought one for $60 (rather have no lunch for a couple of days, I suppose) which is admittedly kind of ridiculous if you don't have a disposable income. And it's in the heart of a college campus, so none of us do. The point being...I really wanted another shirt, the same one in different colors. I searched, online and in person, as many places as I could think of. Nothing similar for any cheaper. So I rolled my eyes and bought another. Some of their clothes are one of a kind. On the flip side, some of them are hipster cliches. I'll leave that up to your judgment.The staff at this one has always been super nice to me. I told an employee once I knew the two things I wanted to buy were on sale online, and even though they weren't on sale in the store, she gave them to me for the prices with no hesitation. They're helpful and friendly.Also, look out for sales. I once was in love with a dress they had, but it was way too expensive. I happened to find it on sale later for $15, which was a religious experience for me. They have amazing sales relatively often.And, I wish I had more money to decorate my place with their stuff. Love.I live off campus. The location is inconvenient if you do, because parking on campus is a motherlover. I suppose this is good, because if they were closer to me, I'd be even more broke than I am now.The downside is the price...definitely expensive. But it's not their fault that I'm poor. Wait. Yes, it is.
4	I'm ashamed to admit I'm a fan because I do try to get all of my clothes from thrift stores. That being said, the thrift stores in central Illinois just aren't that great. Unless you have a lot of luck (which I don't) it's really difficult to dress yourself well if you just shop second-hand in Champaign-Urbana. What others have said about Urban Outfitters being hipster in a box is true and it is overpriced. It's weird because they seem to cost more than their locations in Chicago and St. Louis but maybe that's because I shop sale and there's more sale items in the bigger stores? Nonetheless for central Illinois they do have a lot of unique stuff and if hunt through the sale you can find things at decent, and sometimes even cheap, prices. On a final note, there's a lot of yappy annoying undergrads that flock to Urban Outfitters on the weekends so try to go on off hours.
4	This is one of the few places that I shop when I come to Champaign. The mall is kind of lacking this sort of style, so if you're willing to go to campus, this is the spot!
3	Never bought anything from there, but I love the look and the feel of the place. The books they carry make me giggle and they have plenty of nick-knacks and other things upstairs. Whenever I am roaming on campus town, I stop in and get an eye full.
4	Helpful staff....I will have to lose weight to shop here much though
5	There are so many interesting book~ just got three from there and they help to make my studies life more interesting~
5	Love this urban outfitters especially for their sale section. They're always having awesome college deals and this is the most convenient place for college aged women to shop at in champaign since it's on campus and has super cute stuff. The staff is really nice too and awesome to talk to. Definitely one of the better urban outfitters I've been to when it comes to a sale section.
3	It takes a huge space. I rather see they open a forever 21 or HM on this prime location on campus.clothes are in trend but sizes are small and prices are high except for sometimes they might have sales.
