3	The first time I visited this store it was just about the best furniture shop I had ever been in. I reviseted the store hoping to find a bed that the girl and I had fallen in love with to find they had completely revamped the store.They are now more of a boutique store with more clothing and accessories than the incredible furniture that I had fallen in love with.The store is still pretty rad and certainly visitable but I was disapointed at how little furniture they now had including a lack of the bed I wanted.They have Sailor Jerry stuff and Tokidoki which is always cool...crosses and nick nacks. The store has an overall cool feel to it.Not a bad shop to check out if in the area, but I won't go out of my way for the furniture again. If you are a lady who is of the style persuasion that likes the Tokidoki and Sailor Jerry type stuff and you live on this side of town this place is a real gem.
3	I went to Pink House for the first time over the weekend and found their clothes to be quiet nice. Some clothes/shoes/accessories are on the pricey side, but other things are affordable. They have some great, one of a kind things. I saw a sign in the store that said they have new shipments in weekly. I live somewhat far from this shop, but I would definitley make a monthly trip to check out the new stuff.
4	The pink house has an eclectic range of clothing. The prices range from pretty expensive to affordable. It's not just a clothing store either, it has furniture and home accessories. The girls that work there are super cool. And if you are a local artist, the owner rents out space. I would recommend anyone that is looking for something other than the typical mall store to check this place out. And for local artist and clothing designers to check it out as an opportunity to get your stuff out there!
4	This place is pretty cool.  You walk in and... it's like a pink balloon filled with pink paint exploded.  It's EVERYWHERE.  Looks good though.  Very tasteful.A lot of their items are very "goth"ish and on the "dark side"... not much of the prissy stuff you'll find at Forever 21.Very cool stuff.  They had these pictures that were framed of these hilarious scenes of drunken olives and all kinds of stuff... and, true to goth culture, Betty Page.I wandered around... my psychic magnetism tends to draw me to sales... and I found these insanely cute t-shirts... one for $8 and the other for $12!!  I was so excited.  Bring that crap on.I even found David and Goliath shirts... they were actually selling the shirt I purchased at the store in the Venetian in Vegas!!  (the Spooning Leads To Forking shirt... it's flipping awesome.  Every time I wear it I get a compliment.)  They had a number of other shirts by that company... very funny catch phrases, like Ms. Lush, showing a picture of a drunken cartoon girl with pigtails. LOLI was overall pleased with this place.  The lady who rang up my stuff was really cool too and gave me a coupon to come back.I will definitely be back.
5	Where do I start?  As a shopper, writer and publicist I love Pink House.  Danica, the owner, is amazing.  We used her apparel on a few morning show segments for our models and fell in love with her store. The staff is laid back and friendly, the store decor is fun and flirty and the apparel is trendy and affordable. Some jewelry and shoes are pricey, but you won't see anyone else wearing it, so its worth the price. Basically, you can find an affordable outfit and a unique piece all in the same place.My favorite part of Pink House is the home decor items placed throughout the store. From unique decor accessories to full sized eclectic furniture...its definitely worth the visit. Unfortunately, Pink House is sooo far from where I live, but when I am close I always stop by.
5	I have been to a downtown historic Glendale several times and can't believe I have never been in this little darling! A girlfriend and I came to the area for the sidewalk sale but didn't really make it since we spent most of our time in this shop. Pink House had a great mix of new and used clothes for women with some sections for kids, men and some household items. While I thought some of the clothes were on the pricier end, there were a large number of affordable items. There were also a ton of things I found adorable and stylish. This is one of those places that you will always find something new and different. Although the clothing is what drew me in, I left with a couple of necklaces, a bracelet and ring. They had this great shelf with beaded rings for $4. Can't beat that! This is one of those places that can appeal to a diverse crowd. It has clothes that are flirty/feminine, vintage/thrift store finds, the retro/50s look along with gift items (stationary, reusable bags, jewelry, etc). I cannot wait to go back when I have more time....such a cute shop!
2	I heard about this place and wanted to take my girlfriend here cause I wanted to buy her a new dress. She loves vintage anything and wears vintage dresses all the time. She had picked out 5 dresses and tried them all on. Two of the dresses she said did not fit right, like they were stiched wrong but she did get two very cool dresses. I have one complaint and for me its a big one. When you walk in to this place you are expecting oldies music or mabey punk rock rockabilly music but no its fu$#ing rap crap. There is nothing more anoying then trying to shop and have to listen to very loud  bullshit RNB and rap music. The hispanic girl running the store was very bitchy and i was very close to picking up the radio and tosssing it on to Glendale ave so it could be ran over and destroyed. My god I wanted to tell her but by the looks of things she could care less who she was affending. Even my girlfriend said i  would like to come back and look at dresses but wont cause of the music and the horrable attitude on the women that was runnin the store at the time. The rap music was so loud and anoying it totally took away from being a cool little vintage shop. I guess thats what they listen to in that shit hole part of town they are in. I hate Glendale and I will never like it.
5	Made my first trek to historic Glendale today, and stumbled into this beauty of a treasure!  Loved it!  The co-op set up was really cool, and loved the different variety of products.  From bows to pin-up fashions, vintage inspired aprons to jewelry, all sorts of yummy fashions and gifts.  Next time when in Glendale I am stopping in, its a feast for the eyes for sure!
5	Another find via Local First AZ Independence Week, the place gets an extra star for being a co-op style boutique... this has got to guarantee variety and uniqueness (so I hope, I'm often in Glendale visiting family...bonus the 60/Grand Ave entrance is right around the corner).The place did make me wish I was a decade younger, as they trend twds punky chic to gothy (cute) skulls.  I'm not so cool to pull off that look, but there are some good finds here.  Some of the clothes definitely reminded me of the items you find in the cheap Hong Kong street markets as well, cute but disposable.
4	Very cute place! We went here for the traveling pants sale, but ended up not liking any of the those brands. The boutique has a lot of very cute clothes and for decent prices. The jewelry is hand made by the owner and is very affordable! Got some cute tops and cardigans that are pretty unique, which is what I love about boutiques :)
3	I have been to the glendale historic district about 3 times now but missed dopping into the Pink House.Today, i made a trip just to do so ! The store has a variety of recycled items that look really unique.I luved the small tote bags they had but didnt find one in the size/color i wanted.Hopefully i will next time.The store has about 5-6 sections with clothes,jewellery,shoes,bags etc from different artists.If you are luking for unique peices of jewellery you will luv this place.I didnt find the clothes meeting my style.They has skulls printed on quite a few of their outfits,not my style !I had my eye on a pair of lovely pair of small cushions called the pink hearts" though the cushion itself wasnt heart shaped but had heart shapes cut into it.beautiful combination of red and pink.I am glad i picked it up.It was the last 2 in the store.So, though i spent like 40 mins at the store all i piked up was this pair of cushios ( $6 each ) , and what make me happy is the fact that they are UNIQUE !!!!  So if you are luky, you will find something too that suits your style.Have fun at the Pink House !
5	I love this store!  I wish it was closer to me, but is worth the trek over to Old Town Glendale.  The first time I went there I was blown away by all the cute things they had at very affordable prices.  I literally had to do a double take at a top I was going to try on that I was expecting to be around $60-$70 and was only $15!!!  Amazing, amazing selection.  There is also a children's section, where I got my son some second had shoes for $3!  So awesome, I will definitely be back.
5	I love this place...my kids love this place...even my husband loves this place. If you are OVER mall stores and want something unique fun and priced just right...you have to go. Plus they are local and keep our AZ Dollars IN AZ!!!!
3	-When I first walked in, the three employees were gathered around the register chatting...looked like the Kardashian sisters.-There were a lot of furniture pieces like you find at World Market/Pier 1, is it a furniture store? Co-op? Clothing Boutique? I guess all three.-The furniture looks out of place, it's like "we're a furniture store now trying to be a cool, hip artsy boutique..." -The store had a mish-mosh of stuff, newer clothing, jewelry, furniture, rockabilly/goth clothing, retro antiques, handmade things, Blue Q bags, etc...different dealers/vendors?-Bright pink and red painted on the walls...thus the name of the shop. I think there was also pastel pink, bright purple, and blue too. The bright colors and blaring music can give you a headache, ("let me outta here!")-Prices were pretty decent, saw some things that were inexpensive.-Parking can be convenient (along the front) depending on the time of the day or weekend. If you visit here during the weekend or cooler weather, you can park in the parking garage behind the BofA building.-I might stop back in if I was in the area. Interesting place.
5	Danika is awesome, and so is this store.  I usually stop in once a month or so to check out what's new.  It's a favorite for picking out bday gifts for my girlfriends, or a cute top/dress/outfit for myself.They also have a lot of antique furniture for sale.  Love it!
5	I go to the pink house about once every couple of weeks or so and they always have new things in there.  I'm a big fan of sugar skulls so I enjoy that they have a whole area dedicated to them! (Lady Muerta section) Definitely a place to stop while you walk around downtown Glendale!
5	This place.is.amazing and I will be returning...i went here today and immediately when I walked in I was in amazement...it is so hip and fun and fabulous...it is like nothing I have ever seen in arizona...it looks like it should be in new york or san francisco or even LA...it is so colorful but yet dark too...the way the store is set up is its divided.into several areas/sections...it is to represent the different artists/designers/genres...you have to be there to completely understand...i love the diverse styles they have in there I think everyone could find something here...they have everything from clothing to accessories...handbags...furniture...childrens items...fun gifts...and so much more...i am not giving this place enough justice...the prices are awesome...i love how this place has such an appreciation for the local talent and are willing to give them a great opportunity...this place is beautiful...the two that were in the store were.nice they just let me browse.and walk through...they greeted me when I came in and smiled...i would love to get involved in this place...everyone should give this place a try...i wish it was more centrally located but being in old glendale is kind of cool...its just not near me...but I will make the trip!!!
4	What's not to love about this place... perfect for gifting... they have such unique products and a fun place to shop... A must go see.
5	I LOVE THIS STORE!!!! The Pink House Boutique has everything I've ever dreamed of buying! (I recently bought the cutest La Muerta Dress here & lots of dreamy accesories). If you love vintage & modern fashions, shoes, accessories, furniture, purses - the list goes on & on!!! I LOOOOVVVEEE this store & I will definately be coming back for  more!
5	A co-worker has been telling me for months I would love this store, and to come check it out. So I stopped in on my way home from work to try to find a dress for a funeral I'm attending. Really glad I did.The place is very cute, and there's a lot of selection without the place being over crowded. It wasn't exactly what I was expecting (more "vintage inspired" than actual vintage) but I was like a kid in a candy store here. The girl working in the shop was very helpful. The music (as one reviewer complained) wasn't loud, and it definitely wasn't rap. There are several different brands and things, as well as lots of handmade accessories and what not. The prices are unbelievable. The dress I went home with today was $28. I own something very similar I bought at unique-vintage and paid $165 for. They carry lollyPOP vintage clothes. Which are beyond cute. And saved me the trip to the actual lollyPOP store, which is where I was headed next.The only things I didn't like about the store were completely unrelated to the actual store. A group of women came in acting silly and making jest at some of the "gaudier" items (aimed at women much younger than them). Personally, I find that rather disrespectful not only to me (who is in there shopping because clearly these items fit my personal style) but to the owners/employees of the store. Sigh.And then there was entirely too much Hello Kitty stuff. Just not my thing. But if you like Hello Kitty, definitely check this place out.Great shop, and great experience. Thank you!
5	Pink House is one of the most unique stores I have ever been in.  Selection of clothing, jewelry, purses, and so much more. Reasonably priced. Atmosphere is great! I have bought several things there, and are always reasonably priced. Danica and the rest of the girls are always friendly and helpful.They also have a resale shop in the back that is awesome. Such great deals!Always worth a visit!
1	Cute stuff but the worst customer service! A very unfriendly atmosphere where the workers constantly looked at you with disdain and resentment. I felt like I was being watched and followed the entire time. We never received a friendly greeting nor felt welcome there. On top of that, the dressing rooms had literally nothing to hang your clothes on. I had to drop my clothes including the ones I wanted to try on on the dirty unswept floor. I didn't buy a thing solely because of the unpleasant atmosphere. Will never go back to an establishment who treats customers in that manner.  Total turn off and disappointment because I did like the clothes.
5	Pink House Boutique is a gem! The nondescript front window of this unique store does not do it justice.Its interesting layout and eclectic merchandise reminds me of the pricey Anthropologie in Scottsdale. Except that Pink House's prices are reasonable. It is mainly unique womens clothing and accessories attractively displayed. Things you will not find at the mall.The younger crowd, teens thru 30s would like their cotton dresses, cute tops, embellished leggings, short shorts, and stylish skirts. But I am sure as an older woman I could find something cool there too. An interesting store to visit.Located in downtown Glendale the area is moving away from dreary antique shops to cute places to shop like this one. Check it out!
5	today i was shopping at the pink house boutique ... what a cute shop very different  the customer services was great! lots of cute things my favorite was all the hello kitty hand bags! i just love that shop i cant wait to go back again.. i would tell all my friends to shop at the pink house!  i had a great experience! and dont forget the resale shop located in the back of the shop
