1	This place is always extremely crowded with people and merchandise, especially during the Halloween season. Most of the temp help is around 15 years old (and lack basic customer service skills), and the store is dark, dirty and disorganized. I hate going to this store.I put my feelings aside yesterday because they had a Halloween costume I really wanted. Actually, I THOUGHT they had the costume I wanted, since I called them, they said they had it, and allegedly they put it on hold for me. However, when I arrived the costume was nowhere to be found and they had no extras. After waiting over 10 minutes to talk to a manager, I was offered no apology, no explanation and only the option of checking other stores inventory. After spending another 20 minutes of my life while the manager called two more stores (none of which had my costume) I left empty handed and irritated.From now on I will go to great lengths of inconvenience to never set foot in this store again.
2	Dirty store. Cashier was to busy playing with the helium balloons to help customers.
1	We've been to this location three times, I think we have tried to be fair and non-judgmental, but on each visit the customer service has been little to none!  Like another review stated, they are too busy playing with the balloons to help customers.  If you are going to play with the balloons, at least acknowledge me while we wait for you to be done with the balloons.Highly recommend anyone to take their business elsewhere for party needs!
1	I made a quick trip here to get a tiara for the birthday girl before heading to her birthday dinner. I was planning to be in and out within 5 minutes, but that didn't go as planned. I chose the tiara with no problem because they didn't have a big selection for adults. I proceeded to the checkout counter, and this was where my patience was tested.I was next in line while another woman was being checked out. She left to find another item that she could purchase. Fine, she couldn't be that long, right? Wrong! There were three workers there, so I asked the girl at the counter if anyone else could check me out. I had one item in hand, which could have easily been rung up and done within 2 minutes, max. Her response, "yes, he could, but he's busy with the balloons." Really? You couldn't ask him to quickly ring me up? Would I be taking him out of his helium filled wonderland? I stood there for what seemed like forever, staring at all three, and they all stared back. No one did or said anything. Finally, one of them came to her senses and asked "are you ready to be checked out?" Uh, really? No, I was just standing here because I have nothing better to do with my time.It might be time to hire people over the age of 15, because this kind of customer service will surely keep people away. If you have a lot of time to kill, and like staring contests, be my guest!
1	Excuse me while I rip out my hair for a moment. I am a nanny for two children, and we were on a quest to find them both Halloween costumes. One of them is terrified of the Spirit Halloween stores in the valley, and this was the only place he wasn't too afraid to go to, so away we went. For starters, this place is dirty, cluttered, and unorganized. The girl I watch had little problem picking out a costume, but the boy couldn't find anything that fit right or met his expectations. Finally, he found a Luigi costume he liked, but they didn't have his size. We left the first night putting the girl's costume on hold (so her mom could pick it up, since they don't take debit cards) and nothing for the boy in hopes of finding his costume at a different Party City. When I picked the kids up from school a couple days later, they had gone with their mom to pay for the girl's costume and buy the boy a Wario costume. The Wario costume in the store had broken when he tried it on, and when he got home, the new costume broke in the exact same place. So we took it back. And he found another costume he liked, and I again had to put his costume on hold for his mom to pick up. The cashier did not write down the mom's name because her pen didn't work and simply said, "I don't need to write down her name... I'll be here." Needless to say, when their mom came home with the costume, a pretty important piece was missing (and it wasn't missing when we put it on hold), and part of the costume was torn. So for a third time, I trekked back to Party City to see if I could get the missing part. In the end, I did get the part with no apology and part of the costume still ripped. Each time we went, the cashiers were extremely unprofessional and obnoxious. I will NEVER step foot in this place again.
1	This place is always a disappointment. Cheaply made, overpriced products. The selection in the store is very limited and they don't have everything that they show on the website. You always have to wait to check out, even when there are only a handful of customers in the store.
1	I once loved to shop here but not any more, rude and dirty stores.
1	Hated this place.Essentially closed down and complete waste of my time. Wish I had known as I literally drove 45 minutes to get there...
4	I don't understand the bad reviews. It's a brand new place in a brand new location that's much bigger and better than what it was before. I love the selection, I actually got more than I expected out of it. And there was a service employee in every aisle so there was no shortage of help. The staff are friendly and available. It would've been five stars if some of the items weren't so expensive. Otherwise its a great place to get party items.
1	Horrible customer service!! So bad I decided to leave my cart filled with New Year's Eve party decorations because of the employees attitude. Especially the young boy at the register. Train your employees before you let them handle customers! I blame management for the horrible service. You lost out on a sale Party City!!
