4	The new great 24/7 breakfast place on the Strip! [/obligatoryhype]Now that that's out of the way, this is a place that you should definitely check out if you're remotely tolerant of starchy breakfast items. It's one of the slew of restaurants in the brand-new, relatively navigable SLS. Just FYI, self-parking (accessible on Paradise Rd. just south of Sahara) was fine although it could certainly get worse.Unfortunately, the meal did not start off on a positive note. A server did not come to greet me until 10 minutes after I joined my friends at their table, and it took at least 15 minutes for me just to get some water and a coffee mug. Heck, even that somehow devolved into a three-trip process (coffee press and glass of ice, then water pitcher, then coffee cup). My tablemates were apparently there for even longer without being able to order. It's even sadder when you consider the pack of employees seemingly always huddled around the cashier station (check out Norm's photo when he posts it). Thankfully, Michael complained and got the manager to switch servers, and service was fine afterward.I'm not a coffee person, but I'm sure enthusiasts will enjoy the French press coffee with complimentary refills, and tired people (yours truly) will enjoy the caffeine. I did also have a taste of a "boozy shake" that I'm reasonably sure was the Saturday Morning Fever (how appropriate), with vanilla bean ice cream, griddled buttermilk cake, Bailey's, Kahlua, and sweet cream. It was sweet and creamy with just a hint of alcohol, although I'm not sure I'd pony up $15 for it for anything other than a special occasion.Food-wise, I was able to sample four items with benevolent benefactor Michael U. and the wonderful Norm K. this morning. First round included the "Peanut Bubba" French toast. It's based on a traditional French toast but is coated in an excellent peanut butter crunch that gives it an otherworldly flavor. With the powered sugar and vanilla whipped cream on top, I didn't even need maple syrup for this one. By far my favorite of the meal.Next up was the "Mouthful of Yum" brown-sugar banana pancakes with crushed Butterfinger and Godiva Chocolate Liqueur (and a whipped cream made of said liqueur). Loved the moistness, the crunch, and the moderately sweet flavor. I can see this being a repeat order as well.Second round included the "Devil's Daydream" French toast, which is basically dark and bittersweet chocolate plus bourbon. It didn't quite mesh with my palate even after the addition of maple syrup, so I didn't go back for seconds. I can see how it would appeal to some though. We also had the "Sow Your Oats" pancakes with honey, cinnamon, and rolled oats. It was a little dry, so I found myself going back to the other pancakes, but it's still flavorful and can pass muster with maple syrup added.We all left quite satiated. Actually, we probably would have finished the whole breakfast if they hadn't upsized the second pancake order to three oversized monstrosities (instead of just two oversized monstrosities). I wouldn't recommend ordering more than one item per person unless you're willing to take leftovers to-go (in a pizza box, no less, due to insane pancake proportions).The food that we had is definitely great. While I didn't personally enjoy all of the items as much as I would have wanted, I recognize that there's quality in the recipes and in the kitchen's execution. I know that their menu has more savory breakfast and non-breakfast items (eggs, burgers, sandwiches, etc.), but considering that I got to try a few of what seem to be their specialties, I'm giving a generous four stars under the very important assumption that the service improves in the future and that the food remains the same or also improves.
3	I had eaten once at the Griddle Cafe on Sunset Boulevard in LA so I was really looking forward to having one in my home town.  Yesterday was opening day for the general public at the Griddle Cafe in its new home in the SLS Hotel and Casino.Three of us met here so we could enjoy a number of different items.  We ordered two pancake selections and two French toast selections and specified the order in which we wanted to get the selections with a time out period between the two waves.  We also ordered coffee.  All their coffee is served French press style and you can choose the boldness of the coffee.As for the food, we got two pancakes of Mouthful of You, three of Sow Your Oats, 2 slices of Devil's Daydream French toast, and two slices of Peanut Bubba French toast.    Flavors were excellent for all these breakfast items.  The Mouthful of Yum were brown sugar pancakes with banana and crushed Butterfingers with Godiva Chocolate Liqueur.  This was topped with a dollop of whipped cream which was also flavored with Godiva chocolate liqueur.  It was yum!  Rounding out the first course was the Peanut Bubba crunchy French toast.   Bread dipped in peanut butter crunch and topped with whipped cream and powdered sugar!  Truly a delight!  Course two soon started with the Sow Your Oats pancakes--we got three although we ordered a short stack.  Along with this we got the Devil's Daydream Bourbon French Toast.  The cakes were made with cinnamon, honey and rolled oats.  They were good but I found the cakes to be a bit dry.  I put some maple syrup on my slices, something I rarely do.  The Devil's Daydream French toast was made from chocolate bread that had been loaded with bittersweet chocolate chips.  The cooked bourbon was very evident in the flavor of the French toast.  Of the two, my winner was the French toast again.Understand when you go here, the pancakes are huge.  They are the size of a regular plate.  Leftovers are packed for customers in small pizza like boxes so make sure you order wisely.  Having three of us share helped destroy our tasty selections except for a small bit leftover.Now, the service, and the reason for only 3 stars.  The food is hands down 5 stars.  The service was awful.  Our initial server seemed oblivious to the fact we were there and lacked common sense.  He brought coffee for the 3rd person who came a bit late, but we had to almost trip him to get a cup so our friend could enjoy his coffee.  At the same time, he dropped off a glass of ice cubes and left without saying a word.  I watched him and eventually he picked up a pitcher of water and came over.About this time, we requested to see the manager and she was little help except for giving us excuses.  Opening day, worked graveyard shift, one of our best servers.  Really, you know this after one graveyard shift.  We were assigned a new server who was top notch.  All the while we waited trying to get service from the original server, we watched a comedy show, in a way, near the entrance.  See my photo here:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-griddle-cafe-las-vegas-4?select=lVk5skxNW62pHdd3XV2mjw#QjgTRvueMS5PgCC8vAvdNQAll these people doing little to serve the people that were waiting.I will come back.  This is a great place to eat and it's a 24/7 restaurant.  I hope they have the kinks and other opening day problems out of their system.
2	Opening Day - Saturday, August 23, 2014.  We arrived at The Griddle 15 minutes before our 9pm reservation.  I noticed it was very empty (see photo attached that I took from my table once I was seated).  We had to wait about 15 minutes for our table but I was 15 minutes early so that didn't bother me.  I was however bothered by a few things:---  I noticed that as people walked up to be seated without a reservation, they were being told it was a 45 minute wait list.  I found that odd considering the place was less than half full (again, see attached photo).  I can only guess they were short staffed on opening weekend and there is no excuse for that.  Better to have extra staff on hand than to be short and give people a bad impression.   --- When the hostess came to seat us, she walked us into a very empty room of booths and tables and took us to a small table rubbing elbows with the only other people seated in that section (the guys in the center of my attached photo, they tried to seat us at the table right next to them).    I always prefer a booth but I wasn't asked for a preference.  I think it's common sense with a wide open selection of tables to at least offer your guests a table that isn't on top of the neighbors.  At that point I requested a booth and pointed out that the restaurant has plenty of open seating.  The hostess seemed annoyed with my request but seated us at a booth on the back wall.  ---  I have to note that in the 15 minutes I waited to be seated at least 10 people approached the desk to be seated and were told it would be 45 minutes.  Many of them walked off.  With all those empty tables, there were not very many people seated during the time I was in the restaurant.  They could have made a lot more money if they had filled those tables.  The food however was delicious.  I had pancakes for dinner, the regular pancakes, none of the specialties.  Enough for 4 people but delicious.  My boyfriend had "The Last Amigo" tacos and said they were delicious.  He had some of my pancakes for dessert but I still left behind more than we ate.  I would go back, for the food and in hopes they have corrected their issues.
5	Let me get started with our server Christian, absolutely wonderful, came very often to check on our needs, and was very courteous, so the service was great...(and believe me, we ask for everything...) Food tasted good but the most impressive were the portions!!! They're HUGE!!!!! Everything is HUGE, they offer to go boxes, so don't be shy and take the leftovers for dinner! We had a chicken sandwich.. Delicious! And the Chicago Charlie scramble.. And we couldn't leave without trying their famous pancakes! We had the Red Velvet! Yum!! I'll sure be back! If u r looking for a very special breakfast, lunch or dinner be ready to check out The Griddle Cafe!
4	We got the pancakes which were HUGE!  You reall need to order one lol  the french fries were amazing!  Strongly recommend them.  Also, the post out front with the candy buttons are scratch and sniff!  Jason our bartender/server was very helpful.  Real nice guy....
4	Went for a late night meal. Decided to check out the new SLS hotel and tried Griddle Cafe. The Pancake Boozy Shake was incredible - I had the Golden Ticket. I also had the Eggs Benidict. Instead of using English muffins they used potato skins. Yummy! I will be back to try the pancakes next time and get another boozy shake.
5	Amazing! Be really hungry when you go their portions are huge! Worth every calorie! Everyone had different dishes but ALL yummy! I had the tuna melt with steak fries and it was the best I've had. My friend and the French toast and I had to have some it looked sooooo good and if course it was. A must try when in Vegas and it's great they are open 24/7. Service was great too we just had to wait a little long to sit but that's Vegas!!
5	I'm not going to waste your time by writing a long essay about how good the food is here because the longer you are sitting home reading this review is the longer you are NOT AT THE GRIDDLE CAFE EATING IT. there is a reason that the one in L.A. Always has a two hour wait. BECAUSE ITS SO GOOD. Not that I care about healthy options, BECAUSE PANCAKES THE SIZE OF TUBBY BABIES TOPPED WITH GOODNESS MADE BY UNICORNS, but there are ALOT for those that do.I recognized the owner from when I lived in Los Angeles and she came over for a chat and was incredibly lovely.ARE YOU STILL HERE READING THIS?Go already.VIVA LA PANCAKES(And other yummy vittles)
1	Worst experience!  Wanted it to be good because the LA is good.  No such luck!!Would rather go to IHOP than every go back!  The service was rude and very inexperienced.  The food was brought out cold and tasteless.Attention: Save your money, taste buds and sanity!  The LV Griddle is a waste of space!Please note: this place does not deserve the one star I was forced to give them!!!
4	Move the hell over Hash House; there's a new breakfast/brunch joint in town with pancakes just as oversized as yours! The Griddle Cafe is known as the "Disneyland of breakfast," for offering great pancakes and scrambles. I've been to the original one on Sunset in LA and they were spot on with the decor and ambiance. The place was packed on a Saturday morning, but the line moved quickly and we were seated within 10 minutes (as opposed to over an hour with Hash House). Their menu is pretty vast, but you only need to pay to their oversized pancakes and egg specialties. For sweets, we opted for the "Banananana" pancake and the "Mom's French Toast." Between four people, we could barely make a dent in the pancake. The thing I like about the pancakes and French toast is that they're good as is - the addition of any maple syrup actually makes it worse (way too sweet). For our savory options, we tried the "Poached y Papas" Benedict and the "Some like it HOT" Scramble. It's definitely the most creative Benedict I've tried; I loved the potato skin in place of the English muffin. The spicy scramble was as advertised especially if you like your eggs with an actual hot sauce. As a coffee fanatic, I could appreciate that their coffee is served French-press with complimentary refills. The medium roast tasted pretty dark to me, which I didn't mind, but beware. It was a great meal and we ended up taking a lot of leftovers back. There are some kinks to be worked out with the service, but The Griddle Cafe is off to a great start. Best of all? You can satisfy your breakfast cravings 24/7.
5	I've been wanting to go to the hollywood location for some in my search for my favorite pancake but never made cause i live in San Diego. But when i found out they opened one up in Las Vegas a week ago, I knew my sister and i would have to stop on our way back up to school in Utah. We stopped here and it exceeded all expectations. Griddle Cafe is in my top 3 favorite pancakes with Hash House and Cafe on Park both in SD. The pictures on here don't show how really big the flapjacks are here!!! A stack of 3 huge, fluffy pancakes that even I couldn't finish the whole thing ( i will next time for sure). We got the "golden ticket" and the "black magic" pancakes. The golden ticket is loaded with bananas and i mean loaded! then topped with caramel and their vanilla whipped cream. The black magic is tufted with literally a whole package of oreos no joke. also topped with their amazing whipped cream. There is no need for syrup on these bad boys. I was in heaven to say the least...then i fell asleep for 2 hours. Food comas are the best naps!
3	For dinner my boyfriend and I thought we would try this restaurant out.  My boyfriend dined at the one in Hollywood,CA before and he raved about it, so I was pretty excited. When we got there the hosts were very nice and pleasant. Our server was decent. The food was delicious, however they served us pico de gallo and tortilla chips, but it just didn't seem like pico de gallo. It seemed like guacamole ingredients that were just sitting on top of each other with chopped strawberries. Let's just say we will not be ordering their chips and "dip" in the future. The restaurant itself was not as trendy as I thought it would be. It was VERY casual. It was a little plain, the welcome area was pretty sheik, completely different from the restaurant itself.
3	30 min wait ( which was expected given it's a holiday weekend and it's new). The servers were all nice and very attentive! The food looked and smelled really good and  came in huge portions!! The food was just ok! The only thing that bothered me was as I watched one of the managers  help clear a table off he placed the new forks and knives on the seats!! I guess placing the utensils you eat w on the seat people place their asses on while u clear off he table is considered sanitary! As I watched him set the table I just shook my head!
4	This is my second time at The Griddle my first was at the original one on the Sunset blvd in CA. Both times the food was amazing! This place is definitely in my top three breakfast places in Las Vegas! I did not give them five stars because the service was slow, they ran out half and half for my coffee and had no bags for my to-go box.
3	Service was great and relatively fast considering the place was packed. There was always a guy to refill your drinks or bus the table. We had the Cobb omelette and Room Service pancakes. French press coffee and Vermont maple syrup FTW.Both were good, but if you're a local, one word... Babystacks. It's not the size of the pancake that matters, it's what you do with the batter :)
5	After hearing mostly positive reviews about Griddle Cafe it was time to try them out. We arrived around 11:30pm on a Saturday night during a holiday weekend and there were only a few tables with guests. We were seated immediately and began the task of picking what we wanted from the menu. There were choices from pancakes,French toast, eggs, burgers and more. We chose the bananana pancakes and the adddicted to noisella French toast.The Banananana- three oversized pancakes that have brown sugar based bananas cooked inside the batter, served with a dallup of butter and sprinkled with powdered sugar.  The came out still hot and tasted like warm banana bread. We didn't even use the syrup that was on the table, no need.Addicted to noisella - two  pices of their "moms French toast" with that beautiful chocolate hazelnut spread in between topped wth a  large dose of whipped cream. The whipped cream started melting from the warm French toast and and served as a sauce. The Nutella stated perfectly warm throughout the meal and every bite was quite satisfying.Service was on point. Our drinks were always kept fresh and extra napkins came to our table just in time without having to ask, yes we were messy.The food portions are enormous so look to share or be ready for leftovers. With their 24/7 hours I will definitely come here to eat again.
3	Definitely an experience, the largest pancake I've had plus 2 more underneath.  I mean just giant!  I've had the ones at Hash House which are similar but these come in 3 and are heavier so pretty good price for what you get and while I thought they would be overly sweet they weren't except for the Nutella French Toast, too much Nutella in there.  Our favorite from the few we tried was the Black Magic, Oreo filled pancakes which surprisingly weren't too sweet.  My two kids shared this and the rest if us had some too (party of 8) and only made it through the first pancake.Wholy Moly was a plain one but tasty with the butter and brown sugar topping, I guess whole wheat can be pretty good :)Also tried the banana butter finger one which was good, I'm just not a banana pancake person.Service was good.  And the kids liked the scratch n sniff wall.  I liked the cute pancake signs.  It's a lot of food so good they encourage sharing where I have heard other places charge for that but how could you not share, it's 3 super sized pancakes.  I was thinking there must be lots of food wasted with such big portions but I guess you can take it home for breakfast for the rest of the week if you can fit it into your to go box :)
4	What can one say. It was amazing. Service was spot on and friendly. Staff made sure you had everything you needed had one their egg dishes. The Caballero was great. It came with fresh home made tortilla chips. I never have seen chips like this even back at some great Mexican place. No room for desert so will need to go back thankful they are open 24 hours.
4	Great food and staff. The food takes a little too long to come out but definitely worth it! Make a reservation as the line to be seated tends to get very long
4	The only reason this did not get 5 stars is because a bottle of beer, regular ordinary beer was 9.00. And they never refilled our soda. Pancakes can get dry and you need a drink you know.  Other than that the pancakes were outstanding and the biggest I have ever seen in my life. You have to share them for sure. We got the ones with the oreos but can't wait to go back for more varieties.
4	Well I can't say much for the food myself cause a I got was an orange juice and a fruit bowl, fruit bowl was good but it's not hard to screw up lol. My friend got some French toast and sausage which he liked and ate all of. Big portions btw. Good service, staff was friendly. Scratch and sniff wall which is cute. Lol
4	The griddle cafe was all around excellent. My boyfriend got French toast, and I got the chicken avocado sandwich on Parmesan crusted bread. SO GOOD! We saw some pancakes come out, and they are seriously huge. I can't wait until I'm 21 for the alcoholic milkshakes! The only complaint I had was that the server did not French press my boyfriends coffee, and we were without water almost the entire meal. Otherwise, everything was great.
4	This was pretty freaking good I must say! I had the eggs benedict and French toast...delish! Portions are HUGE too! I had left overs to take up to my room.
5	This place is amazing.  Service is fantastic.  The GM Ceilidh extremely helpful and accommodating.The food come in huge portions you can split an order of pancakes with 3-4 people. They take up a large plate and come in a stack of 3.Shrimp Sandwich is really good.Cheesecake french toast makes you wanna slap yo mama.Went back to back days, and met cool patrons sitting next to us.
5	Fifth time here and i am always impressed by the food. Service has been excellent.   Tyson and Chris were more than accommodating as I never waited for drinks to be refilled even though I had 2 ice teas and water.  The mama's french toast was the best I have ever had and there was no need for any maple syrup which is a first for me.  Usually i need 8 oz. or more to eat it.  Bacon was.... well you know..BACON! AWESOME!  Music maybe too loud for some taste but good tunes nonetheless.
5	Came here for breakfast with my husband and kids.  Very creative pancake menu....we ordered streusel butterfinger, red velvet and Oreo pancakes along with the Benedict.  The pancakes were delicious!!! They should also come with a size warning....each order includes 3 pancakes 12 inch diameter.  We left enough food on the table to feed a small army.  French press coffee was a nice touch.  Fun atmosphere definitely gotta check this place out.
4	Excellent place for breakfast. Great vibe. Staff was friendly. Food was delicious. Tea setup was one of the better ones in the city. Soundtrack was engaging. Definitely the new Mr. Luckys. I can see this place packed late night with every night walker trying to nurse away the oncoming hangover with the hair of the dog and an extremely large omelette with tons of meat in it.
1	To start with there is a 35 minute wait to get in. Next we order after waiting 15 minutes for the waiter. 45 minutes to get the food all of which should only take 10-15 minutes. The restaurant had extremely loud music the entire time causing you to have to yell to talk to the wait staff. The AC was turned down so low we were freezing the entire time and had to put our drinks on the napkins to keep them from blowing away from the AC. Food was extremely overpriced for what you get. food was dry and tasteless the only flavor was from the condiments on the table. Would not recommend going there. We will never be back
4	I could see this place being the BEST invention in the world after partying at one of the clubs at SLS. Our table ordered two different burgers (one turkey, one beef), French toast, and eggs with potatoes. Food here is pretty big. Not Hash House big, but still massive. French toast was two slices bigger than my friend's face, and burgers came with a pound or two of potato wedges. The Mama Mia burger was tasty with a garlic sauce, mozzarella, and a roasted bell pepper with great flavor! The turkey burger was hailed as "real good" as well. My recommendation is to finish the burger first with just a few fries here and there so you don't get full trying to conquer the tower of pre-frozen potato wedges. That or bring really big (or really drunk) friends. Service was not particularly outstanding, but I feel like it's one of those hit or miss situations. The server that took the order and brought the drinks wasn't actually assigned that table, and the actual server didn't ever stop by. So we never got refills or checked on once the food came out.Prices are $13 on average for entrees. A solid drunken meal, hands down. Sober it's good too, though probably not a first on the list with a limited amount of time in Vegas. If you're with a family, maybe split an entree between every two people, and your breakfast tab should still come out affordable with full bellies.
3	The waffles tasted like cardboard because of their "secret recipe." The people working there were very nice though and the fresh pressed coffee was delicious! If you go here just don't get the waffles.. Also portions are huge so you might want to share!
5	Checked out this new breakfast 24 hour restaurant at SLS, and sat at the bar.  The bartender, Louie, gave excellent customer service!  I got the Old Fashioned pancakes, and it was the 2nd best pancakes I've ever had!  The portion size for the price you pay is amazing!  You could feed a family with my pancakes.. Thanks Louie!  We will definitely return! :Dps my fiancee got the pesto shrimp sandwich, which was amazing too!
5	They have consistency with great food and service.  They accommodated a salad order that some places just say we can't do that.  Briel was excellent waiter. Salad could feed family of four easily.
5	Dunno what everyone is complaining about.  Made an open table reservation online, walked downstairs and got seated immediately.  Service was stellar.  Food was phenomenal.  The banana pancakes were out of this world.  The tuna melt was the bomb!  Great all around!  Reasonable prices too!  What a great find!  Thanks!
5	The banana pancakes was amazing!  It is bigger than the plate so be prepared to eat or you can share it with 4 other people.  Apparently only one customer was able to finish it by themselves.
5	The SLS leadership hit it out the ballpark when they added this restaurant to their hotel. I am a local and about once or twice me and my son will eat out on the strip so we can feel like tourist every now and then. The CEO said he wanted a hotel that locals can enjoy.I want him to know this Griddle Cafe experience has made it hard for me to even think about breakfast at Denny's or IHOP. The menu is soooooo affordable and did I say affordable? You get so much for so less. The customer service is absolutely great. Shout out to my waitress "Lisa" for making us feel like we were the only ones in the cafe. She was always checking on us. The staff act like they really love their jobs. When we arrived the line was looped around the corner of the cafe. It almost discouraged me to leave until the front desk hostesses assured me that the line may look long, but it goes fast. She was right. We were seated in no time. That kitchen staff must have a lot of experience handling huge crowds. People were in and out. The front hostesses were very customer service friendly. Great job Stephanie!!!Our food was amazing and we will definitely be back. Great Job SLS!!!
5	My friends and I visited last weekend for brunch with a very large group (we've also been to the original in LA).  The wait was long to get in, and they don't take reservations.  However....The food was just fantastic and worth the wait.  The pancake portions are HUGE- all of the pancakes come three to an order, and each one is the size of a steering wheel.  Four of us could not finish the sow your oats pancake.  Also, their non-breakfast items are just as good as the breakfast items. These are tried and true items that you can't go wrong with:- Sow Your Oats Pancakes-Noisella French Toast (it's nutella battered french toast stuffed with nutella). - BBQ Chicken Tacos (they're called the "sunset hipster tacos" on the menu, which makes no sense, but they come with homemade tortilla chips that are fresh out of the fryer.  I liked the chips more than I liked the pancakes even)- Tequila Sunrise-Scotch on the rocks (butterscotch pancakes)- Wine and Cheese on Sunset Salad (huge chunks of blue cheese and avocado)The ONLY thing I didn't like was the coffee- I wanted an iced coffee, and a friend at the same table wanted a hot coffee.  So they brought us out one large french press with hot coffee, and I got a large cup of ice.  So I had lukewarm coffee instead of iced, because ice melts...  Also, they charged us $5 EACH for coffee, even though we shared one french press.
5	WOW!! is all I can say this place is just phenomenal, the food is out of this world and just killer. Our table ordered the Hear me Roar pancakes, Mom's French toast and the hook line and sinker tacos. Just to die for. Who thinks of  these creations. Our server Alexis is not only super fly but just a damn good server and treated us well. We will be back, the staff showed a lot of team work and helped one another out. Last thing the playlist with Michael Jackson is just dope! Thank you Griddle Cafe for a wonderful time.
5	Best thing ever to come Vegas. Don't confuse this with other "the griddle" restaurants that have been around Vegas.  This is The Griddle that I would wait in a line outside on Melrose Ave in LA for 3 hours just to eat the delicious breakfast. This is open 24 hours!  I have been 3 times to this location already.  The busiest I've seen it is 10am.  There was a 30min wait. We easily snagged seats at the bar and avoided waiting.  My first visit I requested my FAVORITE breakfast item using the "secret password".  The servers had no idea and I was absolutely bummed.  The owner I believe her name is Judy was an ABSOLUTE DOLL. She was so kind and accommodated my special request.  Cooked it for me herself!  So long as I promised to try the Mama's French Toast.  I can't get into detail about this secret password item. Not sure if I'm allowed to. (If you find out... It's amazing!) I tried the mamas French toast and I love it. Ordered it 2 more times after I think I am hooked.  Bread so thick.  The flavor is just perfect, addicting, and different from any French toast I've had.  I only use butter no syrup the way Judy suggested. WOW!  Side of bacon. 4 pieces very thick honey tasting yummy. Cooked even. Neither soft nor crunchy. Extensive menu so many things I would try.  Full bar!  Spiked shakes.  Everything!  Portions are huge. Appears entrees don't all come with sides. After ordering sides the tab really adds up. French toast, bacon, one egg, and milk $20. The servers are pretty nice.  I did try one of the cocktails consisting of Hennessy and frangelico. Took one sip hated it. The server asked me what I thought however after I voiced my opinion did not offer to change it.  I ordered it so I don't mind paying for it. Was just reluctant to buy anything more so I stuck with water.
5	This place is OVER THE TOP.I give it 5 stars because you can feed a family of four (hundred) on one meal.DO NOT ORDER AN ENTREE FOR YOURSELF.Rinse Repeat.DO NOT ORDER AN ENTREE FOR YOURSELF.We went there twice and had to take home food ... and we fed more than Jesus did with the leftovers... I think we fed 5027 people.  Sorry Jesus.Not so impressed with the sandwiches... we had the shrimp pesto... just too much sauce on that thing... but HUGE... and HUGE pile of fries for $ 14... MEAL FOR TWO.Breakfast was KILLER.  Meaning I will die young because I ate 17,307 calories in 45 minutes....Had the 3 eggs and Ham.  Ham for the entire nation of Belgium.My buddy had the banana pancakes... the size of manhole covers !  He took one home with him to use as a throw rug.... a very tasty throw rug.Not kidding... I've had pancakes for 4 days since we took those island size cakes home with us.If you don't eat there... just do there to look at the Monster Food...it will make you feel very tiny....
5	I would def have to recommend the Cobb Omelette, every bite was soft felt like a pillow. One thing I would like is a little more avocado but still it passed my taste test. I also suggest getting the Griddle potato I think it's called, very good with or without ketchup.
4	Got the chocolate chip cookie encrusted french toast......excellent stuff!.....topped with powdered sugar and butter, it was more than any one person could eat.  I was very hungry and I still couldn't finish it.  Also got a side of bacon, and wish I had ordered it crispy. It's a little pricey, but the quality and enormous portions keep me coming back.
3	Came here around 2:00 on a Saturday and the place was packed! I guess everyone wakes up late in Vegas. We were just 2 people so there was a ~5 minute wait. The waitress came by to take our order and check on us promptly and frequently.The food, once you get past the shock factor at the size of the portions, is pretty mediocre. We had the Hoagie Omelet and the "Addicted to the Noisella" (Nutella french toast). The hoagie omelet comes with "griddle potatoes" and garlic bread. Hooo boy after eating that garlic bread, I'll be able to keep vampires away for a week! The omelet was quite dense and came with sausage and cheese on the inside, with bell peppers and onions on top. It was mostly eggs and cheese with just a little bit of sausage. I wish the onions had been grilled, and there were several pieces of onion skin present. As far as flavor goes, a hearty dousing with tapatio was required for my preference.The french toast is huge and came with plenty of nutella. I wonder how big their nutella jar is in the back... mmmmmm. The french toast is pretty thin, though. I like thick slices of toast with lots of egginess, but I suppose if the toast was thicker and as big as it was, it would never be able to soak up anything. At first blush, although the prices are high, you think that it's a pretty good deal for how huge the portions are. But then you realize you just paid $5 for a side of bacon - 4 pieces! Yowch! Overall, if it wasn't for the novelty of massive portion sizes (although that doesn't really seem to be a novelty these days) and 24 hour breakfast so close to the strip, I'm not really sure there's anything that exciting to come here for.
3	Food was insane. Definitely one order of pancakes can feed 3 people. I had the Yellow Brick Road Pancakes which had caramel, pecan, and butterscotch chips. SO GOOD. The pancakes literally took over the whole plate, you would have thought I was eating them off the table.Service was really terrible. When I ordered, the server asked if I wanted a side of bacon. I said no (I'm a vegetarian..) He asked again, I said no, I don't eat meat! When my friends ordered sides of bacon he got very excited. Who knows, maybe they were having a bacon selling competition that day. Anyway, the last straw was when I was eating my delicious pancakes, he came and made ANOTHER bacon comment. He asked how the pancakes were, I said amazing, and he said "Yeah, but probably not as good since you didn't get bacon on the side". Ummm.... It wasn't just that though.. Water glasses and coffee cups were empty on our table for far too long. We asked for more cream, a glass of ice, and to-go boxes. He brought one thing at a time and had to ask us each time what else we said we needed. Not ok. I will definitely go back and hope for a different server, he really ruined my first trip to the Griddle. The food was just too good not to give it another try!
5	Wow! What an amazing choice of food ... we were struggling to pick what we wanted to eat, the staff at the griddle knows the menu, and makes suggestions based on there own personal experience...Harlon was our server, his knowledge of the menu is incredible!  He was polite, friendly and didn't rush us.  It's a smaller cafe, and when we were there it took us about 15 mins to get a booth ... Bottom line, I would recommend this establishment,  and I would recommend sharing a meal!
5	Two words: French Toast. It's a must order! The other reviewers that talk about the portion sizes are right - don't order your own entree. Between three people, we finished the French Toast but MAYBE ate 1/3 of the pancakes. The guy next to us was laughing at our plates (he ordered a sandwich). Little did he know, those are HUGE, too. Hahaha. No reservations, so the wait can be a little long (but worth it). It's a little loud in there, too, but hopefully the restaurant will eventually install some acoustic insulation.
5	I love that they serve breakfast all day!! I had the banana pancake & a side of bacon. I got the single pancake instead of the three it normally comes with. I barely finished 1/2 of it.  They were yummy! It was almost like having a dessert, instead of breakfast. My waiter was very attentive and the food came out quickly.  If your looking for a place that serves a wide variety of breakfast foods all day, and a very reasonable price you can't go wrong here.
5	Amazing breakfast at the SLS. We had no wait but when we left there was a line outside. So plan accordingly. But if in the area a MUST! We started with a mimosa and a bloody Mary, nice sizes. We shared the Mom's French toast(as suggested by our waitress) and boy was she right. AMAZING French toast and real maple syrup! The say cheese omelette has three cheeses Jack, cheddar and Mozzarella and the bacon is delicious. You cannot go wrong with anything. Staff is friendly and accommodating.
5	We were a group of 5.5 (5 adults and a baby!) & I thought I had a reservation here.  When we got there they didn't see it in their system.  Of course I want happy and tried to explain when I called a and I talked to a girl and... Long story short, I realized I'd made a reservation at another place! :OHowever Stephanie & Carla were super nice & sweet and tried to get us a table as quickly as they could.  They were so friendly from the beginning, even during the time that I was upset and wanted to know how my reservation had disappeared! Anyway, they were so focused on their costumer by not taking me being upset personally, & I wanna thank them and the griddle cafe management for being so focused on costumer satisfaction. Needless to add our pancake (eyes wide open) & the manhattan frittata and the speciality egg burrito (don't remember the name) were really good!
3	So in the reviews no one said that it was located in the casino. There was a line but you can always go straight to the bar like I did. They have so many different kinds of pancakes.  I ordered the cinnamon honey oat pancakes.  OMG they are beyond massive. Each pancake is 11 inches is diameter. I could not tell the flavor because the oats seemed to overwelm the taste. No one can eat all three 11 inch pancakes so get your to go box.  But I would go back and try something else on the menu.
5	The menu is phenomenal! From pancakes to tacos, there are so many options to choose from! The service was fantastic as well. Went with a group of 8, bought 2 types of pancakes to split between us), and our server kindly divided the price of the pancakes for us. I ordered the Grilled Chicken Sicilian Melt and it literally took my breath away. The serving was enormous, I had to take the other half of the sandwich home. The taste was perfect!The pancakes we ordered were "Black Magic" and the "Mouthful of Yum". Each bite would have the yummy fillings and delightful whipped cream; basically heaven in your mouth! The Griddle Cafe is absolutely a great place to have good company and spectacular food.
5	OMG!  Is this place great!!  I had the best grilled shrimp and pesto sandwich I'd ever had.  And believe me when I tell you the sandwich was huge.  I could only eat a quarter of it.  My husband ordered blueberry pancakes...three cakes were the size of a large birthday cake!!!!  I've never seen anything like it. And they were delicious.   Needless to say the leftovers came home with us.
4	This place has great food but the service is alright. I got the tequila jo's shrimp tacos and coffee and both were very good. The waitress was kind but our food and drinks took a very long time to come out and the food servers were very rude and impatient. In general, I think not only this restaurant but the entire SLS hotel is understaffed considering their recent opening and thus the service here wasn't any worse or better than the overall service we received from the hotel and casino.
2	(Serving) size doesn't always mean better.  Was disappointed with the pancake. I was so looking forward to this too after seeing the great reviews. The service didn't make up for the experience either. Love the hotel, but won't be rushing back to this cafe anytime soon.
4	I had been to the LA location before and enjoyed my food, and I was staying at SLS so it was a no brainer to come here for breakfast during my stay.  I got the cheesecakey Creme de la Creme French Toast at the LA location and really liked it.  I had leftovers so I finished it later for dinner after the drive back home to the Bay and it was still yummy.  Btw I'm weird about reheated food :p  This time I got the "Yellow Brick Road" pancake.  Yes, just a single pancake (by request), not a stack of pancakes, and it was still too much food!  It was good though :)  I'm a butterscotch and caramel lover so this was perfect for me!  It's basically butterscotch, caramel, walnuts, vanilla whipped cream, and powdered sugar.  My sister got the Wholey Moley which I didn't taste this time but did when we went to the one in LA - I remember liking it for sure.  We also got an egg dish to share, which came with eggs your way, hash browns, and toast (which we were too full to even eat).This is definitely a popular place.  We got to the restaurant a little after 7am on a Tuesday and it was almost completely full by 8am.  Come here hungry or split with a friend - the servings here are huge!!  Luckily I had been to the one in LA so I knew what I was in for.  There is a pancake here for everyone!
5	Came in cause my friend was hungry for a small dish, appetizer size not full meal. So we just sat at the bar area. What made me love this place wasn't necessarily the food (even though it was good) but more about the service. Our server behind the bar (mike, he laughed when I used his birth name Michael) he was really great to talk to, he was funny, entertaining. He left no one out in our group and make conversation with us all while preparing our drinks and putting in food orders. My friend just got a bagel with cream cheese- I mean how can u screw up a bagel? But oh my, there cream cheese is awesome! So airy and fluffy and smooth, yum! And we got some nachos with some guacamole dip, chips were fresh and crispy and dip was good! I got a rootbeer float with alcohol in it (listed on menu) so good! Could only have one cause it was sweet. I'd come back and I'd hope mike would be my server again. Cool dude.
5	So we came back in again and i just love the food here, we caught a glimpse of the owner Jodi. That was pretty cool. We met the manager Kyle he was awesome but man i feel bad for the type of ppl he has to deal with but he takes it all in stride. Our bartender Nick was great. We saw 2 guest get so upset over salad and man it was pretty ridiculous but Kyle took it and try to help but some ppl you can't help no matter how hard you try. So on to the food we had black magic and the hash it out, so damn good. We willback again with more friends.  The griddle cafe rocks
5	Hands down one of the better places I have eaten in Vegas. Most quick places are horrible, make you sick and are overpriced, but the portions here are HUGE and not to mention,  save yourself $15 a drink in the casino and GET THE PITCHER OF MARGARITA. It is hands down one of the best and strongest and largest margarita pitchers I have ever had. If my boyfriend and I had shared that alone we probably wouldn't have had to buy any more drinks. So so good, and their staff is amazing, very polite and helpful. The rest of the SLS blows!
5	Great food huge portions! The waiter was friendly and gave us our soft drink free for being locals. The nutella french toast is life changing! Not overly sweet but ine person could not finish them! My husband ejoyed his meal so much he has gotten it both times we were there.  The place is clean and nicely decorated
5	I really like this place. I just had breakfast here about 30 minutes ago with my sister. We arrived around 8am  and we were seated immediately. The last 2 times I came here, it was packed and I had to wait... but that was usually around 10am. We had french coffee, my sister ordered ham amd potatoes with egg, topped with sauce and avocado. I asked her what is the name of her dish... she doesnt remember. I ordered the shrimp BLT sandwich, without the B. Ok, whenever you eat at the Griddle.. be very hungry. Their portions are large. My sandwich came out and it was the size of my head. I was only able to finish half of it. Same with my sis... she only ate a corner of her gigantic ham. Lol. Thats ok, I got my food boxed up for later. Our server was so pleasant and friendly. His name was James. Thanks for the great service man! He actually recommended the shrimp blt for me.  =)
4	The Griddle has a HUGE menu, so be prepared for that when you arrive.  My friends and I dined on a Sunday evening and had no problem walking up to get a table.  There's not a TON of variety anywhere on the menu except the pancakes.  The dining room is comfortable and really cuts off the casino floor noise, despite being directly next to it.  My friends and I ordered a mix of breakfast (omelette) and lunch/dinner (fish tacos and shrimp pesto sandwich) items and were definitely satisfied.  The only thing I would have enjoyed is more flavor in the omelette and accompanying breakfast potatoes.  Our server seemed a bit off her game, but we all have off days, so we wrote that off.  If you're looking for a unique dining experience in a Strip casino, check out The Griddle.  I'm sure you won't be disappointed!
5	The service is great, the food is delicious!!!!The portions are huge!!! "Hash it out" is a little spicy but amazing it's enough for 2 people. You eat breakfast there and you are full all day!
4	Came here for breakfast.  Loved their banana pancakes.  WARNING:  it is huge and feeds 4!  Also had their Chicago scrambled eggs.  Everything was good and came out quickly.  Staff was friendly as well.
4	The food is AMAZING. Blueberry flapjacks are a must! The portion size was comically large. They also make a decent Bloody Mary. Only downsides:The wait. But yes it is worth it. Just be prepared for a line. The hours say it's 24/7 but every time I've been by it in the afternoon it's all closed up.
2	The food is good but the service is terrible. We were four people and they brought our orders one by one.. We went there for the breakfast and asked them to have wheat bread, we almost finished our food and they finally served us bread at the last moment.by the way it's too expensive for this kind of food and service.
2	Delicious food, terrible service & meh atmosphere.... I was invited to brunch here with a friend who had heard great things about the food. It's a Monday morning, casino is not packed but there's a little wait, which wasn't bad. First thing I noticed when we sat down was HOW LOUD IT WAS. The walls and floors are concrete and brick, so acoustically, the music echoed everywhere and we had to talk at a much more elevated level than normal... Every time the kitchen filled the utensils it added to the noise with so much banging. I can't imagine eating there while hungover, it would be like hell. Our waitress was super slow and didn't do any of the basic things you'd expect from a breakfast place- she never brought us cream for our coffee, when we finally asked it took over 10 minutes. When my friend asked to have the whipped cream for her pancakes on the side, we practically had to spell it out, like she had never had anyone ask this before. She failed to bring any butter to the table after the pancakes were served, it was an hour after we ordered that we were able to finally flag someone down for it. She didn't even bother to mention that the syrup was already on the table, tucked away in the corner next to the wall and looked at us crazy when we asked for some even though we told her at the beginning that it was our first time there.  At the end of our 2 HOUR breakfast (seriously....) I asked for 2 to-go containers, of course she brought only one. My friend asked for a separate container to put some whipped cream in, again, blank stare. I finally got pissed and said, "can you just bring a separate container for the whipped cream?!?" What did she bring us? A container full of brand new whipped cream! (We just wanted the stupid styrofoam bowl!) We were giving the server the benefit of the doubt because it was so hard to hear clearly in there, but after all that, she's just a flat out bad server. Even with the food being so delicious, I highly doubt I'll go back for a long time. I have better things to do with places much closer, better ambiance, and better service with comparable food.
5	Fast and friendly service. The portions are enormous- you've been warned. :) As of this review, my friend is the only person in Vegas to finish a full order of pancakes, and the manager comped our meal that night, which was a nice surprise. I've had the pancakes, French toast, and a burger, and have walked out more than satisfied each time. One of the few reasons to visit SLS. Be aware they're no longer 24 hours, and close at 4 pm Sunday-Thursday. It's not the biggest place, so it can fill up quick, and there may be a lineup, but it's worth it.
5	Great experience. Great food and great customer service. All the staff went out of his way to make sure that everything is ok. Not just our waiter, Joey, who was great too. We made a mistake describing exactly what we wish to take out of a certain dish, but they took the dish back with no questions asked, assuming responsibility for it. Dishes are big and you won't get out hungry! And everything was delicious too. Many morning items seem very interesting on the menu, too bad we're leaving the hotel tomorrow or else we'd try more stuff on the menu!
5	Aside from the weird guy upfront, great place! We had the tacos...bomb and the mamas French toast...omg those were some delicious French toast! Perfect! My husband had the burger, which I did not try but the said was amazing too. Having a place like this in your hotel is a must! Service was great and seating was great. We even had a Guy Fieri look alike. Little side note...if u care to read it. My husband took a jaw breaker from the candy bar while in line and the host guy totally overreacted and tripped on him. We didn't  know they were not up for grabs...I guess he prob always deals with drunk asses but he needs to learn how to handle that stuff. He looked like and idiot. He asked us to give it back and we did, lol, and he told the female host we could keep it buuuuut...well u know, it's just a jaw breaker.
4	this place is so cute for breakfast. look up at the signs. the first day i stayed at the SLS i saw the line wrapped around the casino for this place. i knew i would have to make some time to eat there.i stopped by on my way out. my flight was at 7 am so i stopped by at 5 am to get a quick breakfast. i had the french press and an oat pancake. it was GIGANTIC, bigger than the plate it was on. i was instructed to eat it from the middle. it was so big i couldn't finish it so it ended up being a giant pancake with a hole in the middle. it was delicious and quite an experience. the portions are big so prepare yourself!* they used to be open 24 hours but close during dinner (sounds weird but it makes sense).
3	My husband and I came here around 5:00 am on a Sunday since we were still out and about. We didn't think we would have to wait because we thought  who is really up at this time on a Sunday in ...Vegas? People who didn't go to sleep yet ... that's who. There were plenty of people up in the clothes they wore to the nightclub the night before.  The hostess was nice enough to tell us even though we see seats available  they are short on staff so that is why they couldn't seat us right away. I liked the honesty and I was happy to wait until... some guy who pops out of the back shows a group of ladies to a seat ignoring me and the other guy who have been waiting. I was thinking "Hell No" while the guy next to me actually said "Oh Hell no"! Luckily the waitresses wanted to avoid a scene so they sat us down almost immediately. While I was looking over the menu I couldn't help but notice this girl swigging champagne out of a bottle with her breakfast. It made me think of lyrics to a Katie Perry song "This one goes out to the ladies at breakfast in last night's dress...Uh-huh, I see you. Yo, shout out to all you kids, buying bottle service, with your rent money!"  I then snapped out of my thoughts and started looking at the menu. There were so many choices! The waiter warned us that we would be good if we only ordered one thing off the menu each. He was really helpful with telling us how big the dishes were. I ordered the French Toast and my husband ordered the Black Magic Pancakes. I liked the fact that the food had big portions but I think when they are too huge it takes away from the experience. I like having sides with my entree. It isn't fun just ordering French Toast . My husband's Oreo pancakes were so big he could only eat the first one off the stack. The pancakes were bigger than a 12" plate. The food was good but I suggest sharing food so you can taste something else off the menu. I would also ask if there were plate sharing fees. It is a cute place with hearty food options I think it would be better once they streamline their staff scheduling.
4	Waited in line for about 25 minutes on a Saturday. The front has a bunch of candy in jars which is really cute but doesnt match the theme. Finally was seated and ordered our food. Got the mocha o late which was really good. Ordered the cheese omelete with potatoes and a bagel w cream cheese. We also got the breakfast taco w chicken and a side of the maple turkey links. Took a long time to get the food because they were really busy. The omelete looked like plastic hahah but it was great! So much cheese. I didnt like the potatoes but my friend did.The breakfast tacos we ordered were good. Its corn tortillas so its a little more authentic but i dont really like that smokey taste. We ordered chicken in them but i think we said it wrong and it came on the side. Still good though! Overall our waiter was cool and the food was good.If youre coming for a quiet breakfast. Go elsewhere!Total price $45 not to bad. Pros Good foodGood serviceConsBusyLong waitVery loudBig portions
5	Food: - tequila shrimp tacos with chips 4.5/5 - "room service" pancakes 5/5 - margarita - 3.5/5 Service: - very friendly- very helpful   This place is good for breakfast and late night snack !
4	OMG. The food is really awesome. I have not seen portions this size in a long time. Could not even finish half of my lunch. Had the Chicken Pesto Sandwich. If you are on a low carb diet you better get the fruit or vegetables because they give you about 3 pounds of fries. I have eaten here twice in two days. The second time I had a late dinner. Everybody was telling me that the pancakes were the bomb, so I got one for dessert. It's about the size of a medium pizza and falls over the edge of the plate. Definitely recommend.
5	Love the griddle.After eating at their Hollywood location for some time now, I decided to check out their vegas location during a trip. Its consistent, large portions, friendly service, and deliscious. My favorite part about the griddle is getting your very own french press with each visit. Their omelettes are great as always. French toast the size of your head, if you're super hungry. Theres almost always a wait time, but line goes fast. Its inside the SLS, free self parking.
5	Just finished up our second trip to The Griddle Cafe and it was amazingly DELISH!  The first time we had egg dishes and shared the French toast.  Well, everyone was right--do not order meals for yourself.  You must share!  French toast was the most delicious I've ever had!  And I ate one piece and was full.Next time I had the banana pancakes.  Absolutely delicious!!Eat there now!
5	The breakfast here is very good! Doesn't seem to be a bad dish on the menu. The coffee is the best I've had, comes in a French Press. Pricey though, $4.75 a person. But it's very good. They're known for their pancakes and french toast, and they both are phenomenal, many different pancake choices.
5	We stayed four days at the SLS Hotel n Casino. On our last night we ate here. The food is excellent n they give u large portions. The waiter brought me a second plate so I could cut my pancakes in fourths and eat more smaller portions of it. The staff was friendly and the atmosphere was relaxing. If you get a chance put this on your list of places to eat.
3	Overpriced for anything but the pancakes.  Food was okay.  Had huevos, decent.  Huevos,  side of eggs,  order of cakes and 2 coffees was over 50 bucks.
5	Loved this place!! I went with two other people and we all made the mistake of getting one dish per person. I recommend sharing. I can put down food like no other but I could barely finish 1/2 of my French toast!!! Speaking of the French toast, the chocolate chip French toast is BOMB. If you love chocolate chip cookies like I do, you will agree. Also, the whip cream on top is delicious. Oh but they will ask you if you want bacon or potatoes on the side... I don't recommend that you do. The potatoes weren't anything special & you will be too full to eat them anyways.
5	Nick is awesome ! Drinks were fast , cold & perfect . A big menu but on point & yummy
5	Delicious!! Everybody is so so so nice at this restaurant! The food was so good and big. If you're coming here for breakfast you better put your hungry pants on because you will be rolling out in a wheelchair after only half a plate!!! My hubby got the old fashioned pancakes and only got through 3/4 of one pancake out of 3!!! Service was perfect, the setup was awesome, the chef even checked each plate to make sure it was right and going to the right table! They care about they're customers and they're service! Awesome awesome awesome!!!
2	So Loud.  You cannot hear a thing due to the bad design. Food was good but ridiculously huge. Wasteful.  Manager was a dick.
1	Horrible experience, expensive and not worth the wait. I have had better breakfast at Denny's Go to hash house instead
5	OMG, I found THE best place for lunch, brunch AND customer service. The servers, Angelica and Lisa were genuinely A+ in customer service as well as the manager Adam Scholten who kept the entire hopping place running efficiently. The grilled sandwich was modified to exact picky specifications and the Oreo pancake topped any other I've ever had. We will be back!!
5	Absolutely amazing French toast! I can't wait to go back again. French Press coffee the only kind they serve is excellent. Portions are large better to share... However I did a pretty good job on  my own Get's busy fast so be prepared to wait unless you go early. The pancakes seem to be their signature. I don't know if I am brave enough to try....
2	We were so excited for this restaurant! Unfortunately, it was very bland. The food starts with interesting concepts but then falls short of tasting interesting. It *all* lacked the ingredient that gives it the kick. Creme De la Creme really needed since short of berry to make it interesting. Gone Shrimpin' was much improved with pico de gallo. Black Magic was ridiculously huge, but it also was missing that kick-- probably strawberries would have fixed it. The tea was good and huge, as was the coffee. The service was stellar.
5	I'm a fan of the LA location... so I had to get my fix here in LV...I like that it's 24 hours... was my go to after work in the wee early morning...I enjoyed the benedict with potato skin and I always had the nutella french toast goodness. Hashbrowns and bacon on point too!If you love breakfast... you have to do the griddle.Parking isn't a problem... as this property is new.I'm a fan!- Miss Yelp 2014
3	I'm on the fence about The Griddle. It's the only brunch place at SLS (besides the buffet maybe). The line is long, but it moves quite fast. The service is fairly friendly (if a bit forgetful, she forgot a few drinks, but was nice about it when we nudged her). The vibe is cool, it's sort of like a traditional diner. Onto the food. The Eggs Benedict are plain WRONG - on potato skins, instead of muffins? It's criminal. My friend ordered them regardless (her love of eggs benedict reigned supreme), and as expected, it was disappointing. I had the cookie french toast, which was tasty but so huge it was almost obscene. Like, that could feed 4 people. I felt super wasteful leaving most of it. Overall we still had a good experience. However, I think this place needs to iron out a few creases to compete with other Vegas staples like Serendipity over at Caesars. Cut the portion sizes down, tidy up the scrappy looking menu, stick to originals that people like (instead of freewheeling with quite frankly bad combinations), sort out the music and offer more non alcoholic drinks.
4	the food was yum! the portions are MASSIVE. they do not advertise that on their menu, so be warned. the pancakes are the size of the plate they come on (10-12in?) and stacked three high, its like eating the base of a wedding cake??they have a really cool section of the menu that features all boozy items, probably great for a morning after hangover. this restaurant was the best part of the SLS :)
3	Well where should I start. Come in when you are VERY VERY hungry. The portions are humongous. First of all keep in mind that place is way to small for that size of hotel. Expect waiting. They definitely need more space. The staff is friendly and fast. The coffee is served in a French press and is super tasty. It wakes you up for sure. The food is out of the ordinary. They put nice twists on well known food items like eggs Benedict. The portions though are way to large. It makes you already sick before you dig in. It also made me feel bad returning so much food knowing that there are ton of homeless hungry people outside on the street. People please make the portions smaller. A plate of pancakes can easy feed 3 to 4 hungry people!!  The quality of the food is great.
4	You ever want a stack of pancakes so big it makes you angry?That's what The Griddle offers... huge stacks of pancakes with all sorts of decadent combinations like "Red Velvet panCAKE". So you can die fat, woozy, but mildly happy and fulfilled. I dare a single person to finish a full stack of these pancakes who isn't Michael Phelps.That being said, you're not going to get a bigger pancake fix then this. It's better then a diner, but the food could add more finesse and probably subtract some size.Expect a line in the morning.We had the:"Banananana" Brown sugar baked bananas cooked inside our buttermilk batter.Yes it was very good.You can see the before and after though photos. I didn't make much of a dent. And I had some eggs also.
4	Ate here twice for bfast since I was staying at the SLS. I never experienced the Griddle in So Cal. and see why the place is so popular. Both times dining here I was seated immediately at a booth. Heart the coffee which is brewed French press and is yummy. I actually tried several items - French toast, bananarama  & blueberry pancakes and the beef hash from scratch. The portions are massive and can be shared by two people easily.Service from both waitresses were solid and spot on. I looking forward to returning again here soon.
5	Just wow!!! I'll be a drove a little for my amazing food...  Service was amazing. I seat at the bar. Most come back to try more
4	Great Spot! The chocolate chip Cookie French toast is amazing. HUGE portions as well. Dare anyone to try and finish those two slices of heaven in one sitting.
1	Wish I could try it.Here for work and I've been here for 4 mornings now.Everytime I try to get in, there's a wait of an hour or more.I need to get to work and can't wait for that kind of time.Oh well...
4	Excellent choice while in Vegas. Friendly staff. Walk ins after 1:30. Large portions so plan to share. Godiva pancakes were amazing. Chicken sandwich was splendid. Stood in line for 15 min.
5	This place has great french press coffee and O-Worthy french toast. The decor leaves a little to be desired, but the buttery, sugary goodness makes up for it. Come early or be prepared to wait in line. It's worth it!
4	The Griddle Cafe is one of my favorite Cali spots.  I go almost every trip.  I was so excited that they were coming to Vegas.  We waited a few weeks for the crowds to die down.  Well they died down alright.  The first time we went...they were closed.  We asked security nearby and they said they shortened their hours to 11-4 during the week and 24 hrs only on the weekend.  He said they were slow at night.  I was expecting a line.  That didn't seem like a good sign.  Less then a month and already cutting back on hours.  Is the SLS that dead?  Damn.  Turns out it is 11pm-4pm.  So not near as bad as 11am-4pm we took it as.  I thought I was never going to get to eat here.  Finally we venture back, I got Red Velvet PanCAKE and hubby got a Shrimp BLT.  Same quality, taste and huge portions as their LA counterpart.  Our food was great but service could have been better.  Waiter wasn't the best and then kept the change without asking.  That was kinda weird to just assume I'm gonna give you a 34% tip on your shitty service.  I am a fan of Griddle Cafe and food was just as good as in LA so I will be back and hopefully the service was a fluke this time.
1	Once again a restaurant at the SLS fails.  Seated and then ignored by the wait staff.  I don't want the " LA experience" of being ignored.
5	Best eggs benedict of all time. Also they have the best bacon. I will be visiting this place multiple times. Def get a side of bacon!!!
4	Wow, that was the most upfront bizarrely corrupt experience I've had in a LONG time!! We went here and asked how long the wait was and was told "It's a 25 minute wait, or you could tip us and get seated now."  Confused, my husband and I stepped aside saying "did she just say that?" So I went back to clarify... Yep! The hostess confirmed that if I gave her gratuity, I could get seated immediately, otherwise it was a wait. Needless to say, we completely left the SLS and went somewhere else to eat. - 11/01/2014---- Update on what we are now calling "The Griddle Incident" ----After this example of the 'inhospitable approach to the hospitality industry,' I was quickly contacted by two managers who saw this review.  I can only imagine how much they have on their hands with the opening of restaurants in the newest casino on the Vegas strip let alone having to deal with deceitful employees.  But, they took the time to reach out to me and apologize for their employee's behavior.  Our conversation lead them to do more research into what happened and they reviewed the video tapes of their hostesses.  It turned out two girls were trying this same approach with everyone.  They were quickly let go... and rightfully so.In what I am interpreting as a further example of this employee's ethics, an anonymous Yelp account was created to send me what may have been a heavily substance induced message.  At first, the random 'Yelper' claimed to be another customer of the venue, then changed to telling me I 'misheard' the situation that my husband and I both witnessed (I guess we both need our ears checked), then they proceeded to shame me for 'getting two people fired.' (That's weird, how would some random customer know this much about the inner workings of the Griddle?)To this situation, and people who cannot take any personal responsibility for their actions in general, I have this to say... because it apparently needs to be said for a large portion of our population:If you cheat on your boyfriend... it's not the fault of the person who exposed you leading him to break up with you. If you make a habit of running around kicking small children, it's not the kids fault when you're hauled off to jail because he told someone what you were doing.AND FINALLY... If you are screwing over customers and the company you work for, it is not the fault of a Yelp reviewer when you get fired.In the end, the managers invited us to a great night/day at the SLS to try the Griddle again, and it was a great experience! The food was outstanding with portions large enough to feed a small community.  Seriously, I don't think we will need to eat for a few weeks as a result.  My husband got the ridiculously good, vanilla hinted, French toast which quickly put my 2013 soggy French toast breakfast in bed attempt to shame.  That stuff alone will probably result in consistent early morning cravings. We recommend the Griddle as a great spot for middle of the night grub (open at 11pm-4pm) and breakfast!  On this visit, we decided it was only appropriate to give our waitress an elaborate tip because of her GOOD SERVICE AND ETHICS, not for manipulating the customer! - 11/26/2014
5	Of course I have to first hear of this place in Las Vegas and not in Los Angeles; just learned last night about this place From my friend; it was 9pm and we wanted to go eat dinner someplace she had known of the Griddle in LA and really wanted to try it out b/c there was always a line for LA place I said really pancakes for dinner?? What the hell?? She was persistent and I gave it a try except it doesn't open until 11pm; did I wait it out until then?? Of course!! And it was worth the wait!! Even at 11pm a line started forming at the entrance ! At least it wasn't an hour long abt 10-15 min wait only; I ordered my favorite red velvet pancake that was topped w/ cream cheese icing we are not talking about your typical 3 stack pancake it was round plate size and amazingly delicious!
5	Was hungry after a night out in Vegas. I was staying at the SLS Hotel. Decided to go to the Griddle Cafe and get some late night eats. Sat down at the bar, where the bartender Peter was just excellent. He was super chill and just created this very cool vibe for everyone sitting at the bar. I got the Benedict with avocado. I don't know if I was just drunk, or if it was that good, but I devoured it. When I was leaving, I had an awesome chat with the hostess, Vicki. She was like the sweetest person. Kind of person that just brings a smile to your face. Alexis, the server, and the manager, Leslie were pretty awesome too. All in all, great customer service and food. I will for sure visit there again during my next trip to Vegas
5	The pancakes were amazing best that we have had anywhere. They are soooo..... huge there were 3 of us and we barely made a dent in them. And had nothing to do with lack of tastyness. I look forward to trying out other menu items everything that came out of the kitchen looked fabulous.  But make reservations or you could be in for a long wait.
5	Seriously a kick ass place to eat. I'd ask for Luciana the waitress, she offers excellent service with a smile!! Amazing food and pretty good price.
4	Inside the SLS hotel by the pool. The pancakes are HUGE so share with 3-4 people! My fave (and our tables) were the nutella French toast. Our party of 8 ordered a variety of omelettes. I liked the sunset people which was spicy! Mimosa's are small. A bit pricey and long wait but breakfast is served all day!!! (we usually go to peppermill, so this is a nice option)
5	we stayed farther down the strip than usual while in town for SEMA.  this location put us within close proximity to SLS and The Griddle Cafe.  We walked down and entered SLS unsure of what to expect or why the rage about this place.  at 8:00am there was a line 20 deep waiting for seating.  We had coffee to sip and people to chat with so the wait didn't bother us.  Met by a friendly, easy going waiter we order fresh french pressed coffee and scanned the extensive menu.  we ordered an eggs benedict with potato skins and blueberry pancakes.  The pancakes are three high and larger then a regular dinner plate.  While impressive in size, I felt this a bit extreme and felt guilty about the waste.  I ate maybe a 6th of the order.  Now, don't misunderstand me...these were the best pancakes I've ever had !  so, we went  back the next day and I asked for 1 pancake (and was charged for only the one) and a side of egg whites scrambled with cheese for a dose of protein.  This was my ideal breakfast!!The staff is efficient and friendly and the place seems to operate in a well run, systematic orderly manner.
5	I'm a big fan of the restaurants in the SLS and The Griddle Cafe was amazing for brunch.  First, expect a line, but don't let it keep you from going.  It moves very quickly!My boyfriend had the Banana pancakes, and I had the Original French Toast.  Both were very moist and flavorful - among the best I've ever had.  The portion size is HUGE.  The short stack is enough for two people to easily split, likely with leftovers.  I had higher expectations for the bacon after reading Yelp reviews.  It was tasty but nothing special. The French press coffee is excellent.I highly recommend The Griddle Cafe!
2	Finally made it and it was just OK! Music was wayyyy tooooo loud. Plain waffle was very dry. Service was just OK. Will try one more time...I think.
5	Had the French toast with Nutella, super yummy.... After the fourth bite it got toooo rich and sweet. Definitely a must try for Nutella lovers. Everything else looked pretty good too, my husband had the The caballero breakfast burrito, it was delicious. The atmosphere made me feel like I was a mafia Mistress sitting in a modernized 70's cafe. The service was great and friendly. I recommend this cafe for sure. If you ever come out to Vegas  you have to try this place at least once and check it out for yourself..
5	Don't come here without making a reservation.  I didn't know you could make reservations, but Yelp is showing an Open Table link, so if it's true, MAKE A RESERVATION.  I frequent the Griddle in Los Angeles on Sunset Blvd, and was excited about trying the Vegas establishment.  BINGO.  Perfect.  Fun atmosphere, great staff, and of course amazing Cheesecake Factory style portions on a budget.  The only negative is sitting in the line next to SMOKERS at the craps tables.  I don't mind sitting in line, but I do mind choking on someone else's cancer sticks.  And just as the SLS was poorly designed, this restaurant should have anticipated the crowd madness and built a larger space.
5	The food was amazing!  I was impressed by how fresh and organic it was.  Definitely will be coming back
4	If a place can be faulted for giving you too much of something this would be the place as no human could finish off the three huge pancakes they give you.  We shared the pancakes between 2 people and 2 others helped out who had gotten other food and we still had 1 pancake left.The pancake was good as usually large pancakes can either be over done on the edges or underdone in the middle but this was cooked just right.  I also loved that they had real dark amber maple syrup. The french toast is a more human size as I finished that by myself at 2am in the morning.Service was okay though it was so busy it was hard for them to be totally attentive through with the line outside you would figure they would want to turn over the tables as quick as possible.Since only other place serving breakfast atleast on weekdays is a coffee shop serving overpriced pastries this is a great option especially if in a group so can split the pancakes.
5	No exaggeration, the best pancakes I have ever had. Tasted the golden ticket and it's big enough for 2 or even three! My #1 breakfast spot in Las Vegas! Not to mention the coffee is fresh and strong, just the way I like it.
5	Hands down the nicest staff I have ever had at any restaurant. They went above and beyond. The line to get in can be long, but that's because the food is so good and worth it...And don't worry once you are seated the service is amazing, and the food comes out pretty fast.
4	Food is reallllllly good, and the line does go by fast. But the amount of food they give you is too much, so absurd that it's just a waste. You'd need a group of at least 4 grown men to finish off those pancakes. I felt terrible leaving so much, and when I asked what they did with the leftovers, they told me they just throw it in the trash!!!! What a waste. seriously. Make sure you share those pancakes!!! Or ask for a single pancake
5	Absolutely the best French Toast I have ever had..a definite do again...late night when need a bunch of carbs.
4	Date & Time:  Friday November 14, 2014 @ 10amDining Companions:  Cousin Jackie, Mommy, HusbandScene:  Groups of Guys in Fitted Tee's & Girls in Crop Tops, Jeans w/ Knee-High BootsMusic:  RockabillyImbibe:  Adult Floats & ShakesDevour:  Strawberry + Sour Cream Waffles & Potato BenedictSkip:  Chips w/ Guacamole & Fruit SaladTotal:  $100
4	Great pancake flavours, but we could have just ordered one plate for four people. The French Press coffee was good.I wonder if the only reason they over serve is to get people to post pictures of their pancakes, because we felt so wasteful leaving all that food on the plate.
3	There is a few good reasons why the three star. The first reason is because there was no warning about the ginormous griddles, I felt really bad wasting almost 95% of my food when there are a lot of hungry and homeless people everywhere. The other reason is because their menu is so particular to either salty or sweet; there was not a meal that had both or a simple meal such as eggs and sausage or ham with a side of pancakes. All thought you could order both, you would have to order a funky egg breakfast item with a side of a single griddle which is huge. The first day I ordered the 3 flaps then I had to order something else since even the single flap looked big.
4	Great new breakfast option at the SLS!  Pancakes were bigger than my bf's head!!!  Lol. Beware only order the pancakes if you are sharing!  The hashes are to die for and the French press coffee is the ish!
5	Okay, so the griddle was such a fun and unique experience that even now as I'm thinking about it I have a HUGE smile on my face.  If you can't tell already by the pictures, the portions here are enormous.  As in, bigger than your face enormous.  I got the Black Magic pancakes (oreo pancakes) and could barely get through 1/4 of the dish.  Wasteful, yes.  Hilariously and entertaining, absolutely.  The pancakes were also AMAZING.  The service was VERY helpful as well.  Highly recommend coming here - it was my favorite breakfast place in Vegas by far.
5	Yummmmm! No... Double yummmm! I stayed at SLS and saw a very long line to eat at this place. It sparked my interest but figured it was probably just busy because there aren't that many breakfast places close by. Well, I'm glad I tried it anyway. This place is delicious! I am a big coffee drinker and this place serves the most amazing coffee!! They even bring you your own french press. I had an eggs benedict and french toast. The thing that sets a good breakfast place apart from an amazing breakfast place is just a little creativity. This place has got it. The menu is awesome and the food is fantastic.
4	3.5 stars, and I am not being fair.  I have to judge though based on what I had and our experience, and unfortunately, it wasn't as good as I expected.  At the same time, I am not being fair because we did not get what we expected to get.  Let me explain...no, there is too much, let me sum up.My girlfriend and I originally intended on coming here early in the morning, and ready to eat some big pancakes.  But for various reasons, we had to come when we did, and we were not nearly as hungry and ready to eat a huge slab of pancakes as we intended.  So we ordered things we otherwise wouldn't have gotten, and we were disappointed.She got breakfast tacos and barely ate them - not because they weren't good, but because she just couldn't eat.  I got the "Sunset People," a scramble made with bacon, pork apple sausage, jalapenos, some hot sauce, provolone cheese, and potatoes.  It was not the best breakfast on the menu - I couldn't find exactly what I wanted to and went with something I thought I would like.  Don't get me wrong - it was okay, but it just turned out to not be what I was craving.In the end, we didn't get any of their delicious looking pancakes or french toast or waffles.  Therefore, I don't believe I am being fair because we did not get what they specialize in.  But, I still have to review based on what I had.On a more positive note, I did get a boozy shake - the Saturday morning fever, vanilla ice cream, buttermilk cake, baileys, kahlua and sweet cream.  It is for this drink that I am rounding up and not down.  I would come back just for another one of these.And we will come back.  The pancakes just look too good not to try.
4	It seems this is the most popular restaurant at SLS hotel, it's always crowded, or people waiting in line. It opens 24 hours on Fridays and Saturdays, we had early breakfast there on Sunday morning, before heading back to our suite. Glad there was no wait at all, otherwise we would just order room service, and missed the chance to try this popular breakfast place!I really liked the rustic industrial style decor, atmosphere was so chill, casual and relaxing, it's perfect for a comfort meal after too much drinking! The menu was huge, I never knew breakfast items could be so extensive! Eggs, pancakes, omelettes... ALL the breakfast items, you name it! Our sever gave us some time to decide, I ordered a very tasty Bloody Mary to sip on while studying the menu.I decided to have beer battered fish tacos with side of egg whites, hubby had steak omelette with side of bacon. One of my beer battered fish tacos was unevenly battered and a little burnt, but the other one was very delicious, I just loved the salsa in it, so spicy and yummy! Hubby's omelette was huge, lots of stuffings, I liked the hash brown potatoes, and the same salsa on top of it. There was so much food, impossible to finish it all, very comforting and satisfying, great late night or early morning food! I loved it there are so many hot sauces and peppers on the table, we need hot sauces on everything at drunk meals! Ps. Sorry no photos to share, my phone was completely dead at the moment.
5	This place is truly a gem! Come hungry ! The pancakes are the size of hubcaps! 3 of them to boot. . Also the sandwiches are killer and the order of fries could feed a small village.. it's been a week since I visited Vegas and this is seriously all I can think about!
4	Had to wake up very early one day and had some time to Kill between 5-7AM, so I decided to check this place out!First off, decor is a mix between Modern and 50s Diner. They play chill rock music, its a good vibe. I was alone so I sat at the bar, at 5 am there was no wait at all so I could have sat wherever I wanted. The men working the bar were very nice and gave great service. There were two bar tenders, Nick and another gentleman (Sorry I can't remember), both were awesome, and made my experience great. The food was really good, I got the original french toast. The portions are huge and the food is rich, its definitely a cheat meal haha! Also got 4 strips of bacon (for 6$, a little pricey but....whatever, they have to make their money somehow right??) and the french press coffee. I got the mild brew coffee and it was really good, I like my coffee so I know a good cup when I have one. It was the perfect temperature, meaning I wasn't at risk of third degree burns. I only have one complaint, and it the reason why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5. My coffee mug still had some fine coffee soot residue on it, and my spoon was dirty. I didn't make a big deal of it because I've worked in the service industry and lets face it, industrial dish washers don't always work very well lol.  Overall, good experience, great service from the bar tenders, good cheat-meal food. Would come back here to quench my drunchies.$4 coffee$6 bacon$12 French toast
4	Friendly service and yummy/huge pancakes.  I had the whole wheat pancakes (added blueberries).  Chose to sit at the bar since it was crowded, but that wasn't a problem since the staff at the bar was a fun group. Definitely want to come back to try more.
5	Okay.. Get the sheer madness burger .. Ask for the egg over medium..... Amazing!! And for the none meat eater .. Order the Parmesan Grilled cheese.... Fricking' rediculous!! Portions are huge, good thing, so come ready!!
5	Came here with a great buzz. Food is delish, drinks are great. And the staff here is awesome!  Had the sheer madness and Bloody Mary. If the eggs in the burger was cooked medium, would have given this place 5 stars.
1	I ordered a cheese and sausage omelet. I got a plate of melted cheese with sausage and egg on top. This place is overpriced and not worth it.
3	First of all, the griddle cafe has an enormous menu with all day breakfast. Me and my friend woke up around 3pm but were in the mood for pancakes and scrambles eggs. Since we were staying at the hilton grand vacations, the SLS was a short 5 min walk away. Once we got there, we were seated right away.It was really hard to choose what we wanted, especially since they must've had at least 30 types of pancakes on the menu. My friend ordered the honey oat cinnamon pancake which she appropriately stated could feed a small village. The order came with 3 ridiculously large pancakes (12.95). We barely got through a fifth of it together.The pancakes were a little too doughy for my taste though and a little dry. However, I really enjoyed the Vermont maple syrup that came with it.I ordered the shrimp egg white scramble with capers and several large pieces of shrimp. It was very flavorful and again was probably 2-3 times the normal portion that restaurants serve. It definitely left me feeling super full and it came with a side of fruit for no additional charge (14.95).Overall it was a good hangover cure, I definitely want to go back and try the banana pancakes and French toast!
5	The servings were huge; well worth the already affordable price! I went with my family, and we had a really nice server that helped us. Plus, they had hilarious signs hanging from the ceiling. This is a great place to eat with friends or family.
4	Griddle is in the SLS Hotel Casino and it is a great breakfast / lunch destination. Pancakes are spotlighted and come hungry. These pancakes are apparently made to please Sumo wrestlers!   Menu is enormous. If you can't find something you like here you are way too picky culinary-wise. I had their take on  huevos rancheros.  It was a messy, gooey wonderful plate of goodness. My wife enjoyed what she referred to as the best chicken sandwich ever (and this woman lives on chicken sandwiches when out for lunch).  We came to LV on off season so the line was non-existent but locals told us an hour wait is not uncommon in season. Still worth it   I would love to try the pancakes next visit  Table next to us had them and mouth was watering.  Decent price for enormous portions. Catch it while in sin city.
3	I'm a fan of Hash House, so by all accounts I should love all things Griddle Cafe.But for me, the Griddle Cafe is so over the top that I don't have any real urge to return. I ordered the Peanut Bubba French Toast, figuring how large could it be? Well, this is Texas Toast on steroids, maybe 10 inches across. Take 2 slices of that, roll it in crushed Nutter Budders, and cover with powdered sugar. Top with whipped cream. I could only eat a small portion of this (and couldn't even think of having lunch). To top it off, it came out fairly cold.My wife's pancakes were about the size of what Hash House would serve, except where Hash House serves one this came out in a stack of 3. Hers must have been sitting on the line for awhile as they weren't very warm either.I suppose that if we came with a group of 6 and split an entree this could be a fun time. But for the two of us it was a little (okay, very) excessive, quite expensive, and frankly at the price they're asking it should come hot off the griddle. So yeah, we went. We stood in line. We don't have to go back. Yay.
5	This was our first visit to a Griddle Cafe. It was amazing!!  The French press coffee at the table was a nice and delicious surprise. The Hunger Pains (eggs and ham steak) was so good!  The potatoes are the perfect mix of home fries and potatoes O'Brien. The pancakes are HUGE! We got one original pancake and split it three ways and still had leftovers. Our server Jim was fantastic!  We never had to wait for anything. Everything was perfect and his personality just made our experience that much more memorable. We will be back for sure.
4	There's a long wait to get seated but definitely worth it. The Bloody Mary was not great by any means but the food as amazing !!! I highly recommend the golden ticket pancake, it was huge so I recommend sharing.
5	The portions here are legit. Bring a big ass appetite because you won't be disappointed. The cheesecake French toast are unbelievable. Pancakes are gigante.
5	Amazing service and food! Delicious French Toast! !! I'm making this a must whenever I'm in Vegas.
5	Ridiculous! That's the best way to describe the food and portions are this terrific find inside the SLS hotel. We stopped by for breakfast and my entire family just giggled as we watched the expressions on faces as the food was served. I had eggs benedict that my wife exclaimed, "that's an entire ham steak". It was served the 1  1/2 potato skins and a couple eggs. The hollandaise was perfect with just the right amount of lemon zest. My kids had the peanut bubba French toast - they are growing boys and couldn't finished a shared order. They even asked for LESS whipped cream because it had so much. My wife had a bowl of oatmeal that was bigger than her head. While much of this goes to waste, it was fun to see people light up as their meals were served. Plus, it was good food to boot.
5	This place was great it's another one of those places that gives you way more than you need ps the pancakes are huge so you might want to share. The service is great and the restaurant is really nice I will be back!
5	Fantastic service, great food hint: quicker service and no wait for breakfast at the bar. Highly recommend.  Vegas baby!
2	Less is more. Unfortunately, the Griddle Cafe didn't get the memo.Ordered the "Addicted to Noisella" French Toast. Too much Nutella, too much whipped cream, just too damn sweet!Also ordered the simpler "The Griddle" Waffle, which I found dry and bland.Yes, portions are big, but more mediocre food, won't make the dish itself taste better.
5	Another great morning at The Griddle Cafe! Had to wait a bit to get seated but we did not mind, the restaurant was super busy. The food was once again great, we had French toast, Chicken  sandwich, Eggs and bacon and Hash it Out. The service was good considering how busy they were. We had the hot chocolate! OMG! Delicious! Met the manager who was very accommodating and polite! In general just a great place to spend the morning with your family and enjoy  a delicious breakfast!
4	Really good! I just got the plain french toast and it was amazing! I loved the French press for my green tea. My only complaint would be the servers don't come around a whole lot, we got our order, our food and our check. I know they're kinda busy but I needed maple syrup and not a single server came near me and I had to grab a girl after she was taking someone else's order to get me some and I felt really bad. But the food is A+!
4	Really good service. The fries were amazing with a delicious seasoning on them. We ordered the double "banananana" pancake, the server recommended the double as it was only my husband and I. The pancakes were huge! I would say there was a little too much banana, we started eating the pancake edges towards the end.  The Muscle Bound Scramble was very watery and bland...but it was ok. We would go back!
5	Good and huge portions;my potates tastes old though :( Great prices and i love its open 24 hours!
1	Came here to grab a quick bite, we were very hungry. First, waiter took 20 min just to take our order. All of us had tacos, 3 different kinds w/chips (Vomit) #1 Steak tacos, I have no idea what kind of meat that is but it was nasty. #2 The Avocados on top of the tacos were brown...#3 My shrimp in the tacos werent cooked all the way, the "chips" that came with the tacos were nothing but dry greasy pita chips... they didnt even have Salsa to dip them in!!! How the heck am I supposed to eat the chips??? DRY??? He brought me Pico de Galo, which was old...the Earl Grey hot tea I asked for... was Extremely dark, to the point it was very bitter!!! Very Poor Quality of food... Don't waist  your money and save your stomach!!!! Yuk!!! I did NOT expect that from a spot that just remodeled and opened up! Change your menu, Definately change your Chef and please train your staf to be pleasant, polite and take orders on time!
5	Loooooove love love their Peanut Bubba French toast! The toast slices were huge, breaded in Nutter butter cookie crumbles, and cooked to perfection! I also ordered their breakfast tacos and my friend ordered their omelet. We were satisfied :) Their portions are big so come hungry!
4	Staff was amazing coffee was great BUT I ordered a fruit bowl and the fruit def was NOT fresh had a weird taste blehh! All of the other food looks amazing though! Def going back to try the red velvet pancakes
5	We were in town for the Life Is Beautiful festival, and we headed to the Griddle Cafe for brunch to fuel up for the day.  We had reservations, and we seated immediately upon arrival.  We started off our meal with a huge pitcher of very tasty Bloody Marys.  Yum!We were warned that the portions were HUGE.  And the menu is HUGE too!  I had a really hard time deciding what to order, but savory brunches always win out for me.  I went with the fiesta scramble with avocado.  It was gigantic.  Just check out the photos.  It was full of protein and really tasty.  My boyfriend went with their signature French toast.  You guessed it, it was also ginormous!  We all left totally full and satisfied!
4	Amazing food. Huge portions but not the best service and very loud inside. Waited a long time for our order to be taken and then our check. Also mimosas are tiny.
4	With the last minute change of plans with the "Taste-Carion" event, I was unable to stay for this part of the event. I was pretty bumped about it, BUT before we checked out oF SLS we decided to eat here anyways! Best idea. When we got here there was a short line forming at the door. We waited about 5-8 minutes in line until we were seated, not bad. Inside was packed! We came in just in time because shortly after the line started to form rapidly. Looking around I saw people ordering pancakes (which they are famous for), but they were HUGE! So me and Nieves D. decided to share 1 red velvet pancake.. Yes just one and it was more than enough! With the exception of the red velvet pancake, the pancakes usually come in 3. But trust me when I say.. 1 is good enough! these pancakes are ginormous! and extremely delicious! You can NOT come here and not order a pancake.I ordered a chicken omelet and a vanilla latte and Nieves D. ordered The Chicago scrambled. And boy were they big portions. After we got our food we noticed that we probably could have just shared! The food was really good though. Most of our food went in a "to go" box but was demolished later on. This place is on my high recommendation list for breakfast places to go to and I probably will be returning to SLS just got breakfast! I really want to try all the different pancakes.
4	It was our last day in Vegas.... we took the elevator down and headed straight for The Griddle Cafe. A quick wait while they cleaned up our table and we were seated in minutes. We'd passed it many times as we made our way around our hotel - so it was only right we made it at least once.First of all, the coffee is served in a French Press - you pay per cup (with endless refills)- we got about 6 cups out of on press - and it was more than enough. The coffee was delicious. There is some novelty in pressing your own coffee at the table - but it was really good coffee (strong and robust) and well worth the ~$4 per person.A couple folks around us ordered pancakes and they were literally the size of your head. I skipped the sweets and went for the Say Cheese omelet - it was massive, fluffy and STUFFED with cheese. It said 3 eggs but this must of been more...it was huge. Comes folded up and stuffed with Jack, Cheddar and Mozzarella. Comes with a side of potatoes and bread.We were here onThanksgiving day - and while I felt a little bad the staff here was working on a holiday - they were all so on point that I left the server a very nice tip. I hope they closed up early and the staff got to make it home in time to spend time with their families.
4	First impression-- Don't order pancakes for yourself unless you have someone to share them with or your don't mind waiting a ton of food. They are literally the size of a plate. I would imagine that you can order and share any of the entrees and share both amongst two people and still have leftovers.
4	My wife had the French toast and I had the too hot to handle hamburger.  Finally for a spicy hamburger it was hot spicy. both were good. Portion size is large but the price is also. For the portion size the price is fair to good.
3	I've eaten at all of the restaurants at SLS except Cleo and most multiple times. Griddle Cafe is probably the best restaurant in the casino. If you're a fan of big (and expensive) portions ala Hash House A Go Go or Claim Jumper you get a sense of what this place is like except I think the food is fresher. The only thing from keeping this from 4 stars is that the service is still very mediocre at BEST. Food took a long time to arrive, some drinks didn't arrive at all, no water refills, etc. The guy that eventually did fill up our water was the same guy dusting off the bottles of Vodka at the bar. Priorities, I guess... Don't make a special trip to this place but give it a shot if you're already at SLS and trying to decide where to eat.
5	The portions are huge! I was there last week for a friends birthday &I tried the Oreo pancakes (you don't even need syrup!) & their breakfast burrito. Very flavorful & the chilies in the burrito really set it off. I gotta say my fav was their handmade whip cream. Sooo yummy!!!
4	This is a 2 person review... my husband LOVED his food and so did i. He had a too hot to handle burger with fries and it was devine. I, on the other hand, had an omlet and griddle potatoes. The egg was not good, it was burnt on one side and it wasn't really an omlet. It was a giant round egg on top of the toppings. The topings were pretty good tho and my whole grain toast was delicious. 5 stars from the husband, 3 from me.
3	The only thing I give this place is the portion size. Other than that the food wasn't that good. I got the "must try" french toast and it was definitely a not try! My food came out last and my husband who got the Chicago omelet wasn't impressed as well. My daughter got the fancy grilled cheese and steak fries and it was good. The waitress was very nice and offered to get my husband a different meal. we would probably try a 2nd time.
5	We had breakfast on a Sunday around 10am it's a wait if your party of 4!or more. Hubby and I didn't wait long  maybe less than 10 minutes. Harlon provided great service I will definitely go back to sit in his section.Food: it's HUGE!!! People they are not kidding, it's no joke! You have been warned. It's best to share. I had  egg whites scrambled with turkey sausage, spinach and green onions it's on the bland side but nothing with a sprinkle of flavored salt couldn't fix. The egg whites cooked perfectly soft. OK! I almost fainted seeing the two slices of French toast  with butter and sprinkled with powder sugar it's 8" a size of a dinner plate holly its gigantic, it was good but no way we can finish that. I can see three to four people sharing that French toast. Hubby had egg Benedict with ham and bake potatoes skins. He expressed he couldn't find the one egg , it was smothered in thick white sauce. He clearly didn't like his meal. Not many restaurants offer fresh squeezed OJ anymore so when I read they have that on the menu I must have it. Fresh squeezed OJ I felt refreshed to start my morning of. Is it just me or it's just WAY to loud in Griddle Cafe I'm struggling to hear my husband talk I'm competing with my table mates on both sides of me. The music I love it. Love listening to the tune. Wish the volume turned down 3 or 4 notches just way to noisy.
4	shared the french toast with the cheesecake topping... so delicious and didnt need syrup and Im not even a cheesecake fan.  BUT something this sweet and rich needs to come in moderation.  Even though we split this, all the sugar and richness started to get to us as we struggled to down the last few bites.What began as a 5 star meal at first bite went down to a 3 star meal by the last.  My wife is a cheesecake feign and even she said she wont be able to touch anything cheesecake for a month after eating this.What would have made this so much better (and a 5star experience overall) is if you are able to get a much smaller portion and get something else that is not sweet to balance out your meal.  That way we could have done something like split a omelet and a quarter order of a french toast.
2	Ok, I'll be honest: was the French Press coffee a bold, flavorful, amazing taste of torrefaction Heaven in a cup? Yes. Was it worth five bucks? Sure. I had the Tequila Sunrise plate. The flavors were all there. The chicken sausage was a nice bonus and had a pleasurable kick of spice in each bite. I had it with a side of avocado (a Huevos Rancheros must), so the total for the dish alone came to $16.50. Therein comes my gripe. This is breakfast, people. If I laid that amount of cash down at Hash House or Cracked Egg, I would have literally busted a gut. The presentation of the dish was underwhelming. The beans were literally a layer to separate the eggs from the tortilla. No rice. No pico. Not even a sprig of cilantro. I think the key missing element was a couple extra tortillas to sop up the alcohol-infused sauce. That may have even bumped my rating up another star. It just needed a lil "somethin", besides the price, to remind me that I was eating at a Strip establishment. Overall, the dining area was appealing and clean, a kind of diner-chic feel, with easy access from the parking garage. Nakisha was my server. She was prompt, friendly, smiley (but not over-smiley ;) ) and basically on-point. No complaints there. If I give this place a second chance, it will probably be at the LA location, after a night of heavy  carousing. ;)
5	Went there yesterday for the 2nd time and it was definitely delicious the 2nd time around!! Great French press coffee! The tequila sunrise is your take on huevos rancheros and it was absolutely to die for!! My next trip I will try and make room for those huge ass pancakes haha!!!
5	Party of 5 (incl baby) seated on busy saturday morning. Prompt, courteous service. Great menu. Never a low cup of water or coffee; oj very fresh taste. I had eggs benedict florentine and it was quite nice. Others had varieties on pancakes and thoroughly enjoyed them. Even a comped cup of fresh fruit when baby demanded. Fantastic, would go back, would recommend to all.
4	This place was great.  Make sure you are extremely hungry prior to going, or take some friends to help.  The portions are huge.  I was a bit disappointed in the moms french toast.  It was nice but nothing exceptional.  Coffee with french press was nice.  I ordered the added shot for five bucks to go in the coffee, but it was mostly cream, not much booze.  Service was good for the front of house, however the kitchen must have been backed up, it took forever to get our food, and by looking around the majority of the room looked like they were waiting for a while also.  I advise to make a reservation on Open Table, because the line can be pretty long on a Sunday Morning.
4	Expensive? Sure.  Cool ambience? Yes. Long line? Usually. Even better hung over? Absolutely. Griddle Cafe is exactly as advertised - a great breakfast/brunch spot in the new, hip SLS.  I live across the street and have walked across for brekkie a few times now.  Here are a few things you should know:1.) The portions are insane.  Share, believe me.2.) You will want everything on the menu...so, as I mentioned, share.3.) The servers are on point.4.) Get the french press coffee.  It's awesome.5.) The prices are as expected in a strip hotel - high and mighty.Do I ever finish a meal here? No. Will I be back? Definitely.
3	Holy diabeetus for breakfast, Batman! Majority of menu is sugar-based, and comes in portions more appropriate for a competitive eater or a truck driver than a normal human being. But hey, value! Best advised to come with a group and split a few dishes- you must get the microbrew French press coffee as your beverage though, it's damn delicious and bottomless, for a low $5/person.YELLOW BRICK ROAD PANCAKES ($14): butterscotch and caramel for flavor, and walnuts add just the right amount of crunch for texture.  Good option that is a little tamer than some of the others. Portion is massive, consider it a victory if you can finish even just ONE whole pancake (order of three). The vanilla whipped cream is amazing.OMELETE "MY SOUL" ($15): stuffed with green chiles and jack cheese for spice, choice of protein (steak is best), and topped with sour cream, avocado, and pico. Good combination of flavors, odd fake egg texture to the dish that I just could not get over.Service was friendly and the garage-style decor was cool, but dear lord, please redo your menu: it's a mess of italic and bold fonts and every punctuation mark known to man (ellipses, tildes, parentheses in every description, and exclamation points galore). Just reading it made my eyes bleed, it looks like an 11-year-old's school project.
5	Came to Vegas for air show , friend recommend me to try this cafe , my friend was right , this place is good!!! The portion of the food was huge and delicious. For sure I am going there again when I am visiting Vegas !
5	Amazing food and service.  Stephanie went out of her way to accommodate our large group. Best food in Vegas.
5	Good food? Great, especially if you want to gain weight.Good service? Fast and helpfulGood atmosphere? fast pacedWorth the price? 100%Will we go back? YES.As my title says, this place is worth the line. The portions are ginormous, so be prepared to bring home left overs or share plates. This is not a lounge & eat establishment but for anyone looking for a fast hangover recovery to turn around and go again... this place is the breakfast spot to be.
4	Over the top pancakes bigger than the plate they serve it on. You don't even need the stack one would serve a couple people. They do have great flavors and they suggest to start in the middle which was a great idea. I've never eaten a pancake like that. The hot chocolate is for a child. Purely sugar and chocolate resin all over the bottom. It's just a giant mess. I do like that serve coffee in a french press. It's a nice touch. The hostesses on the other hand are in their own world. We walked up and they didn't acknowledge us, just finished their conversation about their lives.
5	Best pancakes I had ever had! Chips and guacamole was good and so was the Omellete. Great service and ambience. Couldn't have asked for anything better. A very good brunch option, definitely coming back.
3	Got the Manhattan Frittata. $12.95, and it was enough to feed four 'healthy' people who would not be healthy for long after eating that. I think there must have been 10 eggs in it. This is probably a good place to come if you know the unbelievable portion sizes before you order so you can share an order among several people. For hotel guests who are not aware of this and have a lot of food left over, it kind of sucks because the hotel rooms don't have fridges. Service is good. The pancake menu does look like the quick path to diabetes.
5	AMAZING. AMAZING. AMAZING. There's really not much more to say.The food was good.  REALLY good.If you get the pancakes, you are making the right choice but do yourself a favor and tell them you want ONE pancake instead of THREE (the default when you order).  I PROMISE you will be glad you did.  I'm a big guy and I LOVE to eat and I barely put a dent in ONE pancake.  But it was OH so good.What are you waiting for?  Go.  Just go.I'll definitely be back.  Amazing.
5	If you are looking for THE best breakfast in Vegas you got the right place! The breakfast is huge! And good price per portion. And they provide good service and quick food preperation.
3	WOWZERS, look at that pancakes!'nuff said.
5	The Griddle Cafe is awesome! The food was delicious and portions are huge! (You can easily order 1 entree and a side and split it with someone).I was really impressed with the service. Our server was extremely attentive and friendly and really made you feel like you were dining at their home. It's a bit pricey and the decor is odd, but it's worth it. Perfect hangover food. Try it now!
4	Great service. Oreo cookie pancakes and coffee are delish!! Been there a couple times and egg dishes are ok.
5	Came here for brunch with the familia. Portions are huge and the flavor of the food is larger. We were taken care of by the super attentive manager, Adam. Top notch service! Everybody loved their food and the French press coffee is amazing. Definitely recommend giving it a try!
4	Great place for breakfast!  I love french toast (realizing it's pretty hard to mess it up) and this was one of best I've had. I went with the basic just to see how it stacks up to my fave (Mon Ami brunch) and it was comparable for sure. The portions are huge so my breakfast turned into lunch and dinner! They have great coffee - french press is my go-to at home so it's nice to have it at a restaurant. Server was a little slow to return at first, it was still early morning and it wasn't very busy so I would've expected a more prompt return but she never left us hanging after that. will return for sure!
5	Best breakfast I've eaten in a long time. Pancakes are  bigger than the plate. Great variety of sweet and savory items. Three people for breakfast and we brought back about 5 pounds of food. Definitely will be returning. Yum!
5	This place is pretty amazing with awesome hours. We were going to make a reservation for breakfast but they don't take reservations from certain times and you just need to call and ask if there's a wait. We went for breakfast around 8 and we don't usually eat a lot in the morning but everything was HUGE. We got a waiter in training but he was being shadowed by another girl. They were really chill and helpful. i asked if there was any way to just get one stack of pancake instead of three. They said they could do it for me and when it arrived, it was still gigantic. Bigger than the size of my head. We ordered the rolled oats honey pancake. It was the right amount of salty with the butter and sweet from the honey. The texture was also very interesting because of the oats. Next time I want to try the espresso pancakes.We also ordered the eggs benedict on top of the ham steak and potato skins. The ham was not bad and the egg was poached perfectly. The potato skins were okay for me because I like the innards of the potato instead. We did NOT finish our food.
3	I've been to the Griddle Cafe four times since its opening; each time I have invited a different group of family and friends. What I love: I really love the taste of the signature French Toast (amazing). Portions are big enough to share between two people. Why 3 stars: In the four times that I have gone to the Griddle Cafe, I have experienced friendly but mediocre to basic, actually below basic, service. I've become used to extreme long waiting periods for service here--from waiting to be seated down to the wait from the server. In my last visit the server dropped the french toast on the table in such a way that a large amount of sugar powder flew all over my dress. She did not apologize. When I asked the same woman for soy milk she informed me that I would need to ask my waiter for that.
5	Came here for a very early breakfast (thanks jet lag)! It was great - as everyone has said, the portions are huge and should be shared unless you haven't eaten for a month.At 5am there isn't a wait - and the service was extremely friendly and upbeat. The French toast was awesome - Oreo pancakes were good and my omelet was great. The coffee was delicious - I just wish we lived closer to come more frequently.
4	Came for breakfast to check out the hype. It's cute, trendy, good service and a LINE!! The food was good, but definitely consider sharing WHATEVER you get, otherwise it is a complete waste of food...re-heated pancakes...nah!!! It's in the SLS, so if course the wanna be kardashians are in abundance...enjoy!!
3	If Size Matters, This is the right place for you. But man... America... Please stop wasting so much food!Pancakes are just ridiculous sized. It's definitely enough to feed 4 people. Not bad for the value, but this is definitely quantity over quality restaurant. Is it worth the 1 hour wait? Not really...Move on to the next Brunch joint in vegas!
5	Best breakfast on the strip
5	Ok I love this place in LA and the one in Vegas is BOMB. We had the Sunset people OMG soooo good if you want something spicy and good have this. We also had the room service Pancake. As you know the pancakes are beyond huge. We had like a few bit but it was magical sooooo good
4	The wait can be long during brunch time but it's worth it! The portions are HUGE!! One order of pancake can feed 3-4 people! The French Toast was delicious. Service was good too. Overall, a lot of bang for the buck.
5	Yum! I have been wanting to try this place forever but I don't go all out on breakfast (and sweets) too often, so I had to find the perfect time.I am from LA but I have NOT been to the original - shame on me, huh?This one did not disappoint, though. The portions were RIDICULOUSLY huge. I got the room service pancakes (something like champagne, chocolate, strawberries) and they were amazingly delicious. Did not even fit on the plate. I also had an omelet with a baked potato in it, which was a nice savory contrast to the sweet pancake breakfast and also just as huge. The prices were very reasonable and service was attentive. It is a bit loud inside, but not necessarily a negative.Oh, our table also ordered the red velvet pancakes, which were amazing. They had the signature red velvet frosting on them (cream cheese) and were so much like dessert, it was unbelievable. I would definitely recommend  this place, particularly if you are feeling extra hungry, or maybe, hungover. I didn't get any, but I saw a few people with pitchers of drinks and I was a little jealous :P
