5	Great for a local pub!
2	So so food. Had to send back a sandwich twice. But they were very nice about it. I agree with who ever posted the comment a few weeks ago about them putting up stickers blighting the neighborhood on street signs and light poles.
4	I'm a fan, mostly because the lack of other options near by. Very comfortable place to watch the proper football, food is good but a bit on the pricey side for what you get.I've yet to eat anything I haven't enjoyed and the staff has always been friendly.I come in purely to watch the games and always have had a good time, the TVs are nice and they show all the games throughout.
3	Decided to check out Shakespeare's to shake things up for our weekly Pub Quiz night out. The food was so-so. We tried one of each of the happy hour options - fish taco, slider and chips. Nothing outstanding, but solid efforts. The slider is tiny for the $2 price tag. Tasty, but small. The chips and fish taco were a much more substantial size. They also had some beer specials that were pretty cheap. The other menu items looked pretty good, albeit slightly expensive for pub food. As for the Pub Quiz, we usually go to McMullan's every week, and before that Fado. This place pales in comparison to both. The quizmaster reads the questions out clearly, but the time between questions is insanely long. It took so long and our patience started wearing thin about halfway through. All in all, the place was just all right, but we'll be back because we have to spend our $25 gift card we won for placing third. Haha.
4	Cool and dim inside....The Creamy Vegetable soup- Hellah Good!!!! I would go there just for this soup, I wish the bowl was bigger.... For $5.00 it should be bigger!!!The BF had Fish and Chips and it was pretty good, the big problem though was that the breading on the fish kept falling off- Dip one fish stick in the tarter sauce and all your crunchy breading is still in the sauce- That sucked...I had the Pesto Chicken Sandwich- Pretty good too, I loved that they had potato wedges for fries- YAY!!!I wish there were more food selections in the menu though...We do plan on going back and actually trying their English Selections. FYI if your name is Ursula like mine - the bartender's name is Ursula also so you will be hearing your name all through your meal- whether it's her introducing herself to customers or people calling her- It never failed everytime I heard "URSULA" I looked up even though I knew it wasn't me-Maybe one night all of us URSULA'S should go there and really cause some confusing sh** huh?
4	I've been here once so far, but I am excited to try it again. Seems like a great strip mall find.My friend arrived first, and after eating their wings and burger, called me with the insistent demand that I must come check this place out. He assured me that the wings were fantastic, especially for 6 wings being less than $6. However, as I didn't even see, let alone taste, the wings or burger, I can't really comment. But suffice it to say that my friend swears they were delicious.After checking-in on Foursquare and getting a "special offer" for 20% off an appetizer, I decided to order their mac 'n' cheese. It arrived in what is typically a french onion soup bowl. All crispy cheese goodness on top and ooey, gooey, swimming in tons of cheese on the inside. I have no clue what cheeses were used (and the menu offers no description), but it was excellent. At first glance, it seemed like a small serving, but after digging in, it became clear that there was no way I was going to finish it - very filling. Based on the mac 'n' cheese (and my friend's insistence on the excellent wings), I will definitely be back to try out some other menu items.And they have a better than average selection of beer. Bartenders were nice, if a little inattentive. Good space and set-up. All in all, it is winning so far over the other bars in my immediate area. Here's hoping the return visit holds up.
5	One of my goals when I moved  to Las Vegas, close to 2 years ago now, was to find new places to venture to. To find great local places to call home and frequent  when I just didn't want to sit inside the house all night.  And when I find one I absolutely adore I just want to help out and promote the hell out of the establishment.Shakespeare's Pub & Grill is one I feel deserves that type of promotion!The first time I walked in the pub I thought I was definitely going to like it here.  First, It is a LOT bigger then it looks from the outside and since they added outdoor seating even more people can get the fantastic food they provide.  The pool table to the right and the dart board towards the back was my first indication and first good visual, as I scanned the entire place that this was definitely a true Pub.  As I walked up to the bar I heard the Jukebox playing 80's style music and instantly fell in love.  The bartender at the time was awesome!  We talked all about the opening of the place and the history of the owner (who by the way is a great guy and has an excellent Scottish accent) And since then each bartender I've talked to has been equally fun and interesting.The food!  Well I've only been back 6 times and can't stop from ordering the Guinness wings which are exceptionally tasty.  I've also had the Pear and Blue Cheese Salad (I couldn't keep my fork from diving for more) Every bite was equally great. Another time I ordered the Mozzarella and Tomatoes and rolled my eyes back with happiness, it was just a simple lunch.  One of these days I will be able to have everything on the menu, but that is the fun of going back to a favorite spot.  So go check out the Shakespeare's Pub.  Show a little love to a local Vegas place off the strip and enjoy the food and Pub experience!
5	Great pub right down the road. They have a clean friendly enviroment with great food and service. Great place to watch any soccer match or other sporting events.
2	I went here for St Patricks day after going to their website to see what they had going on. Their site showed that they had a St Patty's day celebration with live music. It also showed they had happy hour DAILY and buy one dinner get one 50% off. We thought it would be a good place to have a beer or two and eat an early dinner.  When we arrived we found out that there was a $10 cover, no happy hour and no dinner discounts.  I would call that false advertisement.We decided to stay since we had people meeting us but the place sucked. Even if we didn't have to pay the cover and got the discount I wouldn't go back. I'm from England so may have pretty lofty expectations as far as the food in concerned but it wasn't even close to authentic and the beers were coming out 75% full.  Unacceptable!
3	Enjoyed Sunday Brunch a couple days ago.Sat outside which was great since the sun was out and the skies were blue... gotta take advantage of the nice weather while it lasts.It's a small area outside but there was no one there but my group so it worked out good for us.The inside is a lot bigger than I thought it would be.  It's nice inside... not too dark and not stuffy.  There are video poker machines at the bar.Good place to hang out.And it's good for groups because they were able to do individual checks.Menu wasn't super extensive but it included some nice options.The service is OK.... I think it's cuz we sat outside that the servers were a bit less attentive.  Not sure. The gal got my order wrong but I'm not holding that totally against her ...  she probably didn't hear me correctly over everyone's talking.The food... taste... preparation.... mediocre.  My eggs were a bit cold and dry.  But the potatoes were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.The pancakes on the other hand were Very Good.... 3 big cakes... hot... fluffy... NICE!  And it was served with some really good looking, red and plump strawberries.Bloody Mary was pretty good.  Better than Republic Kitchen's ... not as good as The Cafe at THEhotel.
2	1. Closes at 2am2. $6.50 beers?!3. No cigars allowed DEAD TO ME :-)
4	This place was dead when we went on a Friday around 4 o'clock but the happy hour was pretty good.  $2 light beers and a $1 off other drafts.  There are a few food specials for $2 as well and on Monday and Friday the happy hour starts at 2 o'clock.  The restaurant/bar are pretty big and there are both high and low tables to sit at.  The waitress was on top of it and was always quick to refill our drinks.  They have a lot of English/Irish beers on tap and even a few craft beers like Lagunitas and Stone.  If you want a good happy hour and a quiet place to hang out, this might just be the place.
3	We go on Wednesday when thay have the trivia game..Food is not bad..Fun place and very crowded on Wednesday
5	What a treat.....This pub was amazing. From the eggs benedict to the best burgers in town to the fish tacos ending the day with nachos and smores out on their patio around the fire pit! Great atmosphere!!!!! Can't wait to return New Years weekend.
4	This charming little gastropub might be a bit out of the way for some (and you can't immediately see it by driving either down Eastern Ave or Coronado so do Mapquest it first) but it's worth the search- a pub that combines the best parts of both a British and Irish Pub experience, including a Wednesday pub quiz, pool/dart areas and a couch area with fireplace and flat-screen TV just above it for a rustic venue to watch your footie or the NFL on. In good weather, you can even sit outside but we've never been here when it's been cool (or non-windy) enough to do so. The owner used to be the general manager of Fado Irish Pub on Eastern before it (sadly) closed and has brought much of the quality food preparation and wide beer and spirits selection along with him to this now British-predominant place. One of the best aspects in the bar area is one of those personal tap-tables with riser seats that allows you and 4-5 of your friends to pour your own Guinness or Harp while it keeps track of the pints drawn (and very accurately, too, down to the 100th decimal point!) Service has been good each time we've gone, too- not hovering but close by if you need something. The food is definitely of good quality, the presentation is great and not that expensive for the portion size and quality. The fish and chips portion is large and very good, the Shepherd's Pie is well-made and presented, bangers and mash are traditionally served and the corned beef sandwich is not made from sliced, round corned beef logs like at some other places, but from a true, uneven brisket piece. And did I mention the traditional British breakfast with all the right sausages and baked beans? They also have great hamburgers and salads, ideal for those who want British/Irish alcohol but not the cuisine that goes along with it (their loss, in my opinion...we've never had a bad meal of traditional British food here.)  The ambience could be better, which is why it only gets four stars. Shakespeare's was not the first tenant of this space and they seem to have inherited a large portion of the old tables/chairs and room design, not all of which makes it look much like a British pub except for some posters and Guinness/Harp advertisements on the walls. But the casual tables-and-chairs set-up has its advantages if you have a group of friends who want to watch sports on any of their many TV's, for example, and the brickwork on some of the pillars gives it a bit of an Old World feel.All in all, if you miss the old Fado (either on Eastern or when it was in Green Valley Ranch years ago), this is not a bad replacement. Even if there's more stress on Britain than Ireland now, they still serve an awesome pint of Harp to go with their steak and mushroom pie, and that's really all that matters.
4	WoW what a great surprise that we found yesterday. We were looking for a new "venue" to watch the football games and decided on Shakespears Grille and Pub in Henderson, Nv.  When I first arrived I sat down and waaited for service which did not come right away I then noticed in the restuarant section of the building there was a soccer team with parents ages about 10 which explained our server being a little tied up. She did come over with a menu and took my drink order which the bartender over heard and began pouring my beer. Once I was joined by my friends our server Debbie came over and could not be more pleasent. As she was tending to other customers and or drinks were running low the bartender noticed this came out from behind the bar to help, great touch. The food was really good, one of us had eggs benedict, which I was told was fabulous, the other had shepards pie which he raved about. We split an order of nachos, really good layered perfectly. They had good beer speciaal and two for one bloody mary's, when the first one was finished the bartender noticed and brought over the second one, great service. One side note that was mentioned to was that even with about 12 kids playing pool and such the noise was not distracting. We will defintly return again, perhaps we can make into a BRONCOS bar!!
5	Loved the FOOD!This place has great food and good beers on tap, happy hour is ok with cheap tacos ($2 I think) and cheaper beers.  Ambiance is cool with the Shakespeare theme/sports bar.  I especially liked the games you can play (jenga, checkers, backgammon etc) while you wait or watch the game.  Overall I really liked it, it is a bit more expensive than some sports bars but the quality of the food and maybe a coupon/cert make up for it!
4	Great place! Love the atmosphere, love the servers, love the food and drinks! Food can be a tiny bit pricier than comparable places, but I think it's worth coming here over somewhere else. Cool pub atmosphere with darts, billiard table, and TVs galore (ALWAYS have soccer on in addition to the more mainstream NFL, NBA, NHL and they'll put whatever you want on if they have the channel). Tons of beer on tap, delicious fish sandwich, big ol fat "fries" (potato wedges). They even do a Pub Quiz on Wednesday nights at 7:00pm!
4	Very good beer selection, dart board, pool table, friendly staff, quiet ambience (no loud music).Potato wedges with curry are adictive.  Steak and mushroom pie is very good. Shepperds pie is good. Chicken curry and veggies is OK,
3	I have been the past two Wednesdays with friends for their pub quiz. The service is very good. The few servers are overwhelmed a bit with the crowds for trivia, but they make the extra effort to get things taken care of. The trivia is a fair challenge, the questions are generally a bit dated, but there is a ok mix of topics. The 3 stars comes from the food and drink prices. Domestic drafts were $4 and most meals were over $12 and not more than basic bar food. Otherwise, this is a fun spot for Wednesday night.
4	I stopped in here to get take out because I was staying across the street at the Hilton. I really liked the atmosphere here, kind of a generic British Isles theme with a variety of paeans to the Bard, obviously. The service was friendly and fast. There were probably a dozen patrons on the Wednesday evening I was there. They seemed to have a solid English pub menu; I'd like to have tried more. What I did try was the pear and blue cheese salad with grilled chicken (added at the waiter's suggestion), and it was great. Wish I'd had time to tip back a few cold ones and hang out here a while.
4	So super underrated little pub.  I actually think that I may have had the best salad i've had in the valley right in this pub!  It was a pear and orange salad.  But what really sold me on it were the candied pecans.  mmmm so worth the carb cutting!  It was absolutley dead the night I went becuase it was a weekday night and we were just driving by looking in.  The staff were super friendly and great.  The star was lost in that we weren't really greeted when we walked in the door.  There was a reception desk and I waited near it to be seated but no one came to do so.  So naturally we just wandered in and sat closer to the bar where we'd be visible and from that point on they were very accomodating.  Great giant screens and totally an irish pub to check out for St. Patty's day if ur trying to avoid the strip!  They said they are taking over part of the parking lot and hiring a band and i'm sure the festivities will be full of merriment!
4	I will be moving to this side of town and was introduced to this pub through my papa! He actually just moved here and found this place while wondering one day. It is actually a realllly nice bar and grille. I almost bought one of their t-shirts, maybe next time though. The bartender was really nice to us. He was always checking in and chit chattin away. I enjoyed his company. I had the Shakespeare Sliders, and when it says comes with fries, its more like comes with amazing potato wedges! So delicious!! They also have this neat table in the middle of the bar where you can have like a drinking party! It has a keg underneath and 2 or 3 taps on top to pour your own beer. It has a meter attached to it, so you pay as much as you drink. I have never actually seen that before. I thought it was neat, could just be me and my little knowledge of brewery shenanigans.They are HUGE rugby fans too! So awesome! I think I am going to enjoy this little pub in the corner! :)
4	Love the Shepherd's Pie and Mac & Cheese.  There is something funky with their AC in the summer.  Maybe a Swamp Cooler?  Dunno but food is good.
3	Dana and I checked this place out last Monday afternoon and were pleasantly surprised!It was completely dead since it was about noon on a Monday...we were the only occupants of the restaurant aside from a lone barfly and the guy who took our order.The decor is pretty cool and makes you feel like you're not necessarily eating at a place set in a strip mall of of Eastern Avenue. It's also quite dark, which is a nice atmospheric touch.I ended up ordering Ian's Savory Meat Pie and Dana had a bacon cheeseburger. Both of them came with delicious potato wedges, and each entree tasted pretty dang good. The filling of the meat pie consisted of seasoned beef, peas and carrots. It definently warmed me up on a cold day.I only knock this place because it is a little too expensive for the fare offered and because the service is a bit slow, although extremely friendly. They do have a happy hour with discounted appetizers though and a late night menu which appeared to have some good prices as well.
4	Hit up Shakespeare's after golf one day.  Had a few beers and a great lunch.  Added bonus, a University of Kentucky game was on.  Started with chips and curry then had the Pesto Chicken sandwich with EVEN MORE chips (tater wedges) and curry (spicy brown gravy).  Clearly, I enjoyed the curry, but it came back with a vengeance.  Had the worst indigestion of my life a few hours later.   You know that old saying about curry . . . just kidding.  If there is an old saying about curry, I don't know it.  But seriously, don't overdo it like me.   I hear they have trivia on Wednesday nights too and the only thing I love more than UK and tater wedges with spicy brown gravy is trivia.
4	Similar batter for fish as your chicken tenders? Why, yes, please. I like that their batter is thinner than most places, comes out crisp, and keeps the chicken moist. My friend and I had came here after lounging around Crepe Shack for a few hours. Dessert before dinner had landed us right outside of the happy hour window. Come before 7pm on the weekdays and the appetizers are a couple dollars cheaper. The serving sizes are smaller, so the deals did not look that appealing. There are definitely better deals out there. The whole Great Britain area does know how to produce good fried items. The chips are also delicious. Big wedges, sprinkled with parsley goes well with a splash of vinegar. Our pints of Guinness and a Snake Bite are reasonable at $6 each. Some of the drinks are on the crazy expensive price. Even the Irish bars on the Strip do not charge some of these prices. For $26, we got two drinks, chicken fingers, and chips. Not bad since we could not finish off all of it. It is just a lot of heavy food. I liked how honest the bartenders were. When we asked about the menu he rattled off about how some of the items are skimpy and which are the best. I appreciated the honesty.
4	corned beef sandwich is good.  beers are good and the price is well.  Check in for a discount.
4	Googled English pub's and found Shakespeare's.  The waitress was super friendly and the Sausage rolls were Brilliant. I would also recommend the Fish & Chips. Great atmosphere, especially if you are a sports fan, which I am not. We will be back again!
4	Love the food. Potato wedges come in a very large portion for $4. Add some fish tacos from the happy hour menu (2 for $5)and you are set. This is the same fish as the fish and chips, great crispy battered pieces.The service can be a bit slow but the folks always seem friendly, even with nondrinkers in the party. Lots of room and it is always nice to be able to choose where you want to sit. Lots of TVs around for the sports minded.
4	Nice, but not wonderful, selection of beer. The Guinness BBQ sauce covered wings were very good. The Caesar salad good, but also nothing special. The live music from the Killian's Angels was very good.
4	Irish pub sports bar that serves exactly what I wanted off the Vegas strip.  I came in because I had a haircut appointment nearby in an hour, and noticed they had a lunch menu with a smaller shepherd's pie, my favorite gastropub thing to order. The food came out quickly and was perfect.  Service was fast and friendly.  I was a happy camper!
4	Glad to know there is a place that serves decent fish and chips in this town. We found them based off of other Yelp reviews...Thank you for that! The food is good hearty and full of flavor, it maybe not be as authentic as most pubs by way of atmosphere, but they deliver on quality of food and service, The chips are excellent the beer cold and yes the Guiness on tap is like an "old friend" in a glass. Try it if you crave pub comfort food or just want to chill in a friendly neighborhood place, for some beer and pool.
4	Cool little Irish pub. The place is rather large. Great place for a everyday spot to grab a drink and a burger. The food is not bad. It typical pub food. The menu could be designed a bit better as it is a bit hard to read but other than that its all good. The service was friendly. Our drinks came out fast. The place was kinda slow but they have themed nights. Will definitely be back.
4	Great food. Friendly staff. Band that night was mediocre.
4	Shepards Pie was very good.  Our group came to play trivia and had a good time.  Service was a little slow, but it was busy.  I would go back to play trivia and would consider going in just for dinner.
1	How sad!!  The food here used to be great, but alas, no longer tis' so.  Stopped by to say bye to the bartender leaving for New Zealand, only to find he had been fired!  The Guinness BBQ wings used to be delicious, but now they just taste like plain old bad BBQ.  The fish and chips was once really 'the best in town', now it looks and tastes like the frozen Gorden's fisherman's fish from the grocery store.  Unbelievably the Guinness didn't even taste right!  It's better out of a can!!!  Not sure what happened but with the original staff gone and the food now very poor and substandard...sorry to say we won't be back!
1	BEWARE!I went there Friday afternoon for a business meeting. Beers were $6 and we got the chicken skewers. It was a tiny breast piece of chicken wrapped around the stick then totally dried out. So gross. The sauce was disgusting. We got the "JoJo" fries. Mediocre, cold when we got them. Our food took forever and was cold when we got it. The place was completely empty! Worst part was I checked my bank statement yesterday and they waitress tacked on a $50 tip! She didn't even deserve the tip I gave her, let alone $50 for bringing out 4 beers and some crappy food. I drove to the restaraunt to get it taken care of, and there "was no manager there". How do you not have a manager on duty?! I gave them my number and I was nicely called back 24 hours later and told that I was refunded the $50. No offer to discount my check or real apology. Just excuses! This place is a fraud and I will NEVER go back. Disgusted!
1	I just moved to Henderson and searched for a local British Pub as soon as I could.. When I saw this one offered trivia and was called Shakespeare's  I was double excited. I had so high hopes...which were quickly squashed.. Where to begin... The service was terrible , I mean piss poor attitudes, pretentious snobbery , just plain rude.. How to servers, bartenders, and hostesses of a pub come to have such high regard for themselves and such low regard for their customers .One of the things a pub is known for is their love for their customers, that warm and fuzzy feeling that everyone knows your name..or at least wants to learn it. sigh, maybe i watch too much CHEERS So where was I, our waiter was an ass. Our food was disgusting.. meat skewers that looked like mini meat skewers..So tiny and dried up ..They were completely inedible..I would have told our server to take them back, if he had ever came back to out table.. I was pretty sad and wanted to leave but then trivia began , it was hosted by some woman who just downloaded everything from a site and sat at a booth and ate while sloooowly going through the questions and answers..giving all the tables plenty of time to get the answers off their phones. She was too busy eating and flirting with all the managers to even check for cheaters.  Shakespeare would be rolling in his grave
4	Trivia here on Wednesdays is really fun.  Some of my friends complain it is hard to hear, but I think they just don't really pay attention.  The food and service are very good.
5	Previous reviews no longer apply..this great pub is recently under awesome new ownership.The owners are Vegas locals and will make this pub the place to be..the food is awesome, the staff is great. Checking out trivia tomorrow at 7 pm...awesome pub....
5	Shakespeare's Grille & Pub was in my bookmarks for quite some time. Due to increasingly negative reviews it started to fall far down the priority list. Friday night, one of my best friends and I decided to do light bar hopping in Anthem and Shakespeare's was brought up. The space inside was quite large. I was expecting a dark and dingy dive bar, but it was actually decently lighted, clean, and very spacious. After chatting with the bartender, who was very friendly and accommodating, we found out that this place is now under new ownership. Then we got to chat with the new owner. He was extremely friendly and accommodating as well. He expressed great interest in customer feedback, yelp, and ways to appease his customers in general. He told us they are simplifying and redesigning the menu, and although we did not order any food, I am sure I will be back to sample some of the fare they have to offer. The owner also has fun events planned for each day of the week such as trivia night, karaoke night, and even bringing in live bands. That sounds petty awesome for a little neighborhood bar!  They also have the TouchMusic jukebox of which I am the master with my little app. Another bonus! We had a slew of drinks for $20, so this is definitley not a "strip" priced bar which is a great thing. Give it a shot! I am thinking of organizing a UYE here sometime down the line.
4	Delicious beer!  Yum!  A cool spot, spacious and clean often with live music or trivia games.  My wife and I would call this our favorite neighborhood pub because it's super close and always good.  Waitress Angel is always so nice and everyone else we have encountered has been friendly as well.  The food is good, but not amazing, although my wife loves the fish and chips.  The real English mustard is great, though, and there is darts and billiards.  A really great bar!
3	I had hopes of a great experience at Shakespeare's but was only semi-impressed.  The atmosphere was nice, but not what I had expected given the name and all.  The food was actually pretty good for bar selection and the service was standard.  I did enjoy finding a new place which had team bar trivia and their sound system was clear and not to loud.  The pace was not to fast so you could hear the questions and still have time to discuss the answer with your team before they moved on to the next round.I will be back to give them another chance to increase my star rating and to sample more than their happy hour snack menu.
4	thanks to dana s for the uye trivia. they had kilkenny so i was happy. ordered the shepards pie. they turned the top of the gravy into a zen garden with cool designs. it had a good salt level. some places go way overboard on the salt. our waiter was a good character and had no problem doing separate checks! the quiz portion was fun! although i think our large group was excited and yelling out answers. i was guilty of this as well. after the quiz ended it got really quiet. a little too quiet.[The three Turtles infiltrate The Shredder's junkyard.]Donatello: The perimeter's quiet.Leonardo: Yeah, a little too quiet.Michelangelo: Come on.[The Turtles sneak forward; Donatello takes out two sentries solo]Donatello: Well, that was easy.Leonardo: Yeah, a little too easy.[They see Raphael tied to a post]Donatello: Look, it's Raph!Michelangelo: Yeah, a little too Raph.when i first used the bathroom i kept trying to lift the handle to wash my hands at the sink, but realized after like 2 attempts that it was an automatic faucet that looked like a handle. tricky... very tricky...
5	Been here a few times for trivia and once for karaoke and I really want to go back and just try it on a regular day. The food offerings are excellent--curry chips!--and the alcohol and beer lists are excellent. The bartenders and servers are great, too. This place really feels like a neighborhood joint which we seriously lack in our land of strip malls and stucco.I have yet to have a bad experience here!
4	Generally I come here on trivia nights which are a lot of fun. The beer selection is solid and the service here is very good even when they are very busy, if not a tad bit slow.They run a lot of events and live music which makes it a lot of fun to come here. I met the owner and he was really friendly as well.The reason I take away one star is that their food is good but not great. Some of their dishes are certainly better than others, but some seem expensive for what they are and it isn't as if the quality is particularly outstanding. Of particular note to me is the sausage rolls which are delicious. However, I had a meat pie and some other things and they were all just average.The place is really big - maybe too big for its own good when they aren't running an event, but it does really fill up when they have something going on.
3	Can here mid afternoon after running some errands.  Have driven by plenty of time and finally decided to see what it was all about.  From the beer to the food it was just average.  Not bad but not memorable.
5	I have been going to dealer school next door for a month and after I got my certificate, a few of us went over to Shakespeare's to have a celebration beer (or two.)  I was shocked at the size when I walked inside..it's much bigger than it looks from the outside.  It was very cute and cozy too.  We all got food and beers and the waitress/bartender gave us separate checks without us even asking for them.  She was very patient with us while we ordered all at different times since some people joined us late.I thought the food was very good.  I got the fish tacos which came with a salad.  I was very surprised at how good the food was.  After we ate, we played pool for a few hours.  At a buck a game, it was cheap entertainment.  There was a band playing that was okay, but before they set up, the bartender had some blues going on the juke box that I really liked! I will definitely be going back.  The food was great, the atmosphere was cozy and warm.Oh and the best part:  NON Smoking! =)
4	The chips and curry were great!  Great selection of drinks!  Live band was... invasive.
3	Shakespeare's is a solid 3 (I'd give 3.5 if I could, but would not go as high as 4). We come at least a couple times a month for trivia, which they do on Tues & Weds every week. Their service is always friendly, their food is acceptable but not great (with a menu that varied it's hard to do half of it really spot on; so far, the best things we've tried have been the meat pies; they're pretty delicious, as well as the chips & curry), and they have a good draught & bottled beer selection with a lot of craft offerings. I'm not sure many people order the craft beers there, though, because it doesn't seem like their inventory turns over very often. We've gotten a couple of expired bottles, and a handful of draughts that tasted fairly stale and/or bottom-of-the-barrel-y. It's a decently pleasant place, though, & it's pretty centrally located if you live in Henderson or Southeast Vegas.
4	Our first visit here. Hubs had shepherds pie and I their fish & chips. My husband thought  his dinner was pretty good, & I thought mine was good, too. The homemade coleslaw that came with my dish was very good! Will come here again - good atmosphere and good food...and drink!
4	I would recommend giving this place a try. Nice staff, nice environment. It was karaoke night and everybody had a good time.
2	This was a huge disappointment, but I think my problem may have stemmed from the fact that I ordered Mexican food from a British pub. But how can you mess up fish tacos? And my husbands burger was "tasteless and dry". He made the bonehead move of ordering American food at a British pub. So maybe we should have ordered fish and chips?
1	The restaurant is good. I ordered the BBQ flatbread. It's really good. The restaurant overall is never busy. I won't be surprise if they go out of BUSSINESS.
5	Discovered this place via a friend who works in the food/beverage industry. The food:  They have happy hour 7 days a week. My favorite happy hour item is the chicken tenders. Or the chips and curry. However, my favorite overall is the chicken curry meat pie. OMG, the curry. I crave it daily. Sooooo good. Fish and chips are great as well. My husband really likes the sliders and the Caribbean chicken salad. During football games they have $15 buckets of sliders/wings/tenders with fries. My inner fat kid is always happy on game days. Staff:  I love the staff. My drink glass never gets empty. I can come here, tell the bartender "I like rum and fruity drinks" and they can whip up something delicious and strong. YUM. The owner is often around, mingling with the rest of us and asking how things are going. He is a true beer aficionado. I have seen him sit with my husband for 15 minutes talking beer. He always asks for recommendations on what we would like to see on tap, and my husband likes to think that's why the 90 min Dogfish IPA is on tap (lol, his personal fav). Gaming:  The machines here are gold pass poker machines. I enjoy them. Never struck it rich but I usually walk out even. They just got 2 brand new dart boards which is where we spend most of our time. Entertainment:  They have quiz trivia, comedy nights, and live music events. I like coming here on Sundays and relaxing on their couches to watch the games. They also have a pool table and Golden Tee, neither of which I've used. I'm here for the food, the strong drinks, and the service. Highly recommended.
5	AMAZING craft beer selection. Had a great conversation with one of the owners, Corey, and he turned me on to some I had never heard of, let alone tried before. It's obvious that he's taken a lot of care and time creating a beer list with more than 100 choices. I'm going to be spending some serious time at what is my new watering hole!!!!
5	Oh my goodness!!!!! I have a picture of my favorite draft beer of current times!!!!  Came in for football and had a BUCKET of fish and chips for $15.  Same price as the entree but WAAAAAAY more if a portion. Kerri and Shannon understood my hatred of mayonnaise and offered me pasta salad instead of coleslaw. I'm officially in love. Coming in Monday night because the buckets (and I do mean a literal bucket)  of food for $15 is available and they follow football with live comedy. I love to eat, drink and laugh (although the order of those three is up for grabs) so I'm totally checking it out. :) Realized checking in gets me a discount. I WILL check in tomorrow. Hope the discount applies to specials. I'll letcha know!!!
5	Luv this place! Great food, great drinks, friendly bar tenders and very clean!!!! Tell your friends if they want to enjoy some great times and friendly atmosphere to come here!!!
5	Awesome place to eat and drink! Also you can watch any football game there and they have individual speakers to listen what game you want! The sausage rolls are awesome and so are the hand rolled chicken fingers. So many beers to choose from and a full bar. Everyone is so friendly there as well! They have something for everyone different nights of the week. Check it out you won't be disappointed!
5	Kerri and Tiffini are fantastic!! Just go here, eat the fish and chips and drink Guinness. It will just make you happy!!!
5	Hands down, best bar I've EVER been too. Literally no comparison when it comes to that one spot you go after a long day at work. Friendly staff (I.e Sidney, Jorge, Shannon, Corey). Always accomadating. I also love that whenever I have a fresh idea for a new drink, Shannon is on point! The selections that Joaquin and Shannon have are simply amazing! The food is as equally delicious as the beer selection. If you're looking for an inexpensive version of yard house, this is your place to go. 20 beers on tap, and 101 bottles. The food is also very Irish/British based. The chicken tenders are my ultimate favorite. Also, if you're looking for a hotspot that has something going on every night of the week, Shakespeare's has got you covered. Each day of the week there is a something going on. Thursday nights are ladies nights. Your very first drink is FREE! That's right FREE. Comedy night on Mondays is always great as well, I absolutely love Charlie!
5	The food is amazing but the service is incredible. Jorge the server is upbeat fun and keeps the drinks coming! He is by far the best waiter we have ever had.
5	I followed Shannon the bartender from her previous job because she always gave me great service and when she mentioned they have tons of craft beer, of course I was going to go check it out as I love IPA, Imperial IPAs and so on. I can't say enough on how awesome this place is. There is no smoking which automatically rates it a 5 star, and Cory as well as Justin are great owners. They take time to hear suggestions for different booze and take care of their dart boards which I love. They were some crappy Coors Light boards but they upgraded to DMI Bandits which are staple free. I'm hoping they start some sort of dart league or tournament in the near future to take part in. They have the newest Golden Tee which is also a great addition. The next best thing would be a Power Putt LIVE machine, then I'd live at this bar!Anyway, go check this place out but for the best bartender in town go see Shannon on Monday, Friday, Saturday or Sunday night! She may occasionally have others but it's a toss up.GOGOGOOO@*&(P*&^%$#@!~
5	Love love love Jorge!  He's the absolute best in Vegas. The food & drinks are delicious as well.
5	Jorge is awesome!!!!!! I only come here when he is working!! Get the Mac and Cheese...mouthwatering
5	So glad to be back to Shakespeare's.Jorge has always taken great care of us, and is the reason we always come back.  The beverage deals and excellent food don't hurt, either.We're always a big, loud, rowdy group, and they let us practically rearrange the dining room to accommodate our needs, and allow us to bring in birthday cakes and other things that many restaurants frown upon.  They've always been good to us, and we'll keep coming back for more!
5	I love this place! I love the food and the service. Awesome fish and chips. Jorge does such a great job taking care of our VERY large group. It always makes for a fantastic time.  No smoking is a huge plus.
5	The service is great Jorge is the best! Friday nights can become busy, but he can remember to get us refills and what each member in our group ordered. Happy hour 2 for $5 fish tacos that are really tasty and I'm not a fan of fish normally.
4	Your typical British pub, Shakespeare's offers over 100 different beers, some sort of event going on each night of the week, and decent enough pub food. At a joint like this I did not expect the beer list to be so extensive and I was pleasantly surprised. I have come here a couple of times for lunch and a few times I have come to partake in the Trivia Pub Quiz UYEs.The food itself is what you would expect from a pub. Good not great, and sometimes you will have to wait a little while for it to come out of the kitchen. I found it quite interesting that their chicken tenders resembled the fish portion of an order of fish n chips, in that the batter used for the protein was identical. The saving grace for me was finding Poutine on the menu, which is a childhood favorite of mine. Can't go wrong with french fries slathered in hot gravy and topped with onions and cheese curds.EventsMondays: ComedyTuesdays: TriviaWednesdays: TriviaThursdays: Live MusicFridays: KaraokeSaturdays: Live MusicSundays: Live Music
5	Great service! Great food! Great beer! Plus its smoke free so you don't leave smelling like an ash tray! Definitely a new "after work" favorite place! :)
4	One of the best little pubs in the area. I usually come for a pint or two with my girlfriend after a long day. Really amazing selection for drinks here, and the food is definitely worth coming back for. Each night something good is happening here, my favorite day is Wensday, which is quiz night ( I've won a few times and have gotten great beer related prizes).
4	A Guinness and Harp tap at your own table??  SNAP!  Too bad there's only one table like that, but the cost would be prohibitive to do them all.  This place isn't much for atmosphere and on Wednesday night we always get the slowest server ever.  However, it's a lovely, quiet place for lunch, they have an amazing selection of beers on tap, video poker if you want it and it's a FUN place to go.  For some reason it always seems just a bit too warm inside, even in the winter.  Weird.  But I would go.  Get the curry sauce to dip your fries in.  The sausage rolls are DIVINE!
5	Great local spot with over 100 craft beers.  Need I say more?  Looking forward to coming here again
4	Came here a couple weeks ago because my friend was having an event there. I have to say it was a little difficult to find. I guess I just assumed it was a stand alone building but was surprised to find it in group of other buildings. Tons of beer on tap which is a huge plus! I tried a few different ones but needless to say I can't remember which ones! I didn't try any of the food but I heard it was ok. They also have a fire pit out front which was cool to sit around towards the end of the night.
4	I have gone here a couple times for pub trivia.  The ambiance and decor provide for a great pub atmosphere.  Very spacious dining and bar area.  If I lived in the area I would definitely drop by for some of the premier league soccer games.  The premier league banners on the wall give the bar an atmosphere that is different from the standard cookie cutter sports bar.Drinks are reasonably priced and mixed drinks are well made.  I've never had a beer there, but the selection looks pretty diverse and would appeal to beer aficionados.  The food is largely pub classics.  The battered chicken tenders are good and rate up there with some of the better chicken tenders in the Las Vegas bars.  The sausage rolls with aioli mustards are an excellent appetizer to share and were good as well.  There is not an item on the food menu that you would think of and say I have to go to this bar.  In fairness, that statement is true for 99% of the bar food in Las Vegas.What really makes this place four stars is the service and friendly owners.  the staff goes out of their way to make your bar experience a quality one.  Somewhere John Taffer would be very happy.
5	Great place to hang out after work with some friends. Fun atmosphere with a great craft beer selection. Ask for my old buddy of many years, Ray!
4	Had an English friend visiting us so we thought we would give this place a try and we were not disappointed.  The beer was cold and fresh and the selection very large.  We then decided to eat and had the following selections:  Fish & Chips, Fish Tacos, mini Meat Pie and Sausage Rolls.  Every item was excellent as were the wedge fries and cole slaw.  Fantastic service as well.No doubt we will be back, perhaps when they have some entertainment.
4	Good full bar, friendly bartenders, friendly staff. Food looked good what ppl was eating. Looks like the fish and chips are a hit there.
4	I made a visit to this bar late last night to see some amazing comedians for open mic night. I was getting a little hungry waiting for the show to start. I decided to look at a menu while I waited. The waitress was very concerned about what I wanted to order which made me very pleased with this experience. Usually, the waitress will walk away to give me a second and think. Not today my friends! She held my hand and told me everything was going to be ok! Also, she told me that my heart was made of gold. I was convinced I was going to marry this waitress!I ended up ordering the Beer Battered Chicken Fingers w/ fries. Let me tell you that at first I was worried. $9 for some chicken fingers? Is McDonalds open?!I followed through to eat this amazing creation. Overall, the chicken fingers are definitely in their own category. I forgot to mention that I am a chicken finger ambassador! The only thing I didn't like about the experience was the amount of ranch I received. I love ranch with my chicken fingers. That's just how I roll!
4	Shakespeare's has been a long-time favorite. It's primarily my favorite because it is a friendly environment and NON-SMOKING (the best!). They have a huge selection of different beers, carry great flavors of vodka, and a decent selection of wines. Our group goes almost every week for their Pub Quiz/trivia on Wednesday nights, and occasionally we hang out on the weekends and play pool or sit and listen to the jukebox.I recently hosted my sister's 40th bday party there and worked directly with the owner and his partner. The service was awesome (Jorge is our usual waiter), the food was all set up and very reasonably priced. We were lucky to have a live band performing too. All of our guests enjoyed themselves.My only feedback (and why I'm not giving 5 stars) is that they could work on the food some more. There have been a few times when our burgers/steaks were over cooked or a time they ran out of tortilla chips. The steaks could be better quality meat (they've been a little tough or fatty).Overall, we love Shakespeare's, have a lot of fun and it's awesome to interact with Justin and Cory, the bartenders, and wait staff. Enjoy all of them.
4	Surprisingly nice atmosphere for a bar in a strip mall.  Large open spaces, NO SMOKING, lots of great beers on tap.  There is a large projector screen and several TVs scattered around the bar,  this would be a great place to watch a game.Pool tables, Golden Tee and a juke box!
4	This place has really come along. Jeff is doing wonders here. Haven't found anything on the menu that hasn't been excellent and the Craft Beers are coming weekly now it seems.The live music has started, on a small scale and will only improve the heads through the door. If/when the Drink Specials follow, this is going to be the Go-To place.New Diners: Mention Yelp BOGO 1/2 Off Lunch Entree
5	Outstanding place.  The food is great and the karaoke is fabulous.  However, because this is a British themed pub, the food won't be traditional.   But it's still awesome grub.  I woke up hung over and my throat was sore.  For sure signs of a great night....and I have the video to prove it....Amy Lee I am not but it's great to sing your heart out with your friends.  And the staff is great about getting you a cab - wink.
5	I adore this place.  The lamb sliders or shepherd pie are my favorites.  Trivia night, comedy night or karaoke night, any night you go will be amazing!
4	I really like the vibe of this place. They have a huge selection of beer (draft and otherwise) The boyfriend was in beer heaven. He even got me to try a few. Great bartender, she quickly picked up on the boyfriends adventurous beer ordering, and started offering him different choices and brought him a sample or two. She was good. For food, we started with the Chicken Curry meat pie. I liked lt, and want to go back and try the steak one. Then we split the chicken Tikka Masala and the Sheperd's Pie. Both were pretty good. I love a good Sheperd's pie, but I was kinda stuffed by the time I got to it. The Chicken Tikka Masala was unlike any I've had before but good. I definitely want to try their fish and chips too. I'm sure we'll be back soon. Also, This place has a lot of themed nights. Wednesday there's trivia and a comedy something on another night
3	I go here for Trivia on Wednesdays. It's usually really crowded which makes the trivia atmosphere fun. However, if you go on a Wednesday, be prepared for long service and a somewhat rude server. My trivia group has been coming here pretty regularly, but the service hasn't gotten better. We usually get one server whose attitude is supposed to be a fun, laid-back nonchalance but he comes off curt and rude especially when you're hungry/thirsty. Food is alright, but there aren't a lot of vegetarian options. I wouldn't eat here without some event going on because the quality doesn't match the price.
1	I have never been here but my cousin and her husband are regulars at this place because they live right around the corner from it. They took me here tonight and the waiter Jorge was ridiculously terrible. This review will not be good and because of him I will probably never go back there again, my cousin even said she might stop going there because they had him the last three times and it was just the worst service ever. They ordered their beers and I let the waiter know that I needed a couple of more minutes because they have a really big beer list. He came back roughly 5 minutes later with their beer and as I was midsentence about to order my beer, he stormed off and walked away not even asking if I was ready. He Didn't come back to the table until roughly 5 to 7 minutes later. I ordered my beer and he was out of it so I ordered a different beer that he said he had. He came back to the table with a totally different beer that I didn't ask for. He said he was out of that beer that I asked for as well. What he should've done was come back to the table and ask me what I wanted instead of assuming what he thought I wanted. I ordered my next beer and he came back to the table with the original beer I asked for that he said he was out of in the first place. At this point I was fuming and there was nothing that was going to turn the service around. At the end of the night we asked for our check at three different occasions and still nothing. Oh and did I mention that he handed us everything we ordered instead of putting it down on the table!? Worst service ever and they were out of a lot of stuff!!! Terrible. I forgot to mention his snarky comments that he thought was funny but was actually just rude.
4	SOLID! I tend to frequent the local pub's to watch the English Premier Soccer games, and of course at this moment the World Cup action on daily. I have a thing for atmosphere, with a bunch of random good people whom are fans, eating good food, and watching great soccer...when that goal is scored for your team and throwing the high fives to your neighboring table it just makes the game that much better. I wanted to switch it up from my regular Crown & Anchor routine and being near Eastern and Anthem area anyway it made sense to look at Yelp to direct me here. It was a smaller attention game Japan v Columbia so arriving half hour before the game left the couch and comfortable chairs in front of the drop down open and was the ideal place to enjoy the game. If its a higher profile game i would recommend getting there early for a spot as i can tell that this place could be popular with 2 drop down screens and projectors and plenty of space to roam during the game. My server was Shelly, what a sweetheart! Pretty much made my afternoon with her attitude and service. I had the Fish tacos, and my partner in crime for the day enjoyed the Fish & Chips...fish batter is on point and crispy, although i like thinner crispy fries rather than wedge the wedges were still very tasty. Pretty much ties the best meal i've had during a game with Twin Peaks where i also had fish tacos. We also shared a dessert, a warm brownie with ice cream on top that was pretty tasty and finished out my meal perfectly. If your looking for a place to watch the game, and grab a good bite Shakespeare's delivers. Do check it out. Tomorrow is Germany v USA, and i know where ill be.
4	Went with a large group of people on a Saturday night for dinner and drinks. I had the cheeseburger and fries special for $8. The burger was really good and was pretty big. The bad news was they did not have Harp or Bass on tap which is weird for a pub to not at least have one of those so you can do a Black and Tan or Half and Half. The drinks were a bit pricey for a local pub but it seems like everywhere now has upped the alcohol prices. All in all a very nice local place with a good vibe.
1	Don't bother going here to watch the Soccer game the whole bar has already been reserved we all left...very disappointed...
5	This place is awesome and the service is great...I heard a customer say they were disappointed in the place because the couldn't accomidate a large party during World Cup...lol..You go to an English pub on World Cup with a large party without a reservation....That's smart...but it's the places fault...lol!!! Large Party = Reservation...duh...This place is great..
1	The service here is absolutely awful. We came in for trivia about 4 or 5 times, and tonight was our last straw with this place. We've had two different waiters/waitresses, and they all have the same stupid attitude ("Can we have menus please?" "maaaaybe"). This wouldn't be so bad except every time they forget the menus! The food itself is pretty decent for bar food, if you can convince your waiter to take your order - and assuming they remember the order. Every time we've been here, they've either gotten someone's order wrong (I realize this could be a mixup in the kitchen too, but still), or they just blatantly forget to bring something. A few examples of what this establishment apparently considers "service":One of our servers was just blatantly rude - someone at our table ordered a drink ("could I get a vodka cranberry please?") and he responded with "No" and walked away. I get it, you're supposed to be the cool, laid back server that will joke with us - but that only works if you actually do your job. He never brought the drink, even after being reminded once. On a separate night, he brought out the wrong order (someone ordered chicken tenders, he brought chicken nachos). Instead of apologizing and taking the order back to be replaced, he put the nachos down in front of her, said "I SWEAR I heard nachos", and walked away.Our waitress tonight took 15 minutes to bring us menus (she was chatting - not busy with other customers). She tried pulling off the 'adorable girl' attitude on us, which again may have worked if she did her job. We never got drink menus, waiting another 10-15 minutes to order food, and even then the orders were messed up.This is literally the only place I have ever gone and not left a tip. My entire group are good tippers, and even with poor service tip at least 15% (and that takes pretty poor service for us to leave that little). After leaving the bare minimum the last few times, tonight was the last straw - for the first time in our lives, we left $0 tip. That's how awful the service is here.I like the food, I love the trivia, but I will never be coming back here. Spend your money somewhere where there's good service - or hell, even poor service is better than this place.
4	I like hanging out here.  Nice to sit on the patio and grab a cold beer on a warm evening. They have an amazing selection of bottled and beers on tap.  There are different events here depending on the night.  Trivia night, this place gets pretty packed.  The service needs improvements tho.  I have yet to try the food.
5	Excellent fresh fish, chips ok Poutine is Huge!!  Very good.  Husband says Guinness at the perfect temp.  We will be back  service was excellent
5	Very rarely do I like places this much the first time.  It has a great atmosphere, and made me feel welcome.  I will definitely be there on in quiz nights. And the food is worth it by itself.
2	The service we received was excellent, Shelley was very friendly & helpful.The pub itself was just looking a bit old/tired.We came here to watch the World Cup semi final and they do have plenty of screens (although the projectors are not as bright/sharp as would be ideal).The food just wasn't very good/authentic at all.The bacon in the "Full English Breakfast" is american style (I didn't order it, but was disappointed to hear that).I had the sausage rolls which were very "heavy/stodgy" the meat had next to no flavor and perhaps the pastry just wasn't cooked long enough?The poutine had some breaded cheese curds which did not help the flavor/texture (as the gravy just made them very soggy).The shepherds pie was decent - the smaller lunchtime size was big enough for me.They do have HP sauce and malt vinegar on all the tables which is a nice touch.My wife had the fish & chips (which really is fish and wedge fries - and seasoned wedge fries which is just odd).  The whole meal kind of looked like it was from Sysco.I would not head back here - and also would not say that their food is representative of good English pub fayre.
1	Went here to watch the World Cup 2014.Service?  There was none.  Complete and utter failure.We actually tried to go to see the US match, but was turned away because we didn't make reservations.  That was fine.  This time we had reserved a table, but it didn't matter because the staff was completely unprepared for the event.   Kind of crazy since they are known to be a soccer viewing sports bar.  Rather disappointing.
1	We must have gone on a bad night. Service was terrible, it took forever to get our server to take our order, provide refills,provide to go boxes and to provide our bill. However I find it interesting that after the bill was dropped off, and we paid that the waiter picked up the bill with our money very quickly.Food was fine. If it wasn't for the bad service we would return.. But don't think we will return anytime soon.
5	Went for my first time this weekend and the bartender was extremly friendly and nice. She was the only one working and on top of it. My drink was always filled and she was very easy to talk to. I will be going back!
5	Had a nice lunch with my friends! The food was GREAT and large portions. Megan our server was amazing!! If you haven't been you need to go!!!
1	Came in on a Saturday afternoon and pub was relatively quiet service was friendly and fast however food is utterly disgusting. Potato wedges with fish ,not chips or even french fries. over cooked highly processed sausages. Ive tasted better pototoes out of boxes and  potatoes previously frozen large ass fish fingers (battered cod).#fail
4	Taming of the brew.This might become one of my regular haunts, mostly because the drinks are strong and I can crawl home. I decided  to stop here on a random Tuesday night before calling it a night and was greeted by the sounds of "Pub Trivia Night". "Where was Britney Spears born?",  "ummm...the South?" I thought as I bellied up to the bar. I dig the decor in this place; old school lanterns, unique European chandeliers hanging from the ceiling, and a giant British Flag above the bar, so Londony! As I looked at the bar menu I noticed that they serve Poutine! The American werewolf in my belly growled as I ordered this insanely rich dish and a fresh adult beverage. If you're not familiar with this traditionally Canadian dish, Poutine is a decadent pile of french fries, cheese curds and gravy, be still my beating heart. No seriously, it could have stopped while I was consuming it. Shakespeare's Pub also has a bevy of beers on tap, but I went with the vodka & soda. I wasn't sure if I could handle a Stout beer along with gravy soaked cheese fries. As I waited for my food and drink, I chatted it up with the bartenders and got the 4-1-1 on the trivia nights. Not is only does it get packed in here every Tuesday and Wednesday, but if your team wins you get to sit at what I'm calling the "Champions' Table". It's a table with a beer tap attached, serving of course, Guinness and Harp. I'm not sure if the winners get to choose the beers. As I pondered the idea of adding a toilet to a table that I would never have to leave, my Poutine arrived in all of it's gravy and cheese covered glory. Now a normal or "classic" Poutine would have regular cheese curds. However, in the Shakespeare's Pub version they are breaded and fried. AMAZING! I dived in fork first. I consumed about half of this order along with some help from my girlfriend, after which my food coma took over. Love this place, love the people who work here, and love/hate the Poutine. To quote Shakespeare..."Unquiet meals make ill digestions", True Dat! I will definitely be coming back to Shakespeare's Grille and Pub.
2	We've eaten here before and been pleased with the food, although the service has been slow. This evening, however, we walked out after sitting for nearly ten minutes without so much as an acknowledgement from a server. Even a simple wave as indication that we'd been noticed would have been an improvement.The food is good, but I can get good food at any number of places in town. The service here is just not good enough for me to recommend them to anyone else.
2	Bla
5	This is a great spot for locals. The customer service is exceptional. The bartenders are always on point and the owners are always around welcoming you. Lots of different fun events to choose from every night. Great food. HUGE variety of beer. My favorite local bar bands down
5	Their clubs are amazing! Staff is super great as well. Defiantly one of my favorite places for lunch.
3	Again, fish and chips did not deliver, fish was small, and only two sticks, with too many fries to compensate. Not worth 15 dollars.
5	HOLY BALLS. I love Poutine. I'm talking OBSESSED. The Poutine here as amazing. The curds are fried, the Guinness Gravy is slamming, and the fries are just the right amount of potato.The amount of craft beers is pretty solid. Lots I haven't seen and many more I have. Lots of bottles to choose from.The place itself can get pretty full and loud because they have a trivia night here. It's pretty cool, but hard to get seated. Check ahead.
5	Had a great time there at the comedy show the service was fantastic, the food mouth watering and the place was clean and very exciting.also a plus the food was affordable....
5	Check in on yelp and you get 50% your second entree you order!This place is a casual pub/ bar located right next to sushi wa on Coronado and Eastern. I cannot really rate the beers since I was here for lunch and it was too early to drink. I ordered the fish n chips  which consisted of two large pieces of battered fish and coleslaw and potato wedges. I was very impressed how the fish was battered and fried to perfection. The fish itself was crunchy and not soggy. The potato wedges and coleslaw was delicious as well. The service was great, she was very pleasant and had a great personality. She did not forget about me even though i was sitting outside enjoying the beautiful weather. Overall I had a great experience with this place, I definitely  will go back to dine in the evening and to try out the beers. This looks like a great place to relax and chill with friends.
1	Four people ordering breakfast.First of all...our server, Shelly, was very nice.  We understand a server can only deliver food after it is prepared.  So it would not be fair to say poor service.  We were the only ordering customers.  Our food took a long time to be prepared.  My biscuits and gravy were Luke warm and TASTELESS.  The other ordinary bacon, eggs and undertoasted, unbuttered sourdough bread was at least edible. I actually do not understand this restaurant could serve anything worth eating.Don't bother ....to many great restaurant
4	Best fish and chips and tartar sauce ever!  Bangers and Mash and Shepherd's Pie are great as well... and Smithwick's is on tap.  The only reason I didn't rate this at 5 stars is the slow service.  Just have some patience when you go here and you'll enjoy the food tremendously.  We've never had a bad experience at Shakespeare's.
5	Great craft beer on tap. Fair price. Nice casual atmosphere. I like the vibe here. Attentive service. They have trivia nights on Tuesday/Wednesday.  I have yet to try the food tho.
2	Went for trivia night and was severely disappointed. The food was pretty terrible- my scotch egg was over fried, the sticky toffee pudding was hard as a rock atrocious, the cheesecake was grainy, and, with the bar focused on beer, the drinks were so-so.  The kitchen definitely failed on getting orders out on time and well cooked. They might have been overwhelmed by the trivia night crowd, but the service was abysmally slow. It took well over 25 minutes to get an appetizer and 2 of the other things we ordered never even showed up (we were a table of 5, nothing crazy). The server was kind and never showed us any frustration, but she just couldn't get the job done. The beer selection is massive so I suppose you could make a night of it with the entertainment- they do have a lot going on, just eat somewhere else first and order your drinks 2 at a time.
4	Jaime was great.  She was patient with us, being first time customers.  Love the beer selection.  Ordered mac and cheese and fish and chips on her recommendation.  The mac and cheese was awesome. The fish and chips needed some salt and was good.  Also had a Reuben sandwich, which was great.  Some might not agree because all the fat wasn't trimmed off.  Got there early so it wasn't busy. As it got closer to 7pm and trivia time, it got busier and we had to wait for our server to bring us the check. Will be coming back.
