3	This brand new convenience store opened last Wednesday. I just noticed it was open tonight and decided to stop by and snatch the FTR. The store is a little strange looking right now. It kind of reminded me of a small Asian store. The areas are sparse, there are no decorations, and obviously they have a lot more stuff they plan on installing. For example, the guy told me they will be adding slot machines and a hard liquor cabinet.For now, they stock the basic things you expect to find at a 7 Eleven type of store - snacks, drinks (alcoholic and not), cigarettes, and a slush machine of some sort. One wall has a rather large and impressive looking wine rack, though I didn't peruse their selection.It turned out to be a pretty fruitful visit as I walked away with a cheap pair of leather-palm gloves that I'll be taking with me to Yosemite in a few days (gonna need that hand protection for the Half Dome cables). I also picked up a Clif Bar and a PowerBar (I'll probably need more, but I haven't planned that fully yet).For me, this place is the true meaning of convenience store, being a mere 3-minute walk from my house.3.5 stars
1	This place opened too early. They have almost nothing in there. I would give them that but I bought milk that was pull date 5 days after I bought it. I got it home and it was so sour it was in CHUNKS! Clearly not caring for their products properly if that is happening.
5	9/5  I visited this place on the way to my girlfriend's and I must say, I was pretty impressed.Pros:    * They seriously had all flavors of cheetos  * a small section for healthier snack options (nuts / dried fruits etc.)  * had everything that I was looking for before leaving for California.  * Friendly staff that actually cared to engage customers (unlike most).Cons: * There's quite a bit of empty space Overall:  I'd recommend this place.  They are open 24 hours a day and literally had everything I was looking for before leaving for my Cali trip.  It saved me a trip to Walmart.  It may have cost a little more, but convenience played a key factor for me.  Couple that with some friendly service and I'm a happy customer!Tips: *  This place is new and is going to be adding more to their current inventory. *  They have a microwave for your heating pleasure.  CupONoodles !! * They have Subway next door... I'm just saying.
4	I live across the street from this place and I always expect to see Homer Simpson or Abeu when I pull into the lot and it makes me smile. They are always clean but I've never been greeted with a hello as I walk into the store.  Seems odd as its always late and they are at the counter not busy when I walk in. The past few times I've encountered Jr high school aged boys on bikes in the parking lot.  The last time I was there one of them was trying to get up the courage to ask a stranger to buy him cigs or alcohol but couldn't find the nerve.  Made me smile remembering my youth and trying to get someone to do that for me.  I'm glad he didn't ask and didn't vandalize my car while I was inside. Its well worth a visit if you live nearby.
3	"How's about a Kwik-E?"If Kwik-E had short time hookers it would truly live up to its name, but, alas, there are no ladies of the evening(or those of the morning or afternoon variety). Yet Kwik-E DOES live up to its moniker in that I've never had to wait in line after picking up a six-pack or 40oz. The cashiers are actually pretty friendly, too--a welcome change from many in the retail trade.Believe it or not they even have a wine rack behind the pleasant cashier's right shoulder, right next to the bongs and rolling papers, immediately to the left of the cigarettes. (Nearly 6 bucks for a pack of Marlboros! Christ. They were only 80 cents a pop when I was selling 'em to freshmen in high school[not including my $1.20 mark-up].)You can get snacks and candy and frozen pizza at the Kwik-E. I even managed to score a can of Pam cooking spray one time! Happy day!!! There are video poker machines in a corner where the botoxed, buxom Stepford wives come to play while hubby is at work. They can even robot their way next door for coffee or a sandwich at Holley's or Subway when they need a break from their losing streaks. Their lives just rock!Anyway, Kwik-E is only 1.3 miles from my house and I'm usually there twice a week. Say hello if you see me. Even if you ARE one of those Stepford wives in my 'hood....
4	Kwik-EYou deserve less stars but your staff helped you tremendously. So, on my way home from work i decided to get a sammich and then stop by the store and get milk and hot cheetoes. I walked in to be greeted by many choices in chip, candy, alcohol, and hookahs?.. It was an interesting place to say the least. I went ahead a grabbed a half gallon of milk which stated to expire on june 23 and a small bag of hot cheetoes. The gentleman then proceeded to get my items bags and ask me if i needed a receipt. I declined because I also end up balling them up and throwing them away, what a waste of paper. i headed home to eat my dinner.i got home unwrapped my sammich and open my chips then went to pour a glass of milk and it was chunky and didn't look delicious at all. First thing i think is damn, i just got comfortable. Second thing was i didn't get a receipt. After finishing my sammich I decided to try my luck and go back. Walked in and waiting for the cashier to check someone out, i walked up and said i was just in and he relied, "Yes, I remember." I was a little suprised. I go on to tell him I went home and poured a glass and the milk was bad. He told me i could go and grab another one. SWEET! So i walked over to the cooler and they were out of half gallons. I asked him if he had any in the back and he went to check. He came back to the front with a whole gallon and told me he was out and I could take a gallon. I was super impressed he offered the whole gallon and didn't ask me if i wanted a refund. I'll be going back to grab snack and stuff just from this one act of customer service.
4	Nice mom and pop store. Prices are actually decent and theirs a good selection of everything.  Has beer and alcohol.  Plenty of snacks.  Sort of a poor mans 7/11
