4	They did a great redesign of the inside. This used to be Native New Yorker quite a while ago and couple of places in between. Definitely worth the time to find. The breakfast selection is limited but that might be along of the lines of they don't do a lot but what they do, they do very well. We tried the Stuffed French Toast, Chaquillias and the Eggs Tuscano. I have to say everything was very, very good. The flavors are great and the prices were fair at $7 a plate. Good size portions too.My only suggestion/complaint is the hostess needs to be much more aware and welcome people as they come in. Lots of attention needed there. Service was good and the waitress was very friendly. It was busy so food did take a while but worth the wait. It is near Sun City West so it was definitely an older crowd. We will be back to try the lunch and dinner menu and most definitely return for breakfast.
2	Service is FreAKING slow !!!!! Had to wait to 15 min to order food.... Asked meanwhile for extra napkins..... Waitress was more worry  to check out bills than bringing napkins..... so, I took silverware from dif table.....  Service bad, food is better than Zen cafe used to be.....
1	Stopped for a beverage. The "owner" ignored me even after one of the breakfast wait staff asked him to wait on me. He never did although I was there for one hour. Patty the wait person was awesome and took care of me although she was very far away from the bar. The "owner" did acknowledge a male customer.
2	Been excited to try this place and figured some of the reviews were growing pains, but in my book it was just ok.  Food wasn't anything special, not bad just adequate.   Another couple came in after us and no one even acknowledged them.   They were patient and waited for at least 20 minutes and finally walked out the door.     I don't think I will go back.
4	This used to be Zens. They do breakfast but if your a day drinker just know the bartender isn't scheduled until 10am but they are willing to make you a drink.  No more buzztime poker.. :( Very different menu. Creative.. strange.. lol. Not your norm. But it was ok. Food was good.. Service was friendly. Even though they got my husbands order wrong... They were more than willing to fix it. Just a good vibe..down to earth employees.. makes me want to go back.  :)
3	If your wanting a bloody mary before 10am go to Fuzzys. They refused to make us a drink before then.
4	What a great visit! I've been driving by this plaza for quite a long time now and an impromptu date night led us to finally give West End Bar & Grill a try. Boy am i glad we did! Nestled in a back corner of the lot behind Goodwill, it's definitely off the beaten track. You can't see it from the street, you have to pull in to the lot and head to the southeast corner of the back lot. And don't let the golf carts out front fool you--this place is BIG, FUN, and not just for the Geriatric crowd of Sun City West!We enjoyed the wings for an appetizer. The wings were big and meaty with a nice crunchy coating.  I enjoyed the Veggie sandwich which was a portabello mushroom sandwich with mozzarella cheese and mixed greens on flat bread. It had a great pesto and balsamic dressing as well. It was EXCELLENT. My husband had the special which was a taco salad with a FREE margarita or beer. He had the marg. The taco salad was just the right size, fresh, and plenty meaty. We also had dessert--a lemon bar sundae. Everything was really very good. Our server was friendly, interesting, and not intrusive at all. The other staff members were also friendly as well when they worked near our table, checking on us and removing plates as needed.  I am really looking forward to going back to West End. This place is a diamond in the rough here in Surprise and supporting small, local businesses whenever possible is what I'm all about!
5	These guys deserve five stars so let me be the first to review it that way.  : )  Ok, it's just a bar and grill, but look, we need more of these non-chain type places in the area.  The menu was actually fun and thoughtfully planned.  Lots of good options inclusive of some great dinner items and lots of fun bar food.Service was nice, and not rushed.  Our server was helpful and explained some favorites on the menu and answered our questions.  I think this place is a good place to go for a non-chain dining experience.  Their location is hard to find off the road, but once you know where they are, you are rewarded with PLENTY of parking.  Worth a repeat visit!
1	Walked in with my wife and we were the youngest ones their amidst senior citizens and decided to leave.  So I have no idea what the food or service is like.
1	If your 70+ this is the spot for you! We were definitely the youngest couple here. Service here is very very slow. The bartender didn't know how to open a champagne bottle. Prices here are cheap which is great, but you get what you paid for. Wouldn't recommend.
2	After carding my boyfriend and I for mimosas, the server took our IDs and walked to the back and inspected them for like 5 minutes with two other workers...the girl returned and said it took so long because they don't usually have to card anyone so they don't really know how to...weird. Then it took about 15 minutes and 3 employees to open a bottle of champagne for the mimosas. Eggs Benedict was good for the price...only $7.00! The "chicken soup" was okay tasting, but it was made with beef, not chicken.
4	Just enjoyed dinner, drinks and dessert. All I can say is "It was terrific." Fresh, flavorful and nicely presented. Great service.
4	Hidden gem. Food was great and the price was right. Spread the word there's a new place to eat in Surprise.  Well worth it.
2	We ordered a side of Mac n cheese for an appetizer. We both ordered fish since it was Friday, with side salads. We also asked for a cup of the soup of the day- clam chowder. The salads came out first, then 2 minutes later the soup arrived. 1 minute later the Mac and cheese arrived. We joked that the word "appetizer" seems to be beyond most servers. We had a few bites of our salad and our entrees arrived. Are you kidding me? We had so many plates on our table the waiter made a joke about it. I just looked at him like "are you punking me". To top this off 3 different servers seemed to be our servers plus the food runners. We had to ask several for refills of water. We also had to grab someone for salt/pepper and to just get our bill. They were all super friendly but it's super clear there is no leadership or management guiding them. The deco is great, the food was all good. We will try one more time, I always give local places a second try. These service issues must be addressed. Any pos system should allow a server to time when food comes out. Clearly there is a miscommunication between the servers and cooks, this is a management issue.
3	Wings were the perfect size, but the Buffalo sauce was bland, and the wings were greasy. Great atmosphere, hip decor, but the country music was a total turnoff. Clientele was 60+, but where else in the far west end of Grand Ave can you get 3 beers and wings for under $20? Please tell me- I'd rather be there.
4	Industrial steampunkish vibe. Non chain bar and grill, hidden off Grand Ave, behind Goodwill. Glad to find it. Casual, easy going place. Big TVs, football and oldies music playing. The service is great. Norman took care of us very well. Good selection on the menu, they have breakfast too. My Sonoran beef salad had avocado, black beans and corn. Would have spiced up the dressing a little more. Hubby had a sandwich with pozole. The soup was good, lots of hominy. Onion rings were good and crunchy. Nice beer selection. Definitely a come back again place.
4	The Friday night fish fry really good. Service was a bit slow but that's understandable due to how packed it was. It's a great place if your 60+.
4	Large, well decorated in a basic modern theme and clean--I love the decor.The food was great with no complaints (Friday night fish), the price was right and the service was very good.Went a long time ago (sorry, but I forgot to write a Yelp review then) for a birthday party soon after they opened, but all my memories of this place are positive.
5	Great stop for lunch. Awesome food, great atmosphere and nice people! Prices are very reasonable too! Will definitely come back
1	Terrible experience!  Do not go to this restaurant unless you have time and and money to waste!  We were giving this place another chance after the first time when we were totally ignored at the door.  We ordered wings which were very good.  So we were feeling good about this second experience. ....ordered one of the specials...a chimichanga and I ordered something called chicken montrechet.  After waiting for 45 minutes, our food finally came.  Husband took one bite of chimichanga and literally had to spit it out.  The tortilla was so over deep fried that it was dark brown and hard.  The ground beef inside was black and inedible.  My chicken was okay but had to scrape the sauce off asit had broken and looked congealed and tasted awful.  We tried to get the waitresses attention so that we could send the chimichanga back but we could not get her attention for another twenty minutes.  So my husband sat there with no food while I ate my dry chicken breast and baked potato.  When she did show up, she apologized and my husband he just wanted their sky high sandwich to go ($8.00).  We left and when we got home, my husband was starving and wanted to eat his $8 sky high sandwich!  He opened it and took a bite only to discover that there was still the paper that comes between slices of cheese on the sandwich. Not only that but the sky high had two pieces of turkey and two pieces of swiss cheese (with paper) and a soggy smashed bun.  It was disgusting and so my husband did not eat that night!  Tried to call to speak to owner but neither owner turned up there that night.  Other than one other table that night, there was no one else in the restaurant other than all the senior citizens at the bar to watch the Cardinals game.  This place calls itself a bar and grill but I now know why it was almost empty on a game night. The food is awful, the service is sketchy and wait time is incredibly slow.  We will not go back and will warn everyone not to patronize this place. A couple had walked in while we were waitingfor our food and after waiting for about 15 minutes, they walked out. They don't know how lucky they were.  The owner of this place owns a place in Sun City called Royal Cafe, a breakfast and lunch place.  Maybe they need to stick to that!
