5	I'm not normally a fan of pizza, but I had a mean slice of pie here early last month with sausage. It surely satisfied my craving. I'm glad Vinnie's Pretzels was closed that day or else I would have never gotten to try this excellent pizza.
4	Yummy pizza
4	I have lived in Pittsburgh 5 years, and have had mediocre pizza from several places since moving here.  I even went back to just ordering from Dominoes, I was so discouraged.  So ,I  tried Antonio's delivery tonight.  Glad I did!  Their sauce is really good and the amount of cheese on the pizza was perfect!  Crust was crispy yet chewy.  I will definitely be back!
5	Antonio's is our "go-to" for delivered pizza in our area. We are Dormont dwellers and although Antonio's is in Brookline, it's close enough. We've tried the rest, Antonio's is the one that my sweetie and I agree on. Tonight we ordered a large pizza and two small orders of wings. (We were not agreeing on the flavor of wings tonight.) Both of us started with our wings tonight, and both of us raved about them. They were perfect, just perfect.Our pizza got second billing tonight, but it wasn't the pizza's fault. Actually, it was very good. The sauce has some "tang" to it, the toppings are fresh and there are plenty of them. (Tonight we had Pepperoni and mushrooms...)Often we order their pasta dishes and have never been disappointed. I'm a particular fan of their baked ziti. I have to point out that their delivery drivers are part of the equation. Although the stand time quoted is 40 minutes, we consistently get our food (in the next neighborhood) within 25 minutes and often within 20. That is very impressive. Admittedly we tip the drivers well every time. So... If you live in Brookline, Dormont or Beechview and are in the mood for some takeout, ring up Antonio's!
4	Always a go to place for good pizza and food.
3	I'd give it 3.5 it wasn't super delicious but it did the job. The cheese is super silky. Slices are extra crunchy. Cheese fries are well, cheese fries. Not extremely greasy which is always a plus! Very good customer service, however. That's important.
1	The food was great, but the customer service was terrible. I got charged twice for my order (first $37, second being $31) and they showed up at my door the next day with the same food. I don't know why my order or credit info was saved twice, but accidents happen. They took the food back but didn't take away the second charge. I called and talked to the manager and he blew me off saying he would look into it and call me back and I never heard from him again even calling back again and again. Extremely disappointing for such a good pizza place to have ripped me off like that.
2	I'm sorry, pizza, I really wanted to like you, but you were a complete let-down.  After my first love in pizza, Slice, decided to go downhill, I was on a quest for a new number 1 spot.  After reading some reviews, I decided to give Antonio's a try. We ordered a large pizza with garlic sauce, bacon and half tomato and half spinach.  I also ordered the chicken parm half hoagie.  While the toppings were more than adequate, the crust was a complete disappointment.  Yeasty, flavorless - it so brought down the excitement I had at seeing a pizza actually covered in toppings. The chicken parm sandwich was ok.  It was large which I appreciated and the tomato sauce was pretty tasty, but the chicken was lackluster and there was hardly any cheese atop it's crusty shell.  We will likely not be back and the pizza exploration continues!One major plus was that the guy that answered the phone might have been the most pleasant, competent and kindest pizza order taker I have ever in my life spoken to.  So props for training your people how to be considerate on the phone!
