1	Poor service that leaves tenants to fight mildew on their own. When asked to repair something, Rockwel Realty will do it on their terms and refuse to give you notice of when they will enter your apartment despite multiple requestsWhen asked to clean mildew, they did in fact clean it with bleach while also spilling bleach on my sheets and ruining them. When told about this problem and that the mildew returned they said it was my fault for not turning the heat up and that damage done during service is an inherent risk the tenant is responsible for and nothing could be done. Their solution was for me to clean the mildew instead of properly insulating the unit to prevent mildew. The entire building also has severe electrical problems that causes all lights to be replaced twice a month. No permanent fixes are made to existing units, but there is constant construction to expand an old building so they can collect more rent.
4	Rocco and Vivian have truly been a graceful pair to my roommate and I for the past year. We lived right on Fifth avenue and Bellefonte and found no reason to complain aside from the neighbor's dog downstairs. The few mishaps that happened within the apt ( a broken lock, a leaking sink) were fixed within 24 hours of calling our landlord, Rocco. I have to say that for two girls who forget the little things (more of ten than not) we could not have asked for more understanding tenants for the amount of times we were locked out, forgot keys, needed a drawer fixed, needed heat, etc. Our space was clean and everyone in the building was friendly and respectful. I highly recommend to any student looking for housing in the Burgh.
5	While looking for a rental after relocating Rockwel was extremely helpful and courteous.  They were very responsive and accommodating with the right deadline my wife and I were under.  They were willing to go above and beyond to get the place prepped in time. Couldn't recommend them more.
1	Exceptionally poor maintenance service. They refused to start heat before mid-October and the centrally heated apartment grew very chilly as Fall progressed. On another occasion, they refused to change a rusted and weak lock. The lock eventually gave way and I locked myself into the bathroom. After the incident, I requested that the lock be changed immediately, and one of the owners threatened saying that we were in default of our lease agreement for not keeping our apartment as clean as when it had been leased to us. Dealing with Rocco and Elisabeth is nice, but good luck getting anything done with Nick who seems to be increasingly handling the operations of Rockwel.
1	I'm a lawyer in NY and I'm visiting a friend in Pittsburgh. I am blown away by the code violations in this unit. The tenants said they have reported these issues to the owner and to no avail. I am hoping to direct these tenants to a lawyer in PA.
