5	New place!!! Great food !! Great drinks!!!New owners !!! All is great !!!
5	Have been going to Chuy's since the late 1990's.  The new owners are doing a killer job.  Great food, cleaner and better service and they got rid of those nasty stuffed animals as table markers.  What is not to love?Glad to see their business is doing well.
3	Same basic program as the Chuy's that it replaced. They really cleaned it up inside and it looks like the trimmed the menu back. The food is the same, but the portions may be just a little smaller.
5	I drive by CCS every time I go to church and haven't paid much mind. One night we decided to finally stop in.... OMG! Amazing! It's very laid back... I didn't really goto Chuys a lot but, let me tell you CCs is where it's at this is a true Phoenix Mom and Pop GEM! I love the salsa bar and how I can keep getting up for more chips or salsa and they are very kid friendly.. The strawberry lemonade was to DIE FOR... The food is GREATLY Priced. I can not wait to go back.. Seriously they are sooooooooo much cheaper than rubios and other competitors! I love CCs! The staff was so personable and nice!!!
4	I panicked when Chuy's went out of business. We were regulars of their happy hours and boozy Sunday breakfasts. But luckily CC's is almost identical to Chuy's with the menu, pricing, and specials. They still have their free chip and salsa bar, amazing HH specials, dirt cheap breakfasts, and $1.50 build your own bloody marys on Sundays. Woo-hoo! Food is slightly better but as one reviewer stated portions are slightly smaller.I think the service is better than Chuy's. They were very warm and friendly. The strawberry margaritas, while a great bargain, were a little too sugary for me. I miss the mix they had at Chuy's. Patio is dog friendly! We can watch a game on one of the TV's outside while chilling with our dog at our feet. Order a pitcher or 2 and that is a good time to me.
5	place is amazing! great atmosphere, great food, decent service and awesome patio! It is great that I can bring my dog's with me while I drink a few beers and eat some bomb food. THANKS GUYS!!
5	Can't you give a 6th Star?  This is the old Chuy's reborn.  We have been coming to this neighborhood bar/grill for over two decades, including with our children when they were in elementary school.  What a great place for Kids of all ages, including those over 50.  When Chuy's went to the dark side, we stopped going, but now that our favorite manager has bought the place, we are back all the time.  The food is great and inexpensive.  the 5 * margaritas also deserve a 6th star and the staff is like family.
4	This place is good.  I can't say it's as good as when it was Chuy's, but they have kept the chef and some of the menu items, and it still tastes good.  Margaritas are amazing.  I love the Chicken salad as well.  Staff are really nice.  I will be back! :)
2	Good salsa, but the rest of the food was just so-so.
1	Is there something I am not seeing in this place? Went there this evening with my dad not knowing that that it changed from chuys. Was not impressed at all. Sat down at a high top and a nice gentleman came up to us to explain everything but unfortunately could not understand a word he said except to deduct that we were to go to the bar to order. Place looked clean enough. Got the food, cheese enchiladas they were ok but nothing to write home about. Not a whole lot of flavor and did not realize it is served on styrophome plates and plastic utensils. Not my kind of place, and I am not too fussy on where I eat, if I want a lower rate Mexican place I would rather go to Carolina's right down the way.
2	total dive bar... probably great if you are into that. Seems like everyone knows each other there... nice people too.Not a place I'd avoid but not a place I'd seek out.
3	I already wrote a long review, but Yelp is asking me to write another. Like I said when this happened before- what happened to my other review? Now I don't feel like writing another....used to be Chuy's. Live bands play at this pretty much local dive bar with seaside decorations..
2	The food is okay.  The whole set up is kind of awkward.  You walk in and boom, the bar and cash register are right there and you feel like you need to decide what you want right off the bat because the door just opened and everyone is looking at you.  We went and grabbed a menu and a seat and then headed back up to order our food.   The food choices and prices are great, but the quality just isn't there.  Very, very loud place.  Oh, and Sunday they had a Bloody mary bar.  VERY generous on the vodka.  I would think the health board would have a problem with the serve yourself items that you put in your bloody mary.  Not too clean in that area.  YIKES.  We've been twice, and I don't think we will be back.
3	I used to live in the area and was here a lot when it was Chuy's.Tasty simple food and decent prices. Quick, casual and good drink specials. It's good to see some things just don't change.Last night was my first visit since it's been CC's. Went in with my stepfather as we were both quite hungry and he was in the market for a margarita. We both opted for the combo - a skewer of BBQ shrimp, 1/4 grilled chicken and a couple strips of tri tip. Served with a cabbage salad, beans and choice of flour or corn tortillas for $10.We grabbed some chips and salsa from the self serve bar, took our drinks out to the patio and chatted for a few minutes (maybe 10, tops) and our dinners were brought to our table.Disposable plates and utensils (not a fan - for eating from or for the sake of the landfills) - a VERY casual Baja-beach-bar type atmosphere (I am a fan - this is a place I am comfortable walking into for dinner, even after working on a move and being covered in move-related-funk) - and a dog friendly patio! (HUGE PLUS!)I don't get up to this area much anymore - but when I am, chances are I'll be down for a bite and a drink at CC's.
1	Cheap food doesn't make up for quality - especially in this instance. The one saving grace is the customer service. Pretty sure chicken comes pre-cubed/ pre packaged; food is otherwise bland and tasteless. Salsa virtually has no flavor - how is that even possible?I wouldn't recommend this place, although I can see it appearing on TV with Gordon Ramsay.
4	This used to be a Chuy's that I frequented all the time. When the giant immigration bust came down I was terrified that I would lose my fried fish taco source. luckily, the long time bartender and her daughter purchased it and took it over. The menu pretty much remains the same and I would say the food quality is slightly better than before. What are the positives of the new ownership is they did away with those disgusting dirty stuffed animals they would give you to mark your order. In fact, the restaurant is a lot cleaner now than it used to be. This is nothing fancy--it's just a little local place. Everyone is very friendly and it gets kinda crowded on the weekends and during happy hour. Great place to sit outside on the patio with your dog as it is dog friendly. The free chips and salsa are definitely a draw and they always have decent food specials going on. That being said, I still don't understand why it's cheaper during happy hour to buy two small pitchers than it is a large pitcher (free tip). Otherwise if you're looking for a cool place to hang out, casual good food, good place to meet friends for drinks this is it. If you're just feeling the love / need for some great fish tacos on a Friday night call in an order to go. They do great to go boxes and even give you containers to take chips and salsa with you.
2	the salsa bar is good, free chips and salsa.the  people working on the counter are rude.had the california tacos so plaine has no flavorwont be back
1	First time visiting here and will most definitely be my last! The food was awful, my shrimp cocktail was warm and tasted like rubber, their were fish bones in my salsa, there was no service whatsoever, behind the bar (which you had to walk up to just to order your dinner) was filthy, the bartender could not pour a proper draft and no fruit for the Shocktop I ordered.... We left our food on the table, paid the bill and will never, ever return! Would never recommend this place to anyone!
5	The best mesquite broil in phoenix, hands down.  Love this place and come every time we visit phoenix!
4	Resurrected from the closed Chuy's.  Almost exactly the same.  Walk in, order at the bar.  Self serve chips bar with salsa and shake.  Local crowd at the bar.  Everything that Chuy's was.  Even down to the roll of paper towels on every table.  The only difference I noticed was that instead of a stuffed animal to give you for your order (as a marker for the server), now it's a numbered small orange cone. Love the mesquite salmon dinner with mex rice and beans.  Good place to catch a game on one of the many TV's.  Sort of a Mexican/Mesquite/Sports/Local hang out.Recently had the large nachos.  Awesome!  Huge.  I could not eat a thing after finishing it!
1	Came in on Saturday for tacos.  It used to be really good there, even under the new name, new ownership etc...  I ordered the California tacos and they were served COLD.  There was no flavor and it really wasn't cooked at all, it seemed like someone in the back had some boiled chicken laying around, cut it up and shoved it in cold corn tortillas.  It really pissed me off to pay for specialty tacos with no flavor and cold meat.  The salsa bar sucked too with no flavor, and chips that seemed old.  I will not go back.  However, there were a lot of people drinking beer and the patio looked inviting.  So maybe people just go to drink or something.  My boyfriend ordered the tri tip and chicken platter.  He said it was just OK.  Our lunch was $22.00 with no booze- not a good value.
1	I would have given a good review thru the first 3/4 of the meal, but at that point my wife bit into a one inch long piece of wire (I believe it was from a grill brush) in her enchilada. I brought it to the cashier and she said thanks and shrugged it off...so we left and will never go back.
5	Great food for very very fair prices. The chicken & the tri-tip are excellent. Good size portions. Caz atmosphere. Try the chicken salad... Excellent.
2	Walked in on a sat- the place was cute and colorful and probably kid friendly had it not looked dingy and grubby. There was chips and salsa which looked slightly old and greasy.  When we got the menus I saw my menu was splattered with some old (I hope) food on it. When we sat at the booth there was crumbs all over and food under table from previous diners.  We ordered burritos- mine was shrimp except had maybe 2 shrimps and a whole lot of cream sauce inside with no flavor. Didn't even eat 1/4.  My dining partner was also unimpressed.  Won't be back
4	When we take the family out, this is where we usually go. It's not fancy, but it's just a good comfortable family place. The chicken is REALLY good!!!
1	Went yesterday for lunch and ordered the sampler platter. The tri-tip was full of fat with no flavor, the small dark meat piece of chicken barely had any meat on it and even though my guest ordered her same meal with no cabbage or rice they still put it on her plate.  I will not be returning ....
5	I have been coming here for a long time - before it became CC's it was Chuy's, one of my favorite places for a casual meal. When Chuy's closed I was pretty bummed out.  I am so glad that Angela and Joyce took over and kept the place going - with pretty much the same recipes!  The food is as good as ever!  Great food, fair prices and a self serve chips and salsa bar.  How can you go wrong?  Highly recommend the 1/2 or 1/4 chicken, although the salad is really goo too.
5	A wonderful experience from the parking lot to the food! The service was awesome and only surpassed by the food! Also...who can beat a $4.75 long island this good! My new favorite place. Angela, Jan and Joyce are amazing!
1	I am so bummed to be writing this, but I truly think that the owners need to keep a better eye on the patrons of their business. I came with a group of 10 people to watch Sunday football. We ordered food & beverages. The drinks and the prices were great. We even enjoyed (win or lose) talking to other complete strangers about how the football season was going. They had different games on several television screens which was great - UNTIL- mister obnoxious with the Dallas Cowboys jersey with Aiken on the back started mouthing off at the bar. He was by himself (1st clue) drinking a single beer & no food (2nd clue) drunk (3rd clue) but not a single staff member asked him to stop shouting across the bar and talking smack. Not a single person in the entire restaurant even mentioned the Dallas Cowboys but this idiot proceed to get in several peoples face about their teams, and even physically touched people provoking them. Three men sitting at the bar got up to go outside to avoid this jerk - and STILL not a single person working there told him to leave. What this means to me is that C.C.'s would rather not 86 a bad customer, but instead lose hundreds of dollars from good customers. This is a poor business decision because everyone- including children- who had to witness this behavior have lots of other options where to spend our money.
5	Great breakfast, lunch and dinner! Always have football Sunday specials and happy hour specials!
5	Great food, great pricing (try the twisted kilt beer on tap), and our server Janet was AMAZING, friendly, and well above and beyond what one would expect from even a white table cloth venue!
