5	I've been doctoring with Dr. Macri since Oct. for a sore arm and shoulder. I feel like I am almost at 100%. She really knows her stuff!
5	I love getting adjustment from Dr. Macri.  she takes the time to work the tightness out of my back first.  I have been to other Chiropactors and they just jolt my back and force it into alinement...then I am in more pain.  After Dr. Macri adjustments I ALWAYS feel better.  I brought my boyfriend (who hates doctors) after his session he said he would go back to her and he felt she was so knowledgable and he completely trusted her.  I highly recommend Macri Wellness Center
5	Wonderful for good health practices as well as a great escape to just be pampered!Dr. Macri has got to be the best Chiropractor I've ever been to and the Reflexology and Massage Therapy team is simply the best.  Check them out...it's worth the trip!
5	I have been going to Dr. Macri for a couple of years now after being referred by a friend.  After being cared for by her, I will NEVER see another chiropractor again.  She is professional, and extremely skilled.  She takes her time to help me relax and help my muscles relax so that she can adjust me without pain.  Even when she is busy, she never makes me feel like she is rushing.  She has also shared valuable information with me about wellness and has gotten me feeling better with natural remedies.  My husband and children see her as well.  She's made a huge impact on our overall health.  Would recommend her time and time again!
5	The service here is great!, They really take care of you. I was not feeling well at all the back and neck area was so tight stuff excessive pressure that I was losing my mind. I like the set up here at the Wellness center; the doctor Loretta Macri is awesome and  is very skilled and has lots of knowledge. They play relaxing music and private room. Love it. They have proved to me that they are a Wellness Center 5 stars !Joe V
5	Dr. Macri is wonderful! After suffering from severe and chronic back pain for about 5 years, I was recommended to her. After the first adjustment, my back pain was improved greatly. Now, after only a few treatments I am almost pain free. My quality of life has greatly improved because of Dr. Macri. Not only is she knowledgeable, but she also spends time with her patients and gets to know them. No 5 minute rushed appointments here. Highly recommended!!
