5	oh, i can easily drop $80 here after just looking around for 10 minutes. i don't know how it's possible since their clothes are relatively cheap, but still cute and don't fall apart after one time in the wash.
5	Old Navy isn't usually a place where I buy clothes for myself but it's great to pick up shorts and swim trunks for the toddler and the Ahwatukee store is by far the best because not only did they give me a price adjustment when everything went 30% off, they still honored the $10 off coupon I had used when I made my original purchase which had expired by the time I had gotten the price adjustment. To top it off, it took a little while for them to figure out how to get the computer to take an expired coupon so to make up for me waiting (and they were doing me a favor, I didn't mind waiting at all), they gave me a $5 gift card! They're so accommodating, what's not to love?
3	Surviving the summer heat in Phoenix can be a test of one's resourcefulness. One can retreat to the air-conditioned comfort of one's home, but then one also has to pay the piper when the power bill arrives. Accordingly, Phoenicians tend not to crank the air conditioners down to the frosty extremes familiar to folks in more temperate climates. Besides, it's a "dry heat", right? So you learn how to accommodate a looser, somewhat warmer definition of "room temperature" when you live here.I discovered that in order to be comfortable in my own home on hot summer nights, I immediately have to strip off my workclothes and promptly don my woobs. Woobs is a word I stole from Kevin Smith (of Clerks fame) for your lounge-around pajama-like comfy cozy clothes. And the more ventilated the woobs the better... so I discovered the appeal of tank tops, pajama shorts, and flip flops.I needed some more inventory to add to my woobs wardrobe, and had a helluva time locating tank tops (not undershirts) without ridiculous corporate logos or graphics. Some department stores seem to not carry them at all... I guess wife-beating isn't as popular as it once was. It suddenly flashed on me that this would possibly be an item they sold at Old Navy, since most of their clothing is affordable and fairly straightforward, fashion-wise.I did find men's tank tops in my size at Old Navy, so that was a plus. However, these were a little more of a scoop neck that I really prefer--and a mite snug for someone of my rotundity. Out of sheer desperation to add more pairs to the rotation, I bought two shirts (whose gonna see me in my PJs anyhow?). Unfortunately, after washing, these shirts got even tighter and appear even more low cut than when I tried them on the store. Now when I try them on, I see an oafish Freddy Mercury wannabe looking back at me (hairy chest resplendent!). Only when my looser, less flamboyant sleeveless shirts are in the wash do I now even dare to wear my Old Navy purchases. Clothing shopping lesson learned.Nonetheless, I have managed to find some other decent bargains at this Old Navy store. I snagged a western shirt for $10.50 and a decent hoodie for $12 recently. I'm just gonna steer clear of the "Bears Shop Here" aisle.
5	You can get lots of stuff cheaper!
5	Wow talk about going above and beyond.. this location was wonderful. I have been to Old Navy before, but this was the first time I went to this location. All staff was friendly and helpful even though they were busy. One lady in particular really went above and beyond. At the register she applied a coupon I didn't know about from the paper and she even instructed me on how to wash the clothes. For example my dress had lace details and she told me that a great tip is to wash the dress inside out in a pillow case to keep the lace looking new. What a great location! I will definitely be back.
