4	This is the newest Blueberry Hill. It opened up a little over a week ago on the corner of Flamingo and Decatur and replaced what used to be a Marie Callender's. They didn't change much as far as interior decor goes, but I am glad after quote a while of this location being vacant that there is a new restaurant in the area. Even better to have a new breakfast spot. On this occasion, my mom and I stuck to the dinner menu and they have several grand opening specials going on now. We opted for dinner entrees and received a free dessert. The menu is huge and after a long time of perusing I decided on the honey coconut chicken with a side of fries and green beans. I do not like canned veggies, so I avoided the green beans, but enjoyed the rest of my meal. The chicken was moist and not overly sweet like I was expecting. My mom enjoyed her pork chops and for dessert I ordered the carrot cake and my mom went with the blueberry pie. She enjoyed her, but I felt mine was a little dry for my taste. I took it home and my fella enjoyed it quite a bit, so it's more of a acquired taste.I'm usually a fan of this chain's breakfasts, so I'll be back for that. They also have an enormous assortment of desserts to choose from that are all made in house. The food is nothing amazing, but it's solid and this location is a lot nicer than others in town.
2	Although the restaurant was very clean with decent service, it was very pricey for some mediocre food and bland hot chocolate.We and a couple of friends ordered the three fruit crepes with warm compote, chicken fettuccine, and chicken fried steak. Crepes- Weren't too satisfied with the artificial flavored syrup and coloring.Chicken Fettuccine- Chicken was lacking seasoning, not very tasteful.We don't believe we would return back here in the near future.
5	This place is nothing like the one one decatur. Decatur is great because it has history. I like the environment and the food was great. It had a wedding going on that night I went. Overall good experience.
4	My wife and I have been fans of Blueberry Hill on Decatur/Charleston for several years.  Our favorite waitress, Jessica, moved to this location (Flamingo/Decatur) when it opened.  We've been in the new place a few times (most recently for Thanksgiving dinner this year), and it's a gem.  It used to be a Marie Callendar's that was closed for quite a while (a couple of years, I think) before Blueberry Hill re-opened it.  The food is solid American comfort food; nothing glitzy or trendy, just plain old GOOD.  This place has a full bakery inside (remember, it used to be a Marie Callendar's), and all the food is house-made.  This branch serves beer and wine, which is not the norm for this chain.  Our two favorite wait-staff people, Jessica on day shift and Josh on swing, make it a real pleasure to have a meal here.One thing they're doing, is playing around with the dessert preparations.  Example: their cherry pie used to be a two-crust pie; now it's a one-crust with some form of streusel topping, after the fashion of a Dutch apple pie.  Staff and general manager state that they are seeking feedback from the clientele ... our feedback is that "it ain't broke; don't fix it."  Other than that, we'll be back.  Good food for the hours when the Black Bear is closed.
5	Food is delicious! Portions are big. Everything about this place is amazing. It really looks and taste like everything is freshly made.
4	Ate here a few hours ago as I wanted to try this location for the first time since I'm used to the Charleston and Decatur location which I frequent when I can. Anyhow my first impression is this location is alot bigger then the other location and I love the design they also have alot more to add on the menu compared to the other location as for the food it was just as good as the other location same big portions for the same exact price the only negative was the potatoes some were cooked the others were real raw to the point where I couldn't eat anymore but that's my only grip with the food as it was delicious I'm still full and this was about 10:30 am and now it's 1:24 pm lol. As for the service it was so so the lady didn't check on me as much as she did and she didn't offer me a knife fork or spoon she was nice but I just wish she checked on me more then she did other then that with those major gripes I think I might come back here again.
4	Turkey dinner is pretty good.  But the gravy was a bit too salty.  Next time will order it on the side.  The Alaskan Waffle with Strawberries are my favor.  Warm waffle, vanilla ice cream and strawberries and whip cream.  So ooooo. Good!
3	Food was pretty good but the service I received was horrible server was not clear with my order and did not verify my order when placed it so I received something I changed my mind on reason for 3 stars. Bad first experience
4	Another great Breakfast. Portions are huge! Order breakfast, it's enough for lunch and dinner
2	The food was alright, eggs not cooked all the way but biscuits and gravy was great., however the service was terrible with late food and drinks halfway through the meal, wrong drinks. I would never come to this place again thanks to the service.
5	I love this new location so much The only reason I don't like the location on decatur and Charleston is that the workers there are always in a rush and don't really care about there job. At this new location the workers there are super nice and look clean (if that makes any sense). I never know what to order so I asked the waiter what she recommends i only knew I wasn't pancakes and she suggested the potato pancakes. My first thought is yea sure lets see how this goes. My mother always orders the same thing fresh fruit creeps . When my order came the pancakes look like hash brown. I knew I was going to like it because I love anything made with potato. But these pancakes where amazing. I tried it with Apple sauce and cream cheese. But I enjoyed it with maple syrup. It's like hash brown but sweeter. I will order only this from now on. I love the cleanliness of the  restaurant And how it looks and feel like a house . The pies look amazing in the entrance.
1	Don't waste your time or money, a better meal can be found at burger king next door. My sister sent back the turkey dinner because it smelled disgusting and unhealthy. The chicken salad was completely flavorless but maybe I could have tasted it if they put more than one tablespoon of chicken salad on the bread. Although the little bit of it that I had tasted like clean water. The chili, total garbage...it advertised meat and beans in the coli but I have yet to find meat.Needless to say, I recommend eating someplace else
5	I love this place. So suprised that there are any negative reviews. Weather is cold now and this place has great comfort food. Friendly staff and a nice atmosphere. My family and I eat here at least once a week.
4	I really enjoyed my experience at this location that is closer to my condo. We visited on Christmas night and we each ordered the Holiday special. I ordered the classic turkey dinner which was $12.99 for a complete turkey dinner which included, soup or salad, drink and any dessert! The sage stuffing was delicious and the gravy was so tasty! They really packed on the turkey which was tender along with stuffing, mashed taters and corn.My guest ordered the cherry glazed Ham dinner which included, soup or salad, drink and any dessert for $12.99.This was a lot of food and both of our meals were delicious! This was a Holiday special keep in mind however I would make a visit even if not a holiday to have a turkey dinner which is always on their menu!I really enjoyed this new location as it was clean, bright and comfortable.The dessert counter looks Amazing as you walk in the front door. The hardest part was deciding on what dessert to order at the end which we asked them to pack up to go.We will be back for sure to enjoy a nice restaurant meal and experience!
1	Probably the worst corned beef hash skillet I've ever had. Sounded great but when it came out it was all potatoes and seriously about a two bites of corned beef. Server asked if everything was ok, I asked if that's normally the amount of corned beef, she says yeah and walks away knowing I'm obviously not happy.  Over all not a good experience.
