1	Okay, I call Verizon 800# to check out WHERE the closest store was when I was out and about. I was directed to this store. So here, I go. Guys are wearing Verizon Shirts, so I think, I am in a Verizon store... NOT! IT's a retailer...BUT that is not the kicker. I walk in, they don't have a ph that I need, but will go pick one up. Nice Customer Service, I think... Well, I pay for my ph; they hook up the ph #, and I walk out. No problem...right? WRONG! I go home and start using my ph..go into the pictures and WTH?!!! There is a pix of a fat woman on my NEW phone that I paid FULL price for... So I figure, it's a refurbished phone GO WIRELESS SOLD TO ME AS BRAND NEW-- Nice work guys. BUT wait, it gets worse! I then take the ph back to an actual Verizon store an THEY tell me, that I have to take it back to the store-Go Wireless, that I bought it from. I drive all the way back out and THEN, return everything, cancel my contract, my ph #, etc... -it's been less than 3 days; and want a credit. Not to mention the time I wasted...Thinking I had it all figured out, it's canceled, right? I go to A REAL Verizon store and asked get a new ph- only to find out Go Wireless NEVER canceled my old number/contract. WTF?!! Geezus, and am told I need to call the Go Wireless Store to have them cancel it... I call the Store again..and they give me the 800 # for Verizon. Lucky, I called because Verizon was going to charge me the $350 for early term fee-- THAT Go Wireless never took care of in the first place.... Geezus guys!  Is this brain surgery because everyone acts like it is. It's a one banana job. My suggestion is--NEVER EVER USE THEM. Now, it will be interesting to see if I ever get a refund from these clowns...
1	Worst. Experience. Ever.I went in to buy a new phone. They told me they didn't have it there and would have to order it. I wasn't too happy about this but they  told me it would be "like 2 to 4 days."  I ordered a phone on December 1st and, after tons of phone calls that *I* made (they never bothered to check in or call me), it finally came in on the 21st.While I understand this was in part due to the phones being on back order (how can you not know that if you work at a phone store??), it was still a huge hassle for me and they didn't and WOULDN'T give me anything for my ordeal. They could have thrown in some screen protectors or something and I would have been satisfied. But the girl didn't offer, and when I asked it was just "sorry." I was also told they could get me a better deal on my plan. Did they? Nope. She didn't even try. I hope to God I never have to deal with these people ever again, and I will tell anyone I meet never to go there. Ridiculous.
1	F@(& this place.  I called several times today to check in on a phone order that should have been delivered a few days ago.  The 1st time I called the kid who picked up the phone was a rude little prick and he put me on hold never to come back.  I then called several more times only to have their answering machine pick up.  I finally got someone on the phone and they tell me that they have no idea when the phone will be there which is really messed up because it has been paid for, and when it was ordered they told me the date it would be shipped and the date I would get it.  What gives?  Never use this place!  They should have their contract canceled.  Its little sh!tty stores like this that make Verizon customers switch to other carriers.
1	I just called again to see what the new word is and I was told that their ordering system is broken and that I should keep calling in.  I was also told that he thinks the phone will ship around the 28th.  I ordered it on the 3rd, and was told it would be there on the 11th. I also responded to a Retention Manager that replied to my first post, but she did not return my call.  Go figure.  Go figure that this store only has 1 star ratings.
1	Went in to change from IPhone to Galaxy, the lady working there acted like is was a real imposition to have to wait on me.  Told me they charged $20 the transfer my info from old Verizon phone to new Verizon phone, ok that I understand.   She said we would have to change our plan even though we had not purchased the phone from Verizon, ask her to check and make sure that was correct.  She then started texting on her phone and left me standing.  After a while her associate came over and helped me. I did not have to change plans and even though it took over 4 hours to transfer the info I finally got it done.  If you would rather chat and text with your friends I suggest you do not get a job that requires customer service.
5	I had trouble getting the I phone . Jack was so patient dealing with the corporate office, that all finally went well. I could have gotten the phone elsewhere, but I found this store's customer service is excellent.
