4	Plain clothes, like tank tops with no wording on them are super affordable. A must for most men here in Phoenix.
5	It's obvious this is my favorite store! Nothing like getting the best prices on clothes!
4	I love this place. Been coming here for years now. Lost one star for a poor experience I had with their "spend $50 get a $5 gift card" deal. I had about $2 more to hit $100 and earning two $5 gift cards, and the cashier insisted that I spend another two dollars.. So I grab two $1 jewelry items. Later, i went to use the card and one of them didn't work.  Im assuming that she forgot to scan it or something after I spent the extra money to get it, although it was signed and dated. When I told them what happened, they accused me of returning something which would have voided my gift card. (I didnt return anything) They refused to honor my gift card and argued with me about it. No manager involved. Also, keep all you receipts.  The clothes aren't the best quality,  hence the small price. I bought a t-shirt off of the "three for $10 rack." One of them had a big hole in it. It was the last S black shirt on the rack, I just grabbed it thinking I had totally scored getting the last one.  I had black clothes on underneath at the time I tried it on so I didnt see the hole. I noticed when i went to return it, it didn't have a price tag or sticker on it. I didnt take the tags off of anything. I threw away the receipt on my way out when I bought all my new stuff, knowing I loved all of it and wasn't returning anything. My request for an exchange was not honored even though the cashier that day was also the one who checked me out three days earlier when I made the purchase. Please work on customer service. You lost my business for a while after the gift card experience. I always spend a lot of money when I regularly come in. Just recently I quit my little protest started coming back to shop
5	I love this place!! The price is right and I have never had any issues with customer service here.  They get new things in all the time and if you buy something on sale they make sure you know that you can't return it.  I have recommended them to many people who have started shopping there as well.
5	Amazing place to find those shirts and hats for make your own projects great deals on shorts shirts shoes and more
