5	This place is super cool.  I found it "by accident"  while driving by at night.  Is was so bright inside that it caught my attention & I couldn't help but stop in & take a quick look around.  (FYI: it's located right next to Yucca Tap Room)Stormy & the "young man" (Shayman, i think?:) were extremely genuinely friendly, warm & helpful too.I most def. will return here to shop!  They have a great selection of cool jeans, shoes & purses at very affordable prices. Eclectic yet, dare I say... refined. ;-DCan't wait to see this place become a TEMPE STAPLE in fashion, art, music & all things awesomely local! Forget Buffalo Exchange,  Brand Name has too much attitude (for no reason!!!haha!)...Shop here at Resale Rocket & have a chill, relaxed, yet fun time in the process!
5	Wonderful selection and kind staff.  They have a good mix of new, old, vintage, and select designs.  It's what Buffalo used to be, and good finds....
4	I recently  found this place when I moved back into the neighborhood.  What a gem!  I'm a plus size and have a hard time finding stylish clothing at resale stores.  I was pleasantly surprised by the selection.  I was able to find a some nice pieces for myself and my daughter.....we did our Christmas shopping for ourselves!.  The staff was warm and welcoming.......I will shop there again and again!
5	The store is very cute and the clothes there are hand-picked high quality for sale by the owner so you don't have to sift through mountains of unwanted junk before you get to good stuff. She was very helpful and wasn't pushy about upselling, which is so rare nowadays. Definitely bought my new favorite pair of pants from here, very reasonably priced. All in all a lovely little shop.
5	Great place for clothes. Love Rocket Resale!!!!
5	A MUST SEE!! I just spent $20 on 10 items--all quality clothing. Stormy, co-owner, is so sweet and helpful. The selection inside the store is AMAZING (when I finally got there--after spending 10 minutes on the $2/item rack outside)!! I just moved here from CA; the styles here in AZ are very different from CA, as you can imagine. I just outfitted a great wardrobe and a few modeling photoshoots--for less than $200. This is my new favorite clothing store.
5	This store is absolutely amazing. The owners are super nice and very helpful. They have a great selection for women and I cant keep my boyfriend away from the t-shirts. I always have so much fun whenever i'm there. They have a very fair trade system and i feel they give me a more reasonable estimate then buffalo exchange. This is a really awesome store everyone should check it  out.
5	Cute local consignment & vintage store! The owner is super friendly and appears to always be working when I come in. The store is very bright and clean. They sell a wide selection of used brand name clothing and also vintage. On my first visit, I found a 1950's Western inspired vintage skirt for what I can only call a steal, because it was missing a button. Easy fix! Most of the brand names are pretty well known and are priced reasonably. What I also love love love about this store is how they support the local art scene. They sell artwork and merch from many local artists. Definitely recommend! You'll probably find a treasure or two. :)
5	This place is so neat! No matter what your style there is something for everyone here! They were very fair on trade and I was able to put it to good use finding all sorts of neat things. What I like best about this place is the abundance of accessories. You can find things for your hair, jewelry, wallets, scarves and hats. All sorts of things aside from just regular clothing. They also have a fantastic shoe repertoire. The owners are incredibly helpful and happy to provide assistance. One of my favorite places to shop, I regularly check on new inventory which moves in and out fast! If you haven't checked it out yet, I definitely recommend!
5	totally fantastic little store. I came in looking for good deals on sun dresses and professional wear-- found them! Prices for dresses ranged from about $10-$20 and shirts/blouses were $5-15, all from well-known brands like Banana Republic, H&M, JCrew... check it out!
3	Not super impressed with their inventory. I really wanted to buy something but left after 40 min empty handed. Can't beat the $2 sale rack though.
5	Love it here! Everyone is super nice, they carry my size, and there's a lot of really cool accessories! I have gotten so much cool jewelry!  I check back, fairly often, about once a month to see what new cool stuff they have.
5	Rocket Resale thinks teachers rock! Yay, for me.  Stormy actually taught preschool once. So, it's a good thing I listened to all the Yelpers below and headed over there to sell off the Shoedazzle boots that rejected my feet.  I'm not good at trading chats but these two friendly fashionistas made it a breeze.  And even told me that I would make out better if I traded the shoes instead of selling them.  So, I got two pairs of new-to-me shoes. And one of them is an oldie but a goodie that's gonna get a lot of attention.  I didn't get a chance to roam the racks but from a quick glance the space is organized, inviting and screams "shop till you drop." They have a little bit of everything that a shopper just might desire. I know for sure that I have to go back.  In fact, I'll be there this afternoon to make the most of their Christmas in July Super Sale.  I need a new outfit that's gonna make my students say, "This teacher is kinda cool."
5	Favorite things about Rocket:  Always getting new stuff, very responsive to what customers request, have a great variety, good trade values when I bring my stuff, recognize repeat customers (super nice staff!), unique jewelry.  They have good sales too!  Location can be tricky, but it's nice because it's not stuffed full of people!
5	Yes! Just what Tempe needs somewhere with unique and different to shop. Like this place, staff ( I think Stormy with the awesome red hair) was so helpful. They have fun stuff, I got some stuff for work (will pass dress code) and some cool finds for not at work. Alot of really fun neat jewelry.  Originally came in with my clothes to sell, they were very nice, not a snooty attitude that some resale have. They were very fair in trade, if you bring in your stuff you get more in trade (pretty much like other resale shops) , I found neat stuff took the trade and bought more than my trade. They have a 30 day layaway, so I put a coach purse on layaway for my sis for Christmas and a cool artist's Sugarskull purse for me ( great price didnt want them to be gone). Going to send my brother for some cool band t-shirts.  Would recommend to my friends.
5	Wonderful consignment shop that features all kinds of brands at different pricepoints and a wide range of sizes!  The owner is super friendly and chatty; in fact, I lingered for about an hour, hanging out, browsing, and trying stuff on.  Local artists' creations adorn the walls and the counters and all are available to purchase.  Lots and lots of clothes, jewellery, and accessories that will appeal to your wallet while it depletes it.  :)
4	Driving by this store front shop the Skull candy in window caught my attention. No doubt something that I needed to check out, I turned around and after some navigation found a place to park. There is a large parking lot in the back if you go west of the shops you can get in, or sneak a spot at the  Circle k(wink wink) jk that would be wrong!  The store is filled wall to wall with  reasonabley priced new & in their words "previously loved items" trendy clothes, jewelry purses and more. The skull candy & day of the dead girl art work had me so distracted that I was almost late returning to work, highly recommend allowing yourself more browsing time than a lunch hour.  I'll be returning to this local hot shop, there is some art work I need to add to my walls!
5	Talk about an amazing store! Heard about this place from a customer who came into my local yarn store in Tucson, so I decided that the next time I was in Phoenix I just had to go. And I am so glad I did! Band t-shirts for amazing prices, awesome clothes galore, and the best purses I've ever seen! Stormy and her MIL were so nice and helpful, I can't wait to go back up to Phx and see what new stuff they've got!
3	This place is just OK. I am not sure why it got rave reviews.  The day I went in it was about 85 degrees in the store and rising. There was some ordeal with a panhandler being kicked out because they don't allow them to shop there if they got their $ panhandling I was told.  I don't know if i agree with that...I did find a cute dress but it seemed pretty over priced as did quite a few other things there. The forever 21 and h&m stuff seemed to be priced pretty close to what they would originally retail at. The staff was very friendly and nice to me. I did like that it was family owned.
5	This store is amazing!!! Loved all the varieties of clothing and selection of accessories! Enjoyed that they have artwork from local and not local artist. The owners are amazing! Could of sat there all day talking to them. If you enjoyed how buffalo exchange was about 10 years ago before they became sell outs then you will love Rocket Resale. Can't wait to go back they said the get new stuff every week.
5	I was just googling thrift stores and this store came up I like it was cute and good vibe I didn't get any thing I was looking but know I know what they have when I need something like that
5	Not only do they carry all sizes from 0 - 4X, they are careful to carry things that are truely boutiqe quality! The prices are AWSOME and the service is better then any store I have been to yet! The icing on the cake is there is no "Clothes Nazi" to have to deal with! Everything is also run on a simple way and easy for all to understand. There really is someting there for everyone! The art is out of this world!!!
4	Just stopped in here to try and sell some stuff and unfortunately didn't, but four stars for the customer service and selection. I feel like eeevery consignment store in the valley usually has frowning faces but not this one. I'm pretty sure the store owner herself or at least a manager of some sort came up and chatted with me, which was nice and different. Vintage selection is killer, I would've walked out with 50$ of merchandise but my luck meant all of my finds we're too big or too small :( I'm still upset thinking about the rose pink vintage lace up booties I had to leave behind because they were too small :( and 16.50$ for vintage? It's practically stealing! I'll definitely be back!
5	great retro eclectic shop with reasonably priced resale and new items - found very nice Steve Madden leather like jacket and purse for $18 and $14 - great band tees, unique and fun jewelry, purses, and shoes - look forward to going back when we're on the east side!
5	Awesome place. The lady who helped us was extremely nice ave they had an awesome selection of clothes and other rad stuff.
5	Absolutely FAN FREAKING TASTIC! I love this store.  They have the most unique items I have ever seen.  Even my 13 year old daughter is in love with this place.  They have so much to choose from and many different sizes.  I love that they feature local artists.  They are incredibly helpful and knowledgeable of their products.  This is a great local business.  I buy all my Christmas gifts here and own several of their unique purses and wallets.
