3	Went here today for some shopping with my mom. Overall the place is nice, it is pretty big for a consignment store.They had a large selection of fur coats and winter jackets, it is a bit outdated but I think that is the whole "theme/look" they are trying to go for in the store. There is sections for designer shoes and handbags but for the overall rest of the store there is not a lot of new brands that everyone knows about.
1	Buyer enjoy...consignor beware.  I've been a loyal shopper for over a year and spent well over 4K in this store.  The staff has always been inconsistent, but I wasn't looking for service, at the time.  Then, I became a seller.  I gave them a few designer items, which they held for nearly a month and still hadn't placed for sale.  I went in 3 days before we were moving out of state and requested my items back, since they hadn't yet been placed on the floor.  Something which is clearly stated in their contract that they will do for a small fee.  I was met with nothing but rude and unprofessional behavior by Ashe, the "manager".  She questioned me about why I wanted them, told me to leave them and then just keep calling to find put when they'd sold so they could put a check in the mail...and more questioning.  When I finally stated I wanted them back period, she told me that could take awhile, since " as you can see, we are very busy".  I said she had two days to find them, she said that was likely not possible.  She promised a call later that day with an ETA, and I got nothing.  I called the next day, they said she couldn't speak with me but would call me back.  No call.  No help from anyone.  Same the following day.  Apparently, you have to be a hostage negotiator to get YOUR OWN property back upon your request. When I called again to surrender and just change my address with them for the eventual sale...they said they couldn't do that.  Really?From a matter of principle alone, I would never shop here again, regardless of the fact that I now live elsewhere.  Just ridiculous behavior from any business.  Keep my stuff and my money, Sisters Closet...you clearly need it more than I do.  Hopefully, you use it to pay some folks to work for you that represent your business better.
1	Seller beware is right!  You get little to nothing when you consign with them and they do not accept responsibility when they loose or misplace your merchandise.  I consigned a very expensive pair of Men's pants that they "lost" and they did nothing to reimburse me for the loss.  They are not easy to work with and not customer friendly.  The whole Consignment industry in the valley seems like a scam...they are not the only store to misplace merchandise and not uphold their end of the bargain to payout.   Other consignment stores have done the same injustice.  Seller and buyers beware!  CONsign can be a CON!  They are not doing you any favors!
