4	My friend working there as a curator was able to get tickets for the pre-opening. I don't know how complete will it be for the opening, but so far it was a great experience. Beware to find some things that may contradict you. The political division they make from the world, it is just that...MIM's version. Most countries are represented with their instruments and I believe this was a complicated decision. Everybody has a space, and personally, I was totally delighted with Africa and the transition you can experience when going through middle east all the way to Asia. The US part is of course not about instruments...but about music styles. They do have a part where some artists have donated their instruments (Lenon's piano, Santana's guitars, Erick Clapton's guitar...etc.). I also don't know how long the TOUCH and PLAY section will be open, but if you are not totally tired when you are done in the 2nd floor...go and try some instruments!. The place is wide and very comfortable. It even has a cafeteria (no clue how it is service or selection). When you are about to go, you'll be given an audio device and  a headphone set, so you can HEAR how some instruments sound. Take your time, plan ahead and enjoy the music!!!
4	OMG - THEY HAVE A JONAS BROTHERS EXHIBIT!!  Remember that line, you'll be screaming it later out of shock or pleasure, depending on your age.  I spent a few hours at the MIM today for their pre-grand opening and it was really refreshing.  To be honest, it's something that one would not expect here in Arizona simply because we don't have a history of having art appreciating venues. I'm attracted to good architecture and interior design so if you don't really appreciate music, at least come for the architecture to observe the space inside, the way each exhibit is displayed, etc... It's really impressive.  For example, almost all the walls have this faux venetian finish that gives the walls a very rich feel.  Upstairs the flooring is mainly wood but they have tile and stone downstairs and in some areas of the museum they have carpet squares like in the store and play area downstairs.  If you're a flip flops kinda person, do yourself a favor and wear some decent tennis shoes.So yeah, sweet architecture / interior design - check.Instruments - double check!  Wow.  It's really interesting to see how music can be made with such a variety of instruments.  The instruments displayed are not only interesting because of HOW they make music, but often times, I found myself taking photos of them simply because of their design and the vibrant colors used in the making of the instruments.  Trust me, take a camera or you wish you had.  Nearly every country you can think of is represented and it's nice that they not only have the name of the country displayed but an area map with the country highlighted for those who are geographically challenged.One particular aspect of this museum that makes it so great is that not only do you get to see the variety of musical instruments around the world, you also get location sensitive headphones to hear HOW THEY SOUND at each exhibit.  So if you are near an exhibit showcasing Steinway pianos, you'll hear the audio that corresponds to the video covering the build process of the pianos.  Checking out the drums from Africa? Yep, there's audio to that too.  Cool.Would I go again? Yep.  I think it's a great place to take kids who are interested in music and to let them learn to appreciate how music is made around the world.
3	I went to the MIM today for their opening with the girlfriend. It was a pretty fun experience, but it's definitely not operating at 100% yet--many, many exhibits were still listed as under construction, and plenty with the a/v setup were missing the accompanying text placards which annoyed me.The price is $15 for adults and includes an audio headset that will automatically tune to whatever exhibit you're standing in front of. This technology isn't bulletproof, but with the receiver box in my pocket, I had no real issues: walk up to a display, the sound starts playing for that display's TV. Much better than having to dial in to every single exhibit, and lets you float from display to display with ease. The displays themselves are a bit dry. The formula is basically: country of origin, some instruments from said country, TV playing a few short pieces on a loop demonstrating said instruments. There are placards on many of the displays that talk a bit more about some of the cultures and backgrounds, but these are still missing at a bunch of displays. (Forgivable, as I'm sure they're working on it and today was their grand opening.) More frustrating was the lack of information about many of the specific instruments they had on display. There is a simple name, date, and material placard, but I would be much more interested to know certain details about many, many of the instruments on display, regarding their specific manufacture and history and craftsmanship, but this was only available on a relative few of the instruments there.That said, there are TONS of instruments there, including some really great ones you've surely never seen before. (One of my favorites was basically a stringed, fiddle-like instrument amplified with a brass horn.)  Basically every single country in the world and many other regions are represented, though I thought it peculiar that Eritrea and Ethiopia shared a display, considering their hate for each other and very recent war--I know the two nations are close and likely have incredibly similar musical histories and instruments, but it just seems a bit strange.The facility itself is beautiful. It's all brand new, clearly, and crafted in a sweeping limestone-looking facade. There's plenty of room and the building is well laid out. We arrived around 2:00 and spent a good two hours upstairs in their instruments exhibits, before grabbing a drink at the cafe. Neither of us realized how quickly the time had passed, so by the time we were in the artist exhibit room, the 15 minute warning had come over the loudspeaker.The Artist Exhibits room was really quite cool. John Lennon's "Imagine" piano was on display with a ridiculously short clip of him playing on it. Eric Clapton's display was really fun to see as well, along with Paul Simon's. And then, as I turned the corner, I happened upon, I shit you not, a Jonas Brothers display. What. The. Fuck. (Lovingly donated by the Jonas Brothers.) I physically avoided it so as to keep their music from coming over my headset, but I truly was disappointed that the bar was lowered to "any Disney-pop boy band that sends a few instruments" to be featured here in a room with Paul Simon, Eric Clapton, and John fucking Lennon, amongst others. Even the Black Eyed Peas exhibit donated by their drummer showed some talent, but I guess I had hoped that a more esteemable career might be necessary to be featured in such an exhibit.After blazing through that room, we quickly moved into the Mechanical Music exhibit which was really fun: instruments designed to play themselves like player pianos and other crazy contraptions, including a huge built-in... I don't know what to call it. An enormous organ-type device that was playing all sorts of instruments on its own, quite loudly, but in a very fun manner.We quickly moved through there and then pushed down towards the Conservation Lab: Behind a huge glass wall, you can see their conservators inside working on instruments which was really fun, but we didn't get to explore in there at all.Opposite that room was the hands-on exhibit, which I was *really* excited to dive in to, but just as we got our hands "on" the Theremin, (a device you play by moving your hands above an antenna) we were promptly told the museum was closing. At 4:50pm. Look, I understand that 5:00pm is closing time and they want to start wrangling people towards the exits, but I could've *really* enjoyed just those remaining 10 minutes in there, and it was frustrating that I didn't get it. The upstairs is interesting, but it quickly becomes a bit of "more of the same" and a bit of overload--you'll want to pace yourself, because there are just so. many. instruments that you start doing drive bys instead of really soaking things in. That, combined with the disappointing lack of collateral information visible to read on each display made me really wish we had started downstairs. I'll give it another shot when they've settled in, I think.
5	We went opening weekend, but it wasn't too crowded (there were a lot of ppl though) so I want to give it 5 stars so that people go to museums more often!It's a big place, with different (BIG) rooms featuring instruments from almost every country in the world along with videos of how the instruments are played, along with some historical cultural facts. They give you these headphones that automatically play sound clips when you're within range of the lcd, which was really cool. It's also free of charge, which is nice since I know most places would charge like $10 for it. The architecture of the building is great, and there is a courtyard to sit out and look at the phoenix guitar shaped sculpture made while listening to some worldy musician perform.My favorite room was the "experiment" room, where they have bunch of instruments featured within the museum that you can play yourself, including guitars, maraccas, a giant gong, hand drums, xylophones, and this weird contraption that changes pitch as you move your hands along it. That is a must see room and we spent a good amount of time in that room. We were in the museum for probably a little over 2 hours, and saw everything. They don't give student discounts, but it's only $15, less for seniors and kids of course. I think it's worth it to check out and appreciate music a little more =)
5	WOW!  I was really impressed with the Musical Instrument Museum.  It's a must-see.Took my 3-yr-old to the museum today because he's currently obsessed with musical instruments and I was told there was a whole room where you could play instruments.  I told him that if he was patient while I checked out the instruments, he could play some afterwards.Anyway, wow.  The building is amazing.  The rooms are huge!  Each country's instruments are represented on wall displays with a flat screen showcasing the instruments.  There are headphones that they provide you with that play the audio on the flat screen when you get within three feet of it.  So you get a visual and audio representation (as well as a written blurb that you can read).  There were rooms for Asia, Africa, Latin America, USA/Canada (organized by music style, as opposed to country representations).  There was also an artist room, with instruments and information by artist--John Lennon, Paul Simon, Eric Clapton, and yes, even Jonas Brothers (yikes).  It wasn't 100% complete, though, and I'm looking forward to going back to see it when it's totally finished.When we finished the exhibit, we moved on to the Experience Room (or something along those lines) on the 1st level.  It's a huge room full of different instruments that you can play.  Totally hands-on awesomeness.  This is a GREAT room for kids.  My son played every single instrument at least 5 times.  Totally freakin' awesome.Note: If you're going with kids, I highly recommend you see the exhibits first before going to the instrument room.  It might be challenging to explain to them why they can touch certain instruments and not the ones on display.Anyway, we'll definitely be back to this museum.  I would love to go by myself (without kiddo) and really take time to listen to and experience everything.  Also definitely have to take hubby to see it, too.Love this place!
5	Being an (inactive) musician myself, I have been looking forward to this place opening for MONTHS. So today we went. I was not disappointed at all. You get a headset as you enter, and when you walk up to each display it automatically begins to play what is on the TV screens that are with all of the instruments. This way you can hear what the instruments you're looking at sound like, and how they were used. I could have spent hours there. I know I didn't see everything, and not just because every display wasn't ready yet.  The highlight for me was seeing John Lennon's piano in which he wrote/sung "Imagine". There were many donated items by famous musicians, such as Eric Clapton, Paul Simon and The Black Eyed Peas. The highlight for the kids (and the husband) was the Experience Gallery, where you could actually play some of the instruments. They had a great time in there. A museum hasn't moved me like this in quite a long time.  It's worth the drive no matter where in the valley you live. Also a must-see when you visit from out-of-state too. I can't wait to go back.
5	Went to the grand opening weekend.  Had to go see Laurie Lewis/David Rozum since they played at our wedding 25 years ago in N. California!  Got to speak to her at the intermission and she remembered our little soiree!  The theatre is a thing of beauty!  A must for any live music lover!  The colors, acoustics and seating are all top notch!  Only seats 250 so makes for an intimate experience.http://www.themim.org/go see a show!As for Laurie and David, they are the best!  Always a pleasure to hear them play together!
5	I love this museum, you see the instruments and you also get the opportunity to listen to what they actually sound like which is really cool also it shows each country and what they have brought to the table as far as music goes interesting indeed.  the place itself is beautiful my friends and i really enjoyed it.  i recommend everyone checks it out
5	Visited the museum this afternoon (Sunday), and was really blown away.  I'm not sure what I was expecting, but MIM totally exceeded anything I could have conjured up for a musical instrument museum.We arrived around 1:30, and upon purchasing our tickets ($15 each) we were given a headset to wear through the exhibits (upstairs portion only).  Before going upstairs we viewed the introductory exhibits in the downstairs foyer, including a nice collection of guitars from around the world.  Then we headed upstairs to the main exhibits.The museums second floor is arranged geographically by continent and country.  Generally, each country's exhibit includes a collection of musical instruments with placards that provide general information on the source, construction and approximate age of the instrument.  There is also a video display that you will hear on your headset as you approach the exhibit.  (You never have to touch the controls on the headset once you adjust the volume--great audio and comfortable to wear!).Be aware that not all the exhibits have been installed yet...there were a fair number of empty spaces that are yet to be filled.  But there was more than enough to fill three hours of our time.  And we didn't even get to the Europe, USA and Canada exhibits, nor did we have time to tour any of the downstairs exhibits except for those we saw as we entered the foyer.  The museum closes at 5PM on Sunday, so we just ran out of time.  However, we are definitely planning to go back and complete our tour, although we're going to wait a few months for them to fill in all the exhibits that haven't yet been installed.We didn't have time to visit the cafe, but we peeked in and were impressed.  We did visit the museum store and saw some interesting items, but didn't purchase anything.They also have a concert series...I'll be checking their website to see who's coming in the next few months.  All in all, a well-spent Sunday afternoon!
5	We attended Tony Bennett's concert on 6/6/10 at the Dodge Theatre and he raved about this museum - apparently when he travels he visits museums in that community.  So we took Tony's suggestion and it was well worth the admission price.  They have you start on the 1st floor with a couple of exhibits and then go upstairs.  At the admission desk, you are given what looks like a walkman with headphones and these work only on the 2nd floor to listen to the all the music privately.  We noticed a number of people had their headphones on while on the 1st floor (I don't think they listened to the instructions properly).The 2nd floor is where you'll find the permanent exhibits - lots to see and more to come.  You'll also learn a lot geographically about these countries.On the 1st floor is the Artist's gallery where there are exhibits on loan from many famous musicians such as - Eric Clapton, John Lennon, Paul Simon, Louis Bellson, George Benson and the Jonas Bros. (not sure what is up with that-probably for the young ones).  And also, on the 1st floor is the Experience room - where you have the opportunity to try out several instruments - string, percussion (they also have a huge gong there).  That was great fun regardless of your age.A cafe is located on the lst floor also with an auditorium and museum shop.  We did not make use of the cafe or auditorium - museum shop is really nice and not too expensive.Overall, we spent over 3 hours there - well worth the admission price.  Enjoy!!!
5	Holy Crap.  I went here the day before it opened for their preview tour and wow. Just wow.If youre a huge music dork like I am you will never want to leave.  hell it took me 4 hours and half the exhibits werent even set up yet.They have it organized by country/region and you get personal headphones that are activated as you walk by each exhibit.  Seriously, to see everything in this place would take at least a whole day. It is just simply amazing to see how music has evolved and even sounds similar to some of things we in America are used to coming from underdeveloped countries and time periods.They even have an exhibit space on the 1st floor where you can try your hand at some of the instruments, a kid's room, a gift shop, cafe, I want to work here so badly.It's refreshing to see something that seems so simple still unites us as a species, be it banging on rocks or conducting full on orchestras.
5	I agree with my fellow Yelper, Kari E.: "Holy crap!"  This was SO much more than I expected!I was there for a small networking event this morning, declined the tour, and was very sorry that I did.  I walked into and past a few of the exhibit areas, and found them totally cool.  I will be back for the full tour.Examples of a couple of the coolest exhibits I saw: 1) a room that housed guitars by Eric Clapton, Carlos Santana, and Paul Simon, to name just a few, and 2) the Conservation Room which has glass doors/windows so that you can view the scientific process of conserving an instrument.From old Victrolas to room size [Hungarian, I think] organs, the place is friggin' huge!  120,000SF of which 90,000 SF is exhibit space.Just beautiful; can't wait to go back!
5	I finally had the pleasure of visiting the Musical Instrument Museum last week and I was blown away by the state of the art technology, the space itself, the knowledgeable staff, and the overall experience.Interested in learning more about the Middle East? Africa? Asia? Latin America? Europe? Spend some time on the upper level of the MIM.  Do you have more of a desire to play with instruments? Check out the Experience Gallery. And if you're mad over Mechanical Music, there's a designated section for you too...I admit, my visit was just a tease as I was kind of pressed for time, but I will be back to explore more!  I did squeeze in a tour of the building and grounds, checked out the MIM Coffee Shop and Cafe, the Music Theater, and the MIM Museum Store.  I even bought a few things at the store while I was there.  (It happens to be an awesome place to find unique gifts).It sounds like there's an incredible lineup of all kinds of concerts coming soon to the theater, and the museum looks like a really cool place to host all kinds of events... My only advice? Learn from my mistake and give yourself at least a few hours when you visit the MIM.
5	I can't begin to tell you how fabulous this museum is. I went on a friend's recommendation, and was blown away by the organization and thoroughness of the displays.The upstairs level is organized by continent, and each country has its own display of instruments from their region. Most also have a video screen, and as you approach the display, your headset automatically begins to play music from the country. Walk to the next display, and your headset plays the next country's music.Downstairs there is a room that features many important musicians from past and present. Another room gives you the opportunity to try multiple unique instruments.This is a fabulous place to take your older children, probably about 2nd-3rd grade is the youngest I would take. There is so much to see, it may take you two visits to see everything!
5	I found the Musical Instrument Museum to be a great place to get away and take your mind off things as well as learn about the influences and methods of music throughout the world.First off, it's a beautifully built facility. The front lobby is a long corridor stretching the length of the building with two story high ceilings. On the east side are windows that stretch from the floor up allowing for dramatic, natural lighting. The parking lot also allows for ample parking. So no reason to worry there if that is a concern for you.The first floor is comprised of auditoriums for the many musical events the museum hosts throughout the year. I have not attended any of these events yet. In addition to the first floor is a store with items ranging in price from a couple of bucks for little knick-knacks to very high priced items. If I recall correctly, there was a beautifully crafted musical instrument priced at more than $1000.00. You can also find a cafe on the first level. The main attraction to the museum is of course are the displays and there are many representing the world. You can opt to take along a set of headphones with you to allow you to listen to the audio commentary at each display. In order to hear the commentary, you have to get close enough for the little box your headphones are attached to pick up the signal emitted at each display. I did not find the set of headphone obtrusive at all.On the first floor, you'll find the North American display with instruments that are more familiar to everyone. The American display contained modern musicians such as Seal, Santana, and Paramore. I don't recall what other part of the world is represented on the first level, but the bulk of the world is located on the second floor which included Asia, Africa, South America, the Carribean, and the Oceanic Nations. Overall, the Musical Instrument Museum (MIM) was a great experience. I've only been there once so far, but It's something the whole family can appreciate. Personally, I'm not much for the concerts they hold just because I'm not familiar with the music their visitors play, but that's just me. If you are a real music lover; would like to learn about other cultures; or perhaps are from another part of the world and would like to feel a connection to that part of the world, then I believe you would appreciate the concerts held at this site.For more information regarding the MIM, I recommend visiting their website at http://www.themim.org .
5	Worth going. A musical trip around the world. Very helpful audio accompaniment as well.
5	I'm a former band geek. Wait. Let's me rephrase that. I am a band geek. See, once a band geek, always a band geek. But, very much proud of it.So, being a band geek means being a geek for music, and as the logic would follow, also a geek for musical instruments. And, because my level of music geekiness is so high, it was inevitable that I would visit the Musical Instrument Museum and be astonished and awe-inspired by the vast collection of instruments around the world.I had heard a lot of good things about this museum and thought it would be an awesome place to go on my birthday. (Yes, very geeky, I know). Anyway, it was. Awesome. Thousands of instruments from every country in the world. Some countries I've never even heard of. Even instruments from the tiniest islands in the middle of nowhere. You get to see all sorts of drums, made from animal hides to innards to tin cans; sitars, guitars and other stringed instruments of all sizes and shapes; and a vast collection of guitars that will wow any fan of rock, r&b, country or folk. It is definitely an impressive array of musical history.One of the coolest aspects of the museum is their guided tour. Everyone gets a wireless headset that picks up videos displayed on flat-panels positioned at nearly every display. The videos include the native people of that country playing the instruments you are looking at. The technology of it is really modern, plus you learn a lot!This museum is one-of-a-kind, and it offers so much to see and experience.  There is even a room for you to test out some of the instruments and get your groove on. For only $15, you could spend the whole day here and get so much out of it. So, let out your inner band geek, music geek or whatever geek and enjoy a great museum full of some awesome exhibits.
5	Despite being right next to the 101 and Desert Ridge, MIM has a beautiful feeling of isolation -- a jewel in the desert vibe that perfectly accents the modern architecture and heightens the sensory experience.  And believe me, every single one of your senses is in for a treat here.The space is very open and very minimalistic, preferring vast desert landscapes seen through the huge windows as backdrops and the wide array of musical instruments as the visual focal points.  Almost every country you can think of is represented in this comprehensive museum, and even the most educated music geeks will find some instrument or music style of which they've never heard.  Many exhibits are accompanied by audio and video, the former made possible using headphones equipped with some rather impressive proximity technology.  I was really pleased with how well the headphones transitioned between exhibits, but unfortunately they're not completely hitch-free.  Because some exhibits are close together, the headphones sometimes have difficulty picking up the desired frequency.  It's a rare occurrence, but a noticeable annoyance nonetheless.  This hardly mars the experience, though.  The museum has so many things to see and hear that you'll inevitably need more trips to experience it all, anyway.It's hard to walk through this museum without yearning to try some of these musical instruments, and so The Experience Gallery is a wonderful place to unleash the musician within.  Of course, they only have a select number of instruments for interaction, but the availability of the theremin alone is worth the experience for any music geek.The Cafe at MIM deserves it's own Yelp review, because for the money, it is some of the best food you can get.  Don't let the cafeteria-style fool you -- they're making really good, creative stuff here.  Their seasonal menu changes day to day, and all of their food is either grown locally or sustainably sourced.  Such a focus on conscious cuisine usually puts food at a $20+ range, but here you can indulge for less than $9 a plate.  When I was there, I tried the octopus sinigang served atop broccolini and rice, and my sister had grilled catfish with wheatberry-stuffed cherry tomatoes.  Yeah.  Definitely not your standard cafeteria fare.  My sinigang was perfectly tangy and the octopus was surprisingly tender, and my sister said the catfish had her umami tastebuds on fire.  If this place existed as a standalone restaurant, I'd visit at least once a week.Some people believe that an entire culture can be experienced through its music, while others believe that it's through food.  MIM offers you the opportunity to do both.  Regardless of what kind of music you like, you're sure to find something that interests you, and even if you don't like eating octopus, the cafe has enough tasty options to satisfy you, so if haven't experience the MIM yet, do yourself a favor and stop in.
4	Four stars only because I haven't seen it all. Went last week to the music educators event. They are getting the school field trips going in a few days. Already scheduled my school to go.They have a nice coffee shop and a cafe for lunch. Gift shop is great. New stuff coming in all the time. Staff was great and very helpful. I am planning to go to many concerts they have coming up. Going to take my son to the international guitar night in February. Check out the extensive list of upcoming concerts online. Some are free just with admission and some you have to buy tickets to.It is a massive place. Two floors. Very well laid out. You don't feel squished at all. It is definitely a place out of state visitors should go. And then go across the street for lunch or dinner. It's a once in a lifetime place and it's the only one in the world.
5	Our own little version of the Smithsonian in North Phoenix. The quality of the exhibits and the amount of different instruments MIM has is daunting. This is one of the most impressive collections of Music anything I have ever scene. A must for anyone who appreciates music, very educating, but fun and exciting at the same time. It is probably the best $15 dollar ticket in the city.
5	I took my 18 month old son to MIM a few weeks ago, and so didn't get to see everything due to the fact that I was operating within the confines of his attention span.  We got to see the African exhibit, as well as part of the Middle East and Asia, as well as the experience room where you can test out different instruments.  It was so much fun!  Will have to go back and see everything.
4	Wow.There are a lot of instruments here. A LOT.  Almost to the point where its overwhelming and you don't care to see another foreign instrument anymore and just want to go to the room where you can touch/play some of them.  That's what happened to me anyways. Upstairs is their collection of instruments from around world - divided up by continent, and then further divided by country, and then some further divided by time period or region.  This is the part where I was overwhelmed. There was SO much to look at and SO much to listen to.  We started off listening to and looking at every country, then we just looked, and then we just walked around to the countries we were interested in.There is a room on the bottom floor where you can play some of the instruments - including a giant gong! yesss!!
4	I killed five hours here and had fun, especially anything related to the piano.I enjoyed walking through the different instruments from all over the world.There are a lot of repeats within regions, as close by cultures have influenced each other.Sometimes there are really cool fancy instruments like the big embellished drum from Thailand (?).What 's cool is that if you get close to the sensor of each display,your headset will play the music/sounds of the instruments, along with a visual display on the TV.Its pretty cool but wear comfy shoes for you will be standing quite a while!My fav part is the downstairs mechanical music instruments,especially the scrolls of pre-punched piano music.There is also a musical instrument experience room downstairs.My only regret is that they do not have a piano.They have 2/3 size guitars, Xylophone like wooden instruments, drums, etc
5	I got to see a show at the Music Theater inside the MIM.  What a treat!  The theatre is beautiful, and the acoustics are amazing.  It reminds me a lot of the Ikeda Theatre at Mesa Arts Center, but it's a bit more intimate (500 seats instead of 1,600).I haven't been to the museum itself, but I'm hoping to come back soon to check it out as well.The design of the grounds and buildings is really beautiful.
2	Being a musician I thought this would be a really cool museum and keep my interest.  I've been to many well known museums and while I'm not one to spend the entire day reading every exhibit, I do usually enjoy the museums.  I'm sure from other reviews you know how the museum works.  It's a self guided tour through different countries and you can hear the instruments from each country.  Problem is that many of the countries have either the same or very similar instruments.  There's only so many times you can see a sitar or an animal hide drum.  After going through about the first 15 countries and hearing many of the same instruments at each being played, I began to lose interest.  I stopped going to the individual countries and started to just walk through the sections.  But the museum is huge and I wanted to experience it all at least once.  So I made my way through the other parts of the world, and again much of the same instruments in the other parts.  I think I actually skipped the last section.  I headed downstairs to the other section which had "famous" instruments on display, things like John Lennon's piano were cool, others such as the Jonas brothers guitar were not.  The other section that let you play the instruments was pretty disappointing also.  I was expecting to be able to play some exotic instruments such as the ones I had just seen.  Not the case.  Most of the instruments were percussion based and really cheap replicas.  I left feeling fairly disappointed with the experience.  I'm a local and only went because it was the new thing in town.  I wouldn't recommend it to anyone visiting the state, and would only suggest it if you are truly interested in other cultures, and have a very large attention span.
3	If you absolutely do not love music and more importantly, the history of music, you will find yourself running through the maze of artifacts and sound bytes here. If you do love that sort of thing, set aside a good 4 hours or even more. The interactive area for kids and the tiny "hall of fame/memorabilia" area were the highlights for me. Mostly because it meant  we were almost done.
5	Most amazing collection of instruments but even better is the video/audio Guide that starts. When you walk by the instruments!!!!
4	Way cool museum. Its divided up in sections by country and they also have a area with some famous musicians instruments and outfits they wore. Also there is an experience room with instruments that you can play. Its a must see for any musician for sure. When you pay they give you a set of headphones. Each display has a tv with some audio of the sounds of that Instrument or it playing with a band for you to here. When you walk up to the displays it comes thru your headphones. Unreal collection of instruments here. Really a cool place to check out on a weekend. We went thru the whole place in about 2 hours.
5	Best. Place. ever.The exhibits of music around the world are very enlightening and fun to listen to. The "experience" room is very fun, of course, and I can't wait to go back with more kids than myself.I haven't been to any of their concerts/shows, but I am looking forward to going in the future! This is now a permanent stop on my touring-visitors-around-AZ list.
4	I had the pleasure of going to MIM this weekend-we heard a commercial for the hip hop display and thought that was reason enough to go.A very cool exhibit with performers in the museum, as well as an amazing American Sabor exhibit on latino music.The museum is set up by continents, with a great audio tour that starts automatically at each country. A must see for music lovers
5	although I have yet to see the museum part - I have been to see 3 shows there and I have purchased tickets for 3 more. The acoustics in the theater are phenomenal and there is not a bad seat in the house! The seats are comfortable and raked appropriately - so no trying to see around someones head. The price is a steal (I hate to say that and jinx it.. but its true) - I am hoping they get a little more variety for the coming season. I love the fact that when you are looking at the lineup, they have a video to see if it is something you would be interested in, even if you have never heard of the act before. Check it out!Lynn
4	This place is great! I am a nanny and took the 4 year old boy I care for here. It is a wonderful place to take your well-behaved little ones. They give you a headset for no additional charge so you can have the full experience. As you walk from country to country your headset will follow as well by playing music from that country. This really helped to keep the kids attention. They also have an interactive room where the kids can play with all sorts of different instruments from all over the country. My one complaint is that the ladies at the front desk as well as two different volunteers were extremely rude about bring children into the museum (we had a group of about 5 kids and 4 adults). On the website it was pretty clear that they are kid friendly. Yet they were obviously not excited to have the munchkins there to visit. But who cares! Still take your little ones because this is something wonderful for them to experience.
5	I am  retired music teacher...I loved the four hours I spend by myself at the museum. Those that really love everything music (and you know who you are) will find this a very enriching experience. The second floor displays and audio examples of the musical sounds of our world are one of the best collections I've experienced in 50 years of listening. The first floor collections and experience rooms are great for interaction. I wish I lived near the museum to volunteer.
5	A great place to spend the day with your kids or Grandkids.  My daughters and their pre-teens enjoyed the exhibits as much as I did.  I wasn't sure what to expect, but seeing the kids transfixed by some of the displays let me know that we did the right thing by coming here.  We will be going back since we were only able to see about half of the exhibits.
4	It was pretty remarkable. They did a great job, although make sure that you have plenty of time; its a bit overwhelming.
5	Fantastic history & display of thousands of musical instrumentsWireless audio devices for each guest for the innumerable video monitors that have snippets for musicHIGHLIGHT: Play, touch, or bang on several instruments e.g. harps, taiko drumHIGHLIGHT: Musical instruments for almost every country of the worldOther fun exhibits e.g., Steinway piano, Theremin, nickelodeonNice cafeteria with healthy choices
3	I think it's important to have this type of museum to have a living example of the types of instruments from around the world. I did enjoy the video on what goes into making a Steinway piano and the craftmanship involved in making that instrument. But this was a one and done experience for me.
5	Fantastic facility, I only had an hour here and I must return for a more in depth trip.  The architecture and layout are beautiful.  As a lifelong musician, it was difficult to not touch EVERYTHING!  A very comprehensive collection of instruments. The hand held "story" unit with headphones synced up with various looped videos of musical performances recorded from around the world.
4	What I loved:1) This is an absolutely beautiful facility, inside and out. 2) Amazing collection of instruments. SO MANY instruments! It was marvelous! I know it's called the Musical Instrument Museum, but they truly blew me away with the huge collection!3) I didn't have enough time! I spent 3 hours in the museum, and I would have loved to have had two more...looks like I have to go back...What I hope will be fixed soon:1) The audio, although sophisticated, tended to be a little more annoying than helpful. I found that I had to put my wireless headset receiver near the display's receiver in order to actually hear what I wanted, and then it was hard to get rid of that audio when I wanted to move on to the next display.2) I wish there would have been more audio and visual examples of the instruments! There were so many instruments, and often not enough descriptions. Actually, I wish there would have been more information in general. I wanted to know more about everything. 3) This museum needs some "noise police." In particular, there were a few groups of children who were clearly mocking the African music and dancing, and then loudly laughing at each other. Worse, their parents stood there and watched them, clearly not caring that their children were being ignorant of other cultures and extremely rude to the other museum attendees.3b) There were many elderly people who very loudly would say, "OH WOW, DID YOU SEE THAT?!" and, "THAT MAN IS SO TALENTED." It was adorable, but I really wanted to ask them to turn down their headsets in order to better hear the volume of their own voices.Overall, it was such a great experience. I'm so proud that Phoenix has such an incredible museum to offer its citizens and visitors.
5	This is an amazing museum! It is so large though so you will get tired. Since I can't offer any other display information that the other reviewers have not already told you I will give you some advice on your visit. Wear your walking shoes. Honestly, I can't even imagine bringing kids here since I spent 7 hours and still missed things. I was beat afterwards. I loved my visit here.I especially loved the Artist Room with John Lennon and Paul Simon on display. ( Heaven for me) The traveling Latino display with the NYC Juke box listening booths and Interactive displays were so much fun. You can remix songs and play the piano keys back to some cool songs.  i just could not get the 5th song right on the playback the tune display. I trilled those keys for like 15 minutes. I was so stubborn and finally played the right notes. After you get it right the screen tells you the name of the song. I felt like an accomplished musician after I finally go it right! -lol. I also liked the big wooden dance floor and dance video exhibit in the same room.    The negative of MIM is the expense. It is obvious you need more than one trip here to see everything and the price might inhibit that. 15 dollars. I was able to get in free since it was teacher month. However, I am sad to think I won't be able to go back since it is also a far away drive. They don't offer coupons either according to the staff and from anywhere that I have ever found.( and I am good at scoping out those types of things)    If you do get a chance to go THEN GO and RUN THERE! You will love it if you love music. if you are a teacher you have to go now since you only have one more week to take advantage of their free admission. And as the intro video pointed out.   "Without music the language of our souls would die." So true! Enjoy your visit!
3	We did a field trip last week with my daughter's class and were very disappointed in the experience.  It is not a kid friendly environment.  The staff seem very uptight about children (and these were 11 year olds!)  It is a missed opportunity because it is such an amazing museum which is why I give it 3 stars.   It is too bad because wouldn't it be wonderful to have a place in our city that gives excellence in both the experience and the education?  It was distracting to see people that are not expressive in the tour and even irritated to have kids in the facility.
4	This is a great museum and definitely worth the visit.  The exhibits are extensive and very interesting.  I didn't have any of the audio problems some of the others have talked about; the headset worked fine - although a couple of times I had to stand very close to the sign.  You'll know more what to expect if you think of it as the  "Museum of Musical Culture", since the bulk of the space is organized by region and country, rather than by type of instrument.  This is still quite interesting, but it has a couple of problems.  First , there's a lot or repetition (for example, most cultures use guitars).  Second, an inordinate about of space is given to very primitive instruments.  It may be politically correct to pretend a crudely carved gourd or discarded oil drum is equivalent to a violin, harpsichord,  or saxophone, but it really isn't. That said, there was sometimes surprisingly beautiful sound coming out of very crude instruments - a particularly haunting Mongolian ensemble comes to mind - but this was frequently lost among minor variations on "drumming".  Some areas were organized by type of instrument, and I personally found these the most enjoyable.  For example, there was a room dedicated to mechanical music that included a fascinating machine for making player piano rolls - truly a technical marvel for its time.  I even liked the extensive accordion exhibit. Since they've chosen to focus on musical culture, I would have perhaps liked to see a little more "big picture" information about the migration and evolution of instruments as they spread around the world.  Maybe I'll write them that as a suggestion.Still, these are minor criticisms.  There's no question that this is a unique and impressive museum. Also, as someone who moved away from Phoenix back when culture was largely unheard of, I found it a pleasant surprise.
4	This part of town is growing. It wasn't a difficult drive and was basically all freeway for me from 7th/McDowell area. 10 to the 51 to the 101 and then Tatum is right there.I need two more visits to see everything here and by then the exhibits will have changed.I feel like the musical clips at each exhibit could be a little longer.I am really happy that the MIM is in Phoenix. I can think of a lot of other cities that could have gotten it. Very cool.Wear good shoes and don't bring in a big purse or bag. I got achy from walking and standing with a totes small um, tote.
5	I'm not a huge music buff and have never played a musical instrument in my life.  That said, they do a great job here of presenting the instruments and showing you where they come from and how they sound with the videos that play as you go along.This brand new museum is a must see for locals and visitors to the area.
4	Modern, innovative, and well worth the $15 admission. The cafe is top notch as well.
5	This place is VERY cool!  I went here for the 1st year anniversary celebration this last Saturday.  The entertainment outside on the main courtyard was excellent!  I also did part of the tour through the museum (it is huge); it is practically impossible to take in the whole museum in one day!  This place is very well done.  The headset technology allows you to hear instruments from all around the world as you look at them physically.  The staff is polite and very informative.  There are great interactive areas of the museum as well.  I highly recommend this place for anyone, even if you are not a musician this place is VERY interesting and unique!
5	Wow. If you like music, you will LOVE the MIM. This place is amazing! Perhaps I should say if you like music OR architecture, you will love the MIM. This is the kind of place that as you walk through, you mutter to yourself, "I can't believe I am in Phoenix!" The MIM now is affiliated with the Smithsonian Museums, and after touring the facility, you will agree that is a perfect partnership.I don't want to repeat what has already been said on the great reviews, so instead I will just reiterate that you really need at LEAST three hours to see the MIM. That three hours will mean you have not seen everything, but it's a start. The MIM has a really nice cafe with limited hours, but has a coffee shop which is open throughout the day. In addition, there is a gorgeous music venue which you can take a peek at while on your adventure. It looks like a perfect place to catch a show, and much like the rest of the MIM, it is eye candy.The staff at MIM are very knowledgeable and super friendly. The audio system you wear while on your musical quest is really outstanding. The sound was superior, and makes Bose look like dollar store speakers. Lastly, don't miss the gift store, there are tons of great items there, and I found my Mom a little Mother's day gift. DO NOT MISS seeing John Lenin's piano which he played Imagine on. It will give you goosebumps! Hope you enjoy your visit.
3	It's nearly impossible to explain to any of you how much I wanted (and expected) to fall in love with the MIM. I stalked it clear back when it was first announced... and when only digital renderings were available... when I kept wanting to visit but it was a drive...And then it happened. I had the opportunity to go and I was so excited. I examined the exhibits one more time online. And arrived before my date to take in the outside. It's beautiful. The whole building is absolutely beautiful. The outside courtyard. The contours and lines of the inside.Nearly every exhibit has a sample of the music and dance of the region/country and so they aren't all interfering with each other, they give you headsets to wear during the tour. Usually I pass on these, but this wasn't additional information, it was part of the exhibit. So I walked around, looking like a doofus but geeking out on music.The museum has a lot of stuff. A lot. Nearly every country is represented. Countries most don't normally associate with having their own music, such as Afghanistan. It was amazing to see the differences and the similarities in the instruments. The low fidelity versus the highly detailed, each works of art in their own way. My mind wandered and I daydreamed as I explored. One thing I realized is while all countries have something in common typically (same types of instruments), the US is seriously lacking in things that rattle.. bracelets, skirts, headdresses, etc... I call for more rattling in our instruments.Some other interesting things I found were a hot pink star guitar, that made me want to try to play the guitar again, tiny instruments, and a Victory Piano, which I've never seen up close and in person until this trip. And the piano rooms... and organ rooms... oh sweet heaven. Good thing they had lots of security.. because I was SO TEMPTED to sit and play. I wanted to play all those pianos so badly.  They do have some rooms where you can try and do some hands on stuff.. but it's never the same as the works of art that are for display only.Towards the end, the museum was closing and I found it hard to take time to see the rest... and I'd already spent 3 hours there...I probably needed another hour or so.I'm sure this space is going to be great for concerts and I really enjoyed my trip. So why the sad 3 stars? Two main reasons:1) It's supposed to be a museum, which to me is something you can enjoy time and time again. As of now, it doesn't look like they have any rotating or special exhibits, which will make it hard to justify a return.2) The navigation is horrible. There are multiple entrances to each region, but only one is the "right one" that allows you to navigate in a normal pattern. However, you have no guides with signage or anything on which is the preferred entrance (though I beg to ask why is there more than one if one leads you in an unnatural pattern). They put so much time, money and effort into this museum.. I really wish they had hired some UX folk. If they did, I wish they were better.It's worth a visit.. honestly. Especially if you are a music geek like myself. I'm just not sure it's worth more than that.
4	This was a great place to showcase the history of music. Sections are broken off by country. Each section will have costumes, instruments, and pictures pertaining to the country listed. We were given wireless headphones that automatically came on and played the corresponding music to the television display, which fades out as you walk away.  You can't touch the instruments, but there us one room they have reserved for people to play a wide variety of instruments. I would visit again!
4	$15 each to get in. Instruments from around the world are arranged by areas of the world.  Instruments are displayed in small groups (10 instruments or so in each group) with a video display showing indigenous musicians playing each type of instrument.  There are small plaques that explain a snippet of history. We enjoyed it very much, but it would be nice to have more information, or choice in the type of information you learn, such as an option to see how the instrument is made, or something like that.  It didn't seem as if there is enough cultural context for some of the displays.  Some hands-on interactivity would have been really enjoyable too. It is only one year old and you can tell they are growing so I hope for more next time I am in Phoenix. By the way, try the cafe! Gourmet food at reasonable prices, I believe the chefs are culinary students. The food was fantastic.
4	This place was really interesting, and the headset tour was different than most. Instead of listening to some boring lady talk to you, the headsets automatically changed music to the type that you were standing in front of. I really liked how it was arranged by countries and regions of the world. Took about an hour and a half, but I didn't read all of the information.
4	A very nice addition to the city. I feel fortunate that we were selected for such an ambitious undertaking.  But I feel like it sill has a bit to go in order to reach its grand potential.  Too many of the exhibits read like an encyclopedia.  It should be more interactive and it should contain more regarding the culture and stories behind each nation's musical heritage. Still worth the price of admission and I expect that this place will evolve to become more engaging.
5	I thought this place was fantastic!  I was like a kid in a toy store looking at all of the instruments & hearing music from all around the world.  Phoenix is incredibly lucky to have been chosen for a museum of this caliber.  I hope it stays busy enough that it will keep open for many years to come.  I just wish the admission wasn't as high.  At $15, it's a little high.
5	This is one of the best museums I've ever been to. We only had a couple hours to look around, which is DEFINITELY NOT ENOUGH time.  I say, allow yourself a whole day to explore. It may not take quite that long, but seriously, this place is HUGE! Very impressive exhibits, too. It's pricey for admission, but if you make a day of it, it's quite worth it. Everyone MUST visit this museum at least once. SO excited to have this in the Phoenix area!
5	No pun intended, but this place ROCKS! This is not your average museum. This is all about musical instruments from all over the world. Upon entering the buildings grounds, you'll notice how modern this place is. Upon paying inside (Free if you carry a BofA Debit card) you are given a listening device that picks up a remote signal at each country's display so you can hear the music that is produced by those who play them. Each viewing area has video to show you the people who play these devices. It's amazing to see the craftsmanship and thought that went into so many of these devices.This is a walking museum, so wear comfortable shoes. Also, if you have small children, please let them know that since the instruments are exposed, that touching is a no-no.Very cool place! Very impressed.
5	This is the most moving and inspiring museum I have ever been to. You get to travel around the world and experience music and dance like never before.  Being able to simply walk up to an exhibit without having to press a button on the headphones made the experience even more joyful.  You need more than one day to truly experience all this place has to offer. I wanted to listen to every snippet of song but it is overwhelming and I will simply have to come  back again and again. If you are a fan of music and dance get ready to have your heart opened and your soul bathed in the beauty that all of humanity shares through their unique song and dance. This is also a magnificent lesson in geography.Unique, inspiring and truly a destination museum!  If you have one day only to see museums in Phoenix do NOT miss this. One of a kind!
5	Quite simply next to THE MET in NYC this is the 2nd best museum I have EVER been to. Now that is saying a lot because I am not a huge fan of Museums of any kind....but this Gem in Phoenix is one of kind and I am certainly glad I had the pleasure of visiting it. I don't know where to begin or end with this review but they say a picture is worth a THOUSAND words well if I can get my pics to download properly please take a look at them and you will fully understand how great this museum is. If I can't download them then let me just say they have Musical Instruments in this establishment from more than 250 countries.....and it will take you more than a day to really appreciate every room in this place. Not to mention it has a cafe....a lab where the instruments are cleaned.....an area to actually play some of the instruments yourself......John Lennon's piano....and Eric Clapton's Guitar.They also give you complimentary wireless walkman and headsets so as you walk up to a display you hear the music for that individual country. There are also video displays that match the music your listening to...so you can understand the culture and feel of the music. This is just simply a wonderful oasis of music here in the valley of the sun and it is not to be missed if your visiting this area. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
4	There's a weird disconnect with me when I walk into this museum to see instruments, whose sole purpose is to be played and enjoyed, displayed for you to stare at while they stay silent.  Granted, I'm sure a lot of these instruments are not playable anymore, and they do have stations where you can listen to the TV footage of some (but not all) of the instruments when they are played.  But, I have a constant urge to pluck strings, play keyboards, and pound on drums when I see them laid out like they have been uncovered at an archaeological dig.  It's true they do have a "touch and play" section on the first floor, but the selection is limited (I'd imagine because of the upkeep to maintain constantly played instruments that instrument neophytes are trying out).Despite the overwhelming urge to try out the museum exhibitions, there is a great variety of instruments to look at, laid out by region, with information stands to inform you about the history of said instruments.  Pretty fascinating to see how different instruments emerge in our cultures and what sounds are deemed "pleasant" vs. cacophony.  One of the things that I think would make the museum experience more pleasant would be to extend the range of the ear sets they give you, because generally you can only stand in one spot before the headset reception starts to fade, which makes it inconvenient to listen to the instrument samples when there are lots of visitors at the exhibit.
5	TWENTY STARS! An International Treasure!!!This is one of the most amazing collections that I've ever seen.Plan on spending several hours here. I spent three, and it wasn't enough. Laid out by country and culture. You wander freely from one display to the next, as your wireless headphones (included with the admission) track where you are, and seamlessly sync up with each audio/video presentation. At most of the displays, you'll see two or more examples of videoed   performances from that region. You'll see how some of these rare and unusual instruments are played as the beauty and diversity of the songs and sounds of the world wash over you. This is not about celebrity.You will not see Jimi Hendrix's guitar or Patsy Cline's microphone (though, at the moment, they do have the piano on which John Lennon composed "Imagine").For anyone interested in music, world history, culture, or the performing arts, this is a world class, must-see experience. Don't miss it.
4	What a fun and interesting museum! On our visit to Phoenix my husband (a music teacher/music fanatic) insisted we stop here. I was skeptical at first, but ended up having a good time at the museum (even though it paled in comparison to my husband's absolute awe.) Even for people who are simply music enthusiasts and wouldn't fancy themselves experts in any way, this museum has a lot to offer. The instruments are very interesting and presented in a way that appeals to a wide audience. The listening stations really add to the experience as well. I was surprised with how much I learned, and even more surprised that four hours went by without me really noticing. I'm not sure, however, if this musueum is really appropriate for younger children. There were some little kids when we were there and they were finicky and irritating as my husband and I were traversing the various exhibits. There is little to no interaction with the majority of the instruments in the museum beyond listening, and I think the excitement of learning about different cultures would be lost on anyone under 12-13. Overall, I was very impressed with the museum and commend them for making something that is interesting to people with varying degrees of interest in musical instruments. I will definitely recommend stopping by for people visiting the area!
2	I'm clearly in the minority here, but I've got to be honest...I found this museum to be abysmally boring.  I'm a fan of all types of music and even play a little piano, but I found myself developing a headache from the repetition of crude drums and lutes from every third world country known to man (the wireless headphones allow for spontaneous audio as you approach each exhibit). Maybe I'm not cultured enough, but I'm not ashamed to admit the only thing I kind of enjoyed was the artists' exhibit where they had Clapton's and Paul Simon's guitars and some actual mics used in concerts by high-profile singers, etc.  My companion and I both kept waiting for the big payoff, but it never came.  Sorry, in my opinion, a real snooze...
5	Being a former band nerd in high school, so much nostalgia kicked in upon entering the museum. I saw all the instruments I was familiar with in high school, and many others that I wasn't familiar with (and learned much about). They supply you with headphones and a wireless receiver that plays the audio/video of the different sections you walk into. Each plays a sample of what the instruments sound like and some give detailed history on the instrument. Very enlightening experience.Best Part IMO: They have a room where you get to test random instruments to your heart's content! I really wanted to go ham on the gong but there was a sign that said something along the lines of "do not hit the gong repeatedly". I was disappoint... but otherwise many other instruments in there kept me occupied for awhile (xylophone, conga, harp, etc)It's not an arm and a leg to get inside, and this place has something for everybody. You're sure to spend a few hours enjoying yourself here.If you're going to do anything in Phoenix, this is one of the spots you should definitely check out.
5	There is not much I can say that hasn't already been said about the MIM. I am absolutely the anti-museum girl, and yet I found myself feeling almost child-like inside this wonderland of instruments and music. The space is stunning and bright; exhibits flow naturally from theme to theme on the first floor and then regionally upstairs. We spent about three or so hours there and barely scratched the surface of the first floor. Admittedly, we took a break for lunch in the cafe which by the way was delicious. This is not your standard cafeteria fare. It can please all palates, from pure decadent to strict vegan. My turkey burger was moist and flavorful, and the accompanying eggplant fries were yummy! Some of my favorite highlights . . . John Lennon's upright piano, Eric Clapton's guitar, the Steinway piano exhibit which shows how they are made, and then the xorgan. The MIM is worth your time . . . probably time and time again. I can't wait to go back and spend time on the second floor (world regions) and then spend some additional time on the first floor playing some obscure instruments in the Experience Gallery . . . a real treat!
4	Water Glass Harmonica needs to be at this amazing museum!  Since birth, I think I was in love with music and musical instruments and I'm so happy the museum is in Arizona.  From Latin horns, African drums, to the various bag pipes found in European countries(who knew there were so many!) to a display of all the Indonesian puppets, the world history of musical instruments can be seen at MIM.  I would have preferred it if I wore tennis shoes instead of heels however I was at the Brazilfest 2011. The event is probably the reason I'm giving MIM 4 stars instead of 5.  It's really cool to have events at the museum, however, the set up for the Brazilfest, just didn't flow.  Plus, the bar area didn't know how to make a caipirinha , it was so sour I couldn't finish it. And the servers were not that friendly.   So I got a glass of wine ($6) and it wasn't even a half a cup.  And there was no food!  I prefer the Brazilian events in Tempe @910 versus at MIM; different vibe, too much talking and mingling versus enjoying the performers and talking to each other like you do at 910. Hey, if I'm not enjoying my 4th caipirnha and dancing until 2 am, then going to IHOP at 3am,  it's not a good Brazilian party. So I'm thinking this is not the place to have an event.The museum is definitely worth the entry fee. Don't forget the tennis shoes!
5	This is a truly awesome place! The automatic audios that start as you approach each video are the best Don't miss the interactive exhibit on the first floor where you can play instruments from around the world; this is a real cultural diversity as well as geography experience.
5	You shouldn't be reading this review, you should be going there. Right now. Amazing museum, amazingly high-tech. If you enjoy music (and you do) you should go. Info here - http://www.themim.org/
4	Went this afternoon to the MIM.  It was quite busy,  they had a couple of events and groups visiting so it was crowded. Museum is quite big, they are bringing in even more stuff soon so some displays are empty. My complaint would be: it needs more info about the instruments and how they are made, I also would like to see more local, traditional garbs. Small critic, most see in PHX!!!!!I haven't tried the cafe, I have been told it is quite good food, it also was quite full when we were there.
5	The MIM is a place that feels almost out of place in Phoenix - and I mean it in a good way.  The museum focuses on music, cultures and musical instruments.  The building is a magnificent new modern building near the 101 and Tatum in North Phoenix.  The tone of the building naturally blends into the surrounding desert landscape.The tour begins by entering the museum, paying your fee and receiving an audio device.  The device will allow you to walk to most locations and have a GPS sensor locate the exhibit and video and sync it.  In other words, you do not have to track the audio, the Sennheiser device does it for you!The museum is divided into regional sections (e.g. North America, Africa, the Middle East, Asia, etc.).  Each country, nation or region has a unique section explaining the music, history and instruments.  Most regions of the world are represented.  I would recommend spending at a minimum four hours.  There are two floors, a restaurant, an area to play with some instruments.  In addition, you can see notable guitars and other instruments (e.g. Carlos Santana's guitars, Andy Summer's classic Police telecaster, Paul Simon's custom electric guitar, etc.).If you have a child, let them play in the instrument room.  It will keep them busy for quite some time.The general cost is $15 per adult and it is well worth the cost.If you have traveled outside the USA and/or studied geography, international studies, or just enjoy some good tunes, this place is for you!
5	If you're in the Phoenix area, this is a not to be missed museum. Every kind of instrument and its history through time is represented. It's well organized, interesting and good for kids and adults alike. I walked out impressed and full of knowledge. Helpful hint: it's a huge museum and depending on your ability to focus, you may want to split it into two visits.
4	The MIM is very  impressive. Gorgeous building, great layout, an amazing amount of instruments and info. Downstairs they had features on mechanical instruments (instruments that don't need a person to play), artist features (Lennon, Clapton, Dick Dale, etc.), guitars, and an interactive section where you can play some instruments. Upstairs is where is gets impressive. There are 196 countries on this planet and 193 are represented in this museum as well as certain territories with specific cultures. Each country has it's own section with a plaque of info, musical instruments from that country, a flat screen with footage of people playing music from there with a censor that detects your audio guide and automatically plays it. Awesome! The only possible negative would be that it can be overwhelming, but slow down and just walk by each region and your audio guide will play you a piece.
3	This place really deserves a 3.5-star in my book.  Very cool array of instruments from around the world and the exhibit video clips were interesting - some were more fun and interesting than others.  My personal video clip faves were the John Lennon, China Olympics, and building-a-piano-from-scratch exhibits.  Don't forget to visit the room where you can play w/ the instruments - it's not just for kids.  They also have the self-playing pianos (ask the super friendly greeter/museum staff person to spot you a token for the piano).As interesting and vast an instrument collection as this place has, I found myself w/ tired feet and musical instrument and geography lesson overload after seeing about half of the collection (and 2 hours).  This place has two stories and small alcoves with special displays (e.g. guitar exhibit); make sure to check out those areas on your visit.Other important info: located in SCOTTSDALE, free parking, $ admission for everyone over 3 years old, small cafe, outdoor seating, family room, hands-on musical instruments room not just for kids, headphones connect to exhibit video clips wirelessly, plan about 2 hrs here (anything more might be overkill for kids under 10 and families who appreciate music and world cultures but don't necessarily have strong connection to music and/or instruments).
4	No doubt... it's really well done.  If you're a fan of music, it is very interesting and worth going to.  In reality, though, I think it's geared toward adults and older children.  We brought 3 younger children, and though they can be very focused for their age... most of the museum can keep their attention for only a limited time.   The "petting zoo" was cool and the kids loved it.   It was the room that they could pick up the instruments and play with them.   They had all types of drums, guitars, ukuleles and gongs.  The kids had a lot of fun there, but it's just one small part of the museum and it's pretty crowded.   The rest is really well done.  Educational and interesting... just not THAT interesting to small children.  They can watch only so much of small video clips of musical performances no matter what the musician is playing.
4	I've heard about this place for ages and finally went with some friends to check it out yesterday. It was a cloudy day, and a bit cold, so a perfect day to have some sort of insight experience and the musical instrument museum did not disappoint. The cost was a bit more than I expected but the museum is interesting and seems incredibly well run.You get a headset when you pay your admissions fee and the museum is set up so that as you get near a display you start to pick up the sound of the video of instruments being played. One thing the museum may want to do is more clearly indicate to people that they headsets don't work till you get to the second floor. I saw the sign but many people seemed to be confused as to why nothing was coming on as they walked through the initial display of various types of guitars.I did learn, at the end, that if you have kids, you want to take them to the experience area (sorry, a bit fuzzy on the details) so they get a chance to play different instruments, or at least that was my understanding, and then you can go look at the second floor displays.Interestingly enough, they start with musical instruments from Africa and Asia, the most ancient cultures and then move towards the types of instruments with which we are more familiar whereas, if I also remember correctly, the musical instruments at the Metropolitan museum of arts where much more European based and they had recordings of the actual instruments being played and I sort of expected I would experience that as well here but they have a different though logical approach. I just find a deeper sense of connection when i know that the sound I'm playing was actually generated on the actual instrument I'm viewing.Definitely worth a look-see if you have a free afternoon on the weekend. Sunday seems like an especially good day to go visit but Sunday afternoon always seems like a good time to go to any museum. I also saw they have actual musical performances though many of them are during the week and that is quite a drive if you don't life out that way (at least for me) but might also be worth checking out if you get a chance.
5	This museum is beautiful and on par with museums you would see in big cities such as San Francisco or New York. Being a musician myself, this was truly a delight. The instruments they have on display are very interesting and have changed the music world around us.The tour around the world through music is very fun, but my favorite part of the museum had to be the bottom floor, consisting of exhibits about famous musicians. They have the actual piano that John Lennon wrote Imagine on.The experience room is loads of fun as well. They allow you to play many instruments that are out of the ordinary. Play the theremin!
4	This place is incredible. Definitely one of the best museums I've been to recently. The venue itself is gorgeous as well. As a hack cellist, this place was a delight. The headset is pretty well integrated into the exhibit as well--most times I find museum headsets annoying and not worth the extra cost or hassle, but the musical accompaniment for each exhibit was great. The experience room where you can try out instruments was probably my favorite part. My only main criticism is that some of the exhibits basically seemed like ads for the instrument manufacturers. For example, the Steinway exhibit talked for three paragraphs about the superior quality of Steinway pianos. The Fender exhibit was the same way and so on.
5	Lots of Awesome musics divided by continents. I had so much fun with the music. Only complain is the price. I think it was too expensive... but I spend quiet a bit of day and I enjoyed it.
5	What a pleasant experience. The museum was well organized. Great use of the headphones corresponding with various parts of the globe.There's also a room where you get "hands-on" experience with various musical instruments. The cafe was fresh, yet fairly over-priced.Would definitely recommend.P.S. if you have B of A credit card, you are granted free admittance the first, full weekend of the month.
5	Museum: This place is amazing. I love how the museum lives up to its theme that "music is the language of the soul".  This beautiful building is new. It is a testament to how music  plays such a vital role in all cultures throughout the ages. The museum is divided into regions. As you approach each display with your headphones, you get to hear what the instrument sounds like while viewing a clip of it being played. The displays are expertly assembled so you see, hear and experience the music and get a glimpse of its place in the culture of that region. this is a must see for all!Music venue:. We saw Playing For Change in the auditorium a while back. What a great band to see here!  It is  small venue (our preference) with great acoustics. The Cafe: The food was surprisingly good. Loved the inventive gourmet menu from all over the world. My Ethiopian soup was delicious. and that pear pastry thingy divine. It is a nice break mid museum tour.This place does everything right and is a class act. I'm proud it is in Arizona!
5	Are you middle aged? With teenage kids who you're certain are the spawn of Satan himself?Here's some advice.Torture them with a trip to the MIM.They'll have no appreciation for the place. But that'll soon change when you inform them how learning to play the zither, a forty-plus string instrument resembling a harp will get them that new Camaro for their birthday.You giggle to yourself, knowing deep down they have about as much chance of playing zither as they do passing calculus, especially after hearing their ear-splitting rendition of 'Stairway to Heaven' on your old six string.So as you while away the afternoon at the MIM, marveling at what other cultures around the world call music, your two teenage boys are darting from one exhibit hall to the next in search of a zither to see what kind of gauntlet you just threw down. You've accomplished two things today.First, in some perverse way, you've taught your kids how capitalism works...hard work and how it pays off. You hope this will help them in some fashion...mainly, in order they pass economics and finally get out of high school...and the house.Second, in their frantic search for something called a zither, they manage to actually learn something about musical instruments around the world. Even you learned something today.Something very fundamental about America as you make the metaphorical connection between our having the Auto-tune while other cultures are still playing tree limbs.It's then you realize why we have an atomic bomb and they have spears.
5	Where can you go, and what can you do that will keep the family enthralled for only $15 per adult?  The MIM!  Every part of the world is represented by videos of indigenous people playing music with their sometimes well-known and sometimes bizarre musical instruments.    Africa, Europe, Asia, South America, India, the Pacific Islands, and more are all represented.  Scottish bagpipes, Australian didgeridoos, European violins, Russian balalaikas, African drums, Chinese and Japanese 2-string lutes, German crumhorns, Swiss alphorns, and many other fascinating and strange instruments are represented.  Music includes opera, bluegrass, reggae, Turkish dancers, zydeco, theremin (the bizarre, alien background music played in "The Day the Earth Stood Still") and many, many more styles.  Fascinating, just fascinating -- allow 2 or 3 hours at least.
3	A simply wonderful museum that is unfortunately run by humans. I will leave it at this, after being forced to check our infant child's diaper bag...we then proceeded to see no less than a dozen other parents with diaper bags that were not summarily removed from them.  Petty administrators with inconsistent policies make what should have been a great time a rather annoying day. See this place for sure, but just keep in mind, they are not kid friendly.  PS: We have never had an explosion of baby formula destroy a piece of art, so not sure why we got the third degree  this day.
4	I liked it a lot. My four year old lost interest after a while. Good for date night, not great for kids. Wanted to eat around two at the cafe, but half of it was closed and the remaining options were limited.
5	Violeta and I met here two days ago, and I really enjoyed it!  We only had a couple of hours to look around, since I had school after, but I really did not expect to enjoy it as much as I did.  Great exhibits- although I wish those that had a larger number of items in the collection would get more space to have a less cluttered showcase.  I need to go back a few more times (or spend two or three long visits) to be able to see everything.  I do not know how large this building is, or even how many rooms/sections it has, but I have a feeling I just saw the tip of the iceberg...  $15 for adult admission seemed a bit steep in the beginning, but after spending only two hours there, I'd say the trip was worth it!  The fact that you get headsets that are synched with switch boxes as you move from one area to another makes the adult admission a great value!  I don't know if the starting "donation" fee of $250 for an annual membership is going to win me over though... To you Hard Rock/guitar fans out there, you will want to check out the MiM's lovely collections, and not just the ones on the main level (lovely display by the stairs).  I'm still pretty blown away with the collection of boat lutes of Indonesia, Malaysia, and the Philippines on the upper level! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wWhq9cKLCrZHcp-ezp-hPQ?userid=M9rRM6Eo5YbKLKMG5QiIPA  (Psst- they're mostly from the Philippines.)  Speaking of the P.I., check out the beautifully "tabo" drum at the bottom level http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wWhq9cKLCrZHcp-ezp-hPQ?select=qprllSNHvFkPQMoLLXcfEw - when I see intricate wood carvings, such as what were on that drum, they get me thinking back to my childhood when almost all the woodwork I saw were lovely like that.  Mahogany, some were of dark honey, a lot of shiny, burled wood.  Ahh... I saw them everywhere back home.  Here, I only get to see them in high-end magazines, mansions, and museums.  If we only appreciated how wonderfully grand our lives where back home...)
5	Loved every minute. That's not to say I could spend every minute of the day here, because it's a LOT to take in and at some point most of the music blurred together simply from my own exhaustion. Despite my own fatigue, the museum is a beautiful tribute to the diverse music of the globe.The exhibits are exceptionally laid out. Before my adventure here I was advised to "not spend too much time in Africa" because there is so much more that follows and it may wear you out. I would heed that advise next time. I wouldn't skip any of it, but I'd juggle my time around a bit more instead of making my way thru each region in an organized manner.I was so impressed with the footage and audio capabilities. It really allows the visitor to feel immersed in a sound, voice or image.Though I'm not much of a museum person, I will come again. This is a fabulous stop for out of town visitors and a great way to showcase the activies we have for everyone in the valley. Bravo. Encore.
3	A wonderful museum marred by the unfortunate intrusion of inconsistently upheld policies. I have never been to a museum where I was forced to check my baby's diaper bag at the front desk. We were informed it was because many of the pieces were donated and the museum didn't want to risk the items getting wet from spilled formula or other liquids. Um. Okay....I guess that would be fine if we didn't see at least a dozen people walking around with diaper bags and two people openly feeding liquids in the viewing rooms to their babies. I'm not sure why we were singled out, but it definitely put a damper on what would have otherwise been a 5 star experience. The museum itself is amazing. The collection of pieces is stunning. It is A LOT to take in so plan to spend a good portion of your day here or break it up over a few days. Every possible culture and country and civilization imaginable is represented at the MIM. So much to see and experience. I do plan to go back...just not with my baby.
4	Loved this place.  There is a LOT to take in and we barely covered 3 countries, the interactive museum and the artists exhibitions before we were all pooped.  Still, we had a wonderful time!  I have enjoyed concerts here before in their fabulous music hall and that is something I would highly recommend as well.
5	Fantastic place and huge!  Amazed at all the instruments from around the world, history and the beautiful sounds they make- the audible guided tour throughout is fabulous!  The section where you can try some select instruments is wonderful.  Kids will love this place, our daughter and her friend did not want to leave.  Enjoy!
5	This review is solely about the concerts that MIM hosts about once a week, not the museum itself.MIM has a moderate-sized auditorium (about 300 seats), designed specifically for musical recitals that don't need a large stage.  About once a week, they have such a concert, usually featuring one or a small group of performers playing just about every kind of music conceivable.  I have found their choice of peformers to generally be very good, from international guitarists to an Israeli modern singer, to Irish folk musicians.  You probably have an 80% chance of seeing a very enjoyable show, and it may be a bit different from the usual fare -- another plus.The venue is as good as it gets -- incomparable acoustics, nice common areas, a display of relevant instruments from the museum collection, and comfortable seats with scads of leg room.  The auditorium is small enough so that all seats are good, but this means that there aren't may seats, so getting them at the beginning of the season is a very good idea.
5	I absolutely love this museum. To put it simply, the curators did an amazing job. The museum is well organized, neat, high-tech,  fun and constantly engaging. As a musician, I found it particularly interesting, but even for the everyday music lover, there's a display for everyone to enjoy. We thought two hours would be enough, but it wasn't even close! Sure you can whizz through, but my buddy and I watched, listened to and read every single display. We only got through maybe 1/3 of the whole museum! We are definitely going back to finish it all.As a strange and frustrating side note, I thought it was interesting that they displayed a violin made in Germany on the Israel wall. They couldn't find an Israeli made violin? I find that hard to believe.
5	The grounds & building are magnificent!  The Museum is so well laid out you could spend an Hour or a Day depending on how much you want to get out of it.Cool set of earphones that go on when you are in front ot the TV displays at most exhibits so you hear the music or information- OR you can take them off and just READ and LOOK.Puts that whole "Phoenix has no culture" Urban Legend to rest Once & For All!  GO..........take adults, teens, even little kids - its something for everyone.  My 75 year old dad and 16 year old teenager BOTH enjoyed the Experience Room where you get to try out a variety of instruments!
5	What a wonderful museum! There is something for every age and educational level here.It teaches an appreciation of world cultures using music as the tool to communicate that learning. It also has a great section on popular music in the USA that anyone would enjoy. I love this place!
4	The MIM has an extraordinary collection of instruments from around the globe. When you arrive, you get a pair of headphones and receiver. The museum is laid out by continent, with a display for each country featuring instruments and a television with clips of musical performances. As you approach a country's exhibit, the receiver picks up the audio from the TV - no button-punching required - and I was pretty impressed by the technology alone. There were some very lovely and interesting instruments, and it was nice to have the audio to go along with the displays - although not every instrument had a performance clip, and there were some instruments featured on videos that weren't in the exhibits.The museum is obviously still growing. There were some empty platforms marked "display in progress." Some countries were bare with signs saying the MIM was requesting donations.I thought a lot of the displays were lacking in cultural context - just a "hey, look at these crazy instruments made out of turtles and bull scrotums!" Others were quite interesting - for instance, Belarus is a big manufacturer of electric instruments, but the government has such control over music that it controls the prices and makes Belarusians apply for permits to create bands.Still, the overwhelming theme of the MIM seems to be that music is universal - no matter who or where or when, music connects us all. Not a bad message to get across.
5	This place is amazing, one of the coolest museums I've ever been to! Just give yourself plenty of time and be prepared for sensory overload.
3	Very nice museum and a great way to spend a few hours and escape the summer heat!  However, there is so much information in this museum that it is overwhelming...and they plan to expand with over 20% more information.
5	You can see instruments from all over the world, and actually hear the music played on them via headphones.  The teens were especially interested in the instruments owned by Elvis, John Lennon and Eric Clapton.  We were there for 2+ hours.  It was $36 for all of us and well worth it.
5	Loved it! Even my teens had fun. We were there for about 3 hours and didn't realize it we were having so much fun.
5	A great place to go by yourself or with the family.  As interesting as it is fun.
2	After an hour and a half at this museum you would have thought I was simply torturing my 6 and 8 year old girls.  I may have enjoyed it more if I were not with them.  Even with the audio starting when  you walk up to an exhibit they were bored.  Though they did enjoy replicating some of the dancing from other countries.The hands on room was the only room they enjoyed but even that only lasted 1/2 an hour or so.  I thought the museum was expensive and I have to agree that the staff was not warm and fuzzy nor kid friendly.I was disappointed because I had heard so many wonderful things about this place that I had been looking forward to going for a long time.Oh well, back the the Science Center we go.
5	I went to the museum just to check it out for a friend and I was blown away. There are musical instruments from almost every country and region! It's worth a visit even if you're not musically inclined
5	Great museum a must visit museum.
5	We were lucky enough to get free tickets here so we took our 3 young children. I was surprised at how big this museum was! Huge, open and beautifully decorated halls and several different large sections for every continent in the world. Each large area was divided into smaller sections displaying musical instruments, artwork and artifacts from countries all across the globe. I was nervous that our kids were too young to enjoy this museum but they all had a fabulous time, even our 3 year old. We were all given head phones attached to a small pack which clipped onto our belt by a friendly girl behind the counter when we arrived. She explained to us that we needed to do nothing in order to work them and that they would automatically play the music when we stood by the different displays. The kids loved this! The room with all of the many interesting musical instruments that you could pick up and play was a huge hit w the kiddos! I can't wait to go back w my husband for a date night especially since they have a large cafe/wine bar ;)
5	Incredible value. This is one museum not to miss. We ended up staying most of the day. We arrived before 11:00 a.m., stopped for a short lunch (their cafeteria served yummy, fresh food that was very well priced), and we didn't finish until it was closing time. We suggest that you arrive when they open so you will be sure to have enough time to enjoy all of the exhibits. You will amazed at what you will see, how beautiful all of the exhibits are, and how extensively they cover the world. Be sure to visit the interactive room where you will enjoy the opportunity to use many instruments!
5	A wonderful experience.   Extremely well done, and well worth the admission.   Young children will be bored, but older kids will get some great lessons in cultural understanding and geography.  The musical instruments are arranged by country, and the exhibits include sound and video via an excellent system.  Plan at least 3-4 hours (or more).   Even then, you'll not have enough time to take it all in.
5	Wow! Wow! Wow! No matter how prepared you could be this place is mind expanding. It is Overwhelming and beyond belief! If you are ever in the Phoenix / Scottsdale area this is a must see. Allow yourself most of the day and you will be glad you did! - Now for the story - As always I check yelp and see what museums are in a given area (OK at meal time I look for restaurants too). I love to find museums of all sizes and types, and especially like little odd museums, but that is for another time and rating. So I find this Musical Instrument Museum and figure that I can go look at a few fiddles, flutes, accordions and guitars.  Well this museum is so first class I would give it ten stars, really TEN stars. The quality of the presentations and the breadth of the offerings is completely beyond comprehension. After a few hours I was sure my brain would explode! Anet's jaw was on the floor from the the first display on. really! but enough about us. The museum is impressive from the outside, and the patio for the entrance is very inviting. With you entrance ticket, you will receive a headset and  power pack. Pick a region of earth and start. You can walk up to a monitor and it will start playing the music of the country, people, area, or type depending on which hall you are transiting. The Displays are spacious and have representative instrument for a given, culture or country, and videos with music to bring it all to you. The videos and music are only a couple of minutes long and give wonderful examples of contemporary and / or historical music. Stroll and listen and look and be impressed. There is so much you could never take in it all in a day! So plan to come again. I would recommend come early, have lunch in their restaurant, and return to listen and look more. Oh, and on the restaurant, it is too cool! Fresh, local, tasty, incredible 5 star eating experience in a cafeteria like setting. The food was wonderful too! So that should be enough bait to get you on a plane to Phoenix and up to the museum. A first class must see museum
5	If you enjoy any kind of music you will love the MIM. They have done a terrific job providing the history and examples of almost any musical instrument you can imagine. And, as a bonus, you get to hear them being played in their original environment. They have a "hands on" section for the kids but this is really more of an adult museum. Most children wouldn't appreciate seeing John Lennon's piano that "Imagine" was composed or George Benson's guitar unless they can relate. For us old folks... this place is a little slice of music paradise that takes us back through time as well as an educational experience.The theater is also a terrific venue to see live performances. All the seats are great but some are surprisingly fantastic. I'm not telling which ones those are because I want them to be available next time I go. You will have to find them for yourself:)
5	Best Museum in Phoenix hands down!  I didn't know what to expect when walking in this huge museum but was super excited once I started exploring around.  Downstairs starts off with some vintage guitars from around the world.  Once upstairs your self guided with the help of headphones that changes from section to section when you walk up to each exhibit. They also have videos in the exhibits showing how the people use each instrument being heard, and some showed how the instruments were made. Over 10,000 instruments from around the world spanning from Air Guitar (yes I said it) to everything you can't imagine that makes noise.They have the museum so organized it was fun to go from country to country getting samples of the different types of music to actually hear the instruments being shown.  I went and spent a couple of hours before closing time, and still didn't get to see everything.  I would suggest to wear comfortable shoes and allow at least three hours to experience everything.  I'll be back to explore the areas I didn't get to visit in the future.  A must see museum.
5	This museum is like no other. It's full of musical Instruments from all over the world. There is a room for each continent containing traditional instruments used by people in different countries. There's even an experience room where you get to play with the instruments hands-on without being yelled that! I didn't have enough time to see everything because I was only there for an hour. But I will be back! I know the Taylor Swift exhibit just opened and I want to explore more of the other rooms with different countries. It was the most fun I've ever had learning about music- that's for sure!
3	Certainly not terrible, but file under "could use work."That said, I really think they should have halted the opening till they had more exhibits. That's the biggest problem with this place; most exhibits are incomplete or "coming soon." Also disappointing is the number of nations/et cetera featured with the same ol' Western instruments as if a guitar in Colombia and some guy on a TV screen playing rock is somehow different than a French guitar/guitarist doing the same thing.There's a lot of potential here, from the headphones you wear which start playing the sound from the TV of the exhibit you're nearest to the initial mash-up gallery of exquisite and fascinating-looking instruments like the bassoon russe. However, the ridiculous size of the American/anglosphere exhibit room, filled with plenty of stuff people already know about i.e. Hendrix/John Lennon, and the weird obvious sponsorship commercials (A D'Addario exhibit? Who cares?) make this place a little less than it could be.Maybe go in a year or two when all the exhibits are up.
5	Amazing exhibits and live performances.  We went during a christmas piano performance and it was incredible.  They also had a show with the musical machine from belgium in the mechanical music section.  It was amazing to see who they created old time music boxes and paper based music machines.
5	The live events are excellent, so verify they have something playing when you visit.  You can spend days in this museum if you love music so be prepared!   try to catch the apollonia music show that happens everyday.   The museum restaurant was also really impressive.  We had a chestnut soup that was spectacular.
5	One of the best museums I have been to. The audio tour adds to the excellence of the worldwide instrument exhibits. There is also a neat contemporary band and singer section downstairs that gives great insight into the influences of singers in the music industry. They also had a Taylor Swift exhibit which was small but still fun to see. The cafe has excellent food, especially the pizzas.
3	If I were to rate the Musical Instrument Museum purely on the exhibit offerings, I would give it 5 stars. It's a beautiful, well-maintained building with room after room of engaging offerings. My family and I enjoyed putting on our headsets, which come with your admission, and listening to music from around the world. I can't say I ever wondered before what music is enjoyed in Azerbaijan, but once I was at the museum and saw that exhibit I suddenly was rather curious! The Experience Gallery was especially enticing to my two children, who love instruments and had a blast getting the chance to try out guitars, drums and gamelans (I now know what those are!).However, an encounter we had in the Experience Gallery is what leads me to give this review just 3 stars. Actually, I would have dropped it to two stars, except that my kids really did enjoy themselves here. My 3 year old son approached the bongo drums and decided to arrange them in a line. A museum volunteer came over to me and suggested he might be more comfortable playing in the Family Center. I looked around and saw a number of much younger children also enjoying the instruments in the room. I didn't understand why my son was being singled out. I asked if she didn't feel this room was appropriate for 3 year olds (another volunteer had directed us here when I asked what she recommended for kids at the museum). She replied that she would prefer that my son not line up the instruments, that it was treating them as "toys" rather than as musical instruments. I was so taken aback that someone who volunteers in a room of the museum designated for children would define "right" and "wrong" ways of playing with them. I reminded her that the instruments weren't being harmed in any way (these, by the way, were Remo drums specifically made for children - we have the same ones in our music class - they sell for $30-$40 on Amazon, they were hardly precious antiques). She decided to drop the issue, and suggested that I just "keep an eye on him", which of course I was. My son proceeded to play the drums, other children came along and played the drums as well and, when he was finished, my son put each drum right back where he had originally found it. It really bothered me to have someone from the museum suggest that he was doing anything wrong.Lastly, I'll mention the cafe. On the one hand, it's an impressive menu - lots of very good options. It's expensive, as museum cafes tend to be. I ordered their $9 hot dog and was disappointed to see that 1) it arrived with half the bun missing (i.e., the hot dog was sitting on just the bottom half of the bun, the top half was not on the plate - we saw hot dogs at other tables and they definitely came with both halves of the bun!) and 2) it was ice cold in the center. The hot dog itself was very flavorful and had that great snappy bite from the casing, but for $9 it was unacceptable to arrive cold and missing half it's bun.The Musical Instrument Museum has such great instruments and music to showcase from all over the world - hopefully they'll work to improve the other aspects of the museum experience.
4	If you like music, you need to check this place out.  It's a very interesting museum with a great staff, wonderful guided headset tours, good food and drinks, a great museum shop with really cool gift options for the music fans in your life, and they even have a room where you can play all the instruments!  Great place.
3	The reviews for the Musical Instrument Museum are generally great, and while our kids had fun, I can't be as enthusiastic as I expected.First, we had an unpleasant interaction in the Experience Gallery, where a Museum docent singled out our three-year-old from all the kids running amok and suggested he would be better in the Family Center because he was using the Remo drums made for kids as "toys" rather than experiencing them as musical instruments, a distinction I still find mystifying.  My wife (Kathy S.) wrote about this incident in her own YELP review posted a couple days ago.  I'll focus my review on other aspects of our experience at the Museum.Second, upon us entering the Museum we were approached by a very nice volunteer whom we asked about exhibits good for kids - the only place she suggested was the Experience Gallery.  Other than banging drums, strumming guitars and ukuleles and hitting a couple gongs - which our kids LOVED - was there anything else oriented to kids?  Any exhibits with interactive buttons, simple words and graphics with big letters, and maybe some instructive models detailing, for example, how the musical sound is generated, or how music is read?  We looked but came up short - we didn't make it through every gallery but we found no actual exhibits oriented to the younger set.  Our kids were not that interested in audio recordings and displays of instruments innovated by local populations in different regions of the world.  And that's ok.  Not every museum can be or seeks to be great for young kids.  Our kids at 3 and 5 probably just weren't ready.  Still, they had fun in the Experience Gallery, and maybe we'll try MIM again in a few years.I did like the physical beauty of the facility - the building and grounds are stunning.
5	This place is awesome. I have been here a few times since they opened and always take people from out of town here for a treat. The outside entrance and patio are beautiful and inviting. Cool gift store that requires no ticket right up front. Check in at the front desk and get started.Musical instruments everywhere you turn. Cultural history and tantalizing information at each stop along the way. The top floor is divided up between different parts of the globe. Africa, Asia, Europe, Americas, etc. There are more rooms down stairs to see as well like the famous artist room which has stuff from Elvis, Eric Clapton, John Lennon, Taylor Swift and many more. Some areas change themes throughout the season.Place is immaculate and flows like a fun house. Make sure and get the head sets. They automatically come on when you step in front of the display placard. It is easy to spend a couple hours just getting started then have some lunch in the yummy downstairs cafe and going back at it for another hour or two.Although older children will enjoy this, it is more of an adult experience. If you have younger children that get bored easily after an hour, I would recommend taking them to the zoo or somewhere they can run around and do the things kids like to do. Bring the camera but turn off the flash. FUN !!!
4	I have yet to tour the museum to look at the exhibits, but I do plan to return and explore when I have some time. I visited after somewhat accidentally discovering Habib Koite was playing a few days later. Several years ago I used to work at Barnes & Noble's music department in Atlanta and I discover Habib's music and enjoyed his mastery of the guitar. The web site was easy to navigate and I found I could get seats in the front row for $37.50. I quickly booked two. The most challenging and stressful aspect was getting there. Not due to the museum itself, but more me and my GPS. I typed in the address of 4725 Mayo and it told me that didn't exist and changed it to 4800. I thought it would be close, but then decided to search by business and did find it showed MIM, but it said unknown road. 10 people "Liked" it so I assumed it was accurate. As I turned off onto Shea my girlfriend who did visit once on a school field trip for her daughter said she didn't think it was right. I was lost with 10 minutes prior to the show. I did something men do not usually do - I called for directions. The representative gave me clear directions and I managed to pull into the parking lot at 7:02. Picking up tickets at guest services was quick and painless. Thankfully, the director was making announcements when we took our seats and we didn't miss any of the show. The atmosphere in the concert hall was amazing. It was small and comfortable. Although we were in the first row I don't think there was a bad seat in the house. The thing that amazed me the most was the sound. The stage has the perfect acoustics. I was amazed and enjoyed the performance. While I was familiar with Habib Koite I was not familiar with his partner Eric Bibb. Eric is a Memphis-blues guy and Habib is from Mali. Blues has its roots in African music and the two blended together perfectly. Both guys were very friendly, were excellent story tellers which made the songs even more enjoyable. After the show they signed autographs in the hallway and we toured the MIM gift shop at the end of the night. I wanted to buy the Gangster Rap Coloring book but passed  - next time!I will definitely return to see other shows and I would like to actually see the exhibits. I definitely recommend this museum.
5	My boyfriend brought me here for their Valentine's event and I thought it was really well done. We got to walk most of the 2nd floor and the exhibits are really great. The entertainment, food, and the service of the staff was also very impressive. I'm making it a point to come back in a few weeks to spend some more time walking the exhibits, especially the Jazz gallery they currently have on display. Definitely check it out!
2	I was directed to the MIM by my stepdaughter, who said I would enjoy it.  I did, so let's start with the good stuff.  The exhibits are nicely done, not behind glass or plexiglass, but in the open where they can be seen easily and up close.  Although there are railings designed to separate the people from the very fragile instruments, there is still sufficient space to look over and take a GOOD look at something interesting.The docent who was working in the Experience Room was a real hoot and I enjoyed interacting with him.  The facility is beautiful and nicely laid out.  I didn't get lost, as I might have at another venue.Now for the negatives:1.  This place is NOT, I don't believe, ADA compliant.  For a facility of this size, there are only ten (10) handicapped parking places, and today five of them were blocked off for fresh painting.  I don't understand why that painting couldn't have been done after hours, since the museum closes at 5:00 p.m.  I had to park about three rows and 10 cars down from the front door and by the time I got to the door, my hips were screaming so that I had to sit down for a while.  I parked next to a handicapped van that had a wheelchair ramp and lift; the van had to park diagonally across two spaces to make sure that they had sufficient access space when they returned.  I also saw a woman with a walker having to walk MUCH further than she should have to get to the front door.  I spoke to the on-site manager who tried to convince me that the museum is compliant with ADA requirements.  Sorry, folks, I don't believe it.  It is unreasonable to expect a parking lot of this size for a facility of this size to have only ten spaces; for five of them to be blocked off all day is unconscionable!2.  There is no Senior admission rate, nor is there a military admission rate.  Every other museum I've visited recently has a rate structure that offers discount admissions to seniors and military (active or retired/and family).  This museum is providing a slap in the fact to the seniors, many of whom attend their concerts and activities (I saw more seniors today than under-55s), and certainly an insult to the military who are defending and have defended this country.3.  The food in the cafe is TOO DARNED EXPENSIVE.  Another reviewer mentioned the $8.00 hot dog which arrived cold in the middle with half a bun.  I didn't have that experience, but I find $15.00 too much to pay for a grilled chicken sandwich with fries and a bottled soft drink.  I did turn in a comment card about the ADA and the admission rates.  I'd bet my last dollar that nothing is done to correct or modify their policies, as the manager on duty didn't seem too concerned about MY concerns.The museum is lovely; too bad the experience wasn't.
5	My best museum experience in distant memory! Allow yourself two days to see it all or show up at opening; we only got through Europe, North America, and Latin America with a break for lunch. Most innovative are the video displays that show how the instruments sound and are performed, and in their cultural settings. Most videos are about a minute or so, not too long but very informative and fascinating. The audio can be wobbly at times; I'll be at one display and hearing the audio from another and I would have to adjust my position. A minor quibble. If you love music and have a global sensibility, visiting the MIM will be worth your every admission dollar.
5	Brilliant, really cool museum with exhibits from every part of the world. Wish I had more time to explore, it was a pleasant surprise :)
5	I've been to concerts here a few times - this is the best venue for small concerts in the Valley. The acoustics are perfect and there is not a bad seat in the house. It's a small venue so you can see the artists up close - it's very intimate.
4	This place is huge!  There are so many exhibits that you probably would need to allocate a few hours for your visit if you don't want to feel rushed.  It seems like a lot of thought and effort went into creating this museum.  Being able to listen to instruments from countries all around the world in one setting through the headsets provided is such a great concept.  The visual displays are quite detailed as well.  I liked being able to move around from exhibit to exhibit at my own pace and in any order that I wanted.  When I visited, there were some exhibits that were still works in progress and not yet completed.  The museum is located a short distance off the freeway and there's plenty of parking available in their large lot.
5	Incredibly intimate concert venue! Came to MIM to see Rickie Lee Jones and was so impressed with MIM. The building is large and modern and the actual concert hall is set up so there is not one single bad seat in the house. The sound quality is out of this world of course it doesn't hurt that we were listening to the incredible Rickie.I'll keep this place in mind and watch their calendar of shows because it's just that great that I would definitely travel up from Tucson again to catch another great artist.
4	Wow, what an amazing place!Had family in town, and wanted to do something different.A friend suggested the MIM. Knowing a co-worker takes her kids all the time, I thought I would give it a try!Initially I was a little hesitant. It is expensive, and besides, how many musical instruments can you see, right!Well, I was stunned. Three hours and we barely scratched the surface.We also attended a small concert, in the auditorium. Great sound; wonderful atmosphere and excellent music.In all, a great evening!We will be attending more of their concerts for sure!
5	I have been a musician now for over 20 years, and have traveled the world and seen some pretty cool instruments, played in early music ensembles and seen even more cool instruments, but even I was completely taken aback (in a good way) by the sheer number and variety of instruments the MIM has. The organization of the instruments borders on OCD, I think every country on the planet is represented in the MIM with it's own section. It is as much a geography/history lesson as it is a music lesson. I started in Africa, and an hour and a half later realized I still had the rest of the world, and only one day, so sped up my pace a bit. The automated audio files that go along with the videos at most stations are great. They also have a unique little cafe, which serves a lot of local fare. Don't be afraid to wander down the line and see what they have, rather than just getting the pre-made sandwiches.
5	What a wonderful surprise. Don't go unless you are rested, 'cause there is so much to see and hear. Do part of it, have a snack and regroup to finish it.  Don't miss this one, it is worth every penny. Also went to the musical concert, and the theater is great, every seat a good one. If  l lived in Scottsdale, I'd be to as many as I could get to. Also, if I lived in Scottsdale, I would make sure any visitors I had were taken here.
5	Great venue to see a concert!!!I have never been to MIM ....heard great things about the actual museum, but did not realized they had a concert hall.  I am a new fan of Spencer Day...just happen to look on his website and holy moly coming to PHX.  I would not of pick a better venue to see him or any intimate concert.  The whole setup of the concert hall is awesome.  Every seat in the house is a great seat and the acoustics in the hall is unbelievable.  Spencer had a 3 piece band including a drummer and the quality of the sound was amazing. One last final touch....Spencer came out after the concert to sign his CD's and talked with everyone who waited for him.  Having the MIM sponsor such an event was great.  I will come back and check out the museum.  This will be one of my favorite concert venues in the future.  I would recommend signing up for their concert info hopefully one of your favorite artist will perform and you too can have a great experience.
5	The only problem with this museum is there wasn't enough time to see everything.  The exhibits are incredible.  My audio gizmo kept dying so I had to get a new one to enjoy the audio exhibits.  Make sure to go to the hands-on area where you get to play many different instruments.
5	Fantastic museum. You can spend all day here reading about and looking at all the instruments from around the world. It's very cool that you get personal listening sets that automatically tune you in to the video screen that plays a sample of the instruments that are played in front of you. This makes this a great place to go by yourself, if you so choose. (Small groups would be ok, too). I didn't realize how large this place was, so initially I was reading and checking everything out in the Africa section... then by the time I got to the Asian and European sections, I started skimming.  It's a lot to take in in one day. So you should go see what you're most interested in first so you have the energy to pay attention to that... then skim when you're running low on learning energy. They also have a little room where you can try out some of the instruments, like guitars, harps, drums, gongs, xylophones, etc. So pretty cool.
5	A cultural gem in the desert.  It seems like this very large museum came out of nowhere and suddenly appeared like a Phoenix rising out of the ashes.  There is virtually every kind of musical instrument imaginable in its vast collection, from ancient and prmitive to the most modern electronics.In addition to the continental organization there is also a section featuring historic and modern artists like Elvis, Eric Clapton and Taylor Swift.  Each exhibit contains video snippets of either the artist performing or the subject instrument being played.One of my favorites was the Steinway piano exhibit which has a video that follows the construction of a piano from cabinet to soundboard and everything in between.  Martin guitars has a similar video at its exhibit.  Whether its a screaming electric guitar or an ancient reed flute you are seeking, you will find it here at the MIM.  As so many other reviewers have mentioned, it's a large collection and will take you the better part of a half a day or more to fully see and hear it all.  We took about three and a half hours and we skimmed through parts of it that were of less interest to us.It is a bit pricey but that's understandable when you consider what the cost must have been to bring these exhibits together not to mention the state of the art architecture and building.  It cost us about $64 for two adults and two teens.  Parking is free.
4	I've visited the museum twice now, once when it first opened and again a few days ago, I like it. While it is true that a lot of the exhibits have pretty similar takes on different instruments, that kind of seems like the point to me. If one country made a trumpet out of antlers, another out of wood, and another out of brass, it's pretty cool to be able to see and compare each of them. The technology for the headsets works very well and is pretty genius, just walk up to whatever you're interested in and it plays for you, I didn't even have to strain my finger pushing a dumb button! My only wish is that the play room would be expanded a little bit, the theremin is fun to mess with, but that's really the only unique instrument available. And I wish there were a few more modern exhibits, something involving The Rat Pack or death metal or whatever... Taylor Swift is cool and all, but it would be nice to have more. And no student or military discount is ridiculous, that alone will keep me from ever giving the Musical Instrument Museum five stars... but everyone should see this place, it's huge, beautiful, and clean, minor issues aside it's a great way to spend an afternoon.
4	The MIM is fantastic!!! My advice is give yourself plenty of time to see everything or plan to come back. I was there for four hours and wasn't able to get to like 2/3's of the exhibits. There is soo much to see and do and you have to fight the urge to touch some of the exhibits on display. Don't worry, there is an area where you can actually play the instruments. If you are parched and need sustenance, the Cafe is top notch. I had a hamburger there and I swear it was the best burger I have had for quite while (and I love burgers). I cannot wait to return and see the sections I missed and to catch some of the visiting artist. I also would not recommend this place if you have kids under maybe 7ish. Many of the areas require you to use headphones to listen to the exhibit and to be patient with the listening device.
5	Great museum. It really exceeded our expectations. We were there 3 hours and could have been there easily two more. Our five year old loved hearing all of the types of music and I was fascinated by the instruments. It is very clean an the displays are out together well.   The experimentation area is great. Even we got to play some instruments. This is a must visit!
4	This is a vast museum for music buffs.  The museum is divided by instrument types, and also by countries from around the world, so you will want to target what you want to see if you don't have a lot of time to view everything.  You can spend a whole day there which may justify the higher admission price, thus why I am giving it a 4 star versus 5 star review.  The place is immaculate.  The headphone set which voiced information as you passed specific exhibits was a neat feauture to roam with .  When you want to get your inner musician on, you can go the activity room to jam on drums, gong cymbals, strum the guitar, or pluck the harp and test your vibrations on the voice machine.  The concert hall has exquisite acoustics, and as there is not a bad seat in the house.  MIM showcases names like Doc Severinson, Spencer Day, Ottmar Liebert all well-known but kind of 'under the radar' but outstanding artists who are heard better in this smaller and more intimate venue.  Prices for the tickets are hard to beat for these special performers.
4	Very nice, but I'd like to see less Taylor Swift and more real American music history. The exhibits from other countries are marvelous. The wireless headsets were fantastic. The interactive room made me feel like a kid again, but I would love to just see less Taylor Swift and more Charlie Parker/Freddie Mercury.
5	A world class museum right in N Phoenix. The place for world class concerts, outstanding food and great displays. 2 hours here is barely enough to scratch the surface. Having Rock Hall of Fame touring exhibits now will really bring the museum to another level.
5	I am by no means a musically inclined person. Sure, I love music, but I don't play any instruments...but I have to say this is one of the best museums I have ever been to....and I've been to the Louvre, the Uffizi, SFMoMa, Field museum, Smithsonian,etc. I was really blown away by this place. Each section of the museum really has something great to offer. Loved the interactive room where you could touch and play with instruments, the display of organs and the hall of fame type section was really informative. But, the really great part was the history and sounds and set up for the music from around the world. All of the other reviews are right, you need a half day plus here. We went towards the end of the day and only spent 2 hours. I could easily come back and spend another 3 or 4. The overall layout is great, the offerings impressive and the building is very modern and bright.
5	My wife and I stayed as long as we could, at least half a day.  Will have to go back another 3 or 4 times.  So much to take in!WOW!It was incredible to see and learn so much about world music.  It was an incredible lesson in geography as well.I loved walking up to a display and have it start playing in your headset.  Headsets included with the cost of admission.  (Sure wish other museums would do this.  You miss out on so much by not getting the audio).I highly recommend this.  (Good air conditioning as well).  Just a note*:  The cafe was pretty slow,  They try to make coffee drinks which takes a lot of time and doesn't allow someone else to just purchase an item.  You've got to wait until the 3 or 4 cappuccinos are finished in front of you.  They had just one person behind the counter.
4	This is a must visit place. We enjoyed everything about it, except the Cafe. Wish we had eaten before we went. the food was mediocre at best, and very over priced. We will return, but will eat before we go.
4	This is a wonderful museum, one that you could spend all day in if you let yourself get carried away.  There is plenty to see and hear, more than one day's worth. We came a few years ago, and pushed ourselves until our feet couldn't take anymore. Room after room, representing each continent, its countries and cultures, each display reminding us of how music is universal.  Modern and ancient, you will discover how creative mankind is in making beautiful sounds and rhythms. You can go as fast, or as slow as you like.  This is self guided.  Your headphones will pick up the music of each display as you approach.Well worth a trip. But bring a snack along, as you may lose track of time and find yourself missing a meal.
5	I went here today for the Women Who Rock exhibit, and it was amazing. I would highly recommend it to anyone in the Phoenix area! They had all of the badass women musician greats who have shaped music into what it is today. It also had glass cases of their outfits on display, as well as instruments, informational videos, and thorough histories. How can you beat that? It was awesome and totally inspiring. They also had free shows that you could attend with the entrance fee. The band we saw was sooo good and I had never heard of them before. So for $10 only, my mom and I got a good dose of women's music history, a live band, and a lasting feeling of women's empowerment.
5	State of the art museum, very big. Even if you're not a music fan you will love this museum. State of the art with eat display syncing to your listening device. Great for all ages. Fully recommended to everyone.
5	I unfortunately have not been able to go thru the museum yet, which I hear is amazing. I did attend one of the concerts of women who rock, very intimate and beautiful venue. Would highly recommend this place, if you have not been make sure to go here sometime! We are lucky to have this place in Phoenix
5	My wife really loved this museum.    We went in there thinking we'd just spend a few hours there but we ended up spending 4.5 to 5 hours there and lost all track of time.   It takes a while to get through everything, but their use of headphones that automatically played music clips near the exhibit that you were at was excellent.Would suggest any visitor to Scottsdale to check this place out!
5	From a professional musician and a novice music historian: amazing! Very well laid out. The museum gives you a unique experience. It's every bit as lovely as a trip to the Museum of Fine Art in Boston or the MET in NYC. Just not quite as large (which is absolutely fine! It doesn't need to be bigger). I was impressed with the vast collection, the earphone self-guided tour, and the layout that literally takes you on a journey around the world. Can't wait till I am in Phoenix again to come back.
4	Though I've been to the museum previously, I just went for the Women Who Rock exhibit.The exhibit was wonderful, and the pieces were laid out well.The museum provided a complimentary photo booth, which my children enjoyed.The price of admission dictates infrequent visits, but I have always enjoyed going, and will return.
5	Got there at opening expecting to walk around.  They pretty much had to kick us out at five and we never even had lunch.  took in Women who Rock and quite a bit of the rest, but never got through the whole second floor  because there was just so much to see.  Truly exceptional collection and just an outstanding facility.  I especially enjoyed the giant mechanical orchestra they played for us and the very interesting artist gallery.  Wish I did not live so far away, but I will do a "make up" visit asap.  A bit pricey-tickets were $25 each with the "women" special exhibit-but well worth it.
5	First time visiting this place and did so to see Johnette Napolitano (Lead in Concrete Blond) sing during the month of Women in Rock promotion.  The aprking is free & we arrived early so decided to walk around the museum until they opened the concert hall for seating. There is some COOOL stuff in this place I have to say - instruments from all over the world, some new, old, weird, and starstruck like Lady Gaga's piano from when she was a kid.  If it wasn't glass encased I probably would have put my hands all over it!! We didn't even get through an 1/8th of whats here.  I visited the gift shop - oh it's a kids hands on extravaganza!!!  Yes I touched all the instruments I could play with while I was in there - and also bought some pretty jewelry too!!!  I couldn't resist.  Now for the concert - we were in row 3, very good seats and the theater is small which I love - seating is super clean & comfy too.  There really is not a bad seat in the house.  They do not allow anything but water in the theater but sell cocktails at a bar right outside the theater before they open the doors.  Once Johnette took the stage - oh boy! She has a powerful voice and the acoustics in this theater are AAAAAMAZING!!  When she sang - I felt it through my skin and it was more powerful than the last few times I've seen her sing.  The theater for sure compliments the sound coming from the performer.  I definitely will be back to see all the amazing things in this place - it's totally a gem!
5	Great place for a little over weekend get away, there you see multi culture music and very relexing atemsphare.  The music and the tourist number is just right, not too crouded.  Thumb up MIM!
5	Awesome place to visit on a day off! You don't need a music background to appreciate the diverse musical attributes in this museum. I could have easily spent the entire day here, unfortunately we only had about 3 hours to see everything and it just wasn't enough. I would definitely come back to spend ample time in each corner of the museum. So many interesting things to look at and appreciate!
5	What is THIS doing here?   No offense to Phoenix, but a museum of this scale you would expect to find in New York, DC, Chicago, or LA.  I know I've offended Phoenixinians everywhere, sorry - there's no way around it.  I just wasn't expecting to find such an amazing museum in the middle of the desert.  This is like the size of a Costco, but 2 stories!  It took me an hour and half just to get through Africa.  There's no way to really experience this place in a day.  Not if you are going to truly listen to all the samples of each country.  Of course, I'm a professional musician, so perhaps I'm going to be more detailed about it than most who were just kind of browsing each country.So here's the set up.  Each continent has it's own large separate room.  In each room, every country in that continent is represented with it's own 10' display of various native instruments.  You are given headphones when you first walk in.  On the display there are TVs showing field recordings made by musicologists.  Your headphones are triggered to start playing when you are standing directly in front of the TV.  This worked almost perfectly every time.  No number code to put in to listen to samples.  Just walk around and the music will start to play automatically as you are looking at the display, fading in and out as you walk from country to country.  I found the audio/ video presentations even more interesting than the instruments themselves.  Although it was interesting to look close up at an instrument to reinforce what you were watching.  Some videos are native dances and rituals that go along with specific types of music and the instruments involved.  Some videos were local people for whom playing on these instruments is a daily occurrence, no different than any other routine.  And other videos were professional musicians performing in concert hall settings.  You could easily spend 10 minutes or more - reading, looking, and listening at each country.  There were maps with the location of each country, just in case you aren't that up on your geography.  This is helpful when comparing musical characteristics between neighboring countries, or knowing a little about the materials available to make these instruments.After throughly doing Africa and the Middle East, I was curious to see what the museum would do with a musical subject I am more familiar with, so I headed over to North America.  There were sections on tribal music of Native Americans by region. Band music and instruments invented for military marching bands and how that tradition became associated with American patriotism.  Of course many styles of American influenced music were covered, jazz, blues, bluegrass, Appalachian, Country, Rock and Roll, even Hip Hop was lightly discussed.  Of course, you could create an entire room for each one of these genres of music, but I felt it was well done with the space they had.  They had some specific instruments on loan from the Smithsonian, such as Benny Goodman's clarinet and Louis Armstrong's first trumpet he learned on as a child.  Time was running out for me on this visit, so I just quickly walked around to see what I would have to come back for the next time I'm in Phoenix.  Down stairs they have displays for specific artists, such as John Lennon's piano, and Steve Vai's guitars.  They also give live performances and demonstrations throughout the day of various instruments featured at the museum.  They have a concert hall featuring an eclectic calendar of events of which you can purchase tickets.  I walked back to my car totally blown away by this museum and disappointed I wasn't able to spend more time there.  If you are a music lover, this museum alone is worth making a trip to Phoenix for.
5	I took my music-freak husband here for his birthday. Needless to say, he was very happy. But, I felt like a bad wife since I didn't realize how much time should be given to this museum! We spent 6 hours here and he didn't get to enjoy the live experience and we had to rush through the Europe and N. American exhibits. Word to the wise, if you want to get your money's worth give yourself 8 hours, wear comfortable shoes (seriously, don't neglect to do this), and leave the kids at home. All the young kids we saw were miserable. You might want to give some thought to the route you take as well--we didn't, and we should have. We started in Africa and ended in Europe. Should have been the other way around for us...you can only see so many instruments made out of trash findings before you get the musical inclinations of tribal Africa... And, beware of the elderly not realizing how headphones work. It was pretty entertaining to see many older people yelling at each other because they are talking over what is in their ear! I heard plenty of awkward interjections as we strolled along each exhibit. Hilarious!
5	This is an amazing museum! It's a bit on the pricy side, but this is because you are required to rent the audio player. There isn't getting around this, because the entire museum is set up to use it. You approach an exhibit and then music from the instruments featured there start play. The audio syncs up perfectly with any visual components (video) that is playing there as well. The museum is laid out into geographical areas as well as musical concepts. The geographical areas highlight specific instruments and musical genres from that area. The most interesting thing going through these areas is to see the similarities and differences as say, the lute, a stringed instrument similar to a guitar, changes as you go from South Africa, up through the Middle East, and into Europe. It seems like every civilization had an instrument like that. The museum has an excellent collection of mechanical semi-autonomous instruments, including a giant automated bandstand. It plays on a schedule (I think it's a couple times a day) and well worth diverting from wherever you are in order to listen to it. Amazing. We paid for the special exhibit, but if it's your first time, or you don't absolutely need to see what's in there, I would recommend you skip it. There are HOURS worth of content and you won't have time to see it all. Look at all the other reviews saying you need the entire day at this place, they weren't kidding! I can't wait to go back...
5	The Musical Instrument Museum (MIM) was suggested by one of the friends I was traveling with to Phoenix & quite honestly not somewhere I was very excited to go. I couldn't have been more wrong. It's an AMAZING place where you literally traveled the globe from a musical instrument perspective. Each gallery is set up by a continent or geographical region. It is a little pricey, but the ticket price includes an audio headset which detects the music of the country whose display you're observing.    We began on the 2nd floor in Africa and were amazed at all the different countries and the various types of instruments they all had..made from just about anything you could imagine. We progressed to the Middle East which was of special interest since our background is Lebanese.  Onward we went to the vast gallery that was Asia with all it's bright colors.  By now we were all getting tired...MIM is HUGE...you need to allow a full day with a lunch break at their global cafe.  That's what I'll likely do next time. For this initial visit I also saw Oceania, Latin/South America and then I was pretty much done. I did see a few things in the USA/Canada gallery-- of note the Steinway piano display was fascinating. I never made it to Europe or to the interactive gallery.  I look forward eagerly to returning & have been recommending it to everyone!
4	MIM is a must! If you are someone who moderately enjoys museums, this is for you! It's probably the most approachable museum I've ever been to. The only issue is that it's a bit more expensive than the other museums so if you are bringing a friend, it's $50 with the special exhibit.
4	Very imaginative and interesting museum, and helpful/welcoming staff. Returned today after my first visit of 2-3 years ago, and enjoyed both the improved permanent exhibits, and the temporary exhibit on female musicians. Allow at least 3 hours for your visit- there is a lot to see, hear, and try (including trying your hand at playing drums and other simple instruments).
5	I have nothing but good things to say about this place. I came here for the first time with my mom around 3 and I definitely had an awesome time. The museum is very easy to find and there is tons of parking. I definitely recommend going during the weekday since parking will be easier to find and it won't be as crowded as the weekends i'm sure are. For two people it was $35 for just the general admission. The museum is literally so so big inside and there is so much stuff to see so I recommend giving yourself a good 1-2 hours just to look around there is that much stuff. The museum itself is really nice and modern inside and super bright and airy. It is not freezing like other museums which I liked. The git shop inside looked huge and am glad they have one because the stuff inside looked cool. They also have a cafe inside and a huge outdoor area before you walk in to just hang out at or to eat something from the cafe at. We finished looking at everything so purse the tickets to the Women Who Rock area which was $14 for us two. It was super cool inside and am so glad we got to go before it ended. Overall I loved my visit here, the prices were surprisingly cheap for a museum, all the stuff inside was so beautifully shown and everything was amazing. I definitely recommend coming here if you area a local or just visiting Arizona!
5	i used to love museums, then just got tired of driving somewhere to go indoors to appreciate things. i haven't been to one in probably over a year. i did not want to go to this museum, either, but someone drug me to it. on my way there, i felt i was coming down with something like the flu and just wanted to go home and remain in the fetal position all day.i walked out of the museum feeling enthusiastic and refreshed, and that flu feeling was gone. i guess music is a cure, even if it comes in small sound bites, sappy but true.three hours wasn't enough time to cover everything, for me at least... 5 hours might be enough time to take in almost everything there.
5	Very cool place!! My husband is a music junkie, has been his whole life.  He plays instruments and is in a band, so I thought surprising him on his birthday with a visit here would be a great idea and it was, he LOVED it!!! It was like taking a kid to Disneyland for the first time! As we were walking through the exhibits, I was thinking to myself, how is it that Phoenix has something so amazing!  (now do get all upset, I am born and raised here, a true Phoenician).Everything is broken up into sections/rooms depending on geographical location.  They give you a headset to wear and as you walk up to the exhibits, there is music that plays to give an example of what you are looking at! Most of them have a television screen that shows clips of how things are made, dancing, concerts or people playing musical instruments from all around the world. Very cool!  We got there later in the day and stayed until closing, unfortunately we were rushed towards the end and wanted to still at least "see" everything so we just walked real fast through the last part of it.  The place is huge and you need pretty much the whole day so you can take your time and soak it all in. You can take photos, with no flash.  They have a room that you can actually play some instruments, including a theremin. They also offer events you can bring your children to for hands on participating, even for children under 18 months!! We will be taking our 9 month old back in a couple weeks - will update on that!They usually have other exhibits, for example, Women Who Rock, that will be an extra charge to look at, we did not do that since we figured we would run out of time anyways.  It was $18.00 per person just for the main museum, including the headsets.  Not bad.  They have a cafe there that has snacks, lunch, drinks - even beer and wine (closes at 2pm).  We decided to eat there before we walked around, the prices are very high, but the food is all local and was very good!!! My husband and I shared a hamburger (grass fed) and fries since we had dinner plans for later, VERY GOOD!!  The only complaint was that we waited,what seemed to be forever for the burger, but it was well worth it.  This is a true gem! If you love music and have not visited, what are you waiting for?! get down there and spend the day, you will enjoy it!  (And from what I hear, they switch out exhibits with other instruments they have in a warehouse from time to time).
5	This place is soooo cool, and I don't even play an instrument!You don't need to know anything about music to check this place out, even if you did, it might not help you. They literally have instruments and demonstrations from literally around the globe. Its truly a mind blowing compilation, and a great learning experience, in fact, its just a great human experience. Getting to see and hear, yes HEAR, music from every place on earth. Really Really Really neat!
5	We toured the galleries for 5 hours and still was not enough. We didn't even get a chance to visit Oceania. I recommend getting the two day pass for $27 and spending a whole weekend over there, I promise you won't get tired of this spectacular museum! Also, I would suggest to keep track of the MIM's Concert Series, they host wonderful and virtuoso artists from all over the globe.If you want to read more about my visit and thoughts on the MIM, I have a full article in my blog: http://lagamio.com/2014/03/26/musical-instrument-museum/
5	I loved this place and I highly recommend it to anyone.  I went on a work event, my company had rented out the entire building for the night but I showed up with my friend as my date.We dressed totally casual in jeans which you're allowed to dress casual, but I've also seen couples dressed up there.  They appeared to be on date night which is a great idea to take someone there.I love the personal headphones and that you're able to read and listen to history on music in other countries and cultures.  It's fascinating to see how old some of these instruments are and to see the things they are made from.Music is the one universal language on our planet.  And based off some of the instruments I saw and their age and country orientation, it's even more fascinating to know that people living on other continents, some never meeting others, created similar instruments and music themselves.If you're a music love and a music junkie like me, this place you have to go see.  Take a date, a friend, or the family, but go check it out.
4	This is a destination museum. We want to go to Phoenix for the sunshine, baseball, golf etc. etc. but I would definitely recommend this right up there with great things to do. This museum is a rare gem that is definitely worth taking time to visit, even if you don't think that you like music.  I think anyone would connect with this experience
5	I love music and this museum was the best!  I will definitely recommend this place to my friends and family. It was very well organized, interesting, and informative. I do plan to return.
5	I'm not sure what else can be said about MIM that had not already been said by others. If you're into music you have to come by if you're in the Phx area. It is $18 for adults, but they give this really cool audio guide to use while there which helps a lot. The museum itself is very large and ultra modern. Make sure and visit the artist gallery on the first floor. Also jam with others in the Experience Gallery too.
4	This is a fun museum! They have so much music history, when you stand in front of different countries they play the music.
5	Completely, utterly wonderful way to spend the day.  What took me so long to visit?
5	Best museum in the world. Obviously that's an overstatement, but still it's pretty rad.
5	One of a kind, must see museum in Phoenix.  What I loved was that I learned so much about instruments that came from different countries.  And because of the earphones/receiver that you wear, as you go from spot to spot, you get to hear the different instruments.  And if you ever wondered what goes into making a piano, they have one disassembled hanging on a wall.  And a Martin guitar workshop showing how those beautiful quality instruments are made.  Listen to the cathedral in the National Cathedral, and amazing coliappes and other rarely seen instruments.  I was there for just a few hours, but could spend so much more time really enjoying the different exhibits.
5	I was very skeptical of this place after my aunt suggested it.  Don't get me wrong - I love music, but how interesting can a museum full of instruments be?  Sure there are a thousand different ways to make music, but most of them I don't really care about, right?  And how do you convey the knowledge of sound and music to someone through an exhibit in a museum?Well... this place is awesome.  They give you a headset (which is clean), and a receiver, and as you walk up to each exhibit it plays you a clip or 4 that pertain to that particular instrument, artist, or exhibit.  Usually there is a bit playing on a TV that goes along with it, so over the course of an hour, you're watching 20 different clips about tribal dances, Alice Cooper, how pianos are made - whatever.  It works really well, so it quickly becomes very seamless and immersive to experience each exhibit.This is a great place to take a 6-year-old, because it has a room where they can play, hands-on, with a variety of drums, xylophones, mechanical pianos, etc., but the main part of the museum is entertaining enough that a child seeking knowledge can entertain themselves for hours.Speaking of hours, I think this is the kind of place you honestly need 2 days to fully explore.  Again, I was skeptical when people told me that, but it's true - unless you just walk through and ignore the clips playing, you're looking at spending two 4-hour days to get through the bulk of it.
4	Took my family here in order to try to stay cool in the hot heat of the Arizona summer. My sister is a music major and I'm sure she would give it 10 stars if she could. I on the other hand am not musically inclined at all - I love to listen to music, but I don't have an ounce of talent in my body ..having said that I did really enjoy it.The headsets were clean and easy to use and it was cool that all you had to do was walk up to an exhibit in order for the appropriate information to begin. There was some reading to do and lots of standing in one spot so I would recommend bringing comfortable shoes. I only wish that the exhibits had something that translated or said the instrument name in it's native tongue- I have butchered the names of waaaay too many instruments and don't have a clue if I was remotely correct. It was a great afternoon although you are not able to bring food or drink into the exhibits, but they do have a little cafeteria --beware it is kind of expensive (bought an apple fritter and a naked juice for $10). Probably not the best place for kids- sorry! They don't have a long enough attention span to make it worth going. Will definitely take more out of towners there again!
5	The MIM is one of the best museums in Arizona!The MUSEUM:It is a little pricey, but if you save up for it and spend the day there... It is beyond worth your money. You truly can spend the day there. Especially if it's your first time, I promise you will not see everything--Even if you go from open to close. The place is HUGE. It is amazing and inspiring. My husband is the musical one of us two and it is his favorite museum we've ever been to. It is filled with instruments of all shapes, sizes, and kinds from all over the globe--You've never even heard of most of them. There are even colorful ethnic costumes and ritual objects from every culture imaginable. It is truly amazing; a great cultural experience for all ages. There is even a hands-on room where you can test out many of those very instruments for yourself!You get to hear hundreds of music samples using the provided headset. You can even bring and use your own headphones if you have a 'thing' about germs, even though they do clean them well.The whole place is totally spotless and the exhibits are obviously meticulously cared for. The whole place is kept at a nice cool temperature that makes you forget you're in Arizona until you walk outside again and start to fry.There are elevators and the exhibit rooms are cavernous, so navigating wheelchairs or strollers in here is absolutely no issue. However, if you aren't that fit or have small kids with you, you will need to take plenty of breaks to sit and rest, which there are plenty of places to do so. Visiting the MIM means hours of walking, so if you or your kids can't handle walking for a long time, I don't recommend it. I recommend bringing water bottles as well.It is so big, you will definitely need to have a plan to eat while you're there, so...The FOOD:We don't go to the cafe because it is a bit too pricey for us, but you are allowed to leave and come back during the same day, provided you keep and show them your receipt upon reentry. This way, you can either a) pack a lunch and eat it out at your car or b) Take the 3-minute drive to Desert Ridge Marketplace and choose from any of the restaurants there. We have done both, and had no trouble getting back in afterwards.The SOUVENIR SHOP:The first time, we were here right up until it closed, still trying to see as much as we could and rushing around toward the end. I was a bit worried we wouldn't get to see the souvenir shop (This tends to be one of my favorite parts), but they stay open a half hour after the museum closes so you still have a chance to look around. It is awesome, filled with everything from unique and expensive hand-crafted musical instruments to cook- and bake-ware with musical themes. They have pencils, t-shirts, Christmas ornaments, music boxes, kid's instruments and activity books and if you will want to buy one of everything, but again, they are pricey, so find that one special thing you can't do without :-)If you need to find a present for the musical person in your life, you can find it at the MIM store, which you can go into without buying a ticket. MIM gift cards make a great present for someone you want to experience the MIM but need help affording it. It is wonderful.I highly recommend the MIM to anyone who is remotely interested in music, and even anyone who isn't particularly interested in music at all--you will be once the MIM is through with youIf not, the cultural aspect is fascinating. Don't think about it any more, go do it! You won't regret it.
5	The musical instrument museum is spectacular. There are so many exhibits to see, instruments to play and videos to listen to.When you walk in the hall is quite tall and a bit cool (probably to keep the instruments at a certain temperature) I suggest bringing a light sweater. The prices are well worth it as general admission is $20, teens (13-19) $14, and children 3+ are $10. There is also a two day pass options that seemed quite cost effective as well if you live closer to the location. The admission comes with a headset that allows you to listen to all the videos playing at the exhibits. Each exhibit has interestingly crafted lutes, guitars, flutes, pipes etc. and they all have descriptions about the culture. The videos are especially nice because they show how the instrument is played as well as a general idea of how it sounds. The instrument construction sections are pretty cool as well. There is an experience section so you can play the instruments and a gift shop to bring home the fun. Overall I enjoyed the experience of all the cultures through music.
5	Excellent display of music from around the world. In my opinion, this is the best museum that I've been to in Arizona.  If you go plan to spend a day. Musical instruments are represented from every country in the world. Through the use of headsets you can listen to close-proximity wifi explaining many of the instruments OR giving examples of them in use. Even if you aren't that into music (I am not) you can still be amazed by the fine artistry and ingenuity of people from just about anywhere as they seek to make a pleasing noise. Best museum, kind of out-of-place,  in Phoenix.
5	I love it. A great place to go for the music lovers. If you bring small children definitely plan on going to one exhibit and making an immediate B-line for the interactive exhibit. I could easily spend the whole day here. Its a little pricey, but its worth it if you appreciate music.
4	Prior expectations, even lofty ones, couldn't completely anticipate the Musical Instrument Museum experience.  This is an absolutely remarkable example of museum curating; interesting at every turn, relevant and just flat-out fun.  The Musical Instrument Museum is a worthy affiliate of the Smithsonian Museum system.The first floor presents a wide-ranging survey of curious, as well as familiar, instruments.  Complimentary headsets are provided, complete with proximity sensors which let you hear each instrument in use as you view accompanying displays and video tracks.  It is, however, on the second floor where the world of musical instruments becomes a captivating journey through the countries and cultures of the world.  The presentation is one of remarkable depth, often providing separate display areas for religious, popular and cultural variations.  As we walked through the area where Burmese instruments and cultural artifacts were displayed, I was captivated by a mother's narrative to her young children of the music and folklore of their predecessors.  The mother's descriptions, and her children's reaction to their discovery of their cultural heritage, were truly touching.  I wasn't consciously trying to overhear her discussion, but found myself unable to wander beyond earshot.Also on the second floor is a large and well-guided room where hands-on exploration of many instruments is invited.  Another area offered displays of many notable (and several lesser known) musicians.Only minor demerits for the museum's undue favoritism toward its corporate sponsors (yes, Gibson also made some impressive guitars), and for a bit of inaccurate blending of cultures which happen to co-exist within geographic borders.  In context, these are minor complaints, as the Musical Instrument Museum is a magical place, and worth every penny of the $18 ticket price.
5	I visited in August, 2014.   Really enjoyed my visit.  PROS:  Very culturally interesting.  Not just for music lovers.  I learned about different cultures all over the globe and the geography of these different places.  It was fun to learn and hear all the different instruments.   You can easily spend  3 hours here.  CONS:  None that I can think of.  Highly recommend a visit.
5	This museum is larger than I could have ever fathomed. Tons of instruments from all over the world and various time periods. Fascinating facts and stories, interactive displays, and helpful staff who are obviously passionate about the place. This is a must see for anyone visiting the Phoenix area.
5	If you have any appreciation for music, this museum is a "must-see." As a self-proclaimed former band geek, I was in heaven. I arrived at 11:00am and didn't leave until the museum closed at 5:00pm. There are instruments and exhibits representing nearly every part of the planet. The museum does an incredible job at showcasing just how diverse the world's cultures are while still proving that we are all linked through the wonders of music.My only nit-pick is the wireless headphone system that is used throughout the galleries. Maybe my wireless receiver was low on batteries, but I had to awkwardly wave it through the air to pick up the signal for the exhibit I was standing directly in front of.Don't forget to check out the Artist's Gallery on the bottom floor which currently features some Elvis memorabilia.
5	Super cool museum for music lovers. Even for just American instruments it's a treat. Tons of guitars, banjos, drums and more. As a guitar nerd, I was super pleased with the selection of instruments and rock and roll memorabilia on display. Audio was cool throughout too!
2	I finally got around to visiting the MIM today with my daughter. All of the glowing reviews of the building, the exhibits, the vastness are true. I take no issue with the content of the museumI was really enjoying our visit until we got to the end of it and started inquiring about membership, as it seemed like it would be practical to put our rather hefty ticket prices toward joining as a family. I have memberships at the Phoenix Art Museum ($90 for a family, with unlimited visits and other perks), the Science Center ($115/family), the Heard ($75/Family) and SMOCA (don't have the number handy, but it's on par with the others) and was expecting the MIM to have something in those ranges. Instead they offered me a $250 "donation" package that could buy either unlimited visits for 2 people (I have a family of four) or 10 tickets to be used during the year, with virtually no other benefits such as discounted concert tickets. My enthusiasm for the museum continued to decline as I looked more into the money side of things, for example:--They do not offer discounted or free admission at any point, unlike many city museums --There is no participation in the library Culture Pass program, which would at least make the museum accessible for a few families who can't otherwise afford to go--No reciprocity with other museums if you buy a membership--There are no afternoon concerts, virtually eliminating the involvement of young children and their parents in the live music opportunities there (nevermind the added cost of a babysitter if parents want to go out)--Its location requires travel by car or (I imagine) a pretty long bus ride, with no contribution to the walking/public transportation culture that Phoenix is trying to cultivateIn short, the MIM might as well hang a sign outside that says "NO POOR PEOPLE ALLOWED" because they are actively discouraging the attendance of a large percentage of its home city. I wonder if the indigenous people and the music educators and pioneers featured in the exhibits, without whom the museum would not exist, could afford to buy tickets or memberships to the museum that claims to champion their contributions to history?I am disappointed and ashamed that this lovely new addition to the Phoenix museum culture has made the decision to be so exclusive. I would love to be proven wrong, and invite anyone who knows about such things behind the scenes to explain to me how my impressions are inaccurate. I will take my $250 membership "donation" and give it to KBAQ, where anyone with access to a radio can listen to music regardless of income level.
1	Horrible. Horrible staff. Never again. I can think of ten places to take my kids other than this place. Totally not worth the money when you have to deal with people like that.
5	I adore this museum. Concerts, exhibits, a cafe. You can really make a day of it.  There is a lab where you can try all the instruments, and my daughter will not leave the museum until she's had a chance to play with everything.Gift cards make a wonderful gift for the music lover in your life. You can use them at the store, for admission or for the cafe.
5	This is a fantastic museum of musical instruments and world music. The exhibits are both informative and interactive. The attention to detail about music history and how it reflects the cultural attributes of numerous countries was truly impressive. I will return to this museusm each time that I visit the Phoenix area, which is about twice a year. I do think that a senior admission rate would encourage more seniors to attend.This is an important contribution to the limited cultural landscape of Arizona and a fine example  of the use of private money.I applaud the founder and his friends. Bravo!!
5	I didn't see the whole museum but what I did see was really nice. Beautifully laid and and the staff is friendly. Very knowledgeable
4	When you plan to visit this museum, make it a day trip! The number of instruments that they have in their collection is just that huge! Be prepared that it's going to be noisy, there's a lot of people walking around. It's an excellent place to go in groups. There's a hands on section where you can let your inner kid out and just play on some of the instruments;
5	We are pretty lucky that the former CEO of Target chose Scottsdale to build the state of the art Musical Instrument Museum. This museum is a must see regardless of if you are a music fan. The building itself is state of the art and the collection of instruments is very impressive. They have musical instruments from famous musicians, along with historical instruments that explain the history of music. They even have a room dedicated completely to children where making noise is encouraged. Besides the museum itself, MIM is also home to a state of the art theater where many musicians perform. It's a very interesting museum to visit and I also encourage you to keep an eye on their calendar for special performances.
2	This is an interesting museum.  It definitely has a great variety of musical instruments from many countries, and mostly of older eras, with musical content you hear by way of headphones.It's extremely educational, and will take most of a day to fully tour.The downside I experienced was that a large group of school children came for a tour - which is great - but they were extremely noisy and one couldn't hear the music content on the headphones.  The museum was unusable for the 1.5-2 hours the children were present.My advice is if you are planning to visit this museum, call ahead and see if there will be any groups like this when you may visit.  Plan your visit around them and you won't have a major distraction.
5	This was worth the 3 hours of my precious weekend time. I truly enjoyed every minute of it. So much to see and to hear music and instruments from all over the world made this trip worth the entry fee. 18 dollars for adults 10 for my son.
4	If you are into Musical Instrument, you must visit this museum. Nice collection of items all the way from the 19th century (if I remember correct) to present day. There is also a room dedicated to 343 firefighters who died when the towers came down. Museum is not too expensive ($8), so I recommend visiting here even if you are not that much into Musical Instrument!
5	AWESOME place! I highly recommend it and recommend spending AT LEAST 4 hours in there to get the most out. The admission is $18/adult, so I'd spend time to get your money's worth and really, there's so much to see that you can easily spend 4-5 hours. It's an interactive museum where you can listen to the instruments and dances of the different countries. They really put a lot of effort into the exhibits! The little headphones they give you will start playing music once you get close enough to an exhibit with a TV screen. We were there for about 3.5 hours and we could have spent probably another 2-3 hours in there. We had to rush a bit toward the end. Loved the Asia and Europe sections. The gift shop is also awesome- tons of different instruments for sale, lots of neat souvenirs and trinkets. I definitely learned a lot while staying engaged and not having to read a ton.
5	Great place to take out of town guests! Make sure you have a full day to see everything in the museum. Fridays are concerts! I still need to check this out!
4	Saw the Bob Corritore Harmonica blues show here last Sat night.  Great seats.  Beautiful place.  Great sound.  Small and intimate.  This was at night so didn't see the actual Museum but it looks like a nice place.Def. will see another show there again, wish you could drink in the auditorium but hey, it is what it is.I liked it.
4	A must see ! Musical Instrument Museum , spectacular views of Cave Creek, AZ! Great art and wonderful gardens. Great bookstore. A wonderful place to get a sense of location from the ocean to Cave Creek, AZ.
5	The MIM has one of the premiere concert venues in the Phoenix Area. Seating only 300 people, venue offers an intimate setting to sit and enjoy great music. I don't believe there is a bad seat in the house.
5	Musical Instrument Museum is one class act, from the parking to the exhibits and tours, to simply standing at an overlook and enjoying the views. Both the garden tour and the architecture tour are worth the time, in part because they get you outside, and in part for what you learn. The exhibits are also fun, but it's worth picking a few and not trying to see everything, because there is so much. We stuck with furnishings and paintings, rather than the rotating exhibits. At the end of our visit, my wife and I agreed that if we lived in AZ we'd be members and visit every few months. It's also free. The only charge is for parking and that's at a price that's reasonable for AZ.
5	Impossible to see the whole thing in one trip, have only seen maybe 1/3 and cannot wait to go back! Loved all the different bagpipes, had no idea they had them in countries other than Scotland! Really cool experience!
5	We were tipped off by friends to see the MIM. As a world traveler for more than 40 years, I thought I'd seen it all, but I was wrong! The approach from the outside speaks volumes... you are about to be impressed. The modern building with its open spaces is very impressive. The displays and explanations (through headsets) are wonderful. It would be easy to spend more than one day here with enough stamina (which unfortunately we don't have). In five hours we were very satisfied, and would like to return.
5	Very large museum!  Never knew there were THAT many instruments in the world.  Expensive menu in the cafeteria, unless you enjoy paying $10 for a regular burger.  Expect to spend at least 3-4 hours in the museum to see everything.
4	This place has lot to give to its customers as this one is one of the best museums in our town! But I did not like the place because I was bit skeptical about the place as my son suggested me to go here. I did not find their art to be the fantastic one! their collection is not superb and I dont know what this hype all about! people have given 5 star to this place but I am not giving them 5 because I have traveled to so many museums around the world but this is not up to the mark when you compare with them!! Sorry guys for 3 stars as this is not your mistake but Musical Instrument Museum did not made me feel to give 5 star!
