4	Varji & Varji is an upscale, trendy, and very modern salon in the South Park area (expect loud music, high energy, and uniformity). When I originally moved to Charlotte two months ago, I scheduled an appointment, but when the receptionist told me that my appointment would run me approximately $225 (for cut and color), I decided to pursue other salons. Well, since then I received a "welcome package" and a complimentary hair cut and style for Varji & Varji was included. I thought I might as well give it a try since it was a "welcome gift." I was scheduled with one of their Junior stylists, Aletha. The salon has different levels of stylists and the levels indicate the stylists' expertise. The higher the level, the higher the cost for each service. I really liked Aletha! She had great energy and a very friendly personality. She was glad that I decided to try the salon based on getting a "welcome gift" (aka. coupon). (I feel funny using coupons sometimes, but I figured they sent it to me so it was meant to be used.) I felt Aletha listened to how I like to style my hair and she continued to inform me of what she was going to do. I appreciated the good communication! I returned home and my husband said it was one of the best cuts and styles I've had. I also felt like it was a great experience! I realized that if I continued with a Junior stylist, such as Aletha, the cost would be comparable to other salons. Just remember to bring cash or check to leave a tip, they cannot include that on a credit card transaction for some reason.
5	This is an upscale, trendy hair salon & spa.  Ashley Morgan is THE BEST!  I have searched for years to find a good hair stylist and she is it!  I brought in some pictures of how I'd like my hair to be cut and she was able to use those pictures as a basis for my hairstyle.  She's a really cool chick...easy to talk to....likes to change up her hairstyle and it's always interesting to see what her next 'do is.
5	It's a tad pricey, but it is sooo worth it!!! The stylist I always go to is Ashley...not the one who was already mentioned (there are two). She is AMAZING!!! The first time I went in, my hair was a mess! She saved it! When I made the appointment on the phone, I had asked which stylist knows the popular styles for my age group (18-20ish), and they knew exactly who to send me to. I didn't know how to fully describe what style I wanted, but all I told Ashley was that I love the "side-swept bangs" that have been in style for a while now, and I wanted them to kind of cover up my forehead since I thought I had a big forehead. I also told her I usually got layers but then they would look horrible a month later. She did EXACTLY what I had always pictured I wanted my hair to look like. She even taught me the right way to style my bangs so that I could make it look [almost] as good as she did on my own. It also seemed like my hair was smoother and healthier after this visit, and the style and healthiness lasted a WHILE!! I had never been so happy with a haircut in my life. I feel sooo lucky that I finally found a hairstylist who knows what I want and does it RIGHT!! Also, I forgot to mention, I believe there are three different price levels depending on the level of experience of your stylist. Ashley is not at the top level (surprisingly! but lucky for me) so a haircut and style with her is $40. I'm not sure if she's the mid-level or bottom-level. Pretty sure mid-level.
5	WOW, can't believe there's only one review for Varji! I guess because I live in San Francisco where we yelp EVERYTHING!! I used to work at Varji before I moved to San Francisco and was so surprised that I could not find a salon here that lived up to Max and Susan's standards!! If you are looking for class, talent and over all complete satisfaction start to finish, Varji is the place for you. Max and Susan would not let anyone who isn't  talented, respectful, and knowledgeable about all things beauty and kindness, work for them! Book an appointment and you will not be disappointed with any of the services you receive!  I miss you guys and wish there was a salon half as  nice in SF!!
5	Ask for Diana. Only 35 bucks. Go to her all the time.  Definitely a perfectionist and will work up to the last minute on your hair.  On top of that she's not and awkward person.  thank goodness.
4	For a gorgeous ambiance and a great massage, I'm definitely a fan of Varji and Varji. While I haven't had any other services beyond a massage, this is definitely a splurge worthy stop!The Good: Great massage that you can tailor by pressure and areas that need extra attention (Janelle is wonderful), every staff member I encountered was very sweet and friendly, diverse menu of services, gorgeous environment and decor, relaxed spa area with plenty of drinks and snackies, discounted days and times for services! When you call to book your services, just mention that you'd be interested in learning about the days/times for the discounted services - up to 25% off!The Meh: It's not cheap! But again, you get what you pay for. While I payed for my massage with a gift card, $100 is a bit steep to shell out on a routine basis. However - read above for the discounted services. If you can find a day/time that works for you at a discount - all the better! I'm looking forward to spending the rest of my giftcard on a lovely facial very soon!
5	your spa and salon looking stops here! I was very impressed with the wonderful massage that Janelle performed and how professional Anne, nail tech was! this was by far the best experience i have ever had at a spa! i will be definitely returning! highly recommend!
5	I made an appt. at Varji & Varji after hearing great word-of-mouth and seeing several co-workers get amazing haircuts there. I called on a whim and asked if they had anything available same day...I told the receptionist that I had long, straight blonde hair and that I was looking for a change. She actually took a few minutes to look at who was available that she thought would be a good fit. I took her advice and made an appointment for a cut with Diana. I was pleasantly surprised a bit later when I walked into a gorgeous, modern salon and was met by a friendly & attentive staff. I waited maybe 5 minutes for my appointment. (but they offered me a drink right away)     Diana was very nice and I could tell she was really listening as I explained my hair and what I was hoping to do with it. (My hair is fine & boring and I've never felt like it did anything more than just lay there.) I brought her a picture for reference (which I also recommend b/c it made the whole process more simple) and she explained how she planned to tailor the look to fit my face shape/type of hair. She offered a complimentary "stress-relief" scalp massage right off the bat-- Umm, yes please! She also asked if I had any time constraints which was to me was a good sign...it told me right away that she was going to take her time and make sure that I got what I was looking for.     Diana was easy to talk to, very down-to-earth and just pleasant in general. She gave me tips on how to re-create the look at home which is always welcome information...there's nothing more frustrating than realizing you don't have any clue how to make your new haircut look right. She took her time (we talked about our mutual tendency to be anal-retentive perfectionists) and the end result was completely and totally worth it! Hands down-- best haircut I've ever had. The cost was completely on par with what I would have expected in a classy joint like V&V, but really not that unreasonable. I would much rather pay a little more and walk away as happy as I was than spend less and walk away disappointed and with the same boring haircut.    5 stars for Diana and 5 stars for the staff- overall GREAT experience. I'll be back for color in 3 weeks!
2	I tried Varji and Varji one time and I was definitely turned off by the very stark, clinical environment, unfriendly atmosphere and too cool for school stylists. (Though I did want to ask the stylists where they all got their high heeled boots and more importantly how they stood in them all day!)  The style of the cut was just OK but I felt like I needed to fix it after a couple weeks, which meant it was really overpriced!  Perhaps I went to the wrong stylist, but I went on recommendation of a friend as I couldn't get into my regular girl.  Color takes a long time so you want someone you can talk to comfortably. I am sure a ton of people love this place, but like your OBGYN, you really need to feel comfortable with your service provider as well as the space and team, so I moved on.
4	I only go here to get my eyebrows threaded.  I can't judge on any of their other services.  I love the lady who is in charge of the eyebrow threading....I think her name is Minu?  She does a fabulous job!  I won't go to anyone else but her!
4	Love this Salon! Staff is super welcoming and my stylist Alisa made me look and feel awesome!Wish she was closer to home in NYC but will definitely be back on my next visit down south.The salon also is a day spa and my hubby got a massage while I got my cut. Looking forward to trying that next time.
5	Use Shawne Scott for your hair cuts and styles. She's one of the only people I've ever trusted to cut and style my natural blonde hair. She does an amazing job and actually listens to what her clients want and need.
5	I went to see Penelope after receiving bad highlights at another salon.  She discussed my options with me and we came up with a plan for me to go back blonde.  She took the time that was needed to process my hair (I have a lot of it) and I LOVE the outcome!  My hair looks great and somehow healthy after all of the highlights that she put in.  I would definitely recommend Penelope to any of my friends!Remember:  you can only tip with cash or check!
4	I had a great experience at Varji and Varji. I was visiting my sister from out of town and am so glad I decided to get my hair cut here. Diana was absolutely wonderful. Really listened before doing anything to make sure the two of us were on the same page. I hope to come back during my next visit to Charlotte!
5	Beautiful salon, staff is super friendly & helpful! Love getting my hair cut & colored by Diana. She does an awesome job every time and I couldn't be happier when I leave here! She also helps recommend products for me to use so I always get all my Aveda products here! Definitely recommend this salon to all my friends!
3	I've gone to Varji for various services over the years--everything from haircuts to massages to pedicures. The services are almost always top-rate. The service providers are always very friendly, and they listen well. I love Homa in the nail salon area (not sure if she's still there). She's wonderful and does an amazing job. Colleen gives great massages. The salon is beautiful and the spa area is usually quiet and relaxing. Deleting 2 stars for the front desk. Every. Single. Time. I walk in there, I get attitude from the women who greet me. I don't get it. I've tried different approaches, but they're not welcoming at all. - I've gotten bored sighs when they ask me how they can help me. - I've gotten judgmental scans of what I happen to be wearing that day. - I've gotten that "I'm too busy dishing with my co-worker to greet you for 30 seconds" BS. I'm very sick of it. It makes me hesitate to walk through the door to go to my appointment. I wish I could just check in at some computerized kiosk or something. That would actually feel more welcoming.People are going in to relax, feel better, and improve their appearance. Some people are 5 minutes away from taking their clothes off for a massage or body treatment, and I don't see how being on the receiving end of surliness and judgmental looks complements one's efforts to relax and feel great. Varji & Varji needs to seriously rein in its front desk staff.
2	My biggest pet peeve is a stylist that does not do what you ask.  I asked Toni to cut my hair and put a a teeny bit of long layers in.  (I wanted it still look like a blunt cut but just needed a teeny bit of layers so it would lay better) My hair is so chopped up with layers that its ridiculous! She just did not at all do what I asked. When I said that is was very layered she said "but it looks so much better and has so much more movement."  Great, thanks but thats not what I wanted.  Layers like this require you to spend 20 minutes with the round brush and a hairdryer  to make the choppiness look good, and I have 3 young kids and never have an extra 20 minutes.  There was no point in even telling her, you can't put the hair back.  The people at the front desk are also not very friendly.
4	Went again for a massage last week. My front desk experience was better. Not leaps and bounds, 5-star better, but an improvement. I want to give credit when and where it is due, so I'm updating and adding a star. Also, the massage was out of this world!
4	When I win the lottery, I plan to steal Terra away from here and make her my personal hair stylist. As I have said before (everyone that knows me can vouch), I can barely blow dry my own hair. Pretty sure I don't even do that right.I had a wedding Saturday and my hair was way overdue for cut and color. So I figured.. why not kill two birds with one stone?This was my first visit to Varji and Varji. Very nice place. I felt fancy being there. Terra thoroughly went over with me what we wanted to do with my hair. Color, highlights, cut, etc. All of it. I was offered a selection of beverages... then got comfy in the chair.I LOVED my hair. Everything about it. The color, the way she styled it. It was gorgeous. Received a ton of compliments at the wedding.... and also at Bartender's Ball the next day. Terra did a fantastic job with the color and highlights. Terra hands down gets 5 stars. The only thing that keeps me from giving Varji 5 stars overall is price. For some people, it may not be that big of a deal. However, for me... it's just not in my price range to go to regularly. Don't worry though... like I said, I plan to win the lottery.
4	Ahhhhh what a zen like place!! Walking in this place you can tell it's nice. It's set up like a high end spa which it is. I went to see Andrea for highlights and a dead end trim. I have a ton of hair and she patiently and precisely foiled the top of my head. Hair washing is my favorite part and these chairs are super comfortable. Andrea did a wonderful blow out and styled it amazingly. I used to feel the need to wash my hair the second I got home and now I try to go for as long as I can because it looks so good!! The only icky part of this salon is the price. But hair is often expensive and you always get what you pay for. Worth a splurge every now and then, but it's not in my personal budget to shell out this kind of money every time I need a hair cut. Wonderful location and really friendly staff makes this a great place to spend a little quality time relaxing.
2	This place has no right to act as snobby as they do. I've been to better salons that have been more welcoming. Not only did the hair stylist go much darker than I asked but the aesthetician didn't impress me either. This place is not worth the money or time.
4	Great upscale beauty salon.I was visiting Charlotte and having some free time I figured I would do a haircut, Called, booked with a stylist I think her name was Shelly (maybe) and voila! A beauty salon that u can easily compared to an upscale one in NYC or LA is also in Charlotte, the Queen city, She used great hair products, my hair was rejuvenated, I left super happy with my haircut n blow dry, no pricey at all. My only complain is the front desk, when it comes to answer the phone they are terrible, I needed to call twice, both times needed to wait other than that perfect beauty salon n stylist
5	For the first time ever, I fell asleep during a massage. Colleen did a fantastic job of keeping me relaxed as she was digging out some nasty knots. Throughout the whole time I was at ease. I came out feeling more refreshed than I had been in a while. If I visit Charlotte again, this will be my first stop.
5	I am an active runner and tennis player. I have had many massages around Charlotte for years. Colleen is by far one of the best! I am a regular and they have been happy to honor competitive rates for weekly massages. Give her a try and you won't be disappointed!
1	I moved to Charlotte in June 2014 and starting seeing Arya at Varji and Varji. He did an Ok job at first (followed the lines from my previous stylist) but oddly enough the cuts just kept getting worse. Overall, I saw him 4-5 times.  Highlights caused zebra stripes ( I have short hair) and overall was not pleased despite talking with him about my reservations. Other concerns included my layers being too short, I was over-texturized and I had a straight line of layers that even he couldn't fix to make better. He's a nice guy but overall I was very unhappy with my cut and color and think the quality could have been better for the cost. I will not be going back.
