4	I love this store. They have a little bit of everything, and since they moved to a bigger location, they keep getting new stuff in. Check here for incense, jewelery, herbs, tea, books, minerals, crystals, and just about anything else you could want. They also offer tarot readings. Make sure you say hi to the cat (I think his name is Baloo) while your there!
5	Occult bookstores run tha gamut from dark, dusty and creepy, to bright, airy and pleasant. Moonstones is definitely one of the latter. If one was only looking for books, I'd say the store was disorganized, but only because there are small clusters of books to be found all over the store. The extensive collection of birthstone jewelry is amazing, even for one NOT interested in mystical themes. The incense and candles were very neat and orderly, unlike many stores I've been to, not just the occult-type. There was a fairly decent collection of crystals and other esoteric supplies.I have made many excuses for why I haven't taken the trip out to Moonstones before, but never again. I absolutely LOVE this store and can't wait to have reason to go there again.
4	What a hidden gem in the South Hills. This fun Little store carters to a wide range a spiritual curiosities. You can explore your psychic side with a modest selection of power crystals, tarot cards and scents. I found the selection of books to be helpful and spanned a wide range of interest.
4	Great shop in Dormont - very large with lots of variety.  Seems to cater to all different walks. The shopkeepers are always very friendly and helpful.  They have a great collection of candles, beads, and herbs.  My only complaint, ironically, are their stones.  The jewelry is nice (and arguably the largest collection in the city for this type of store), but the tumbled stones are buried deep in the back of the store in such gloom you can barely make them out.  They also look like they were tumbled by a lawnmower.  It's such a shame.  I wish they would bring the tumbled rocks out into the sunlight and stock up with some fresh stones.  Other than that though, they're doing a great job and we enjoy visiting often.
4	I have to say, as far "new age bookstores" go, this one is the most impressive shop I have had the privilege to visit thus far. Moonstones is deceptively small looking from the outside, but on the inside there are as many things to see as there are spiritual paths. After years of searching, I found a pendulum! I was so surprised to find the unassuming tiny metal acorn literally jump at me! I had assumed that what I needed would be an ornate crystal pendulum, but "great things come in small packages". After I took it home it took no time to get acquainted with it. The store contains many crystals, gems, jewelry, oils, and even jars of dried herbs. There were around 60 different bumper stickers to chooses from. And hard to find matchstick incense. It is exactly what you think, a match you strike that burns as incense. Speaking of which, I was disappointed to not find any "pick your own" incense sticks. My supply is quite depleted, and I need more. I did but a very dainty scarf from the selection of hats and clothing on the top most floor of the labyrinth. I hope to attend one of the interesting classes that I have seen mentioned. It does appear that the list needs to be updated. I also LOVE how the shopkeepers don't keep a hawk's eyes on you. Instead they allow you to spend your time browsing the merchandise alone. After all, it is difficult to hear a small voice when an item is calling out to you if you are anxious from unwelcome stares.
3	For six years now I have been threatening to purchase a salt lamp for my bedside table. The early spring and late summer when I'm using allergy medication like a fish uses water, I thought a little natural relief while I sleep would help alleviate the morning sneezing fits. I got one here for an Amazon price of relatively cheap. I also bought some healing stones and crystals. She also carries some impressive jewelry and stones that can be set in necklaces and brackets. The place is huge, and just when you think you've seen everything, you can walk down a hew hallway and find more things. Great little shop that reminds me of a shop in a Stephen King novel called Needful Things. Although that shop was owned by Satan and made his customers do unspeakable things to each other, this is far from that. But you do get the feeling here that we are not alone and there are other realms to our world. Books galore on the occult, spirit worlds, shadow people, how to rid your home of evil spirits and I just wish she wasn't closing the store when I was walking in. She was nice enough to stay open until I purchased my salt lamp. I'll return and get my fill of this place and look around for four or five hours.
5	Moonstones is an excellent shop. I am from out of town but was able to order a gift basket of incense, stones and oils over the phone and have it delivered to a sick relative nearby.  Tell them what/who you need it for (e.g. a sick friend) and they will personally construct the gift basket and deliver it if not too far away Worked perfectly for me and--again--they are very nice. Ask for Amy.
