5	As a Socially Liberal Feminist I would NEVER go here, but if I slipped up, The Hi-Liter  would be my favorite of the genre.I've heard that it's just seedy enough, but not too much, and with top notch "talent".  I mean ... that's what I've heard anyway.*Oink Oink*
2	Not my favorite strip club by a long shot.  It's too crowded; there are too many chairs for this tiny club.  Seriously, the girls can't even do a proper lap dance without kicking some poor schmuck in the head with her big hooker shoes.And, the few times that I have been here I have been bombarded by dancers.  I know that some might not think this is a bad thing, but before you even get a chance to fight your way to a seat and settle in to your tiny little section, 10 girls have already asked you if you want a dance.
4	This may not be the biggest, the best, the classiest, or have the best looking (or cleanest) girls, but of the strip clubs I've been to in Arizona, I've had the best time here. I've been here like three or four times and have only had a bad time once.The girls know what they are doing here and they give great lap dances. The girls are usually relatively attractive (though some of them look a little methy) and quite friendly. This club can get pretty crowded - they definitely have too many chairs inside. It's not that bad though and you have to know that the crowded clubs are often crowded for a reason. I'm starting to think that these small-medium sized clubs that aren't quite in the ghetto and not high-end are the best ones. Good atmosphere, free entry (with coupon), decent drinks, and a fun time. I officially nominate this as the best place in town to get your face covered in stripper glitter so you can go home and get busted by your girlfriend or wife.
5	The $9 Steak And Lobster on Thursdays is Out Of This World!!Cheap food and great entertainment, what more could ask for?
5	Huge thanks to all the cool people over at the Hi-Liter for an awesome time during my best friends bachelor party!!! We had a large group and the staff at the Hi-Liter treated us right from start to finish!
3	Not the biggest, baddest or hottest strip club in town but for a night out with my friends it was fun.  Plenty of good looking girls, not too pushy and very friendly.  Dances were decent for $10, some girls were much better at it then others.  Drinks were typically overpriced, just like any other strip club.  When there's another night out with the guys...I'll make sure to bring this place up again.
5	Let me start this Yelp by saying I've never given the business to a stripper. Are we clear? Ok.I'll tell you why this place gets five stars... Because not one but two of the dancers offered to go home with me. One for $250. She said "If you have $250, we can go somewhere together." And then she licked my ear and showed me her guns. Her shift was over and she was in street clothes, mind you.So guess what happened next? Stripper two (who actually did leave with me - long story) said, "Gross, some skanky girl licked you and her breath was terrible." I was embarrassed, yet psychologically removed from that experience.What happened with Stripper two is a great story but I don't know that I want to share it here. But if you go to this club, one piece of advice (Useful alert!): the less attractive dancers require money to leave with you. The self-possessed hotter ones do not. However, if you get her naked in your bed, do no verify pre-coitus that she is not, in fact, a prostitute, because she will leave and call you names as your front door slams behind her. Or so my buddy tells me. Such trifling arrows of human amusement are not found in this man's quiver of irresponsible behavior.
5	Great place. I took my work colleague there and she had a great time. The dancer was all over her and left her virtually touched everywhere. She was hot and so was I. Will definitely be back there soon.
4	Day cover $5, night cover $10. Average dance cost $10, average drink cost $4.  VIP dances cost $25 and only the rip off strippers want to do those...the rest just have fun doing the average $10 dances.You can go to their website and print off a free admission pass http://www.hiliterclubaz.com/coupon.php
2	Too crowded is correct! Can't believe they let us in with no where to sit, we (me and my bf and guy friend) had to stand up against the wall until someone would leave so we could get a table! This place is too small, we had our dinner, watched the fight, and after observing the girls who were stripping that night...decided it'd be best to not get any lap dances and just call it a night! omg..I'm not coming back. Too bad our hottie waitress wasn't a stripper!! :(
5	OK, so yeah i am goin there!! well actually i have all ready been there and back! this is the place to be, really it is, no not for the drinks but for the view, it's all about the view and the best 10 dollars you will spend in a 3 minute time span... i do not recommend going to the vip, why you ask/ welll, because for 10 bucks your still gonna get grind-ed on, boobs in your face and prob walk out with a load in your shorts.. maybe even a hand up your shorts if you sit on the end against the wall and your a perv an wear super short shorts!Yep, really!! There  all different styles of girls to choose from, tattooed, tits on a stick, average, beautiful, girl next door, beauty is all over the place!! Go, take your girl then go home and do the dirty....
4	I won't lie, I've been here once or twice.  Not on par with Canadian clubs but much better than the other clubs in the valley.
5	There are other gentlemen-type places around town that deserve their accolades, but I never have as much fun as when I'm at the Hi-Liter.  A friend from out-of-town wanted to go to a gentlemen-type establishment.  When I suggested the Hi-Liter, she recoiled, saying that the place looks skeezy.  I begged for some faith, and of course, nobody was disappointed.  Cheap (by strip club standards) drinks, friendly staff, everyone in the place - customers and employees - having a good old time.  Upon leaving, we asked for a cab, and one was there in under two minutes.  Here's something that always happens, and it happened again tonight:The waitresses often wear shorts that say "Hi Liter" across the derriere.  You'll never notice this until everyone is s-faced, and then someone will say, "I cant believe that girl's ass says 'Hitler.'"  Then you stare until you regain some vision and realize that it doesn't.  This has happened at least 3 times at this place, no joke.  Might not seem funny, but mix alcohol and/or other social lubricants with loud music and and general tomfoolery, and it's funnier than the last three Adam Sandler movies combined (not saying much, but still),Overall, there are other clubs that do other things better, but you'll never have as much fun as you do here.
4	The girls are beautiful!!! Bartenders & waitresses are AMAZING.. The DJ's are great... This place is FUN... The drink specials are always good... DON'T EAT THERE.... The cook is dirty... don't get me wrong the food is great... But don't eat if Chef Rudy is cooking he's dirty he does dirty nasty to the food..
3	I don't know HiLiter... I want to like you, but it just is never quite right. The staff has been friendlier here lately than in the past for sure. The waitresses are hot and awesome. There are quite a few very pretty dancers, too. Kudos to them for keeping it diverse. There are all races, body types, fake and real tits, tatted and non-tatted. We do always have fun and usually come with a group for a birthday or something. I think it's the decor that throws me. Remember hypercolor color shirts and those neon days back in the late 80's, early nineties? Well, that's what their decor looks like! The chairs and carpet match and not in a good way- the exact same pattern!. The chairs are cushiony and kind of scare me thinking what might be on them or embedded in the fabric. They also take up a ton of room, so you generally feel as though you are intruding on someones lap dance or might get kicked in the head. I haven't had a dance here in years, but whoa! I don't know if the recession is having the girls working harder for dances or what, but they have been MUCH more lax. Touchy, touch , almost to a point of discomfort. Bare touching to the client, under shirts, bras, underwear... I'm sure most people dig it, but if you don't want to get that "personal" I would advise skipping the dances. Overall, not bad for a strip club! How about a little decor upgrade? A patio cleanup? And maybe someone to Windex the mirrors because they are covered all throughout the club with streaky hand prints. I'm sure this place can afford it based on those hefty drink prices. Enjoy and try not to get kicked in the head with a giant plastic heel. *TIP- go on-line to print free admission passes, then you can save that 10 bucks for a groping and pretty X rated lap dance!
4	I have been here 1 time, back in the early part of 2004. I liked it and almost decided to work there. I went with one of the people that lived in my apartment complex at the time. We had a good time there. I had this short tank top on, jeans, and high heels. When we left, 1 of the customers gave me $40!! I didn't even work there!! LOL! THAT was a great time. The dancer were very pretty and the stage was awesome. Drinks were a little pricy. Don't know what it's like now in 2011, but it sure was fun there in 2004.
5	I went on a Tuesday night 10/11/11 around 10 pm. Have been here in the afternoon but not at night. The cover was only $5 and they still had the 2 4 1 specials. There was a variety of hot dancers so I got a seat against the wall and had some dances from a hot blonde,  a super hot Latina, and a hot and sexy seductive Hawaiian.  The Hawaiian is who I spent most time with. She had a tight sexy seductive body and crawled all over me. They were all very very close dances. There was skin on skin contact and damn she smelled good. Even though it was a slow night they still had a large variety of dancers. Everytime I am in town I check out this club and they never disappoint. Last time I was here was September 1 and it was the Hawaiians  first night she was fantastic. One tip, if you are getting a hot dance in the main room you know the VIP will be hot. If the lap dance is not hot and you hope it gets hotter in VIP it won't.  Believe me on this. Even if you don't go VIP you will have a  good time. I have been to the other establishments including the nude bars but find this is the one place that never disappoints. The food is good, the dancers are hot, great drink specials, and the bouncers are chill!
5	Went late Tuesday afternoon 10/25.  The sexy Hawaiian was busy in VIP with regulars but there was a large variety of hot dancers to choose from. I got dances from a damn sexy blonde with beautiful face and gorgeous body and great tat work on the side of her body. She knows  what she is doing and you should get a dance or VIP from her you will never forget it. Lots of cuddling, touching, and grinding. She is usually there in afternoons.  Sabrina is another beauty that knows how to give a hot dance. This place always delivers. If you are wondering where to go this is the place.
4	This place I have wanted to try for weeks.....well months....well years.  My girlfriend and I went and love a good strip club.  The dancers were very friendly and hot.  Drinks were a bit overpriced, but it is a strip club so expected.Had to work to get a lapdance as nobody approached the couple....that was weird.  Usually the dancers at clubs are very friendly, so they should work on that.Lots of diversity, didn't try the private VIP but it looked worth it.
2	Conversation in VIP room;Her: I can't go out with you after work...I only have the sitter til 2.Me: Aw, baby, c'mon...call the sitter, tell her you'll pay her overtime.Her: Can't. Maybe we can go out next Tuesday. I get off early.Me: You always say that but Tuesday will come around and you always have some excuse why you won't go out with me. Her: (being witty)  Nuh-uh. Me: Yeah, huh. (witty response)Her: I'll tell you what, I'll go out with you if you pay for the sitter, pay me what I lose out in tips that night, and take me to a nice place...like Outback. I pause to do some mental math.Her: Do we have a deal?Me: What say I just give you fifty bucks and you beej me in the parking lot after work.Her: Fuck you, you pig. Me: Whaat?? What did I say?.....Wait....come back...I'll throw in a few extra singles for formula.
5	I haven't been to the Hi-liter in years but have fond memories of this fine establishment.  A couple of years ago I was kicked in the head by a dancer who was giving a dance to Mike Tyson...  twice!  There was no blood so I let it slide...  I mean, did I really want to take a chance interrupting Mr. Tyson's good time and risk decapitation?  I think not.
4	The steak and lobster is Perfectly seasoned. Yummy. The girls look great, they have a couple of big girls to my delight. The one complaint is the girls could have paid more attention to the customers.
4	Girls are hot, dances are cheap, bouncers aren't power tripping. Everything a strip club should be. Only gripe is that I wish the back room was bigger and more private
5	This place is awesome! It lives up to its review rating!  The girls are hot and friendly too. I can see why people could get crammed in it because it is small but if you go early or some time other then Friday or Saturday it's perfect! Highly recommend this place!$10 lap dances$25 VIP
1	Good looking talent and really good food specials will always bring the customers into this place. I will NOT return to this establishment again when in the area for business.The cocktail/food service was the worst service in all of Phoenix. If management knew how much money that was not spent because of this lousy service, heads would most definitely roll....
3	In Phoenix again I searched on yelp and saw someone shared a coupon and saved me $30? That's what one chick said was the normal entrance price. 20 females and only 2 caught my eye and one of them did come up to me. I got a water and cost me $4 they do sell beer but she didn't know the prices. She was from San Diego a Cali girl my luck :) she told me a lap dance at table in front of everyone is $10. I said no I want VIP status and she said $25 for each song I said let's do this lol. She looks gorgeous to me and worth my money to find out what's up in the VIP. And before we went there she was cool talking to me for like 30 mins. So how was the dance in the VIP? Let's just say I left with blue balls haha. 3 stars is for the females prices and location. 5 stars for her and her name was Joscelyn.
4	Attractive women very enthusiastic and professional will be back.  Only down side some of the hostesses smelled of tobacco but that maybe due to being up close and personal with audience. Thanks girls
5	I was never here. This review does not exist.
3	I consider this club the United Nations of strip clubs. Girls from every race dance here.  However; there is one  particular asian dancer who is beautiful with really bad breath.  After dancing three songs she falsely claimed she actually danced six songs (and wanted to be paid for all of them).  I gave up the cash and learned a valuable lesson.  Stay in your own lane when at highlighters.
4	I missed the Lobster and Steak Day. It moved from Monday MNF to Thursdays. Its Kinda a cool spot to watch MNF. Staff are nice. Food honestly is really good. The Dj Wouldn't play Digital Undergrounds "Freaks Of the Industry," said it was to slow for time. Free Parking.
1	I must of went on a bad day. (Sunday around 4) Everyone was very disrespectful. Would not acknowledge me at the bar. She was too busy chatting with the strippers. One stripper gave my friend a dance without even asking. She was definitely on something. I could keep going. Not worth coming back. The attitudes here in general ruined our night.
