4	I don't know why, but I like Office Max more than Staples.  I can't really put my finger on it, but I enjoy coming in this place.  I think I just like office supplies.  I'm the kind of person that buys school supplies in the summer just because I find them exciting.The sales associates are pretty friendly and helpful here.  The shelves are always well-stocked, and I can generally pick up everything I need in this one spot.  Their computers are really slow to process things, so using debit rather than cash takes FOREVER.  But really, it's a minor thing.  I like Office Max.
4	OfficeMax is my go-to office supple store.  For heavy and full service printing, I prefer the Summerlin location or the store off Eastern/Serene. Both these locations are super staffed at their print center and they specialize in high volume printing. However, this wasn't an option since I was too far from Summerlin and the Serene location had a busted printer. So, Yelp brought me here. This location is smaller, quieter, and not as heavily staffed as my favorites. But they sure made up for it with efficient service at the print center. Stevie was great. She was dealing with 2 other customers, troubleshooted a problem that someone else had, dealt with the non-stop phone calls, and most importantly, took care of me. I can't say I was in and out of this place quick, but all the printing that I requested came out clean. I was actually impressed with this OfficeMax.  Only issue...my Retail Connect discount didn't apply to the work I was requesting. Oh well, can't win them all.YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (414/500)
5	Stevie at the print/copy shop is awesome! She bend over backwards to help me and got me out of there quickly with exactly what I wanted at a price I fully expected.
5	Print staff especially Stevie, haven't seen her in a while though and Megan, and the skinny Asian guy (I think) have been AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME lately. Working their butts off. Even with broke machines and Mike screwing things up.  LOVE the printing department
2	The last time I had business cards ordered from here, the cut was about 2 centimeters off. On a business card (especially one with full bleed), THAT IS A LOT. I was a little annoyed, but let it go.Yesterday, I took another chance with them. I asked the guy working about his "options for banners." He just kind of waited and raised his eye brows a little, which prompted me to add, "You know, maybe 4 feet long, or 6 feet long," thinking he didn't know what I was talking about. He replied by saying, "We don't really have 'options' we just have ___ to print on and _____." The associate said this like a teenager with a bad attitude even though he looks to be in his late 40s. A little incredulous, I informed him I had never printed a banner before so I wasn't sure where to start. -- In my head, I was thinking, "I'm going to give his guy a change to redeem himself. Maybe he's having a bad day." It was like pulling teeth to get him to help me and they weren't able to provide what I needed by my deadline.Next, I wanted enlarged reprints mounted on foam board. Again, he looked at me and said, "Well how big do you want them?" I have never done that either and I didn't know what they were capable of so I held up my hands to show him what I was aiming for. He told me they could make it any size I wanted. From my side of the counter I could see there was a large foamboard print resting in the back that showed the different sizes and I had to ask him to show that to me. Why should I have to ask to see that when I clearly don't do this on a regular basis?He then took me to the computer to grab what images I needed printed off of my flashdrive. I told him to grab an extra file on there because I needed business cards too. During this time he NEVER spoke to me. When he was done entering the order, I asked him how many days it would take for my 250 cards order. He said 10 days. TEN DAYS. I have ordered them in two days at OfficeMax before, at more than one location. When I said, "WHAAAAT," he said it's always like that. This is probably the simplest order of business cards you could get, people. What is the point of having a print center and equipment if you can't even do business cards? If they were backed up and he told me five days, fine. But TEN DAYS? You can get them quicker online from VistaPrint sooner than that.I had him cancel everything and took my order right across the street to Kinkos. I should have started there, since I've never had a problem with them. My order ended up being $230, so too bad, so sad OfficeMax on Stephanie!!!!!The only reason they get two stars instead of one is because the other associates gave friendly greetings and I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt.Sean needs to lighten up or not take bad days out on customers. I can honestly say I will never go here for my printing needs now. I came prepared with what I needed and what images to use and still somehow the employee made me feel stupid. I don't like giving my business to rude representatives.
