5	It is difficult and challenging to write a sexy or even cool review of experiences with a podiatrist, so I won't even try. But maybe the information that follows will be useful to someone. Summerlin Foot & Ankle, besides giving great professional service, is very customer service oriented. This business is located on the second floor of a modern and brightly lit office building in Summerlin. Its waiting room has always been fairly crowded when I've been there, so it appears that several other persons agree that this is a good place to go for a foot or ankle problem. Friendly staff members are sensitive to the amount of time their customers have to spend in the waiting room--which has numerous interesting periodicals available to help that time pass by quickly--and attempt to move patients into examination rooms as swiftly as possible. And, the examination chairs on which I have perched have all been comfortable leather or faux-leather recliners that look brand new. John Cade, D.P.M., is a very knowledgeable and caring podiatrist. A plaque on his office wall congratulating him for being valedictorian of his podiatric college class stands as testament to his acumen in his chosen field. Dr. Cade has always taken the necessary time to listen to my description of any new development with my feet since the last visit, and has never shown impatience even after being asked several questions. He has always been gentle when examining feet and administering a cortisone shot, and has the skills to perform everything from removing an ingrown toenail to major foot and ankle surgery. His x-ray equipment is digital, with results in only seconds. And, needed orthotics inserts for shoes are measured in the office just by placing both feet on glass while in a seated position, and making digital foot impressions that are then sent on to a lab for fabrication. After a patient is asked to fill in several forms regarding past medical history, prescription drugs taken, and insurance information on the initial visit, office staff takes the ball from there, bills the patient's insurance for all services rendered, and avoids hassling the patient about any further record-keeping or insurance matters unless it is absolutely necessary to do so. From beginning to end, a visit to Summerlin Foot & Ankle has always been a pleasant experience for me, and I have never entered in trepidation of what was to come. (Of course, I have never had to face any foot or ankle surgery, so that just might be why! :-) LOL)
4	I really liked Dr. Cade.  He was very calm, informative, and did not rush our appointment, even though I had one of the last appointments of the day and I'm sure he wanted to get home.He stopped frequently to ask if I had any questions and was very gentle when examining my foot.  I felt really confident in his diagnosis and comfortable with the treatment.The front office clerk Caleb is really nice and talks to you in the waiting room.
5	Dr. Cade was awesome!!! No wait time & I didn't feel rushed. I would definitely refer him:))
5	I had to take my sister here for a consultation for her broken leg. When she made the appointment, she could only see the doctor that took one of her two medical insurances. When we got there, the front desk attendant informed us that Dr. Cade had freed up due to a cancellation and we could be seen in 45 minutes. It was sweet of her to look out for our best interest. Once my sister was in, it took some time for her to go through the check up process. It was definitely not a rush job. When she came out, we headed downstairs to run some test. Although I was there for 2 hours, it was not bad. The staff definitely makes it bearable. As we were leaving, we were informed that the office would be making calls to get her into an operating room as soon as possible. Not only did they get her a pre-op check the next day, but the operation two days later. On top of that, the speedy work was also covered under both insurances.
5	I love this office. From beginning to end, a visit to Summerlin Foot & Ankle has always been a pleasant experience for me.  I have been going here for what seems like forever.  The staff pretty much knows me by name, I think that is good ;0)  It would be easier to trade my two feet in for new ones but since that is not possible Dr. Randy Gubler is a great alternative!!  He is very compassionate and caring.  He has performed surgery on both of my feet and I have to say I am so much better for it.    I would not hesitate to have him perform surgery on my feet again, but I am hoping to not have to do that again for awhile. I have even taken my son to see him as well.  His entire staff is awesome!  For the most part getting an appointment is pretty easy.  I recommend him to all my friends and family and I would recommend him to anybody who wants great care!!!!
1	My review is based solely on attempting to make an appt with them.  I called 2 times this morning, the first time I was on hold 22 minutes.  I hung up thinking they must be busy and tried a little later, again over 20 minutes on Hold! I never spoke to a human.I can't help but  think if their front line is so under staffed,  too busy or, gasp, couldn't care, then I probably am not interested in seeing any of their Doctors.  What would happen if I needed to talk to a nurse or doctor if I had a problem or a question?
5	I had multiple visits here couple years ago. I had a very resistant infection that needed almost a year of treatment and then eventually had to go to a more serious treatment. Dr Gubler is a fantastic physician. He was always very kind and very understanding of my fears and concerns. He always listened and even called me at home after a procedure to make sure I was ok. I wish there were more Dr's like Dr Gubler. I've only talked to Dr. Cade by phone when a change in medication was an emergency. I felt like he took me seriously and cared about how I felt.  I would definitely recommend either Dr.
1	i went there three months ago with chronic foot and ankle pain. i've had it for a few years but it's steadily been getting worse. i was ready to take drastic action, even surgery if that's what was needed. i met with dr. grubler who referred me to a nerve specialist for a test. i met with the nerve specialist who referred me to an MRI thinking the problem might actually be in my lower back. MRI came back fine as did the nerve test, so i needed to go back to dr. grubler for next steps.i've been putting off going back in the meantime since we might be moving soon and i wasn't sure if i should find a new doctor in our new location. today i got a strange call from the office telling me there was a $20 unpaid bill that was going to be turned over to collections if it wasn't paid.mind you, this is the first i've heard of an unpaid bill, so i called up to find out what the deal was. the girl who i spoke with was very put out that i hadn't paid the $20 co-pay that i was just now finding out about. she verified my home address and claimed they left many messages, none of which i got. she was rude and accusatory in a bid for what appeared to me like trying to blame someone else for their incompetence.i told them they made my decision easy as i'm not going to be having the expensive surgery done by a doctor who can't even view me as a patient but instead only views me as a problem because of the front office incompetence.do not recommend in any way.
