5	Trust me, you've never had a hot yoga experience quite like what you'll get at HYU! The classes are 60 minutes long and the class times fit perfectly into anyone's busy lifestyle. The facilities are state of the art - beautiful, serene, and of course very clean - and the instructors always have your best interest at heart. This studio has two different types of classes (H27 is great for those who are new to hot yoga!), so you can always switch things up. Every class is a new experience! Do yourself a favor and try HYU out, I know you'll love it as much as I do!
5	I love Hot Yoga U! I love the 60 minute classes. 90 minute classes were getting to be too long for me. I love that there are two types of classes, a Bikramish class and a flow class. The facility is beautiful, clean and state of the art. It has a great energy. Everyone is friendly. There is no pretense or snobbery. Karin, the owner, is simply amazing.
4	Nice studio, I have been a fanatic about my yoga classes and instructors,  I just moved here from LA where I had so many different types of yoga.  I actually "ran into" the studio as I was scouting for a good smoothie.  Karin is an amazing instructor, I don't particular like the bikram type of clases but hers are something to be experienced.  Something about the "ebb and flow"... I love it.  Great deal also $20 for 20 classes.
5	Yesterday I went to check out Hot Yoga University. First of all, Karin, the HYU director, was the very first instructor to ever push me through a hot yoga practice (well, Bikram actually) a few years ago. Her energy, gentle nature and pleasant demeanor is so welcoming. The studio is the nicest I have seen yet! It is state-of-the art with it's hot air system with fresh oxygen (this just felt different than other studios!), unique hypo allergenic non-germy flooring (looks like noodles!), great women's (I didn't check out the men's, but I'm sure it is equally rad) changing rooms, the lobby is nice and open and invites mingling afterwards... I simply loved this place! If you know me well, if I find a studio I love, it's hard for me to stray. Try to pull me away from this one, just try. :) They have some great specials if you would like to try it out- $20 for 20 days. You seriously can't go wrong. And it's in Papago Plaza in South Scottsdale at Scottsdale and McDowell- close to so many of you! You're welcome. Now, when you see me looking like a fox, you will know why----hot yoga :)
4	This is a great place to start out at.  I am a beginner and had never done hot yoga before.  You can sign up for a free week for yoga month(September) I love the studio, the set up it great.  Great deals for students and non-students! :) thumbs up! Even have student rates.
5	My favorite class is the HY class. This is the hot yoga flow class. It's only 60 minutes (both classes they offer are only 60 mins), but still super fun, yet challenging. I, personally, find Bikram style pretty dull. So, this flow class with music is just my speed. I love going to different instructor's classes since they all have different playlists. Yesterday for example some of the artists played in class ranged from: The Format, Lily Allen, to OutKast. For abs we rocked out to a little 'Eye of the Tiger'. Everyone involved in this studio seriously rules. :)
5	This is a great place to do yoga. Instructors are nice and helpful. The facility is clean and the music is rocking in the HotYasa classes. I would recommend this to anyone that wants a challenge. It has made me an official Yogi.
5	Love this yoga studio!!  You can tell the minute you meet the owner, Karin, that she is passionate about yoga and wants to share this experience with everyone!  She is great as an instructor - caring, and so encouraging!  Ursula is another instructor that I really like!  Her voice is so melodic, she is very encouraging and the fact that she and Karin come by and "spritz" you with lemongrass water during the practice, is so refreshing.  It is a great way to have the maximum stretch and after blowing out both knees, I find I can keep in shape and the bonus is how many calories you burn in the hot room!
5	A little about myself been doing yoga for about 5 years and getting back to yoga 3 times a week. Alright officially L O V E this place , I explored my options before committing to this studio to make my final pick for "my yoga studio" and this is the place where my heart brings me back :). The energy, the vibe its just amazing from the time you step in, the staff is very nice and personable. The owner Karin knows my name after 2 classes which makes such a difference. My first class Hot Yase was with Karin and she took the time to welcome all the new comers before beginning the class. Each class I've been to is amazing, great song choices lots of variety. Always leave class feeling so peaceful!! I would recommend to anyone and I tell all my friends and family about this place. I signed up for $20 for 20 and will be now signing up for student unlimited monthly $56 which is the best price out there. Oh and the studio is state of the art and up to date, spacious entry way, waiting area and locker room. A must go!
5	I was a student of bikram yoga at the bikram in old town Scottsdale for years. I'm not a professional yogi. :) I love the workout and the healthy feelings I get after these sweaty workouts. I like the quiet, the challenge, the encouragement, and always sleep great after bikram. Karin, the owner of Hot Yoga U, was always my favorite instructor. Down to earth, approachable, kind, calm and encouraging.  What I don't love about Bikram Yoga: (I've used only used two studios ever, but each at least 40 times). 1.   They always have a weird smell.  The carpets are just nasty. The average yogi drenches a full size beach towel and then some. So the carpets are saturated in sweat.  In hot humid rooms... Yuck. 2. The first breathing exercise.  Maybe I'm not a bikram yogi but this first breathing always irritates me.  3. The time. I never have 2.5 hours. 90 minute class plus travel and shower.  With kids and a job... It just doesn't happen.  4.  The nonstop praise and quoting of bikram.  I'm here already... I don't need the reminders that he's awesome. 5.  Price. 12 -15 a class can be a lot. Why I love hot yoga u. 1.  Karin.  She's is open and kind. Friendly. 2. Organized clean fresh facility 3.  Floor that is obviously cleaned and not carpet! 4. 60 minutes.  Duh!!! 5.  Gentle correction and improvement ideas.  6.  Heating system is great.  Consistent heat and humidity. Thank you!! I'm home. This is where I feel good.  So happy!!!
5	I only have great thing to say about this place. Before I found H.Y.U., I had only done yoga once in my life before. I always found it to be a non challenging work out for me. This year I committed my self to get back in shape. After attending a hot yoga class with a friend I decided that this was how I was going to lose the weight. I found H.Y.U., while driving home. It is right around the corner from my home. So I went in to try out the special $20 for 20 day that the studio offers. When I signed up for the special the instructor Karin mentioned they had a special called the habit. ($69 for 30 day. To complete 21 days) they say that it takes 21 days to form a habit. I have now attended for 12 days and I love it!!! Karin knew my name only after one class and greets me every time I attend. I feel right at home every time I come here.  I originally started to go because I wanted to loose weight and I am losing the weight. While doing so, I am also learning that I am strengthening my weaknesses that I would have never done before. The classes at H.Y.U. are relaxing, very motivating, fun, yet challenging. The instructors are very welcoming and make you feel comfortable. The classes last 60 minutes. The studio is amazing. It's always is clean, the floor and air system is unique and state of the art, they have an amazing waiting area and the bathrooms are very clean. Every time I leave the studio I am in a great mood smiling and happy!! I really enjoy my time while during my work outs. I would defiantly recommend coming and checking out this studio if you haven't done so already.
5	I found my home away from home! Not only is this studio magnificent. Everyone at HYU is there for questions never judging if you have a bad day just standing behind you telling you that you can do it! Being in today's world time is a valuable thing 60 minutes is great because it not as long as your average 90 minute bikram class but just as rewarding. Life is stressful and can have bumps along the way but this studio walks the walk and cares about everyone and reminding them with words of inspiration to just be kind and loving to everyone and dedicate the time in the studio to give back to yourself. Thank you so much HYU!
5	I recently started at Hot Yoga University, and I cannot get enough. I have never done hot yoga prior to joining HYU. Although the classes are challenging it has been easy to get the hang of it and I have felt very comfortable since day one. The staff is very friendly and the studio is very cute and clean! The biggest benefit of all is the physical  and mental results. After just a few sessions I have noticed how tone I am becoming already. It's also a great way to shake off a stressful day. I'm Looking forward to many more classes at HYU!
5	This place is amazing!!!! I am so glad I found it.  I had an awful experience at another yoga studio and after trying this place, I am wondering why I ever tried anything else before.  Karen, the owner is so sweet and inviting. She was helpful, welcoming and kind.  I instantly  felt peaceful and the workout was amazing.  Unlike other hot yoga studios, it smells amazing they let you work at your own pace. I can't say enough great things about it.
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE HOT YOGA U!! I HATE going to the gym, I needed an outlet and I needed to get back to being active and finding release in my workouts. My friend finally convinced me to go to yoga, only difference is that it's a different climate, about 108 degrees. I wasn't very keen to the idea of it being hot and I didn't really think much of yoga. After my first class, I was hooked and I go every day, sometimes twice a day. I found a studio that is clean, peaceful atmosphere and friendly staff. Everyone there is there to see you succeeded. I love Karin! She is such an amazing person. In the short time I known her, I feel like I have known her for forever! She is so kind and encouraging. She has a great sprite to her. Hot Yoga University is a beautiful studio. It's clean, comfortable and extremely reasonably priced. You won't regret it. You will end up learning so much about yourself and how amazing your ability and strength is when you challenge yourself. You can apply this type of practice to all areas of your life; you'll be able to deal with life's challenges and your whole prospective will change. Karin and all staff, thank you for helping me reclaim my sanity!!
5	This was my first time doing not yoga, and it isn't easy the first time, but I feel really great after! The staff was SUPER friendly! I am so glad I tried it out :)
5	Hot Yoga U has the best of all worlds as hot yoga goes!  I've tried out lots of places in various cities, and this studio tops the list.  I really like that they have 2 levels of classes, so that when you're new it is a lot less intimidating.  Plus you do slightly different things in each class, so it offers a bit of variety to your workout.It is also notable that they have an awesome facility.  You can tell that the owner is experienced in what works and what doesn't for hot yoga.  The floor in the yoga room is an absorbent woven grippy material that is really hygienic.  No stinky carpet or slippery wood!This studio also has friendly & enthusiastic teachers, lots of parking, a really cute and spacious waiting area, and lots of class times.  Plus it's actually affordable and centrally located.  Totally recommend!
5	Hot Yoga University is the best! I LOVE Karin as well as all of the other wonderful teachers!! Everyone is super kind, encouraging and very loving! They offer different types of classes and at a variation of times in additon to it being 60 min makes it easy to fit into your schedule.   Wonderful place and awesome people!!!
5	This is quickly becoming one of my favorite places to be. Karen - owner and instructor - reminds me of a cool aunt, or your favorite teacher in high school... She's kind, encouraging and warm. The other instructors follow suit.The actual classes are fantastic, too. More realistic for the everyday yogi, the 60 minute classes don't feel nearly as abusive as traditional Bikram yoga. Also, I think it's a lovely sight to see all different ages, body types and abilities growing in their practice together. I'm tempted to go back to school just to get the $59/month student membership!
5	Best place in town!  I love Hot Yoga University!  There 60 minute classes are the perfect amount of time.  The studio is clean and welcoming.  Often, I come early just to read because I find the studio so relaxing!   The staff is the nicest group of people that I have ever met too!  The teachers are friendly and helpful!  I love Hot Yoga U!
5	Best place in town!
5	Hot yoga university is by far the best yoga studio I have ever visited.  I am not one to consistently work out but I have been going to HYU 4+ days a week for the last 2 months.  It is wonderful.  The studio is beautiful, and the yoga room is the cleanest, and most well regulated of any of the bikram studios in town. The greatest part about HYU is their approach.  Each class is 60 minutes and is the perfect amount of time in the hot room.  The classes, especially the Hot Yasa, are great!  Each and every staff member is friendly and over qualified.  All of the teachers are excellent.  I cannot say enough good things about this place, and yelp certainly does not have enough stars to allot for how great HYU is.Do yourself the favor and go and visit this amazing studio!
5	I love this place!!! My life would be missing something if I never found HYU. Each and every instructor there is amazing, but of course I still have my favorites. And now that they offer Iron Yasa (that's hot yoga with weights), I'm in complete heaven. I'm a lifer, that's for sure.
5	Love Love Love this place!I had a 2 week trial membership and so wish I could go full-time!The people here are wonderful!The cleanliness, in one word, OUTSTANDING!!If you want an amazing hot yoga experience and let the yoga bug bite you, you won't regret it. Try it!I miss this place and will definitely take advantage of future specials!!
5	Loved it!  I stopped in to check it out this week.  I felt very welcome and enjoyed my first Hot Yoga experience.  I hope to return soon!
3	I have been trying this studio out for the past month and have gone 3 times. I will not be back however.  I have been practicing Hot Yoga for the past 3 years and generally practice at the Sumits Location in Chandler. I was enjoying the classes here, they are excellent beginner classes and a nice counter balance to the intense workout at Sumits. The flows are a little to fast with little time to perfect the postures though. The studio is clean and the environment around the studio is as well for the most part.  The reason I won't be back is because of the people I have encountered there. I know you can't blame a business for its customers but after meeting Karen the owner I think I know where the negative energy is emanating from. She walked up to me and introduced herself and asked how I was finding the class. I told her I was enjoying it and getting exactly what I needed out of it. That it was a very peaceful practice with alot of stretching and a nice counter balance to Sumits where I generally practice.  Now at this point Karen could have responded many diffrent ways...maybe "Well Chad we are so happy you are giving us a try we hope you come back" Maybe something like that. This was her response..Mind you I just told her I LOVE Sumits and I have been practicing there for 2 years. So she says "Well they have no air vents there. You can't breathe in their classes" said with a condescending tone and an air of arrogance. I replied "well I really love practicing there and I have never had any trouble breathing" and she replies "Well if you like to do yoga with no air than good for you" or something to that affect- I'm paraphrasing a little. Anyway...I was shocked. I was feeling VERY good after class and didn't really need someone, especially the owner inferring that my favorite place to practice Yoga sucks or that I simply don't know any better.  Now I'm not 100% sure but I'm guessing this woman is used to people telling her that her studio is incredible and gushing affection all over her. Maybe she's never had to deal with someone with a greater scope of experience giving a critical review maybe she's just a yogi poser who knows. Either way, I will not be back and I'm sure you can guess where you'll find me in the future. `CBAILEY
5	I love this place so much!  It's close to my house and I am more likely to squeeze in an hour for yoga if I have a tight schedule.  The owner and her instructors are so friendly.  The classes are affordable.  The room smells good and doesn't have that funky, sweaty smell that can happen in hot yoga.  I am so happy I found Hot Yoga University!
5	Holy Hot balls this is the best yoga studio in town. Their prices are literally the best you can find. The owner is a bad ass. The teachers are kick ass. The studio is so clean you could dine off their weird non smelly floors. After doing Bikram for years to keep my body in this fine shape, I got tired of breathing in the smell of disgusting stale air and wet carpet. Lo and behold, neither of those two appear in this studio. The air is clean and light, and the flooring is- well I don't know what it's made of- but it's neither wet nor does it smell. Check them out. And no, you don't have to be super flexible or a yoga freak to take their classes.
5	The staff is so friendly and the place is so clean! I've been to other studios and they do not compare! Karin and Tiffani are the best!!
1	Facility is decent except I noticed the A/C filter was caked with dust and looked like it hadn't been changed for a year.  When I brought it up to the owner she kinda shrugged and said "we usually change them all at the same time".  Furthermore, bikram or hot yoga doesn't seem to make a lot of sense in the desert, but to each their own.  Wouldn't recommend this studio to those looking to practice yoga in a class setting.
5	I have fallen in love with Hot Yoga University! Karin, Tiffani, Nicole, Drew and Samantha are incredibly kind and enthusiastic teachers. I know this sounds trite, but yoga is changing the way I feel, not just physically, but mentally.
5	Can't believe it took me so long to try this place. Awesome staff, cute atmosphere, great location, and so reasonably priced!
5	Love!!!
5	I do a lot of yoga and this is so far the best place I have found, and the fact that it is also the cheapest is just icing on the cake.  The studio is hot, but not nearly as hot as others...I don't get dizzy as often and if you stay to the left side of the room, it is even more manageable. I don't think more heat = more benefits, it just results in more dehydration.  I love the flow class and I like how there is a little bit of core work at the end.  There is a really nice mixture of people - sure, lots of the young people you would expect given the area, but also less young people, like myself, and a nice blend of genders. The instructors are all so friendly and the owner is fabulous.  I highly recommend this studio to anyone who is looking for a welcoming and non-intimidating place to do yoga.
5	it's been about a year since I have been to HYU! And I feel addicted! This is exactly what my body and mind need! If you are a newbie, do not be scared!!! You will feel so amazing when you are done! The yoga instructors, and staff are continuously friendly, and I can't say enough nice things about this wonderful place!!
5	This place is the best hot yoga in PHX! Tried 3 different places and finally found one where everyone is so nice and helpful. It doesn't smell and it's super clean! Prices are reasonable and so are the times of classes.
5	absolutely love this place. Amazing instructors and I love how you set your intention on the day. They pick a word of the day today's was courage and they say quotes throughout the session. Just moved across the street so it's even closer than I was before perfect.
5	I love this yoga studio!  The teachers are great and I love the flooring!  It is so nice not to walk into a studio with gross smelly carpet!  The studio is also decorated beautifully.  So glad I finally was able to practice yoga here.
5	This place is awesome.  I've been going here for about a month now.  They cater to all different skill levels.  I would place myself at the beginning level, even though I've done yoga on and off for that least seven years.  Flexibility is not a strong suit of mine, which is exactly why I need to be doing yoga.  I feel totally comfortable in the classes alongside people who are obviously very advanced.  The three different instructors I've had since I've gone to classes here are all great.PrIcing is reasonable.  They have a few different options.  Depending on your frequency you can pick the one that's best for you.If you like to sweat while you're doing your workouts like I do this is the place for you.
5	This is my happy place! So clean, so welcoming. Great prices for everyone. Every level is welcome and beginners are always applauded at the end of class which I find so encouraging for all levels. Today I even had a teacher take time after class to go over a pose I've been having a hard time accomplishing. Every teacher here genuinely cares about you and your practice. If you've never been here you have to try it at least once and you'll see why so many people are hooked!
5	Took my first class today, the class was awesome, but the owners/ teachers are the sweetest and kind people, and that's what makes me want to always go back there when I feel like doing hot yoga!
5	The CLEANEST hot yoga studio I have ever been in! I love the Wednesday night classes, the staff are top notch, the vibe is wonderful. Not a bad thing to say about this place, enjoy and get your yoga on :)
5	Of all the yoga studios in all of Arizona, man am I glad I walked into this one!I had no idea when I started looking around the city that Arizona (especially Scottsdale) was the place for yoga. Not just yoga but hot yoga!? In Arizona?!I was attracted to Hot Yoga University for it's drop in price, you really can't beat $10. It is a Bikram/Vinyasa blend which I also usually really enjoy.Once I walked in, I was greeted by a foyer that really can only be described as adorable. Kitchy signs, local art work and a comprehensive yoga library decorate the foyer. There is one asana room and spacious dressing rooms with showers.I was greeted by the owner Karin and my teacher, Ashton.Karin was very warm and genuine. I could tell, within the first 5 minutes, that her mission statement isn't just words, it is a promise that she runs her studio by."We are here to create a paradigm shift in the realm of Hot Yoga. To serve the yoga community and her yogis with love and compassion. To create a learning environment where each student is encouraged to show up on their mat, just as they are. To provide a clean, stimulating, fresh air facility. To open our doors to everyone, by offering affordable tuition. To develop teachers that leave their ego's at the door, teach from their heart, and believe that it is all about the students and not about themselves; to have each student leave class feeling uplifted, knowing that they make a difference in the world. This is Hot Yoga, Evolved."The class was fun!I took Hot Yasa, "An intermediate, still evolving class that consciously combines the practice of asanas (positions) with breathing work and music." I would say intermediate is an accurate description. Nothing too challenging, very basic postures and sequencing but it was definitely a flow, with 3-5 breathes per movement throughout the whole class.The playlist was fun with top 40s songs and I found myself singing along as I bounced and flowed. Ashton held the class beautifully. She was open and inviting, I felt well taken care and I noticed she used everyone's name at some point during the class.If you find yourself in Scottsdale and enjoy heated yoga of any kind, I most definitely recommend this studio!
5	HYU rules. prices are great, people are friendly, teachers are cool, and the porous floor in the studio room keeps it from smelling awful.i think there miiiight be some fluctuations in the heating systems, as i have felt a little cold in certain spots in the big room. can be crowded in the early afternoon and on weekends, so get there 15 minutes early. knock on wood, i've never really had a negative experience here and i don't expect you to either :) namaste
5	This is my favorite hot yoga studio in the Phoenix area. It's not Bikram yoga, which is why I love it! The instructors are amazing and extremely friendly. I always leave here feeling amazing. Drop in classes are only $10 and their packages are very reasonable too. It's a bit of a drive for me and every mile is worth it! It gets really busy after the holidays when people are getting their New Years Resolutions started, but it tappers off after February, so go early to find a spot during those first two months.
