3	tables and chairs cleanfood average - no pukingweird ass soft rock songs
2	If it is a fried food than you will find it here.I went here after some convincing from some co workers. Yes, it is in an old pizza hut. Yes there was a used condom in the parking lot, and yes the garbage truck drivers seem to frequent this place.For the low price of $7 with a drink access to a buffet full of random "delights" There is a salad side, with some salad that I have yet to see any one touch and macaroons, not Chinese last I checked but they have them near the salad.The center buffet area is the fried foods annex. Greasy egg rolls, uncross and greasy cream cheese puffs, fried bananas, French fries, dough nuts, fried fish and even pizza. None of them are stellar, most are even below bar.Another row contains the Chinese foods. The vegetarian options are limited to a mass of bean sprouts, veggie lomein noodles and the rices. Finally, there is the desert area, full of jellos and pineapple cubes, and pudding, and of course fortune cookies.I was also a bit disappointed that they re use siriacha sauce bottles for other sauces, as I would love to have siriacha with any food.While the eclectic mix of food is comical, the overall result is just mass quantities of subpar food. If you are starving and need to raise your cholesterol, a few points this place may be for you. If you like quality look elsewhere.
2	For a speedy, cheap lunch, it's tolerable. As Asian food goes, Yeesh, I sure hope not.
3	Not too bad.  A little bit of a hole-in-the-wall Chinese buffet. Reasonably priced. I got it to go and took it back to my room at the Embassy Suites.
3	It's taken me three years to get back around to eating here, but after sadly discovering that Eastern Buffet at 16th St. & Thomas has closed, this was the nearby alternative for the same sort of place today.Things haven't changed much here.  The dining room is getting just a little run down but the priced have barely increased & the food was good again.They still had the tasty, spicy meat (beef?  pork?) & veggie soup to enjoy among the 49 main food items, & some other dishes that were particularly good this time were the fried shrimp, the Garlic Shrimp, which was a tasty dish with more seafood in it plus a variety of veggies, in a nice sauce.  The Orange Chicken was terrific, & the fried chicken was above average too.  They also had Egg Foo Young, & it was the real thing not hockey pucks.SO, this roaring busy, slightly dumpy place gets another solid 3 Stars this time.     :-)Lunch Buffet $6.85 Monday through Friday, $7.99 Saturday & Sunday.  Help-yourself beverages are included & they open at 10 AM every day.
2	My mother used to eat here all of the time until her medical emergency. This place is pretty much a below average Chinese buffet. I wasn't too impressed with the selection and the quality was definitely sub-par,The facts:Pros:1.  Easy to find off of 24th Street in Phoenix. It obviously used to be some sort of fast food place.2.  Plenty of parking in general.3.  The dinner buffet was $8.75 which is cheap considering what other buffets might charge.4.  The selection is pretty decent but very heavy on chicken oriented dishes.Cons:1.  A little too salty on most of it's food. As I stated, they are very heavy on chicken oriented dishes.2.  I just don't think jello belongs in a buffet. It's a cheap option to maximize profit. Not very impressed by red and green jello.3.  The egg rolls were pretty bad. Yes they were crunchy on the outside but felt undercooked on the inside. That means soggy, which isn't a good thing.This would be a good choice after a drunken stupor evening when it doesn't matter what you put in your stomach. As for a choice, I would most likely avoid this place.
