4	It's nice to see a place dedicated to beer.  I'm reserving my complete review for when this place actually becomes a brewery - I'm certainly hoping they will continue to shine.  That said, the selection of all things drink-wise is quite impressive.  I'd say I hope they rotate in some beers and out others, but the choices are so vast that they truly don't need to do that (but I hope they keep up with the vast options).  Even as brewery, it would be nice to have so many choices if you weren't feeling a specific drink.  Tons of delicious choices on the food menu as well.  I love that there are everything from nibbles to full blown meals.Prices right in line with the other establishments in the area.  It's right along the multi-use canal path, so it could make a great place to stop in for a drink (and food) after a ride around town.I can't wait to visit OHSO more often.
4	7 years strong, I religiously drive down Indian School past the German Sausage Co. Recently, I started seeing some activity going on...and then one day - BAM!! A sign pops up: O.H.S.O. Eatery + nanoBrewery .I couldn't wait to try it out, and knowing it opened just TO-DAY...I jumped at the opportunity.5 stars might be a bit pretentious, but I'm giving them an A for effort and 5 stars because honestly, I'd leave my office late....night after night ...after night....and would see these guys STILL working at 2 and 3am...just to get the place open. It's apparent there is some serious sweat equity, late nights and blue collar effort to get this place going. I highly respect this and give them props.Not to mention, I love the simplicity of the place. Yet, I can see it being the new, semi-non-trendy place to hang out. I know I'll be making it a recent stop. Rumor has it...they'll be renting out bikes (check them out as you walk in) and they offer mini-pitchers for $5 before 5 with tons of local beers on tap. It's nothing fancy, frilly or Scottsdale...it's casual and comfortable. My kinda place.So let's get down to business: Beers on Tap....they carry one of my girly favorites the White Chocolate Ale but this time I went for the Count Hopula and Nut Brown. Both great! The O.H.S.O. Amber was really good as well. Girls who might not be big beer fans might be a fan of the O.H.S.O. Raspberry Wheat although it was a bit light for my palette.Had some small bites, including the Brewers' Choice which was a mixture of your choice of 2 meats and 2 cheeses, accompanied by caramel popcorn, roasted nuts, bread & butter pickles, a homemade fruit roll up, cheddar crackers and fresh Italian bread. There was also a date/goat cheese butter that rocked and another assortment of roasted veggie/fruit relish. Great starter platter for sure. All the bread is made in-house! The Sharp Cheddar was awesome...the Red Dragon was basically a Mustard Seed cheese (don't choose this option if you hate whole grain mustard :) ) They have rotating meats but on the menu today was a Colorado Elk Sausage....AMAZING! Loved it.We also added the Crispy Calamari + Spicy Seared Ahi to our assortment. It was great with a citrus zest. Although next time, I need to try the marinated skirt steak.All in all, I believe this place will be an OH-SO great addition to the neighborhood.
4	If you're a beer fan, run - don't walk to O.H.S.O. (Full name = O.H.S.O. Eatery + Nano Brewery)  I've never seen so many craft beers and such a large representation of small and local breweries.  This place  has all the ingredients of a great casual neighborhood hang out. Perfect kind of place to ride your bike to - location is very North East Phoenix in the Arcadia neighborhood. The ambiance  -  It felt to me a little bit like being at a friend's house.  Inside - very comfortable - not stuffy at all.  Outside patio seating is really welcoming.   Love seeing the orange umbrellas on the patio facing Indian School Rd. - It just looks like HAPPY!  While were there we saw all ages, even some little kids with mommies having a 'girls' lunch'.  Plenty of variety on the menu - Items look really good and interesting spin on casual with a twist - from the familiar burgers  - Yummy with Gouda and bacon - house-made tomato soup to these cute little corn cake sandwiches.  Lots of smaller appetizer items to snack on.  The proprietor - Jon - even came over and introduced himself.  I'd say this would be a great place to meet up with some friends, and try a few new brews, watch a game, with a very decent accompaniment of tasty small plates or bigger meals.
3	I'm not gonna front: I applied to work at O.H.S.O., the new Arcadia eatery and nano-brewery, and did not get a call back. For that reason, I totally understand if you feel this review to be biased.That being said, I will probably be at O.H.S.O. everyday. I live in the neighborhood, am unemployed, and they have pitchers of Arizona beers for 5 dollars till 5pm. Hello alcoholism! When I saw this deal, I saw my life flash before my eyes and it involved a lot of weight gain mixed in with a heart attack. Unfortunately, I only saw this offer after ordering a soda. (I was sweaty and out of sorts, don't judge.) So, my future would have to wait.I'm also a vegetarian and while there are options-thankfully!-for us ninnies, I don't feel comfortable basing my entire review for things not applicable to a vast majority of the general population. Just know that. That being said, I got the veggie burger with a side of yucca chips and "dipping sauce." The dipping sauce turned out to be guacamole. Why they couldn't just be out in the open-it's 2011, people aren't scared of guacamole, y'all-was confusing. I felt mislead. I want some unknown dipping sauce! That's would be exciting.But that is not reality. The yucca chips tasted like thick regular chips of good quality. The veggie burger came on a buttery challah roll and featured some cherry tomatoes that had been marinated and some greens. The actual patty tasted pretty much like a soft, large falafel croquet. It had no sauce on it from what I can tell. I asked the bartender if a condiment should be put on it and he was like, "I like ketchup and mustard on it." This, I guess, is valid. It's marketed as a burger but it still seems like heresy. Everything else is abnormal about it-why would I put on the default condiments? Maybe some tsatziki?At the end of the meal, I had three samples of three beers for one dollar each. (Confused?) Two were from Arizona-a cream ale and Good Vibrations-and the third was from Montreal and made the other two seem like some ugz stepchildren of a beer master. So tasty, Canada! While you'd get strange looks, if you were to order 4 of the Montreal samples it would be the same amount of beer for fewer bucks than normal. Is it worth the scorn of your bartender? That is for you to decide.The main space is chill. In the interview, they noted how they wanted people to feel comfortable and stay for awhile. The furniture, airiness, and instructions to grab a seat wherevs ably connote this. There are TVs but they are not intrusive.The owners were rushing to get this restaurant open and while maybe no one else cares, I feel like they could've done a bit better with the bathroom. It has been barely remodeled from the old space, which is most noticeable because everything else looks so lovely. Except this weird, changing-color-announcement-board imploring you to try a beer in the foyer-that also seems out of place.In spite of these missteps, I'm down with what these people are trying to do. They have plenty of bike parking, they play decent music, they have a good menu, they're friendly. It is hard for things to come out as envisioned. (To wit: My food photography. Do you know how awesome that was gonna look in my head?) With time and work, I imagine things will get better.(This review is also available at http://www.barryarizona.com/2011/11/16/table-for-one-o-h-s-o/)
4	OHSO has hit a neighborhood niche; wow, decent beer AND food for a 30+ gen salary. There are kinks as they hit the ground running but the charm has started. Yep, they do need a a hostess and the smoker's lounge cannot be at the front door. There is also a poor French fry maker (so soggy!) and the unique, pricey cheese plates should be consistent.  It would be also awesome if they avoid the Scottsdale rock charge and charge for a decent pour. Welcome to Arcadia!
3	First off, let me congratulate OHSO on being open for business!  I was thrilled to see another local watering hole open in the neighborhood.  I frequent Arcadia Tavern and JT's often and will most likely add O.H.S.O to the rotation.  Upon entering OHSO, I remember my first impression being "Is this place really ready to be open for business".  I noticed a few unfinished details on the building (maybe intentionally) that left me wondering if this place decided to open overnight.Simple said, I appreciate good service.  There was a lack of this at O.H.S.O.  We were not greeted when we walked in.  There was a group of employees talking at the host stand and I had to approach them before they recognized our group.  They quickly said it was open seating and got back to their converstaion.  We grabbed seats in a booth in the bar area.  We probably sat there for about 5 mins trying to make sense of the various colored menus strewn across the table.  As we were all very thirsty for a cold beer, we decided to finally order at the bar.  Someone eventually came by.After some of our party left, 2 of us moved up to the bar and asked the bartender a few questions.  No one seemed to know what was going on.  Everyone appeared to be extremely busy with "busy work" instead of helping the patrons.  Seemed like a lack of training with the staff.  Overall, I think this place has the potential to be a cool spot and truly hope it does well.  If I could offer a few suggestions, they would be:1.  Have a dedicated host(s) greet people at the front door.  Take a hint from Arcadia Tavern.  I have never walked in there and not been greeted by a friendly smile.2.  Get the music in order.  If you want to a progressive/hip local brewery, you are going to have to do better than a "killers" album that was popular 4 years ago.3.  You have something that people want...BEER!  It's great service and attention to detail that will keep patrons coming back.I look forward to my next visit and I hope some of these kinks are worked out.
3	Fun place for a few beers.  Don't come hungry.  The food is not amazing.  (I'm hoping with time it'll get a little more inspired)  The plus side is that you won't offend any timid friends with scary foods, its your predictable cheese boards and flat breads.  Its just that it wasn't great....uninspired perhaps?Do come for the beer.  Although a few of the more interesting beers that were listed were sold out on the day we visited, there were plenty more beers to peak everyone's interest.The prices for the beer were reasonable, the food meh.Service was okay. Not the servers fault, they were just really busy and working out kinks I think.  I'm sure it'll get better as the weeks progress.  The music however was great.  A good mix of kicky (but not standard) 80s music (think Pet Shop Boys and not George Michael) along with some fun newer alternative music.  Great locationk parking is going to be tricky, I suspect eventuallly they'll just put in a valet. The interior is a lot of fun and comfy set ups for folks almost like a Vig patio setting indoors.
3	I'd love to give this place more stars just based on the local beer selection and decent beer prices however the food leaves much to be desired and is way overpriced. Ordered a burger and honestly I think I would have enjoyed a Mickey D's Big Mac just as much and $9 cheaper. We also split a hummus and a cheese plate. The cheese plate was good but again overpriced and the hummus was pretty much inedible. Tasted more like unflavored bean dip than hummus. The decor and patio are major improvements over the former establishment. Service was good and friendly. Hope they improve the menu and food pricing.
5	Great food and selection of Arizona microbrews. If you like microbrews this is a great place to go.  They do not serve any mainstream beers so if you are looking for a bud light this is not the place to go, its a place for true beer lovers.The food was fantastic. I had the meat and potato pizza which I was hesitant of at first but the waiter recommended it and I loved it.  My friend had the burger, it was very simple but the burger was juicy and delicious.Drinks can be a bit slow when the bar is packed but that is expected with a brand new place and I'm sure this will be fixed as everyone gets adjusted.
1	OHSO?  More like NO SO. Stuffy atmosphere, less than exciting menu, and waitress had no idea what she was talking about. This is a micro brewery: your staff should at least know what a beer tastes like, not just vodka cranberrys out of a red cup! Plus she got the order wrong three times and offered a sample of beer I was unsure about and proceeded to charge me for the flipping sample, without mentioning it. Not cool
4	My bf and I went to this new beer bar last night. Suffice to say I'm considering moving within walking distance. This is the bar you want in your neighborhood, luckily my boyfriend lives close by. If I could walk I suppose I'd be in trouble.The atmosphere is relaxed, the staff and patrons are friendly, and we ran into a few people we knew. For beers lovers, this is a dream come true. Tons of beers to try, brews you've never heard of, a rotation of the menu, and OHSO is soon to brew their own beer. DREAMY!I've heard mixed reviews from people regarding their food. We only had the Yucca chips and guac to munch on, which were good. I'll have to grab a burger soon, I'll sure I'll be back very very soon. I love trying new beers and with tasters I can try everything and move on to having pints of my favorite.So far I love the OHSO Raspberry Wheat Ale and the White Chocolate Ale. The Up River Lager from Mudshark was pretty tasty. The Two Hearted Ale was a bit too piney and hoppy and the Organic Chocolate Stout is for coffee lovers, which I am not. 5 down, many to go!
4	I have incredibly high hopes for this place! I was excited to try it for the first time last week and I was impressed considering it hasn't been open very long. My server was very patient with the number of questions I asked about the food and beer menus. She admitted she hadn't tried everything yet (which is better than people who give phony recommendations leaving you with something you don't like), but did make some great suggestions based on what she liked and offered to bring another server over whom she thought had tried some of the other menu items. The food was quickly served and was beyond delicious. I was actually pretty impressed since I was expecting it to be more "bar food" since that's what comes to mind when I hear "Brewery".  But it was a high quality MEAL, not just appetizers. The owner was around and seemed to be involved in making sure the place was running smoothly. Besides being very satisfied with the meal, I really love the atmosphere. I can't wait for nicer weather to sit out on the patio. I like that every room is so different and is offering basically whatever you're looking for in atmosphere. After talking to the server about future plans for this place, I couldn't be more excited about how close this place is to my house. I expect that when these plans come into play (live bands, make your brew, etc.) start happening, I will be updating this to a 5 star rating.
2	I've been to OHSO once with a friend and another time with a date.  I was excited to first go there due to their large arizona beer selection on tap.  Walking in, the place has a very industrial Arcadia look to it.  You could think of it as the Vig but with exposed cement board in the ceilings.  The crowd is a nice mix, but I never got passed the vibe.  It feels like a neighborhood bar where everyone knows each others name, but I don't know anyone.  There doesn't feel like there's any energy to the place.  Looking at the food menu, it's uninspired.  My friend ate lunch there and said it was nothing that great.  The thing I don't get is no happy hour.  Okay okay.. there's happy hour.. but it's until 5pm.  I don't work dental office hours and neither do most of my friends.With so many other places offering a better vibe, food, and happy hour within a mile, I just don't think I'll be going back again.I can sum up the whole experience to what happened on our way out.  OHSO is like the candy jar my date and I saw when we walked out.  She was excited to see it and grabbed one.  A few seconds later she made this sour face when she found out it was black licorice.
4	Been there twice.  Once for a yummy brunch.  For $10 smackaroos you get a choice of delicious meal and a beer or mimosa.   Service was very friendly and timely.I got the eggs on muffins with bacon and salsa....very tasty.Also went for drinks and appetizer in the evening.  Very good ahi and calamari plate.
4	I recently tried OHSO. Nice layout and design... modern and casual. Their menu features cheese and charcuterie plates, flatbreads, burgers, and other comfort-style dishes. I had the grilled cheese with a cup of tomato soup. The tomato soup reminded me of pepperoni pizza, which was strange at first but actually pretty good. It was the perfect order for a chilly, rainy day. The 48th Street Fizz (orange vodka, pineapple, lemon, st. germaine, and beer) was sweet, but tasty (love cocktails with carbonation). They have an extensive list of local and regional beers. Overall, it's a nice little neighborhood spot.
3	I don't know what OHSO is trying to be. The spiffy name and sleek exterior make you think you are in for an inventive, trendy experience. The interior, though, is a little modern, a touch industrial, with a heavy dose of down-home Midwest, sort of "modern barn" as my SO eloquently deemed it. There is a good beer list, but it's not insane. The menu is pretty standard, but the inclusion of a children's menu threw me for a bit of a loop, especially since the median age of the patrons there appeared around 50. The place was moderately busy, but service was sort of spotty. I tried a couple of their specialty cocktails: good but not great. We started with the green chile dip, which ended up being what seemed eerily similar to spicy hummus, just served hot. The "flatbread" on the side (essentially pita) was accompanied by potato chips. Just.... odd. Not bad, just odd. The grilled cheese was good and the ingredients fresh, but nothing to write home about. The fries were tasty, probably because they reminded us both of McDonald's. The small side of bread and butter pickles was amazing - the best part. We ordered the apple pie a la mode, with cinnamon ice cream. The dessert was amazing, really, although there was a heavy dose of peanut butter which really threw us off. Turns out they were out of cinnamon ice cream, and subbed in the PB version on the fly. Probably would have been nice to know on the front end....Overall, a solid "meh". I love seeing unique places like this pop up in the neighborhood, but I don't know that OHSO has enough panache to survive...
1	I was very excited to check this place out with a friend of mine. It's always nice to have a new spot open up in the area. You always hope that someone has finally done it right. The unfortunate truth is that this place needs to be on the show called "Restaurant Impossible". I'm not kidding when I say this, go and see for yourself.I have no animosity for this place, it was just very disappointing to see a group of guys / young boys (owners/Investors) standing around in their poor choice of wanna be club shirts that they probably got on sale at Marshall's, along with their poor hair grooming and unprofessional demeanor. It was as if they felt that their machine was up and running and that no improvements or the customer experience was even a possibility of a real issue. The bartender had a frown on his face the entire time, and our waitresses were as friendly as can be but really need to be informed and educated on their brews. I do not put this responsibility on the girls as much as I do the poor management.Now, with my ranting aside, my reasons for disappointment were as follows:We ordered the Brewer's Choice Plate which consisted of Mortadella, Prosciutto, and Tuscan Salami, along with a choice of cheeses and a bunch of fillers that they included.The plate came out and was presented well, but right away the cuts of meat were a disappointment. The thickness of the cuts was ridiculous and embarrassing. The Mortadella was almost room temperature, which can actually be a health hazard. Prosciutto was some sort of cheap salt cured, and hopefully pre-sliced. If they sliced it in house their chef should be fired for slicing such a thick cut of prosciutto. Even a non-chef knows that much. The salami was certainly nothing special, and again the Mortadella was the biggest disappointment. With this as my first impression of the food, I was very turned off and don't see them lasting very long if they don't fix such simple but important things. I suggest that they visit 'The Parlor' and take a look at the quality of the Artisan meats that they serve on their carving board, along with the thickness and temp of the meats. There is no comparison, and this is a no brainer for even a Foodie, much less a chef or a business that was swarming with inexperienced management at the time.So the next item was the Meat and Potato Flatbread with Pork Belly and three cheeses. I will say that it was mediocre, but missing some element of flavor to make it complete. The chips and guacamole were simple, but no complaints there. I enjoyed the Yucca Chips.I am not trying to be an extreme hater, but this place has a ton of hype out there and they aren't delivering quality products or service. They need to turn it up and light a fire under the asses of these young guys that are looking at a high profit margin by sacrificing quality food. They will need to offer much higher quality products if they want to stay afloat. i wish them the best and would love to try them again if I hear that they got everything straightened out. This would be an ideal location and they have a great concept.Cheers and good luck guys! Constructive criticisms are all I am offering and wish you the best. :)
3	Drive past this place every day to and from my trek to work. I first noticed it a few months ago when they put up the signage. The cool, sans serif font and brightly-lit sign caught my attention. As a designer, I'm always intrigued by good design. So I had this one in my mental "to do" list for quite some time.Finally hit it up last night and admittedly was not impressed. Upon walking in, it seemed very bare. I'm all for minimalism, but it didn't seem designed that way on purpose. It felt like when you live in a big house with not enough stuff to decorate it. The layout was sort of odd and it just felt empty. Granted, we went when it wasn't very busy, but still. That was what I immediately felt upon walking in. I ordered the prosciutto salad and my friend the cheeseburger with gnocchi and bolognese. They had a pretty good beer selection, but neither of us felt like drinking so will have to review that at another time. The service was pretty fast and our server was very pleasant, as was the rest of the staff we encountered. The presentation of the food was attractive, so I can appreciate that. But I found my salad to be fairly bland with not enough dressing. I don't even like a ton of dressing, but it was just an awkward salad to eat, if that makes sense. It came with some homemade cheddar crackers which were also somewhat bland. I did not try my friend's cheeseburger, but he said it was pretty standard. Good but not amazing. The gnocchi and bolognese was way too sausage-y and didn't seem like anything special.Overall, a little to pricey for mediocre food. i like their concept/design and think they could take it a lot further. (hire me!) ;)
5	It was a great meal. Love the beers. Think this place has a few kinks to work out on their menu. But welcome to the Arcadia hood we look forward to you succeeding!
5	we had a great experience for a mid week lunch.  The ohso rita flatbread I had was very very good, and the wife loved the hot pastrami sandwich, even commenting 2 days later (while we were at another restaurant) at how good the bread on the sandwich was.  My 5 year old has asked no less than 10 times to go back, he wants another grilled cheese sandwich.  My only minor complaint was that the kids meal says it included the drink, but we were charged for the kids drink, really no biggie, maybe I read it wrong.  best deal on local AZ beer if you are there from 12-5? you get a 32oz pitcher (2 pints!) for $5.  that really is impossible to beat, considering the GREAT selection of local brew they have.I see people have commented on the sparse/industrial decor?  really?  kind of a dumb complaint in my opinion.  Concentrate on the product and service, the decor was as good as I expected and very comfortable for me and the family.   Bravo, keep up the good work.
4	We live in the neighborhood so were excited to see a new place with a huge range of beers open up.The decorations are a bit sparse, but we like to sit on the patio or the conversation areas near the bar, which are perfect this time of year. Yucca chips are personal favorites, as is the gnocchi bolognese. Burger wasn't bad, but a burger is just a burger. They're still adjusting their menu it seems, which I expect any place to do for the first few weeks as they settle in.I really love their commitment to craft beer, especially Arizona beers. $5 pitchers of AZ beer before 5:00 is not only quite a tasty offering, but appeals to my love of all things local.Give OHSO a try!
4	I wish I was a beer drinker.But alas, I am not.  But the people that I was with on Friday were and they had nothing but great things to say about the beer selection. I had cider...which really doesn't tell you much.  But I did try their sangria and I really wasn't impressed.  It was pretty awesome that the owner, John, came up and chatted with us for a good half hour about the restaurant.  It has only been open for 6 weeks and they are trying different things with the menu.  The micro brewery won't be up and running for another 6-9 months, but the beers that they had were from breweries local and from the western side of the country.  He also let my two friends try different types of beer to see what they would like.  I only heard amazing things about the White Chocolate beer that they had.  He also explained to me why I may had not like the sangria, which was also interesting.  I did not have anything to eat while I was there, but I had to say that the ribs that our neighbors at the next table were having smelled AMAZING!  (I am not a BBQ person by any means, so that to me was a big plus) My friend and I both commented that we had to try this place since we drove by it so many times.  I can't wait to go back and try the food...and update the review! :)
3	If you like hot cucumbers, you'd better get into OHSO fast, because I'd bet this place has a six month to one year lifespan. Really, hot cucumbers? My partner and I were excited to see OHSO from the street, and I was particularly intrigued with the "Nano Brewery" moniker. Sounds great! Big disappointment. They are trying to be like St. Francis or The Vig, and it ain't working for them. And then I ordered a $12 or $13 "flatbread," which was a tiny square pizza with hot cucumbers on top of it. That's right . . . cooked cucumbers. Ugh!!! After scraping the cucumbers off, the balance of the chicken flatbread tasted OK. But like so many things on the menu here at OHSO, it was overpriced and uninspired.I like the beer list, but that's about it. Give it a little more intimate interior design, set up an outrageous happy hour, and this place could make it. But not like it is now. No way.Edited on Jan 3, 2015: We've been back. We really like the back patio there. Beer choices are great, not so much difference on food. I'd like a better happy hour. Bumping up by one star.
4	My boyfriend and I came here this past Friday night for dinner as we had both drive by the place quite often and have been wanting to try it out. The service was great and I liked the wide open space. We tried two different beer samples for a $1 each and settled on splitting a pitcher of Levitation which we both enjoyed.We ordered the green chile dip appetizer. I ordered the shrimp tacos and my boyfriend ordered the brisket. He LOVED the brisket and after taking a bite of it, I could see why. It was quite good. My shrimp tacos however, were so bland that I barely ate half of my meal. And it was a "small plate." I wasn't the biggest fan of our appetizer but after tasting my dinner, I decided I liked the dip a lot more and finished it off. Definitely do not recommend the shrimp tacos.One annoying thing was our meals came out right after our appetizer. A little time in between would have been good - but I'll take that over slow service any day. I'm giving this place four stars because of how great the brisket was and despite not liking my dish, I had a great time and think this place has lots of potential. I'll be back to try something else!
3	Anybody who spends a minute on Indian School road cruising to and fro Old Town has been sure to see the Orange Sign of O.H.S.O. teasing them as the latest BARCADIA experience to pop up.  Yet another neighborhood bar/gastro pub which has become the genre of the moment in Arcadia.  I must admit the formula works and if O.H.S.O. is able to keep pace then hurray for all of us.In this case the 3 star rating represents a perfectly MOR experience.  Starting with design O.H.S.O. stayed true to the area trends with mix material semi-industrial set-up.  It's many nooks and cranny's are probably meant to be quaint and homey but it seems a little busy and disjointed.  And although the place is cute enough, I could not help but feel it was not complete.  Maybe it wasn't. I was lucky enough to grab lunch just a couple of days after it opened, they may have some final touches to put on.  In short I have nothing bad to say but I did not get that wow effect I was hoping for. As for food - it was one of those menus where nothing really reached out and grabbed hold of me.  I settled for a flatbread on server recommendation.   It was pretty flavorful and for value again not bad, not great I guess just about right.   Another 3 stars.My service was excellent:  Passionate,  Proud of his new place, knowledgeable and excited.  That was the best part of the experience and the one thing that will bring me back.  My ice tea was full, recommendations sincere and my table clean. What more could I ask for?  It was very refreshing to see that type of pride and enthusiasm from an employee.The local beer touch was refreshing as well and a great connection to the local community.  In short O.H.S.O. which my server quipped was "OH-SO tastey" seemed to be OH-SO, O.K.   There is reason enough to go back and see how it evolves.   As it competes with some of the neighborhoods similar experiences I think it has just a little work to do.  I am always rooting for a new spot and I will do the same for O.H.S.O.
4	Two additional visits:One for happy hour.   Go the cheese appetizer plate....bit pricey $18 for a soso plate.  NORTH has a better plate for $10 happy hour.  Also, the waitresses blood went cold the second she realized we were there for a drink and appetizer and not for dinner.Again went back for Sunday 10am brunch.  Almost no one there.....but the waitress was SUPER slow.  Was 1/2 hr until she finally started bringing our drinks...and finally had to ask the manager to get the last drink (a mimosa...) made and at the table.Then the five breakfast meals came out in spurts....with again one coming 10 minutes after.   Manager again super apologetic and comped the late plate.Want this place to make it. Great menu...but the waitresses seem to be A.D.D. or just living in another world.
3	I like this place. I'm rooting for it. It has some good things going for it, and some not so good things. The GoodIt has a good beer selection. I love a place that has good beers and not "many beers on tap" that prove to be the stuff sold at 7-Eleven. It's broken down into AZ based beers, and non-AZ beers to explore. The place is also has nice decor. It has a minimalistic vibe, still feels local and can see it becoming a go-to place for people in the area. The BadUnderstand, I'll give a "get out of jail free" card here because the place is new and I do plan on going back to see how it matures, but for now, it has some growing pains. The service has been hit or miss. I've been several times. When busy, I have to fight for attention to place an order. When slow, I still need to call attention to the servers. If you're busy, that's fine. If you're slow, don't hang around with the other servers and chat. Once they discovered us, they were attentive. The food is average. I can understand this for a place wanting to be known more for their beers, but when you're official name includes the word "eatery", the food should be good. I've had the flatbreads and they can be better. Final comment is that I'm excited to see how their own "nano beers" turn out. I believe they are not allowed to sell their own brews just yet. Will be interesting to see how this place matures.
3	Truly don't appreciate the pathetic TEASE they have by naming this place with initials, yet refusing to tell us what they actually mean.  If there isn't a clear meaning, then you're lame for having a name like this.  Please, drop the act.They don't brew their own beers as of now.  They're contracted out by someone else (Grand Canyon I think, which doesn't have a good reputation for award winning beers).Large tap selection, but sadly it is heavily skewed heavily towards Arizona beers which are not exactly highly rated, nor sought after by those really into great craft beer.  Luckily they still have some of the better regional beers from California & Colorado (among others) on tap as well.Food is extremely high in price, excluding happy hour.  Maybe they'll do better than the failed German places in this location before it.
5	Had a fantastic evening with friends and neighbors for Jeff's birthday.Terrific eats and brews and drinks in this spectacular environment.Thanks.
4	So I didn't try the beer BUT the bloody mary's are amazing.  A-ma-zing.  I also ordered the pork arepa.  Super flavorful and the perfect amount if you're beyond starving, which I was.  My friend ordered the green chili pulled pork sandwich which was equally as good.  I will definitely be back.  If anyone has had a bad experience here, it must've been a fluke...
2	Sad, but true -- another half-hearted attempt to create a local neighborhood bar falls short.   The reviews on here already say it all, so here are my Cliff notes.Don't name your place something catchy, only to have no meaning behind it.  We asked our server, and her answer was, "We don't know..." Make it up at this point, to avoid the buzzkill when the answer falls short.  How about, "So-So" instead?Salads follow the motto, "Quality over quantity." The few little grapes hidden in the bottom didn't justify a $12 salad with no taste and bland dressing.I wanted to like, actually -- LOVE this place, and I was sad with the experience. The prices are high, and services is sub-par, and they might just get away with it for a year or so.I am the biggest supporter of local biz you will ever know, so it bums me out to write this.  Maybe with some tweaks, OHSO can turn it around.
4	I'm a big fan of the beer selection and the gnocchi bolognese.  It's tough to get a drink from the bar when it's crowded and you're waiting for a table.
4	Ate lunch here during the week.  Great food for the price.  Cool atmosphere.  Makes me think twice about driving 3 more miles to Old Town. I'm not a beer drinker, but I welcome establishments like these to add to the Arcadia mix of wine bars.
2	The outside looks pretty cool, but the inside missed big time.  I think they were trying for hip, industrial... and instead it seems like a banquet hall.  Lots of beers on tap, but both of ours were hardly cold, and my husbands was flat.He had the Pisa Flatbread, it was okay, nothing to drool over.  I had the steak skillet thing... what a mess.  Hardly any meat, and it's just a bunch of soggy french fries mixed with onion, pepper and some cheese.  I usually enjoy checking out the Restrooms, as so many now adays are interesting... didn't even bother here.  And they have valet parking!!  Really!!?  This place doesn't justify it.  Big disappointment....OK....  after I did this review, I got an e-mail from Jon, one of the owners.  Was very surprised.  Glad to know that they do pay attention to us Yelpers!!  Good business Jon, and I hope that my review does give constructive feedback....  with such a response, we may give it another shot!!    Good luck
2	Warm beer mugs and warm beer...not a good combination if you are a brewery.Please get some frosted mugs in that place!
4	This location has been re-born as a really comfortable hang-out.  NICE open patio for the bar, choice of couch seating and low top or high top tables.  Way to support the local breweries with a very solid offering of brews from all over Arizona!  Nice menu, not to full of itself but interesting enough to make us ask a few questions.  The Yucca Chips are nothing more than a crunch delivery system for the guacamole which is tasty!Husband says YES to the fresh, flavorful, juicy burger - even the bun was good and it stood up to the toppings!Apple pie tasted homemade except BETTER because my crust sucks and their's did not!    GOOD DATE NIGHT PLACE or place to meet up with friends and hang!
3	more like a 3.5 stars and strictly a beer review, though beer is my food.If I were to convert a beer hater to the beer world, I would bring them here.  It's clean cut, modern with a sweet and not too hoppy tap list.  The list is pretty impressive, half from Arizona and the rest are seasonal beers from known breweries.   Taster's a $1, $2 for the rare beers.  If you're a new beer convert: Try the White Chocolate Ale, Orange Blossom and OHSO Raspberry Wheat. For you beer geeks you don't need my advice, though the White Chocolate was my favorite on tap.  Surprisingly wheaty, with milk chocolate body and a clean crisp finish.  My major complaint here is that it just doesn't feel like an authentic beer bar, it looks the part, but its lacks something.  Quoting the bartender, "we keep what sells."  Not exactly a mood lifter.  I know it's a business, but I've come to expect more from my bartenders.  And it's not the best place to spark up a beer chat with your neighbor.  I'll be back for happy hour, it's tough to beat $5 for local beer, convenience and some good TVs .  A note of caution to prevent awkward moments.  Before settling in, check the bar in case you run into your pops.
3	Right now this patio is dope because it faces west and the weather is beautiful.  The beers are decent, but a little heavy on the AZ beers.  I'd like to see as many AZ beers along but a larger selection of beers then.  I really like the Papago Coffee Beer being available there.  The service is good as well, my server was very helpful and accomodated us in everyway.  I agree with some of the other reviews about the inside atmosphere; its not so enticing.  Food is good, could be alot better with the crowd they draw in though.  They could do more local meat and veg like St. Francis.
3	When we arrived, I was a little leary because of the valet setup. You know, that "another" VIG feeling. But all was well. Did not eat, just met some friends and had beers on the patio. Location is great and the patio was comfy to hang out at. Hipster level - OK. Beer selection is excellent. They have the $1 and $2 tastes that make it kinda cool to try beers. The service was slow on the night we went. Did not seem like a lot going on, but I we had to wait a few times when we were parched. Cool interior and good mix of people. Music selection was good and started to sway to a personal preference of hair metal close to midnight. I want this place to be Better and succeed! Stay tuned, I will update when we eat. Prices are fair.
5	Great beer selection for all people!  Love all the microbrews on tap.  Good food too!
3	I keep going to this place beause its close and its the best tap + atmosphere close.  I'm excited about the back patio opening up.  I with they had some good IPAs on tap especially with it starting to warm up.  The AZ IPAs are hem-haw; I want some Colorado or North Cali IPAs, heck even some Oregon ones would be nice.  Oh and how bout some happy hours specials on the menu.  Could be a good idea to change that menu up a litttle too.
4	I have been here 3 times so far. The food has been really tasty.  This area has been waiting for a place like this as you can see from the crowded parking lot almost every night.  They have a solid beer selection and the $1 tasters let you explore.  Try the shrimp tacos!  I'm looking forward to my next visit.
4	O.H.S.O. is working it. They've got a good selection of beers and that propagates Phoenix's beer revolution, and they're liberal with the samples, which is terrific. With the exception of the arepas, the menu is fairly standard pub fare. I don't recommend the arepas, though, or at least the tuna one. It just wasn't clicking.O.H.S.O.'s best aspect is ambiance. With warm colors and wood accents, it feels like a nice, friendly pub you can bring your kids to. Considering the other options for decent beer selections around central Phoenix, O.H.S.O. isn't perfect, but it might be the best short of a drive to Papago.Also, Arizona's beer culture is picking up, but it is just not there yet. I appreciate O.H.S.O.'s dedication to local brewers, but they'd be better off reaching into California/Oregon/Colorado than hosting a bunch of mediocre Fretzky's taps. Or at least some of Four Peaks better stuff...
3	Fun place for a few beers and live music.  It's a big space with a lounge-like room in the back for some good entertainment.  I've heard mixed reviews on the food from good to meh but both times I stopped in were for the liquid meals.  As for the beers of course there should be something of interest for just about anyone There is a pretty good beer selection from your ales, ipas, and lots of local flavor.  Service was a little slow but overall okay.  The bar is pretty big and open with plenty of seating.  Will have to sample the food and stay a bit longer on my next visit.
4	Fantastic new back patio with stellar views and super ambience!  Had a couple o' pitchers....some delish flat bread to nosh on...and great service.
4	Being an out of towner, and one who digs on the local scene, it was a pleasure finding OHSO! I mean what's not to like about nano-brewery beer right?1st off - great service... we had a party of 19... no "OMG face from the manager / hostess" - nothing but... "No prob... we got this!" - Waitstaff was off the charts friendly & efficient... definitely added to the experience.Menu is small plates, big plates, flatbreads, salads & something you almost never see on menus... Arepas... After a couple of 6% alcohol content "Kilt-lifters"... it was time to chow down. Feeding a herd of 19 buzzed semi-mature but hungry men is no easy task.I had the beet salad & the shrimp taco small plate... Small plate? It was 5 tortillas and a whole lot of shrimp cooked to perfection...  awesome!The others dined on ribs, pulled pork & pastrami... amongst other things... not one negative among the chosen chow...Interesting mix of locals and hipsters...  I guess the bird-shit covered maserati belonged to one of the local posers? Perhaps... but for the most part, a fun, easy going crowd who were there for the food... and the mostly, the beer...A definitely must try in the AZ
4	Best patio in town.  Only visited once so far.  Food above average and the menu has a good variety that goes beyond basic bar food. Service and the patio were A+.  The place just has a cool vibe to it.  Can't wait to go back.
4	Been to OHSO a few times since opening and there is a lot to like about it.  First off, there beer selection is great!  There is a wealth of choices available, many of which are not commonly seen or carried at most bars or restaurants. For the micro brew fans, you will love this place!  It gives you the ability to try some of the best selections out there from across the state and also some of the most popular out of state brewery's.  OHSO scores high marks on environment as well especially now that the new back patio has opened.  Great idea to do that especially with the canal behind it and the limited space up front.  If you get there during happy hour and wonder where all the people are, they are out back!My only downside to OHSO so far has been the food.  I like the creative menu idea but nothing I have had has ever stood out in any way.  It is neither good or bad, just average.  I guess I tend to compare everything to 4Peaks and that is hard to compete with.  But overall, who cares.  Lets go drink some beer!
1	Went to OHSO on a Sunday afternoon for some Beers and Grub. Being that I mostly find myself hanging out in Downtown Scottsdale and Arcadia I had felt bad by not showing them some love. Wish I could say the love was returned. For only being open as short of a time as they have been what a dirty place. I sat and watched at least five of the beer taps constantly drip which in turn created rust spots dripping down the same cabinets that were just painted over from German Corner. The food was a two. Brisket sandwich was a gut busting stomach rock and if you are going to try to do breakfast/brunch it really shouldn't be that difficult . As we were leaving we ran into some local food industry people we knew and found out about a back patio which you really wouldn't know was there if it wasn't pointed out. Was hoping for a mind-blowing patio to save our overall experience but ended up being a bar made of 2x4's with a bunch of fruit flies and a not so great view of the Scottsdale drainage canal. Woohoo.
5	I got brunch here on a Sunday, and it was amazing in so many different ways. I loved the environment, which was kind of like a more unique down to earth version of Postino's/Livingroom. The food was delicious. We had the breakfast flatbread and breakfast burrito. Of the two, the burrito was the best! It's quite possibly the best breakfast burrito I've ever had. An added bonus was how the brunch menu was paired with a beer or mimosa, which reminded me of our European travels like how in Paris our lunch was paired with wine or beer. The best part is that they're dog-friendly complete with a water station!
4	Good food and vibe. A much needed addition to Arcadia!
5	Food is fantastic, my friends and I have been here many times and we have never had a bad experience.  The new back patio is great, service always good.  Good overall vibe there..
4	Enjoyed the extensive beer list.  With hot summer days just around the corner...and this place just around MY corner...the thought of summer just became a tad bit more tolerable!
4	My wife and I went here and sat on the patio near the canal. The temperature was perfect for being outside and the view of Camelback was sublime. My only complaint about the seating was it was difficult to read our menus when we were there in the evening.Our waiter was friendly and helpful.The chicken salad sandwich I had was very good and my wife loved the burger she ordered.All in all a very nice and relaxing Sunday evening dinner.
5	Great addition to the neighborhood! Since I discovered this place, I have been at least 4 times. The space is very  big yet cozy. It has an area for whatever mood your in. There is the main dining area, the bar section, the front patio, and the super cool big back patio. The back patio is lots of fun, but only open during the weekend. You can even bring your dog. I have tried several food items and all were very tasty. Of course, there is the beer. Too many to comment on, but the staff is very knowledgeable about the beer, and are very patient with helping you choose something new. Keep this place alive and go as often as possible.
4	Great addition to the Indian School corridor.  I love the location along the canal and the patio has great views of Camelback Mountain.  There is an extensive beer list and the drafts are reasonably priced.  The vibe is very cool and the bartender was extremely friendly and helpful.
5	After I left my first review owner sent me a message thanking us for our patronage. How sweet. ;)
5	Love this place. Great food. A large beer selection. The patio area is unique and is pet friendly. It even has a "Barking Bar" where your pup can get a drink of water.
5	have been back several times over the last few months, it is always the same, great food great service great prices.  Keep it up, and we will keep coming back!
4	Brisket sandwich to die for! Excellent beer selection! Id dine here again definitely
4	I guess the little 'R' icon means I'm a regular here - well I am. Four visits in the last month is about as regular as it gets for me (two of them in the same weekend as requested by my out-of-town visitors). After running along the canal for months seeing the words "Friendly Dog Patio" painted near the back, it was only a matter of time before my pup and I dropped by. We're both big fans!The wine and beer selections are terrific, and the meatless choices are abundant. Of the hummus, guac, yucca chips, flatbread, veggie burger, fries, arepas, and salads - I have yet to find something that hasn't been delicious. We're not talking epic creative fusion cuisine here, just above-average pub grub. The mixed drinks are okay, but most of them are on the sweet side which isn't my thang. Happy hour prices are spectacular and we've had some stellar service to boot (enough to make up for a couple of service hiccups).That fifth star awaits the back patio being open during the week. It's glorious with a view facing Camelback Mountain and set under the canal. The front patio view is well...the parking lot. Since I will likely always be outside with my dog, I'd rather not butt up to a piping hot grill. But I will give bonus points for having dog treats and a canine watering station. Woof woof hooray!
5	Large beer selection and a great food. There is also a big patio out back to enjoy the milder months.
4	I love this place.  It's right down the canal from where I live, and one of the few patios that I know you can watch a sports game outside.  Everything I've ever ordered has been delicious.  Did I mention how cool their patio is?  They even have bowls of water so you can bring the pups along!  And Crispin, I love that stuff, this place has it.  Taking off a star for happy hour ending at 6pm and no reverse happy hour.  This place is DEAD after about 10pm on the weekends.  Come on... put the special on....you know you want to....and then this would be the perfect bar within a quick walk home.  And I'd be your biggest fan!
4	Cool place with lots of beer choices. I didn't eat but we got good service and there was plenty of seating and a good atmosphere. There is also a patio out back that allows dogs, but it's only open on the weekends (not when I was there). I will be back to try the food for sure and will update my review accordingly.
4	Great changing beer list, without pandering to the mainstream boring choices. Manager Paul is a class act.
3	I went to OHSO with a large group of friends and we were seated really quickly even though the place was packed.  The ambiance is great.  The only reason why I gave it 3 stars was because I've been twice and wasn't extremely impressed with the food.  I'm a vegetarian and loved the fact that they have a veggie burger.  The burger was good, not amazing.  Another time I ordered some type of flat bread pizza which wasn't great.  One of my friends had the pulled pork and he LOVED it.
5	O.H.S.O. is probably the best bar I've been to in Phoenix. Coming down from Flagstaff on an evening in late May, my wife and I were looking to celebrate, and remembered seeing this place and feeling intrigued. They still don't have their "nanoBrewery" going, but it looks like that's coming soon. What they do have is a beer tap that knocked my socks off. If you like microbrewed beer, this is the place to go. Half the beer list is from Arizona, including some of our favorite Flagstaff breweries, and many excellent Phoenix area breweries. The left side is from slightly further afield. No Bud Light here.Our biggest disappointment of the evening was that we didn't bring our dog. As soon as we walked in the front door, we saw a flashing sign for a "Dog Friendly Back Patio." The first server we saw told us to sit anywhere, and that the patio was available. When we got out there, the air was cool, the atmosphere was open, and the music was fun but not so loud we couldn't hear each other. The patio was clean, and well established. Our server was attentive and friendly, but not oppressive.We didn't have dinner, just the green chile dip (a warm kind of humus), the beet salad, and some beer. All of the above were tasty, and just what we were looking for. At the end of the evening we went back inside for a performance by the house band, The Persuaders, who were fun to watch.
5	Great restaurant/bar. Lots of their own brews. Great beer selection. They even had a cider for me! I'm not a huge fan of beer, but cider beer is great! Everyone at my table seemed to like the beers that they had. I came with party of 10-12 people and they were able to get us a table. We went on a Tuesday and they had happy hour until 6 p.m. They weren't offering any food specials. But, they had specials on pitchers of beer. I ordered the fish and chips. It was three huge pieces of Mahi and fries. Delicious, but too much for me to eat. The flatbread pizzas looked delicious. I definitely want to go back again and maybe try one of their flavored beers and a pizza. :)
3	O.H.S.O Bland. This place is in such a beautiful, industrial space, but it's so boring. It really lacks personality which given the concept, and building, is so easily capable of achieving. Of course, the beer selection is great. They snuck the Sam Adams Boston Lager onto their menu, which I think is a wonderful beer, but not appropriate in the grand selection at O.H.S.O.  I found the patio furniture they had near the cool garage doors was a bit tacky. I don't think this is a permanent location for this bar, but I think they could've done a better job with decor and furnishings. The service was fine, as were the beers.
4	I dig this place. Shame they were out of Papago Orange Blossom when we came! Food is good and lovely selection of beer!!
5	Since my first review, I have been back a couple of times and had a chance to try out the menu and the dog patio. All of the food I've tried has been great, and the burger is one of the best I've had anywhere, and worth the price which is just a bit higher than average. This is definitely my favorite place within walking distance of home. The (dog friendly) back patio was nice and I got there as they were starting to close it down for the night and the bartender was over it. He obliged and served me and a few others who arrived a few minutes later, but he wasn't happy about it. I don't know if they serve their entire beer list in the back or if he just didn't want to have to go to the front to get them, but the beer list I got back there was a fraction of the list up front. Still, there were some good options and if that is the tradeoff for having my dog with me, I'll take it.
5	You have to experience this place to find out for yourself what all the "RU-HA" is all about!The place has great food, great live entertainment, and great selection of Micro-Brews on tap!
2	I want to like it.  I really do.  They have an amazing back patio and carry Tito's vodka (which is super delicious if you haven't tried it).  But every time I've gone, something has disappointed me.  First off, service is nothing to write home about.  The first time we were here, we grabbed a table in the bar and were told we'd have to check in with the hostess for that table.  We checked in with her and were told it would be about 15-20 minutes.  We headed to the bar to grab a drink while we waited.  After we got our drinks, the hostess found us and said our table was ready.  Guess what table it was.  That was a big WTH.  Our server had to be flagged down by us when we wanted to order another drink or food.  He was ok with visiting all of his other tables around us though.  The next 2 times I've been here, the service was better, but terribly slow.Next up is the beer.  It is tasty.  I don't drink beer, but my friends let me try the ones they ordered.  I know that beer is best cold.  I imagine how much more these tasty beers would be if they were weren't warm.  It is a nanoBrewery for goodness sake.  Keep your main product cold!Finally, the food.  I'm just going to talk about one instance.  Brunch.  We ordered a breakfast flatbread that called for an over-medium egg to be on top.  The egg was completely cooked.  The yolk was solid which I find disgusting in a fried egg.  The point of an over-medium egg being on top of a pizza is so the runny yolk gets all over it.  And it's amazing when done right.  If the yolk isn't going to be runny, then scramble the darn things so it can be easily spread across the pizza.  The cost of the flatbread did include choice of beer or mimosa, so that helped the cause.Will I return here?  I'm sure my friends will want to have drinks on the patio and I will go with them.  Will I ever suggest to go here?  No way.
5	We tried OHSO for dinner tonight and could not have been happier with the food, beer, and service. For happy hour, you get $6 baby-pitchers of local brews -- good stuff. My wife (a vegetarian) had the Mediterranean Salad, sans meat, and loved it. I had one of the chicken flatbreads and it was delicious. I'd like to try almost everything on the menu.The beer list is unique and unmatched from what I've seen so far in the valley. Service was outstanding. Give it a shot. I hope this place sticks around, because we will be back often.
4	I went here with a large group last night for a birthday celebration...it was bar #2. We had 8 people there and the people at OHSO were very accommodating for our party. We sat on the patio, which was nice. I actually only had food at this place, so can't comment on the drinks, but I split their bbq burger with the BF and I thought it was really good! Now, it may be because I was drinking, but I ate my half burger so fast it was ridic. This bar has a very relaxed atmosphere and the waiter didn't try to hurry us out, even when the drinking had slowed down. I would definitely go here again!PS I want to try a beer breakfast....what an awesome idea!
2	The noise makes it almost impossible to talk. The staff looks like the customers or the customers are better dressed. Staff is wrinkled, sunglasses on the back of their head, it's hard to know who you supposed to ask for help. Once you know, they are responsive, friendly and willing to please.The food is fair, dressings, sauced are too watered down. The food is minimal in terms of amounts for the money. It is a favorite among the neighborhood but these are now the adults whom hung out at the old Monastery behind Whitney & Murphy funeral home. I am beginning to think my fellow Az peeps have no idea what good casual food is about. The service in AZ is terrible, all of customer service in businesses here is terrible, restaurants and retail.watch out for the Valets, they drive customers cars too fast around the parking lot, here and Arcadia Tavern!I am entitle to my opinion since I have worked my way through school as a waitress/bartender , valet service manager and service consultant.Deb
5	Great beer selection, but we were just in for lunch. I was definitely tempted, but remained a good girl. Or was a good girl for once... potato... pah-ta-tah. The spinach/artichoke/crab dip was really good. I need to find those yummy yucca chips by the bag. I really liked how the dip wasn't too heavy and cheesy. Nice clean flavors. We then spit the chicken salad sandwich with the side of the gnocci for an extra dollar. The gnocci for an extra buck was a STEAL. Seriously... should I have snuck out the back? Holy crap was that gnocci good. The chicken salad sandwich was super yummy too and I loved that it was served on a croissant. Service was great and we will definitely return soon. Next time I will get beer!
4	Still a fan because I love the beer selection, and the venue. But, I want to update because the gnocchi has gotten a little chef-boy-ardee-ish. Not inedible but not as impressive as it once was...  so, I guess, I retract my love for the gnocchi but there's still a lot to love about this place!
4	I went here a few weeks back with some friends for their happy hour. I tried a few of their brews on tap, and really liked each one. I also tried the BBQ Burger, which was one of the better burgers I've had in quite some time. The only knock on this place was the overall feel in the restaurant. You walk in and don't really know what exactly the place is supposed to be. Lounge? Restaurant? Sports bar? It even comes off a bit like a tavern with a cabin decor feel. Overall, after obviously going once, I liked the beer and the food they offered, and will go back to try more of what's on the menu.
3	Oh soo many microbrews to taste! Small pitchers, traditionally warmer than your domestics.  The meat & cheese plate is a great app-yucca chips too!  Go when the weather is nice & hang on their back patio. Cheers!
5	If I lived closer I would probably eat and drink here weekly.  The outside patio is the best part about this place!  I love how a lot of patrons ride their bikes to OHSO and how they have a bike hanging from the outside bar.  If you like beer and I mean good beer you will enjoy this place!  They have an amazing amount of beers on tap and support all of the Arizona micro brews!  The food is alright...my favorite is the pastrami sandwich!  Doesn't matter your age you will enjoy this place and the owners seem like real good guys and have put a lot effort making this place great!
3	We really enjoyed this place and look forward to trying it out again.  We just had an app and beers but overall it was good.  The service wasn't that good and they didn't bring the beer in cold glasses which was disappointing...Pros:Beer Selection - $1 tasters?  I'll take it!AmbianceGreen chile dip with yucca chips was fabulous!!!!Cons:Service (server just basically threw our drinks down and even got them mixed up, took a long time to get our drinks...)Giving warm-just-out-of-the-dishwasher-glasses for the iced-down-tapped-beers??  Big no-no when it comes to beer tasting and drinking!!!We look forward to trying this place out again!!!
4	Awesome job rejuvenating this bar from the dark dive bar it was. They have a great selection of brews from all over AZ, the US, and the globe as well as a very decent wine list. Thus far I've tried the pork tacos and the grilled cheese, both of which were delicious. Service was a little on the slow side as our server was clearly over-loaded.
4	Good beer and good food, what more can you ask for?! I had their raspberry beer and it was good. I ordered their non-margherita flat bread pizza and it was really good but definitely not a margherita!
5	You can get a 3-ounce taster of any of the beers on tap for $1 or $2 each. I went with a group of friends, and we tried ALL THE BEERS. It is a night that will live on in the annals of history. I highly recommend it as an adventure, a group bonding activity, and an opportunity to discover new beers you like.The food is mighty tasty. I've had sweet potato fries at a lot of places, and these are hands-down the best. They're a little on the salty side, but that's how I like them. If only they offered them with Delux's aioli, then we'd be in business. We also got a meat & cheese plate and the grilled chicken flatbread pizza. They were both quite tasty and disappeared quickly.Our server was great. We were a big group, and it would be easy to mess up with all of those tasters. But he got everything right and checked in with us regularly. It also didn't hurt that he was a cutey patootey.The only con was that we were seated in an alcove with two booths, and it got really loud with all the sound bouncing around. I wish they'd put up a curtain between the booths and something on the walls to dampen the sound. For now, I'll just ask for a different table.
5	O.H.S.O. doesn't stand for anything in particular but who cares? This place has a nice feel, friendly service, and a terrific brunch. The food was uber-tasty, but what really wowed us was the $10 price for a brunch item plus a 10 ounce beer. Where else can you be fed like that? Good menu choices like breakfast burritos, green pork chile, and a fantastic french toast with toppings. Love the open garage door windows and the cool mist on the toasty Arizona patio.
5	Went there for the first time last night. This place was awesome. Has an amazing patio and beer selection. A perfect atmosphere for any type of crowd. Great music. My new favorite place for sure.
4	Great hangout place!  Best of all are the 3 oz beer samplers for $1 - $2 each.  Fun time trying all the beers.  Cant wait to go back!
1	7/28/12Met with a few friends who'd already started drinking during happy hour (read 530p) and finished dinner before I arrived around 840p.  Serendipitously found a great parking spot across the front entrance.  I knew I wouldn't enjoy my stay here when I was hit by such loud chattering as soon as I opened the front door.  That and the scent of rancid beer that greeted me were enough to make me want to bolt, but I'd already let my friends know I'd arrived via text and Yelp check-in.  Found my friends at a four-top, sat down, and proceeded to shout hellos- strike three!  I REALLY dislike having to shout to a person who's sitting/standing right beside me to be heard.  What's even worse is having to nuzzle my ear to their mouth to understand what they're saying...  Really made me wish I was at mellow Four Peaks, already sipping on a cold pint of Peach ale and waiting on dinner to arrive.I sat at that table for twenty minutes watching at least three different servers pass by without stopping to ask if I needed anything.  Thank goodness I brought my bottle of water with me, or I would've been really annoyed, because not only were my head and ears aching from the noise, but I was also hungry AND very thirsty, as well!  It was only around the 30-minute mark, while I and two other friends were standing by a landing of stairs did a server stop and ask if I had been helped.  By that time, I'd already made up my mind to leave and was already saying goodbye to my friends.Too bad I couldn't get any love... 3 oz beer samplers are $1 or $2 (those designated with a plus sign).  Would've been a fun way to taste my way through the menu while checking out just how well the servers know the beers they offer- I'm a newbie to the world of beers, but I already know I don't like a lot of hops.Pints are $5 each (boo!), but $9 per pitcher (awesome!), and that's not even happy hour prices!  A pint of local brewery Four Peaks is $5- what?  I expected to see a lot of O.H.S.O. brewery beers, but I only spotted TWO.  But I shouldn't have even bothered to study all of this since I never received service!
4	Good concept, environment and food that do just enough to distinguish itself amongst the many great spots in the area.  The burgers are actually a slightly better value then most of the other meaty sandwiches up and down the famed Biltmore burger corridor.  They are at a great spot at the base of Camelback Mtn.and I was rather surprised that they haven't done anything to showcase that view.
4	Cool spot! The GOODAmazing selection of beersDecent deals for micro pitchersAWESOME Arizona BurgerGood locationThe BADHorrible Beef Brisket Sandwich - sent it back. It was just super DRY. Maybe just an off day.Flatbread pizzas are decent at best. Everything just slides right off it because the saice is too watery.NOISE- This place very badly needs to install some sound diffusers on the ceiling. There was a table of 6 drunk and laughing girls at the other side of the restaurant and we were blown away by how the sound carried. In a concrete place like this they need sound panels.
5	I really like any place that allows me to take my dog, the fact that they have a "bark bar" with water bowls and treats makes me love it even more!The outside is really nice, right next to the canal with easy access to walk the pup dogs. They even have an outside wash area for when you need to wash your hands and can't go inside since you got your animal friend with you.Bartenders are really awesome, I have yet to find one that is unfriendly. Love the 3 oz samples for only $1. The OHSO salad with chicken was good, pretzels were good, yucca chips with dip (it's guacamole. Which I thought was a little weird that they said dip instead of guacamole) was really good. Something different from corn chips.I love that they started serving up growlers! I absolutly love that I can go less then 2 miles and get a growler filled with yummy Four Peaks and Oak Creek or any one of there tap selections. I can't wait to try out their brew once it's done!The fact that it is just a bike ride away makes me wish the cooler days would come even quicker!I definitely recommend everyone try this place out! You just might see me there ;)
4	I really like the vibe of this place. Been here a few times and it's always a good time. They have some awesome beers and you can create your own sampler since they're only $1 or $2. The food is decent. I've had the brisket sandwich and I tried a salad once. The service is kind of hit or miss at this place. Sometimes it's great and sometimes you sit there waiting forever. They have a pretty big patio out back, I haven't been out there yet since it's hot as balls right now. But I'm sure I'll be hitting it up once the temperature drops. The inside is pretty legit too, bar atmosphere, but they have this back room area that's got some couches for lounging...that part is kinda dark and relatively sketch but I could def see myself getting loud and tipsy back there. Overall, it's a good spot and one that I'm sure I'll visit often.
5	We fell in love with O.H.S.O. immediately and we've been coming to OHSO regularly for some time with our kids for their $10 beer brunch on the weekends. I love their breakfast burrito on the beer brunch menu. On the regular menu my favorite is the brisket burger with a pitcher of something local or regional.O.H.S.O. is a great example of a locally owned restaurant supporting local breweries (while working on their own) and other local community organizations.
3	First I would like to mention that I really enjoyed the atmosphere of OHSO, the fairly new back patio that is open has a fantastic view of the south side of Camelback mountain. And you can't argue about the great selection of beers they have as well as the very reasonable prices that they offer particularly through happy hour. That being said their choice and preparation of their food is something else to consider. While I understand they are new to the area and many restaurants go through various transitions until they get the product just right, I feel OHSO is still very much in the beginning stages and will become better over time.
3	We discovered this place in the current Phoenix magazine today. The place has a great look outside, upon arriving and inside was just as pleasant. It has a great patio out back but goodluck finding it. I read that one is to follow the Paw prints on the floor...could not find the Paw prints and had to ask for directions. I did like that they provide Dog biscuits and water out back.We sat down starving, when our very friendly server, Hillary, immediately arrived to welcome us. Being our first time, we were eager to hear about the food but she completely assumed we were there to just drink. Are you pushing the brew here folks or the food? At least ask us why we are there first before you go on and on about the beer.We started out with the Garlic hummus, which was good but it came out rather quickly. I question whether it was freshly made or from Cisco Foods. The cucumbers that came with it, were dried out, gross and rubbery. My partner ordered the Green chili stew Tacos and I had the Barbecue hamburger. Both were ok..it's above average, Bar food and need improvement. One of the tacos had a big piece of gristle. Don't you check your meat chef before you send it out? Complete lack of focus and concern for the quality of the food being sent out. You might not care for my review but if you care about your brand and what you represent...not just your brewery...you will take our first visit review seriously.I know this may sound harsh but I must remain honest. People may come for great brew but they also for great food.
5	I love this place, they offer great local beer and the food is excellent! The Mule is one of the best drinks I have had ever, it is made with fresh made ginger beer and it is awesome. One of my favorite new places to hang out.
4	Good beer, impressive local selection and really exciting food.  The steak frites (small plate) is great and not a small plate, the shrimp arepa has interesting (sweet) flavors and the berry cobbler fruit dessert is out of this world...the cinnamon ice cream is well-worth the price of admission.  They also feature apple pie from Pie Snob, which is a major plus.  The side of gnochhi is a steal at $5.  The $10 brunch deal (brunch and a beer/mimosa for $10) is a neighborhood favorite.
5	Have you been here? No? Then GO!!!! They have an awesome beer selection from local, AZ, breweries as well as other breweries. Their food is A-MAZING. Seriously, so good. We've been here 2x and both times it was excellent. It's kid and dog friendly. You seat yourself and the beer selection is written on a chalkboard. They have brunch, and if you go, try the french toast and the breakfast burrito. OH MY, sooooo good! For $10 you get a beer (or mimosa) and whatever they are serving for brunch. Dogs are welcomed in their back patio. They also sell growlers, score!Service was awesome, both our waiter and the manager came to our table several times. We'll def be returning soon!
4	I really really really like OHSO.  I always feel a little odd reviewing a brewery since I don't drink beer, so I'll review the eatery part.  But let me say if I did like beer, I would love that you can buy small tastings before you commit.  Wouldn't it be great to be able to do that with anything?  First off, the menu is perfect with a handful of appetizers, small plates, salads, burgers, and sandwiches all for $10-$15.  The small plates are really not that small.  The shrimp tacos were really good as was the accompanying slaw.  The tortillas are street size, but you get a good half dozen or so.    I really loved the grilled chicken flatbread with plenty of cheese, bacon, garlic poblano sauce, and a cilantro pesto.  If you're not a fan of cilantro, it is almost undetectable.  I also wish the poblano sauce were a little spicier.  But what makes this flatbread is the chopped tomato and cucumber salad on top.  It adds a nice sweetness and freshness to the pie.  Without it, the dish would fall a little flat to me.  And whatever you get, add french fries.  Thin and crispy with a sprinkling of black pepper.  Mmm.  Mmm.It's never been busy on my visits, but I've only gone for weekend lunches.  Hopefully they stick around for a while.
4	the reason I am giving this 4 stars is because the staff and the weekend brunch menu rocks!  Staff is super nice and extremely helpful, great beer.  The food is not very good, I have tried several items on the menu and nothing very tastey.  The weekend brunch menu on the other hand is amazing!! Go on the weekend and sit outside and you will keep going back like I do.
3	Good patio, great beer list, food was average.
4	We went to O.H.S.O. for a company get together.  I had a couple of different beers - they were very strong in flavor but I actually prefer MGD on tap over all of these expensive beers.  I also had The Jensen - sort of a Margarita.  I liked it a lot - it was different than most Margaritas.  I had The Brisket - wow!  Excellent flavor and a great value.  Their fries taste like they are cooked in beef fat - they are so good I couldn't stop eating mine and any that were left over by anyone else.  Mmmmmm.
5	Made my first visit to O.H.S.O and place is awesome. Their beer selection is a micro brewery lovers paradise. Some beers I'd never seen anywhere else. The Dragoon IPA was a standout. The beer menu left side is all AZ beers and the right is ones from all over. Great atmosphere and and very cool looking place. They have a front open garage feel with tables. Their back patio is right up against the canal and once it cools off will be a tough seat to get. The food was fantastic. Had really good green chilli dip with flat bread and their burger was one of the best in town. Oh, and the bun was like a soft cloud. Not sure what type but it was so soft I left a thumbprint. I would like them to have larger steak fries made in house from real potatoes, but thats my only disappointment. Our server was great. Very knowledgeable about the different beers and came over often. Even gave us fresh water glasses after a while. Some of the reviews mention poor service but that certainly wasn't our experience. They do have TV's in the bar. The ones behind the bar on the entrance side can only be scene if you are sitting AT the bar as there is a beam that hangs down. But they do have TV's on another wall. So overall, very good experience!
4	I stopped in the other day while I was running around and decided to try this relatively new brewery/eatery in my neighborhood I keep driving by...I had a nice hoppy IPA and got the garden burger with it - both extremely enjoyable (I don't know how they got the garden burger patty to resemble an authentic backyard BBQ beef patty!). It was about 2 PM on a Thursday, so it was a totally casual atmosphere, hardly anyone in the joint...bartender friendly, service good...a pretty chill hang, all in all. I think that's what I liked most - the chill factor.
5	I love this place. I love the flat bread pizzas, I love the late night menu, I love that I can bring my dog, and I love the beers. I have a lot of friends that come in and out of town and I ALWAYS take them to O.H.S.O. It's one of those you have to try it places. The atmosphere is always fun and warm lots of things to look at and the food is great. Service is fast and attentive. I've been here for lunch, dinner, and midnight snacks. All great adventures. I am big on eating and drinking local and O.H.S.O. is my new favorite spot to have a relaxing drink. My boyfriend and I frequently come here and always bring our growlers to fill up.Can't wait for my next visit!
3	Stopped in for breakfast.  Got a breakfast wrap and a coffee beer (cant remember the name) off there $10 brunch and beer menu.  Wrap was good, beer was AMAZING. Music and atmosphere were an extra bonus.  Will return to try their lunch/dinner and of course beer.*update*- upon having dinner here I have decided this is just a beer place and I will not return willingly to eat here.
3	This place is a very odd combination of trendy and dumpy..The beer menu looks awesome, but when I ordered one I was disappointed at the temperature of the beer.  It was cool..  but I like my beers a little cooler.The burger was surprisingly good.  They don't try to put too much on it, the bread is good and holds together.  The fries could have used a second bath or just a longer cook but A-ok.  The cheese plate however was a huge disappointment.  3 chunks of cheese on a plate with random things on it.  Let me try to paint a picture..  They had triangles of flatbread on the side - which may have been a little better if toasted/baked, but no it was pretty much right out of the bag.  There was a mound of weird sweet hummus-looking thing on which a couple triangles of weird cheese covered crispy bread was stood up on.  They really tasted weird.. and the hummus wasn't really hummus..  There were a few cocktail peppers on one corner with a few crinkle cut pickles.  The other corner had a sauce cup of dijon mustard.  Under the flat bread was a sweet relish/chutney thing.  There was also some kettle corn with mixed nuts mixed in.  And lastly there was a homemade(?) fruit roll up.  So it was basically a bunch of weird sweet-like things with a few wedges of cheese and some breads that were not  complementary to the cheese at all.All in all, maybe I'll try this place again, but definitely not on my list of must-gos.
4	Had a flavorful meal last night for my sister's b-day dinner.  She had the green chile pork burger, I had the Ahi tuna salad and my other sister had the shrimp tacos.  I'd have to say that the portions were small, compared to the typical-American-serving.. which is nice, but not so good when you are famished (which we all were, in anticipation for 'dinner out' in Arcadia).My Ahi portion was quite small (I'm pretty sure less than 4oz) but the salad and the dressing combination were an explosion of pure delight in my mouth.. tart cherries, crispy yucca and bitter arugula topped with soy ginger vinaigrette was such a delight!  My sister's also boasted about the flavor of their meal.  Truly tasty food.The ambiance was pretty quiet, but then again it was Monday night.. and the lighting was a bit awkward where we were seated at.. I had this shining halogen bulb right in my direction and it was awkward.Our server gal was nominal, friendly, but short with convo.I wanted a Belgian beer, but they were out, so I nixed the beer idea (I know, I'm a turd, I should've just had some)  and got a Spanish Garnacha which was delicious.  My sisters enjoyed their sip of it.I'll definitely be coming back for some more tasty food :)
4	Great staff great beer good food
5	What a nice, chill place to eat, hang out, or just have a beer or three. I had the white chocolate and the Essie coffee beers which were great. We loved the Green Chile Pork Sliders, sweet potato fries, and the AZ Burger. We plan on going again real soon.
4	I went to OHSO on a busy night (Oregon vs ASU) and the place was packed.  I got the Mahi Tacos and they were fantastic.  The dish came with about 6 or 7 small tortillas, some slaw and a great sauce.  I thought it was fun to assemble my own fish tacos, something I wasn't expecting. I ordered the Monkey Knife Fight beer (can't pass up a beer with that name) and it was also really good. I was loud there but I assume it was just because of the football fans and if you live in the area (Arcadia, Scottsdale) you can actually ride your bike on the canal and get there really easy. The best part by far was the take home doggie treat at the door.  I thought that was a really good touch. Their menu was diverse enough to accomodate everyone and there are so many different beers, you could spend a few days drinking there and never try the same one.  They get new beers on tap often to keep things fresh as well.   I recommend this place for sure.
2	This place is typical what Arcadia dining is about these days. The atmosphere is great with the patio but the food and service is not good at all. At least they are busy and people like to be seen.
5	I'm a little bit of a hippie at heart so I probably am biased when I say that I love this place and it's likely my favorite spot in Arcadia.  A microbrewery with delicious food, a HUGE outdoor patio that's dog-friendly, amicable and helpful staff, and oh, right, did I mention that their beer is amazing?  What's not to like? Let's start off with food (because I'm a junkie).  I've raved about the Tavern's sweet potato tots, but these guys' sweet potato fries are, impossibly, even better.  How do you make better, better?  I could eat a bucket of these and drink beer and I'd call it a night out.  Chicken salad wrap is great, so is the green chili dip.  Beware of the green chili pulled pork sandwich if you're worried about your bread going soggy (it will).  Overall, the food is a smash.  Brews: huge and fantastic selection.  They regularly rotate out selections as things go in and out of season, so the lineup is always changing.  Some steady favorites of mine: Dragoon IPA, Grand Canyon Amber, and the local Monje Azul (a light beer with a bit of a kick, if you're feeling light beer but want something with more substance than a Coors Light).  Chainsaw and Hefe is good too.  Basically, you can't go wrong.  Environment:  This is what I love about OHSO.  I look at the vibe of this place as sort of like the Vig but much more laid back and friendly.  The outdoor patio in the back is spread out and open - great for socializing.  There are a few TVs so you can keep up with the scores, but not enough around to turn you into a social outcast just sitting there watching TV by yourself.  All in all, the place gives off a very relaxed, vintage villa aura, with a smidge of contemporary to it.  It's sweet. Complimentary valet, root beer candy at the hostess stand, great people, and the part that doesn't make you feel guilty about leaving your pooch at home: they make homemade dog biscuits from leftover grain from brewing, mixed with peanut butter and some other goodies, so your pup can have a good time too when you get home!  Top-notch service.  I'm hooked for life.
5	Fantastic.  Absolutely fantastic.  I recommend OHSO for anyone looking to dine at a neighborhood bar and grill. I was really shocked when I dined at OHSO for a Sunday brunch.  I figured the variety of beers would be the focal point of the brewery; boy, was I wrong.  This place has some of the best dishes in Scottsdale supported by a huge selection of beer.  Let me say this with more clarity: great food differentiates this place, not the huge variety of beers.  This is a great achievement considering many breweries focus on providing rare beers with mediocre food.  The "Burger + Cheese" is simply awesome.  A GREAT brunch dish is the "Breakfast Burrito" as well as the "Breakfast Flatbread."
4	I have been here a few times too.  Mostly for happy hour.  You cant beat the 6 buck pitchers.  I just wish they would add some food items to the HH menu.  The food is good, the location is good, the atmosphere is good.  Its all good!
2	I've been to OHSO once before and it didn't inspire a review one way or another. This time I felt the urge.Of the lengthy beer menu, OHSO has 3 of their own in-house brews. Two of which they were out of which is ok because the one left was an IPA. I like IPAs, this was not an IPA. It was bad. This "IPA" came in a pitcher. It reminded me of those beers that are made by another brewery but have a different label slapped on the bottle. My buddy and I couldn't finish it. It had the bottom of the keg, sat too long in the lines taste to it. Did I mention, not good? On to the next beer, a guest beer, Mother Road, it was advertised as hoppy and malty... What was I thinking? I hate mixing my malts with hops and verse vicea. Once again, it tasted like it was long in the lines. I peered over at the bar, crap, these guys have like 30 taps! I'll never get a fresh beer unless I get the same that everyone else gets. Lame. It's not a brewery but a tap house. Crap. After BSing about all things dude, our food comes. I ordered a cheeseburger. The meat was HOT and cooked properly but the rest was just a mess. The bun was waaaay too big for the patty, two small slices of roma tomato and a rib of romaine were dwarfed by the bready top and fat soaked bottom. The bacon must have been sliced by a Ginsu knife because you could read through it. And if I didn't see the cheese, I would not have known it was there. The fries were good; crispy and salty. I expected more from an $11 burger and fries. So after a couple trips to OHSO, I'll now be referring to it as NOTSO, as in "Did you like it?" NOTSO much.
4	Anyone who knows me or is a FB friend knows I love this place.  So when I order the shrimp tacos and I find the shrimp is scarcely cooked and send it back please don't come back and tell me the chef says I am wrong.  A petty battle of egos knows no place in a restaurant.  Okay, I'm finished.  See you soon.
4	Very good. I'd probably throw it into the category of a gastropub. Because even though they brew their own beer, there is a great selection of other local brews and some great craft beers from around the country. Add this to some great pub grub and you have what most people would like in a gastropub. I wasn't very impressed on my first visit back when it opened. But it's vastly improved over the months. Food quality and preparation has especially been better.The best deal is the weekend brunch. Breakfast items are very tasty and they throw in a 10oz beer to the $10 deal. Open air dining is a plus.
5	Perfection.  Excellent beer selection with lots of AZ beers.  Great patio with a nice view of Camelback Mountain.  Straightforward food with fresh, tasty ingredients.  Brunch with a beer?  My kind of people.  Everytime I go, I like it even more.
5	WOW what a wonderful experience for the neighborhood feel and grrrreat food.  Met up with a friend for the first time here and it was grrrrrrrrrreat.  Justin helped us out and he was absolutely STELLAR!  He gave us some wicked reccomendations and the good stuff just kept on coming.  We had the OHSO and Beet salad coupled with the AMAZING cheese plate!  The red dragon cheese is fantastic!  Justin suggested the Nitro Milk Stout and it was super good as well.  Kind of like a big kids chocolate milk shake!  For the first time run I felt at home like I had been going there for years.  I'm going to be questing to taste all of the beers that they have to offer along with the food.  I noticed that on the menu that they lacked a lot of the fried items that you'd typically find for pub grub which is AWESOME.  As I'm already tacking on all the beer energy healtier options to stuff my face are always welcomed.  Definately will be returning again and again!
5	Great beer selection and excellent food!
5	it's a nano-brewery, but i'm not really sure what that technically means. and rarely in the food world do i get surprised. after a night of binge drinking on a pub ride, we made the bike ride along the canal from old town to OHSO. although it's on the list, if it's not in my daily immediate eyesight, i tend to forget. my goodness, how i wished we'd have come here earlier. first the ambiance...it is such a cool looking place! kind of that industrial, yet with tones of warmth stuff they always say on DIY network. our server was absolutely helpful, prompt and friendly. according to another Yelper, the patio is lovely and even dog friendly. their beer selection is fantastic and my pint of Firestone went down quickly. the four of us split a green chilli dip app, and we nearly tore each others fingers off cleaning the bowl out! i ordered the fish and chips and the fish was perfect! a little heavy on the breading, but the fish itself was soft and moist. the fries were thin and salty and everyone at the table helped me scarf them down. the tartar sauce was rich but not too mayo-ey. my wife got the margherita flatbread and it was absolutely delicious. our other buddy and his gal got some other flatbread (tasted like it had guacamole on it?) and the fish tacos and both of their dishes were excellent as well. it's a little like Papago Brewery. and i love papago! but this new find seems to have more food selection, a great patio, and the service on our visit was fast and courteous. it may just be our new sunday go-to place!
4	This is a cool place! It reminds me of an eatery that should be located up in Maine. Kind of a lodge feel, lots of wood, simple. I skipped the drinks this go 'round and went straight to stuffing my face. Our table split the green chili dip with chips and pita. It was warm, and gooey and disappeared quickly! My margarita pizza was loaded with cheesy-garlicky goodness, although could've used a few more tomatoes. I really enjoyed my husbands mahi fish and chips apparently because after taking half of one to try, I went back for the second half! Our friends ordered the fish tacos and veggie/hummus flatbread which were devoured as well. We finally split the apple pie at the end and then pulled out our pillows for naps tableside......My only gripe was I was jonesing for water and never had my glass refilled. Otherwise our server was friendly and fairly prompt.
5	This has become a firm favorite - great indoor and outdoor space.  The back patio is awesome when you bring your dog.  The food never disappoints - bring your appetite  - the portions are huge !  If you like beer, you can try the samples before you get your pint.  I love the cheese plate - such a variety, and then the popcorn on the plate is a cool alternative to chips.  It is all really filling and comes out beautifully presented.  my partner likes the fish tacos they have.  We have had their salads too.  Whatever you have it is all good.  Good food, good atmosphere - what more do you want !
4	I didn't try the food here but the selection of beer is good. The service was a bit slow; but for the huge crowd they had the night I was there they performed about as well as they could. The bartenders were nice in both areas I sat in; both out back on the patio and also at the bar out front. It's a great place for large groups as there are plenty of sections to hang out in throughout the place.
4	Really cool spot.  Great beer list, and love the options to get tasters.  Flatbreads are delish.  Entrees I have had have been 50/50, but eager to try more.  Outdoor patio is fun, love that you can bring dogs... Plus they have homemade dog treats, how cool is that?! Last time we were there, valet was quite disorganized.  All over great neighborhood spot
5	Wow! What excellent place. Definitely get a burger and go for the white chocolate ale. Loved it!! Plus they allow you to bring your dog to the back patio. Sweet.
2	If you had asked me a month ago, I would have given this place 5 stars.  Sadly, after my second visit, I feel the need to write this review.The food and beer selection at O.H.S.O. is pretty great, which is why I didn't give them 1 star.  In fact, my first time here was pretty good.  I thought this would be a go-to when I come to town, but then I had dinner there this past week, and well, I'm never going back.Now, I admit, I'm a picky eater and I like to modify my dinner.  I live in LA, where almost every single person I know modifies in some form or fashion, and it's rare for that to be an issue.  You would think a restaurant in a city as big as Phoenix would see a lot of that, too.  However...When it came time for me to order my meal, I started to explain that I would prefer my pizza with no cheese, and a few other items off of it.  The last time I had been there, this was not a problem at all, and that server was happy to help me.  THIS time, I unfortunately was served by Brooke, who not only didn't help me, but she served up a healthy portion of her less-than-helpful attitude.  Upon ordering, she told me "You could do that - but it's not gonna taste very good" (in a pretty b****-y tone, mind you).  That's funny - I don't remember asking her opinion of what I wanted to eat!  I've actually worked in the service industry before, and there is a way to let a customer know that a certain dish might not be as palatable that doesn't include a rude and condescending tone.  Little did she know that I had eaten the same exact dish a month prior and enjoyed it thoroughly.In a town that has a lot of restaurants, I hope this is a lesson to treat customers like you prefer they come back again, and appreciate their business while they are there.
4	I stand corrected on the view of Camelback. Their back patio does a grand job showcasing that grand ungulate.
4	Any place that has a bar for dog water bowls has to rock!
3	Sorry to be so harsh but bad experience start to finish. We walk in on a Saturday night and it's pretty dead. They seat us (2 top) right next to the in and out of the kitchen. I look around and see plenty of open tables so I'm not sure why this was the logical place to seat us. I sit down and practically slide under the table because the seat is not bolted to the wood frame. So the bench cushion which is vinyl would slip .... hard to explain but it was annoying. On the first slip I put my hand on the table to catch myself only to feel something squishy under it. When I lifted my hand off the top of the table I had the last guests rice on it. Gross!We order drinks...the same way we always do. Loud and clear 2 iced teas NO lemon. No lemon please. She said ok no problem. She comes back a bit later with 2 good sized iced teas with a beautiful slice of lemon on each. Really? That is usually my first indication of bad service. It rarely happens but if it does I know it's going to be interesting at best. I couldn't find anything to order (Not the menu it was me) so I ordered some sweet potato fries. My husband ordered a bacon cheeseburger. I asked if my fries could be brought out asap as I was starving (again not them me). My fries were brought out and they were hot...which is nice. That is where nice ended as they had a burnt taste to them. Not so good. My husbands burger came out and I will upload the picture. I am all for a little pink in the middle of the burger but I am not down with a light sear on the patty. I have never seen such an under cooked burger in my life. I did nibble the edge and what I got was very good but it was not safe to eat the whole thing. So we asked for our check and bolted. The other annoying thing is the valet parking. It is the dumbest thing I have ever seen. The parking is plenty there and you literally hand a guy a ticket to grab your car 5 - 10 feet away. I am all for job creation but this is just annoying. I will not be back, I'm sure they do not care lol but I would also like to say I would not recommend to anyone unless you are in the neighborhood and you are craving well thought out but poorly executed food.
2	One star for atmosphere and one star for beer selection.  Although they only had one beer brewed on site.  I have been there twice and decided not to return.  The first time was on a Sunday and I was excited to find another late night food option in my neighborhood.  The website had kitchen hours posted til 12am on Sunday nights.  We arrived at 11pm and were told kitchen was closed for "deep cleaning".  We returned a week or two later on a Saturday night for drinks and food.  We sat at the bar and were ignored by three bartenders standing directly in front of us.  Not even so much as eye contact for almost 3 minutes.  The bar was not busy.  I am in the industry and have no patience for lack of acknowledgement.  Step your game up!!
5	No Coors light here!!   Great beer and food....back patio is fun!
3	Love the location and two patios but last visit our server wasn't that great.  We went for the Great Pumpkin Festival which wasn't really anything at all besides a few pumpkin beers and a pumpkin pork entree.  (Two of us out of the five don't eat pork).  The appetizers we did order were alright but not impressive.  Overall this experience was a tad disappointing especially since our server wasn't very friendly nor very attentive.  I've been before and had much better service so I will be back and am sure the service will be better.
4	Love it! Great food, great beer, great service! Staff is so nice!
4	Where else can you get a small pitcher of decadent white chocolate beer on tap for $6?! A large group of us took over the room by the back patio to celebrate the return of a friend. It was dark in there and beautiful outside so I spent some time at the front bar chatting it up with random people. I'm glad I did that because I wouldn't have enjoyed sitting inside in that dark room on a gorgeous fall day in Arizona.I purchased the pitcher of beer at the bar. Our waitress (tall, blonde hair) was obviously upset that I didn't order from her, but the bartender advised me to ignore her. (Good advice). I learned from friends that the waitress  had neglected to tell our group about the pitcher special. One pint of beer is $5 and the pitcher with 2.5 -3 pints is $6. That's a great deal, but $5 for a pint during happy hour- not so much. So what did people in my group do? They ordered the $5 pint not knowing about the pitcher deal until I told them. That is NOT good service on the waitress's part, but I'm rating 4 stars instead of 2 because of that delicious beer and nice bar/patio atmosphere so close to home.*Side note* $6.50 for a small bowl of over cooked shoestring fries is about as ridiculous as a $5 pint during happy hour! Get real with your pricing O.H.S.O.!
5	Came in for happy hour the other night. It wasn't too busy or crowded. The service was super attentive, felt a tad rushed by the server but no biggie. The Ahi Tuna salad was GREAT and priced well. Dressing was really tasty and tuna was perfect. They had quite a few happy hour drink deals. Definitely recommend!
5	$10 for a mimosa and brunch. Breakfast sandwich: bacon cooked perfectly crispy, the blend of guacamole and applewood smoked bacon is a true pleasure. The perfect breakfast treat!  The steak and eggs was a larger portion than expected and the chimichurri sauce was the perfect accompaniment. I'm surprised it was not more busy! They have a dog friendly back patio. Honestly, how amazing is that? The service was attentive and the options of beers is impressive. You must try as many as you can before you commit to one. It's a must try. If I lived in town if be here every Sunday.
5	Because I'm really just a (slightly) overgrown 10 year old girl when it comes to food, I am always craving a grilled cheese. I remembered reading an article on Chow Bella about places that rock at grilled cheese sandwiches and OHSO was on that list. So last week whilst seeking a grilled cheese and not wanting to surrender to Sonic or 5 & Diner at such a late hour, OHSO popped into mind.I, indeed, ordered the grilled cheese and truthfully it was good but nothing special (keep in mind I am vegetarian so I ordered it without the bacon that normally comes on it). However, the side salad I ordered was DIVINE. For a such a small salad I was not expecting such a variety of flavor but it was peppery, sweet, tangy... complex. Very, very good. I only had one drink (framboise) but their beer selection was quite good. I noticed they carry Sonoran Brewery's White Chocolate ale which is my all-time favorite. (Sidenote: mix the framboise & the white chocolate ale for ultimate decadence)The atmosphere is surprisingly cozy - like a little hip cabin with bicycle parts on the walls instead of taxidermy and country lyrics on plaques. I can't quite remember why I avoided trying OHSO for so long but boy have I been missing out all this time. I will definitely be back.
3	Great for a night out! We had an awesome time with the extensive beer and cocktails selection. Their happy hour prices are spectacular- a pitcher of beer ended up being just a dollar or two more than a glass. Our group of 12 or so had awesome service outside on the front patio. Everything we ordered food-wise was great too- artichoke dip, green chile dip, sandwiches, etc.My only real quibble here is with the parking. One, the lot is tiny compared to the number of people the place can hold, and parking is very tight. Secondly, there is optional valet parking, which is apparently free but that fact isn't well marked anywhere that we saw. The stop and go of the valet parking tends to get in the way of the non-valet parking and overall it seems like there is no real benefit to having the valet.
5	I had heard so many great things about this place and I'm glad I finally went! The atmosphere is kickback and fabulous. My girlfriend and I hung at the bar and our bartender ROCKED. I tend to be very picky when trying new beer and he was very patient in giving me samples and educating me on all the beers. We didn't eat so I cannot comment on the food, but I will be back and I'm doubting I will be disappointed! (: Looking forward to taking my beau along for the next visit!
5	Just like Papago Brew, but with better beer, better food and WAY BETTER service.Seriously, these guys know whats up.  Great happy hour on the local AZ beers at $6 for a pitcher (just over 2 beers).  They have an excellent selection and variety *gasp of beer on draft, but have the tendency to run out of beers rapidly.  I would consider this to be a good thing because they will always be getting a new, fresh keg of something delicious.Food is excellent and there is a variety of meat and veg dishes from which to choose.  Most importantly, you order and they bring it promptly.  5 stars because they have an awesome sour beer on draft...Petrus aged Pale.  If you go to OHSO, do yourself a favor and give it a try.
3	I'm really torn on writing this review, I wish there was an option to review it as a bar versus a restaurant. I frequently come here and wish I could give it a higher rating, but their food just doesn't stand up. 5 Stars - If you're coming here just to drink/go to a barThe pros:- Dog friendly: You can bring your dog to the patio at night, they have carabiners to hook up leashes, water bowls, and complimentary dog treats- Awesome beer list: It's really extensive with lots of good choices- Happy hour is a great deal: $6 pitchers- 10$ beer brunch (breakfast pizza is your best bet)- The ambiance/atmosphere is really great- Bicycle friendly: you can bike down the canal to get here2 Stars - If you're coming here to eatThe cons:- The food is really hit or miss, you have to really know what to order and the better dishes are still just average.- The small plates are not a good value, very little food for the $- Burger is okay, would be great if they served it on a better bun- Service is very hit or miss too, mostly missAll together their food is a fail. This place would be 5 stars if they revamped their menu. The majority of the dishes I've eaten have been mediocre (I've tried several things on the menu). I wish they would change their food quality (e.g. take some notes from Four Peaks) and then it would be perfect.
4	How have I not written a review for these guys yet??  I've been here mannny times and have not had a bad experience. The food is good and the beer selection is plentiful. I've had brunch a few times - all good. Brunch items are $10 and come with a mimosa or local beer, which is the best way cure what ails you!  They also do a Sunday BBQ from 3-7 every week and that is delicious! Its $15 and you get 3 meats (mix and match, chicken quarter, pork ribs and brisket), coleslaw, potato salad and 2 pcs cornbread. Its awesome!  OHSO's late night menu is pretty good too with simple bar foods that satisfy those drunk hunger cravings.  Oh, and my review wouldn't be complete if I didn't mention that their bloody mary is one of my faves.  Can you guys please offer that with your brunch??  Brunch n bloody? I'll pay a couple bucks upcharge... Please?
5	I've been to OHSO for brunch, lunch, and late night nibbles over the course of probably a dozen or so visits. I think they deserve a solid five stars. To be completely honest I am not a huge beer connoisseur, I just really like the atmosphere, the food, and the sprawling back patio.My co-workers and I used to visit OHSO on Sundays for their $10 "Beer Brunch" which includes your choice of 10 oz. beer or large mimosa, plus a selection of ten food options under $10. My favorite items are the green chile pork carnitas (comes served with eggs) and the breakfast flatbread.As far as appetizers go, I would recommend the spinach artichoke + crab dip or the green chile dip, although last time I had the green chile dip it could have used a tad more salt and spice. Note-worthy sandwiches include the chicken pesto sammie and the green chile pulled pork (are you seeing a trend here - try the green chile anything, you won't regret it!) OHSO has a pretty fabulous happy hour that runs Monday through Friday from 11am - 6pm where all wines and pitchers of beer are $6.
5	A friend and I decided to walk down here Sunday afternoon with her dogs to have a drink on their patio and I couldn't be happier with that decision.  We really lucked out on the all you can eat BBQ (which included Ribs, pulled pork and Chicken)  While it was all enjoyable - the chicken was by far my favorite part of the meal.  As always, beer list is incredible and at $9 / pitcher, leaves you without much to complain about.  I recommend this place and will be back on a Sunday sometime soon.
3	I love looking at the beer selection here honestly.  Food on the other hand was not all too impressive.  For the prices I expected more than mediocre and I definitely did not get that here. Such a disappointing first time b/c it really clouds my boyfriend, his friend and my judgement as far as wanting to return.
4	Went here when it first opened and wasn't a fan. Decided to try it again over the weekend and I'm soo happy I did. The food was great and I didn't realize last time that they have an awesome back patio. Can't wait to go back.
3	I have eaten at OSHO since it first opened. My girlfriend and her adorable children love the food and my gf the beer. I am not much of drinker but do like to partake in the sweet nectar of an occasional malty beer. My review is not really based on the libations but more so on the food. The food really varies in terms of its quality on a continuous basis. The menu really never has changed and especially the side dishes. I am waiting for the day when the sides change from the current five or six choice. I am a vegan and I always get the vegan burger. I wish there were more choices for vegans but as like most eateries in this meat loving town there are not. If I was a beer lover I would give OSHO five stars but I am not so I can only rate the food. After being open more than a year I would love to see the food upgraded, be more consistent and vary with new menu choices.
3	I am sorry to say that OHSO was only so-so.We came here because it had great reviews and we wanted to check it out.  I am definitely impressed with the selection of beers, especially because I am a big craft brew person.  They also sell and refill growlers which is nice.The staff was very friendly and I like that they have a dog-friendly patio (always a plus).  The food was a disappointment though.  I had the brisket sandwich with tomato soup and my girlfriend had the prosciutto flat-bread pizza.  Now, I have had some good brisket in my day so I was excited for a good sandwich.  I was surprised to see that it was pulled/shredded and drowned in sauce.  The sauce wasn't bad but I could not taste the meat itself.  Not sure if they were trying to cover something up or what but less is more when it comes to sauce.  It wasn't bad, just not what I was expecting.  The tomato soup was okay, but tasted a little thin like something was missing.  The pizza had good points and bad points.  The flavor profile was pretty decent, but I am not sure I would call the meat on the pizza prosciutto.  If it was, it is not anything like I have tasted before (my girlfriend and I are big fans of good prosciutto).  This was but very thick and tasted like a better version of Canadian bacon.  Overall, not bad but not amazing either.Our waiter was great and made some good suggestions for beer based on what I was looking for.So now for the big question...will we be back?  Yes, but only to grab drinks before heading elsewhere or if we have our dogs and want to chill for a couple brews.  Other than that, I don't know if I will order anything to eat unless I know that they have improved the menu.
5	OHSO is a great neighborhood bar and eatery.  I'm not even really sure why they have a full bar, because anyone who likes beer can always find some awesome craft beers on tap here.  The beer brunch is a great deal; $10 gets you a filling meal and a 10 oz AZ craft beer.  Their green chili dip and hummus are great appetizers - both come with yucca chips and those are amazeballs!  The grilled cheese and hot pastrami are my two favorite meals there.  The Sunday BBQ on the patio is a crazy amount of great BBQ food.  It's endless, but I have no idea who can get a second helping.  I still have yet to try their late night menu or bloody marys, both of which look promising.  The service is hit or miss...everyone is always very nice, just not always prompt.  Which is ok, because usually when we go it's to hang out for a while and try a few new beers on tap in addition to a meal.  Their patio is great, and is dog friendly which is always a good thing.  They have homemade doggie treats also, which are a big hit with the pups.  Thanks for being a great local spot!!
4	O.M.G this place is good!! My husband and I stopped by for his birthday and the place was packed! (Granted, it was a Friday night and we did drop in at the tail end of happy hour.) Parking was a problem so use valet.We were told it would be a 45 minute wait so we wandered into the bar area to find a seat.  We finagled two stools outside and enjoyed the spinach, crab, and artichoke dip.  Yummy!!!!  Our waiter recommended the orange vanilla beer and my husband had a Heffeweisen (spelling?).  Both were good.  Mine was very mellow and smooth. Good for people who don't really like beer.  Like me.  We ordered the smaller sizes and got two regular size pub glasses. (I think they were 18-24 ounces - not sure what the larger size would have looked like!)  By the time we finished our app the hostess popped over to tell us our table was ready.  (What 45 minute wait?  Secretly I think she only said that to discourage the group of 6 punk college kids that walked in ahead of us.) As for the service, I don't know what everyone else is talking about but our waiter was great!  As soon as we sat down he asked if we wanted waters - which I did - and brought them immediately.  They use a thin cucumber instead of lemons which I thought was awesome...but I'd already drank half a beer with little to eat so everything is awesome at that point. :) My husband ordered the barbecue burger which his boss had recommended.  I got the veggie burger after asking what the OHSO sauce was. It is Bloody Mary mayo.  Yes, you read that right.  Bloody. Mary. Mayo. I had to order it. I got fries on the side because I cannot resist potatoes in any form.  The food came out after a decent interval and my husband and I didn't speak for 10 minutes because we were busy stuffing our pie holes. (Bloody Mary mayo tastes like manna from heaven by the way.)  Between the beer and the appetizer I couldn't finish my food but I wasn't going to let all that flavor go to waste so I got to go box.  (30 seconds in the micro and it is just as tasty for a snack.)The bill came to about $47 before tip which is to be expected after drinks and an appetizer.  Not too bad considering the damage we've done at other celebration dinners. ;) I didn't give 5 stars because the parking could be better.  But we will DEFINITELY be back!  (There are like 20+ beers to try after all.)P.S. we were told that the patio is dog friendly and they have a weekly contest. If you take a picture of your dog with one of their glasses or a growler you are entered to win a $25 gift card.  A winner is drawn every week.
4	I really like OHSO.  It was fairly crowded when we arrived on a Saturday night and were told it would be a 45 minute wait.  We headed to the bar to order some beer, then stood out on the patio since it was so crowded inside (it was raining, but we are Northwest people, it didn't bother us!).  Just a few minutes after ordering our beer, the hostess found us and brought us to our table!  We were seated much sooner than we expected, which was awesome. The food turned out to be pretty good.  We ordered the calamari, spinach crab dip, steak and fries, and two flat bread pizzas (yes, we were hungry).  The only thing we weren't big fans of was the Spanish chorizo and potato flatbread pizza.  But we all agreed that the veggie flatbread pizza was delicious.  There was a huge selection of beer from many different breweries - I was surprised that only two of the beers were made by OHSO - but I guess that is why they call it a nano brewery.I like the ambiance here.  The music is good, and it is just a casual, laid back place to visit with friends while enjoying some good beer and food.  If I wasn't stuck so deep in the suburbs, I would probably come here more often!
4	Came here for lunch with a friend after driving past it so many times.  But it was a beautiful day and they have an area that is wide open to the outdoors.  I ordered the bbq burger.  It was pretty good.  I can't complain.  The service way fine as well.
2	Beer was okay.... Couldn't find anything on the menu that wasn't fried or full of bread.  My friend ordered a pizza and it came out wrong three times.
3	The place is really nice. Great patio, nice lay out, good service.The beer selection is also good but the food is barely OK.The fries with steak have no personality and the serving is bigger than I would like it (at least fries wise, not that much steak, though).I had the pulled pork sandwich and the meat was excessive, the flavor just OK and too much cheese.Great place to hang out but don't expect anything from the kitchen. Stay with beers and comfort food and you'll do great.Prices are fair. Cheers.
5	Beer with brunch?  Yes, Beer Brunch on the weekends at O.H.S.O.! I've been here a few times this past year.  A few weeks ago, I decided to go and try their Beer Brunch, only $10 with a beer.  Yes, beer before noon but hey it is a BEER Brunch.  Nobody will judge you there!The beer biscuits and gravy was awesome! Huge pieces of sausage in the gravy.  The biscuits were moist and buttery.  The gravy had a kick to it for sure but went really well with the beer.  I had ordered the Raspberry Wheat to go with the dish.  Loved it!The dish came with two pieces of crispy bacon and a bowl of fruit.  I ordered coffee as well.  And the refills kept coming for the coffee.  Service was good..friendly and always coming by asking you were ok and needed anything else. For only $10 it's a great place for a weekend brunch with friends or by yourself!
4	Yay! I'm a fan is right! Any place that serves a Mimosa that big is doing things right in my book. I met my bestie there for brunch this past Sunday, it's a bit of a drive from my place but I have been wanting to check them out for some time now so I made the trek. Worth it it was! The valet is a bit busy but its complimentary so oh well.  Those boys hustled as fast as they could. The place smelled amazing, at one point I smelled waffles, then cookies, then BBQ, I was starving! I found my way through the restaurant to the back patio where she had already posted up at the bar. Great little patio! A couple TVs so you can catch the score of a game that might be on, at the moment they had bowling on, weird but ok, good thing we didn't care about what was on TV. The patio is super dog friend, which we love, both being dog owners. Puppies and cutie pies all over! They have this awesome brunch deal where you get your food and choice of beer or GIANT mimosa for $10, yes please! She got the Flatbread and I got the Pork thing, both yummy! It was probably the best weather out I have seen in a long time so we had a very nice time. A must try in my book! I am thinking about bringing the fiance here, maybe ride our bikes down the canal, which runs right along the back patio.
5	I thought this place was too good to be true for a while. Cheap drinks, good food, great service...O.H.S.O. is the total package. They have an amazing selection of beer and a great happy hour ($6 for a pitcher?!) We love their dog-friendly patio, especially during the winter/spring months in AZ. Brunch on the weekends is also fantastic. $10 for your meal and a monster mimosa. LOVE this place!
4	OHHHHH SOOOO Eatery!I'd be so hungry if I left you nowCause I don't know where to look for BrewsI just don't know how!OHHHHH SOOOO Eatery!How I depend on youTo give me Brews when I need itright on time for Happy Hour!(Lyrics - The Chi-Lites - Oh Girl)OH! SO good and worth your time.At first glance I didn't know what this place was.  I made my stop across the street at JT's.Finally, I'm glad a made a stop here.  Felt like walking into a neighborhood bar that was full of . . . well . .  my neighbors!  They have a pretty awesome back patio, but that's not to say that the front is lacking.  Dogs are welcomed up front to hang with patrons. The place itself seemed pretty retro and had that summer camp feel.They have a huge selection of micro brews and what totally weirded me out was how the bartender remembers which brew was in which tap, since there were no signs or logos attached.  Just plain taps!  Kudos to the person that has to remember all of it!  I ordered a burger with cheese and a side of fries.  My friends ordered the antipasto platter which came with Elk meat -- cool!  My burger was totally awesome with the bacon and cheese.  The patty was nice and juicy while the cheese just oozed over it nicely.  The bun was nice and soft and don't forget to order some nice and crispy fries on the side.  Overall and the bread they used was definitely larger and doughy compared to what I was used to.The antipasto platter was great and came with honey mustard and some sort of salsa like sauce.  The meats and pickled veggies was what made it delicious!  Never had elk but wasn't bad at all.  The pickled veggies were pungent and hit up my sinuses where it need to.  Overall, good start and good experience - Enjoy!
5	The first time I went I wasn't impressed but I've been back multiple times now and it's become one of my favorites in Arcadia.The Sunday brunch is one of the best deals around - $10 for a meal and either a beer or a mimosa.  The meals are all quite good and the mimosas are strong.  Above average bloodys as well, two great porches (front and back) that are a little too comfortable.  Also dog friendly so if you have a social pooch be sure to take him/her with.And, of course, the beer selection is top notch, though twice now I've settled on a favorite only to find them replace it in their cycle.  The price of keeping things fresh.  :)
3	I liked it. The beer was good, the hummus was excellent, and they even offered a free treat for my dog (made from spent grain from brewing). That said, I think it could easily have been a better value, and I wish that they offered better vegetarian/vegan selections -- I was meeting with a friend who is vegan. This place was great at offering a trendy pub ambience, but I will have to check back in another few months to see how they're doing on everything else.
1	As you may have read the "tip", you already know our experience was one of the saddest we have had since moving to the valley. So much so, that I created this yelp account just to express how terrible it was. Is the food good?? Don't know. It never arrived after waiting 30 minutes for a burrito. Is the beer (hefe) good? No. At least the first 10oz weren't.Never had waiter come back to try anything else. Poor service reflects poor management("louie" sp?), very pricey and in no way a brewery in my eyes. Steer clear and try Sun Up brewery instead! Waaay better beer, food, and outstanding service! Might give osho another shot someday when I'm not hungry or thirsty or have something to do or awake. Hope this helps fellow yelpers! Oh ya and if you're a blonde stripper/escort driving a fancy Mercedes you'll get valet to park it right at the door, priority order service, and skip the valet wait line at pick up! Now that's a classy joint!UPDATE...... Contacted by actual manager ,the day after posting, seeking resolution. That's a big deal in my book! Looking forward to returning and giving OHSO another try.Stay tuned for the next update..
4	I wasn't crazy about this place the first time I went but after subsequent visits it has grown on me majorly. And for two reasons : the patio! And the amazing beer selection. I love that they give 3oz beer samples for $1. I tried several and they were all delicious. Add in the fact that the patio is VERY dog friendly- and frequently has good looking men at happy hour and you have one happy girl. My dog gets attention and I get buzzed and happy in the sun. Win win.The food is very very average, I suggest sticking with a few filling microbrews.
5	This place is awesome.  The patios (one in the front and a much larger one in the back) are great.  You can even bring your dog(s) to hang out!  The service is great.  The Happy Hour is amazing: $6 for a pitcher of delicious beer...yes please.  The food is incredible, especially the burgers.  Perfect for right after work.
3	Okay, it has taken me a long time to write this review because I am feeling very guilty.  When I walked out of O.H.S.O. a bald guy by the door on a computer asked us how our meal was, truly showing how much he cared about the bar.  I lied.  I told him it was great and I walked out.  I feel SO GUILTY. I wish I had said something to him. So, here it is...A letter to the management:We came to O.H.S.O. based on friend's recommendations and reviews I kept seeing in Phoenix magazine. I really wanted to LOVE this place. We even came for our 4th anniversary!!!!  I, unfortunately, do not think we will be back.We ordered the Prosciutto flatbread and the Brisket Burger along with 2 beers, and 3 tester beers throughout the meal (Sonoran white chocolate, luge be chocolate milk, ohso orange nitro, double jack, hop box imperial ipa).  Sonoran and Nitro were good, the Chocolate milk was meh and the Jack and Imperial were yummy (says the boyfriend).The Prosciutto flatbread sounded amazing.  Prosciutto, broccolini, garlic pomodoro, you can't go wrong!!! It did.  The flatbread came out as my meal and it looked like a meal for a lumberjack.  It was packed with a chunky meat and was impossible to look hot eating this thing, during our anniversary dinner.  Of course I expected shaved prosciutto, like probably 99% of the customers expect.  I saw this thick cut sliced prosciutto that looked like and tasted like canadian bacon.  I get that O.H.S.O. wanted to go different; this was different, but not better.  It would be great if it was regular thinly sliced prosciutto, so you could savor ALL the flavors at once instead of feeling like your eating meat and bread.  This was clearly a dish that was made by men in a kitchen. Extra meat does not always mean better, and making it so hefty negates a huge number of women from wanting to order it.  If the food is too cumbersome, I don't want to eat it.  Especially on my anniversary.Next the Brisket burger... ::sigh:: It was just a disappointment.  We knew it was stupid to order brisket after we had the best brisket ever in New Orleans for the holidays.  But my boyfriend was craving it so he ordered it.  Again, someone that owns the place, or someone in the kitchen decided that regular brisket was not good enough.  So pulled brisket was apparently the way to go.  No dude. Brisket means sliced with that pink smoke ring.  Pulled brisket shows people that the kitchen doesn't know that or does not have the smoke ring and wants to rip the meat apart so you don't see it.  Plus, it was bathing, NAY soaking in the tub of sauce which just intensifies the idea that there is no confidence in the meat or the smoking of the meat, so why not mask it in sauce.  That was almost like when your mom would make a meal as a kid, and she'd mess up and it would be bad, so she'd just whip out the ketchup and squirt it on.  I had previously repressed that memory of my mother, until O.H.S.O.  Once again, another man meal.  Way too heavy, and not much care taken to prep.  I feel bad, because someone put amazing flavors together in their head.  But not being confident in the flavors allowed someone to try to tweak something in each plate that was supposed to be awesome and just makes the whole meal fail.  Go back to basics and then test stuff one at a time.  I would NEVER go back for the food, ever, even though the menu looks amazing.Bring a trained chef or a woman in to show you what's up, and show you that each food item is WAYYY too heavy. I even watched a salad go by that would dwarf Elaine's "Big Salad", it was a beast.  It's not even like we're pansy eaters too. We're both 6 foot+ and can put away footlong subs in one sitting. But when going to O.H.S.O. I don't want to feel like I just put away a footlong sub. Plus, food that heavy decreases beer sales because people get too full too quickly. I really am rooting for this place and I want it to succeed.  But some menu revamping needs to happen. 52% of the population is women and the food is way too heavy for us.  Great look, great interior, great decor on the walls, I love seeing the tanks and people making beer to the side.  If I opened my own bar I would have done the SAME THING, same look, same feel. Except the menu.  I will come back if the menu is revamped.  Otherwise, we'll save the trek from Laveen.
5	Just have to add a couple things....1. I heard they are going to start letting people come in and brew their own beer?!? Where do I sign up I say!?!?! Sounds awesome! Anything we want, we get to name it and everything. I can't wait. 2. The Sunday BBQ Special, redick! Some friends got it the other day and raved about it. Looked amazing too. And at $15 and all you can eat, no brainer! "The best BBQ I have ever had!" He said
4	Being from Seattle, we love to go to brewerys and try local beers. The food was good as was the service. Definitely worth trying.
5	OHSO is another of our favorites. I love that we can walk or ride to them in about 10 minutes. We came last year for the first time and loved it and go back quite often and every time it gets better and better - whether it be the food or the decor.We went for the brunch for the first time the other day and WOW. Best bloody mary I have ever had. How can you go wrong with a giant piece of beef jerky to mix it with! The monster mimosa's are just that, monster and delicious.The biscuits and gravy are the best I have had since I moved to AZ. I tried everyone elses food and it was awesome as well but they were all into my biscuits. My favorite dinner dish is the gnocchi but literally everything on the menu is awesome. We will keep coming to this place as long as its open and it seems they have no desire to slow down.
1	O.H.S.O. is one of the many declining restaurants that is propped up by good food and a wide selection of beers and being dragged down by poor service. I once went there for breakfast and had a waiter that was really spacey and inattentive. He had to be reminded of orders and things he forgot more than once. When I pointed out that fruit on my plate was moldy he took the single moldy piece of fruit off the plate ant set it back on my table reminding me that sometimes these things happen. Really? I've never been served moldy food before. That is disgusting and the completely wrong attitude. I took that experience as a red flag, but didn't think it was damning. Yet another visit clued me in that my money is better spent elsewhere.I went one night and sat in the bar one weeknight after the dinning room had closed. Just after I ordered food and drinks and group of people went from the bar to the patio to smoke. The patio opening is as wide as the patio so the smoke naturally blows into the bar. I mention the smoke to the bartender who brought our drinks and before I finished speaking she cut me off and said, "because you're sensitive?" in a completely inappropriate tone. I should have just left then and there. There is no excuse to be that rude to a guest. Our food comes and it's less than impressive. The fries in my order were recooked. When the waiter cleared our table he dropped the two uneaten cups of mustard that come with the pretzels on the floor. He was upset because he got mustard on his pants. He wasn't that upset that he'd gotten it on the floor which explains why he left it there. When I left the table I slipped and nearly fell from it. What kind of jackass just dumps something you could slip on in front of your table? I tried calling the restaurant to voice my discontent and no one would ever pick up the phone. I sent a message through a forum on their website. The response I got back was defensive and told me I should have talked to a manager that night. So should I have talked to the rude bartender or the guy to busy to clean up the mustard from the floor?!?! The message might as well have just been a suggestion of other restaurants to visit instead.
4	A friend recommended I try OSHO while I was in the Phoenix area and that the burgers were really good. Always can go for a good burger, know a lot of great burger places in the Dallas area but having been away from Phoenix for more than 20 years, I really didn't know where to go here until my friend suggested OHSO. I don't drink so I can't comment on the quality of the beer first hand but my son was happy with his choice. I got the Arizona Burger, ordered it "pink", the other choice is "not pink" but that's just not right (by that I mean, who wants a burger cooked all the way through? Kills the flavor!)! As busy as they were, I was pretty surprised it only took us about 10 minutes to get our food. I ordered it with the onion strings on the side but didn't get them at all. Either the waiter couldn't hear me too well because it is pretty loud when they are busy (and they were packed on a Friday night) or the kitchen forget them. No biggie. Fries were pretty good but more warm than hot. Glad they came with the burger because ala carte they are pretty pricey for french fries. The only real negative is the parking. The lot isn't very big and the dry cleaners next door has "no parking' signs threatening towing all over the place. I can understand that if they are open but when we were there it was closed. Not sure if they tow cars after the dry cleaners is closed but I wasn't taking any chances and was glad I snagged the last spot. When we came out, the spots at the dry cleaners were full. Plus there was a huge line at the door. Definitely will be back next time I'm in town.
2	What's the deal, OHSO? We visited OHSO yesterday, Easter Sunday. Our friends arrived prior to us and picked a spot inside. Our friends sat for about 10 minutes with only water on the table. My husband and I sat for another 10 minutes. There was aabsolutely no indication that we had a server and no acknowledgment of our presence.  Finally, "Adam" presented himself and added "Oh sorry about the wait." We asked to move to a table outside on the patio and ordered several pitchers of beer. It was another 15 minutes before our pitchers arrived and before Adam took our order. Our 2 friends ordered their entrees, my husband and I ordered our starter. 2 other friends joined us 10 minutes later and ordered their starter and my husband and I ordered our entree.Tic toc, tic toc!15 minutes passes and our friends, the last in our party to arrive received their food before any of the rest of us. They finished their starter before anyone else received food. It was literally 1 hour from the time we arrived before we got to eat.The restaurant was moderately busy, but not the type of busy that would excuse such slow service. Pull yourself together, OHSO! Adam was nice,but low energy and unconcerned about our wait. The food was good, but there's no excuse for this nonsense. If I hadn't been in such good company this long wait would have ticked me off! Please make dining out a pleasant experience for your customers, not a game of watch the clock!!! Each in our party left a 15% or greater tip not because it was earned, but because we're decent folk.Pull it together!
4	My review is limited based on happy hour and general layout of the place.  I did not get a chance to check out food.  Overall, kind of a neat, casual, funky layout.  Nice indoor bar area, and really cool outdoor patio.  And of course it was very crowded on the patio.Parking in a pain, go with valet, you really have no choice.  But it is free and fast.Wish they had more of their own beers, but I did try their IPA and it was good.  Overall, I liked the place, and will go back for food/dinner in the near future.
4	OHSO has a great beer selection with not only there own brews but other brews throughout Arizona they also have a full bar if craft beer isn't your thing. I didn't get to try any of there food but it all sounded pretty good and looked good from what i could see. I will be coming back next time I am in the area.
4	Our second experience at OHSO was much different than the first. After our last visit the owner, Jon was kind enough to reach out to us, invite us back and try to better the situation. His invitation coincidentally fell on the same night a friend was hosting a mixer  for an amazing charitable organization, "Long Way Home." OHSO allowed our group to sit in the cozy room off the front patio and even donated a portion of the proceeds from each bill to the cause!When we arrived the place was packed. There was another event going on simultaneously on the back patio. The restaurant offered complimentary valet parking. I wanted to spare myself the embarrassment of having the staff sit in my filthy car so we parked across the street. :) Our group staggered in throughout the night and by the end we had upwards of 25 in our room. Our table ordered the veggie flat bread, the brisket sandwich, the spinach crab dip, fish tacos and a few pitchers of beer. The food was fresh, and filling, yummy and came out quickly especially considering how  busy they were. Everyone in our party received their food and drinks efficiently and seemed to be having a wonderful time. Our server Janell was attentive and accommodating to our entire group. The owner Jon was in house and came by to check on our group and make sure all was going as planned. Thanks Jon, manager Stuart and the rest of the OHSO team for taking good care of us. It's great to see a small business owner so caring and conscientious of his customer's needs. On our way out, we picked up a few FREE peanut butter doggie cookies at the host station. OHSO is dog friendly, I'd love to bring our dogs for a visit, but they're a bit too nuts for the laid back environment.Thanks again OHSO for a lovely evening. My BFF lives down the street so we will be back.
4	I feel the need to be very responsible in writing an extremely honest and objective review (as much as you can be in a subjective field) since my server and I got into a discussion about how people use Yelp as a soapbox and not as a way to help other customers make informed decision. I'm rooting for you guys.Step 1: if you are currently at a restaurant and you are disliking your experience, don't tell the server that everything is great when he/she comes by to check on you. If you are going to bitch to the internet, have the consideration to tell them face to face.Alright, now that the rant is done, I can tell you all about OHSO. I came in on a Tuesday night with my desperate-to-hunt-for-chicks roommate. It was decently nice out so we sat at the very large patio bar which has overhead heaters and large screen TVs. Its actually really nice, the patio area is huge, has tons of bench/picnic tables, a large bar and most importantly, ITS DOG FRIENDLY! yay!Since we were feelin' fancy, we ordered their specialty cocktails. The Mule I ordered was done with their own creation of ginger beer and it was incredibly refreshing, packed with flavor and just super yummy. My roommie's old fashion was extremely strong but well executed. In terms of food, I was desperately seeking a healthy option even tho all the flatbreads and sammys were making my mouth water. I got the OHSO salad with steak, lettuce, tomato, green onion, sweet peppers, grapes, cheese and guacamole. I know, an incredibly weird mix on paper. When eaten all together (with the citrus vinaigrette), the flavors were great and the amount of steak was ridiculously big- i definitely felt like I was getting a bang for my buck.The grapes with cheese and steak were tasty but the whole guacamole at the bottom was kinda unnecessary. Not gross, just... strange. My friend got the OHSO burger with bacon and cheese. The bread was super soft and fresh and the meat and bacon were cooked just fine. My only issue with it is that the cheese resembled (both in taste and look) like a Kraft singles square (bleehhh) and the fries were super thin and a little over salted. Our server was super cool and we had an overall great experience there. It seems like a cool place to just hang out and have drinks, but luckily their menu is robust and tasty enough that staying for lunch/dinner/apps seems like a great time too. weee!
3	First let me say that I have been to OHSO several times and genuinely enjoy this place. As of late I am not overly impressed with some places in the neighborhood. They seem too uppity and lose their appeal after the first beer. The first thing that hits me is the valet at the front door. The parking lot is congested and very limited in parking already. Now you get to throw in taking away spots to a "complimentary valet" that is worthless. They park your car 30 yards from the front door when you could open up more parking for regular customers. I wasn't even going to use the valet and found them inappropriate, rude, and almost killed my experience before entering the place. Our bartender comped our food after hearing our complaint which was nice but no one should have to apologize for a crappy service that can easily be taken away...I thank you for seeing the problem and addressing your customers.For the bar itself, the beer is always good and the food is pretty good. The location is  awesome and I will probably come again but I will take a look around and see what can accommodate a more laid back group.
4	M and I came here for a Sunday brunch to get caught up with the latest and greatest.  We opted to sit in the patio.  It was a nice and warm day.  The patio is doggy friendly!!!   That is cool.  I would love to bring my dogs, but I think I will eat the other (small) dogs for brunch.  =)  They have a great brunch menu but I opted for the Grilled Chicken Pie flatbread (it was calling my name) and a side of french fries.  M ordered the biscuits & beer gravy for $10 includes your choice of a 10oz AZ beer.  The flatbread was so good.  Flavorful, light thin bread, and baked to perfection.  M's biscuits and beer gravy was very good too.Why 4 stars?  The service was good but slow.
4	On a warm Saturday afternoon, I was shocked to discover the popularity of OHSO.  The back patio was slammed with customers day drinking at 2pm.  A very good sign for any bar.  The reason this microbrewery may be popular is probably because OHSO serves great beer.  I'm not just talking about what they brew on site, but there's a massive selection of craft beers from other microbreweries in Arizona and from around the world.  If you're looking for Bud Light, do yourself a favor and go to any other bar in the country.  If you're looking for something other than beer, there is a decent selection of mixed drinks. Having never been to OHSO, I decided I should have one of their own and the Citrus Nitro caught my attention after the server called it a "creamsicle."  What a perfect description of what the beer tastes like.  Would you believe a beer flavored like a creamsicle is delicious?  It is.  I also tried the White Chocolate Ale from the Sonoran Brewing Company in Scottsdale.  Also delicious.Service was great.  I was with a group of about 15 to 20 people, and the waitress had no problem keeping our tabs straight.  There were also tray filled with water glasses constantly delivered to the table without request.  Something desperately needed on a 90 degree day.  The server also was really knowledgeable about the beers on the menu.
3	I'd say  3.5 stars if I could.Really cool atmosphere. We chose OHSO as our happy hour destination due to it being dog friendly; they were. They have a "barking bar" where you can fill up a plastic container of water for your dog, and bags of dog biscuits. The servers even seemed used to doling out food with a dog laying between their feet.They did have a really good beer list. They were out of the White Chocolate Ale, which was what I'd been looking forward to, so I settled for an Arizona Peach instead. That was pretty depressing to me though, being out of a beer. - 1/2 star.The service was very hit-or-miss. The servers were a little standoffish until later, when ours seemed to have a change of heart and came over to say hi to my dog. It did take a little bit for things to come out. The bus boy never brought the box I requested either :/  -1/2 star again. We came to drink, but also had the spinach artichoke dip with crab; it was good, bit spicy on some bites with onion, but the crab was a nice topping choice. I wish there had been more pita bread, but I doubt it would have showed up had I asked for it.I know this isn't OHSO's fault either, but it was incredibly strange that there were so many kids there. It's happy hour... at a nanobrewery.... and I'm having to watch my pirate language because of the 8 year olds wearing Catholic school girl uniforms sitting one stool over. Awkward. Edit: I forgot to mention, the valet parking bit. There's maybe 15 spots that belong to OHSO. Otherwise, it's a mandatory valet parking job. This is just weird... I now feel obligated to tip someone to drive my car 10 feet away to a spot. The person who said "job creation" in a previous review was totally right. - 1/2 star for the atmosphere being... jarred and the valet parking weirdness.
2	I've been here twice and not impressed - seems highly overrated. The view is nice from the patio and it is right next to the canal - also the barking bar is cute. I would go back after biking along the canal for a quick beer but that's about it.
5	Been here several times, always have a great time.Great food, Great Service, and of course Great local beer selection.While is does get noisy from time to time, I still find it a great place to take a date.Introduced many people into the world of beer here, and plan to continue!
2	The good:  Love the beer selection, the ambiance and patios, a good selection of food.  Peach ale, raspberry wheat beer, moscow mules...  yucca chips, the hamburgers- all delicious!   Should be 4.5 stars on this alone.  But....The not so good:   PLEASE OHSO -- Send your servers to bootcamp/training!   For a restaurant this busy and these prices, the service should be much better than it is. My experience:  Asking 6 times for a glass of water is annoying.  Finally getting up and walking to the bar to get it myself = Might not come back.    Later that day:  I was with two friends who were drinking the small pitcher of Raspberry Wheat beer, but I was having a glass of Peach Ale  (both are delicious, BTW).   I had about 1/3 of a glass of my peach ale when the server refilled it with my friends Raspberry Wheat.  I tried to stop her, but she wasn't listening.  When I pointed it out, she shrugged and said "oops" and walked away.  REALLY?!   You're not going to fix your mistake?  Nope, she never did.  Still charged me for my beer.  We were getting ready to leave otherwise I would have definitely made her.    Yet another time for happy hour with friends, we were waiting and waiting for our server to come back and refill our totally empty (for about 10 min) glasses.  She didn't come, but we could see her chit chatting with her fellow servers.  She finally made a round and when we ordered she said that because it was 6:01 the next round wasn't on happy hour prices.  Pretty sure she intentionally ignored her tables until after happy hour because the tables around us were all ticked about it too.   I also was disappointed that they wouldn't accommodate my birthday party last weekend - there were 9 of us in the party, and I had called to see if they could hold a table or make a reservation or simply recommend a good time for us to come in.  Nope. They only take reservations for parties of 12 people or more. LAME.  When I asked if we could get a table if we walked in on a Friday night the woman on the phone said  "umm, probably not a good idea.  Friday's are busy.  You probably want to go somewhere else".    Seriously. 9 people in one party, for a birthday, ready to get a little hammered and spend some money and you have no options??!   VERY disappointing for this CenPho regular.    So, Stingray earned about $350 that night instead from our party. I'm seriously torn because I desperately WANT to like this place.  I live down the street, it's sooo close!   I love the beer selection...it would be perfect for our Cen Pho Sunday Fundays patio hopping group without a doubt, but until the service improves, probably going to hop on by this place.     OH SO disappointing!
3	Overall, it's okay. I definitely don't mind the patio. Especially since it is dog friendly. The service is pretty hit or miss depending on who you get. Sometimes you feel great and sometimes you feel like you intruded on your servers day. (Customers really shouldn't be that annoying to employees considering that is how you make money) My favorite is the BBQ Burger!
5	This time I brought my dog and we sat on the patio. The staff was so great about making sure she had water and dog treats. It's so nice to bring your dog to a place and have her feel welcomed!!! The umbrellas were up and misters were on-bring on summer!!Service overall was very friendly and we were even offered water cups to go as it was so hot out today! Thanks!!As usual, food was delicious as was the beer. I enjoyed the beet salad with Mammas little yellow pils, and my sister got the grilled cheese and grapefruit wheat.This place has definitely become one of my favorites.
2	Mediocre food. The beer selection is somewhat extensive, but odd. On my last trip, it took, I kid you not, 30 minutes to get a server to come and take a drink order. There were approximately 50 customers in the place at the time, ie NOT busy at all. Two servers came and helped tables on either side of our group, but both completely ignored the table of thirsty people. Then, one came up with an order for another table, asked if it was for us (there was NOTHING on our table, not even water or silverware). When we told her it wasn't our order, she walked away with a puzzled look on her face. Didn't even bother to ask if we had been helped or wanted something. You're right, we could have walked up to the bar and asked for drinks, but at this point the service was so ridiculously bad that it was comical to watch it unfold naturally. The only reason they don't get 1 star is because they have bowls and water for dogs on the patio. At least they get to drink, even if you don't.  Gotta give them props for that.
5	Went here for the first time toy with the GF and everything was amazing. I saw in multiple past reviews that the service was questionable - Not this time. We had great service the entire time we were there. Our water glasses and beer glasses never went empty and both ladies that helped us were extremely friendly.Food: The food was excellent. We started off with the OHSO Green Chili Dip. It has a bit of a kick to it, but was great. Highly recommend it. The brisket and pesto chicken sandwiches were also amazing. You get a lot of good food for your money.Beer: The selection is huge. The best thing my GF liked is that for $1 you can get a 3oz sample of most beers. She is more of a mixed drink girl but it was nice for her to be able to find one she liked.
4	I really like O.H.S.O. Made sure that we got here in time for happy hour and to get a place on the patio. Walking in there are doggie treats for free, should you have a doggie! The smell of pretzels, I am assuming, wafts thru the place and gives you the want for a large pretzel and beer. Free valet and friendly hops to take your ride away. The pitchers of any Arizona brews are $6 ... Good price on the smaller pitcher for two and a good way to get a sampling without too much of a commitment. COULD have been alot colder. Nothing worse than beer that isn't icy.. in my opinion, at least. We started with apps of the hh smaller bites. I loved the pretzel and cheese dip/fondue. Could have given me a warm pitcher of that! We also had the OHSO Green Chile Dip ..not a thing wrong with it and the yucca chips are a treat. I'm a fan with the exception of the beer not icy thing and letting my water go dry. Picky picky! But a huge offering of brews on a nice patio is a good, good thing!
2	My family and I went for an early mother's day brunch to celebrate the mom's in our lives. We were given our pick of the tables and given great service with our large party. Everyone enjoyed their meal, besides that people who got the "Biscuits and Beer Gravy"... TOO MUCH PEPPER in the sausage. YUMMY biscuit, and all the meals came with a choice of a beer or mimosa. I chose the mimosa... PERFECT! My pregnant wife however was not able to enjoy one of the tasty mimosa's. Instead, she decided to get a soda. Much to our surprise, our bill came with 2 brunch combo's which included 2 drinks, and a charge for her soda... Long story short, the manager told us that they want to encourage drinking with brunch and that there are zero substitutes... They wouldn't budge for my pregnant wife or my 14 y.o. cousin. They said to "give it to someone else at the table". We asked to have the additional beverages comp'd (2 sodas $4.50...20 cents each @cost). We were told no again, and given our checks back.Poor logic, management, and customer service. I get it, it's a brewery what do you expect. I would expect some type of accommodation or option given the family based neighborhood they are located in, and trying to attract the "Brunch" crowd. Their wait staff was great and did everything they could to find alternatives to the drink situation... Regardless of cost, have some type of substitution, know your margins, and please your customers!My family of 14 will not be returning for brunch again, or for a late night beer.
4	Great selection of beer and very friendly to cyclists!  The food here is good as well !  Parking is a little tight but overall a great experience!
4	Ive been wanting to come here for a while, so when we left another bar in the neighborhood and the question of "Where now?" came up, i jumped at the chance to try it. Great beer list with lots of AZ brews as well as others. We didnt eat dinner, but I tried their Sunday brunch a few weeks later. Everything sounded delicious but my 2 friends and I all opted for the breakfast grilled cheese (fontina, prosciutto, green apple, w/ agave nectar and fruit on the side). I wish I wouldve ordered something else. The bread to cheese ratio was not good. Regardless, I would definitely come back to try something else.Both patios are awesome, the one in back is much, bigger than the front ones. It has tons of shade, misters, fans, and a large bar in the middle. OHSO is also doggie friendly (if youre into that sort of thing).I would definitely recommend this place.
5	There's no other way to say it: I fucking love this place!Mimosa's a plenty, dog-friendly, patio-lovin', brunch menu to die for...Came here for the "Beer Brunch" ... (two of my favorite things) which is 10 items for $10 with a 10oz beer or Monster Mimosa! Brunch is served from 9a - 2p on Sat + Sun.I typically can't get away from the green chili pork carnitas (which definitely has SPICE) ...  pork carnitas, scrambled egg, potatoes, beans, cotija cheese and whole wheat tortillas served with a side of fruit. Happy to see a non-douchy spot pop up in this area - gives me hope that Phx can be cool after all!
1	I've been to OHSO several  times now and each time our service has been horrendous.First time-sub parSecond time-we left because no one had paid any attention to us in the 30 minutes we sat on the patio.Third time-thought I would give it another try when my dad asked where I wanted to meet him for dinner. I was embarrassed at my recommendation at the end of the night due to our poor service. We had incorrect orders, empty water glasses, slow service all around.Bottom line-the food is decent(the burger was great but everything else just eh), the location is fantastic, and the atmosphere is great. However the poor service makes me not want to go back. Ever.
5	I love this place! Great location, great food and great drinks.
5	our first stop for the San Tan pub ride. i just really like this place. and....unbeknownst to us, they have a huge canal side patio. replete with some of the coolest bike decor i've ever seen! they even turned the wheel sets of old bikes into mist spraying fans! how neat. and we knew ohso was dog friendly but get this....on the back patio, they even have a dog washing station! yup...a vet style table with a leash hook up, dog shampoo, and a hand held hose! now that's going above and beyond dog friendly! there are even tool sets for bike riders who can do a little fixing on their bikes. OHSO just cont's to impress!
3	After my original Yelp review, I was contacted by the manager who asked for feedback about my previous (not so great) experiences here.    He personally invited me to come back and give OHSO a try again.   So, I pulled together a happy hour with about 7 of my beer drinking buddies and off we went. The good: The service was better and our orders were all correct.   +1 star from my last review.The "eh":  I just do not understand why the service is so slow here.  We came early (4:30) and stayed until about 7:00 or so on a Friday evening.  It was actually pretty slow at first, then definitely more hopping, but not jam packed.  It took forever to get beers and half the time the beers were warm when they got to us??   Weird.    I appreciated the conversation with the manager, who also introduced himself in person when we returned.   He's definitely making an effort and it sounds like they are interested in being a hangout for locals, which is cool.   As I said before, I think the concept of OHSO is great, the beers are amazing, the food is delicious...   it's my hope that the service will continue to improve.   If it does, this could definitely become a favorite hang-out.
4	The ambiance here is really nice. The back patio is dog-friendly. The beer selection is great. If you're in the back and you order beer, it seems faster to get the beer that's available on tap out back rather than the  beer up front. For me, the difference was 20 minutes. It took forever to get my first beer out but that may have been because they were busy. Other than that, no major complaints.If there is no space to park in the front, just park across the street.
4	This place had a really nice back patio...and I even enjoyed it on an 108 degree day due to the misters all around. The layout was great. The beer and pulled pork were amazing! The service at the outdoor bar was hilarious/pathetic...the bartenders were seriously tuned out and either forgot to offer us napkins/silverware or kept asking if we were done every 4 minutes...we also found it amusing as the one bartender who had been there since we sat down--and who also helped us--looked over at our friends and said, "do you need a drink or a menu?" And we were like, "uh no actually were leaving we were here the whole time." lol....overall though everything was delicious and the dog friendly environment on the patio is a huge perk!! Loved the pups!! And anywhere that accepts dogs as well as people is def alright in my book.
5	First time there and it was awesome. Brought my dog and he was taken care by the wait staff right away with a bowl of water. The place had a great relaxed feeling and friendliness. The mountain views help make that feel too. The food was quick and very good. Portion size was great. The drinks were filled constantly. Only issue was the parking.
5	GREAT beer!  I really liked the food too.The service is fantastic, its dog friendly, and a fun atmosphere.
4	Great patio. Food was nice- nothing special. Will definitely be back for more patio time.
4	Honestly, I didn't fall for the parking accommodations however the staff, beer and decor are very nice.
5	I live nearby and kept meaning to pop-in. When I finally did I wanted to smack myself for waiting so long. Relaxed vibe no matter the time of day you come. (Fair warning: If you come alone during happy hour the pick-up lines will make you laugh.)You can't beat their happy hour AND the diversity of brews offered is killer. The bar area up front has an assortment of seating styles. Couches, booths and standing tables are mixed together which lends itself to conversation. The inside restaurant seems family friendly enough, but I've not sat there. But what I love, love, love is the back patio! There are booths, which are perfect for dates and groups, along the back. (We comfortably sat a group of five.) The bar is super neat as you're not just facing the bartenders. If you wanted to this is a spot to readily start a new conversation.Oh, but the food. I just enjoyed my burrito as a leftover for breakfast. Sunday they offer $10 meals with a 10 oz beer (or mimosa). There was a long list to choose from. I couldn't pick as there were waaay too many delightful things to pick from. Our super awesome server helped me triage and I ended up with a burrito that came with strawberries. YUM. Seriously. This morning I was too lazy to warm it up. Awesome. I've also enjoyed a flatbread BBQ chicken pizza - messy - but good stuff.I absolutely adore that this place carries a porter beer. (Even though we're in oven hot summer.) Thank you O.H.S.O.!Last thing - and this totally made me laugh yesterday. The valets were totally serious. I rode up in my bike and they would have valet'd my bicycle for me. "If I asked nice." These guys are always super nice when I drop off a car. I love them. Well, I love everyone on the staff too. Which is why coming here is such a nice experience.
5	Came on Sunday for brunch and beer and I was very impressed with the venue, the menu, and the service. My sister and I both had a flat bread breakfast pizza (which we could have split). She had a mimosa and loved it and I had a beer... and then another beer... and then I had a growler filled. The beer was great all around, our server was awesome, and the patio (front) where we sat was really nice. I walked through the restaurant to the back patio and was very impressed with the restaurant and the back patio. I will certainly be back and am just looking for excuses to bring my wife and daughter (so one of them can drive home!).
5	OHSO has top notch beers representative of their respective styles.  Small batch brewed, delicious and properly balanced.  They also have a ton of other local, regional, and national crafts on draught.  The food is good too.  Fresh ingredients, creatively prepared.  The atmosphere and location is perfect.  Outdoor seating in front and rear.  Misters, fans, dog and bike friendly.
4	The atmosphere is undeniable and one of the best in town!This is a great place to grab beer and some flatbread.  They have a backyard and it is very chill and laid back.Best of all, you can bring the man's best friend!Go check out OHSO, where the beers are oh so good!
4	My friend and I came here for brunch. It was delicious. We opted for the mimosas instead of beers with the $10 brunch specials. The food was amazing. The breakfast burrito was delicious. Made me fall in love with pork all over again. And the breakfast flatbread was also really good. The crust was amazing. I probably could have just had the crust and been happy as can be.We sat on the patio, even though it is super hot outside. It didn't even matter, because it didn't feel bad at all. With the misters and the swamp cooler, it was pretty comfortable. I like the feel of their patio, and it's obviously dog friendly. My friend and I are going to return with my dog in tow.
4	Can't believe it took me this long to wander to my neighborhood bar...yes, maybe due to the parking situation. Discovered complimentary valet and it's a whole new ball game. Love the atmosphere - come dressy, come casual and you'll be greeted with friendly smiles. The AZ burger is killer; off the charts with the poblano aioli and jalapenos. No worries, with over 36 beers on tap, you won't be thirsty for long. I was most impressed by the staff; so accommodating and customer service oriented. Kudos to our waitress for handling a rowdy bunch of 14+ guests. Didn't get to check out back patio so my star rating was limited just for that. Pretty sure a return visit is in the very near future :)
5	Love this place!  It totally reminds me of my favorite bars back in Austin, TX.  It's very indie and eclectic -  definitely has its own vibe!  Very nice patios in each the front and back and well as delicious food!  I definitely recommend checking it out!
5	I've been going here since they opened. I love that it's getting more popular and I have to wait for a table now. OHSO has an amazing vibe: chill, relaxed, local, friendly. The changing beer selection makes it fun to come back. The food is delicious. My favorite item is the Arcadia Veggie Burger. Their brunch includes a mimosa or beer. The mimosa is made with fresh OJ and is so good! I honestly can't pick a favorite breakfast item because they are all good. Top 2: Breakfast wrap or Chicken & the Egg.
4	I like OHSO a lot! It's not the best place to eat as the food is not the best and it's a bit expensive for what you get. However, I don't go to OHSO to eat...I go there to drink on the patio! The patio is very dog friendly and it's one of the better patios in Phoenix. They have a good list of local beers, craft beers, and mixed drinks. This is a nice place to meet with a group of friends and hang out for a while. I also appreciate how accommodating the staff has been. I went there to watch the presidential debate and the staff was very willing to put the debate on for me. I had already gone to a few other places and they refused to do it--so I really appreciated OHSO's flexibility on the manner. Bring your dog, a few friends, and go enjoy a drink on their patio.
4	This place has a great patio PLUS a great selection of microbrews.  I loved the setup of this place- great front and back patio-dog friendly too.  The back patio setup is awesome.  Great view of Camelback Mountain and the bicycle wall with the tires that are fans is super cool!  We came on Father's Day and for their BBQ Sunday special and we were not disappointed.  The special was great, huge portions.  The staff was very friendly and attentive.  Our waitress gave great recommendations and did not steer us wrong. Can't wait to go back!
5	Best food and dining experience combo in Phoenix. Great patio, drink selection, food choices and overall experience. O.H.S.O is my favorite. Bring anyone, dogs too. Try their breakfast and bloody marys.Their Moscow Mule is the best I've ever had.
4	Brunch and drinks. ... do I need to say more!  Brunch is $10 for entree and beer/mimosa.  This is a great deal for everyone.  The staff at O.H.S.O. are so friendly and helpful with drink selections.  They have lot's of beers on tap for you to choose from.  If you are not a beer drinker, they offer a great list of mixed cocktails. The Arcadia, The Mule, The Sangria....well everything on their cocktail menu is delicious!  They offer a great Grill Cheese with Fontina Cheeses and apple wood smoked bacon.  For Brunch, I have tried the Breakfast Flabread and Breakfast Grilled Cheese.  Both amazingly good!  The patio is the best place for any time of the day to meet up with friends and it's dog friendly.
5	This place is FANTASTIC. The server was great, beer selection was impeccable, and the food was amazing. I have no complaints for O.H.S.O.!
5	LOVE THIS PLACE. Went to OHSO on date lunch with my husband, it was fantastic. Beer choice was just awesome and even managed to find a new favorite cider . I had the steak tacos and my husband had the shrimp. Both plates were just great superb flavor and plenty, the presentation was really good and just made you ant to go back again. Can't wait for a return visit
4	What a fabulously fun patio!  We had such a great time drinking, eating, and enjoying the people watching (a GOAT! Someone seriously brought their pet goat.), that it was hard to leave.  We shared the Green Chili Pork Tacos and I am OBSESSED with them.  Absolutely to die for.  They came with a slaw that really complemented the spice and gave them nice texture.  We also had the Chicken BBQ flatbread pizza.  Tasty, but the tacos remained the star of the meal.  The hummus was another good choice that our friends shared with us.  I had a couple of the 48th Street Fizz cocktails - they were strong and absolutely delicious.This is a great place to hang out with friends and grab a bite to eat that is above your typical bar food fare.  It can be a bit of a scene, but that is part of the fun when it comes to people-watching, right?!
5	O.H.S.O. is where all good beer drinkers will spend the afterlife. I feel like I've lived here recently and sadly have never written a review. The reason is because each time I've come here I've inevitably wound up trashed and hungover the next morning. As a result I've sadly neglected my review of O.H.S.O. so this is long overdue.I first came to O.H,S.O. for a company function and they put together an awesome special menu for us complete with beer pairings. Each course was amazing from the Mahi-Mahi sliders to the meat to the dessert. The owner came and told us his story and it was really inspiring to see someone turn their back on corporate life and follow their dreams, which in this case is all about beer.I actually have this fantasy about laying under one of the taps with my mouth open and just saying "pull". The hard part would be choosing which beer. There are SO many varieties that you can be confident that there is something for everyone. If you're not sure, or overwhelmed like I was, the staff there know their stuff and can point you in the right beer-drinking direction.The entire place is cozy and inviting, from the bar area to the lively patio. No matter where you sit, you'll always be surrounded by friendly beer-lovers. No need to leave your four-legged friends at home because the patio is dog friendly, complete with the  "Barking Bar" to keep them hydrated. O.H.S.O. is definitely on the "Best of the Valley" list and a great choice whether you're local or from out of town.
4	This has become a staple and meeting place for my boyfriend and I - after spending too much time trying to figure out where to eat, we always know that OHSO will be a good meal with good beer.  I have not had an item on the menu that has not been good, nor has anyone we've been with.  They have very good beer selection, I was excited to try Up the River Lager and get that almost every time since it's not readily available in Phoenix.  The back patio is a great area to sit and I love the diversity of people who come here, dog lovers, bike riders, families, hipsters, after work crowd.  Last time I went, they had their microbrews available and I tried the grapefruit, which I was actually disappointed by it.  This, of course, will not stop me from going there, as they have other great locals brews to try.
4	I really like OHSO!I love the huge and locally focused beer selection, I love the bike theme, I love the the way they embrace the canal, (coolest fence EVER!!) I love the dog friendliness and I love the food!With all of this love, why 4, and not 5, stars? The service is kind of rough.  I've been there 3 times and there is a frazzled attitude, bordering on hostile.  Maybe I've just had bad luck but this is based on 3 visits.In the interest of fairness, I'll keep trying until they get it right though  ;-)
5	One word: BrunchSure you could come here for HH on Fridays (as there are always a large number of cute single ladies here). Sure you could come to dinner. I just don't know why you would! O.H.S.O is a brunch place period. A top 2 Mimosa in the Valley without question!Back Patio! Forget about it. INSANE!!!! I used to come here when it was "Black Forrest Mil" bar for dancing, and now that it has been totally revamped, I come here for the amazing back patio they added and great beer selection, mostly local to the AZ area is a big plus for us local boys.And now... a game for you to play!Everytime to you go... Create an acryonym for O.H.S.O and leave it as tip. I've played this game on FourSquare for years, but since Yelp is so much more amazing, I have to bring the tradition over here as well...Some previously made acronyms we've come up with are...Obviosly Hot Sexy OccupantsOther Humans Steal OlivesOutlandish Hominids Sucky OxygenOwning Honest Shiny OystersOutlandish Hyper Sensitive OrksOrangutangs Have Sweetened OrangesEtc..Please enjoy the acronym game here by leaving them as tips!
4	Great beer, yummy food and a fun atmosphere; I'm a fan.
5	This is definitely a place to write home about. Huge dog friendly patio with water bowls for your pup and homemade dog treats from the brewery spent grain. I love coming here on the weekend with my dogs for the $10 beer brunch and the all you can eat BBQ for $15 after 3 on Sundays. You will be addicted. It's a huge bicycle culture bar and restaurant - the decorations are awesome and the wheels of the bikes that line the patio actually have WORKING FANS in them. Best idea ever. Also, if you snap an adorable photo of your dog and put it on their facebook you are entered to win a $25 giftcard to O.H.S.O. hashtag profit, am I right?
5	LOVE this place!  I've only sat on the patio- which is very nice and right on the canal.  It's very dog friendly with water bowls and free treats provided!  Really good hamburgers too.
5	Five stars without a doubt. My favorite spot in the Valley.They offer dog treats from their spent beer grains.Their beer is mediocre, but the service and experience more than makes up for it.Plus, they let ASH members put their beer on tap. VERY friendly to home brewers, and that's what counts!For me, this is Heaven.
5	5 stars every time. Love the happy hour. If my dog could speak, he would probably beg me to take him to the OHSO back patio more often. Thanks for being so uber dog friendly OHSO! The burgers here are not to be missed and grab a pitcher of beer, it usually makes more sense financially and you're going to want to hang out for a while.
5	I went here last Sunday for brunch after discovering them on the Whistl App for iPhone.This is by far one of the best deals in the valley.For $10, you get a 10 oz Arizona Beer (Or Monster Mimosa), along with one of their 10 entrees. Between three people, to only spend $30, enjoy a beer, and be truly stuffed is a feat for any restaurant in this town.We ordered the Biscuits & Beer Gravy, the Breakfast Flatbread, and the Green Chile Pork Carnitas. I had the Orange Blossom Beer by Papago Brewing Company, while my two friends each got the Hefeweizen by Four Peaks.The Biscuits and Gravy is probably one of my favorite dishes on earth. The bisuits are smothered in the the thick gravy, with massive chunks of sausage. To top it off, they put a couple pieces of bacon on top. The flavor was very savory, not too salty or overpowering in any sense.The Breakfast Flatbread was very unique, turning a pizza into a breakfast It came with scrambled eggs, spanish chorizo, potato hash, caponata, and arugula. The sweetness of the caponata blended perfectly with the chorizo. The potatoes also helped balance the flavors quite nicely. The Green Chile Pork Carnitas were also very good, but nothing groundbreaking. It was probably the most traditional menu item. It came with the carnitas, flour tortillas, and scrambled eggs. It was fun though putting together my own little wrap with all of the ingredients. As for the beer, I was very impressed with the Orange Blossom. It was extremely refreshing, and the citrus flavor was not too overpowering. There was some subtle nodes of vanilla, which i though was unusual for beer, but really carried the flavor of the drink. My friends both said they enjoyed the Hefeweizen. We've always been a big fan of Four Peaks' beers. We saw some other people drinking the Monster Mimosas, and they are huge! I would love to try one, but the acidity of orange juice does not sit well with me anymore, but I can imagine that they are excellent.As for the service and atmosphere, I would still give it a perfect 5 stars. The staff was very friendly and very knowledgeable about their food and drink list. The layout of the restaurant is very unique. It has the old style german bier-haus vibe, with a modern american twist. Each dining area has its own style.I would definitely recommend this place for their brunch. They also do BBQs on the weekends in the evening too.If youre a foodie like me and want to find other great deals like OHSO, definitely check out the Whistl App on the App Store. It's free to use, and I've already found several new places in the Valley that really rock!
4	This place wins the award for most dog-friendly patio in Phoenix!  I, uh, just don't have a dog, so this is more on the less amusing end for me.  But holy water dishes and panters galore!  They even have a recurring dog photo contest. Now.  The beer?  Amazing selection and the happy hour pitcher special is nuts.  I love their HH food specials as well.  The pretzel with cheese?  Pretty sure I requested a straw and drank the rest of the cheese up.  I called it Cheese Soup to make it slightly more respectable.  I guess that's just what happens when you are "forced" to drink a pitcher of great craft beer!The brunch special is pretty good, but on my most recent visit I ordered the grilled cheese and was fairly disappointed at my meal compared to everything else I saw....pretty paltry portion IMO.  I would've rather had a more respectable/substantial  sandwich and had no fruit and random sauce/dip.The late night eats menu is a great addition of greasy yet delicious food at pretty awesome prices.Service has always been another high point for OHSO.  But the bathrooms, UGH!.......I guess all those pitchers of cheap beers makes for some nasty drunk bitches, because my late night visits have always resulted in straight up DISGUSTING women's bathroom conditions. LADIES, GET IT TOGETHER AND STOP VOMITING IN PUBLIC.  WTF.Only other negative is the parking situation.  I just hate valet.  Even if it's free.  HATE IT.  If you time it right, you may get lucky, but even when meeting friends at say, 4pm or so, I still get stuck valeting. But hey, this place is packed, for good reason.   I'll be back!
4	Amazing selection of beers on tap. Great happy hour specials. Good food. Friendly service. And a nice patio area during the months that we don't use the phrase "It will only be 105 degrees today".You can get pitchers of on tap local brews for $6-11. The pitchers are plenty generous. The burgers are great. The fish and chips (which in my opinion is the best way to judge any brewery) taste great. It's always a good sign when they bring out malt vinegar without being asked. I prefer the texture of cod to mahi but the breading was tasty and it wasn't a pile of breading with a sliver of fish. The tartar sauce had great flavor and it looked made on site (I've never seen store bought with pickles diced that large).The only real issue here is the parking. If you show up during busy times, it can be a nightmare. The valet helps. The guys out front are friendly and do not push hard for tips (which of course makes us want to tip them more than we would have had we felt pressured!). It can be a frustration but in the end it is worth it.
4	Loving the Tucson beers on tap (Dragoon & Borderlands).Also loving the chorizo & potato flatbread. I was scared there'd be too much potato but was happy to find out it didn't overwhelm the flatbread. Extra points for the arugula sprinkled on top.Can't wait to come back.
5	Brunch? Yes, please!! More please!!! Bicycles, pups galore, and beer... Oh my! The patio space hugging the canal and looking up to Camelback Mountain is one of my favorite places to meet friends for brunch, with my most loyal friend, my dog! By far one of the most dog friendly patios in town, this Arcadian spot is both equal parts dog friendly bar and darn good bar. I order the orange ale, nearly every time, and have made my way through most of the brunch items - I haven't been disappointed yet! Edie snubs their cookies (she snubs pretty much anything other than meat or cheese snacks), and the servers always welcoming my being me a piece of prosciutto from the kitchen so she can still have OHSO treats. I may be a little more loyal to OHSO now, too, for they validated my obsession with how cute I think my dog is by awarding her one of their "Growler of the Week" recognitions! All in all, it's a smart, sweet spot, and it's fun to plan a Sunday Funday of tossing my pup on my bike and pedaling down the canal for scrumptious bites and brew! Biscuits and beer gravy are delicious and they constantly dare me to order them... and they are a worthy reason to pop out of one's denim.
4	At a friend's recommendation, I went here with my husband and another couple for dinner. I am glad I took that recommendation. It was surprisingly slow for a Saturday night. We sat on the back patio that had misters and cool fans that were cleverly place in the wheels of bicycles. Our first server was phenomenal, I wish we had him the whole time. We got the cheese platter which was huge and delicious and by far the best I have had anywhere for a great price. 4 of us split it, and honestly, I didn't even need to order dinner because it filled me up. But, I did order the romaine salad which was fantastic. I tried my husband's brisket sandwich and the sauce was to die for. My friend had the cheeseburger which she said was only okay, but that was on the expectation that it would be fantastic because the cheese platter was so good. The beer was decent; my husband who is a brewer actually was not that impressed. But overall I thought the food was wonderful and I would definitely go back.
4	O.H.S.O. is so much fun! A huge selection of beers on tap, great happy hour, and a big patio that caters to dog lovers...they even have dog treats at the front that you can take home with you! I thought the food was so so, but the atmosphere makes up for it. Perfect for brunch or an afternoon with friends. Overall, if you're in the market for a chill afternoon outside with your friends or your dog, give O.H.S.O. a shot.
3	For some reason, I've been giving a lot of 3 stars to 4+ places on yelp and this one's another on the list.  It's more a 3.5 for me but I'm rounding down for service. Stopped by for brunch and it was seat yourself. OK, that's fine...but it shouldn't take too long for someone to notice we're sitting without food menus or to be offered water at least. After our food came out, we weren't checked on until we were done eating. Tip: don't sit at the high-tops right behind the bar unless you want the bartenders on the other side to be screaming (inadvertently) into your ear.Prices ($10) are fine for brunch and include a mimosa or 10oz AZ beer. I think the food portions are smaller to compensate though, and I'd rather have more food without a drink if not in the mood for alcohol.  Food matched the price...looked and tasted like it was precooked and scooped onto my plate a la Chipotle.  It was not bad though.  I'd come back with more people during happy hour to try more of their beer selections. Probably pass on food unless something looked really good as it passed by.
4	What I liked the most about this place was the amazing patio!!! A dog friendly patio with hanging lights!! Beautiful and brilliant!! Plus, this place brews its own beer!! The food here is good, nothing too extravagant. However, the service is great, friendly and loaded with a very attentive staff!!  :)A must visit for a good time with the amigo(a)s!! :)
5	We visited OHSO today for the first time, and went specifically for their beer brunch.  Yes, you read correctly - BEER BRUNCH.  They have several delicious brunch items for $10 apiece, all of which include a 10 ounce AZ beer from their extensive beer menu.  The biscuits and beer gravy were to die for, and the carnitas were pretty good too.  We tried a ton of different beers since OHSO offers 3-ounce samples for $1 each, including 4 or 5 of their own nanobrews.  The wine list also looked great, but we simply didn't have enough time in our visit today to transition over to that side of the menu.  We'll have to go back soon!  Oh - and one of my favorite things about OHSO is their huge, dog friendly patio and bike parking section.  They even make dog treats from spent grains leftover from the beer making.  We will be visiting soon with our furry friends in tow.  Thanks, OHSO!
1	We had high hopes for this place, as we live 2 min away from Ohso. We first visited Ohso Saturday 8/10/2013 for brunch. The food was mediocre the side of fruit was rotten, the pie was rubbery and microwaved but the beer was good and the waitress was too. When we told the manager about the fruit...she didn't even offer us a fresh one. We had been told about the Sunday only offering of their supposed famous BBQ all you can eat for $15. By several people, so we decided to give them another chance and go back the next day. Excited to try this offering we invited our family to join us on what we anticipated to be a delightful outing. Not so much ... Not at all. Our plate had more bread than meat, the chicken should have been called a salt lick because that's all that could be tasted. The ribs were ok and the beef brisket was to. By far the best was the brisket. However the meat was not BBQ at all, it was old microwaved meat with salt and some type of "BBQ'" sauce. The real issue was the server, a rather rude young lad in need of training in professional etiquette and mannerisms. When I ordered my second serving I expected another plate with the meat that I requested. Hold the chicken and keep the rest. Instead I was brought a little saucer with again more bread topped with a teaspoon of brisket and two emaciated ribs. Hello $15? Where is the food? My mother only ordered more corn bread, she later decided to take it home. When the rude water boy delivered the two take home boxes, he looked at my saucer that had the teaspoon of meat, large loaf of bread and emaciated ribs and said " oh no that's not how we do this. Its all you can eat while you're here." First of all there were 4 yes four people, only 1 person ordered what was supposed to be a second round of "all you can eat BBQ" and a bill well over $100.00 so waiter boy gives us attitude over corn bread a and saucer of what was only good for my dog to eat.  Hello! Really, R-U-D-E-!!! We will never go there again and will share with our ENTIRE OFFICE what a waste of time, money and effort "OHSO Shitty" really was. If not to be in the company of my parents there would have been quite the conversation with the manager. And just to think that we considered holding our company luncheon at that place. No no no way! Not even if it was for free. Also, who microwaves pie? Oh that would be OHSO. I have never had a rubbery $7 piece of pie. Thank you for such an unforgettable experience and the loaf of bread.I give this place -5 star.
4	OSHO is great.  It's fun to hang out on the patio when there is good weather (bring your dog!) or even when the weather is very hot.  That's because the whole patio is surrounded by fans and has one of the best misting systems I've seen.  The food is pretty good and the beer selection is great.  I always have a good time here.  The only downside would be that it's quite out of the way but that's just an excuse to extend your stay when you make it out there.
5	I went to OHSO with some friends for brunch yesterday and I am so glad I did! Their patio is awesome. I am so glad it is pet friendly too since I might get a dog sometime soon! Let me just say their brunch ROCKS! You get a choice of beer or a (huge) mimosa along with a meal choice for only $10 altogether! I had the breakfast flatbread and it was so huge I had alot of leftovers. It was very tasty. Our waitress was nice and very chill. I loved the casual atmosphere and the complimentary valet parking. I can't wait to go back to OHSO!!!
4	How can I not have rated OHSO?!I have been here several times, but only on the back patio. Its where I find myself people watching and drinking beers. I have had some of their food and it's OK, I should try this place out for dinner sometime.. but so far my rating is all about brews, clientele, atmosphere and service. The positive. To tell you the truth, I like it - all of it. I feel relaxed here and I enjoy a place where you can sit down and just unwind over good conversation, because it isn't obnoxiously loud here. It is like a patio should be. The beer is tasty, and there is a feelgood vibe on this dog friendly patio. Funny story.I sat here with some veterans and enjoyed a Friday afternoon as the sun went down. When I was paying my bill I realized that the waitress had charged me for a drink to little. I told her about it, and she replied with "Sorry, consider it military discount" and a smile. Needless to say I tipped her well. The negative.The men's room has one toilet and one urinal. This means that there will be a line on occasion. Another thing, that other awesome yelpers have said before me, is that I don't like valet parking. I don't. In Summary -  it's a pleasurable visit. I would take out-of-towners here for a light meal and drinks before going somewhere else. Not saying that this place dies down as the night progresses, I just don't have that knowledge. If you haven't tried it out, please do.
4	Yummy!  Best patio in the valley
3	delicious beers and good food.  I've only been twice and very surprisingly, this place never seems to get very busy - at least inside.  They let you bring your dog as long as you stay at the back bar.  I moseyed outside the first time I was there and it was a very cute setup with doggie water dishes lined up along the wall.
5	Tried it for the first time and was super impressed with the food.  It was a quick lunch, had the Arizona Burger (if you like spicy), I have to disclose I am not a huge burger person but I do like burgers, having said that it is now the best burger I have had in town (better than the VIG (previous favorite)).  And their sweet potatoes were also better than the VIGs, again disclosure... I do not have anything against the VIG it is an awesome place and we will continue to go there (specially for their amazing BreadPudding Dessert) I just happen to like the food at OSHO better, my new home for burger and sweet potatoes.
5	A great neighborhood bar.. Good food, good drinks.. Love the $10 beer brunch, love the back patio, staff always friendly and helpful! Of course, great beer selection and one of my fav burgers!!
4	Very weak 4. If I could give half stars, I would give OHSO 3.5I like the location and the layout of the restaurant. We started with the spinach artichoke and crab dip, which was pretty good but a little too fishy, like the crab wasn't fresh. I had the OHSO salad, which was good. The cook on the steak was nice, and the greens were fresh. My husband had the gnocchi bolognese, which he enjoyed, but he felt that the sausage on the dish was overpowering. Red wine sangria was fine - nothing extraordinary, but good.The service was very slow, and honestly pretty bad. I don't know if our server forgot our table was there, but she seemed more interested in chatting with the table behind us than taking our orders and refilling our drinks. I also think the portions are small for the price.Overall, we had an OK time. I would go back for drinks. I'm hoping the bad service was a one time fluke.
5	A friend and I met here last night and had a great experience!  The restaurant itself is very cool, the staff is great and they've got great beer and food!  The complimentary valet is also a nice touch.
4	One of my favorite spots.  Food, beer, and awesome ambience.
4	Very nice place with an awesome beer selection and tasty foods. The AZ burger was as good as the server said it would be. Hard to find parking for dinner because it was so packed but valet was complimentary at least. Not much of a night scene but great for an early evening.
4	I love the atmosphere of this place and has a really cozy back patio. You can't go wrong with the 4 cheese flatbread pizza and they are always nice enough to throw on some pesto for me too. I like the beer and wine selection but the only thing I have found is they seems under staffed when I have been there. Other wise thumbs up.
4	I'm never disappointed with OHSO! The food is great (LOVE the OHSO burger) and they have an amazing selection of beer. I would only suggest that they keep the favorites on tap, I hate going anywhere to satisfy a craving just to find out they're out. For you dog lovers, they have an awesome dog friendly patio. And DON'T FORGET to grab some if their dog treats homemade from the spent grain. My pup Ginger goes nuts for these treats. Can't wait till the hot Arizona summer ends so I can jump back on my beach cruiser, and bike along the canal with my friends to enjoy another Beer Brunch on the patio with my pup.
4	If you are looking for a good burger, and sweet potato fries, or Yucca Chips then this is your spot.  I am not a beer drinker, but if you enjoy a good brew they are also a micro brew, with a sampler.  Their Arizona burger is quite spicy, and very good.
5	What can I say.... This place is great!Beer selection is phenomenal and the brunch and a 10 oz. AZ beer for $10 is quite the deal! The back patio, which is dog friendly, is extremely relaxing on a nice AZ day with views of Camelback mountain. Bring your bikes as this is located right off of the canal trails and plenty of space to lock them up.
5	Really unique. Predict big things moving forward. Going to be a historic local spot when they introduce their new "Brew With Us" deal where you get to sign up to make custom brews with their brewmasters. Place is awesome for food and beers. Awesome, that they literally brew in the restaurant if that's what you would call this place. So unique. Must visit. Never seen a "nano" brewery like this. Totally Arizona bred and born. Oh-So is def. not so-so. Check it out.
5	We've have stopped in here twice in the past year while visiting the Phoenix area both times were excellent. The first visit we only had beer and the selection was great. The beer menu has everything a menu needs which makes selecting your beer easy. The second visit we had dinner and some beers, the food was the best I had in a while, I wish there was somewhere in my town that was this good. The service was great, we had two servers because one went on break or something and both girls were very helpful. This place is a must visit while in the valley.
1	Overly-Hyped Sh*tty Operation.  Very disappointed and won't be returning.  My friend and I were excited to have a drink after a horrible week.  OHSO is right by my house but I had never been.  We walked in and were met by an angry girl with a nose ring (doesn't matter but just for identification purposes) who barked that we had to put our name in for a table and a 45 minute wait.  We were a bit thrown off by her attitude but asked nicely if we could look at the bar to see if there were seats.  She grumbled that there was open seating in the bar. We went into the packed bar and there was not a seat but two girls were about to leave a high top.  We were excited and waiting to grab our long awaited beer.  We were then approached by a hostile brunette server who asked us if we had put our name in with the hostess.  We explained that we were going to sit at this bar table.  She snapped that we had to put our name in for this seat in the bar.  We explained that we thought the bar was open seating and she rolled her eyes.  Up walks nose ring girl.  She rolled her eyes at the brunette (as if we couldn't see her disdain) and says she told us we couldn't just sit down.  I felt like we had committed a crime.  My friend and I were over this unwelcoming, ridiculous place...so we told them we were leaving, walked across the street to Arcadia Tavern (had never been there either) and enjoyed a beer in a friendly environment.   Oh So sorry...will never be coming back!
4	I absolutely loved the flatbread pizza. Very good. I was a little disappointed with the beer though. I had the orange blossom and the orange pail. I'm not sure exactly what it was but they just seemed very hoppy or strong, but not in a good way. They were good but not great. But just my opinion. Can't wait to see the outside once they are done renovating it. It was closed last week.
4	Tonight was our first time here.  Thank goodness they have complimentary valet parking!  It is big and a bit noisy.  But the food ....... oh my goodness!  I had an amazing brisket sandwich, my husband and my friends husband had cheese burgers.  And my other friend has a sweet chili burger.  They all loved their food too.  I want to go back and have the shrimp tacos  Can't wait!
5	I love OHSO!! The husband and I bike along the canal often and get sucked into the fun ambience of OHSO. They are a bike and dog friendly bar and restaurant, and they really mean it! They have a whole wall dedicated to their biker customers with locks and several tools for all your bicycle needs. They have a lot of bike parking right off of the canal next to the outdoor patio. I was so surprised to see the amount of dogs that people brought! They just hangout in the booths, either on the floor or in the seat or even underneath the booths. OHSO provides free dog treats and water bowls to keep your dog happy. We came to brunch on a Sunday, so of course they had all the football games playing around the bar. OHSO has a great Sunday brunch special which includes a 10 oz beer and a choice of one of their brunch dishes for $10. Even without the special their normal prices are awesome, with pitchers of quality beer for only $9!  We got the breakfast flatbread and a pitcher of Orange Blossom, that's from Papago brewery, and omg they were both delicious. The orange blossom had a unique taste of oranges and a hint of vanilla, it was hard not to chug all of it immediately! The flatbread was amazing, it had eggs, spinach, Spanish chorizo and much more I can't remember. You could taste the great quality of the ingredients they used! I saw a LOT ( i mean a lot) of people get the biscuits and gravy, which you would think is ordinary but they put a classy twist on the dish, I will definitely try it next time, it looks so good! The couple next to us also had bloody Mary's and it looked amazing too! Ill try that next time too! I plan to know OHSO like the back of my hand within the next few years because its an amazing place and we live very close! Can't wait to come back!
5	On my most recent visit to O.H.S.O., they hit the ball out of the park (so to speak) so I have to give them five stars. I decided to check out this place for Sunday brunch and was thrilled with the quality of the food and service, the fun and lively atmosphere, and, of course, the great selection of beer! This is the kind of place you can proudly show off to people from out of town who are just visiting Phoenix.Every time I try a new place for a late breakfast/brunch on the weekends, I make a point to sample the biscuits and gravy. If the kitchen doesn't have an appreciation for a hearty, stick-to-your-ribs standard like biscuits and gravy, it will be evident. And I was not disappointed in O.H.S.O.'s wonderful take on this breakfast classic... biscuits were fresh and soft, the white sausage gravy was creamy and hearty (with a nice spicy kick). And I was thrilled they offer a half-portion side order for just $4. My buddy and I agreed that the "Beer Brunch" was the way to go, and we were super-pleased with our meals. I had the breakfast burrito (the perfect portion size, stuffed with green chile pork carnitas, eggs, cheese, potato) and my buddy had the churrasco steak and egg dish. Both dishes came with a 10-oz. AZ draft beer of our choice for $10, which we agreed was a great value!I originally tried O.H.S.O. shortly after they took over this location from the Black Forest Mill. I was impressed with the beer selection (especially since they featured a hometown favorite... Rubicon's Monkey Knife Fight from Sacramento), but I was not initially impressed with the food. It has been years since my first visit, and the improvement is palpable. They are brewing their own beer, and I am happy to report that they are firing on all cylinders. The food is great, and the laid-back atmosphere and friendly beer-buzz vibe is undeniable (especially if you check out the back patio). The complimentary valet service may put you off at first, but it is not an attempt at being pretentious. This place is becoming so popular that it is really the best way for them to manage their available space for parking. I was here on a weekend night for a friend's going-away party in the front-most room, and the entire place was frenzied, fun, and just jumpin'! This is now one of my number one fun dining destinations--and a valuable addition to the Phoenix craft beer scene.
5	I was completely satisfied with the overall experience at this place... If we lived in the area, this would be our regular spot.Great outdoor set up.... Nice food / beer happy hour deals.. Worked out great for brunch.They have a lot of beers on tap, lots of other local beers as well.Great deal for ten bucks, food and a beer. Service was fine.. Food was fine.. Overall, good to go... Oh yeah, dog ad kid friendly.. Huge plus
5	Great atmosphere, great food, great service, fun patio, dog friendly, free homemade pet treats.  Love this place!!!
2	The food here was decent - I liked the spinach artichoke and crab dip, which was tasty and a good sized portion. I forget what I had, I think it was some salad which was ok and the sangria which again was fine. The thing that stands out for me was how AWFUL the service was.We waited about 30 minutes or so for a table, which was fine. Had some drinks, sat on some couches. No problem.After we were seated (we still had the drinks we were already working on) no one came for at least another 30 minutes, and I'm not exaggerating. When our waitress finally came she asked if we were going to want to order anything. Um, why did we ask to be seated at a table and not just keep sitting in our comfy couches by the bar???She eventually took our orders, and they eventually brought our food. Then we didn't see her again for another hour until she brought the check. Just awful - and it wasn't even busy. For the price, I couldn't believe the awful service.
4	Stopped by this place over this past weekend for lunch. Parking is not ideal - you will pretty much have to valet park to eat here, which we don't love being forced to do.  The place itself is a good size on the inside and has a back patio that seems to be a big hit with the locals.  We had just visited an outdoor Oktoberfest event and decided to enjoy the A/C instead.The bike theme of the decor can be seen throughout the restaurant and it's a fun and whimsical idea incorporating a close by bike trail.  The menu has a variety of options from flatbreads to burgers.  I had the BBQ bacon burger and he had the pulled pork sandwich.  Both were prepared well and tasted good!  Our friend had one of the flatbread (I don't remember the exact one - my apologies) but I remember he said it was very good.Our server was extremely friendly and helpful throughout the meal and had a great sense of humor.  Overall: AWe will be back to enjoy that patio!
2	I really wanted to like this place! Before even trying it for myself I heard good things about this place, but the 2 out of three times I've been I have found hair in my food. Service was great all three times but the hair in the food just did it for me. I'm going to assume this happens often because of their dog friendly patio (where I sat all three times). They do have a great beer list and it changes weekly so if I do go back maybe I'll play it safe and just drink.
5	This is my new favorite place by far. The food is outstanding! I have now tried about four things on the menu and I loved them all! The patio is the best place to sit because they have fans, huge tvs, outside bar and best of all, dogs are welcome!! The white sangria is delicious as well as the huge selection of small brewery beers. Overall, this place meets all my qualifications for a great night, excellent food, drink, service, and all the fluffy dogs you can pet! :)
2	The waiter was not that attentive and brought cold fries. Asked for no tomato and had to pick them from my burger. Very noisy place too. I think the place is just ok....
3	Good food and great atmosphere. However, the service lacked in that we waited too long to get drinks ordered, food ordered, and the check. This would have been forgiven if it was busy, but it wasn't. Otherwise I would go back and give this place another try.
2	EDIT: 2 stars instead of 3, waiting FOREVER STILL.First time here was awesome this time around service started great, the server disappeared. Then sat without a drink and my food sitting on the table waiting for a box..so far I'm still waiting...love the food and the atmosphere but not so much the service.
5	One of my most favorite places to go!  And I haven't even tried the patio yet!  Loud enough that a "feisty" kid doesn't bother others but not so loud you can't talk to people at your table.  Food has been good and consistent.  Beer selection has yet to disappoint.  They focus on local...so I"m a fan!!!
4	Complimentary Valet is always a plusThe inside has a cool industrial, outdoorsy, bicycle feel... It is also a "seat yourself" deal which I'm not sure is all the time or just on the weekends but I didn't mind because I got to choose a cute low table in the main seating area... I love the chalkboard signs and menus on the wall... Our server was nice and cool... Gave us a menu and took our water orders...The menu is pretty small but everything sounds goodI chose the pumpkin ale which sounds yummyFor my entree I selected the Skirt Steak with fries which seems like a very popular item...The pumpkin ale is great! I was informed that the skirt steak was mixed sort of like carne asada fries and so I would thought I would give it a tryThey are really yummySuch a great flavor and the steak is cooked perfectly...I was not expecting so much flavor from this dish but it is exceeding my expectations All in all it was a great visit and I am glad to have tried this spot, I will be back soon
3	Pretty cool atmosphere. The food was pretty good, looking forward to trying it again.
1	Went there today and sat at a table that was reserved in about an hour and ten min from when we got there. The first thing the waiter said was "you know you only have an hour right". Very rude first impression. He barely talked to us the whole time. I ordered a cheese burger medium cooked and it came out cooked fine but there was an inch long gross red bloody spot on the bottom bun that was soggy. I'll post a pic if I can. Told him they shouldn't serve food like that and he said ok as he walked away and never said sorry or anything. I will never go back.
3	5 stars for beer selection. 0 for service (30 minutes to get food and drink from the time we ordered - 45 more to get the bill). 2 burgers, pink, BBQ one was great, AZ was literally still a precooked patty pink mush and onion straws were cold and slimy like they never made it to the frier. I got the wrong beer - twice. Didn't point any of this out to server because she barely existed. Good ambience and beer selection. Will still come for beer and bar only. Eat before you go.UPDATE: Manager reached out to correct service issues and was genuinely interested in the experience and details - a good sign! Plus, dogs loved the complimentary dog treats we brought home. Going to head back to try backyard BBQ with bike up on the canal - more to come!
5	I travel a lot for work and always make it a point to find a local brewery or pub in all the cities I go to.  I have to say this was one of the best!  The brews were fantastic and the food was upscale with a pub feel.Note - the samples are a $1 each, but worth they spend.  Try and White Mocha brew....very cool!
4	What a fantastic little gem this place is!The atmosphere is very laid back, the employees are fun loving people, the ambiance is wonderful. I love the simple wood designs and the casual decorations. No formalities needed, just come on down and have a seat.The first and most important thing is the beer. You won't see any crap beer on the menu-- these are people who embody and respect the craft culture. In addition to a few of their own house brews they carry a wide range of Arizona brewed selections from names you'll likely recognize. They also have an impressive selection of pumpkin beers, if you're into that sort of thing. I guess now is the season.it's a tough call as to where you'll want to sit but at night there is no where I'd rather be than in the lovely patio, which surrounds a classically designed center bar with plenty of screens for the sports minded among us. It's basketball season now and I can't wait to take advantage of that here. I suggest you try this place out on a weeknight first, as there was absolutely no wait and the service was prompt. I can't stress enough just how cool everyone who works here seems to be-- yet another effect of the craft culture I suppose. The food is also damn good. It's mostly hearty, burger based fare-- the kind of stuff that goes oh so well with a fine brewed beverage. The shoestring fries are good munching. My brisket sandwich was pretty loaded and more than adequate to satisfy my immense hunger. They do have a selection of tacos and veggie burgers for your lighter eaters. The prices are pretty reasonable and hardly outside of the range of your average craft beer drinker.It's gonna be a good season of sports with a place like this to retreat to.
3	Finally got a chance to check out OHSO after hearing so much buzz about this place.  I love local breweries and I love craft beer.  I do consider myself knowledgable on beer and a self proclaimed "beer snob!"  From my first impression of OHSO I was impressed with the beer menu and that they print out a new menu everyday.  Some of the more impressive beers on the list for this day was Dragoon IPA from Tucson and Lil Sumthing Wild from one of my top breweries Laugnitus.  What I wasn't impressed with was the own brews made by OHSO.  There were only 3 on tap.Every time I'm at a brewery I have to have their local beer.  I don't go to a brewery for a guest beer.  I think that was my mistake with OHSO.  I had the mindset of trying a new brewery, not a cool new beer bar.  With only 3 on tap I thought the safest and should be most tasty was the IPA.  To put it bluntly, this was the worst IPA I have ever had.  It tasted like a hoppy Bud Light.  Wow..I've had IPA from many breweries all around, but non as bad as this one.  I'm sure some hipster is going upset at me for talking bad about OHSO, but come on this is bad.Its hard for me to rate a brewery on just one beer, but with only 3, I think its fair.  So I give OHSO a F on their beer, but a A for their guest beer list and the actual layout of the business.  Their rear patio was very nice and I loved the dog friendly aspect of it.  I want to come here with my dogs and They get bonus points for the patio.  I think OHSO has some room to improve with their beer, so next time I visit I will keep an open mind about it being a cool place to hangout at and drink good hard to find craft beer.  I wont be thinking it as a brewery.  I can't speak for the food so I can give them another star depending on their food which from other reviews looks real good.
5	Finally. Phoenix welcomes one of the greatest neighborhood gathering place of all time. Thank you Stuart, Justin, Cale, Adam and the rest of the A-Team crew for making this night and every night a great time with friends, great food and great beers.
4	I'm knocking off one star for the less-than-stellar food (spongy flatbread, soggy fries). Otherwise, I love this place! Great beers on tap - I got the Angry Orchard Hard Cider. I love the decor and ambience. The back patio is SO COOL. The type of place you want to visit every Friday or Saturday night. It backs up to the canal and has great views of Camelback Mountain. A great place to come with friends.One note - there was a car accident last night right outside the parking lot. I'm not surprised, because the parking lot is CRAZY! I wish the parking lot were bigger.
4	Love the dog friendly back patio. Good food, excellent micro brew selection. Happy hour pretty weak however. Good deal on a pitcher, but that's about it, so better have same taste in beer as whomever you are with. Deal on pints would be better way to go. Ordered small happy hour hummus plate for $3, but came with 3 little pita pieces. Waiter did bring a few more when asked. Not a big deal, better just to split an entree rather than waste $ on the small bites.
5	My boyfriend took me here for drinks after our first dinner date together. It has been his and many of his good friend's spot since they recently discovered it earlier this year. I am a HUGE fan of this place! Delicious food, great selection of beer, lots of seating, the back patio is great for game days and brunch. They have brunch specials which sometimes (if not always?) come with a complimentary mimosa or breakfast beer. Very dog friendly. Lots of bikers, hikers, etc. come here. Great staff! My favorite mixed drink is the Moscow Mule with extra ginger made just right is to die for! It's my boyfriend and I's go-to-spot. MUST TRY!
4	Great place to go to for happy hour and cheap food/drinks.  Parking might be an issue if you go at their peak times.  You might have to park your car at the nearby Safeway lots and walk over.  Great service and delicious food/drinks, can't go wrong with it.
4	Great atmosphere and patio with bring your dog encouraged and get a treat from your server. I had a great deal with their happy hour pitchers for six bucks. The pizza and pulled pork were both good
5	LOVE OHSO so much! Great food. Great beer. And super dog friendly with an awesome patio (my favorite part) 5 Stars for OHSO
4	Stopped in here Thursday for lunch with my dog.  Great place to hang out for both of us.  Server greater us with a water bowl and home-made biscuit for the dog.  I had one of their own brews though they had a wonderful selection on tap of other breweries.  They pulled pork sandwich was great.
5	Five stars! That's right, beer fans if you haven't seen what OSHO has to offer, you're missing out! First off their beer selection rocks. You can even brew your own beer and pick a name for it with their on-staff beer geniuses. The happy hour prices are awesome - you can get a pitcher or a pint and I think during happy hour the pitchers are only a dollar more than a pint. So that's a tough decision ha ha!Next, this place is dog friendly on the patio. So bring your pup and some friends next time. They have a dog wash station and a little dog bowl bar to keep your canine buddy hydrated. They even bake homemade dog treats from leftover grain from the beer making process.They also have beer events and smoke meats on the patio for barbecues. If any of this sounds appetizing to you, plan a happy hour with your friends at OSHO! You won't regret it.P.S. the patio gets pretty full, but I believe they take reservations, so give them a call to find out, if you plan to bring a large party.
4	This place is so cute!  It has an interesting, eclectic atmosphere that's a bit rustic (lots of wood), a bit hipster (lots of bikes and doggies welcome) and a bit big-awesome-brew-pub-sports-bar (big tvs and spacious - lots of seating, big booths, big bar, lots of room to move around).  The food is yummy, the atmosphere is laid back and the service is pleasant.  We had the fish tacos and the veggie burger, which were both quite tasty, well above the usual level of bar food.  My friend and I are already planning what we'll eat next time we go!
3	OHSO has really gotten its shit together! I love their crafty cocktails, my SO loves the endless beer list, and the food is fantastic. In the meantime, it's also become a McDonaldland playhouse for bratty Arcadia spawn. The last three times we've gone, there have been screaming (I mean, getting-beheaded-screaming) children and kids running loose all over the place, darting between tables like it's their personal playground. (Always a wise decision in the presence of drinking adults and servers carrying breakable and/or hot things.) Throw this on top of the fact that the place is intrinsically extremely loud, and you have a totally obnoxious experience. Next time we're craving the veggie burger and pork sandwich, it's takeout time.
4	Love coming here for brunch. When the weather is nice, I love to come here and sit in the patio. Everything on the brunch menu is $10 and it comes with a beer or a mimosa...can't beat that deal! My favorite dishes are the green chili breakfast burrito or the churrasco steak & egg. I used to always get their breakfast flatbread but they changed their flatbread few months ago to this much thicker cracker crust that my friends and I are not a fan of...please bring back the old flatbread crust!...it was so thin, crispy & yummy! Anyways, cool thing about this place is it's bike & dog friendly!
5	Great place. Great atmosphere, brews and food. Their own brews were good, as well as a large selection of craft beers from around the nation. Had the AZ Burger. Very good! Fries are just average, but the burger was moist, big and tasty.
4	Great back patio on a sunny day.  Super dog friendly -- water bowls, dog treats, and welcoming staff, so our labrador was a comfortable part of our dining party.  Chill atmosphere, very friendly (if a tad disjointed) service, good beer list, and we really liked our dishes (veggie burger and chile verde pork tacos).  I'll come back without a doubt.
1	We took mom there for little birthday party and sad that we did. The FLIES where every place, inside,  outside, should call the fly bar. Makes you think what in the kitchen. Won't be back.
5	Best spot for hard to find local AZ brew!!!They also have a very cool Nano brew setup that every homebrewer would kill to have!Good food, good atmosphere, and enough bikes on the patio to start your own hipster bicycle gang.
5	Weekend bike ride down the canal? Yes please. Especially when the reward at the end is a great brunch and a beer, or a huge mimosa, or 5, or whatever.My friends and I love the pooch friendly backyard patio... just make sure to get there a bit earlier to grab a table because everyone else loves the patio too. Great vibe, friendly people, quality beer. Boom. And don't fall into the canal after you're done if that is your preferred route to and fro.
5	If you are Dog lover this is awesome place filled with great menu and beer. Great service and you get to bring your four legged friend :) Is this can get any better????
2	I took about a 7 month hiatus from OHSO.  I was dragged back kicking and screaming for a friend's birthday this last Friday.  They have a happy hour which apparently ends at 6pm.  Fine.  We got there around 6:05 and ordered a few pitchers of beer.  I will continue to give them praise for their beer selection.  My beer was very tasty.Our server came by and asked us if we'd like any appetizers to start with.  I had seen on the happy hour menu that they serve a pretzel cheese fondue type thing. During happy hour (which ends at 6), this app is like $3 or something.  It is now 6:13pm.  I ask if I can have the pretzel cheese fondue thingy....aaaannnd....wait for it...wait for it....our server says NO! I, of course, assume that there is some sort of miscommunication on my part.  I tell her that I fully recognize that I cannot have the pretzel fondue thingy for the $3 happy hour price.  It's 6:13 after all, and the happy hour ends at 6.  So I ask again.  AGAIN SHE SAYS NO!  Undeterred and extremely desirous of the pretzel fondue thingy, I say, Look, I know I can't get it for $3.  Can't I pay you some exorbitant price and get it?  AGAIN SHE SAYS NO!!!  She says the pretzel fondue thingy is ONLY AVAILABLE DURING HAPPY HOUR.  WHAT?!  She then proceeds to tell me that I can wait until 10pm when Happy Hour starts again and order it.  WHAT?!  THE MICROWAVABLE PRETZEL FONDUE FAIRY IS TAKING A 4 HOUR BREAK OR SOMETHING?!  Ok. Ok. Ok.  I get that sometimes you can't order the thing you want.  I get it.  Breakfast at 10pm when you're not at a Denny's? Fine. I understand.  BUT THIS IS A PRETZEL!  A pretzel that was available 13 minutes ago and will be available in another 3 hours and 47 minutes!!!Crestfallen, I ordered some pesto hummus, a cheese burger, and a couple more pitchers of beer.  All were perfectly fine.  But all I really wanted was my pretzel cheese fondue thingy.  I have never offered to pay more for something and been denied.  Like, literally never in my life.  Why OHSO? Why do you so desperately want me to hate you?
5	Wanted to update after doing the brewers experience. Thats right, I brewed my own beer at OHSO! So basically you sign up for one of the dates on their iphone app. They have a list of dates and then each date has a different type of beer. So porters, ipa's, amber, then some interesting specialty beers.  You pay but then they give you a gift certificate for the same amount back so it free then right? Anyway, expect to spend about 5 hours when you brew. Dave the head brewer was awesome and went through the whole process and answered any questions we had. Although you might think you are stuck making a plain old porter for example, they are great in embracing your creativity. You can add ingredients, make it more or less hoppy. You get to customize everything. Dave's first answer when asking about adding things is yes. He also explains why something might not work how you want and makes alternate suggestions. The brewing area is in the open so the whole time people were taking pictures and asking questions who were there eating dinner. This is pretty unique. Don't think i've ever heard of a place letting you brew your own beer and then letting you have it up on the board for sale.So you get to brew your beer and then you name it and pick a tapping date. Thats right, your own beer will be for sale at OHSO. Oh by the way, you can eat and drink while your brewing. If you need beers or food they will have it brought over for you.So lets recap fowks...You get to spend 5 hours brewing your own beer while drinking beer! Then you get to go back a month later and drink your own beer and see it proudly displayed on the beer list..
2	Although the staff is friendly, and the interior looked promising, as did the crowd, this brewery could do with a decent Chef to create tastier food.   The micro-brews were so-so.    Four Peaks wins by miles and miles.
5	I live really far from this part of town so it's been a struggle to get here.  We finally made it and I'm glad we did.  The restaurant is hip and laid-back.  We didn't sit in the patio but I noticed it was spacious and open to dogs - kind of like someone's back yard.  My cider (from The Cider Mill) was DELICIOUS as were my fish tacos.  We shared the pumpkin cheesecake and that was yummy too.  This seems like to perfect spot to drink a lazy Saturday afternoon away.  I look forward to coming back.
4	Pros: Awesome selection of beers several of which are local. (I know; that's sort of a duh because it's a nanoBrewery). The food is really good, especially their flatbreads, and the staff is friendly and efficient. You can have your dog on the patio and they have treats and water for dogs which is fun. Overall, it's a good atmosphere and an awesome place to bring out of towners to show them a cool local spot. The other patrons are always nice and interesting as well. In fact, pretty much every time I've gone here one of us girls walks away with a date! Good to know for all of you single folks! Cons: Parking kind of sucks. They do have free Valet but of course you still have to tip. It's not that big of a deal because they do have an ATM inside (which does charge a ridiculously high interest rate for withdrawals of course!) but still, something to keep in mind. Also, I feel like every single time I go there one of the toilets is clogged. Again, not that big of a deal but a pain nonetheless. And lastly, yes, it's fun that dogs are allowed on the patio and granted I know this is out of the restaurant's control so I didn't let it factor my rating, but some of the people that bring their dogs here are really stupid and ironically not what I would call "dog people." In other words, it's hard to relax because you're constantly trying to keep your dog under control but also other people's dogs at bay as well. Not a good time in my book.
3	review to follow does not indicate dissatisfaction with OHSO. i still love the place, the beers, the patio, the location, the food. service on this occasion was far, far from expectations at OHSO. work happy hour. arrived with only a few minutes left. the waitress says, "ok guys, last call for happy hour, what'll you have" and then walked off. so we grabbed another server who seemed to be helping our previously arrived friends. the first waitress comes over and shoo's him off, asks again what we'd like and again, starts to walk off! what...???? we quickly call back for her and shout out our orders. the remainder of our experience that evening, she seemed frustrated with us and put out...never smiling once...which is unusual considering the stellar service we normally get. i understand she was trying to get last happy hour orders in, but all we needed was 5 seconds for her to write our drink orders. anyway, a one time fluke i think. of course we'll go back!
5	Orange Blossom is totes amaze, $6 Moscow Mules till 6pm, good food, great scenery, annnnnnnnd dog?! Yes please! Service and drinks in seconds?! Can't beat that!
4	Great patio, super dog friendly. And amazing food.  Their brisket is better than most BBQ joints and their fish and chips are amazing, and that coming from a person who doesn't like fish.
4	Back again, (two days ago) came here for my Birthday (november) and everything seemed fine, I'm starting to think its only the patio employees who are odd. (Being that we sat outside this time) Love this place and one of the managers who saw my last review reached out to me to try to make things right. I would like to give big props to Stuart for caring.To start this experience off:Sign read something along the lines of wait to be seated so we stood for about 30 seconds before a guy walking by said "uhhhh you guys doin alright?" Then said its open seating. We head to the patio.The waitress came soon enough, then said "want a beer menu?" We obliged and she came to take our order quickly. She seems nice enough just ditzy, we ordered off the late night menu and asked for pepperoni on the flatbread pizza to which she replied "we don't have pepperoni." And that was the end of that. The menu did read something along the lines of "ask for pepperoni! its free!" or something like that. Not a HUGE deal. The food was great the beer was great (we only got to enjoy one each since she took our beer menu and left us hanging the rest of the time.This experience wasn't by any means a "bad" one. I will continue to come here in the future. I am updating this review to a 4 star, this place has everyone going for it except the service issues (which arent completely horrible)GREAT FOODFAIR PRICESGREAT BEERCLOSE TO MY HOMESMALL PARKING LOT (although Ive always been able to find a spot so its not too bad)MANAGEMENT APPEARS TO CARE ABOUT THE PATRONS EXPERIENCE4 STARS.... 5 STARS once the service issues improve.
3	Food: Let me clarify, the food is inconsistent but the beer is always good. They have some really awesome dishes, but I get it once and it blows me away. I come in again and get it and it's "meh." I have been here quite a few times and a few of my favorites are the pastrami, the chorizo and potato flat bread, and skirt steak and fries. Really if I am being honest though, most of the time I am not going here for the food. I am going for the beer. 50 taps. Half from AZ half from elsewhere. Not only is it a good selection but they serve it in correct glassware and know how to pour beer. Huge pluses. Their signature cocktails are quite good as well. I really enjoyed the Arcadia (with bubbles) and lived the Mule, especially that it comes in a copper cup. Atmosphere: Good to great. The back patio is awesome great place to bring your dog and enjoy a few pints on a fall evening. They have misters in the summer and heaters in the winter. The indoor portion is nice as well. The tables are super interesting, the walls are decorated with bicycle parts and a giant chalkboard with their draft selections. Service: Decent. Nothing great nothing to write home about. A couple of times, gave a great huge tip because they were awesome. Never have felt like I shouldn't give on either. The biggest problem is parking. During the evening they have complimentary valet, but even then there have been a couple times I had to park in the neighborhood across the street and hoof it. No biggie though.
5	I have enjoyed OHSO several times. Love the food and the drinks. Love that it's right off the canal and is bike and dog friendly. However, what I really want to review is their event planning. They are the only place in town who would work with me when planning an event for 50-80 people in which they did not require a deposit or that we spend a specific amount per hour, and did not require us to buy off a specific menu. They did separate checks for EVERYONE! The staff was friendly and attentive to work with before and during the event. Their staff followed up with me all the way up until the event. They allowed us to take over a substantial portion of their patio, they were friendly, had staff working specifically with our tables, and had super speedy service. I highly recommend them!!! Our party goers only had glowing reviews!! Based on this experience, I am happy to give them my business and recommend them to everyone!
4	If you love craft beer this is the place for you! I recommend going at sunset and sitting on the back patio!
4	Came here for Sunday brunch with the boyfriend.  A little hungover from the night before... go figure.  If you can ride your bike or walk here, do that.  Parking was a nightmare.  No, I don't want to valet my car but thanks anyway.  $10 for a beer & a meal?  That is something I'm willing to invest in.Given the parking situation, we figured the place would have major wait times... not the case.  We were seated immediately.  The inside looks like a hipster warehouse.  Is that a thing?  It is now.  Atmosphere is laid back.Really nice beer selection.  There is something for everyone... and brunch was fantastic.  I had the churrasco steak & egg.  I don't know if it was my hungover state of mind but the proportion was perfect & the flavor was spot on.After brunch, we walked out to the patio.  What a cute little spot.  I love how dog friendly everything is... they have a little dog washing station.  AW.  Adorable.  Can't wait to go back.  :)
4	New to Phoenix, my boyfriend and I enjoy custom brews and good, inexpensive dining. We found O.H.S.O in an online search of restaurants near our home. We were pleased when we arrived to see that this establishment is dog-friendly (providing water dishes, a spacious back patio, and homemade dog biscuits) since we are a two-tail family. While we did not bring our animals the first trip, we will in the future.The atmosphere is cozy - well-lit but soft lighting; the music has a wide variety and is kept loud enough to hear but low enough to talk reasonably; the building is clean, modern, and has a good lay out; and heated patios (in the winter) are a nice bonus feature. The price, for a night out for two with drinks, was reasonable.We were both pleased by the beer selection. The prices were a little high but not terribly so considering the place features local, small breweries. There was an average selection of food, although the menu is limited. I wished there'd been more options for vegetarian or vegan. The establishment could pull in a lot more business (and I'd be able to recommend to more friends) if they offered more than one veggie burger and a few salads for vegetarian/vegan selections. Of the veggie burger (which I had)... delicious and moist, very flavorful. My boyfriend hoovered his fish and chips to indicate how pleased he was with the meal.All-in-all, I'd recommend this place and return.
5	We've been here twice in the last few months and both experiences were fabulous!The first was a happy hour for our friend who brewed a house beer with the brewery.  This was very unique to try his beer and we sat on the patio in a large group. We only tried the green chili dip which was delicious.  I loved the local beer selection especially the Papago orange blossom and four peaks hefe!!!We returned a week ago for a birthday dinner and sat inside.  It was a lot more mellow and quiet inside. This time I ordered the pork tacos which were very good and seemed homemade.  It comes with a nice bowl if pork with a slaw, a bowl of yummy salsa, 5 tortillas, a dish of guac!Amazing understated friendly service both times.  You can tell they like eating at thier restaurant!
5	great local spot, a hidden gem if you will. great place to bring the dogs, menu is decently priced and the food is delicious. not to mention the service, fantastic. i have every intention or returning. well done!
5	Great beer, great food, and if you are a dog lover..the most pet friendly restaurant ever!  Service is fantastic too. This is one place where we will go every trip to Phoenix.  My dog is craving O.S.H.o dog biscuits!
3	Eat at home and come here for a great beer selection. Food looks good online but is disappointing to say the least.
5	We were looking for a place to have an early dinner my kids and I on our way to the airport. Great place. Excellent service and creative food.
3	I drove by Phoenix driving back to California from Sedona.  I was hungry so I looked up a bar/ restaurant with TV where I can watch the Sunday games.  O.H.S.O was the first thing that popped on my yelp search.I parked right in front of the restaurant in the restaurant parking lot.  I walked in and seated myself at the bar.  I ordered some beer and ordered an Arizona burger.  The bar tender wasn't too friendly... she seemed to be a bit of a stuck up. It looked like everyone seated at the bar were regulars and maybe that's why I didn't feel so welcomed but, that really shouldn't be the kind of service that I should be getting regardless.What saved it was the burger.  The Arizona Burger was OH SO GOOD!  If I lived in Phoenix, I'd probably come back for the burger even though the service sucks.  Who knows maybe the other servers are nicer!
1	Neither my hubby or I liked this place. Our food was not tasty- we were thinking, "jeez-I'm paying someone to cook this??" And although my hub liked his beer, I didn'tike mine. We'll go elsewhere.
5	The brunch is delicious and has a good price. Mimosas and brunch for $10.86 a price that can't be beat.
5	I'm long overdue for a review for this place - my favorite bar in Arizona. As a craft beer fan (I try not to say "snob"...), I'm overwhelmed with a place with this good a selection of beers that I've never tried before or are worth trying again. In addition to the ones they brew themselves (which are quite good), they also have a terrific selection of locals and from elsewhere, on draft. I get sample sizes when  I have the time, a pint when I don't. Happy hour is $6 for a pitcher (roughly 2.5 pints) for local Arizona brews. I've been here for happy hours, dinners, and late drinks with friends and have had a quality experience every time. To their credit, for a craft beer place they have a decent selection of mixed drinks and some wines. For food, I've been pleased with chicken sandwiches (very tender), the Sunday all-you-can-eat bbq, and appetizers. The food is decent enough given that the focus is on the beer (in my opinion). Servers have been quite knowledgeable about the beers. Atmosphere is kick-back casual, with a bright interior with various types of places to sit - booths, bar, tables, patio. Patio is dog-friendly. Parking can be tight but I've parked across the (rather busy) street (i.e., across Indian School), and it's not that big a deal.  So far the only matches for beer selection are World of Beer (Tempe and Gilbert); Angel's Trumpet (which has no happy hour and the food is so-so at best); and 1702 (Tucson).
5	I love this place. Simply put, it's a brewery with great food. The beer menu changes often but the food is consistent.The great thing about OHSO is that it's multi purpose. Sometimes i come to eat dinner, sometimes I come to drink a lot of beer and other times I'll come for the amazing Mimosa brunch.All of the beers I have tasted have been delicious and the variety of creative brews does not exist elsewhere in the area. As far as the food goes I've had their BBQ burger and their churasco steak and eggs brunch dish. Both of which I would rate 5 stars and the brunch special (an entree with a very large mimosa for $10) is one of the best deals in all of Phoenix.In addition to great food and great beer, this place is dog friendly, you can bring your dog on the patio, they have water dishes and they even make free doggie biscuits that my dog absolutely loves. That's an extra touch that secures the 5th star for this truly unique establishment. OHSO has become my go to neighborhood bar/brewery and the 1st place I think of when I want to grab a beer.
5	OHSO is one of my favorite spots! They have an excellent beer list that changes quite often. Everything I've tried on the menu has been delicious, I recommend the green chile dip and the brisket sandwich. Beyond the food and the beer, the employees are the real reason I keep coming back. I have never had anything but excellent service here.If you're looking for great beer, food, and people OHSO is the place to be!
4	I had the beginning festivities of my 21st birthday party at OHSO. We had a dinner and were able to reserve tables for my group. They were very easy to work with and even let us set out decorations and bring our own cake!! Some places don't let you bring outside food in - so it was so great that they let us bring our own cake because it was custom made and beautiful. OHSO has the best mojitos I have ever had. They have a great atmosphere outside in the back which is where we were. The food is awesome. I would definitely make it a regular spot to eat and drink
5	For Xmas My wife and I were given a brewing session where we could assist a couple of their brewers in brewing a batch of beer. The two fellows that walked us through the process were Dave and Jeff. Super nice guys and very knowledgable. If you are in to beer, I highly recommend checking this out. It came with brunch and a couple of beer tastings. The breakfast burritos are awesome and as always a wide beer selection.
4	I took my Man out to brew and dine him, so we brew hoped and this was our first stop.  We came here first because the food looked to be the best of all our planned stops.  We ordered the brew plate and there was a lot to share.  I liked everything, well except the cheese crackers, I don't like crackers that hurt my teeth and are not very flavorful.  Some of the items were ok some were really good.  The brie was legit, creamy creamy, the salami and prosciutto were great, the potato chip gouda was really good, the pita went well with everything, fruit roll up was awesome.  Some of the things on the plate I was a little meh about was the strawberry cream cheese stuff, it tasted great, but like flavored cream cheese I could get from the grocery store, same with the nuts, they didn't do anything to make them special, the eggplant was too sweet.  As far as the beer, 5 stars, the Hubby is an IPA fan so there were three he liked the angry bastard being his favorite and the dragoon being so-so, but not bad.  I sampled the stout, oh it was great!    Our waitress was very nice!
4	What a great place! I've heard about it so much, and finally got to give it a try. The owner and manager so generously hosted Desert Harbor Doberman Rescue for a happy hour - and they donated 15% during that time period to the rescue - what wonderful people! Our waitstaff was so friendly and helpful - the place was crazy packed, obviously this is the place to be. They are incredibly dog friendly and a lot of people came there on bikes. A lot of people in our group really liked the food they ordered. Really, really good fries. I ordered off the kids menu and didn't love the chicken fingers (kind of a processed taste), but I think that is what I get for ordering off the kids menu - that is probably what kids like. :) So happy that I got to try out OHSO.
4	Driven past here a few times and it's always busy! Finally had lunch there and it was terrific! Sat out on the back patio too which is wonderful. Had an energetic vibe to it and it's fun to see all the happy dogs too! I had the spicy green chili burrito and husband had the smoked brisket. Both were excellent! Great price too. His was $12 and mine was $10. Lots of super fun beers, but it's the patio and fun service that makes this place great. Well done!
5	This is my favorite watering hole in the Phoenix area. I have been going to OHSO for the past 7 months and every time has been a great experience. All the staff is friendly and the food/beer selection is amazing. The back patio is my favorite part, because of all the furry customers (dogs). I would recommend this place to anyone that wants to have a quick beer, nice date, family dinner or just getting together with friends.
5	The beer just keeps getting better and better. One of their newest brews is a red ale called Bock at the Moon. I highly recommend getting a pitcher of it and not sharing with anybody...because it's delicious...make them get their own pitcher! And it's only $6 on happy hour, you really can't beat that deal. As for food, check out the flatbreads. The Pisa is amazing as well as the Grilled Chicken FlatProst!
4	This place has amazing flat breads! Loved their beer sampler options and the patio for dogs was very unique (to bad I don't have a dog!) I will need to come back soon.
5	This place is awesome!  Great happy hour, great brunch Sat & Sun, great neighborhood spot all around and the patio is dog friendly!  Food is always delicious and some of the best beer selections in town (they have some crazy amount of offerings on tap).  I hosted a party here on their front patio, great space!  The catering menu's are a great option for groups and everything is just as delicious as the regular menu items.  The staff was amazing in the planning process making a point to sit down with me one-on-one to put a menu together and see that my vision was carried out.  For this particular event, I had some specific requests and without  flinching an eye, was taken care of.  On the day of the party, the room was set and the service was nothing short of fabulous.  Love this place!  OHSO staff=Rockstars!
5	I enjoy myself some good craft beer and really liked this place. If you can and enjoy stouts, I definitely recomment trying the OHSO stout, my boyfriend also REALLY liked their Imperial IPA. I also LOVED the ambiance at this place, very chill and laid back, there are bicycles decorations and pictures of doggy visitors all over the back patio (which, by the way is THE place to sit ). They have a changing beer menu and carry not only their own, but plenty of beers from other local breweries and some from not-so-local, like Japan!If you're in the area, or want to bring your dog with you to enjoy a brew, GO HERE. Seriously, great atmospher, great beer, nice staff.... need I say more?
1	I visited OHSO three times before deciding to write this review to ensure what I feel is a fair review. Unfortunately, my experience was the same all three visits. Mediocre food at best. In all honesty I can only rate the food based upon one visit as the second visit I did not eat, and the third time the service was so bad we canceled our order and left. The service was terrible no matter if it was slow, busy, or somewhere in between. I am not sure what these four and five star reviews find so appealing about this establishment, however I found it a very unpleasant experience. There are too many superior ale houses, gastro pubs, and breweries in the area to waste time here.
5	This place is quickly becoming our favorite bar. Been here 3 times so far and every time I keep finding something awesome about this place that makes me love it more. 1. It's right off the canal and 48th bike trails so easy to get to from Old Town and Arcadia on bike. 2. They have a nice 'backyard style' patio that you can bike upto, they have locks you can borrow and they have awesome bike decor all around that is also functional (bike wheels that are actually fans, bike chains that make up some lighting). 3. It's a dog friendly patio (I counted 15 dogs last time!) 4. Great crowd and beers!Never ate inside yet but the patio is the place to be, awesome views of Camelback, great people and dog watching and on Sundays you can enjoy their all you can eat BBQ for $15 (and it's a lot of food!). They have a lot of my favorite beers on tap including an Orange Blossom beer by the folks at Papago Brewery.Pricing is great on draft beers and I felt like for the experience and delicious food we ate the pricing is spot on. Go check it out and send me a message on what you thought of it because I think there needs to be more places like this around Central Phoenix!
5	Have been to this place during lunchtime.  The service was great and always friendly.  The food is great, from burgers to the flat bread pizza.  Great selection of micro brews as well.  Don't know what to order just ask the wait staff is very beer friendly.
4	I got here before all of my friends and went to the bar to wait for them. The bartender was awesome and let me try a couple of beers before I finally picked one. This was really nice of him because 1- i'm not a fan of beer 2- i'm extremely picky. this is a difficult combination but he was really cool and probably would have let me try the whole selection if i asked. When my friends finally got here, we went to sit down and we ordered food. Everyone was really happy with their food. I tried the pizza and sweet potato fries and they were really good. Definitely a fun place to hang out.Minus one star for horrible parking. they have valet which is nice but i really would just like to park my own car.
4	I am a big fan of O.H.S.O. Brewery & Eatery for many reasons. It has a very chill, hangout vibe to it; much more casual that a normal restaurant but nicer than a typical bar. They have a lot of different kind of seating which is nice so you can go with just two or large groups comfortably. They have a very large selection of rotating taps, including many other local Arizona brewery beers from Tempe, to Tucson to Sedona. They're happy hour apps. aren't amazing to be honest, but the price of pitcher beers is! I can't pick out a single favorite beer since they do have so many, so pick a few from the menu and have fun.
3	This place is alright. Parking is so crowded you need to valet. Food is all pretty good. I've tried flat breads and burgers. The service inside is great, and because of this I'd happily come here when it's not so crowded (lunch or weekday dinner). However, on weekend nights it is disgustingly crowded. Last night we thought we'd try out the patio. Big mistake. There is a bar in the middle of it so that is the focus. It smells like a frat house, like beer spilled on the floor long ago and smoke (Is it legal to smoke in restaurants in AZ? Yuck. Is this 1985?). I wouldn't recommend the back patio unless you're trying to relive your frat days.
5	My favorite place to drink in Arcadia...or maybe in Arizona. Great beer list (rotating), great atmosphere (as long as you're on the back patio or near the front. Middle of the restaurant? Not so much. I didn't like the old food/menu, but it seems they upgraded and I hear good reviews about the food now. A great place to ride your bike as well and extremely dog friendly.
5	Sometimes you wake up on a sunday and say to yourself, good lord I need something to help me through what i did last night. If thats the case you probably woke up right around 11 am, and your feeling a brunch coming on. When that's the case I've been fond of stopping in at O.H.S.O. They have a great brunch menu, a pet friendly patio, and the brunch includes a mimosa to take the edge off.And if your really feeling it stick around, they do a all you can eat barbecue that will fill you up with one plate easy. I recommend you grab a friend and split the sockeye salmon, and the breakfast wrap you'll end up with the best of two worlds.
5	This is the greatest place. Huge beer selection. Great patio and it allows dogs and even has baggies with home made doggie biscuits to take as you leave. Good food, casual place, central location. I highly recommend.
5	This is a great neighborhood pub - especially if you like craft brew.  If you are that Bud Light kinda guy/gal this place is not for you.  If you love beer, casual atmosphere, great food pub food, and outdoor seating then this is a great spot!The only reason the parking suck is because this place is popular for good reason.
3	-fun place to gather friends-good food, beers and apps-a bit to 'neighborhoodish' but love the dog atmosphere
4	Great double date place that allowed us to bring our dogs to sit at the table outside with us. Although it took a long time to get a table, the beer made up for it. As well as the BBQ chicken. The Sunday special will have me coming back for only the chicken and cornbread. Downside was the service, and when we were advertised the BBQ buffet, we ordered seconds and got "the last of it,so enjoy". And no chicken. Good atmosphere.
1	I was there this last  Sunday...I live right down the street, and I love the different bars and restaurants in my area. We decided to check out OHSO for the first time. We were promptly seated on the patio, and it was beautiful......And we sat and waited, and waited, and waited. I even asked a staff member if he was our server, his response was, "Probably not" , and walked off. After waiting nearly 15 minutes , and watching the staff walk by numerous times we decided to leave.  The place looks bomb, and I am sure it is great, if you can get service.
4	Cool place.Good Burgers.Also on sundays you can bring your dog to mingle with others. Pretty cool.
1	From the moment we sat down the waitress had a huge bad attitude. During the 20 minutes we tried to order we did nothing but shake our heads in disbelief at her crap attitude. Beyond that, the bar manager informed us well over half the beer selection wasn't available because they had started cleaning their taps too early..Total disappointment.
4	Stopped by for lunch and had the mahi and chips.  Had to return to work so unfortunately could not enjoy a cold beer. But, back patio provided a relaxing and welcoming atmosphere.
5	This is by far my favorite bar!  the back patio is where you want to sit. Great atmosphere, large beer selection, and great for winos like myself too!  I love coming here for weekend day drinking the best.  It gets very busy so often the tables are all taken but if you give it 5 minutes normally a table will open up.  Great food too. I love the white bean dip as an appetizer. And the veggie flatbread is probably my favorite meal there. I always take any visiting friends and family here! And always my pooch :)This is a great place for people who love riding bicycles to the bar and/or have dogs!  They have free u-locks to borrow for your bike and it backs up to the canal so great for biking to and from. They also have water dishes for your dog, as well as homemade dog treats.  There's hooks to connect your leash to. Really awesome bar!!
2	Great beer selection, great menu selection.  Went there last night (a Friday around 7).  We had a reservation so we were sat right away.  However, it took our server at least 7 minutes to greet us (we all had empty beers or hadn't had any beers at all by that time).  When he finally did greet us, it took at least another 10 minutes to get our beers.  The whole night went that way.  We started ordering two beers at a time to make up for the lag in service.  It was disappointing since the atmosphere, beer and food were great. It also took the server 10 minutes after we placed a beer reorder to tell us that one of the kegs had blown and our beer selection was no longer available.  I was afraid to order something else I'm fear that it might take another 10 minutes to finally get my beer.This was my husband and my first time there.  I have to say I may try it again but not at a busy time,  because I hate slow service.
3	Cool atmosphere, and nice beer selection (duh). Had the steak tacos. Food was good but not great. But I'd try something else again. Worst part was the parking situation. They have an all valet service that got backed up and took a while.
2	First time getting up to O.H.S.O, was very excited to try it out.  Seating was quick inside, back patio was a long wait, unless you had a dog with you like the guy ahead of us....Beers were good, my wife had the beet salad and really enjoyed it.  I had the steak tacos, they had a bit of a kick, very tasty.  Kids ate the flatbread pizza, and really enjoyed it.  Took a look at the back patio, it was packed and full of dogs - I'm really not a fan of animals at restaurants, but understand it is the choice of the establishment.  This was one of the main reasons we are inside.While leaving, we had to endure a very large crowd of smokers huddled two feet from the  main entrance - wasn't a pleasurable experience for non-smokers.  Valet parking only, but was quick. Still, it does hand the "please tip our valet" sign pit there, and most of us dish out a little, so it's not free parking.If you have kids, this may be a place you pass up for the moment - I know we won't be back for some time, which is a shame, I really like the idea, the food and beers, but dogs and smokers can keep it as their own -
5	Simply amazing. Their hamburgers are the best in town. Overall very solid menu and great atmosphere.
1	If you're going for beer and sunshine, by all means, go. If you're looking for friendly, personable and helpful service and bartenders, there are TONS of other cool-vibe and delicious- casual friendly places to eat  (close by and in old town Scottsdale).Best thing on the menu is the cheese burger.-all their food tastes fresh. But to hang out, mingle, check out the dogs and enjoy the sunshine, you will wait forever for a drink, forever to get the bartender's attention...you begin to feel like a crank because you and your group starts to complain about the poor service--it's better to get drinks somewhere else OR get a table. Even when you have a table, the servers are super slow. I won't spend one more dime or hour of mine here ever again.
5	Saturday morning brunch in the back patio. Let's leave it at that.Love this place.
3	Adding another star for the very nice reply I received per the business - always welcome to see a business working with its patrons.The smoking situation is still something that should be dealt with, there wasn't anywhere to avoid it on the way out of the establishment.  Allowing the smoking to continue so close to the entrance will cause issues when someone comes along and reports it - for the effort that appears to have been put into this business, I hope there is a solution worked out that allows people to smoke away from the entrance. I understand the parking, it's not an easy location to resolve, and that is what it is.
3	A charming little brew pub that we stopped at for lunch.  The patio is unique with a prime view of Camelback Mountain, as well as a bike lot for people to enter off the canal trail.The place serves a selection of traditional pub fare, along with some gourmet selections.  The also feature locally crafted beer and wines, in addition to a full bar.I tried one of the flatbread pizzas, while my guests had the pork tacos and the veggie burger.  The food was fresh and flavorful, and we all enjoyed our meals.I do, however, think that some of their prices are a bit ambitious, and rival higher class places in downtown Phoenix and Scottsdale. For example the flatbread pizzas are priced at the level of some authentic gourmet pizza places like Pomo and La Piazza Locale, which are way out of their league.As far as the pub part, I cannot comment on since I was at a working lunch and therefore could not indulge.
4	GF and I walked over for dinner.  I had pork tacos she had steak tacos.  We also ordered a cheese plate.  The food was as good as ever, maybe could have been a little hotter from oven.  We took a while to decide on drinks but finally settled on the mixed ones.  I know the beer aficionados will cringe, because this place has an awesome selection of craft brews...we just felt like something different.If you like dogs, you will love this place. We sat on the back patio.  Service was so-so but they were very busy so we understood. So, if you bring your dog and don't like others feeding it, be warned...I saw it happen a few times behind the owners back.
5	I live right down the street; the food is flawless; the beer is great; the happy hour is awesome ($6 local pitchers); and the people are always nice and happy. They have plenty of vegetarian options, and are eager to make substitutions. I crave their sweet potato fries more often than I'd like. Also, the veggie burger is their own hand-made patty and it's freaking delicious.It's a very laid-back atmosphere. They have a few flat screens at the top of the bar, so you can sit outside and watch sports. It's also my favorite spot to puppy-watch! Most people who sit in the back patio have their dog with them. If you go during happy hour, I recommend you try the happy hour food. The pretzels are super soft and the cheese dip is great, and I love their hummus + cucumbers app.
5	The service was cheerful and friendly-- the food was perfect...tasty and fresh. The mimosas are tasty!
5	Yep.  This place is as good as it gets.  When I lived in Tempe, Boulders on Broadway was my friendly neighborhood bar.  Now that I have a more permanent location in the Arcadia area this is where I go.  A quick bike ride up the 48th street greenbelt and im there! As everyone says, the back patio is awesome.  I spend the majority of my time here.  Love seeing all the different dogs and love all the local beer choices.  I am currently drinking quite a bit of dragoon IPA which they seem to always have on tap.  The prices are fair and the food is great.  I like their small bites menu for late night munchies.  A couple beers split up with a pretzel makes for a good night.  If you have friends in town and want to show them a little local flavor, check this place out.  So many local beers and they also micro-brew in house.  The back patio shows off our great weather, their menu features local ingredients such as the yucca chips.  This place is the epitome of your local bar.
5	Had the Arizona burger and the brisket and they were excellent. We drank the Arcadia and the Jensen and we loved them. The atmosphere was great and the service was incredible. Our server was Megan and she was impressive and pleasant. We had a great time and we'd come back again in a heartbeat.
5	The patio is a rocking with beer and dog lovers as OHSO has clearly ingrained themselves in the neighborhood.  Warning: you will envision yourself as a dog owner. Aside from the libations, are the well behaved canines lifting our spirits?For the re-review, food quality is consistently good. Try the tacos or hearty cheese board.  Eats are reasonably priced too. I also enjoyed an excellent tequila cocktail: the Jensen. That refreshing drink with a jalepeno bite will be enjoyed again this summer. A tiny slip up is the bar did made a gimlet with sour mix; a minor faux pas as we should all go there for the BEER! This fun bike destination does get crowded; enjoy midweek to get over the hump!
4	I thought food was good.  I particularly liked being able to sit outside.  Lots of seating.   Just a bit loud on the night I was there but, despite the crowd, service was fast enough.
3	Got there Friday night, atmosphere was good,  restaurant parking lot was packed, valet parking was available but we found a spot. Seated right away, waiter came and took our order, took a very long time  (20+ minutes) to get our appetizer of spinach and crab dip with veggie chips. Two minutes after we got our appetizer, the waiter brought out our main meal. I told him we just got our appetizer and now the meal is going to be cold, he said he could stick it in the broiler until we're ready because he tried to time the appetizer and meal but the kitchen was behind. We declined and ate.The appetizer was way tastier than the main meal, I got a burger and fries, boyfriend got the grilled cheese with bacon. We both agreed it was meh, and having to flag down the waiter so we could request refills on our drinks was kind of sucky.Had a couple of beer samples, the first one the glass wasn't even half full. The second third and fourth were filled to the top, but we weren't charged for the first one. We were there around 8pm and another sample we requested was already out, kind of surprising for a brewery on a Friday night.Three out of five for the atmosphere and our dogs loved the free dog treats, may have rated higher if we had gone another time.
5	The closest thing to Oregon I have found in Arizona. This bar has a very Eugene/Austin/Bend feel to it that is hard to come by in the desert.
2	Wow - this place was absolutely PACKED on Friday night. After the essentially mandatory valet {bleh}, we waited about 30 minutes for a front patio table, as we had our dog in tow and couldn't sit inside. The back patio was an hour+ , but I wouldn't have wanted to be there anyway. We came to eat and the back patio was really full and more of a bar scene. My husband ordered a beer and the server was really pushy to get me to order a drink. I finally snipped "I'm driving" and he stopped asking "are you sureeeee you don't want a drink? a mimosa? a beer?" every 4 minutes. My husband appreciated the beer selection and found a couple IPAs he liked. Prices were in line with normal beer prices in the area, about $5 a pint.We ordered the Arizona burger and a regular cheeseburger. I was extremely underwhelmed. The fries weren't good, the pickle tasted weird and the beef was not properly seasoned. You can order "pink" or "not pink" {aka well done or mooing}, which is stupid. I would much rather have a {cheaper} burger from The Stand just down the road. In an attempt to redeem our visit, I ordered a slice of the caramel apple pie {$7, brought in from Pie Snob}. It took way too long to come out and was again, underwhelming. So disappointing. I wanted to like this place, as we love beer pubs and supporting local businesses, but it just didn't do it for me. I am unlikely to return.
4	When they say it's "Dog friendly" they aren't kidding! We thought we'd be turned away since we didn't have Roxy with us! HAHA Great people/dog watching patios!
4	Ok, so I've been back a few times - couple for brunch and once for happy hour since my last review.  Overall, the foods mediocre and I noticed they serve the beer colder now.  I do appreciate the beer selection (the white chocolate one is my favorite, sweet but not too sweet like so many others!).  The shrimp tacos are passable, salmon flatbread brunch thing was ok.  Same with German sausage plate.  My favorite and the one dish I feel like beats other restaurants is the french toast.  This is the only thing I've found that would make me go - I would like to go to OHSO!
4	First time at this very popular place! We tried to get a seat on the back patio as the weather was beautiful - but it was a 45 min. wait! Our tummy's just couldn't wait that long so inside it was. But all was good. Our waiter was awesome. When we told him it was our first time at O.H.S.O., he gave us a 'tour' of the happy hour menu, explaining the beers, and just generally answered every question before we could ask.The happy hour starter of thai-spiced hummus was so good! (I almost embarrassed myself by liking the bowl to get every last bit!) The beet salad followed, and as I usually do, I asked for the dressing on the side. It came with EVERYTHING on the side. I don't know if that's how they always serve it, but the spinach/greens on the plate, surrounded with little bowls containing the red and yellow beets, tomatoes, pecans, goat cheese, dressing. I piled everything on, drizzled on the dressing, and dug in. Very, very good. Fresh greens, the tomatoes tasted like tomatoes, beets yummy and the dressing flavorful. The brisket sandwich was huge! Half was taken home for lunch the next day. Flavorful bbq sauce. The menu indicates this this a staff choice and my son concurred! The spicy green chile pulled pork sandwich and jalapeno slaw was tasty, too! None left to take home, it was that good!Good selection of beers and other libations. The flights are inexpensive and a great way to taste some of those beers you aren't too sure about!Our waiter told us that another O.H.S.O is coming to the Paradise Valley Mall area...but didn't know when. That'll be awesome! Another great find. Can't wait to go back!
5	I have been to OHSO a few times and it never disappoints.  The Sandwiches are great and you can add a BONUS burger and fried egg to any sandwich to make it something truly special. (You Really Can!)There is an ASS LOAD of great LOCAL CRAFT BEER ON TAP and they even have their own micro brewery making beers that serve the clientele in their own back yard.VERY COOL.Lastly, the DOG FRIENDLY PATIO is super sweet!  Try this place ASAP!
2	Be prepared to wait. Went on a weekday night. Wasnt too busy. We ordered and did not get our food until exactly one hour after placing it. We were then told our meal would be "taken care of" only to be told later by Stuart that this was not the case. As a dog lover, i wanted to like this place. the food was pretty good, but i cant recommend a place that requires an hour after placing an order, apologizes by promising to comp the meal and then changes course when the check comes. Too bad. Would have loved to have been regulars there. Nice patio; sub par service.
4	The craft beer is delicious, the bar leads to open patio which is nice concept. the food was great and reasonably priced. Our bar service was friendly and very attentive.
5	Haven't tried the food, but really liked the beer and sangria. Great place to take dogs. OHSO thinks of everything. They have dog showers, water bowls, homemade dog treats, carabiners at each table so you can hook the leash to it and relax. All in all, it was a great experience and I look forward to going back.
2	Over the weekend I had been told about this great new, slightly trendy brewery called OHSO,so when my friend was looking for somewhere to go for St. Patrick's Day that would not be as crazy as the traditional Irish pubs, I suggested we try here.  The friend that referred me to OHSO did let me know that he had encountered some difficulty with their texting system for seating people, so to be aware of some technical difficulties, but that the food, beer, service, etc. made up for it.As I was a few minutes away, my friend texted me that parking was difficult, but that there was valet and that helped.  I arrived about 10 minutes after her and sat in front of the valet station (where I was almost backed into by someone in a handicap spot right next to the valet who didn't notice a car 1 foot behind his/her bumper and required me to hold my horn down to prevent a t-boning incident in the parking lot).  I sat at the valet station for ~ 5 minutes waiting to be acknowledged while I watched the valets run back and forth to help other people.  At first I thought I was being punished for honking my horn (& keep in mind that since I couldn't move my car, neither could the person trapped in the handicap spot, even though I had scooted as far forward as possible to still be by valet and try to let the car out).  Finally a valet approached my car and told me that they had closed valet service (keeping in mind it was 7:30 p.m.) and that I could go to the back and try to find something myself.  I'm glad someone finally told me, but to close so early, what???So, I drove to the back to fight for parking, which was restricted, annoying, and now had made me late to dinner because of my wait time, etc.But, all of that aside, I decided to go in and enjoy my meal.  I wasn't sure if it would be crowded due to the holiday and there appeared to be an event (meet-up type?) outside with people in green & name tags, but my friend had already been seated and the restaurant itself did not look that crowded.I ordered a soda, a drink, and a meal.  For some reason, any type of beverage appeared to be something my server could not remember, as my soda was thrown down as an afterthought and I had to remind him about my drink, which came about mid-meal.  So much for ordering additional beverages throughout the night!I should have probably ordered a burger, but thought I would order the chicken salad sandwich to balance out my fries (it made logical calorie sense in my head, I swear).  The fries were passable, but the sandwich was probably something I could have done at home.My friends swear that I need to give this place another chance and despite our service, the valet drama, and the semi-o.k. food, I'm not sure if this will be on the top of  my list for a while until I decide to maybe return and try a burger??
3	My hubby and I came here because we had a gift certificate.  The beer selection seemed to include a lot of fruit centered beers.  They do offer brews other than what they make here.  The atmosphere of OHSO was very hip and industrial and it was quite cool to see the brewers in action right behind our table.  Gotta love the fresh scent of wort!  We started with the green chili bean dip which was very tasty, but it didn't come with nearly enough pita bread to finish all the dip.  The barbeque beef sandwich I ordered was so saucy that the sauce masked any flavor of the beef.  It was absolutely huge and the bun was huge as well so I ended up taking the top bun off altogether and eating it with a fork.  All in all, we decided the drive to this place was a little too long to really make us want to stop in again.  As my hubby would say, we wouldn't "crave" anything from OHSO.
4	Trendy mini brewery/restaurant.  Great selection of brews and wine for you to choose...$6 pitchers during happy hours.  They also have a wide selection of food menu, from main course to burgers to tacos and vegetarian options.  A great place to go with friends to enjoy a game.  They also have a pet friendly patio.  I would recommend making a reservation during typical busy hours and large groups.
5	Try the hot pastrami, super good!!!
5	Went here for a Sunday brunch and had a great time. The menu is limited but you get a mimosa or beer included with your meal. The wait was not long and I loved the atmosphere outside. Food was great! Be aware you must valet...it is complimentary but I felt lousy without a giving a tip so had to get a few bucks off my cousin since I didn't have any cash on me!
4	What's not to love about this place? You can do your own brewing, taste the best picks of the week, super cool backyard area that borders the canal (one day the canals in phx/scottsdale will be like San Antonio...don't get me started) perfect for a run or ride up to soak up some hand crafted suds and enjoy the hospitality. This place works very well right now. Right now as in the weather is perfect and not uncomfortably warm...that comes in June-October.
5	If you like really, really good beers and a great patio, there is none better..... (Make sure you hit the BACK patio, not the one out front.....).   We did Camelback Mtn in the morning and got here about 1:00...just in time for their $6.00 happy hour mini pitchers....   Both made for a great day....
4	This place has a really cool vibe. Sunday mornings are great for hang-over breakfast. And any weeknight (when it is not too busy) is great for patio dining. The patio is dog-friendly, which I appreciate. Oh, and the food... the food is delicious. I get the OHSO salad with steak. Very good. The tacos are also pretty bomb. They serve Omission gluten free beer - a huge plus for me! I would give it 5 stars if it didn't get so incredibly crowded Sunday mornings. But then again, pretty much every breakfast place in Arcadia is packed on Sunday mornings. Sigh, oh well.
3	Pretty ok. I had been wanting to try this place and was in the area today. Had the pastrami sandwich and it was very yummy. Interesting ambiance. Definitely feels like a bar inside. Patio dining much better. Very casual. Good beer selection. Our server Megan didn't seem to like us very much...  I like it when we have a friendly and fun server. Won't go out of my way to come back. Prefer San Tan and Four Peaks.
4	I visited O.H.S.O for the first time on Sunday, meeting some friends for brunch. We sat outside on the patio. They have lots of umbrellas available so there is plenty of shade.Their brunch menu is not huge but they have a list of items all for $10 and it includes a beer or a mimosa so not a bad deal. I ordered the breakfast pizza which was a flatbread with eggs, cheese, chorizo and arugula. The portion was large - I ended up bringing half of it home with me. The mimosa was a good size too - it was served in a wine glass, not just a skimpy champagne flute.The breakfast pizza had a really great flavor and was a nice lighter breakfast, even with the chorizo - I didn't feel weighed down afterwards. I tried a bite of my friend's French toast, too. It was good but really sweet. I was glad I had the pizza.The wait staff was friendly but not super attentive. My friend had to ask three times to get a refill on her water. But other than that, everything was great and I would definitely go back.
5	I would come back here everyday if I could.   Too bad I live across the country, can you open one in Boston?  This is a perfect spot for dog owners, which I am.  So much beer, so much great food, so many wonderful dogs!   I met some friends here while on a business trip and I had no idea what a gem this was from the front.  As soon as you walk in, there's this great outdoor patio, great inside area and as you continue to the back patio, it opens up to a whole new world!The beer was fantastic.  Craft brewed, and I ordered a small pitcher of amber on my own.  I got a burger and fries and it was juicy, tasty and went perfectly with the beer.  One of my friends ordered fish taco's and I had the pleasure of taking a bite.   Yep, I'll be getting those next time.Fantastic place and I will come back any chance I get!
4	The whole dog prints everywhere and dog treats at the front, made me pretty hesitant, I mean dogs and food together?? Weird.However, I didn't see a single dog there, mind you it was Friday night. We were able to get a table for four quickly with no problem. I really enjoyed the atmosphere it's very homey and cozy and not too fancy. The food and drinks came quickly and our server was awesome. My friend and I each ordered some ohso brews. Mine, the white elephant was super hoppy so I didn't like it and it never said that it would be in the description. My friend got the groovy and it was watery tasting, yuck! To eat, I had the brisket which was great! The crunchy onions and sauce just make it. My friend who also ordered the brisket, had her bun come out burnt. It's not that hard to toast a bun dudes... Our other friends had the chicken sandwich and they said it was awesome.I would come here again, despite the dogs but next time I'll stick to water!
4	We stopped here for Sunday brunch and had no idea how cool it was. It was incredibly busy so we had to wait awhile and when we did order our waitress had no idea what beer was out but it was still yummo! We had a great time and our daughter at the entire french toast, which was awesome! Wish it was closer to this side of town for us, but it was still super fun, will be back if we are on that side of town again!
4	Sunday all you can eat BBQ (3:00-7:00)...good stuff. It's worth saving up breakfast and lunch for. The flights of beer samples are a great deal too.
4	Ok I felt that I had to update my review of OHSO.  I've been here 2 more times since my first review.  I didn't care for the fact that a brewery only had a few beers to choose from. But what got me to come back here for two more times even though I don't live close to here was their awesome patio and the way they always change their beer menu. They print the beer menu every day and on my last visit I finally had my two dogs with us so they could also enjoy the patio. They also love the free dog treats. Also, they had a lot more house made beers in the menu this time and a good late nite muchie menu for us. We had the pepperoni flag bread. Good enough to share and cheap for only $5. Anyways, I believe that this place is a strong 4 star and I'm sure I'll be back soon!
5	This place is so chill. You can bring your pups with you too! You just walk around the main dining room to the "backyard" where they have dog bowls and treats for you to use. Oh yeah and they have good food and drinks for the humans too. ;)
3	I don't have a dog but I love the dog friendly restaurant. Dog foot prints are scattered from the front door to the back patio - where it seems like the party happens!  Bicycles surround the back patio with fully functional fan wheels for the Az heat!! Amazing! A doggie bench of doggie water bowls are available for the guests, as well as the bagged doggie treat!  A bar area in the center front of patio awaits patrons. Doggie pics surround booth seats. It was neat to see all the dogs getting along. Even a table of 4 each had a dog! Service: food literally took 30 to 45 minutes after ordering to get to the table. Pretty bad if you ask me especially if cooking a burger takes that long to prep and cook. Thumbs down. :/Beer Brunch (without the beer): Smoked sockeye salmon on a bed of arugula with pita bread and capanota and a mimosa- A simple plate to put together...anyone can do this. A light affair if you ask me ;) For a weakling like me, I prefer a virgin mimosa. Haha. ;) OHSO Rita - basil pesto, varied cheeses, garlic pomodoro sauce n micro greens- osho good version of the margherita Would love to see the upcoming Scottsdale location!
5	Ask for the hostess with the mostess Kristin !! . You will love this business - great vibe and good mix of locals!! Excellent beer selection love the  local brew micro brews!! Fog City #1Good vibrations #1A
5	Under very rare circumstances I visit Phoenix. However, if the weather isn't too unbearable, I thoroughly enjoy eating and drinking on the patio. I have been incredibly blessed continually having Athena as my server. Not only is she well versed in the food and drink items, she explains the dishes with such enthusiastic detail that my mouth is fervently awaiting the first bite. Luckily, the service is quite quick, even on a busy night.Dogs are allowed on the patio making the experience even more catered to my favorite things; cute animals, good food and drinks.
5	I've been to OHSO many times before and normally just go to drink on their awesome patio out back.  Today I went for lunch with a work friend.  We both ordered the same thing actually.  The green chile pulled pork sandwich with fries.  The spice of the green chile was perfect.  Not overwhelming as some green chile can be.  The slaw made a perfect combo on the sandwich and the bun was so soft and tasted like it was made this morning.   Their fries are perfectly crispy with great seasoning.  No ketchup needed with these fries.  I sat at the bar and was taken care of quite nicely by one of the two bartenders they had on staff.  Love this place and will be back for sure!
4	I really liked O.H.S.O.  My friend and I came in on a Monday for lunch, and had our pick of the patio.  Pitchers of beer were half off, and they have a great selection of local and non-local brews.  Our server was incredibly attentive.We split the green chile dip to start, and it was awesome.  We literally devoured it to the last drop.  The housemade veggie burger was good as well, and didn't fall apart which is a complaint I have about most veggie burgers.  All, in all a great place.  Nice patio and good beer and food? A new Phoenix favorite.
4	This is a local spot for me.  The food is good, excellent selection of beers, great mimosa's/bloody mary's (The brunch on saturdays/sundays is great - $10 meal with a mimoso or 10oz beer), the parking is brutal - I'm lucky as I can walk:) and unfortunately the customer service is "usually" pretty mediocre (but the atmosphere is enough for me) - often slow service with no apology, things forgotten and just not always overly friendly - each experience a little different but no big red flags.   Definetly a great casual place to have a beer, bring the dog (very dog friendly on the patio), great place to hit while on your beach cruiser as you can exit right off the canal - sit on the patio and enjoy the amazing view of camelback mountain.
5	After being an avid fan of Four Peaks for so long, I was at first skeptical about O.H.S.O. However, it has won my heart! It is now one of my all time favorite places to go to take a buddy and hang out for a while. The atmosphere is casual and inviting. I love the Arizona Burger! I can eat cream cheese and poblano aoili from the burger with just a spoon! The brunch specials are amazing as well. Where else can you grab a beer and a tasty filling meal for 10 bucks? It also helps I can get my favorite beers here- Almost all Four Peaks taps, Papago Brewing Orange Blossom, and Sonoran Brewing White Chocolate Ale!So kudos to you, O.H.S.O! Keep up the great work! I also look forward to your new restaurant.
5	We were in the vicinity and hungry for lunch on Sat. with our dog, I found this place online as 'dog friendly', so we went for it.  I'm so glad we did.  I love this place.... the back patio is fun with all the dogs and I love their metal fence next to the canal (I want to ride my bike there someday).  We found it friendly (of course dog people are always  friendly) and the food was great.  This is now my go to place for fish tacos... loved em!  Oh, and yes, Mr. Wilson loved it too.p.s.   the peach beer was great!
2	Been coming here for awhile and feel like the costumer service is on the decline. Pulled up asking where to park that didn't require valet, was told "not here" so had to park across the street and cross Indian school with no crosswalk. Once we were in the patio we were told a 40 minute wait for a table for two. So we took a seat at the bar and immediately afterwards 3 tables opened up in which no one was seated at until after our food arrived (30 minutes later). Food was good but the management needs to work on how the business is being run. Doubt I will be back for a long time.
3	Came to OHSO for lunch with the family.  Beautiful patio but there were flies everywhere!  I've since gone back at night for a drink and there weren't any flies so maybe it's not an issue anymore.  Anyway we were sat at a table and left with menus...dirty menus.  Major pet peeve of mine!  Service left a lot to be desired for but the food was pretty good.  I got the Salmon BLT and it was definitely the best dish at the table.  Beer selection was great too.Overall, I'd go back again for the patio and beers!
5	I've driven by this place a bunch of times and was always curious about it. I finally got a chance to try brunch here this past weekend and loved it!I've always been a big fan of Four Peaks & this place has a similar vibe, but in a better neighborhood (I just moved back to Phoenix about a year ago and love what's happening in the Arcadia neighborhood). I didn't get a good luck at the inside of the place, because we waited on the front patio for a table on the back patio to become available (because you know, this is one of those places you HAVE to sit on the patio during brunch even if every table on the inside is open), but it seemed nice.We had to wait awhile for a table, but hey, it's Sunday brunch so what to you expect. Waiting for the back patio was worth it though. There's a really cool beer garden vibe going on with a cool/eclectic group of people.I REALLY liked the brunch menu. They have a menu w/several options that come w/either a beer or mimosa for $10. I got the biscuits & gravy (w/a mimosa) and they were both delicious! Our server was a very friendly and attentive for how busy it was. I loved everything about this place, and will definitely be back!
2	Went here on a Saturday night with a couple of friends. It was very busy that night and we had to wait about 30 minutes for our seats. We were able to get drinks from the bar to pass our time though. Our waiter was quick to help us take our order. We ordered more drinks and an appetizer while we waited for our entrees. An hour goes by and no entrees. Our waiter glances at us every 15 minutes but does not say anything to us. We finally ask about our entrees and he claims the kitchen staff accidentally placed our order in the completed pile. He did comp our drinks and appetizer though. Not entirely sure if it's worth it to come back here.
4	I'm gonna start by saying why I didn't give this place 5 stars. Horrible parking and the back patio always has flies. That being said, this place is the best. They have a really good beer selection outside of their own. The food is delicious. Definitely gotta come in for their $10 brunch which gets you breakfast and a beer or mimosa for $10. The patio is awesome. Aside from the flies, it's THE place to sit. Great view of camelback mountain. They also allow you to bring your dog to the patio too.
3	OHSO was a little better than so so. The wait was about 20 minutes longer than estimated, however wasnt too bad since we could grab some beers from the bar. The only problem was it took a good 10 minutes to get a beer. The selection of beer was great and the food average. My girlfriend ordered the burger gluten free which only meant no bun. Technically the title is correct, but a little misleading. The best thing about this bar is the pet friendly nature. Overall pretty good and looking forward to their new location closer to home for drinks.
4	Best Beer Brunch! Love the tasters. The staff is so friendly and knowledgable. You can brew your own beer too! Love my cousin for sharing this hidden gem.
4	This place has improved tremendously since  my initial terrible review (though I do still like to call it NO SOH). Great beer selection and really stellar fish and chips. Only downside is I have yet to try their back patio because it's too popular- an hour and a half wait?! Ha. Ha.
5	I took my parents here for an early brunch on the day before mother's day (same experience minus a larger crowd) and this place was great. You can see them actually making the beer and when we were there you could smell the mash from their latest beer. Here is a place that has good food and excellent beer, much of which they make as there is a selection of several OHSO specific brews. Though parking is limited they have a free valet service that one just tips a few bucks on the way out, and then one can walk right in, a definite plus in the hotter months (well, half the year in Phoenix) here in the valley of the sun. Once you are in, though it is busy there is lots of seating and the wait staff is personable. The wait person was nice enough to point out that the homebrewer who had done the beer I was having (a strong connection between OHSO and the local homebrew community) was sitting the next table over so I was able to have a quick chat about the makeup of the beer.My parents and I both had the sausage brunch special and the sausage is from the German commissary next door. When you walk out, instead of going to the valet, walk next door and take a look at the sausage and cured meat selection, but remember to bring cash there as no credit is selected. OHSO must be doing well because they seemed to have opened another location in North Scottsdale. All I know is that when I went here they seemed to be firing on all cylinders and its nice to be able to start up a quick conversation with a brewer in the open brewing area. I look forward to going here again!
5	My wife and I ate here last night, and it was terrific. Ordered the Arizona burger, pink, it was delicious. And the sweet potato fries were perfect.  My wife ordered the Brisket sandwich, and let me tell you, it convinced me to come back for the all you can eat BBQ they have on Sundays. The beer selection is top notch with around 12 from local sources. Inside is huge, and they have nice outside seating as well. You can tell by how crowded it was that its a favorite with a lot of people.
2	One of the few good places that allow dogs. The negative- the parking Is horrendous and the outdoor patio where dogs are allowed is completely full of pretentious a-holes who could sit anywhere in restaurant but chose to sit at the 6 tables dogs are allowed at and sip on their waters for 2 hours while half of the table are reserved for other larger parties.The positive- the food, the staff, and the beer selection are truly fantastic, but these terrible patrons sit there staring at you with your dog and and your 2 year old child as they continue to waist oxygen on this earth.And before you think I'm some 45 year old bitter woman, you should know that I'm 24 single dad how loves to try new places, but after trying this place 3 desperate times I'll never be going back again.
4	We really like this place and are really happy about the new location too! Decent size craft beer menu and the atmosphere is always fun! The good is very good and we think the prices are fair. I always get a burger variation which is almost always cooked the way I order and the other things we have ordered have been good as well. Dog friendly patio too so that's awesome!
4	This place has the best patio in Phoenix. The view is spectacular and the beer selection is awesome. They are constantly updating the selection so it is always different. I love being able to take my dogs with me, or stop after a bike ride on the canal. The servers are great really they can get the large crowds served in good time, some other places you could die of thirst when they get busy.I think their menu is the weak part, a few dishes are excellent like the pastrami and short ribs. They are lacking on good salads their choices are not as imaginative as their beer menu. If they upgrade the menu a little this becomes an even better place.
4	Ohhh Soo Good! I had the Flanders Red and the Dragoon.  Flanders was pretty expensive and I liked the Dragoon better. Both good beers but $8 for the Flanders?? hmm... I ordered the Green Chile Pork tacos which were pretty good, I liked the roasted tomato salsa.  I was hoping for more of a bite on the chile, but this is Phoenix so I let it slide. Everyone else ordered burgers and were happily content.  We sat outside and next time I'm going to bring the pup.  A very cool spot in Arcadia and I would of given 5 stars but, our waitress was a bit of a B. We still were able to wrangle up a good time and enjoy the Phoenix night.
3	Industrial style, yet upscale brewery. With trendy food. That let's your doggy come. No light beers for lightweights. We tried the Rita pizza and a taco plate. Both were fine but I couldn't get by the prices. I realize I am in a trendy Arcadia place where my doggy gets free biscuits. The Scottsdale Blonde brew was great, we finished off a pitcher. I didn't care for the pizza, it was a spray of pesto and some cheeses over a so-so flat bread. the bartended seemed disinterested in us. Worst part is the dang valet. This place is the Arcadia version of Postino/Vig. You get the good and the bad with some menu gems. Bring your wallet and a full bank account.
4	We sat on the patio on a Friday night around 845pm. The wait time when we arrived was around 45 minutes but we got a table in about 30-40 minutes. The patio was packed with two-legged and four-legged friends alike. Probably one dog for every two people. There were one or two troublemaker pooches that strolled through, but for the most part, all of the furry friends were on their best behavior, chilling under the tables waiting for scraps to fall their way. If you like the company of dogs, you will enjoy the patio here. (I can't comment on the interior as we were outside the whole time)I don't live in Phoenix and my friend who does says it was rare, but there was a ton of wind on this particular evening and the back patio is next to a dusty trail, so there was quite a bit of dirt flying around during our stay. It wasn't too bad but it was annoying at times. I'll chalk it up to a rare occasion. I ordered the seared Ahi salad. Four large pieces of tuna all tasted very fresh. A lot of times when I get an ahi salad I am disappointed in the amount of fish but I was pretty pleased with these slices. Just the right ratio of greens to fish. The dressing was sweet but not heavy. The red peppers and dried cherries were a nice complement as well. But beware, it does have a kick. I like my spice more medium than anything, and though I wasn't expecting much spiciness in this salad, it did have more than I anticipated. It wasn't unbearable, but just know that it is pretty spicy. A beer and a glass of water will wash it down just fine. Speaking of beer, they have a solid selection of beers you won't find everywhere. I got a hef for #1 but can't remember my second. I did taste the orange blossom beer and glad I didn't order a full pint. It was basically an orange creamsicle with a touch of alcohol. My friend got a pineapple beer but couldn't finish it due to its sweetness. The beer selection isn't massive, but there's something for everyone with different tastes. My friends got pork tacos and the BBQ burger and both recommended those as well. You will have to valet here as parking is pretty scarce, but pretty sure it was free with a receipt. We got out quickly since it had died down considerably by 11pm.
5	I have only been here for breakfast but it's a great spot! $10 for a breakfast meal + a beer or a nice size mimosa. The food was excellent and the staff were super friendly. Great atmosphere where you can bring your dog if you're sitting outside, watch sports and enjoy the crowd.
5	You can bring your dog and they have free dog treats. I loved the outside patio with the view of the mountain. The beer options were great and the sandwiches were tasty. Large sandwiches. I wish we had more time to stay and enjoy the beer and views. The patio decorations were bike themed. LOVE LOVE LOVEOh yeah, and free valet parking too.
5	The burger+cheese is so very delish!!! Prob my new fav burger spot!  Also the shrimp tacos are something to talk about!! Love the Peach Ale. OHHHHHSOOOOOGOOOD!!!This is my new fav place and had a great birthday in the reserved inside outside patio area Thanks O.H.S.O!!!
4	I stopped in here while on vacation for a pint with an old co-worker.  It was a fantastic bar and their beer selection was really good.  I can see this being a great neighborhood place to hangout.  I didn't try their food, but what people had around us looked really good.  I would definitely stop in the next time I'm in AZ!
2	This review is for the new one in North Scottsdale. The music was so so loud,  It was not enjoyable. I actually like to have a conversation with my date, if I didnt want to talk I would go to a nightclub. Food was good, but the kitchen does not know how to course their meals. We ordered a salad as an appetizer and our main course came out 1minute later, I hate that. The tacos were great, but I asked for more salsa, and they charged me for that- really? How much can your salsa really cost you?    Disappointed.
5	I absolutely love this place, the food is amazing and the beer is excellent. The owner and managers are always willing to stop and chat and want your feedback. My boyfriend and I recommend OHSO to everyone we meet and are normally there a few times a weeks. We love bringing our friends and our dogs to OHSO every chance we get. The best part is it's only 3.5 miles from our house.
3	Food great. Service great. Forced Valet sucks. Don't move everything in my car! I could park myself. Why is my drivers seat laid back to the  back seat. Lame! Other than that though the brunch is great and love the dog friendly patio.
5	Love this place! Has an urban feel inside. I had the garlic shrimp tacos and they were AMAZING!! Tried the sweet potato fries (basically my favorite food) and they were very good. No comment on the beer (since I don't drink it) but they had a good sized selection.
5	On Sundays they have the most amazing backyard bbq. All you can eat for 15 dollars! Amazing chicken, ribs, and brisket as well as potato salad, coleslaw, and corn bread! Seriously so delicious, it is a must try if you are in the area! I have been on multiple occasions and no matter how busy the service is always great and the food is fantastic. The back patio is the best because of the dogs but the whole restaurant is wonderful. There is a huge selection of beer and you can brew your own with them!
5	I love this place. Not only is it a great place to get a quality craft beer, but you can bring your pooch along to socialize as well. My friend & I came here to catch up since I had been out of the area for a couple of months. We each brought our dogs with us. They had as much fun getting to know the dog at the table next to us as we did catching up. I had the veggie burger and my friend had the Ahi salad. They were both very tasty.
5	A great place to bring your dog(s) and have a beer! They also make their own little dog treats and provide water. Food is pretty good too. Love coming here with my dog and will be coming back.
5	Hands down best mimosas I've had. They have a good deal, $10 for breakfast and a drink. The beer selection is fantastic, local businesses woo hoo! The patio areas are nice and I like how they text you when your table is ready instead of worrying you didn't or won't hear your name be called.
4	Petty much the most awesome lunch in a while.over 30 beers on tap and green Chile sandwich is bomb
2	The service was not very good and the food mediocre. Phoenix has many other options that are far superior, especially downtown.  The mixed drinks were nothing worth mentioning (it is a brewery so my own fault there).
4	It's all about the beer selection here, period. The food is mediocre bar food. But the atmosphere is lively, the service is decent, and the beer is outstanding. Get there early on a night or weekend or be prepared to wait.
5	Awesome place for happy hour! Great food, great drinks, great service, great prices, and all around fantastic atmosphere! Love the cheese dip and soft pretzels! The spicy hummus is awesome too. If you're in the Arcadia area, make sure to stop in for a quick bite, you won't regret it!
5	My wife and my three boys took me to O.H.S.O. for a pre-Father's Day dinner, to avoid the crowds on Father's Day.  This place is never disappointing, always with good food, and good beer.  I've been here on many occasions prior to Father's Day weekend so I can attest to the consistency of O.H.S.O. as far as food, beer and service.Located right off of a major canal in Phoenix, O.H.S.O. is easily accessible by bicycle...and many cyclists do frequent.  Another unique feature is the dog friendly patio, out back.  On any given afternoon, you will find the patio occupied by K9's and their companions....there are even complimentary homemade treats for the quadrupeds made from spent grains from the brewing process.Oh, and if you have the inclination to brew your own O.H.S.O. offers a program where just about anybody can come in and brew, using their equipment and facilities for storage while your beer conditions for a couple weeks.If you like beer...real beer.....good craft beer brewed locally, O.H.S.O. is your place!
3	Just went for beers today. Walked around the joint for 10 minutes before I was greeted. I think this place has a great concept, and they have great beers, but they need to up the customer service level.
2	Decided to give this place a second shot for brunch. I had a burger and a Bloody Mary, and my partner had the carnitas. My burger was mediocre, and his carnitas were not good. He ordered a side of scrambled eggs, which came out over-cooked. The bloody Marys were decent, and the wait staff was attentive. Don't think I'll be back tho.
3	Eh. I really wanted to like it more. Our bartender wasn't very attentive and it was not busy. 2 of the beers on the menu we ordered they were out of, which is mildly annoying. Green Chile Dip was good. The O.H.S.O. Hoppy is delicious. I'll give it another try if I'm in the neighborhood. Maybe the patio next time.
4	Where else can you arrive by any known mode of two wheeled transportation, walk straight up to the bartender on the very cool deck and ask to borrow a bike lock? That's right they have bike locks plenty of bike racks and tools that you can use if you are in need of a quick repair or tune up. It is also incredibly four legged canine friendly. I always meet a cute or fun dog and owner when I go there. Best bike friendly place in Phoenix!! The food is good. Bar service on the deck is just OK if you sit at the bar because the bartenders are getting killed with the service bar which they run as well. The place more than makes up for that in atmosphere with the bikes and dogs. Great beers and amazing beef jerky are nice treats here. They also have free dog treats!!
2	I hate to write bad reviews. Ohso has soooo many pros: great patio, typically top notch service for a beer bar, dog-friendly, excellent beer selection, great Arcadia location. But I've been to Ohso dozens of times and their food is simply not good. I cannot go to Ohso hungry anymore... Sure I could drink more beer but It shouldn't be that hard to have something appetizing aside from the Ohso Green Chile dip!  Especially as a beer guy, I hate to write this but don't go to Ohso if you want to eat even decent food. Nothing on the menu is worth eating.
2	I like this place as a bar, but I haven't been impressed with any of the food I've tried here....Will probably skip this place if I'm hungry
5	Such a cool place! If you love beer, this is the place for you! Tons of beers on the menu, they brew a handful themselves, they host local independent brewers as "guest brews" and then lots of other beers including several AZ craft brews !! Can sample any and as many Of the beers as you choose! Food is good too! I had the Burger and Cheese-ordered pink- loved it! My friend ordered the brisket sandwich-amazing! It's super Dog friendly- which pushes this place to the top of my favorites list! They even have free homemade dog biscuits for your furry friend to enjoy there or at home- my dog had lots of allergies, can't have treats usually- however she had no problems with these treats! She was very very happy and so be was I !
2	Went to their new location on Hayden Rd and FLW on Saturday and we were very disappointed. First the menu is a condensed version of the Phx location.  Second we were surprised they only carry 2 of their own beers. They  do have lots of other micro-brews like several Four Peaks beers but if I wanted Four Peaks beer I could just walk over there since they are in the same parking lot especially since the food and service is nothing to brag about. We only had dessert but it was store made brownies, and I could swear the dollop of whipped cream was Cool Whip. Yuck! There really is no reason to return.
5	Unexpectedly good food.  Excellent background music - makes me very happy.  Much bigger inside than you would think.  The entire place including the back patio is spacious, clean, creative, and has a great layout.  Staff is friendly, but my first time here the server sort of just bailed and we had to track someone down to pay for the food.  That person did give us some free stuff off the bill, but still . . . was a little annoying.  But OHSO still gets 5 stars despite.
4	Love this place!  I went in for brunch and had a tasty Churrasco Steak and Eggs.  This was a great menu item cooked to perfection.  I also enjoyed a flight of different beers that they brewed in house.  The O.H.S.O. Grovey was my favorite.  I usually don't like orange in a beer however this brew tasted amazing!  The Happy IPA was also really gwwooooood!
4	Amazing brunch deal for $10 which includes a hefty meal and your choice of a 10oz AZ brew or a Monster Mimosa! They have a fairly extensive craft beer menu and everything food related has yet to disappoint. I love how you can bring your dog, too! OHSO makes it easy with water bowls, homemade treats and enough shade/ fans outside that even an Arizona Day can't keep me and my pooch away :)
3	Love the dog friendly back patio.  The temperature wasn't bad because of all the misters out there even though you get a little damp because they're cranking out the water but in 100+ degree weather it's the only solution.  Food was good as was the service but nothing out of the ordinary.  The biggest drawback was during the Soccer game tv broadcast the volume was WAY too loud.  We were seated next to the speaker so I can see why the volume was overbearing at our table.  Had to yell at each other over the volume.  We'll be returning soon enough hopefully not during a major sports event.
5	I bring all my dates here! LOL. You cant go wrong with amazing beers to woo the boys, and for us ladies, they have the best mimosas, sangrias, and cocktails! I love the Arcadia and the 48th St Fizz. Flatbread pizzas are amazing and you cant go wrong with the classic Burger & Cheese! The staff is amazing, very knowledgaeblw of all the beers and give great suggestions. But what I love the most is the back patio! Might be too hot in the summer, but for 9 months out of the year, it is the place to be! Bring your dog, your bike, and your date- for a night of great suds and grubs!
5	We returned to N. Scottsdale location for another try. We ordered the flatbreads and the calamari appetizer. They were all very good, the flatbread was especially good. Music was turned down this time and the staff was very friendly. We moved recently so we will have to give the Arcadia location a go as well. I like the parking situation better at the N. Scottsdale location.
3	Went here on a recent Sunday to celebrate a friends birthday brunch. We had two large tables outside for our group which was nice. I do love the dog friendly patio even though we left our two at home (oh well, next time they will join us). It wasn't to bad sitting outside since they had the misters on but you do fell pretty "damp" all over which is better than being hot. I really liked their brunch menu! You could select a beer or mimosa and an entree for $10. I had a mimosa and green chilie pork breakfast burrito. The mimosa was good and so was the food. The only think I didn't care for was that the only green chilie pork was just a tad that topped the top of the breakfast burrito. Oh well...it was still pretty tasty.One draw back was how LOUD it got when the World Cup Finals were playing. The volume on the TV was a bit much where I just stopped talking to people in my group because I was yelling so they could hear me and that was frustrating. I will be back with the dogs but not during sporting events that is for sure.Service was great this day as in the past it hasn't been the best.
5	This joint had been on my bookmarked list of "gotta try" for quite a few months.  I'm not often in the area, but my buddy's wife planned his surprise b-day party here - so I happily agreed to kill two birds with one stone.  Ambiance is nice, beer was delicious and cold, and the food was great.  The service was solid, and upon finding out that I dabble in home-brewing, he mentioned the ability to come to O.H.S.O. and brew your own with the assistance of the brewmasters.  I was pretty impressed, not many breweries take the time to do something like that - so we downloaded the handy dandy app and were able to see the upcoming dates that were available.  They are currently booked through the end of November, but the concept is so cool that I will check periodically to book a brewing session.  I just love it when you can tell a place has passion for what they do, and this place was no exception.
4	Orange blossom and their house made Grovey (I think is what it was called) beer is what gave this place 4 stars in my book. Minus 1 star for not having a full menu on the weekends, they only offered brunch until 2pm. I'll be back just for the beer though! :)
5	We have been to the N. Scottsdale location 3 times in 4 days!  Awesome food, service, beer and very dog friendly!  Wonderful place!
1	Flys flys  flys did I say I don't like flys how can a bartender work with flys all over the counter.  Brisket is like pulled pork slice don't pull  bbq out of a jar first and last time here yuck
4	This place is great. Decent food, great beer, great service. They let you bring your dog, which I love. The down side is their limited parking. But, they have valet parking,  so they are trying to help mitigate that issue.
5	I've eaten here probably 30 times, always for lunch. They continue to have consistently great food. I took my wife there on Saturday and was super impressed by the beer! My wife tried the sampler and LOVED the Blonde Ale, I tried the beer of the day, an IPA and it was great. She is calling OHSO her new favorite place! Great job!
4	I picked a beer at random that ended up being delicious.I really enjoyed my dinner as well. The charcuterie (they called it something else) was fantastically delicious, highly recommend it for an appetizer.The braised pork was ultra yummy.The chocolate cake was probably the best I have eaten all year. I would go back just for that.Can't give it 5 stars though. I really felt ignored by the waiter. No excuse for crappy service.
3	My experience while at O.H.S.O. was mediocre from the time I walked in the door until the time I left.  A bit pricey for the service and food, I don't know if I would go back.  Here's my story if anyone wants to hear it....The nicest people in (outside) the joint were the valet boys.  Funny and charismatic, those poor boys standing in 110 degree heat were the liveliest employees we saw.  We stepped through the doors to the front desk, which I assumed was the hostess, and we stood.  The hostess and I awkwardly looked at each other for a few seconds.  Seriously at least 10 seconds went by.  Long enough for me to think "maybe I went to the wrong place, maybe she has forgotten that SHE works here, so I asked, "are you the hostess?"  She uncomfortably said yes, as if she was confused why I asked, and asked how many were in my party.  While being seated I asked my fellow diner, "was I being sensitive or was that the most awkward hostess experience ever?"  It was agreed that she must have had a mini-stroke just as we walked in.We were seated and asked about what OHSO beers were on tap.  Apparently there weren't any.  A nano-brewery has no beers.  Maybe the hostess drank it all, and that is what was wrong with her?  Apparently they had a beer tasting a few days before and had been out of beer ever since.  So we tried a few others, cant remember the names, but both were dark beers and delicious.  Oh well, I have had OHSO beers before at a tasting and didn't love them. The waitress was friendly enough, but had just started her shift and was a little slow, but the other waitresses seemed to pick up her slack and we never wanted for anything but our food.  We ordered our food.  Ceviche, cheese pizza, and pastrami sandwich with sweet potato fries.  Nearly 45 minutes later we got it.  The ceviche was a small bowl of  deliciously fresh ceviche topped with a lot of avocado.  I have never had ceviche that hasn't been made in a Mexican restaurant or home, so I am partial to a big bowl of real Mexican ceviche and for $12 I felt there could have been more.  Especially since the chips they served with it were VERY stale and after sending them back we were brought tortilla chips so greasy that the grease made them soggy by the end of the meal.  The cheese pizza was for my 10 year old and she loved it- 1st time she has ever finished an adult meal at a restaurant.  The pastrami was good too, but also so greasy that it made the bun wet.  The sweet potato fries were the best part of the meal, which meant that I had to share them with the rest of the table.  I may have yelled at everyone to stop eating my food.In all, our bill came out to nearly $60 plus tip for 3 of us, which included 2 beers.Side note: We went to the bathroom after our meal, (I know TMI,) and there was a bunch of flies in there. Wouldn't be as big of a deal IF there were windows, but there weren't.  It smelled and looked like an outdoor bathroom full of filth and dirtiness.  And seriously, how did a dozen flies end up inside an indoor bathroom with no windows? This is a dog friendly place that apparently has a back entrance and a patio for dog lovers.  Not my cup of tea, even though I have 4 dogs, so I like that they have a separate entrance.
4	O.H.S.O. is a fantastic place to get together with some friends for yummy food and beer. Not only do they have one of my favorite beers on tap (Papago Orange Blossom), but they have a wide selection that can please any palette. If you're a microbrew junkie, then this is the place for you. Their own house brews are delicious. Not to mention they house local AZ Four Peaks brews which is cool. As far as their food goes, their flatbread pizzas are awesome, especially the grilled chicken flatbread pizza. For me, the flatbreads are easy to split and then you can order more goodies on the menu! I LOVE sandwiches and their Hot Pastrami does NOT disappoint. It was hot, incredibly flavorful, and filling. What more could you want in a sandwich? On their happy hour I've had the pretzel + cheese and it was awesome. I have plenty to try on their menu, they have so many things that seem tasty. I've heard great things about their brunch and I love their back patio during the fall and spring when the weather cools back down. You can bring your pups back there!
5	I absolutely love this place. The food is great. The beer is great. The atmosphere is really cool too. Two thumbs way up!And they have a pet-friendly patio.
5	Really enjoy this place for so many reasons:-beer selection!-the ability to brew and tap your own on site-the burgers!!!-the huge amount of space -location-patio-dog & bike friendlyMy husband and I try to ride our bikes along the canal to get to this burgers and beer party place.Over time service gets better and better, when if first opened, it was kinda hit or miss.This is always my go to for visiting friends and last minute dinner excursions.Lots of love for OHSo
4	We checked this place out for the $10 beer brunch.  Overall, it was a great experience.  We arrived around 12:30 on a Saturday.  I was worried about a wait but we were seated right away.  Beyond the beer themed decor you would expect of a brewery, they also used old bike  parts, which was fun.  I had the OHSO Breakfast Wrap.  It was not particularly creative with pretty much eggs and bacon in a tortilla but it was tasty and filling.   It could have used more cheese and guacamole.  Could barely taste or see it.  They also forgot my seasonal fresh fruit, which I didn't realize until I saw someone else with a nice bowl of strawberries.  I was almost finished and was full so decided not to mention it.  The hubster got the green Chile pork carnitas.  He got a big plate of food with a nice serving of pork that wasn't too spicy, crispy fried potatoes, beans, scrambled eggs, and tortillas.  I think he won in meal selection.  I got the Grovey, which was a unfiltered wheat with a subtle orange flavor and R got the saison, called Bier du Jour I think.  We also ended our meal with a sampler of their Belgian styles, which was a great deal of 5 decent pours for $5.   The beers were perhaps not epic but tasty.  Good starting place with room to grow.  The service was friendly and attentive.  As others mentioned, plan to valet so bring some tip cash for this free service.   Overall, we would return.  Solid experience.  Laid back and affordable... Not words I would typically associate with what I hear about the Scottsdale dining scene.
4	Great server. The burgers were phenomenal.  Spinach crab dip was good, but not a lot of crab. Good beer selection.  Would reccomend.
4	OHSO is a happening place for happy hour. We enjoyed the $6. - 32oz pitcher's of beers. $3. Pretzel with beer cheese. Wish that the portion was bigger. It was sooo soft warm & yummy...We loved the big juicy burgers too. I had the burger with thick bacon, gouda cheese, onion straws, & there dressing. Also the Arizona burger jalapeno cream cheese, green chiles, & onion straws. Very tasty but has a bite.Service was prompt & very friendly:) Would've like to see a broader selection on the happy hour...
3	I wanted to love this place because it is an interesting concept but was very under-whelmed by the entire experience. What I liked:-  The back patio; it is very nice and comfy and suitable for the heat right now. They have lots of fans and mist. We were there on a Monday around 11 so it was not crowded. -  The beer selection; lots of variety, both from their own beers and other Arizona/out of state craft beers. The beers were pretty decent and we enjoyed them.  What I didn't care for:- The food; it was mediocre at best and I cannot believe people find the food here awesome. We had the steak tacos and it doesn't take a genius to realize their tortillas are store bought, the red sauce was bitter and flavourless (gross actually) the slaw was a soggy mess of mayo and no flavor, and the steak was something a high school kid could have made and re-heated. They had advertised you could get Happy Hour Small Food Items all day on Monday, but didn't honor that; those food items would have been suitable to pair with our beers. Everything on the mayo had bacon or cheese in it; due to the variety of the beers, they could have done a better job in pairing the food to the styles of beer. -  Sample: We had purchased 4 tasters to choose a beer. My husband had already ordered his beer and I was still struggling. The waiter also didn't know much about the beers or what "dry-hopped" meant and upon the recommendation of the waiter, I asked for 2 "samples" and was charged for tasters. I also do not think the tasters are actually 3 ounces, but I could be wrong. Other places were quite generous and knowledgeable about the beer to help me choose something I would like and to be more adventurous. Overall, if you want to go somewhere for a nice patio, know which beer you want, and aren't hungry, this is the place to be. I do find it over-hyped and think you might enjoy SanTan (nice patio with mist and fans, good beers and generous samples), Arizona Wilderness (decent patio with a fan, really nice people, good beers, again generous samples and knowledgeable staff), and Huss Brewing (indoors but a very nice and quaint tasting room with really friendly staff and good beers). We may visit OHSO again for the back patio, but no food and we will insist on a few free samples.
2	Went here again for the Sunday $15 All-You-Can-Eat BBQ Special from 3pm-7pm. Let me tell you it was NOT that special... Ribs were over cooked and dry, like chewing on beef jerky. The brisket is pulled & had a vinegar awful sauce. It's placed on a slice of white bread. The chicken leg & thigh had that same awful sauce. The cornbread though was excellent. Potato salad & coleslaw were alright. Our waiter was friendly & the service was good.
5	This place is cool. I read some reviews and thought I would give it a shot. Great drinks, great patio, and friendly staff. Guess what, the bar was sticky but I asked them to wipe it off and they did!  My burger was overcooked...and they brought me a new one!  I am tired of reading from other yelpers complaining but not doing anything about it.  5 stars all day long.
3	The interior is reminiscent of the queue inside the Indiana Jones attraction at Disneyland. The food is edible. Gordon Ramsay would only be mildly disappointed. Three stars.
5	The beer selection is AMAZING, the food is great, and the free doggy treat is an awesome touch. I really appreciate that they have so many different Arizona brews to choose from, and they change them up frequently. The only downer is the lack of parking, but that only encourages you to ride your bike there :)
4	Best bar on tap in the area! There are so many different beers, brewed here and elsewhere that are delicious. Combine that with a bomb happy hour, and this is a great place. It might be my favorite happy hour around around!Just think about it, come here after work any weekday and enjoy some beers with pretzels and cheese. That will make any headache from the workweek go away! I still haven't tried this place for dinner but I need to. As for the other food, it is good but nothing special. Try an Orange blossom, you won't regret it.Also, yes yes, dogs are welcome here and they're pet friendly. The outside patio in the back is the place to set, if the weather permits!
5	One of the best places to go for good food and drinks at a reasonable price. Never disappointed in the service or selection offered on the menu. Definitely give it a try. Although, their known for their brewery the red or white sangrias...delicious.
4	Everything is great here... Grab a Microbrew or Bloody Mary... You cant thank me later!
5	Beer for breakfast? Yes please!I love O.H.S.O. for many reasons- their phenomenal beer selection, the tasty menu, the patio, the free dog biscuits I snag for the pooch- but their beer brunch is the reason I get up most Sunday mornings. For the bargain price of $10, you can enjoy one of several breakfast entrees and an Arizona beer. I'm a huge fan of the green chili pork and the biscuits and beer gravy. They have a great happy hour too with several $3 appetizers and $5 pitchers of Arizona beers.The only thing I don't love about O.H.S.O. is the parking. It's practically non-existent, but they do have valet.
3	Friends wanted to go to dinner here.... it is off our places to stop by for breakfast list (see previous review) but we gave it a try.Sat out on the patio.  Was nice once we found a spot that isn't in wind tunnel conditions.  Got two pitchers of Orange blossom beer.... both were room temperature..in the summer in Arizona?. hmmm.  The waitress wasn't all that distressed about it ... only offered to bring us a couple of chilled glasses as a remedy... really? We ended up putting ice in our glasses of beer. The pitcher of a different beer was ice cold.We split a burger and fries.  It was hot and delicious.  Kudos.Driving by this place is always crowded.... so they must be doing something right.  Just... not when I'm there.  It has always needed more consistency in service and food/drink quality... so I always feel like my money will for sure be going out... but what I may or may not get might be great or just so so.   That's why it has remained on my once or twice a year stop by place... and not a regular haunt.  It needs that polish that the Fox concept restaurants seem to have down to a science.
2	Ok ohso I love you but seriously you charge a dollar to sample a beer?!? Just one beer?! Thats kinda ridiculous
5	Cant believe I haven't reviewed this place yet. Went with a friend for beer brunch during AZ Beer week. The food was sooo good and the drinks just the same (meal + beer/mimosa was $10). What draws me more to this place is the front loungy area and the back patio. SO cute but gets super crowded. Theres a water station for dogs and a trail behind it for bikers/runners to take a mini pit stop before heading back home/to the mall. Can't wait to go back!
4	In July my husband and I went to the North Scottsdale location and w were very disappointed but decided to return but to the Indian School location. What an improvement on the beer choices and the menu. Great beer and terrific food. My husband and I shared pork  tacos which were very good but the seafood mac and cheese was fabulous! Very cheesy with lots of very large shrimp, My mom came with us and she had the pastrami sandwich and she loved it, she couldn't believe how lean the meat was. We finished off with the caramel apple pie which is to die for. It is a must have! We had great service, the place is very clean and of course dog friendly and our dog loves the complimentary dog treats. We will be back.
5	We went in on a Wednesday night happy hour- great pitchers of beer. I had the kale salad- and my boyfriend had the mac and slow roasted pork... such a great plate (not that I don't love salad... but really the mac was AMAZING). Our server, forgive me I think his name was Kyle- but he was so nice & made recommendations on our wine and beer. Thank you & can't wait to come watch some college football!! Go BLUUUUUUE!
4	Came to try out the $10 brunch special. There was a little bit of a wait which I found to be odd since there appeared to be plenty of seating available. We found a spot at the bar. My french toast was pretty good and I like that they give you the choice of beer or mimosa. I realize we came in at a somewhat busy time on a Sunday but I wished the bartender was slightly more enthusiastic. The servers were nice though, they were running drink orders but still had to the time to explain to me the meaning of the name: "outrageous homebrewers social outpost" and the way the brew-your-own beer works. Talked to a nice couple who had just brewed their first batch and had come in to taste it/enjoy on draught. The concept is quite innovative/unique/cool...you come in, pay $50 to brew, pick your flavors, start your brew, they ferment it for you, feature it on draught, and then give you a $50 gift card to buy your beer or any others that are on draught. I didn't bring my dog with me but like/appreciate the dog-friendliness of the establishment and took one of their "to-go" treats home for him. He liked it. Wish I was staying longer in PHX otherwise I would've started brewing my own beer!
4	This is my new favorite place.  I love that they always have a new selection of freshly brewed beers.  I do not like the fact that they run out of those beers and you cannot get  them the next week.  The food is very tasty. I am going to try the brunch soon
5	Absolute winner.1st star for being dog friendly with free homemade dog treats.2nd star for the free valet parking, which was convenient for unloading 2 dogs and a kid at the front door3rd star is for the back patio with its excellent decor and its own bar4th star is for the excellent  and quick service even during the peak sunday brunch hour.5th star is for the excellent and very well priced food and well paired beers.I would definitely go there again.
4	I love OHSO for it's laid back atmosphere and amazing patio. It's close enough for me that we can bike there, and they have plenty of bike racks plus tools to help with small bike repairs, and even locks. Their patio is also very dog friendly, complete with water bowls and dog treats made from the spent grain from brewing some amazing beer. Their beer list always features their beers along with other local beers that are rotating on tap - I've always found something to enjoy to drink (even for brunch - how about a cold brew coffee beer?). I enjoy their food but I've been so much that I kind of wish they would update their menu with a few new items. My favorite stand-bys are the veggie burger and the fish tacos. You can also substitute any of their regular burgers with the veggie burger or the turkey burger, and they are both delicious. Their fries are good, their brunch is good, their BBQ is good, basically everything is good.
3	Positives:- The patios is awesome- Location off the canal- Can ride and park our bikes there- Our kids love the dogs (at least when all of the dogs are getting along)- Dog treats for the kids to take home to the dogThe rest:-The fish tacos are awesome, the burger was ok and the other dishes have been so so.- The brunch is great if you are drinking but otherwise $10 for a breakfast burrito isn't the greatest.  For those of us that have to drive the rest home it would be nice if you could get an iced tea or coffee instead of a beer or mimosa.
5	This is my favorite place to go! I wish there were more locations!!! But I make the drive because I love this place. Ps you can bring your dog, amazing!
5	We don't live in Phoenix so relied on word-of-mouth recommendation for a place to eat while visiting. Came out tonight and had a Burger And Cheese while my partner had the Hot Pastrami. We both declared our choices to be absolutely fabulous! The next time we're in Phoenix, we'll be back here!!
5	Okay let me start by saying this place is awesome!! We can go out for yummy beer and food while not feeling guilty about leaving the furry kiddo at home! They even make treats for them! Our pup Henry loved hanging with us and the service is awesome!  Great selection of tap beers and the hamburgers are soooo good!
5	We came in after a long week of work thirsty for a beer. Well we were lucky enough to sit next to Josh, one of the brew masters. Josh made us feel like kings sitting in our barstool thrones. He even went out back and brought us a sample of the prickly pair beer straight out of the barrel. It was truly a unique experience to try this beer especially when they went out to the dessert and picked the prickly pears themselves.
5	Great ambiance, accommodating staff, great brunch/beer or mimosa deal, unique bloody mary (they make it with beef jerky!). I love coming here for brunch and sitting outside with all the doggies. Make a reservation, but if you don't, it's still worth the wait!
5	Great beer, great patio(dog Friendly), great food! Local ,  local,  local!   Go there with some friends and check it out !  Beer is great !  Food is Delicious!
5	Always have such an amazing experience here. The atmosphere is great!!  The food is so scrumptious  especially the veggie burger not only the best veggie burger but probably the best burger period!! So good I decided to yelp about it.  Also recommended Sunday brunch
4	Our lunch crew had 2 apps and 2 entrees. Steak and fries and the pretzel board apps were elevated and tasty. Pastrami sandwich and the burger + cheese can come with sweet potato fries. Pastrami is spicy and the burger comes with bacon... Thick bacon. Worth it. We'll be definitely go back.
5	I went to OHSO again today (I find myself there two or three times a month). Once again they were great! Go for the beer but make sure you order some food - it's all great!
5	Here's the scene:First weekend of October. Sunday. 11am - Time for brunch.  The brat breakfast and a mimosa are a good start for 2 of 4 in our party.  The other 2 folks get the bacon flatbread with a frosty AZ beer and never look back on their decision.  12pm - Time for a pitcher of mimosas.  Our dog has decided she'd rather sit with the booth behind us.  Be free, Little One, they don't mind.  But, you're still tethered to the leash of love.1pm - Football starts or continues.  Who knows/cares?  The shade umbrellas are up, misters on, fans are a spinnin'.  This is when I love OHSO the most.  Every day is like a neighborhood block party on the patio.  We better get another pitcher.  2pm - We are getting hungry again.  Yogurt and granola sound mighty healthy and refreshing.  Nope.  Well, sort of.  But still, let's also order fries.  And sweet potato fries.2:45pm - Still hungry.  Did we really think yogurt and french fries would satisfy the 4 of us? It's almost time for the Backyard BBQ to start.  Bring more drinks, please.3pm - BBQ Time!!!  Round #1 is gone in the blink of an eye. Any server within arms reach of our table is now at risk of being grabbed by saucy fingers.  We need more ribs!  And cornbread!  5pm - Our server is like part of the family as we say goodbye and head home smiling and full.  Great day!
1	I am a horrible picky eater which is my fault! I use to go in all the time to eat there chicken pesto sandwich.  It was my birthday and my friends asked where I wanted to go and I picked there so I can have my favorite sandwich. It was very disappointing to find out they no longer made it! On my birthday :( so sad we had to leave.
5	Great food and beer!!
5	All I can say is Wow! I hosted a party here last Saturday for 40 guests as a surprise party for my parents anniversary. I had worked with Nate and everything we talked about he delivered, from the size of our reserved space on the back patio to the food etc. Our server, Ashley, was as good as it gets, everyone always had a drink, we never had to go looking for her. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a fun, casual place to have a private party as all our guests raved about the food, service etc!.
5	I'm only in town for week and I want to go back every evening. The patio area offers a fantastic view of camelback mountain. Their beers were excellent & the food was good too. Just a great atmosphere. I highly recommend it!
5	It's my new favorite place in Arizona.  I love the bicycle part decor and the super dog friendly patio.  O.S.H.O. is awesome not just for the good food, but also they have dog treats and dog bowls for water.  Now to the awesome food.  Their Mac Del Mar is soooo good.  Melty cheese and juicy  shrimp and bacon is a fantastic combo, though the crab could have been chunkier.  Their bbq burger is juicy with the best burger bun Ive had.  The  bun is fresh, fluffy, and tasty.  Their other dishes I've tried are good too, but these two dishes are the most memorable. And of course the drinks are yummy.  I'm not a big fan of beer, but their pumpkin and apple ciders are sweet and light.
5	Love this place. The food, drinks, atmosphere and all are just spot on awesome! Love it. Great place to come with friends and even your dog- best place to eat and relax.
4	We have tried the beers from O.H.S.O several times at different beer festivals across AZ so when we FINALLY made it to the eatery/brewery I was super excited to say the least.  I LUV this place, beer is great, service has always been great and the food falls right in line....we have gone for both dinner and the Sunday brunch both equally perfect.  If you have a chance I would recommend you put this one on your must try list.
5	This place is awesome....the food is very good and they have a wide variety of craft beers.  It is a very friendly environment. .......the decor is very trendy.......the servers were very attentive and did a great job.......this place is also very dog friendly........if you want to go out and enjoy good food, spirits this is the place.......try it once and you'll be back.
4	What a pleasant surprise! Great service, good beer, delicious food and they let you bring your furry friends?! Amazing! I will be back for sure!
5	Great food and drinks. Nice atmosphere and dog friendly. Can get pretty crowded during happy hour.
1	Let's nip this shit in the bud right now.  If you are one of those people that feel the need to bring your dog everywhere with you . . . because you either feel entitled to, or because you think everyone else must be a dog lover, then this place is for you.  Here is what we need to get nailed down . . . the regulations as far as they pertain to dogs, restaurants and patios.  The animal must remain on the ground and cannot be with 200 feet of where food is prepared or the door from which the food is served.  What I don't need is a place that I've gone to enough times to know that dogs are not only allowed on the patio, but in the restaurant, on the seats and a lot of time on the tables.  Where is the health department when you need them?
5	There are some places that are hard to review because they are bad. There are others that are difficult to review because there's just not much to say that hasn't been said before or otherwise. And then there are the places that are hard to review because you like them so much and they deliver time and time again and mere words just won't serve as proper adulation for such revered establishments. OHSO, if you couldn't guess, falls into the third category.My most recent experience at this restaurant solidified my love for this place. OHSO let's/teaches/enables you to brew your own beer and then serves it to eager/unsuspecting customers. For a mere $50 and plenty of time ahead, you and a few friends get a private brewing lesson/walkthrough and actually end up creating your own batch of drinkable beer. Our brewmaster instructor, Dave, was as good as we could've asked for. Knowledgeable and personable, he taught us so much in the few hours we spent brewing an IPA. If you have any interest in brewing our own beer or not, this is a great experience that everyone should try.And that's only tip of the icerberg when it comes to this place. Here are a few other highlights:- Dog-friend patio- Killer menu (breakfast flatbreads are a personal favorite)- Beer beer and more beeeeeeerAnd as a staunch supporter of the local economy, OHSO is always encouraging patrons to drink as much AZ beer as possible. So if you haven't been here already, bump this place up to the top of your list of places to try next.
4	We were visiting from Portland and found this place. It has such a cool vibe and supports local home brewers by allowing them to brew and sell their creations. Great front patio and hip inside followed by an awesome patio that allows dogs. Outdoor patio also has several large tv's for sports. We came here for the beer and ended up having an excellent meal. This isn't your standard bar food. You can taste that the salad dressing is hand made and their beef is high quality in the burgers. Pulled pork had great spicy flavor. Oh and the French fries are extra special.  Good prices and above average quality. We enjoyed the re-use of old bicycles to decorate. Must visit place if you like micro brew.
1	If you like the smell of stale alcohol, oddly placed bar TVs and dirty surroundings, stop on by.  We sat in the bar, waited a few minutes to be served, looked at the menu that appeared to have been in it's own food fight and lost, and both decided to walk out.  Menus are an indication of the level of restaurant cleanliness.  Between the grime and lazy service, not sure how this place stays in business.
5	Came here to check out the dog friendly patio and the homemade dog treats. It's a really chill environment to get some beers, we decided to try out the pepper salad which was on the happy hour menu, it was extremely small portions for the cost of the dish. Yet, they have an awesome rotating beer list and great deals on pitchers. The fact that they have an assisting brewer course that you can sign up for is pretty cool, and the service there is great.I would love to come back and get some entree to test out more of the food. Also riding our bikes down there since it's near the canal route and they supply you with bike locks too!
5	This place never fails to impress. One cannot beat the brunch special here, food and booze for $10 is quite the concept. I'm a sports fan and my happy lady is not, but this place caters to each of us. Dogs are more than welcome here and let's just say we all prefer well behaved ones. Ha.
5	OHSO is one of my favorite places in Phoenix and it has become a well known establishment among breweries and bars in the city.  I have been here more times than I can count but each visit was memorable.  There are 2 locations now but I still prefer the original one in Arcadia.  The atmosphere is wonderful!  OHSO is super dog friendly so there are always a ton of pups hanging out on the back patio.  The back patio is amazing but it is always packed on the weekends so I usually end up on the front patio which is a little quieter.  OHSO is brewery so obviously the beer selection is out of this world!  The best part is that they have an ever changing selection of their own beers.  I'm a big beer fan and I love trying new beers.  If you can't decide what beer to have, you can try as many as you would like for $1 each.  It's like your own personal beer tasting which is great fun!  The food at OHSO is great but not fantastic.  Some of my favorites are the crab dip, hummus, flat breads and the veggie burger is one of my favorites.  Brunch is a great deal at OHSO.  For $10, you get a full brunch entree and a large beer or mimosa.  Such a great deal with delicious food and local beer! If you are really into craft beer-  check out OHSO for their brew your own beer.  Every Saturday morning they hold a brewing tutorial and you can make your own beer that will be tapped at OHSO a few weeks later.  This is how OHSO keeps their revolving taps of interesting beers.Check it out if you haven't been or just go more if you have and hopefully I'll see you there!
4	09.01.14Final meal pre-departure of the bachelorette party. FABULOUS time at OHSO. We each did a beer brunch ($10 for an entree and a beer), and I selected the veggie flatbread and an amber ale.Super fun atmosphere, cute cycle decor, just great feelings all around. Prices are hard to beat!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/o-h-s-o-eatery-nanobrewery-phoenix?select=7AzRGEQwFAyVLkRBvxSC3Q#7AzRGEQwFAyVLkRBvxSC3Q
5	This place is amazing. It's a beautiful Saturday morning or sitting out here having a wonderful breakfast dogs next to us and it's packed in here.  Did I mention that they have really good mimosas?
5	Beers and food are really something special..service is also very friendly. ...beer selection is extensive and they offer samples... new beers are introduced periodically and I canr wait!! Oh Happy days!!  Thanks guys...
4	Food was good.  Beer Cold, Atmosphere fine.  Has a dog friendly patio that was nice.   Green Chili bean dip was too heavy on the beans and too light on the Chili.  If you are going to have some chili dip, give the customer the option to put some heat in it.  As it was served, it was not as spicy as my mint toothpaste.  Nice place, I would go to again.
4	Please find a better chef and this place will be a homerun! The ambiance overrides the food issues, but if they had a crappy location and no dog policy I would never come. The brunch deal is pretty crazy, but I noticed they changed the brunch menu recently and cheapened the food (maybe they realized it was too good of a deal). Dinner here leaves much to be desired...the ceasar salad with salmon was super blah. Sandwiches and burgers are the best bet to be satisfied. But...the atmosphere really can't be beat. Great spot for brunch with gal pals.
5	Great place as a Hipster's Hangout. A parades of awesome atmosphere!!!!Went during happy hour.Dog friendly patio- probably the coolest restaurant patio and largest i ever seen. Cool friendly staff! They even offer doggy bags up front.The food is excellent, unique and different. It's a hip place with a wide selection of alcoholic beverages. Big enough for large groups to sit comfortably, and intimate enough for a date as well...Complimentary valet service also.Loved it.
5	This place was very impressive many different types of brews to try lots of seating a great view to the outside patio the food was incredible  I tried the hamburgers they were delicious probably one of the best I've had in town. Animals are allowed as well they're very dog friendly you can have them on the patio.  They even provide gourmet dog biscuits.
5	I spent the afternoon watching football games and eating the Sunday afternoon BBQ special - all you can eat from 3-7. Met with the manager, Woo and learned about the place. Great foot, tons of beers Local and national. They are very involved with the community. The food was above average and the beer selection was outstanding. For Scottsdale, $5. pint is very reasonable and $9, pitchers. Shea the server mentioned they have dog biscuits. I brought one home and my dog went nuts. He loved it. I will be back, this time with my dog!
4	It was my first time at OHSO on Sunday around 3pm.  They ran out of brisket the day before so I didn't go for their bottomless bbq special. I ordered the Hot Pastrami sandwich with fries. It was a good sandwich. Nice bun, toppings, and quality pastrami. But I was very disappointed with the fries. I think they use the same supplier as Burger King. My girlfriend and I shared a pitcher of mimosas, so unfortunately I didn't try one of their nanobrews.The bathroom could have use some attention on our visit. Otherwise it was a fun and relaxed ambience, and a upscale casual dining experience.
4	I only stopped by here for a couple drinks with friends, but was impressed with their beers on draught. They had a selection of beer from Arizona breweries that ibhandt tried anywhere else. The wait staff was very friendly and helpful, and the atmosphere was relaxed and inviting, which isn't always easy to find in Phoenix. Prices were reasonable as well. The only thing that was bothersome was that you have no option but to valet your car, you can't park on your own. Otherwise great experience, and I would go back.
4	Another great find for my friend! Came here specifically because they are dog friendly!! It was pretty busy when we were there, just in time for brunch on a holiday weekend so it was to be expected. We didn't wait very long though maybe five minutes? I brought my pitbull (yes all the way from Vegas as I was visiting friends and no she's not vicious) who would probably rather have sat on one of the chairs then on the ground. They provided water dishes and some pretty awesome doggie biscuits that my pup loved and ate right up. Awesome extra service right there!So we came here for the beer brunch deal which I think is an awesome deal and more places need to adopt it! I got the veggie flatbread + beer combo, which I went through two other choices of beer before finally settling on an IPA, they ran out of the most awesome sounding ones that was a little disappointing but won't deter from anything though! I really enjoyed the flatbread which was had eggs, cheese, potatoes, kale, and pico de gallo which I think was a perfect brunch or even breakfast flatbread!! It all came together into this perfect combination, probably because of the potatoes and cheese really that made it savory!I loved my experience here and can't wait to come back and try some other foods on the menu!!
4	This was a cool nano brewery with a good looking good selection. I only got to try a few beers and the shrimp cevici. The shrimp was nice size and very tasty for the price. I also liked the atmosphere and staff was friendly. Parking wasn't great but they have complementary valet which was nice. I would definitely come back for dinner.
5	Best beers on tap anywhere. Always a good selection. Food is top notch. Beer and brunch is great. Huge breakfast with a beer or mimosa for $10. The back patio is amazing. Dog friendly and nice this time of year. Backs up to camelback for an amazing view and the canal which you can ride along. Make sure to take your growler with you to take home your favorite beer
5	I love everything about this place, and frequent it often for many reasons. The wait staff is always in a good mood, and pays attention to you even if the place is packed. The food is original, different than the run of the mill bar, and the craft beers are on point. You can try many beverages without breaking the bank. For $1 you can sample the many local and foreign brews. On the weekend you can stop in for a $10 brunch which includes a drink. They have good bbq, great appetizers, and I haven't had anything I didn't really enjoy and that's a serious plus. For their brunch the flatbread with breakfast on top rocks my socks. I would suggest this to my friends and I'll see you there! :)
5	I love everything about this place!  Best back patio any time of the year.  They make it comfortable no matter the weather.  (haven't tried rain yet tho) :)
5	Love the people service location Beers are always great Brunch for $10 and a drink!!!
4	Decided to come for their Sunday brunch after a long hike. It can be a long wait, but it's worth being able to eat outside with your furry friend. $10 is a great deal for a glass of mimosa (or beer) & they are generous with the pour. The Garden flat pizza and Breakfast flat bread were both good. If you haven't tried OHSO yet with your pet, you definitely should!
1	Sub par service and received cold food. Forty five minutes for a cold burger and fries is pretty ridiculous would recommend 0/10. Would recommend the free beer though just eat before you come to drink.
4	Best beers in phoenix.  The dinner was good and the brunch, don't miss it.  Especially on a nice day on the patio.
3	I've been to Ohso numerous times and always generally enjoy it but it's not usually my first choice because their vegetarian options are very limited. I love beer, bikes, dogs, and good patios though so in most regards it's my style. Last night, I had a very poor experience here. I always order either kale and pear salad or the veggie burger (because as mentioned there are really no other veg options), last night I had the kale and pear. It was 98% wilted arugula and maybe 2 pieces of kale. The service was also quite poor. They're always busy so the service is never great. I will think twice before going back there for a while. Also, order sweet potato fries, the regular ones have a particular quality similar to cardboard.
4	I like the place and the food is great but we waited a hour for a table and I could do without so many kids in a fully stocked bar
4	Stopped in today to check out their beers and the digs!!  I didn't do any "research" before I went so...only two or three Ohso beers on tap....  That's ok I settled on one rather than getting a flight.  However, due to the great digs and the wonderfully kind and chatty beertender Justin, I will be back another time for some different beers!!  Thanks Ohso!!
2	We came here the day after New Years for their brunch special and waited an hour for our food...and then food came out cold. I will not be back
4	Came here for a brunch Saturday morning after a Crossfit competition in Scottsdale.Downside? Obviously it was a bit impromptu on the brunch so we did not call ahead to reserve seating, and being there was 12+ of us, figured there would be a bit of a wait. Ended up sitting the patio (a bit hot, as this was during summer), and the downside was that none of the tables are able to move together. Did not mind sitting outside, nice shady umbrellas and misters, but having the group broken up on multiple different tables was a bit disappointing. Ordered waffles and mimosa, both were very tasty. Did not hear any complaints from any of my fellow crossfitters either!! (And they can be picky! Everyone seemed to enjoy it). On the flipside it was not terribly expensive, a decent price for a decent meal. I enjoyed the atmosphere, and being dog friendly rules!! I plan on taking my furbaby here for a return visit sometime in the next month or two. Can't wait. Hope the food and drinks are just as good on my return!
4	This is such a hip place. Mainly because they're dog friendly and serve really delicious beer and food. There's isn't really much else needed, but they've also got a great patio, bar and dining room. Parking kind of sucks, but I guess no one is perfect. One star off because they had a couple of beers listed on the menu that they were waiting to tap, which was pretty irritating, since most of the people at our table wanted them. They make dog biscuits for you to take for free!
5	My new favorite bar in Phoenix. The outside bar in the back, not the one inside. It's big, it's open, it's dog friendly, they have big TVs and they have a ton of beers on tap including a few that they brew themselves. Great food and service too.
4	Cool microbrew-pub that felt like your neighbor's garage. Great selection of local and regional microbrews with an innovative, fresh menu to match.  It was noisy but not loud and they have TVs everywhere to watch the game.
