1	This place is horrible. In contact with the Atty General to go after them.  My 70+ year old parents went in with a coupon. Where told they needed a new AC compressor and other parts for a total over a $1000.00. That they could finance the repair.  Thank God I checked it out first.  They just needed a few dollars worth of freon. My parents went in with a coupon, thinking they were getting their car serviced. Instead they were in the den of these heartless wolves.  taking advantage of retired people. Playing on their worries and fears.  Do they need money so bad to steal from customers?   Boycott them.
1	Dishonest don't trust them or go there. Told my elderly parents they needed a new AC system. All they needed was a few dollars worth of freon.  Dishonest
2	Took 1.5 hours for an oil change, asked if it came with a tire rotation and they said yes, they said my car was ready and I asked if the tires were rotated and they said yes.  Left and went gas, looked down at my tires and noticed they didn't rotate them.  (I had different brand tires on the back then I did in the front).  so had to go back and it took them another 1/2 hour to rotate my tires.  When I went to pay they had some recommended maintenance things I should do, all the fluids flushed, transmission, brake  etc.  and my oil pan gasket had a leak which I knew about.   I said I just got my transmission fluid flushed 3 months ago, the guy said oh, well since your oil pan gasket is leaking they put that down as a recommendation.Since they didn't try to upsell me too much I'll give them 2 starts but these oil changing shops really need to get their business together.Then they run out and greet everyone that pulls up in a big truck.  car people...
5	My go to for car maintenance and repairs! They've had a lot of managers over the years but they have all been legit, to the point, and didn't hassle me one bit, especially being a girl. They are always willing to show you in person what needs to be fixed, which helped me trust their word. Great service and people!
1	RUDE! RUDE! RUDE!They will rip you off! Don't trust these guys!I have gotten my oil changed at Meineke a couple of times before and was satisfied by the quick and friendly service. This time, however, I feel like I went through hell and back. It started when my check engine light turned on. I had taken my car to Auto Zone to figure out why the light was on. I then took it to Meineke because there was something wrong with the engine cooling system. They guy at the Meineke shop (Ben) told me that this was an urgent fix and needed to be done before any further damage was done to my vehicle. So I took his advice and we went from there. He told me that he could fix my car within the half hour. He did his work and thirty minutes later my oxygen sensor was replaced. He charged me $400.00 for the job. The very next week, my check engine light comes on again. Again, I take it to Auto Zone to get a reading; it was the same reading as before so yes, I was a little upset that my car wasn't fixed the first time. So I go back to this same Meineke shop and they tell me that the check engine code that Auto Zone gave me was wrong. They told me that something else was wrong with it. They said that I'll need to replace the temperature sensor. So again, Ben tells me that this is a quick 15 minute job and he charged me $75. I pay the $75 and he fixed it. Then, two days later, my check engine light comes on again. By this point I am so irritated that they still haven't fixed the issue. I was told that it was going to be solved the first time. I thought I had paid the hefty $475 to fix it. I was wrong. So, I end up having to take time off of work to go get my car checked up again for the THIRD time! They ran the test on my car and it was the same code as before. I expressed my feelings to one of the employees there telling him that I thought this was unfair and that I thought I was being taken advantage of. I felt as though I was being scammed and ripped off. After expressing my feelings to him, he told me that they would never take advantage of their customers nor rip them off and he decided to give me the cold shoulder and be a complete jerk to me, making my experience there even worse. I was shocked by how unprofessional he was being. He told me that my part was still on warranty so they would fix it. So I came into the shop the following Saturday to have them work on my car. On my way to the shop, I decided to call another Meineke. I got a hold of the one on 51st Ave and Glendale. I asked them for a quote on an oxygen sensor replacement and they told me they could get the part for $130 and that they would charge me $40 for labor. After hearing this, I was heated! I could not believe that I paid over twice the amount for a new oxygen sensor. I was lied to and I was cheated. My frustration with this Meineke location was through the roof. So I get there, and I notice the level of professionalism is not what you'd expect to see and a repair shop. The employees where horsing around and spraying each other with some kind of liquid that shot out of a can and some where even just standing around not doing anything, very upsetting. So they finally do the repairs on my car and replace the temperature sensor. When everything was done, they handed me back my keys and told me they were finished. I never got a receipt. I went back inside and asked an employee for a receipt. They guy who was being a jerk to me approached me. He held up the part that he replaced and put it up to my face, looked me in the eyes and said, "Look, this is was I took out of your car and replaced, do you still need a receipt?" I replied with "Yes". He them stormed off. I could not believe the costumer service I was getting. There was no reason for him to get in my face like that. His rudeness was unacceptable. I shouldn't have even had to ask for a receipt, that is something that I should have been given no questions asked. That fact that he made it seem as though I was asking for an extraordinary request was very unprofessional and uncalled for. I have never had so much trouble with ANY repair shop! I am very disappointed with this shop and I will never go back there. I would like to be reimbursed for the job that should have only cost me half of what I paid but going back there is the last thing that I want to do. So if there is anything that you can do for me, I would appreciate it. Thank you for your time.
