5	I can not believe no one has written a review on this business. I am honored to be the first. I've ordered from them at least 3-4 times over the past two years and usually send my parents who are both teachers - wonderful arrangements for birthdays or Mother's day to their school... and they are the biggest hit. I came to write a review about their latest customer service. I had sent my mother a bouquet for Mother's Day this past weekend and sent it to her school on Friday because they were going out of town over the weekend. However- she took off from school early and the school of course couldn't sign for them.... and because the fruit doesn't last after it's been cut and dipped in chocolat - there was no way it was going to survive the weekend till Monday. However - I received a call from them letting me know this Friday - was so upset and disappointed and while they apologized - there was really nothing the girl at the time could do. However - I received a voicemail the next day from her saying the owner, Don I believe, said he would go ahead and make her a new one and bring it to her on Monday instead. They even called my mom direct to let her know since they didn't reach me! I know it sounds silly but it made me emotional.... THIS IS FOR MY MOM who I love so much and just wanted to give her a great surprise and tell her how much I love her since we live so far away. It was so wonderful - even during their insane busy Mother's Day weekend they took the time to call us both gets 5 stars in my book. Huge Thanks Madison Edible Arrangements!
4	I ordered Edible Arrangements today, around 12 to be delivered today.  The recipient just called was thrilled as could be.  She reports that the fruit is fresh, tasty and the she especially is enjoying the chocolate covered strawberries I added on.  This was a great choice for her since she is so much healthier than I and is careful not to overload on sweets.  It was important to me that the fruit taste fresh and it did.  Thank you for helping me send a smile! :O)  I'll use your service again.
