3	We had lunch here yesterday.  My husband had a sandwich and a coffee smoothie and I had a fruit smoothie (which was plenty filling for me).  I tasted my hubby's lunch and it was good, good enough for him to finish it all.  My smoothie was also yummy, but it would have been nice to have size/price options because I didn't finish mine (I was too full) and so it was a bit of a waste.Overall a good option if you're in the casino and need a speedy good for you lunch.
5	I found this place during my last couple of days at the Green Valley Ranch Resort in Henderson (just outside Vegas).  If I actually paid attention sooner and looked at their full menu, I would've been here more often.  They not only have great smoothies, but also had great pita wraps and sandwiches.  Try the pesto chicken pita, they're made fresh and they actually LOOK like the pictures advertising them. You don't see that often.  They actually had breakfast sandwiches too, which sounded really good, but never got the chance to try them.  The staff members on my two visits were really friendly and helpful in giving me some pointers on their best items.  I'm hoping to find one of these in Chicago soon.
4	Located inside the Green Valley Ranch. It's in the food court area just upstairs over the movie theatre.This is a small attached location with yogurt shop. The community seating for food court can be good or bad depending on how busy it is. When I was there it kinda sucked cuz there were a bunch of kids at the food court I think flowing over fro the movies.The staff is friendly. Got my smoothie out reasonably fast and was in the mood for fresh orangy mango taste. Bammm Sunrise Sunset it was. Strawberries, Pineapple, Mango and Orange with extra orange. Had it my way and like it!!Good spot for quick fresh while in thete and not wanting the whole restaurant thing.All good - do it!
5	Friendly staff and fast service. Great selection of smoothies. I'll be back.
4	I stayed at Green Valley Ranch for a few days and every morning stopped by this location to get a Smoothie to start the day.  It's conveniently located in the food court near the conference rooms, so instead of Coffee, I got a Smoothie to start my day.  My Smoothie of choice is the Rockin' Raspberry (Raspberries, Strawberries, Banana, w/shot of Whey Protein), $5.99.  It's very tasty and serves as a sort of meal replacement instead of eating a Pastry or Muffin before our conference sessions.The employees here are friendly and from the 2nd day of my stay started making it for me as soon as they saw me in line....that's great service!Return Factor - 90%
5	This is in the food area of Green Valley Ranch Casino. open 24/7. The smoothies are very tastey and the girls working are nice.
4	I had a hard time finding this place. Didn't know it was inside of Green Valley Ranch casino. But that's not a deal breaker. The staff is nice and very friendly.  I don't mind the walk through the casino to get there.  The parking in the garage is not overly crowded, well at least the times that I  was there. This is by far my favorite Tropical Smoothie compared to the rest. Definitely will come back.
