4	Just got back from the grand opening.  This place is going to be a hit. It's great to see a sushi place at the Biltmore again since Ayako closed.They have the same menu as the Scottsdale location.   At the Biltmore there is a great inside/outside bar and a separate dining area in the back.All the rolls were very good.  Spicy and flavorful.I usually stick with beer or sake at Japanese restaurants but the Tokyo Wall Street specialty cocktail was great with vodka and ginger.
2	so after getting a facebook notice from cenpho about stingray opening up last night, i couldn't pass up the opportunity to check out a new local sushi spot and sample what they have to offer. the promotion was a $10 donation to a charity and in return you get to sample their sushi and their drinks.my girl and i get there at 8, an hour after the gala started, and the place is packed. it's quite big inside, with the restaurant being divided half into a bar/lounge and half into a sit down restaurant. the bright obnoxious orange paint on the walls kind of threw me off but the rest of the restaurant was pretty sleek. they had a huge fish tank in the bar area....with NO FISH in it..ummm..it's your grand opening...are the fish swimming their way here? the bathroom, while trying to be cool and urban in concept, failed miserably with a sink that splashed water all over the floor just begging for someone to slip, fall and sue the company.onto the food, and the drinks. while i was told my $10 donation would provide me with samplings of sushi, the only sample i  got was 1 piece of a roll that a waitress brought out. after that 1 waitress with sushi, the food magically disappeared. the roll itself was decent, i don't remember what it was, but it had a delicious sauce on top and a piece of halibut. the rice on the sushi was not as sticky as i prefer, it almost crumbled in my mouth. there were plenty of drinks samplings going around though, as if liquoring me up would make me forget that you're not passing out any food. we got a complimentary specialty cocktail, i went for the raspberry rose drink since they ran out of their kiwi drink and my lady went with the dragonfruit drink. i liked the raspberry one better, although they were both a little too on the sweet side for my taste. good news though, they carry newcastle.bottom line - on your opening night, be prepared. seriously you guys. you promised me sushi and samplings of appetizers and you didn't deliver. after this debacle, chances are i won't even come back. there are a handful of other sushi places that managed to impress me way more than you did stingray. lame.
2	I've been going to the Stingray Sushi in Scottsdale for the past 6 years and their food and service is great.  I was very excited for the new location in our neighborhood to open.  We went during HH and it was busy, but not that busy.  We were quoted a 20-30 minute wait, and after an hour, we were still not sitting.  I discussed with the hostess and asked if they would extend HH pricing due to their error in quoting a wait time, and the manager did not handle the situation properly and was rude.  I expect more from a seasoned restaurant who I know can provide good service and food.  I'm one who is very sensitive to new restaurants and understand there are always kinks to be worked out, but customer service is one thing that can always be good and consistent.
4	Finally Biltmore gets a sushi place after the departure of Ayako! Well if you have been to Stingray in Old Town Scottsdale, this is same menu, etc. But I happened to like the atmosphere at this location better!Came here for a happy hour, had a drink called the Tokyo Tease(delish!) and since I love sashimi sushi (which isn`t on the happy hour menu, no big deal), ordered my sashimi combo, which didn`t disappoint!! Included tuna, salmon and yellowtail. Did enjoy the bevy of assorted rolls that went by. I like the outside/inside seating bar- great on beautiful weather days! I will be back for more!!
3	The good:Great happy hour.  Sushi rolls for $3 and $5, and until 7 pm.  Most sushi places put the basic rolls on happy hour, but Stingray added a couple extras - the Las Vegas Roll was good, with avocado, smoked salmon, and cream cheese, and wrapped in tempura.  Next time I'll ask for it without the tempura.--My wife ordered the chicken salad and loved it.  Its got some sort of asian horseradish dressing that was really good.--Great location (for me), nice decor (not great, but nice).The Bad:--Service.  There are two BIG clues a bartender/waiter needs to learn:  1) If wine glasses are empty (or getting close), ask if the customer would like a refill rather than waiting for them to flag you down; and 2) if my fork is turned over, I am done eating.  Ask if you can clear the plates and bring anything else.  I shouldn't have to sit for 20 minutes next to my empty wine glass trying to get your attention so I can pay my bill.  The manager kept walking right in front of us, also oblivious to the two BIG clues.Maybe I bring this on myself by sitting at the bar instead of a table, so your experience may be better.
1	my husband and I had lunch here today. Sat at the bar.  Well, WE GOT STUNG ALRIGHT!!  TERRIBLE,TERRIBLE SERVICE!!!  The sushi came 45 minuted after we ordered...the endamame came AFTER the entree.  The drinks came 15 minutes before the food.  Everyone at the bar was just looking each other in disbelief that the service could be this bad.  I noticed that some other customer's food came AFTER they had left.  The bartender's organizational skills were just pathetic..she apologized enough, I will give her that!.  But her manager just left her hanging and we NEVER saw him although she mentioned him numerous times to us.The sushi was good, the drinks were good.  But, does that excuse the pathetic service?  Waiting 45 minutes for sushi?I spoke with this so-called-manager.  He said "sorry our kitchen really dropped the ball today"......THAT'S IT!  I mentioned that it would have been nice to have seen him behind that bar and try to fix the problem..or at least apologize to the customers.  He shrugs his shoulders and responds in silence.  I said it was difficult for me to subject myself to such poor service and lack of responsibility and he said....." O.K."!   LOL!!! I guess he failed to understand that many a sushi bar has tried and failed there at The Biltmore.....GOOD LUCK and I wish you HAPPY CLOSING!   Keep up this service and attitude and you will all find yourselves collecting Pres. Obama's extended unemployment checks!
3	I would definitely give this place more like a 4 to 5 star review for the overall ambiance... love the Biltmore area.  But if i had to rate the quality of the fish... yes I am very picky when it comes to my sushi... yeah hence  my rate of 3 stars for this place.  I love the bar and trendy cool decor.... but more for a fun bar loungy get-together than a place for authentic sushi.... regardless... I had a phenomenal time catching up with my friend:)
4	A horrific hangover and possibly still drunk on a monday afternoon, one might be turned off at the thought of a burger or a burrito. I know I was. Just thinking about the available fast food options close to home made me want to barf. Sushi sounded enticing.Stingray offers several lunch bento boxes, each with cucumber salad, miso soup, a main, and a side that changes with each item. I ordered the sushi bento and it was phenomonal. Four very large slices of sashimi, three pieces of nigiri, and cucumber salad was more than enough for me. The quality was excellent and the prices were fair to somewhat high. I think my luch with tax, tip, and iced tea was under $15... not too bad for a sushi lunch at a high rent place like this. The service was spectacular. I ate at the bar outside and I think the bartender must have been the most outgoing, friendliest girl I've ever had the pleasure of being waited on by. She was spectacular. I really felt like I was someones houseguest by my treatment. It was a very different feel from the old town location, where most staff feels very cold.
4	Again, we've been on an epic sushi expedition since moving here, trying to find GOOD sushi in Phoenix.  So far, the best has been Sushi on Shea in Scottsdale. However, friends recommended Stingray, so off we went.Now, we are definitely not this trendy. No Sir.  We felt quite a bit out of place, and while I did like most of the decor (walking over fish looking up my skirt was a bit awkward), some of it was too much. Also, the hostesses wore nothing to differentiate them; it was like being in the emo-ville section of ASU.Stepping in, we waited a good 5 minutes before we were sat. Once sat, our server took her time coming over too. Between the initial service and the prices, we were pretty unimpressed. Also, the lack of vegetarian sushi options was kind of disappointing.However, the food, once ordered, was delicious. The iced tea was super tasty, and my partner got a crunchy roll and a spicy salmon roll.  She said both were the freshest she's tasted since we moved here.  Due to the lack of veggie-friendly sushi options, I opted for the Udon soup with a soy broth. Granted, it came out about 10 minutes after my partner's sushi did, but it was worth it. Veggies, noodles and a DELICIOUS broth made it well worth the $12, and I was definitely full.Will we come back? Yes, but not too frequently. The pricing is a bit high, and we're way too un-trendy for such a place, so Sushi on Shea will be our go to, affordable place. However, for a once in a while date night sushi place, Stingray will top the list.
4	How can one not like sushi... I mean seriously!?! Yum!!! I'm excited there is a new sushi spot next to my place, you can never have too many :-) A group of us went to in the other night for a going away party/dinner. We tried to make reservations, which we found out they don't take, but they were able to put us on a list, as being a party of 8 they were helpful and got us a great table on the patio fast. Everything we had was great! Starting with their specialty drinks, I had some strawberry champagne concoction that was super yummy! Then a few rounds of Saki, duh! We had lots and lots of edemame and gyoza to start. Edemame is a must when eating sushi. Then we all kinda split a bunch of rolls, well except for Alex, Whitney E. bf, we haven't broken him into the sushi thing yet. He had a steak and said it was very good. I can't for the life of me remember the names of the special rolls we had, and they don't have them listed on their web site. One of them had light cilantro lime sauce and pico on top, refreshing and tasted like we were on the beach. Their fish quality is very good as well. The tuna on the nagiri was perfect. They have a fairly large bar out front as well, perfect for some summer time happy hour. (Saki carafes and specialty drinks are half off and some great food on special as well)Long story short..... I'm a fan for sure, you should be too!
1	I have dubbed this place Stinky Sushi.  This place is fine for drinks and the patio is great.  But don't go expecting good food.  I should have known that the sushi was not going to be worth eating because our waitress had no information about recommendations from the sushi bar and did not offer to find anything out for us.  She seemed to be clueless about the menu. I asked her to find out what the sushi chef recommended and she had no useful information to give us.  The yellowtail nigiri was disgusting.  It looked grayish and was dry, sort of like a rubber eraser.   The rice on the California roll was hard and dry and tasted like the roll had been made the day before and refrigerated until right before it was served.  We had a few other rolls and they were ok...nothing special. The seared hamachi and the raw hamachi "specialties" were ok but we could taste the poor quality of the fish even though it was covered by other ingredients (ponzu, jalapenos, etc.). The tempura was average. The edamame was average. The seaweed salad was mostly julienned cucumbers and microgreens, and didn't contain much seaweed.   I would love to see some improvement in the food, as I would like nothing better than to have a good Japanese restaurant in the neighborhood.  But I've been to the other location in Old Town and the quality of the food is similar, so I am not holding my breath.   I'd have drinks at Stinky (I mean Stingray) and then go to True Food for a truly high-quality meal (and there is a great raw fish dish on their menu).
1	Service has never been a strong suit of Stingray in Scottsdale, however I had high, but unfulfilled , hopes for the Biltmore Stingray.  By far the WORST service I may have ever had.  It was a dead 3pm on a friday and we sat at the bar, and might I add, were the only customers inside! We asked for water with our beers 3 times, and had four entrees that we didn't order brought to us and nothing that we did order. To top it all off, the bartender was absent, RUDE as ever, and couldn't have cared less, ALL while the manager watched on!!! He was too busy helping entertain the numerous other servers and bartenders dancing around in the bar area doing nothing.  NEVER GOING BACK, note: drive up the street for Zen Sushi instead!!!
1	this place is just AWEFUL!!  If you find yourself walking by and are tempted...JUST KEEP WALKING...IT IS SIMPLY NOT WORTH THE TROUBLE.  The manager could care less...and was busy flirting with the cute girls.  The bartender was clueless, dare I say....stupid.....slow, unorganized.Our food arrive 45 minutes after we ordered..AND WE WERE NOT THE ONLY ONES!I hope they re-open SAM's Cafe in its place in a few months...I am sure Stingray will not be there long!!!
3	Depending on what you're looking for; if it's food mmm okay it's alright.  Service was not excellent but not bad either.  I think Sting Ray's in general is more for it's atmosphere.  Go for happy hour and drinks, aside from that don't complain.  Sting Ray's in Scottsdale is just a smaller version of the Biltmore one.
4	This past week I went to Stingrays for lunch.  It was a late lunch (around 1pm) so the place wasn't overwhelmed with the typical Biltmore lunch suits.   The first thing I noticed was the wonderful patio set up.   The rest of the restaurant was open air so even if you sit inside, its like dining outside.   There is a main dinning room and then a bar area as well.  The decor is inviting, and very modern with a retro 70's feel.  The tables were bamboo so maybe even a "green" restaurant?   The seeing was very comfortable too.  We had sushi but they have a menu with many more things to offer. Have the Blueberry Iced tea, it's really good. Ambiance / Decor: A+Drinks: A ( Blueberry Iced Tea)Food: AService: BAffordability: B (I mean it's probably typical for a sushi joint)I'm glad there is a new sushi place in the central phoenix area since a nearby establishment (which will remain nameless) lost my business 3 years ago after having I had the last straw with their poor service. Stingray is so good we are going back this weekend. YUM!!!!
4	Stingray's grand opening was definitely a scene... it was packed but isn't that what grand openings are all about?  That night I sampled a few of their specialty cocktails, and I was not disappointed.  And when I was planning a girls night out tonight for my mom-in-law and I to go have dinner and see Sex And The City 2, I thought of Stingray... it was perfect.  We sat outside and while the view could've been better (they are doing renovations to the building nextdoor), the table was comfortable and the service was extremely attentive.  We started out with a seaweed salad and how could we not order drinks before the show?  Joanie had the Geisha A Go Go (watermelon infused vodka cocktail) and I went with a dirty martini... it was perfect!  We shared a few rolls - a futomaki, and eel, and a lollipop roll.  All were delicious.Stingray in Old Town is my go-to sushi spot, but it's so nice to now have an alternative for nights like tonight on the other side of town.  And a note about the parking - the first two hours are free... just validate your little coin and you'll be all set.  Enjoy!
4	Went to Stingray last night and Have to say Im a fan of both Stingray's (Scottsdale/Biltmore)... However, the New location is great ...chill location, so far not totally packed and always seem to be able to get a spot right away. Great Happy Hour. $5 sushi rolls,apps, and drinks. Can get a ton of food for cheap.The bad thing was service is still lacking ...coin flip if you get a great server or one you have to wait on them verse them waiting on you...overall experience is good.
3	Great happy hour prices! Nice environment.
5	I thought I was going to be devastated when my old local sushi spot closed! Rest assured my Happy hour search has been remedied after coming to Stingray Biltmore. Monday thru Friday happy hour specials are just the ticket to make this girl UBBER happy. The staff is always professional and courteous and food comes out to perfection. I dined one Saturday night and the mere 15 minutes wait was worth the food coma!! Came hungry and left happy...will be back very soon for sure
3	Who knew this place would be packed on a Thursday night? My husband, daughter, and I met friends and their son here for happy hour. We were quoted a 20 minute wait that later turned into a 50 minute wait. There was no indoor or outdoor waiting area, and the inside entrance was full, so we uncomfortably stood outside during our wait (mind you with a 12-month old and 18-month old). There were misters and shade, so I guess it could have been worse. We ordered several rolls from the HH menu and a kid's bento for the babe's to share. Food arrived promptly and wasn't too bad. The HH prices make it worth it...there is no way I would dine here otherwise. Pros: great happy hour pricesCons: -the music and background chatter are WAY too loud. The acoustics must be awful, because all I could hear were surrounding conversations. We were practically yelling at each other across the table and still had a difficult time hearing. - the wait was outrageously long. Seriously, an hour on a Thursday at 6? For a table of 4 (with two babes squished on an end). Also, I HATE when a host can't tell it to me straight, instead we kept being told another 15 minutes, it's almost ready, no, another minute, oh, another 3-5 minutes. GET IT STRAIGHT so we're not waiting around with two BABIES for an HOUR. So irritating.I might come back to Stingray, but for Happy Hour only. Like I said, their prices are way too steep for the food and subpar service.
2	Went to Stingray Sushi recently for dinner.  I've been here one other time, but I had 18 too many cocktails and couldn't taste the sushi, story of my life.  However, I was able to taste the sushi last night and was very disappointed.  I know they also own Geisha A Go Go (or Geisha owns them, whatever) and that's one of my fav Scottsdale places, so I had some big hopes for Stingray.  Here is why I gave 2 stars:1) Choice of rolls and creativity of rolls was subpar.  I had cooler rolls where I lived in Lansing, Michigan...c'mon, this is The Biltmore, gimme something more exciting than the "Spicy Crab Roll".2) Appetizer we had wasn't good.  We ordered the scallop and mushroom (which the waitress said was 'AMAZING, like OMG") so don't order that.3) Wine was good...$7-10/glass...bright spot of the night.Overall - it was just an "ok" experience...spent $72 (pre-tip) on 3 rolls, appetizer and 2 glasses of wine.  Not worth it in my opinion, much better sushi places like Blue Wasabi in Phx/Gilbert and even Hana I like better in Central Phoenix.
1	Wish I coud give it ZERO. DON'T EAT HERE....UNLESS YOU WANT TO GET SICK....THEN GET AN ATTITUDE FROM THE MANAGER (guess she doesn't know about YELP)!!! I came here for a casual night with a friend and ordered my usual sushi rolls. Fast forward a few hours as I am praying to the porcelain goddess.....up all night with terrible abdominal pain and food poisoning. No other explanation. After purging my system of the spicy tuna roll I finally felt better. I was set out to do my due diligence and contact the restaurant so nobody else has to experience a loss of sleep and fluid....so I called and spoke to a manager. Now, I was NICE about it... but  she was not sympathetic at all!! essentially called me a liar and was a total B-i-A-T-C-H. Don't eat here unless you want rotten food and rotten attitude.  Not worth the money for a terrible evening and no ownership. Man-up Stingray!!!! My friend got food poisening from another well-established and recognized Asian restaurant and was treated SO much better!! He was given a $100 gift certificate, they apologized profusely, offered to pay his medical bills!!! and threw out their entire meat supply that could have born the offending portion my friend ate - RESPECTABLE!! not stingray- may you all suffer.....just don't order spicy tuna!! UM actually yeah... please do!
3	OK - about 2 weeks after I wrote this review, I got an e-mail from a dude who introduced himself as one of the partners of Stingray.He apologized for the way I was treated and asked me for more details of the incident so he can look into it and rectify the situation moving forward.He also asked for my address so he can send me a gift card.Which he did! $50 worth!Once again, kudos to Yelp for bringing business owners and their customers together!!!!Stingray's sting didn't last long...and they lived happily ever after!
1	First of all, I'm tired of restaurants that play thumping music in the background and put a pair of cleavage cuties at the host stand to mask the weak food and marginal service.  And then have servers that appear to have never left Arizona but are experts in sushi and Japanese cuisine.  I realize that they're not a real "Japanese" restaurant, but nevertheless...Bar staff was mediocre.  I sat there with little attention.  Food is nothing to write home about; nothing I had really stands out and it didn't seem the staff had any convincing recommendations.  It's not outrageously expensive, but it could get a bit pricey depending on how you order.  I suppose if you're here for a trendy snack before heading out dancing, it might fit, but if you actually want a meal, I wouldn't recommend it.To top my meal off, I had a dry, flaky, not-so-tasty dessert that looked like an afterthought.  I realize desserts are the big margin item at a restaurant, but for $7, I would have liked it to look better put together.Skip this one.  Especially at this location.  If you want the scene, go to Scottsdale.
5	Had a great dinner at Stingray last weekend, 3 great rolls!  This was our first visit, as we have been wanting to try it for awhile now.  Had a Japanga roll, a summertime roll in soy paper and can not remember the name of the other.  Fun, contemporary environment that you can actually have a conversation with your lovely date and hear them.Will definitely visit again, and try the Oldtown Scottsdale location!
4	Stingray has some of the most creative sushi I have had here in the Valley. I went to this location on Friday during happy hour. It was PACKED in the bar area, and there was really no where to stand. We got drinks at the bar, but because it was so packed, a patron of the bar spilled one of our drinks all over herself, while she was trying to hand it to me. I felt awful! We found a stand around table. Once we got to the table, our experience improved. Our waitress, I think her name was Kelly, was knowledgeable and friendly. The service was outstanding, even though it was super busy. We paid $100 for 8 saki bombers and 9 rolls! Amazing food and service!!
3	I've been to the one in Scottsdale a bunch of times and truth be told it's sushi. So really it's kind of a dime a dozen these days.  With that said. You need to have amazing service with amazing consistency in a bad economy.  I tried this the other day and yes the decor is snazzy and I'm glad there's an alternative to ZEN 32, but sadly stingray is not an AMAZING replacement to Ayako of older Biltmore days. Stingray has some good dishes, but there's nothing that blows my brain and makes me think HOLY CRAP I NEED THAT IN MY MOUTH AGAIN QUICK.  The food is ok, and the service is attractive yet lack luster (sometimes a little enthusiasm will make me order MORE). This is just ANOTHER stylish sushi place.  I need substance vs fluff. Something different that's not part of this homogenized culture that Arizona LOVES so much.  For sushi I'll go to Sakana, Yasu, Hana, Roka Akor, even Zen 32. But that's just me.YIKES! Just heard Zen 32 closed....
3	Not bad,  nothing special though
3	Very cool atmosphere, good food and drinks, but the service was just ok.  They seemed to be bothered that customers were there.
2	Okay :)... several months after I posted my review on Stingray Biltmore I recieved an email from one of their partners!  He offered me a $50.00 gift card and said he felt the problems I had experienced there had been rectified.  I, being a believer in 2nd chances, took a few friends to Stingray in hopes of a better experience.  I must say that the service wasn't AS bad (and it was REALLY bad the first time) but it was not great, and our bartender/server (as we sat at a booth in the bar) was definitely absent minded.  HOWEVER, the fact that one of their partners cared enough to take the time to read and respond to my email says a lot!!  If for nothing else, I can respect that and had to up the stars a bit.  I do think one of the partners or owners should find a way to eat there unnoticed, so they would recieve the same service as everyone else is actually getting there.
4	Aaaallllll right.... I will come to the defense of Stingray.  It's not the best sushi i've ever had.  But it's certainly pretty good, especially for Phoenix.  The Cabo Blanco roll is very good for a fusion type roll.  Mexican flair on your sushi roll?!  Ole!  It's not the cheapest, but who the hell is looking for cheap sushi?  Honestly people... Do you really want the cheapest possible RAW fish? Think that through for a second...  Right, i thought not. The Biltmore location is convenient.  The decor is pretty cool.  The crowd is far better than the Scottsdale location.  I've never had a problem with the service and i've been there at least a half dozen times & i'm sure i'll end up there again for lunch sometime soon.   Give it a shot!
4	This place is an amazing place for timid to see what all the buzz is about sushi! I have been around the block w/ sushi. The fun thing about sushi is that its all about the rice and seaweed(nori). You don't have to eat raw fish, in fact my last visit i had a california roll sans the fake crab meat and enjoyed miso soup w/ a bowl of white rice. If you do eat fish, you can indulge in the different varieties (although no different than the usual sushi bar) of fish.  yellow tail is great, better spicy. The drinks are amazing too, but pricy. I'd suggest going at happy hour time and trying some of everything since it's half off.
3	I went here for lunch and its a cool place, totally like the decor. The service was good. My girlfriend got the lunch special with salad, soup, rice, and chicken. She loved it, I tried the chicken thought it was plain with no seasoning but cooked perfect and was moist and crunchy. I had them make me a sushi roll. It was very good but I thought it was small in size. If it was bigger I would have given 4 stars. The roll I had them make was shrimp tempura, cream cheese, jalapeno, topped with yellow tail. Overall I do like this place, sushi wise I have had better but I did like it. I will be back, glad to have a sushi place in this area!
2	First off they don't know how to trim hamachi - there was a piece of white, tough, inedible connective tissue running down the middle - DOWN THE MIDDLE - of the hamachi in the case.  And it ended up in the middle of my spicy hamachi roll!!!  Luckily the "chef" forgot I also ordered hamachi sushi.  If you don't know what parts go in the trash and which part goes to the customer - you're not a Sushi Chef!!!I sat at the sushi bar, watching the sushi chefs fight with the kitchen chefs - trying to get tempura shrimp and shrimp heads.  After over 10 minutes a sushi chef went into the kitchen trying to get the shrimp heads - someone in the kitchen threw hot food at him, hitting him in the head!!!  All this in view of the seats at the sushi bar.To his credit the sushi chef repeatedly tried to get someone to get me a beverage, fix my check for an item not received and get someone to take my payment.  He repeatedly notified the manager in the kitchen, but the manager couldn't get his employees to perform.If there was ever a restaurant where it is clear that the owner is never there - Stingray is it.  Nobody in this place gives a damn about quality or service.  The kitchen manager is ineffective and not respected.  The staff is untrained and unprofessional.
3	I love this restaurant just not this particular location. I went here on wednesday for happy hour and it was super busy! We were seated faster than expected but the food took 50 minutes to get to the table! Overall I'm not the fan of this location but the sushi never disappoints!
5	Had some killer sushi for lunch at Stingray today!The Crunchy Spicy Tuna Sushi is totally different than any where I have experienced it.  A well seasoned really combined tuna mixture sits atop a crispy rice rectangular tasty amazing thing!  You must order this...very special.The Spyder Roll was super fresh and a nice big portion.Shrimp Tempera Roll was delicious as well.The atmosphere was fun and the service was speedy and friendly.  There were so many choices that sounded fabulous on the menu and we look forward to going there and experiencing many more items!
3	We came here for lunch today and what a gorgeous day it was! Perfect weather to sit outside in their comfy chairs. We started with the fried calamari which is always a must when we go out to eat. I am cuckoo for fried calamari but I gotta say I wasn't diggin this one. Neither was my husband. It was the calamari steak strips amd was chewy. The sauce it came with was good, almost spicy aioli. I ordered a Philly roll ($6) w/ avocado which was okay. I don't know why but it tasted bland to me today...maybe just my tastebuds. My husband ordered a roll with halibut, spicy crab and pico de gallo on top ($12). I thought it was okay and tasted like ceviche. My husband liked that aspect but I am pretty traditional with my ceviche and do not want it in a sushi roll. We also split their spicy tuna on crunchy fried rice ($10) that I really liked. I think that was because the Puerto-Rican in me liked crunchy rice. Weird, I know. Overall, I liked this place but can't say it has differentiated itself that I HAD to come back. I am truly ambivalent but could easily stop in if I was shopping in the Biltmore. It has a very convenient location so you can get your sushi fix after some retail therapy.
1	I've been here twice, once for the grand opening and once more recently.The first time everything went pretty well and the restaurant would have received a 4 to 5 star rating.The last time I was there was with a party of 8.  We waited 45 minutes for a table after being told the wait would be 15.  The only reason we got the table so quickly was because we asked if something had come available - our buzzers hadn't gone off and no one had come to let us know something was available.We were put in a corner where we were quickly forgotten.  It took over an hour to get edamame and two medium sushi boats.  Once it came out we quickly ordered 3 rolls hoping they would be ready by the time the boats had finished.  An hour later they arrived.  An hour for three rolls.  In all we spent 3 hours at Stingray and probably 30 minutes eating.  The other 2.5 hours were spent waiting.  The restaurant is nice and the sushi is good but the service was so poor that I would not go back.Oh, and when the waitress finally showed up with the check she told us, out loud, that since we were a part of more than 6 (I think) that an 18% gratuity was included automatically.  That was a bit audacious.  Maybe she was just clarifying the bill but after her terrible service she is lucky that stop-loss policy is in place or her tip would have been tiny.
5	The sushi here was great! The yellowtail sashimi was excellent - morning dew roll was exceptional. Service was a little slow and prices a little steep but overall an amazing place to eat when shopping at biltmore
4	The first time I went was not good.  They seem to have found their stride, however, and that is water under the bridge.One of the best happy hour menus around, for real for real.  The prices are great and the selection is good.  It is ALWAYS very busy during happy hour, but don't even bother on Fridays.  It's jam-packed with tarted up Scottsdale flotsam and the servers are frazzled beyond belief and prone to forgetting your drinks.  Everything here is good, except for the crunchy spicy tuna roll, which seems to be a Stingray original.  And it is original...but strange, and a big fail in my opinion.  The moto-rolla (or something like that) roll is BEYOND. JUST BEYOND. I think about it wistfully at least once a week.  Service depends...I almost always have the same girl, and she is the best waitress in the world.  Wish I could remember her name.  Badass Asian chick.  All of the other servers I have had have forgotten items and generally kind of sucked.Oh and the interior is pretty cool.  I am mesmerized by the huge silver fish behind the bar.
3	Sushi here is decent. It wasn't bad, but I've had better. The service was friendly and the decor was cool..the type of place you could hang out at for a drink since it is also a bar, as well. We tried the lobster tempura which was quite good and some other lobster tail dish. We also tried a variety of their specialty rolls. They were a good size and tasted fresh. Price is kind of high but you are probably paying a bit for the ambiance. Service was friendly and prompt. Might be a good place for a fun night out with friends but if I'm really craving some super good sushi, I'd probably try elsewhere.
5	Alright.Modern, sexy, comfortable.Christina, Dave, Chad=excellent bartenders. Personable, knowledgeable, legit.Come here and see for yourself.
5	Decided to have dinner here on Friday, Received the best customer service I've received in a while!  Jane was our waitress, she was soooo awesome, made sure we liked our food and drinks, was willing to let us exchange if we didn't like it.  We were also able to get complimentary samples of drinks!  Great time, when I go back I defintely hope Jane is there!
2	While the giant fish tank in the middle of the bar might blow you away, the sushi will NOT. The HH menu is pretty limited compared to other places I've been. There is a bigger selection of drinks than their is food. There isn't even any veggie rolls on the HH menu! I decided to try the Kimodo Dragon Cocktail. It was Bacardi Dragon Berry, muddled with strawberries grapes and basil, sounds good No? NO is right, it was sickening sweet with artificial strawberry flavor( think Strawberry Lip-smacker) and NO and I mean NO hint of the Basil whatsoever. Our waiter was a total Tool. He didn't bring us any water, He didn't bring us any Wasabi or Ginger, We had to flag him down for all of these things. He Never even asked us how we were doing. The Sushi was Cheap, price and quality. The rolls were loose and fell apart as soon as you picked them up. I mean it wasn't the worst sushi I've ever had but it was very generic and underwhelming.One of the rolls we ordered that was not on the HH menu was the Stingray roll, it was spicy crab with cucumber topped with cilantro and jalapeno and some sauce on the side. We were expecting something spicy. It was NOT. The sweet and sour sauce on the side did not help things, what was supposed to be cilantro and jalapeno looked and tasted like nothing more than chopped parsley and the "Crab" was actually "Krab" and they had the nerve to charge $11 for this. FAIL!
2	Trendy, good ambiance, but overpriced. Prices reflect the trendiness, not the quality of food. I am a vegetarian and ordered one of two veggie options, and taste-wise, it was "fair". Expected better taste for the price ($18 for stir fry).  They were able to seat our large party of 8, though.
2	Made a reservation for a party of 8 and on our way to the restaurant, I received a call from the location on scottsdale road confirming our reservation.  I explained that i was certain that i called the Biltmore location.  Once i arrived the Biltmore, they did not have a reservation and did nothing to accomodate our frustrated party of 8.  Won't be going back anytime soon.
3	If you are in the Arcadia/Camelback area this seems to be the only place now that Zen 32 closed.  I went there last night, my 2nd time since they opened.  I have been to the one in Old Town many times but will not go back since the last time we got food poisoning.  I do think this location is better, but still Stingray.  The sushi is good, not great, last night we hadCucumber saladDumplingsTempura VeggiesSalmonMackerelYellowtailStripped BassCouple hand rollsMotorola RollWere the juxtaposition happens is the server was so dam nice, but the food was a mess.  First we added avocado to the hand rolls and they came out with no avocado, we were brought a side of it - but still charged.  Just not the same when it is not made with it.I did order 1 more order of salmon and it took 30 mins to get, we had already paid the bill cut our losses and were getting ready to leave when the order appeared.  Overall the place is not bad by any means.  Just it lacks what many other places have.Decor is nice - very modern and still has the orange color theme, there is an awesome fish tank in the bar and the bar area is way bigger and much more accommodating.  The outside area is one of the best in the valley, lots of outdoor space to sit and drink.  I think it is a great place to hang out and enjoy happy hour, the food is consistent - Just don't expect the best.
3	The place is very modern and hip. This location stays busy since it is at the Biltmore Fashion Park Mall. This was my 3rd time dining at this location. They always seem to have a wait of about 20 mins which is not bad. This time I got lucky and got a seat at the bar. There were 2 bartendars, 1 runner, and 2 bar backs but the service was slow. This time I did not order Sushi I ordered nothing but appetizers. It seem to take a while for the appetizers to come out and two 5 items that I ordered did not come out at the same time. I ordered Green Tea, Skewers, Rice, Tempura Veggies, Egg Rolls and Pot Stickers.  The bartendar admited he forgot about them as he apologized. It took a loooooooong time to get my bill. The food did not taste bad it just was a weird night at the bar. The bartendars were to into their side duties (cleaning glasses) then worrying about the customers. It was a Saturday night around 8pm so I was surprsied they were more concerend about cleaning.
4	Have eaten here many of times while in town for business.  Each time was at the bar so I really can't speak to the restaurant section experience.  The food is great, that bartenders are a lot of fun and the atmosphere is perfect for date, catching up with the guys, or pre-gaming before heading out.  I hear the Happy Hour is a treat.  Half-off apps and drinks!
5	Just like some others have said, the word that comes to mind is Sexy... i actually like this place a lot. Very nice and fancy and not as expensive as you would think. I believe in quality and price going together but this place is surprisingly reasonable. Valet and validation available, curteous staff, great sushi, great bar... it is very good.
4	Had a lovely Sunday lunch.   All of the staff were super friendly and attentive.  We shared two different sushi rolls.  Both were delicious.  A firework display of tastes.   Super miso soup and tea as well.  Great architecture and ambiance....including the driving music.
3	While the happy hour prices are friendly, this place is simply not for me. The "scene" was very "wannabe hipster," to a laughable extent. I was here with some coworkers, but would never visit this place on my own time. The wait for a table was absolutely ridiculous and he cocktail waitresses were complete snobs. The bartenders, however, were very friendly.
2	We Were on our way to seasons 52 (which is amazing btw), and decided to try stingray sushi instead. Big mistake. Waited for ten minutes after being seated with no greeting. Folks came to sit behind us and they were greeted almost immediately. Needless to say we decided to just leave and head back to seasons. The hostess blamed it on the waitress being new. I asked to speak to manager but he was busy and we didn't want to wait. Sad and pathetic first experience at this place for customer service. Not sure I'll be back to actually taste their food. Good luck stingray and hope you enjoy bad reviews from people who eat out a lot. (update- manager called me and apologized so i increase to 2 stars)
3	It's lovely, comfortable and, like sushi in the Biltmore has always been, ever so slow. Our waitress was so obviously not interested in the tasks at hand that our mood was eventually affected by it too.
5	Miso happy.Miso love Biltmore Stingray.Miso love our lovely server.Miso LOVE the open decor, the soothing colors and the comfortable furniture. Miso happy.Miso love the Miso, the yellowtail nigiri, the dragon roll, the spicy tuna roll...miso can't even remember all the yummy sushi goodness I engulfed.Miso ready to go back.Miso happy!
3	Good sashimi a bit high priced how ever all the fish I had was fresh and well served.  I have been three times and each time had a good experience.
3	Completely average in every way. Average ingredients, no chefs and small selection of deserts available from your grocer's frozen section.
4	I go to this sushi place on an insanely regular basis - not only for dining in but also to-go. It's a super easy place to get to in the Biltmore area with ample parking not only in the free lot, but the lot that provides 2 free hours with a token. Their sushi is pretty legit - I know that there's a few places around town that are better, but this place is pretty easy to get to, great atmosphere, and decent prices. Their spicy tuna is one of my favorites in the universe. Or just the state - but still. I always thought the quality of the rolls were pretty awesome. Great date restaurant - an upscale atmosphere, but try to sit outside or in the booths - as the tables are sat way too close together for a private conversations in the dining room. However, if you sit at the bar you get complimentary edamame and miso soup.For the most part, you get served in a reasonable amount of time. I've only had to wait for a long time a few different times, and the server was very apologetic. Overall the serves are very well-versed in sushi and saki and can be a really helpful resource. Also, awesome bathrooms. Which, of course, I always have to comment on. Last tip; Try the sparkling sake that comes in a pink bottle. Perhaps my favorite sake ever made.
3	i still miss Zen 32!  i really like the vibe insides but everytime i go for sushi at stingray my pocket book is much lighter and i leave wanting more and better.  the deck that they put in is freaking amazing and they have a pretty good HH.
3	Stingray is a beautiful restaurant with a beautiful staff, but for some reason, the food just doesn't drive me crazy.I have been here several times, most recently for happy hour, and each time I have had a very attentive server or bartender. As far as the staff goes, they definitely get 5 stars. There isn't a bad seat in the house, and the outside bar is AMAZING. Such a great place to sit in Arizona's beautiful spring weather. The happy hour is pretty awesome, I will definitely be back for happy hour with my girlfriends soon.However, I am not blown away by the food. Maybe it is because I am just starting to really dive into seafood, but the sea bass that I had there was pretty yuck. The sushi is okay- I have to get it with soy paper, because seaweed freaks me out, so I know it is difficult for sushi to stay together when soy paper is substituted. But I don't know, something about the food is just missing for me.
3	Stingray was pretty good, but lacking in a couple areas... but what was good was good enough to give them another try.Starting with the food we had:  the grouper cheek appetizer with Asian mushrooms was absolutely scrumptious.  Never had food served over mashed potatoes in a sushi place but this dish worked.  The fish melted in our mouths, the mushrooms had that nice bite you get from dried shrooms, and the sauce was savory and satisfying.  Next:  Recovery Roll, something they say the proceeds go to the Japan quake relief effort.  I'm not big on rolls but this one was very nice, spicy tuna is the star and the supporting cast makes this a good roll for the money.  and YES!  Toro was available, pricey at $19 but the fatty tuna was sensational.  What surprised us was that they were out of Ama-Ebi (shrimp w/ heads) and Uni (urchin), two staples of any sushi feast.  really disappointed. Server was personable and friendly, but occasionally inattentive.  Request for water was forgotten, and request for water refill was forgotten.  probably the weakest part of our experience.Decor is beautiful and comfortable, and I disagree with the poster who said the inside tables are too close together... that encourages interaction with other diners which I love when dining out for sushi.So I will go back, but if the "sorry we're out of that" theme persists, it will be the last time... please keep the water topped off...
4	When I get a craving for sushi and want to stuff my face, I go to Stingray!  Why?  It's a great deal for good food.  Note: this is ONLY the Happy Hour.  At all other times I would be a irked by the prices for standard sushi-fare.  But, at Happy Hour I can get full-sized special rolls and their delicious crispy spicy tuna sushi for $5 or less each.  The only roll I wasn't happy with was the Shrimp Tempura.  The shrimp tempura wasn't very crunchy, giving the impression it had been surrounded by the moist roll for a while, and the other filling was that fake krab stuff which was also a little dry.  Other than that their sushi is fine.  The Happy Hour menu is also very broad, with a variety of appetizers.  I love love love the seaweed salad.  They have good drink deals, too.  I usually get the beer (huge Japanese bottle) +sake for $5.  But, stay away from the cocktails.  They look delicious.  They sound delicious.  But, stay away!  I've tried maybe half of them, and to be honest none of them were good.  Some were even bad.  The rose one looks like it'll be amazing, but it basically tastes like soda water with cheap, cloying rose flavoring.  It was a struggle to finish it.  At least they make them pretty strong.  Or stick with beer and sake and you'll be a-ok.  Parking is surprisingly convenient.  You can park right in front of the restaurant and get a yellow token that they'll validate for you.  The staff is friendly, but it does get really crowded during happy hour (you'll probably have to wait for a table if you get there any time after 4:45).  So, ordering water and more food may be a bit of a struggle, but as long as you keep an eye out and don't hesitate with the "excuse me!"s then you should be fine.  It's a really nice location and the decor is relaxed and stylish, and very new-looking.  If you can sit outside it's lovely to lean back in their cushy chairs and revel in the sushi-delicious just consumed.  Even if you can't get an outside seat they open the floor-to-ceiling windows so the whole restaurant feels open.  It's a great date spot as it doesn't get as crazy and loud as Sapporo, and it looks more stylish than the other tastier sushi restaurants.  Plus, you can walk around the Biltmore Fashion Park afterwards.  Stingray isn't the best sushi in town and their dreadful cocktails definitely pull their food down to 3 star quality, but they've got a great Happy Hour and a great ambiance with that delicious seaweed salad and spicy crispy tuna so I'll give them 4.
4	Stopped off at Biltmore Mall to get a bite to eat after my big iphone ordeal.  I have a new phone now so all is good, but it is surprisingly stressful to be without a cellphone even for a few HOURS. Yes, I'm that addicted to being on the grid.  Anyway.....This is one of those fancy looking places sushi places where their location at the Biltmore mall is more of a plus than a detraction.  It's billed as a sushi place and indeed the sushi chefs I encountered all seemed to know their stuff. I sat at the sushi bar so I could hear then talking to the other customers about sushi selections and recommendations. Tip: if you eat at the bar you get complimentary miso soup and edamame. The cilantro in my miso soup was a nice surprise. I usually like more traditional Japanese tastes, but I can appreciate a little kick now and then. I was there early afternoon/evening and had a server who was in training. I had to have her re-do the check twice. The first mistake had and extra roll that I had not ordered.  And the second mistake was completely wrong, but at a 50% discount. I just want to pay what I'm supposed to pay so I called her attention to the bill a second time.   Aside from the those snafus, she was attentive  but she must have been really, really green as her nervousness was apparent. That's ok, everyone needs to start somewhere and she, at least, was trying smile a lot even though I'm sure she must have been stressed out.  The sushi chefs though rocked and I had a good time. I find that if I need to dine alone if I'm out on business, sushi bar is the perfect place. If I'm back in Scottsdale anytime soon, I'm sure I'll go back to Stingray again.
5	Great service and great sushi. Toro is by far the best in the valley. Happy hour is one of the best I have ever encountered in the Valley. Service in wonderful as well. All of the waitresses that I have had have been more than helpful and friendly. After traveling throughout Asia and living in Southern California, I know good sushi, and the sushi at Stingray Biltmore is WONDERFUL. Tip: Don't forget to top off your meal with a chocolate cake! and the Patio is INCREDIBLE
4	This is a great place to come with a date. The sushi is very fresh and the staff is very knowledgeable and over all a great place to dine. They have some specials that are pretty good.
5	Happy hour till 7.  $6 specialty drinks (recommend raspberry and roses) and $3 to $5 Sushi rolls special featured item: Recovery roll $12 (probably one of the best rolls I have ever had anywhere) with proceeds to support Japanese people  recover from the catastrophe and the thousands of people that remain homeless.  Great service, food, and drink. Dont forget 2 hour free parking just have your token validated by your server.
1	Ok, so my reference point is Little Tokyo in L.A.  I ordered an ahi salad and a Soporo.  Trying to do the healthy thing.  The salad simply didn't have flavor and was over priced at $15 and my beer was $10!  But I can live with this..maybe it costs more to transport to the AZ.  Like whatever, im a grown up.What killed me though was the service.  My salad was forgotten..but ok it happens....but it still arrived before my beer! Which I had to ask about.      So..the waitress finally checks on me then I ask her for the check...to get things going I just hand her my credit card.  And sigh, you can guess the rest.  After 15 min  i have to walk up to the register to settle. RrrrrrrrrrrrPositives is that this place is a magnet for cute girls, which at least can take your mind to a happy place while waiting in purgatory. Also the manager followed up quickly.So next conference I will stick with the hotel restaurants which have been good thus far and fair prices.
3	The sushi at Stingray is good, you get great quality food with a good quantity.  For my boyfriend and I we walked out STUFFED with a bill less than $35.  The service was just ok, they forgot one of the items that we ordered but it wasn't much of a big deal, but the mini "tude" from the waitress was more annoying than anything.  Other than that, I'm sure we'll be going back.
2	The Summer Time Roll is a deliciously refreshing roll and the highlight of the evening. The Godzilla Roll is super chunky so bring a big mouthed companion with you and it is big in price, too. I would pass on the Crab Roll. Salmon nigiri tasted fresh and the portions were reasonable.  The Karatumba sake was good, as well. So why the two stars? Mostly it was based on service and the fact that Uni was not present (just like many other sushi restaurants in town). It took well over 5 minutes after being seated for the server to come around and introduce herself and take our drink order.  It was not a busy night.  Throughout the whole evening our server only took one empty dish back to the kitchen.  I am fully aware that in some restaurants there are "servers" and there are "bussers" but I think servers should communicate with their bussers if the servers are less inclined to bus their own tables.  I understand that some servers want their bussers to work for their tips if the servers are "tipping them out."  We were left with empty plates at our dinner table for the whole evening.  Our server constantly asked us if we needed more to drink and we might have been more inclined to stay and order more drinks if our table had been bussed.   Earlier at throughout the dinner, when we asked for soy sauce she grabbed the soy sauce container from an unbussed table that was dripping sloppily with sauce on the outside of the container. Later, because she chose an easy solution, we quickly ran out of soy sauce and she actually had to go inside the kitchen and bring us a filled, clean container. Overall, the impression we received is that of a lazy server.We most likely will not go to Stingray again unless it is for a quick bite of a Summertime Roll.
3	Was not expecting much from a sushi spot in AZ and if one of our friends wasn't about to take the 9 month no sushi ban to have a kid we probably would have kept driving.  This place is really nice inside and has plenty of patio seating also.  The service was great and the food was not phenomenal but decent.  The lollipop sushi was refreshing and fresh but most of the menu was a little on the steep side price wise.  Good location, which is what brought us in being front row at some open air shops.  If you have to eat sushi in AZ then Stingray is a viable option, being open later than most other spots helped also!
4	Great quality sushi, very fresh.  Comfy outside seating and awesome drinks.  Loved the green one, envious romance.  We sat at the sushi bar and got comp edamame and miso soup.  Kevin the sushi man behind the counter did a great job!
2	This place reaffirms my philosophy that, when eating with a group, sampling is deadly. But I'll get to that later. Right off the bat, I liked the decor, but I've also been going to school in Tucson for the last 4 years sooo... I'm easily impressed. If only the food could mirror the wonder of the interior design. I ordered the Katsu Bento which was overcooked to the point where it resembled shoe leather, and I ended up giving away two pieces of my sashimi since there were no substitutes and I was really only craving salmon sashimi. Obviously, I was disappointed. I did try my mom's grouper and mushroom appetizer which was piled high on a bed of mashed potatoes, and it was freaking bomb! As in, taste bud explosion! Oh yes, gotta love that I'm-going-to-be-salivating-over-someone-else's-lunch-the-entire-time-because-theirs-is-way-better meal! See, sampling is deadly.I also ordered the mochi dessert which I assumed was ice cream mochi. Ah, silly me - why didn't I automatically know that "Mochi" meant sherbet mochi? It was kind of gross and weird as I am not a fan of sherbet, but if that's your thing then go for it.
5	The happy hour, M-F, 5-7pm is the best sushi value in the city.  All of the sushi was great for the price.  I would not recommend the tempura unless you are a fan.  Overall happy hour, A+.
4	I'm not a sushi expert, and I rarely eat actual sushi (mostly California rolls), but my rolls were fresh and flavorful. The more adventurous at my table gave the sushi good reviews. However, the stars of the show are the Stingray specialty drinks. These are some of the best drinks I've had in Phoenix.  The Summer Sumo and Japanese Tease were excellent. I recommend going at happy hour as the prices are great, but get there early because only patio seating was available when we got there at 5pm on Friday. I would definitely recommend Stingray and will be checking out the Scottsdale location next.
4	I am addicted to Stingray. The sushi here never fails and the happy hour is incredible. Maybe I'm a bit biased because all of my favorite rolls are on the HH menu, but shoot 2 people getting stuffed for under $20 is legit! Reading through other reviews I see that Stingray has lost a couple stars due to the service. I would say don't let that discourage you from coming in! I've experienced it myself... the only time I get amazing service is when my old roomie is working or when I go in to eat with her. But when she's not around I always find the hostess to be awkward and the servers to be very inattentive! One time our server never came to our table so we had to refill our water glasses with our son's baby water.... yeah pretty annoying, but i'll risk having a bad server for amazing sushi.
4	is nice for a relax date or get together with ur friends... is laud so u must scream a lil bit to be heard HA... sushi is very nice, drinks r so good, the service is also good. good looking placein the week days, from 4-6 sushi/alcohol happy hr... damn is nice... but be prepare it gets packed and is a long way waiting, so get there early to be sit at 4....
4	Alright , now This is a BAR! whoo hoo.We decided to stop here as we waited until our reservations at another restaurant and walked up to the bar. Scene- Walking in your overwhelmed with bright reds, loud music and the hustle and bustle, in a good way. Very active social bar scene.We didn't eat on this visit, but having been here before I can tell you the eats are on point and always fresh.Staff- The bartenders were very interactive and talkative . I asked about some interesting bottle that drape the back walls that I was unfamiliar with and they were more than happy to spend some time to talk and explain what they were and what drinks they are in, even though it was busy.Overall, a great drink spot.
4	When I was there, my friends and I actually watched a break up in action.  It was pretty sad.  Aside from that, it was a great experience.  I love their drink menu.  Lot's of fresh great options.  I had spice tuna rolls, and they were also very yummy.  This is a definite go to place with the ladies for saturday afternoon happy hours!
3	joined a group of friends for happy hour, service was slow and wait staff seemed flustered and unorganized. a friend's sushi order was wrong and they seemed upset we weren't willing to take on the check of someone who had left earlier we really didn't know. They also added gratuity and the waitress didn't bother to mention it to a friend that was obviously leaving an additional 20+%. We did enjoy an outstanding noodle dish w scallops.
2	Never. Again. *hork* I have been to this location a couple of times. My friends LOVE this place, and I really wanted to at least like it. But here I sit typing out my review and fighting the urge to double over the trash can at my desk. I can't remember the last time I felt so sick! A few things about last night's dinner stand out...as negative. But I'll start with the positive, which bumped the review up from 1 star to 2. POSITIVE: Our waitress was very friendly and chipper. NEGATIVE: But alas, it was not enough. We ordered edamame, 4 rolls and a couple of sake bombers...um...but the "shot glass" was too big to fit in the glass...so that no worky. The waitress asked if we wanted everything to come at once or if she should bring them out as they were prepared...we chose the latter... 1) we never got our edamame, 2) it took 30 minutes before the first roll came out (with no wasabi or ginger??), the next 2 rolls took an additional 30 minutes, and the 4th roll was about 5-10 minutes after that... 3) the spicy yellowtail (roll #3) had obviously turned, it smelled like bad fish, which I unfortunately didn't realize until it had already made it's way into my mouth...I felt instantly sick and haven't been right since then, which means I didn't even get to enjoy a taste of the 4th roll because I didn't trust it anymore. POSITIVE: She took the yellowtail off our bill...which seems like it would be a no-brainer, but you never know these days. NEGATIVE: No apology for serving us bad fish, and no acknowledgment from the mgr on duty, which should be standard operating procedure at a restaurant. Also, the acoustics are not conducive to having any sort of conversation. The music was at a decent level, but for some reason, the place is just REALLY loud. And finally, and this is just a matter of personal preference, I'm not a fan of the seating arrangement. It's set up in a way so that you are rubbing elbows with other parties and unable to avoid being all up in their kool-aid... POSITIVE: For the moment, I'm still alive (which feels like a negative right now, but I'm hoping that this current wave of nausea will be the last).
5	Went here yesterday for a fun lunch with a group of people I work with.  We tried SO many things on the menu it was unreal.  I was full for like 8 hours after.  Anyways, I HIGHLY recommend Stingray Sushi.  When you try it for yourself, I personally recommend the Shrimp Shumai and potsticker appetizers, the Lava Roll, the Stingray Special Roll (both have a little spicy kick to them), the caterpillar roll (can't go wrong with avocado), and we also sampled the cheesecake, this delicious chocolate cake and the ice cream wrapped in tapioca.Wow, re-reading what we all ate makes me feel full again!!  One of my friends insisted that we try EVERYTHING we wanted... so there you have it!  I love Stingray Sushi... Not a fan of Tyger L's review... Just sayin'
4	AWESOME HAPPY HOUR!!!! My family and I make a trip to Stingrays about once every 2 months, and we always go during happy hour.  Good sushi, rolls, drinks, and even stuff for my 2 little ones that don't enjoy seafood. They have great seating indoors and outdoors, a nice bar, and we enjoy ourselves weather its a family trip or time for just me and the hubby. I would definitely recommend this location.
1	I have to say, I have not been impressed with most of the food I have had at the Biltmore Fashion Park and Stingray Sushi did not disappoint.  One of the worst meals and dining experiences I have had, at least in regard to sushi.  Where do I start?  Do I start with the server who helped us at the sushi bar?  She took our drink order but unfortunately it never came so we just had water which in the end was a good thing since the food did not have much flavor.  I did not think it was that tough to serve up a Coke and a beer but it proved to be a request beyond their ability.  From there it went down hill.  My two hand rolls were loosely rolled and almost fell apart as I ate them.  In addition, there was little to no flavor.  Then came the 9-11 roll and that was pretty good, though for the money it was not a lot of food.  Next my Chilean Sea Bass came and it was definitely overcooked.  I could have sent it back but at this point I just wanted to get the meal over with and leave.  What followed was the clincher that sealed the deal and allowed me to call this the absolute worst sushi I have ever had.  The last roll I had was the spider roll.  Anyone who has had a spider roll knows that it is made with soft shell crab.  Well my spider roll had plenty of shell but it certainly lacked the crab.  I have had lots of soft shell crab made many ways and hands down this was the worst.  I could never recommend Stingray Sushi at the Biltmore to anyone unless you have no clue what sushi should be.  Eat at your own peril.  If you want better sushi than what is served at Stingray, just go to your local market.  Yes, the sushi is that bad there.
4	I've been here 6 times from when they opened.  The first time; was a couple weeks after they opened.  Fell in love with the Crispy Spicy Tuna; only drawback was that the soy sauce (had a lovely floral note to it; come to find out it the soap had not been rinsed out); oh well it happens.  Every since then had a great experience there...From Crispy Spicy Tuna (have to order it every time) to the drinks (love the Geisha a-go-go); the sushi is good, the happy hour is great; have had everything to eat on the happy hour menu...Will be back...
3	The only reason that I am giving this 3 stars, is because although the sushi was just good, I don't think it was anything special, and it's kind of expensive!  It was definitely good, but I've eaten at places that were better and less expensive.  My husband did order some noodle dish and said it was the best he ever had.  Our server was very nice and attentive though!  Would I ever come back here?  Probably not...again, it's just nothing special!
1	LIVE FLIES HAVE NOW BEEN ADDED TO THE BEST SUSHI IN PHOENIX! AND THEY ARE NO EXTRA CHARGE! Plus: the best dessert I've ever had in a sushi restaurant!I went to Stingray for an early dinner on Saturday. We were seated in the main dining room. I ordered my usual plum wine and a Sapphoro Beer plus some edamame. The waitress brought everything and we noticed 2 or 3 flies trying to get to our food. We kept swatting at them in hopes that the flies would leave. I finally called the waitress over. She was wonderful as I've found all the waitresses at stringray to be. I aske for the manager. The table next to us and 2 other tables all heard me and they complained about having flies all over their food. The manager came out. I should have gotten his name but I was so flabbergasted by his terrible attitude tha I forgot to ask him his name. He disnt say he was sorry. He proceeds to tell me how stingray follows all of the legal requirements for spraying etc. Then he said: "is summertime. This is the time of the year with lots of flies." I then told him that I've never been in a high class restaurant like stingray that was infested with flies all over the 5 tables with people sitting around us and our table. He tried to tell us that it was normal in Phoenix restaurants and that he followed all the rules and that there was nothing else he needed to do! THEN HE WALKED AWAY!!KEEP IN MIND THAT IM NOT TALKING ABOUT ONE OR 2 FLIES!! IM TALKING ABOUT 5 TABLES WITH AT LEAST 2 OR 3+ FLIES ON EACH TABLE!!The waitress asked us if we wanted to move...but then she sorta laughed and said there wasn't any tables without flies. I left her a 30% tip because she handled everything wonderfully with a smile under terrible circumstances! PLUS...SHE TOLD US ABOUT HER FAVORITE DESSERT. It sounded disgusting when she described it: 5 round dumplings covered with dough over ice cream. Sorta like a bon bon! THEY WERE AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS! although the person I was with only let me have one! She at the other 4!
4	This is by far my favorite stingray. It has a great atmosphere, good drinks, and good food. We went there on a Friday night and it was pretty slow. We sat at the bar and had excellent service. Our bartender was superior and did a great job not only making us drinks but also making conversation. The sushi was pretty good. The flavors were different and worked well together. The salmon sashimi was fresh and delicious.I have to say I would go back here any day of the week. The experience is really what sold me and I felt like we were the only ones there. Great service really made this a superior experience. This is my favorite of any of the Stingray locations, love it!
2	Food was just ok. The quality of the rice was not great and the tuna was just average.
4	Loved this place. Service from Jane was awesome. Tried 8 or 9 rolls and all were great. The rock shrimp app was awesome!
2	Service is very, very slow. Skip it if you are on any type of a schedule or have anywhere to be in the next two hours. You will wait for ages for food to appear. Today, I walked out after 50 minutes of waiting for the sushi to arrive. That wasn't a fluke, I've seen other customer walk out. Tried to send them an email about their slow kitchen service, the email got bounced. So here I am on Yelp!
1	I wish there was a way to give zero stars.  Went here with a group of friends and the staff refused to give us an additional chair despite the fact that there were several open chairs throughout the restaurant.  When I finally went to grab an open chair the host literally pulled the chair out from under me.  I have never been treated so bad in my life. Rude staff. Will never go here ever again.
4	Sushi and birthdays go hand-in-hand. I returned to Phoenix just in time to hang out with my friends for my birthday and they took me here. This place gets packed during happy hour for their half-priced sushi rolls and great drink specials. Stingray is a beautiful restaurant in a high-class location. The patios are spacious and there is a lot of seating indoors too. The sushi is well made and I will return...however, during happy hour. The prices jump up and the place gets empty once happy hour is over.
5	Stingray has THE BEST sushi happy hour. Delicious Vegas and Dragon rolls for $5 each. Sit at the sushi bar, the sushi chefs are super nice and you get complimentary miso soup and edemame.
4	I prefer the sushi here above most other sushi places in town like Ra, or Kona. Tastes fresh, creative rolls, tasty drinks, great environment for happy hour with coworkers, or a fun date. Good deals for happy hour, though the rolls I like the best never seem to be in special- boo!Tip- duh- sake bombs!Tip- the lollipop shaped sushi
3	Well hot dog..we missed happy hour! But i heard it was awesome!!Came here for dinner with my work folks, but I was the only one who ordered sushi!We had gyoza and spring rolls for the table and I ordered:1. Spicy Tuna Roll - Not bad, the spicy tuna roll is like a benchmark for me. The sushi rice was a pretty good texture, but the spicy tuna was not very spicy.2. Blanco Cabo (or something like that..) - This was a fancy roll. The fish was cut too small and rubbery..It was decent enough to make it through half the roll, but I just wasn't feeling it.3. Sake Nigiri - Not too bad on the Sake Nigiri...they didn't skimp too much on the fish..and tasted pretty fresh. There is something to be said about sushi restaurants that have more drinks on their menu than food... -____-;;
3	Its been a few weeks since I've eaten here..but its only now that I have time to write this long, overdue review.Hm...its upscale...kind of comparable to Mikuni's in Sac...but their menu is to some extent, smaller and less tasty.  I don't recall exactly what i ordered but...I wouldn't recommend this place to friends.  It was okay, nothing that stood out...and trust me, food, when its good...it sticks with me.  :)  Without further a due, edible but i would never crave for it again.
4	super awesome sushi. get the cucumber rolls, they're the bomb! also the rice wrap sushi is amazing. great service & fabulous food. the only reason they're not getting 5 stars is their bathroom was nasty, no toilet paper, just a kleenex box.
4	This is the best Stingray location IMO.The sushi is always fresh and the drinks are always delicious.
4	Great sushi and atmosphere!
5	Yummy sushi and drinks.
5	I love this location.  The atmosphere is very chill and happy hour is fantastic!  I really love the The Vegas Roll and miso soup are great.
2	This is the perfect example of a time I wish there was a 'half star' policy. That doesn't happen to me very often as I'm rather opinionated and deliberate and honestly, in the interest of maintaining those qualities, I just can't give Stingray 3+ stars...so 2 it is. Where to begin.The food was fine...  Choosing to dine at a place like Stingray, I'm well aware of what I've signed up for. Meaning pedestrian, cookie cutter, 'safe' sushi, with lots of rolls covered in some form of mayo or sweet eel sauce. Nothing you can't douse in loads of wasabi soy sauce and call 'okay'.  Very RA-esque or Kona style stuff we're talking about here. I actually like that kind of easypeasy 'sushi' sometimes. Just bring me more wine so I can google eye at my fiance across the table and we're fine. That said, the experience was still severely lacking in many areas. Someone needs to tell the staff at Stingray that it's no longer 2004. Everything from the decor to the servers uniforms to their air of pretension screamed mortgage boom. A time when everyone thought they were millionaires in training, had $850 a month car payments, raging strip club habits and not a lick of common sense. Guess what guys, those days are long gone. The service was just plain not good. Think pretty and vapid. All style (though, honestly, there was no real 'style' going on) and no substance. What I can only assume was the manager dropped our check off and didn't  look in our direction or say a word. It was rude and weird, almost as if we should feel special to be ALLOWED to dine in their establishment. Our server appeared to be pretty young and I try to give a little leeway to the young and dumb but it was pretty evident that the young part was coincidental. She was a dolt, complete with eyes rolling around in her head like creepy little black marbles....ugh. How this girl has survived on the planet this long is beyond me, what with busy streets to cross and rohypnol availability and all. I dunno, the whole thing was just uncomfortable and strange. Luckily as soon as we walked out the door all was restored with the universe. It was 2011 again, we were all poor, people were still being foreclosed on and I was still 35...meh. Whatever, I was glad to be living in the present and I doubt I'll time travel via Stingray Sushi again anytime soon.
1	My fiance and I decided to go out for sushi last minute and decided on Stingray's Happy Hour. We sit at the sushi bar every other time we have been here and have always had decent service. This time was a completely different story. We asked to sit out back on the patio and take advantage of the 70 degree weather. Worst decision we made all day. Our waitress, whom we hadn't had the "pleasure" of meeting yet, was busy letting the customers behind us know she forgot to put one of their rolls in and it wouldn't be out for another ten minutes. After she left you could hear the disappointment as they talked about how good the food was, but the service was terrible. I knew this was gonna be a completely different experience than we were used to after hearing that.15, literally, 15 minutes later my waitress hasn't even acknowledged our presence and I'm getting rather parched. At one point I asked my fiance if this was a sushi buffet and we were just unaware. After the jokes about their service I took the menu up with our rolls marked off and kindly found the girl who seated us. I asked her if I was supposed to walk the menu up to the sushi bar myself and put my order in. Then I asked here where the glasses were for water so I could proceed to go pour us some water behind the bar. Needless to say it still took another five minutes to finally meet our server after the confrontation. From here on out it was smooth sailing and we had our little sushi rolls that we thoroughly enjoy. We discussed over dinner if I should say something to the "manager" or not and finally at the end decided a 15 minute wait in this type of industry is just unexplainable. So when the bill came I asked for the manager and he promptly came out and acknowledged that she only had 3 tables in her corner and there should have never been that long of a wait. I agreed, thanked him for understanding, and proceeded to pay my bill. He never offered to adjust it in any way and I decided since he wasn't adjusting my bill for his establishment's terrible service, I wouldn't adjust my tip to show the server any compensation for his lack of judgement. From now on, we will always sit at the sushi bar because it has never been a bad experience, I can see my rolls being made, and the sushi chefs are way more funny and sadly more competent than the rest of the staff.
3	I found sushi in a hopeless place :') I admit, the only sushi I really eat here is the sashimi in conjunction with their creative appetizers that keep me coming back. My absolute favorite is "Japanese-inspired" and most definitely Americanized - the Spiny Cheek Grouper. The fish is moist, tender, breaks away easily and sits on a bed of garlic mashed potatoes, which is then drizzled with a gravy that has hints of soy sauce, mushrooms, ginger, and sugar. The first bite is like an explosion, but it is an extremely savory dish; in fact, borderline salty, so make sure you balance it with a side of refreshing sashimi.Appetizers and drink items alike (though, not the sushi) are interesting and intriguing, so this is definitely a great spot for the adventurous samplers who also enjoy a nice ambiance. The decor is trendy and chic, as is the drink menu with orchids and fresh fruits that adorn the admittedly strong refreshments.  Lounge chairs outside also make it a great spot to relax and hang out over a good meal.This is a great location to grab a bite to eat, chat, and go shopping afterwards at the Biltmore shopping area.
2	They do have a great happy hour...if not for that I probably wouldn't bother.  We sat at the bar, ordered drinks and rolls and felt like we were just SO privileged for being allowed to dine there...wait, who's waiting on whom here???  If you think you're too good to be a server or bartender then get a different job...and it wasn't just one, it was ALL of them.
5	Spicy tuna roll $3.50!  I love Stingray! They have great food and an amazing happy hour.  I would highly recommend this place.  My favorite is the tuna , they also have a few chicken items for the non fish eater.  GO HERE!
1	The WORST sushi in my life. Too undercooked sushi rice (like long-stored bad grain), not fresh,smelly and dry fish (low quality). What should I say more? In my dinner menu, wine was only thing I could eat.
2	The food is fresh and well made, the atmosphere is okay, but reminiscent of a Scottsdale nightclub, and the prices are quite high. 3 rolls and 4 orders of nigiri was $96 with tax and tip. No drinks, just water. Same food with better prices can be found elsewhere.Side note - 10 minute wait with half the tables empty. WTH.
3	What's not to like?  Stingray does stylish sushi and happy hours just fine.  This is the only "chainy" sushi place that I will eat at.  I can't stand sushi at Kona or, god forbid Ra.  I have always found the sushi to be fresh tasting, especially the salmon skin roll, which for some reason, is absent in a lot of establishments.  One of my other favorites is the summertime roll, it's tuna and avocado delicately wrapped in soy paper which I love.  They also do a very adequate and lively happy hour where house drinks are half priced, and there is a nice variety of sushi rolls and apps that are between $3-$8, oh and sake bombers too! We went specifically for the fact that their happy hour lasts until 7pm, and they have a great patio.  We have always received attentive service, and when sitting at the sushi bar, you receive complimentary edamame and miso soup (although their version is kind of salty and not my favorite).  Friday the BF and I had 4 drinks, fried calamari, gyoza, 2 sushi rolls and salmon nigiri for $40.  Not bad, not bad at all.  The Biltmore location is where you will find me.
4	Ambiance was great, waitress was cute and helpful, the food was YUMMY...
3	Stingray is like almost every other sushi place in the Valley, which is to say it is high-priced for what you get and not especially impressive. It's become our default because it's close by and they have raw fish, but the fact that the Chipotle-esque How Do You Roll? is giving Stingray a run for its money on our sushi budget should say something. And not anything good.At the very least, go at happy hour. You'll feel better about your spending, and you'll leave sated.
3	In general, the sushi here is great.  The atmosphere and dining experience is excellent.  The raw sashimi needs improvement sometimes it's stringy and chewy and sometimes it's good.  Believe it or not, Hillstone across the street has better sashimi and the quality is always consistent.
5	The food and drinks are always excellent and the service is consistently good. The happy hour is a great value; you can mow on a ton of food and drinks for very little money.
5	I had lunch here with a large group of friends on their patio on a weekday around noon.  I am pretty sure we just beat the rush since it started to fill up quickly.  We were lucky we got a good spot.  Their patio dining is very comfortable with cuushioned wicker couches if you enjoy that type of seating.  They have a very modern look.  The inside of the restaurant is very beautiful also with vaulted ceilings and a feeling of openess to their modern look.The sushi was delicious and fresh tasting.  I recommend trying one of their rolls wrapped in cucumber with raw fish-very refreshing.I will definitely be going back here and I would like to try their other locations in the east valley as well.
5	Best happy hour!  Just keep bringing friends here!
4	Now I have never actually eaten at Stingray sushi for full price. I always go there for their incredible happy hour. Their happy hour goes from 3-7 with all of their specialty drinks on special as well as a bevvy of apps and sushi. My go to cocktail always seems to be a Skyy ginger vodka and soda. I have tried all of the specialty drink and I always go back to the Geisha a Go Go, Asian Blonde, and Kiwi Collins.As far as food goes, I keep coming back again and again for the awesome spring rolls, and spicy tuna rolls.I love the atmosphere of Stingray, I always get excellent service. Perfect place for an upscale happy hour!
4	Great sushi and excellent service. This is in a mall so it is kid friendly. They have some really good custom rolls. The crispy rice with spicy tuna is a must-try.
3	I have been to Stingray in Biltmore several times. First of all the interior design of this place is wonderful. Food always good, though the bento boxes I wouldn't recommend- lack of flavor. yesterday I was disappointed. My plate was dirty, I grabbed another plate from a table next to me - it was dirty too... a big turn off. I don't know if the person responsible for that  was late to work but I decided not to come back. At least for some time...
2	It's simply amazing how you can take a restaurant that has pretty good food, decent ambiance, and have the service people knock the rating from a four star to a two, but indeed, it happened tonight, and it happened at Stingray.My work buddy and I went to Stingray for the first time tonight.  The drinks?  Good.  The tuna rolls?  Very good.  The sashimi?  Excellent (though the portions were small and the saba portions ridiculously small.  I don't get that.)  So the food was decent.  Nothing to write home about.  Now, about the waitress and the busboy?  Obnoxious--as in "over the top."  If you read my other reviews you know I try to keep it positive and upbeat and I "try" for humorous, but when there's a problem, I say so.  So, onto Ms. Obnoxious.  My waitress, Jane (or so it says on my receipt) felt it was completely appropriate to interrupt our conversation six distinct and separate times, to ask us how we were doing and to see if we would order something else.  No "excuse me," no politely waiting for a sentence to finish.  Just bam, in your face.  Rude.  Just the fact that I got to the point where I was preoccupied enough by it to start counting ... well peeps, speechless over here.  Take a hike, Jane.  Jane had absolutely no consideration for the fact we were the customer and the she was intruding, and let me make this clear if you are reading this, Jane.  You were extremely invasive.  Tone it down.  Simply obnoxious.  Next, (again mid-conversation) someone else comes over to lower the parasol over our head.  This, as I came to find out, is anything but a trivial process.  It takes five+ minutes.  As I repeatedly ducked he narrowly missed my head head with the metal support to the parasol two or three times. I couldn't help wondering two things:  a) does this really have to happen now?  and b) what special gifts from above have landed on that parasol throughout the day that are now in my sushi?  Are you kidding me?  We're eating here, dude!.   And then there's the busboy, which as well-intentioned as I assume he was, was hell-bent on reaching between us to grab dishes, some of which had not been used yet. Wow.  All in all MAXIMUS inturruptus.  Now--to sum up ... no need to send sympathy cards.  My friend and I managed to have a wonderful time because it's what we do, and despite what were well in excess of a dozen individual and significant interruptions we had fun.   It's about the people you chose to hang with.  But back to Jane et al, I mean seriously, people, you gotta chill.  If for no other reason, think of your dwindling tip potential!  Next time I will take my order to go.  Just proved to me how over the years I have mellowed out, because a few years ago I have had the manager at my table.  To the people who visited our table tonight:  I hope you are never in a restaurant and receive the service we received while visiting yours.
4	Stingray has an awesome happy hour and it is not limited to just the bar area. You can enjoy half priced drinks and rolls in the entire restaurant until 7pm. I went there yesterday and tried the lemongrass infused vodka (yum) and had a bunch of different rolls and the calamari tempura. While it may not be the best sushi in town it is more than decent and cheap, cheap, cheap.Great place to meet up with friends after work, but expect it to be crowded as more people learn about the smoking deal on happy hour.
4	We requested the patio because we had a 1 year old with us and they told us we would have to wait 1/2 hour, but they called us within 10 minutes.  Nice comfortable couches at a very large table for just the two of us plus baby.  Very nice.They hand you a paper menu that you are supposed to number how many orders you want of their sushi.. but nobody told us that so we weren't quite prepared when the waitress came back. The other menu was a book full of Japanese foods (other than sushi) and drinks.Anyway, the sushi was fresh, the atmosphere was nice, but the prices are a little too high for sushi.. and the wine by the glass is less than half full for about $7 per glass for the cheapest (gross) house wine.  If you order from the regular menu you will find that you get a huge portion.. but really, most people want the sushi.Anyway, our service was very attentive considering how busy they were.  All in all I would come here again (when I'm feeling rich).
1	Sat. Night, we called ahead to see if reservations were required.  The girl on the phone said no, that the wait was only 5  minutes.  We were 5 minutes away, and on our way.  5 minutes later, we arrived. (4 adults, & 1 child). We are now told by that same girl there's a 45-50 minute wait.  We looked around and it didn't seem busy at all.  What changed in the last 5 minutes??No tourists bus just pulled up.  There were only 2 couples at the sushi counter, and just several tables.  The bar was busy, but that's not where we wanted to sit anyway.  And only 1 couple standing in the lobby, who said they didn't understand the wait times either.  They had been standing there for 30 minutes, watching group after group turn around and walk out after being told there wait was going to be long too.  That other couple that was waiting, walked out too.  We ended up having a great meal at another nearby restaurant with no wait at all, Stingray lost out on a lot of business. Horrible guest communications.
2	If you want pretty average sushi with pretty average service, this is your place.
3	This particular location is bigger than most and a hell of a lot busier! Get in there early because finding seating could be a challenge. Happy hour prices are good and the drinks were ok, but I swear the drinks were a smidge stronger at the other locations Oh well... did I mention GET HERE EARLY? Lol
5	People either love this place - or hate it. Personally, I love it. I think it is the best happy hour in town which goes later that most. Friends have complained about the lack of service but I have personally never experienced bad service.
2	I had heard from a few people that this was a pretty decent, especially if you are in the area, since Zen 32 is long gone. I went here for a quick takeout, a rainbow roll and two avacado rolls. I was told 15 minutes. I waited in my car out front and read a little. I went in 20 minutes later, still not ready. This was the middle of the afternoon and the place was dead. I ended up waiting 45 mins for my takeout, I could have just gone home and made dinner at that point. A manager was even standing there during all of this and didn't say a thing.The rolls themselves were ok, nothing spectacular. Whitefish can be difficult, I understand that, but this was a sad grey, about room temp, and not very good. The rest was ok. I won't be bothering with this place again. In all honesty, RA has better sushi, and thats sad.
2	My review is NOT about the sushi, happy hour, or drinks. Those three things were GREAT. My low review is about the service -- from the hostesses to the waitstaff (excluding the bartenders). I came in with a 10 person group to eat in the dining room. There were a myriad of ways that the hostess could have figured out a way to seat us despite one table they continued to complain about that had been there for "over 2 hours". While they waited for one specific table to leave, they seated at least 5 other parties at tables that could have been put together to seat my party. We ended up waiting for an hour rather than 20-30 minutes. Once we were seated, at two separate tables, the waitstaff continued the bad service of the hostesses. The waitress rarely came to our table. We were there for close to 2 hours partially because of the poor service. One person in our party never received the rice she ordered and the waitress often had to be reminded of what had been ordered and what was missing.After the two hours (three including the ridiculous wait) of poor service, one of the employees came over and asked us to "quiet down" in a very rude and disrespectful way. Luckily for the staff, our party was big enough to include gratuity because they deserved none of it. The only ones who deserved to get paid that day were the cooks and the bartenders. Oh, and I also watched two other small family tables wait 15-20 minutes for a waitress to return to take their paid check. At least the food was good...
4	I usually go to Sting Ray Sushi once or twice a month for their happy hour. The sushi is always fresh and the servers have always been really friendly. Sometimes the wait for food can be long and the rolls don't always come out at the same time. Their cabo blanco roll is one of my favorites!
4	Definitely come for Happy hour! Prices are amazing, sake bombers for $3...Great atmosphere and wait staff was incredibly nice and right on to all of our needs, didn't have to ask for a thing They were always spot on...Place gets crowded in the evening especially if you plan on sitting outside. I only wish there were one in Apollo Beach or Brandon!
1	another spot I went to that had a ton of flies and very little interest from staff to fix the situation...
1	Terrible rolls. The Dragon was so so. The California was bland and the Spicy Tuna was cat food. Seriously, it  looked like canned cat food and tasted horrible.
3	Such mixed reviews of this place. I've been for HH a few times. It was always so busy and crowded that I honestly don't remember the food. Was just there last week and got a table. The food was good. Not anything to glow about, but it was about what I'd expect. The place itself is really nice and in a great location. I still miss Zen 32 though,
1	Stingray Sushi is at it again--being tacky, that is. Their current ad-campaign is through tasteless Romney-supporting political signs. I can't tell if I'm disgusted more by their mixing politics with food or pretending to support politics for free advertising all over the streets.
5	Friday night Happy Hour is by far one of the best happy hours in Phoenix.  It's 3-7pm and the prices for suhi, tempura and cocktails are AWESOME.  It's definitely a people-watching place....as the crowd seems to change from week to week.  The deographics varies WIDELY which makes it totally fun.....there's people in suits, 20, 30 40 somethings, gay/straight, cougars, shoppers, out of towners...the list goes on and on.  Always a great vibe and friendly service.  Not to mention some of the best looking bartenders in Phoenix.  By 5pm the place starts to get crowded....and by 5:30pm its packed.  I would highly recommend this place for happy hour.
4	I have a name for post-work happy hour bliss, and it is Stingray Sushi. I can't believe all of the great food they have on special, and until 7:00pm!!!!I started with a Japanese Tease which, although delicious and refreshing with citrus vodka, green tea and lime juice, paled in comparison to TJ's Tokyo Stock Exchange (fresh basil with ginger vodka and lime juice) which was light and refreshing...could have downed these all night.We also imbibed on some fantastic food:-Seaweed Salad which was fresh and tasty-Calamari with Japanese aioli (I could have downed a large plate of this goodness   too)-Spicy Tuna rolls (on true fried rice...crunchy and delicious-Dragon rools (eel, crab and avocado)Top this deliciousness off with octopus nigiri, and las vegas rolls washed down with some $5 sake bombers and you've just had yourself a HELL of a happy hour. I managed to get out while I was still THIS SIDE of a drunken hot mess (which is usually what happens when I have sake bombers)I'm so glad we decided to come here, it was great food at really exceptional value in a very cool, hip atmosphere. I will be back soon. Happy hour at its unrelenting best!!!!
1	The sushi was so horrible that it was the first time I had to return sushi in my entire 15 15 year sushi history. It is truly not a sushi place they are in a awesome location and I believe it gets a great deal of business because of location not taste.
3	Boo! Sadly my update this time around was not a BIG hit! I have to give this restaurant kudos for good food but the time to get the food is not the best. A friend of mine and I dined here two days ago for dinner right before happy hour ended. So the two minute rule for a server to greet you was not the case this time. Luckily we made it in time to place our order to get the super happy hour pricing but once we sat down we had plenty of time to identify what we wanted, review other food from surrounding tables and do some small talk by the time we were waited on. When our server finally reached us we placed our food order when we ordered our drinks. We had hot green tea along with some hot appetizers and sushi. Our tea came out quick along with our appetizers which was the Chicken Yakatori. After eating the chicken and finishing up our second helping of green tea the waitress apologized for the wait. I understand Sushi takes longer and the restaurant was pretty busy inside and out though no waiting. It was immediate seating. But there were four people making sushi and we waited over 20 minutes after we were done with our appetizer. What is strange is my sushi was only a cucumber roll. With no complaints the server mentioned the manager had taken off our sushi since it took so long. As I mentioned the food is always good. They have a wonderful happy hour menu from food and drinks but this is defiantly a place that you need to plan on dining for a while. At least this is my experience from all of my visits.
3	The happy hour menu is nice. Its in the BIltmore so its a little more pricey than other places i've tried, but the sushi itself is always good. Since its close to home for me i usually make this my frequent spot with friends. Service is always good, everyone is pretty chill. The outdoor seating is my favorite its very comfortable especially when the misters are going.Nice place to be :)
1	after their failed bid for mayor I find it strange that they would run for president.
2	Ate at this place last night...Miso soup was good....Vegi Noodle dish in beef broth was horrible....this place is way over priced...I will not go back again.
4	Very nice atmosphere, especially now that it's cool enough for them to leave the tall windows open. The whole restaurant area feels open to the world. Very pleasant colors as well.We came for happy hour and the menu didn't disappoint. Good selection of rolls and sushi and various non-sushi dishes for $3-$5. All we tried were good and tasted fresh. When ordering sushi on some special at other places, I sometimes wonder if they don't have a few baker's trays full of the stuff somewhere, leftover from a morning prep session. That wasn't the case here.Drinks on special included Dos Equis for $4 and the house red or white for $3, as well as various cocktails. I wouldn't recommend the wine, actually: Bears distinct hints of "3 Buck Chuck". My companion had the Summer Sumo which was reported to be pretty satisfying. No complaints on the service. We were very well-attended over the course of over a 90 minute stay.This is a good place to start the evening if you're doing a datenight at the Biltmore or Esplanade.
5	Awesome place!!! Everything was super fresh and very good.  We were there for happy hour so ate much more than should have. Great prices! Will be back for more tomorrow :)
2	I'm not impressed with their medium to high priced menu. Sushi is never cheap, but the quality of the sushi rolls and presentation is a bit messy and not impressive for the high-end decorated type of restaurant. I've had way better quality, presentation, and taste at other sushi restaurants that are not high-end. I guess we were paying for the ambiance and decorations more than anything.
4	Great place for happy hour ! Super cheap and still tasty ! The spring rolls are really good and our wine was 3 dollars a glass - deal ! My friend and I were very pleased :)
4	Cool atmosphere in a nice area of town - prices are pretty even with nicer sushi restaurants I've visited in any major city (in other words, a little higher than you'd typically see in a smaller town, or in a place with less attention to decor).My friend and I shared several items, the hotty hamachi was the standout for me.  Great flavor, but not too much to overpower the fish. Seaweed salad was also good.  Can't remember the roll we had, but it was just okay.  Tuna nigiri was great, and the two orders of yellowtail nigiri we had were split - first one was great, second order wasn't as tasty (different fish I guess).
2	Great happy hour. 3-7pm Otherwise pry wouldn't go!
1	Just walked out of this place after being seated and ignored for 15 minutes in a mostly empty restaurant.  3 servers walked past us and even after alerting the empty headed hostess of our plight another 5 minutes passed.  We gave up and have forever given up on this place.  Can't wait for Sushi Brokers to open their new location.  At least the service isalways good there.  Done with Stingray!
3	We went here on NYE as our beloved Hana Sushi was closed. Figured we'd give a new place a try. We had some pros and cons at stingray. Pros: they have good sushi chefs, I LOVED my octopus salad and would go back just for that, and the happy hour prices are unbeatable! The Cons I would say is that I feel like this restaurant wants to be a club. It's a little bit of a weird vibe in that way. The service is a little spotty but they did make up for it by being really friendly. We would probably HH here agan.
4	I met a friend here for lunch last Sunday.  We ordered several types of rolls, all predominately tuna and salmon, and we enjoyed every single one of them.  I ate way more than I needed to but it was so good, I couldn't stop!
5	I really didn't get into Sushi until a few years ago.  I've tried a few places around Phoenix and Stingray has been consistently the best! Their fish appears and tastes fresher than other sushi bars.  The Staff at the Biltmore location has always been courteous and genuinely nice.  Great for happy hour!!!!
2	"Meh" is the perfect word for Stingray.  Always good quality sushi, but every time I go I can't help to think that I over payed.  The restaurant itself is beautiful and service is decent.  I guess I need to stick to only going during Happy Hour so that I can up my rating.
4	We hit Stingray for a sushi lunch during a gorgeous weather streak and obviously weren't alone as the restaurant was practically empty inside with a ten minute wait for a patio table. Being midday, we elected to sit at the bar on the patio that allowed us to enjoy the weather and view the televisions.Yes, the pricing here is a little on the high side but the sushi (today and on all my visits) is consistently good and the atmosphere is nice. Also -- and I noticed most reviews didn't touch on this -- they have a nice little sake list that is always fun for sampling (we did the pear one today and it was great). It was slow and bartender took care of us but I will say that the service was good and all of the staff was friendly and polite.Agree with what one reviewer said about the "trying to be a club" feel. I have been there in the evening and it is a place to be. Guess there isn't a lot that can be done about that though -- just be aware if you are going for a late Friday dinner or something.
5	Very creative menu, modern vibrant ambience and terrific service.  As a nationwide traveler in pursuit of great sushi this is a high ranking stop.  Tuna sashimi was particularly good.  A roll with pico offered a unique, spring-like taste in a roll I haven't seen elsewhere.   Shumai is some of the best.  Desserts are lacking so order another nigiri or sashimi choice instead.
2	I give Stingray two stars purely for the fact there food is cheap and edible during happy hour.  Service was bad (which seems to be the trend in their reviews) nothing special about their menu and very little to chose from. We were craving toro but they were out. I'd have to say their sushi was worse than RA. I'll most likely never go back unless with a group. Limited selection, poor service, long wait time and over priced drinks.  The end.
1	I have to give this establishment a major FAIL tonight. Didn't wanna do it, but their completely amateurish, mindless faux pas tonight behind the bar forced me to do it.Okay, so...what bartender would toss out an almost-full champagne flute of high-end sparkling sake - wait for it - with a receipt covering the top of it (universal barspeak for "do not touch"!)??? Apparently "Doug" would. So, I return from a quick trip to the restroom and find my receipts, water glass and champagne flute mostly full of my Zipang disposed of by the man who was just seconds earlier being so kind and accommodating.Well, something's very wrong with this picture, folks. And, did they apologize, when I expressed my dismay, saying "That's why I put the receipt on top of the glass...it was an almost-full flute..."? No. Just a "get him another one" directive from the manager to good ol' Dougie...nothing from the barkeep in question like "Oh, sorry, man. Thought you'd split and left most your drink, covered by your receipt" (Apparently a quite common occurrence in "Doug World")...Nah, just an uncomfortable vibe due to their (his) glaringly poor bartending decision. I sipped my replacement drink and was treated as if I should have cleared out already - or was it the painful embarrassment of a ridiculous bartending mistake hovering over us at that point? I should think the latter. Both are uncomfortable and should be avoided at all costs.Uh, bottom line (and covered in Bartending Basics 101), Stingray staff: Any object covering a mostly-full drink is probably an indicator from the patron that they are coming back, and wish to consume the rest of said drink.
3	Sunday night and there are only a few options in the middle of the desert for sushi after 8 pm, so it is off to stingray biltmore we go. I give these guys 3 stars because the sushi is good, it is just entirely overpriced...2 rolls for just shy of 30 bucks is ri-donk! The morning dew roll is actually quite delicious...I won't harp on the fact that it is overpriced because I already said that, but if me and my girl can't get out of a sushi joint (with no drinks) for under a Benjamin Franklin then I'm gonna be a little sad about it. Anyway not great, not bad, not cheap. Next time I want a bag of those jellies they give you with the check and maybe I won't cry so much.
4	The sushi here is outstanding and the sushi chefs know what they are doing. They prepare everything fresh, and the happy hour menu is a big plus.Outside of the chefs, service is lousy. The host staff spends its time flirting with customers, and ignoring the common man, and they go out of their way to butter up to the more glitzy customers who dress for success, and if you dont fit their image of the Biltmore, you are out of luck.Stick with sitting at the sushi bar and directly relating to the chefs, and you should have no problems
4	One of the better sushi restaurants. The sushi could be fresher. I like the entrance and the excessive outdoor seating. The wait isn't normally too bad and the happy hour rocks.
5	Always fabulous! The bento boxes are great! The Happy Hour Sushi and cocktails are all half price. We go here a lot.
3	Stingray is actually one of the more tastefully decorated Asian places I've seen, that incorporates Oriental elements like bamboo and dark teak without looking like a caricature of itself. Two of us shared a medium sushi boat, which included two types of rolls, 6 different kinds of nigiri sushi, and 5 different types of sashimi, three slices each. It also came with two bowls of miso soup and a bowl of rice. Honestly, quite a nice amount of food, unless you're starvingly hungry. I enjoyed the rolls, but the rice was a little disappointing because it didn't have the characteristic tang, glossiness and sweetness of rice vinegar and mirin that I was expecting.
3	It's not Hana Sushi in Phoenix, which I prefer.My wife and I sat at the bar and ate a bunch of fish and went home happy though.So the food was good.But the whole scene--the vibe--the people who rock into this joint with their bedazzled jeans and their foreign SUVs.I don't know. Not fun to be around.
4	Stingray is located right across from the Embassy Suites in Biltmore, so we hopped on over for Happy Hour. We decided to sit at the end of the bar, near the outside window. The weather was perfect, so the location of our table set the mood for the night. We ordered a couple drinks, the Summer Sumo cocktail for me, made with a lemongrass infused vodka. My guy ordered a japanese beer that was very crisp and light. With our drinks we ordered the Hamachi Kama dish for $9 and a Spicy Tuna Roll for $3.50. Both were very good. I always try to order Hamachi Shoulder/Cheeks when offered, it's always been great. I really enjoyed our little Happy Hour date at Stingray, it's a fun place to start off your night or have dinner.
2	I got a teriyaki bento box to go from here today, and they forgot to include rice. Seriously? They sent the to go order with soy sauce packets, but no rice. It came with soup but they didn't put a spoon in the bag, only chop sticks. I would expect a nice place like this to be a little more attentive, especially since it was after 2pm on a weekday.
2	If you are expecting a small traditional Japanese sushi house ... this is not that.  Which is fine.  It's a large bar-oriented place that is Asian themed.  I started with Hamachi sashimi and Tuna Tataki.  It started fine ... usually a good sign when the ginger is not dyed pink.  The Hamachi delivered! Nicely cut and presented, very tasty and nice texture.  However, the tuna tataki was the worst I've ever had. While I realize that there is room for creative interpretation .... my general expectation is some type of raw diced or thinly sliced tuna ... sometimes with a creative garnish like radish or jalepeno, and then served in some type of ponzu sauce.  This was not that.  It was cold seared ahi tuna (cooked) served in a very bland sauce ... and it cost $16 and was featured as one of their "specialties".The rolls that followed were ok.  Rice did not stand out in any way ... cool and moist, no great texture or ambiance.  Service was good.Bottom line is a 2.5.
4	Why only 3 stars? Other than the fact that I was there to meet someone off one of the internet dating websites for the first time (nothing to brag or write about here), I had no complaints about Singray. After our very brief "meeting" (the turkey had to leave after 20 minutes to go to dinner- probably another date), I ordered an edamame and Las Vegas roll. The roll was okay (I've had better). It was happy hour so the edamame was $2 roll $6. Not bad. I've tipped this place as "a good place to meet a blind date" if you can find a seat in the crowd.
3	In summary, the Biltmore Stingray is a posh bar that serves OK Japanese food.  If you're going to get anything here, I'd stick with the rolls as that's what they do best.  The sashimi/chirashi is not the freshest and was even a tad slimy.  That having been said, I'm a huge critic of sashimi and use its quality in judging Japanese restaurants, so I may be bringing down the hammer a lot more heavily than others would.  But, I give credit where credit's due: they make great drinks, the service is always prompt and pleasant, and the atmosphere of the restaurant is extremely comfortable.
5	I have to say when it comes to Stingrays sushi and service, they are the best. Some reviews on here talk about the price of the rolls but why on earth would you want to be eating cheap raw food? Their menu is affordable especially during happy hour and the food is awesome. My server, Bri was suggesting items to my blind date who was a sushi virgin and he loved her recommendations. Overall great atmosphere and sushi at Stingray!
4	Best lunch spots at the Biltmore if you are looking for a fairly well priced sushi selection.  I am a big fan of their bento's, they pack them with two salads, lettuce and cucumber and finish them off with your favorite fish, chicken or meats.  Did I say these bentos include miso soup and rice? BOOM!  If you are looking for top quality sushi, I would say they have okay selections but really not too many places in town have this.  I have not been here for dinner so I will just give them a respectable 4 stars for the consistent lunch experience.
4	I have avoided trying Stingray only because of their Biltmore location.  I get lost in the poor excuse for the crazy parking lot that is part valet, part pay, part I don't know what, but I guess I get confused easily and just not a fan of the parking.  I saw one of my Yelp friends check in at Stingray and thought I would be brave and try it.  I am basically cheap and was thrilled when I learned that they have happy hour  from 3 until 7pm.  Happy Hour Bombers are $5 and that makes me very happy as most places have raised the happy hour price to at least $6.  The fish tastes fresh as it should be and I could honestly eat my weight in $3 Salmon Nigiri.  Sit at the sushi bar and you will also get at no charge an order of edamame, normally $4 and a bowl of Miso Soup.  Prices off happy hour are expensive but who cares as long as you order before 7PM
4	Met a friend for happy hour last night at Stingray Sushi Biltmore...we had a nice night! The place was busy for happy hour so we sat at the bar outside under the misters. The bartenders (3) were very attentive. Our food (3 rolls) was good but I wish they were able to do brown rice (oh well - still good though). Pricing on HH was pretty inexpensive too. - I would definitely go back.
3	My wife and I dropped in for Happy Hour a few days ago.I was sort of on a sushi kick. I was excited to come try this place out because the happy hour menu looked really good with reasonably prices. (I checked it out online). We walked in and the place is really cool. It's got a nice layout and a good feel to it. The hostess sat us down and the table was really dirty. It was sticky too. We had to ask a waitress to clean it for us. Then came the flies. Man! There were flies all over! That was weird. So we look at the menu and we order. Las Vegas roll, 2 California rolls, that dumpling thing and edamame. Seriously. The prices were so cheap! Very good reason to go. I liked it! I've had better Las Vegas rolls at RA and Kabuki, but for the price? I mean we got all that aformentioned stuff for like 20 bucks. Not bad! My wife thought it was, "eh". I think I'd only come for the happy hour though.
2	Came for lunch and the service wasn't great.  The food was OK.  I had the sashimi Benito box. The miso dressing on my salad was watery and bland. I guess they forgot the seaweed salad I ordered.  I told the waitress and she didn't even apologize or ask if I wanted it.  When she brought the bill, she said "I took it off the bill for you" with a big smile, like she did me a favor.  Of course she took it off the bill, I never got it.
3	This rating is for happy hour only (3-7 M-F). Stingray has a good happy hour, featured rolls and drinks are half off. The Las Vegas and Dragon Rolls are tasty, also like the Yellowtail and Spicy Tuna rolls. A small carafe of the house sake is 4.50, Bombers are 5 bucks. Nice patio out by the bar. GF and I ate here Tuesday night, 2 drinks each, 4 rolls and an order of edamae for 37 bucks. Hard to beat that. The regular prices are higher than I would consider reasonable, but happy hour is solid.
5	Ok......now this has been the best sushi spot so far since I've moved here!! The setup inside is good for a late night hang out in the bar section and the dinning area is open inside and outside. The sushi bar is decent as well. The service is solid. The hostesses at the front are really polite and accommodating. On Friday and Saturday nights it can get a little busy but the wait has never been to long. I've never waited for more than 20mins. The menu is pretty robust. They have a large selection of rolls and seafood dishes that are amazing.... I recommend the shrimp & scallop entree. You won't regret it. I have tried many rolls and non have ever been a disappointment. All in all I would have to say that this is the best sushi in town. If anyone can top this spot please let me know!! GO SUSHI!!!!!!
2	So, I have had sushi here quite a bit and have always been very pleased.  This is in comparison to having sushi all over the US and 4 years living in Japan-- I have some say in what good sushi is.  I am sad to say that this place has gone down, nose first.  I would say that they use to have the best Caterpillar roll I have ever had.  Now it is the worst.  Last night we ordered a Caterpillar, Philadelphia, and a Yellow Tail roll.  This had to be the worst sushi I have ever had, hands down.  The fish had no flavor and the fillings were just plain pathetic.  In the Caterpillar roll, which is supposed to have eel, there was almost no eel at all--we could not even see the eel, just a bunch of imitation crab.  This was brought to the attention of our waitress, who by the way is the only reason they are getting 2 stars and not 1 (she was polite, attentive and apologetic), who went to the manager about getting us a new roll.  When she came back we were told that they could make us a new one but it would have the exact same amount of eel in it, unless we wanted to pay for extra eel.  We chose not to have them make us more crap and they were "kind" enough to take it off the bill.  Not once did a manager come over to ask about what was wrong or to apologize.  I felt like they just really did not care about me enjoying their food or service.  As I said before, the waitress that we had was great and really took care of us.  If their sushi was as good as the staff, it would be great.  Sad to say I will be taking my money elsewhere!!!
2	Oh, Stingray... I have such a love/hate relationship with this place.I *LOVE* their happy hour: Monday through Friday from 3pm - 7pm. Everything is dirt cheap. You could get a couple rolls and sake bombers and edamame for under $15. I love the decor/style of the place - very LA.NY.SanFran'ish. However, what good is a happy hour and restaurant fashion if the sushi is sub-par and the service is slow? This is where they lost me. The waitresses are pleasant, but it takes forever to get your food, check, water, etc.... and the restaurant won't even be slammed with customers. You can get over that, though. What you won't be able to get over is the taste/flavor of the sushi. It arrives extremely fresh, but it tastes like cardboard. I've tried almost all of them and the only one that is worth ordering is the Philly roll - what does that tell you about the place? The miso soup... I LOVE miso soup. I've never had a bad serving of it until I came here, and asked for them to take it back. Speaking of miso soup - if you sit by the bar, you'll get a complimentary bowl of it and a plate of edamame. So, all in all - going to Stingray definitely depends on your sushi standards. If you don't mind lackluster sushi and love cheap happy hour, go here. If you're a sushi snob (like myself) then spare yourself and go anywhere else.
3	Love the food, the attitude and atmosphere, but the service is pretty mediocre. Everytime I order my food to go, they never bring it out. I always have to ask for it which is pretty unfortunate considering the unknown amount of time it will take to get the food without looking like an anxious annoying customer. I also sat in a couple of times and its nice if you already know what u want and order everything up front because to get your waiter to order something else, takes a lot. I am not too thrilled about this place, but it's near my house, in a good area, and the food is great and prices are decent. Of course, ill keep coming back.
1	I'll most likely be the only 1 star review on here but I don't care.  This place looks pretty on the outside, but don't be fooled by the glitz and glam of this Biltmore Sushi place...  Let me first start with my experience last night... I wasn't terribly hungry but I thought I would meet up with some friends and I just ordered a simple Philly Roll.  I'm not a big fan of smoked salmon (which comes standard in that roll) so I ask if I could have fresh salmon instead.  Placed my order and the server comes back out and lets me know that there would be a $3 up-charge for fresh salmon.  No thank you, please cancel my order.  1 minute later the food runner comes out and says, "Here's your roll with fresh salmon" and I told her that I cancelled this order because of the up-charge, which she responds back by saying they will send it back.  Send it back, you mean throw it away?  Really?  You're really not going to give it to me now, you're going to send it back?  So the food runner responds that she will ask her manager for permission...Needless to say I recovered the roll at regular price, but I couldn't believe there would be $3 up-charge for fresh salmon!  Holy crap, way to over charge for the most simple roll. Second...Don't go in for lunch...this place has so many flies that you are constantly battling swatting flies away while trying to enjoy your overpriced-mediocre sushi roll.  Hopefully with the weather getting cooler the problem has become better BUT never-the-less I just thought you should know....From the outside this place looks awesome-on the inside its modern decor will catch your attention-the sushi is not great but its ok-your bill, overcharged
4	One of my favorite sushi places in Arizona.  The food and drinks are always amazing, and the decor is really pleasant in addition to comfortable seating.  It is a bit pricey but for being in the Biltmore area it's to be expected.  This location is 100% better than the Scottsdale Rd location in every way.  Both locations are open pretty late which is always great for late night dinner and drinks.The Las Vegas Roll here is the best I've had at any sushi restaurant ever.The only reason I'm deducting 1 star is because the price is a little expensive (in my opinion).
5	Best Sushi!! a little expensive... but awesome... We moved to chicago and I even took some of their roll recipes for people to make me, because theirs really are the best!
4	Eat at sushi bar, staff is friend and fun!
2	Love this place but in the last 6 months, service and quality of food is going down the drain. Here now and still no server (15 min )
1	The bartender was friendly, but the sushi was bad.  The rice was so sticky it was mushy, kinda like paste. And the Godzilla roll had something non edible in it, with a hit of cleaning product to taste.  Needless to say, but we won't go back.
4	Favorite place for hh. Never had a bad roll, drinks are great and reasonably priced. They do get pretty slammed so be sure to go early. Great crowd too and good stop on your way ou in old town. Never been there but for hh, prices seem a little high
2	Sushi ok. Not a lot of flavor or variety.  Long wait for food.  And to loud for waitress to hear our order. She got it wrong and didn't evey hear I ordered a beer. Our main rolls came before our appetizer.  Not coming back.
3	Had lunch with a colleague on a Thursday. Look over the Bento selections and against my better judgement went with the Salmon Teriyaki. Not good, not bad just very average. I like the happy hour, it is always a lively time and drink and food specials are great and deserve 4 stars. Just was not impressed with lunch there.
1	I would like to share with you the experience at Stingray. This is used to be good place from time to time to stop and grab sushi. Now service went down and the quality of the sushi with it. So I was having a lunch with a friend that ordered rainbow roll and I ordered among other things tuna sashimi. Problems start when we got our order. Rainbow roll was a maze of small pieces that looked like leftovers from other cuts.. Sashimi was old and color of it so poor. We pointed out all the things to them and service people didn't care ... "It is what it is there is no fresh fish in AZ "said the Mexican looking guy with a short hair while smiling.." Its OK " We walked out. I suggest you do the same.. Its a shame that when this restaurant  first started it was different. Now its BAD...
2	Just horrible. Service was slow and the sushi cheap and not very fresh. The Crispy Spicy Tuna had been sitting and was too deep fried. Gross.
5	The friendliest of staff around. The Spicy crunchy tuna and Las Vegas roll Were exceptional. The green tea was very refreshing-Is very light for a green tea and Was great. The atmosphere and quality of food was second to none. Back to the staff... Cute little waitress who played right into my sense of humor. She didn't go overboard to try and earn any extra tips. She was a genuinely nice person who entertained our group, it was nice to see.  Stingray went above my expectations for a sushi joint. All those negative reviews are likely from misfits without taste buds.
2	Until recently, my husband and I came here on a weekly basis. Stingray offers a great happy hour and very decent sushi and drinks in a stylish restaurant within a mile of our apartment. But, we get mediocre to poor service about 70 percent of the time we go there. After an exceptionally bad and slow experience, my husband and I decided to look elsewhere to give regular business. I get the feeling we won't be missed. So long, Stingray.
4	I wasnt a sushi person until i got a job across the street and everyone in the office goes there several times a week. Now I go there a lot more than I should!  It's a friendly place, clean, and great food. I keep going back as much as I can afford to.
2	Not bad but definitely not great for the price and wait. The waitresses are nice but very inattentive. The dragon roll at happy hour had burnt eel and the sea bass took over 25 minutes to come out. Not worth my time nor my money.
4	Met a girlfriend for drinks and dinner at the bar on a Monday night recently and was surprised by the crowd at the bar. We were lucky to find a place to sit and prepared to wait when we saw the bartender was working solo. We were pleasantly surprised when Kaleb greeted us immediately, he was super friendly and took our order right away. His drinks were great and his food recommendations were spot on! We will definitely return soon for another fun night of great atmosphere, food, drinks, fun and excellent service!
1	The ambience reminded me of Las Vegas but that's where the similarities ended. The sushi was 'meh' - forgettable and less than fresh. The wait staff was slow and inattentive.  We had a gift card so the experience wasn't quite as disappointing as it would have been. What really tanked this review was the fact that they served a beer that plainly said "Best By" and the date on it was 6 MONTHS AGO.When we flagged down the manager he didn't apologize but said "Are you sure it's not the Born On date (which you can see in the pic that it says "Best By"). When this was pointed out to him he blamed the vendor and asked if we wanted another one - even though we were actively on our way out and why would we want more expired beer?Bad management, mediocre food. Save your money and go to Sushi Catcher instead.
2	So... hostess was nice waitress was nice and even the cook was nice. But when it comes to food and service all I can think of is below average, the glasses and plates where dirty and the service was too long since that had only one girl working there and some of the food actually tasted different( in a bad way ) then any other sushi place.
1	Been to this location many times and have had consistent slightly-above-average sushi and same with the service.  Most recently went in on a Friday night and we were seated immediately.  Our very young blonde server blatantly ignored us while finishing up with her other two tables in the section.  She literally stood at the table next to us and looked at us and didn't say a word.  We sat there for a good 10-15 minutes, marked off the sushi we wanted and waited....and waited some more, without so much as a glass of water.  It was clear that Goldilocks was about to get cut from her shift, probably headed out to some Scottsdale club, and didn't want to get stuck with another table.  We walked out and the hostess said, "Hope you enjoyed everything!"  Right.
1	First timers in our group and at least 2 or the 3 of us will not be back.  We (two of us) arrived to the table our friend had already been seated at to hear the manager, I presume, say to her "You're having a great time, just by yourself, aren't you?" as he placed the appetizer she had ordered on the table.  After announcing ourselves, we sat and soon after the server, Beth, came to the table.  Honestly, I had to check my receipt for her name because she never told it to us.  Since we didn't know our drink order right away, we agreed she would return for it.  At least 10 minutes later, she returns for what turned out to be our simple beer order.  After we had selected our sushi choices for our meal, Beth verbally ran through the choices.  After explaining that the rolls will all come out as they are prepared so we are not waiting, our friend asks if the Mango Tango selection can be put on a separate plate as she is allergic to mangoes.  After clear confusion on the face of Beth, she stutters out "I think we can do that."  We were thrown by her confusion.  As our first plate of rolls arrived, delivered by someone other than our server, we had no wasabi and no small dishes for our sauce on the table.  The soy sauce pitcher on our table was almost empty as was the one on the table next to us.  After about 10 minutes, Beth arrives to check on how our rolls "taste" and we inform her that we hadn't had any due to lack of wasabi and dishes.  Beth leaves to get those items for us and tell us to "get started" with the small amount of soy sauce we had left in our pitcher.  The Mango Tango dish arrives and Beth's confusion was answered: the mango was on the side.  She had apparently thought we were requesting for the mango to be in the side instead of the meal on a separate plate from the rolls.  After our meal was finished and we were chatting and enjoying our company, drinking our beverages, Beth arrives and places the bill on the table, telling us she will pick it up whenever we are ready.  No mention of coffee or dessert.  When we hadn't touched the check for 10 minutes, Beth checks in to see if it's "ready."  When we told her we hadn't even looked at it yet, she says "If you would like to hang out and order anything else, I can have another server assist you.  I have been here since 10 and would like to close out your check."  It was 9pm.  After the looks on our faces expressed our disappointment with her attitude, she attempted to back peddle and essentially ended up repeating herself and thus, sticking her foot back in her mouth.  Not to be insensitive at all, I, myself have been a server and a bartender in the past and I am all too familiar with "pulling a double."  And I have been stuck at work because of that last table that consisted of people not going anywhere.  It wasn't that she wanted to leave, it was the way she told us.  I had just worked a full day myself and was about to do it again the next day, in the midst of a 3 week straight work schedule with 0 days off.  Once we paid our bill, cash and card combo that again confused Beth, we added our gratuity and our meal was complete.  But not before Beth checked her tip while still very much in our range of vision.  Oh, and the sushi?  Mediocre at best and not worth going back!
3	This is an ho-hum average Sushi place. This place is popular with the people that I know, although I can't figure out why. The atmosphere here is casual and elegant at the same time. Their cocktails are good and very unique and a great deal during happy hour. The sushi is good, but nothing special. I've had way better sushi, but I've also had worse. But for the price point, I expect it to be better. On the food and drinks alone, this place certainly deserves no less than 4 starts, but the service is lacking. The service tends to be a little on the slow side. Seems like the average time from the time we're seated at the table and get our initial drinks is about 10 minutes. I'm not an impatient person, but that seems to be a pretty long time. I know people who are servers, and even they agree that 10 minutes is not acceptable, especially if everyone is just ordering a soft drink. I could understand if when I'm there, this place is super busy and everyone orders a cocktail, that it could take 10 minutes, assuming the bartender is backed up with orders, but in this last visit, that was not the case. I ordered a cocktail and the other 3 ordered sodas and tea. Once we got our food order in, we only saw the waitress one other time. The first to refill our drinks and the second time was when the check was ready. We were there for about 45 minutes, and to only have been checked on twice after our food came in is not exactly stellar service. Every time it's suggested that we come here, I cringe a little, not because of the food, or atmosphere, but because the service is subpar at best. It could be that with better service, I could rate this at least 4 starts, maybe even 5. If you happen to be at the Biltmore and are yearning for some sushi, this place is not a "bad" place to eat, but I wouldn't expect lightning fast service. I really do hope that the service there does get a better. Maybe next time.
1	Disappointing all around. More expensive sushi than Kabuki or other mainstream places AND you don't get that true Biltmore dining experience.  Customer service was sub-par and they were out of lobster and scallops.  How are they going to be out of their big ticket items???   It wasn't even a busy day to be out of items or expect rushed service.
1	Went for Happy Hour.  Waited just about an hour for a california roll and a spicy tuna roll to get to our table.  Fish was warm by the time it arrived.  Overall it was gross, which was a shame because we have had good experiences at both the Scottsdale Quarter, and Old Town locations.
1	Came here because they have been great accommodating my gluten allergy in the past. Server was great but whoever was in the kitchen tonight said I only had three options. Seriously? I've been here before! Oh well, we were hungry so I simply got the salmon roll, which is just salmon and rice, thinking it'd be very difficult to mess up. Then they brought out my GF roll on the SAME PLATE as the GLUTEN roll!!! We even wrote GF on the ticket next to the roll - just one extra step to inform the kitchen about my allergy. On top of that they were out of GF soy sauce, which I was informed of after ordering.
1	My family and I went to Stingray today. We were greeted by a hostess wearing shorts so short that her butt was exposed. She walked us over to a table near the back, which was ok. She gave us our menus and said someone would be right over. The server working that section walked by us several times without acknowledging us. Meanwhile, she seemed very attentive to everyone around us. Hmmm..I started to wonder if we were being ignored. After 25 minutes, we walked out. The hostess didn't question why we were leaving. My advice to management: When hiring, I would focus a little more on a person's intelligence and customer service skills and a little less on looks. Clearly, there's nothing going on upstairs with some of these girls.
2	Ordered one of the boats with some coworkers and the fish was not very good. It wasn't fresh and the rice wasn't good either. If you're a person who eats a lot of rice, you can tell the rice wasn't cooked right because it was hard, cold, and just not right. I wouldn't recommend this place for sushi and I don't think I would come back here again for sushi. Sorry :/
4	I came here with my boyfriend to celebrate his birthday. The restaurant decor is awesome! The door is cool, the chandelier is cool, the and the inside seating looks very modern. We chose to sit outside because we can't enjoy this nice beautiful weather much longer. Loved our spot, perfect for a date. We made it just before happy hour ended, and ordered a spice yellowtail roll and gyoza. They came one at a time, which gave us time to enjoy each plate. We then ordered a small sushi boat! We never had sushi on a boat and was super excited to try it on his special day. It came along with miso, which was good too! Everything was good until we got our 'sushi boat'. It wasn't a boat!!!!!!! It was just sushi on a long plate.. We asked the girl that brought us the 'sushi boat' why it's not on a boat.. And she just said ha and continued to try and explain to us what fish was what. (she didn't know her fishes, and even asked us if it's salmon) well anyways, we were very very frustrated and disappointed. Our waitress came along and we asked her about the boat. She then explains that apparently the sushi boats broke often so they got rid of it. Advice to Stingray management : change the name on the menu from sushi boat to sushi plate, or bring those sushi boats back!!! But we decided to brush it off since it's his birthday, and we will not let anything ruin the night. Our waitress was super nice, and when I told her it was his birthday, she gave him a slice of cheesecake. Oh btw, the sushi was really good! Would of been better on a boat. Our check came and it came along with two pineapple gummy candies!! Yes, loved it. This is a great restaurant for a date night, and would totally recommend it! But don't expect a sushi boat.
1	The sushi was disgusting. Our waitress was very rude and paid no attention to is. The raw shrimp was cleaned at all and was a gray color. Never going back again, I would never recommend anyone else to either.
2	Nice place... horrible sushi.You can sit outside and have a great time in the balmy weather, people watching and relaxing to what would be considered C-minus grade sushi.  I live in San Francisco, so I am a bit spoiled.  Maybe all sushi places in Phoenix are bad. What also got on my nerves was that, unilke most places that give vegan sushi eaters an option (yes, there are many of us out there), this place has almost no selection.  And when I asked if they could make something for me (the vegan), the hostess simply scanned up and down the menu for something accomodating instead of asking the sushi chef.
5	The best sushi in Phoenix.  My favorite this side of town. Very clean. Lots of space. User friendly. Clean restrooms.
4	The sushi is OK - I have had better.  The waitresses, hostess and patrons are hot.  The manager must hire based on looks and that's not any indictment on the service.We had some roles which were delish.  I think the Biltmore location is better than the one in Scottsdale at the Quarter.
2	Here's a tip for the staff: if you are going to pretend that the sushi is made fresh and you seat a party at the booth next to the sushi chef, maybe the sushi chef should leave the prep area or someone should come in contact with him in between the time someone orders and the sushi is served. That, and have the sushi not taste like it was made a week ago nor smells like a contaminated beach at low tide. I've had better and less rubbery sushi at a gas station. The waitresses pay more attention to Macedonian congressional tax reform debates than to the patrons, the chef looks bored, and the patrons appear more interested in being seen than any semblance of dining. And the food? I'd rather lick the floor of the AMC movie theater across the street. That being said, the iced tea was pretty nice. Not that we got more than one refill...
3	Awesome place to unwind after a long day! Business professionals hangout around the "indoor/outdoor" bar. Great place to meet new friends (old & young). The happy hour prices are on point! ...and the food is always good (for the area). I settled for the California Roll, Hamachi ceviche (not that great), and later a Rainbow roll.  Wanted a Riesling, but they were out of stock! :-(  I settle for a plum wine considering I like sweet, white wines. It was awesome!  The waitstaff can be a little more knowledgeable in the menu selections.
5	Great place. One of my favorites. Happy hour is great. And the sushi is not bad. Like the outside patio. This is a great Resturant. I'd suggest the staples. All the sushi is good. The bento boxes are also great.
1	I wanted to take my mom here for her birthday. I passed three empty tables in the outside seating area on my way in and asked for a table for 3. I get told there is a 15 minute wait. Not a minute later a group of 4 walks up and is seated immediately at one of the open tables. I go in and ask about this and get told there's "not enough staff to cover those tables". I enjoy coming here but this was rude and disappointing.
1	I frequent Stingray Sushi at the Biltmore and the service is always hit or miss, as well as the sushi. But I like the location, the atmosphere and the later dining hours so I keep going back. But last night I had the worse service not only here, but anywhere. Our server was Beth, and she originally took forever to greet us and bring waters. She took our order and that was pretty much the last time I saw her, except for a few occasions. I had to ask for a side of lemons and sriracha three times before I finally got it. The first time I asked her when she took our food order, the second time I asked gentleman who was walking by and the third time I had to ask Beth from a distance as she would never come check in on the table. The only other  time I saw her we asked for the menu as the sushi pieces were on the smaller side and we were still hungry. Beth brought us our menus, and never came back. To the point where I had to bring my bowl of left over soup to the bar to get a to go container and pay the tab. I noticed that Beth thought we had left without paying after we got up, but then when she saw us at the bar she did not acknowledge us, or even come over to apologize.
1	This used to be one of my our favorite places to go for sushi. I had sushi for the first time at this location two years ago. We have been to this location about four times after and visited the Scottsdale location numerous times. Based on my past dining experiences, I spoke highly of this place and brought my friends here last night. WORST service ever! Our waitress was Amber. She forgot everything!! Didn't bring us a high chair, side of rice for my friends young son, one of the kids bento boxes, two rolls of sushi, and the spicy mayo. We didn't get any soy sauce had to ask for it. The food came out all in a weird order. One whole side of our table was served while the other side literally waited an additional 15 mins. The kids were served last. There were bees and one landed in the kids food. We had 3 dirty plates, one dirty cup and a chipped sauce bowl. Our fav Las Vegas roll was way smaller than usual and not as tasty as we have had in the past. She had to reprint our check like 3 times because they kept messing it up. She charged us for a reg priced item (sake bombers) because she failed to put it in before HH ended. We thought she forgot about those too then brought them at the end with our check so we had to literally down them. We had to cancel the food she forgot because it was taking too long and we were needing to be somewhere by 7 pm. My nephew never got his meal and was starving the whole time. I had to stop and get him a burger. Just overall horrible experience. I was embarrassed! Oh and we made reservations. There were only outdoor tables avail for our time when we called and when we got there waited 20 mins to be seated! I really wanted to talk to the manager. But I hate being looked at like I am trying to get a comp meal and being that everything took sooooo long we ran out of time anyway.  I plan to call them to make this all known tomorrow. So disappointed. It just takes one absolutely horrible experience to ruin it for me. We had a $100 check during Happy hour. I expected way better service.
1	I've been to Stingray before, never super impressed, but was decent.. Not going back after my recent experience. The roll I ordered had to be sent back, and I didn't get a new roll until my friend was done eating. The new roll was all rice and hardly any fish. Then, we were given the bill of the people next to us - who had already left and paid our bill. We were told management would take money off the bill to make it more like what our bill would have been. I then asked for change for a larger bill to pay my friend for my share of the bill, and when I got outside I discovered I was given less money back for the larger bill. My over priced white rice dinner got even more expensive! I could have spent less at Whole Foods for a sushi roll with seven times as much fish.
4	I'm a regular here at Sting Rays and absolutely love the rolls. The Cabo is to die for!  The atmosphere is open and friendly, though the tables are close together and you are very close to other couples, it makes for easy conversing.Tonight we were graced with the presence of the manager, Tom. He was an absolute delight! Very friendly, personable and made us feel very welcome!
3	Expensive and nothing that wows you.  Service was great though.  If I ever find myself in the area again, I'll drop by for a drink.  They have cool drinks on their menu.  Otherwise, pass on the sushi.
4	Excellent service, but the bartender didn't know what infusion meant on the HH vodka prices. :/
2	This place is going downhill, the sushi here is not fresh even though the manager said so.  I ordered the Sashimi dinner and my tuna doesn't look fresh and it doesn't taste fresh either, wifey didn't even finish her Sushi...what a waste!We paid 60 dollars for lunch...NOT WORTH IT!!!Not coming back here anymore!
5	Had an amazing time here saturday with a group of friends! Our server Jovana was great and the manager was constantly interacting with tables and helping out the servers. We even got a surprise dessert at the end for a birthday! Can't wait to come back :)
4	The soy paper rolls are creative and wonderful.  Each time I have been here I have loved the meal.  It is a little pricey for each soy roll but definitely worth it!  The atmosphere is friendly, hip and fun.
1	I haven't been here in years but went yesterday for happy hour. Now I know exactly why I haven't been here in so long. The sushi is OK but the service was terrible. We never received our edamame or our soy sauce for the sushi. It also took forever to get change back from our bill. I will never step foot into this place ever again.
4	Great environment and fun place to go out on a date. Las vegas and caterpillar rolls are my favorite from here. Sake bombers are also tasty. Guys don't get caught looking at the ultra fine greeters when you enter the restaurant. Specially when you are with your girl like I was lol.
2	I am so disappointed in Stingray. I have eaten and enjoyed Stingray sushi since I moved to the area 2 years ago. It has become a bit of a staple for sushi nights and happy hour gatherings. So when a special occasion arose, I ordered take out. When I got home I realized that they forgot the biggest roll I ordered, the Godzilla roll, and only gave me two sets of utensils for four people. When I called to let them know what happened, the server could not find the manager and took my number so the manager could call me back. The manager has yet to return my call! What happened to the great service at Stingray?!
1	I like the ambiance, this is our first time visiting and decided to come here to celebrate our 6 years anniversary but they destroyed the celebration, awful customer service, I asked waiter for suggestions since we haven't been here and he sounded frustrated and rolled his eyes and even dropped the line " have you even ever had Sushi? After that I just ordered what yelp reviews recommended. Ordered Vegas roll and was good but not amazing, my husband ordered spicy crispy tuna and it was literally 4 smalls 1" pieces and not great. Got the Check as soon as we finished our meal and made reservations for another restaurant to get in a better mood
2	The sushi wasn't anything spectacular for the amount of money that I spent. there are a ton of more delicious sushi elsewhere for the fraction of the cost that I spent on my group of friends for dinner here. I guess you pay for location not food !
3	The overall rating is "good".  The sushi, which is what I mostly stuck with wasn't outstanding.  The restaurant itself was very modern and chic.  The waitstaff did a great job as well.  Happy hour prices were great.  You can't go wrong with a large Kirin and saki for 6 bucks.  The food was just so so though.  But the rest of the visit makes it a good place to go to.
5	I called about 10 different sushi restaurants asking about wild caught fish selection, stingray was the only place with options. Walon took great care of us at the bar!
1	We went to celebrate a friend's birthday. Our waitress brought out a piece of chocolate cake for him at the end of dinner. It was completely unprompted so we thought it was complimentary, until we realized she charged us for it on our bill... Who does that?
3	This is the most inconsistent restaurant I've ever been to. Sometimes it's very good and others, it's average -- and at this price point average quality and service isn't acceptable.If you have an issue with anything here, be prepared to explain yourself. #customerservicefail
2	Pretty disappointed because the sushi was a bit fishy tasting for it being fresh sushi. Especially considering that the price was not at all cheap, I was expecting better quality. The location is nice and the feel is swanky however the quality of product does not match the location. Never mind the fact that the restaurant was not busy and it took over 30 minutes for my table to receive three sushi rolls. It was definitely a bad idea to order the kid Bento box for my daughter because we were sitting on the patio and by the time the rest of the food came her plate was ice cold.
4	Love that they serve 300 or 500 mL carafes here! I loved sitting at the bar.Came here for happy hour and got a carafe of Hakatsuru Superior "Junmai Ginjo", which is a cold sake, it was amazing! Sweet, wet with fruity notes to it.Coming from another bar previously, I shared the shu mai with a friend which was good. Steamed well and tasted yummy with the dipping sauce- even as it was the non traditional soy sauce.Great atmosphere, the bar area has indoor and outdoor seating, decor was dark, modern and had a club-like feel. The service was good we were waited on quickly and the servers at the bar were friendly.Prices can be a bit steep from what I've seen on the menu, but would definitely love to come back for happy hour.
1	Wow, people were not kidding about the horrendous service here, or the incredibly high noise level.  The teriyaki chicken was pretty awful, though the happy hour shumai and tempura were okay.  The easiest requests are not entertained (choosing flavors of mochi ice cream - thank goodness for Haagen-Dazs).  Way overpriced too, and I won't be back.
4	After we worked up an appetite doing some holiday shopping, my family and I headed to Stingray Sushi in Scottsdale. We went during Happy Hour (2:30pm to 6:00pm, daily). All house Maki rolls, appetizers and tacos were half off. We ordered a massive amount of food. Given the pace that we were inhaling it, I wasn't able to snap pictures of everything. We got the standard assortment of rolls (spicy tuna, spicy salmon and yellowtail) and some fancy schmancy ones (spider roll and two (!!) Las Vegas rolls). I had some of the sushi and ordered some fun appetizers. We got the Rock Shrimp Tempura (fried shrimp covered in spicy mayo, amazing!), several tacos (lobster, tuna and rock shrimp) and Miso soupThe service was top-notch (constant refills of beverages) and there are three locations in Arizona (Old Town, Biltmore and Scottsdale). If you find yourself in Phoenix and want to enjoy some sushi, I highly recommend it. The Happy Hour is the way to go!
