4	This rather new place on Notre-Dame Street West is great for the coffee lover in you that maybe doesn't want to go all the way up to the Mile End or the Plateau for a good cup of joe. I personally love the decoration and the atmosphere! The coffee is great and this cafe is a great little gem in the sud-ouest!
4	A regular haunt of mine, the second that I heard that this place was opening up I was sold! Good coffee in my neighbourhood? Yes please!! At the beginning, it was difficult to stay long periods of time, due to the lack of food offered, but now they have sandwiches, salads, offerings of viennoisseries, muffins, and cookies.Of all the different types of coffees, I love their GodShot (Espresso), Guatemala, Peru and Colombia roasts.  I have also tried their Ethiopian but for me, that was something I had to get used to, and perhaps not for me (too flowery tasting and not enough of the "in-your-face-smooth-dark-caramel-to-wake-you-up feeling." Since their coffees come in one size, I've often double-fisted my to-go cups, because I know what I need to get me going in the right direction. The ambience in the cafe is mellow and chill, perfect to do some work, and people watch a bit, most interesting is their wednesday afternoon cuppings, which is offered guided by their employees to get the most of cafe tastings.  Big windows in the front makes you feel more included in the outside world with cool seating available. The neat thing about this cafe is that towards the back of it, you can see the big coffee roaster that they use to make their unique blends. The staff is great with their suggestions, and also love the single pours to make you feel special when it comes to a great cup of coffee. For those who think it's too far out of the way for them, it's well worth the trek!
4	Great place to hang out and work all day - kind of the Laika of the south, minus the good food and beats. Clients are a mix of laptop creatives and young moms. Very sunny. A bit snobby. Good drip coffee. (Godshot is a tad overrated.)
4	I am not a coffee drinker but I found this place after looking for a local roaster so I could buy some beans as a gift for a friend. The girl working there was very knowledgeable and patient with my questions. I'm really looking forward to hearing how the coffee is - they seem to take it very seriously. It's a cafe of decent size and interesting decor with wifi as well, so that certainly doesn't hurt things.
5	Starbuck's introduced decent coffee to the masses, but good coffee it is not.  On a quest for coffee I stumbled upon Saint-Henri micro-torrefacteur near the Atwater market that craft their beans into incredible drinks. The bar seating lining the large bay windows are popular with the laptop toting crowd and several rows of old church pews make for interesting seating at the front of the cafe though your eyes are naturally drawn to the large roaster in back. The seating area gets a ton of natural light and there's free password protected wi-fi so it's nice... most of the time, avoid coming when they are roasting coffee, it's a noisy process.I tried a cinnamon roll beside the counter, options were limited and it looked like a letdown. Surprised I was. The inside was packed with a sweet cinnamon and sugar mixture and the flaky bread wasn't too dry nor was it soggy. Way exceeded my expectations.The coffee is what makes this place special.  The classic American drip coffee is delightful to enjoy.  It was fresh and well roasted.  Very smooth with balanced flavors, no bitterness even near the end.  Coffee done right.  Glancing around a bit more I noticed a variety of coffee machines, well beyond drip, espresso and press.  Look closely and you'll see Chemex makers, Aeropress machines and a few other bizarre contraptions.I get vibes that the crew at Saint-Henri's care about the coffee craft.  The coffee is some of the nicest I've experienced in the city so I'll be returning often.
4	Thumbs up:- Good "new school" espresso coffees- Fresh beans for you cup or to go- Cozy-trendy atmosphere (with good musical selection playing.;)- Beautiful windows to sit by- Friendly baristas- Offering different kind of classes about coffeeThumbs down:- Not a big choice of snacksReally nice spot if you are passing by or living around. They also have free wi-fi.
5	This reminds me of a culmination of coffee shops I love in NYC and a few roasters I frequent throughout NJ. Consuming coffee here is a pleasant experience. I love the church pew seating. Thoroughly enjoyed my drink. Will likely buy a bag on my way out.
5	8 hours in the car. New Jersey rush hour. Rain through the Adirondacks.Thankfully, there was this gem to be found just two blocks away from the Atwater room we had rented. Had an Americano, which was downright soul-soothing. They roast their own beans which gives the place an INTENSE (almost too much so, but ultimately lovely) smell. The wifi is crappy, it should be noted, but hey, good coffee demands you remove your head from your technology.
5	Having tried St-Henri Emery first, I expected no less from this St-Henri establishment. I visited the cafe on a sunny Saturday and it was quite full but I found just enough space to settle down. The coffee is damn fine. I had an Americano which was medium bodied and soft on the buds. I was anticipating pretentiousness since I hear they take their coffee seriously, but none at all! Lots of different people flowing through from students, chatting couples, you name it.I love the space, although tables are small and bar tops along windows are narrow, it is compensated by the large windows--which on a sunny day fills the cafe with tons of light which is a huge factor for me-- friendly service, well spaced out interior, nice decor, good music that doesn't try and compete with your thoughts or own music, and old pews for extra seating= excellent.
5	I had no intention of actually going to this place, in fact I had no idea it existed since it was my first time down this particular stretch.  This trendy-looking little coffee shop presented itself and I decided to come in and look around.After a stop at the Atwater Market (where I was only able to find coffee beans with a "Use By" date of the previous month) I'm glad I found this place.  I was able to pick up a great Ethiopian Sidamo for my loft, and the woman behind the counter proved to be knowledgeable and happy to help out.  At the time of my visit it was a pretty full house, which of course makes perfect sense -- the coffee is delicious and it's a really cool environment.It's a bit out of the way for me, maybe a mile walk from the loft.  But I need the exercise and they've definitely won my repeat business, so they'll be seeing me again very soon.
1	I am a coffee lover and only the best will do, I have bought freshly roasted beans from here and they were good. So good that I came back again and much to my surprise they had some beans that were being roasted as I came in, which is usually a plus in my book. Although, when asking for some nice fresh beans that were just roasted I got barked at by a thirty something hipster-type individual saying that he has no time to bag a small bag of the already bagged beans. The counter girls were fine, they even offered us some fresh beans, in good keeping with business practices that state the customer is always right. However when one is caught up and reveling in supplying  oh so many restaurants while the customer kindly asks they for some fresh beans in favor of the sorry-looking three week old ones on the wall, the business will lose business to the microroaster in atwater market where the same beans are half the price and fresher too.
4	I can't lie, the pews and church references are a little overwhelming, but are just sarcastic enough for me to be okay with it. My friend and I got God Shot and Holy Cow macchiatos to compare. The Holy Cow won hands down, but I was not disappointed with the God Shot, it wasn't the smooth creaminess of the Holy Cow. Their pastry case had these strata-like, veggie things. I was informed that they were scones. Didn't get a chance to have one (still stuffed from a giant brunch) but they just looked amazing.
4	Great coffee here at Saint-Henri. Roasting wonderful coffees on their very own Probat roaster they also have great brewing machines from the humble Aeopress to a La Marzocco Strada espresso machine. Worth a short walk from the Metro Station. Support your local roasters and cafes brothers and sisters! They even have church pews to sit in and genuflect to The God of the Bean!
1	I used to live on rue bourget and the four years that i did and apparently many before this location sat empty. I drink a fair amount of espresso based coffee, the first coffee I ever drank was an espresso, so you can imagine I was excited at the prospect of being able to get one at the corner of my street.A group of us went in the day that they opened all supportive and 'welcome to the neighbourhood' like, all four us were shocked at the incredible attitude served with the coffee. Twice more did I have same style service. Never again.I am tired of feeling like I need to get down on my knees to pay hommage to whatever arrogant barista is giving the machine and themselves a handjob.Third wave please come crashing ashore and then roll back into the depths from whence you came, never to surface again.
5	Found this place while on a walk from my house. I stopped by to do a little writing and get an americano. The coffee is delicious. Love it, I'm absolutely a fan. Staff was very friendly. I was also surprised that they had burridos. After being disappointed time and again by Montreal burridos I decided to give theirs a try. They only have one kind (maybe it changes every day?) The burrido was bean, rice, and corn with som pico de gallo in it. Wasn't fresh, but wasn't all that bad either. I'm looking forward to trying more treats next time I come.
5	Great beans and great coffee. Service varies from the perfectly competent to the delightfully surly (if you're lucky enough to go at the right time). Sometimes there are hipsters but don't worry, the staff don't fucking like them any more than you do.
5	My wife and I were totally lost in Montreal, stopped here to get directions, and with no indication we were going to buy take-out coffee and tea, the server gave us great and detailed directions.We all need the "kindness of strangers," and any place that has that on tap is going to be good for a neighborhood. The coffee and tea were both great.One of the arguments I make in my e-book, Food for City Building, is that vibrant main streets anchored by a range of food stores, add enormously to the social capital of a neighborhood -- as we see happening in front of our eyes in Saint Henri.Thank you for your hospitality.
5	When it comes to coffee, and especially good coffe, this is definitely a place you want to visit. From espresso to aero press, filter, mocha, chai latte, you name it, you'll find whatever you're in the mood for. Selection of muffins and pastries, the almond croissant was big and really good !Service is nice and the place is cozy. With... Church benches to sit on. Why not. They brew their own coffee here too so a nice smell will welcome you. Possibility to buy any coffee they have on the menu to bring home. Enjoy !
3	This is for you if you are looking for a spot to work on your laptop for hours in a quiet enough environment.The place isn't that clean and the espresso was worse than at any major chain.
2	Two and can be, but often deliberately chooses not to be, three or four stars:The staff cannot currently make a consistent espresso. My Americano often tastes like a watered down soup of old coffee grounds due to the lack of mindfulness of its preparer.This absolutely must be fixed if I am not to be completely swayed from coming here.My experience is dependent on who is working what shift. I roll dice every time I come here. Fortunately, the odds have been in my favor some part of the time.
3	Amazing moka.  I don't know why,  but it was spicy. No complaints about it. Pastries not very good though. That's why it lost some stars.
