5	Small place. Super friendly and helpful staff that seems to genuinely want you to be happy. Prices are fair and the portions are equally fair. This is the kind of place a person can frequent and make it theirs. I hope this place stays open for a long time. Say hi to Six at the grill, he'll treat you right. And Dennis (the boss) at the register is never lacking a good story. Good job guys! You've got a customer for life!
5	This restaurant is so amazing! Especially if you like quick, yummy, flavorful food! It is perfect for students and staff at UNLV, the location is super close to campus and the prices can't be beat. The restaurant is also great for pescatarians as most of the offerings are delicious fish. I recommend the Po Boy Sandwiches, Fried Clams and the Cole Slaw. Yum Yum
5	SOOOOO GOOD! Food is fresh and perfectly cooked. The service is great as well and you feel like family there. I highly recommend Mr D'z! *Perfect for an inexpensive meal and college budgets*Healthy alternatives available *Try the clam strips!
4	I got my food Fast,the service was friendly,the food good and fresh! Love the price for the amount of food I received.I will go back for the shrimp alone.
2	Prices were fair, was served what seemed to be frozen clams. Was expecting fresh seafood not frozen. The bun was cold and should have been toasted. The garlic fries were weird and not crunchy on the verge of mushy. Had no idea this places was across the street from UNLV, might come back if I'm around, but hopefully they get fresher product.
5	Very delicious Po Boys and free clam strips when you sink a putt? Count me in. Mr. D'z fish house is great seafood at a great price.
5	This place is so good. Besides sushi, it's the freshest fish I've had in town. I got the lunch combo (two pieces of cod, cole slaw, and fries). The inside is really cute and covered in framed jazz posters. Everyone who works here seems really friendly and you can tell they love what they do. Welcoming atmosphere, great food, great prices.
5	This restaurant is most definitely a hidden gem. I stopped by to try Mr.D's catfish, and was not disappointed! The food was made fast and came out HOT and FRESH! Once I tried the food I was hooked! Their house sauce is a great addition to the already great flavor in their food! Another favorite of mine is their chicken strips. Most meals, so far, have come with a nice portion of fries. You'll  never walk out of the door hungry I'll guarantee that! I plan on trying everything on the menu!
2	Decided to drop by and give this place a shot and was somewhat disappointed.  Upon entering the establishment the "cook" was outside taking a nap at lunch table and woke up 10 minutes later when other customers started walking in!! I originally wanted to order the chicken wings but after realizing i was paying $7 for 8 wings made me realize how frozen and processed they were and the gentlemen there ended up telling me that they were WING DINGS.   As I perused the menu more I finalized my decision to the fried catfish and got nothing more than a basic un-favorful corn meal breading, that I had to drown in salt and hot sauce.Last BUT FOR-SURE NOT LEASTAs another women and I ate our food, a friend of the guy behind the counter walks in and ask him why they changed locations. For the life of me he should've just texted him the answer because he went into a in depth conversation about how other people running the restaurant left meat and fish out and they received several violations.Doubt ill do round 2
5	Really good Catfish Po Boy!!! Fries were great as well. Looking forward to trying the other menu items. Little hard to find, it's in the shopping plaza across from Unlv bottom floor
5	Always good food! The staff is the best and you can't beat the price, but the fish is the reason to go. YUM!
5	I am writing this in the satisfied lull of a food coma. The beautiful weather today combined with the general relaxed atmosphere and easy listening provided by the Rebel radio station 91.5 (the Source) made for one great lunch experience.Being a college student, I'm pretty sick of the Student Union selection and much prefer to walk to the nearby location to find one of a kind po' boys. I just had the catfish lunch combo ($8) including three strips of catfish, fries, and a Mac and cheese. In short, delicious, fresh, and filling.What I would really like to comment on is the atmosphere. Mr. D is a very welcoming and genuine guy. He's got that good old hospitality that really helps bring down the rush and bustle of the day. The decor is simple and helps spruce up what is otherwise a literally a washed up strip mall. (If you didn't know, this place is subject to flooding and happened one year. Feels kinda like a revitalized New Orleans in here) Strike up a conversation, take your time, enjoy the food and company and you will be doing Mr. Dz fish house right.It's not that I have time to kill exactly; I have homework to do. But I did need lunch and a break. When I'm done with this review, I'll be heading back to the library feeling surprisingly rejuvenated and calm and ready to tackle my assignments.Homegrown, traditional, family, people oriented, good food. That's how I would tag this place. I'll be coming back. Thanks Mr. D!
5	OMG!   First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular.  The shrimp PoBoy was on hit!!!   I thought I was back in New Orleans.  Delicious, seasoned right, bread fresh and hot.  Nice and friendly staff.  I had to get the cook's name...Six.  He really knows how to cook.  YUMMO.
5	If you're looking for Southern, deep-fried seafood, this is the spot. It's so hard to find good fried catfish, but Mr. D's does it justice. Their fried clam strips are pretty good too. Classic soul food cooking at an inexpensive price.
