4	I stayed here for a week for a fall vacation in Montreal.  I booked it through hotels.com after hemming and hawing over the cost, safety, parking, and location.  I tend to use hotels for sleeping and sexytime so I wasn't going to spend $$$$ on a luxury hotel.  Not my style.  I'm fiscally responsible and saving for my retirement.  Getting here wasn't too hard.  I didn't realize it was valet parking only so we circled the block trying to figure that out, then just parked right in front of it on Rue Peel.  The valet came out and said we could check in and the get our things from the car.  Walking through the automatic double doors on the right revealed a fancy-looking lobby connected to a cafe and Lebanese restaurant.  A ramp off to the right was another nice touch for ease of wheeling luggage. Jeremy at the front desk was very nice and helpful. He provided us with our keys, valet parking tag for unlimited access to our car 24/7 at $25 CND every day, and access codes to the complementary wireless internet. Our room on the 4th floor was probably the biggest I've stayed in abroad. (Hence, the Best Western Ville-Marie SUITES!)  It was an older room, non-smoking, furnishings looked like they were from the 1970s, but it was clean and comfortable.  We had a closet with sliding mirrored doors, full bath with a decent amount of counter space, 2 dressers, mini-fridge, small table with 2 chairs, and a queen-sized bed. The bed was soft, comforter fit for a Canadian winter, and the a/c thing was not well-controlled. It was cold and we ended up unplugging it our last day. But not so cold that we needed the comforter and could have used the blankets in the closet. Our room was cleaned every day. Sheets were changed every 3 days. We hung up our to signal we didn't want new towels, but they often changed the towels anyway. We could tell because they once tossed a towel into the tub and left 2 fresh ones. The wifi worked well in our hotel room. It was a perfect downtown location - just a couple of blocks from Parc Mont Royal, one block from the Rue Peel Metro station, and walking distance to downtown shopping, the Musee de Beaux Arts, and restaurants/bars around the neighborhood centered around Rue Crescent bordered by Rue Sainte-Catherine and Blvd de Maisonneuve. I would definitely stay again!
2	Standard. Great Location. But a bit too expensiveThe location is the main highlight. If you're parking a car there, it's +$25 per night. The valet service is manditory, and it becomes annoying to wait every time you need access your car.With a car it jumps to 150 + 25 per night, which is a bit much. Might as well go for something with more amenities, like a pool.Loved the location, but not sure I would stay here again. I just don't see the value.
1	I stayed here for NYE last night, and the hotel had come up with the most ridiculous strategy for dealing with partygoers. We were required to wear wristbands as hotel guests, and no one without a wristband was allowed into the hotel after 11pm on New Years or the few nights previous. The reasoning was that there were so many underagers staying at the hotel, but my friends and I were not impressed. Additionally, this policy was not announced on the website. As young professionals trying to have a good time, this hotel made us feel as though we were spending the night in a uiversity residence rather than a hotel. Very unpleasant.
4	There was an issue with house keeping not cleaning the room properly and the front desk person addressed our issue and also gave everyone complementary free breakfast . The hotel service is good and they serve a high volume of clients .
5	Great experience - hotel is charming and clean.  Our room was comfortable and nicely decorated.  Staff was very helpful.  Great location too.
1	We had a terrible experience with a condescending, unhelpful, unpleasant and bullying attendant (Richard) at check-in, which unfortunately coloured our whole stay. We had booked two rooms to accommodate our family which includes young children. At check in, Richard advised that the rooms were only available on separate floors. He didn't seem to care that this wouldn't work for us, and was unwilling to make any other room available. He did not offer to see what he could do or anything - but just kept telling me there was nothing he could do - in an unhelpful and unpleasant manner. After I persisted, he finally agreed to give us the suite which we had booked for the second night for the first night as well. He refused to give it to us at the same price we had booked it at but insisted we had to pay rack rate -- and if that wouldn't work for us, then just accept the rooms on separate floors. After he gave us the suite, he then gave me a lecture about how my situation was just depriving another guest of a room that they had booked, that it was very unfortunate that I was doing so, and that he now had the challenging task of having to find them another room. I felt very unwelcome at check in. He made it very clear that we weren't welcome. The worst part of the whole experience was that my kids listened on (they ran in with me because they were so excited to be at the hotel!) and they felt unhappy and anxious about the check in experience and particularly Richard for the duration of the stay. This was not the kind of experience we expected or have had in the past with Best Western. We will not stay at Best Western Ville Marie again.
2	We are here for a stag party and the front desk started us on the wrong foot with an ill accommodating attitude, a condescending attitude and really zero customer service. Considering the area and the surrounding competition, this was a terrible surprise and next time we have to bring friends we will bring our business elsewhere. One plus was the porter who was nice and accomidating unlike the front desk fellow ...
1	I stayed at your Best Western Villa Marie location located in Quebec, Canada for a bachelor party this past weekend with a small group of friends. If I can describe this place in 1 word it would be ... RACIST. The night manager James was very rude and called my friend a "CHINK" when they had a disagreement about something so minor I can't even think of it at this time . When this was brought to the attention of the general manager, the general manager defended the night manager saying "he's been with the company for so long, he's normally very nice". "Normally very nice" has no place in today's hospitality industry. Best Western I am "normally very nice" but this needs to be addressed at a corporate level for your "normally very nice" brand to survive.
