5	If you have to go to the dermatologist, it's much more pleasurable to go to an office that you don't have to wait forever to see the doctor, that has friendly staff, is clean, and easy to get to... I am so thankful that my boyfriend referred me to Phoenix Dermatology for all of the above reasons and more.I've been on a couple of occasions to see Dr. Darren West.  (Lucky me, I was born into a family that is prone to birthmarks and hence we need annual check ups!)  Both times, I've been really impressed with not only the office, but the amount of time that Dr. West spent with me.  He is professional yet extremely personable, and makes you feel comfortable right away.    I also referred my brother to go to this office recently and he called me to thank me after... Unfortunately, it's rare that you find a medical office these days that exceeds your expectations, but Dr. West and Phoenix Dermatology did just that.If you need to go see a dermatologist, I recommend this office without a doubt.  You'll be in good hands with Dr. West!
5	Best dermatologist I've been to. They always attend you in a timely manner. The ladies working the reception desk are always super friendly. I go with Darren West. He is great and still remembers me from 2 years ago when I was last in for my acne. He is always upbeat and friendly. He is always trying to get to know you as a person AND patient. He doesnt see you as a dollar sign. He knows how to take action on any skin problems I may have. Always quick and direct to the point. They usually give you a bunch Of samples of any medication you might need. Yay! Its like Costco samples but good for you...! I've been to other dermatologist offices where they overbook everyone and the whole waiting room is bursting with patients while you wait for an hour. NOT HERE :) its close to home. New and clean facility. I definitely recommend this office.Oh and they have a raffle every month...which you should so not enter because Ummm....I don't want to lose to you :(
5	Phoenix Dermatology is awesome.  The entire clinic is run very well.  The receptionists are always very friendly and personable, and they always make sure things are running correctly and taking care of any business with insurance.   They are also super friendly on the phone when calling with questions or scheduling appointments. Wait time in the office is also short.Dr. Darren West is also a great doctor - he's super friendly and spends a fair amount of time with you to make sure you know exactly what your treatment entails.  I never felt like I was being rushed so he could see another patient.  And when it's time to leave, the front desk has all the paperwork ready for you!
1	Dr Darren West is great. We've used him several times during the last 2 years. So, 5 stars for him!However, my beef is with the office. Due to a conflicting schedule (new born baby appt), I could not take my daughter in for her visit. Since her Nana was taking her, I called the office to prepay my copay and update our insurance information. I sent the new card along with my mother. Somehow, the new insurance info did not get entered. So, they billed to the old insurance company. Six months later, I get a bill for $335. Naturally, they cannot bill to the current insurance company b/c of the time limitations. I've talked to everyone and no one can seem to do anything about it. Everyone has an "off" day, I get it. But, someone's "off" day shouldn't cost me $335. So, sadly, I cannot recommend Phoenix Dermatology. Maybe try their Scottsdale location?
