5	This place is unique and has a super cool vibe. the owner is from Cornwall, England, accent and all, and seems like a real nice guy, working the ovens with the rest of the employees.the place is long and thin, and pretty small. if you sit at the bar that looks right into the kitchen, do not sit in front of the oven- every time they open the doors you get a blast of hot air.they used to do $3 Irish Car Bombs all the time, but not sure if they still do. a great little date place if you want someplace unique to share an intimate drink. the pasties are huge and totally filling, though. so if you plan on doing anything after, be wary of eating the whole thing.
4	"Pasties" sounded, well, how can I say this delicately? Yucky. Since I ate them I had read up on them a bit and understand that they are a traditional British favorite, made of uncooked meats and vegetables baked into a pie shell. But, I still had my doubts...I hesitantly ordered the Oggie -- my server told me it was the most traditional -- and my Significant Other chose the Lamb and Mint (?). The restaurant had an upscale "vibe" --- entertaining cooks, nice servers, smiling diners, and interesting music on the satellite radio. The prices were very reasonable and the portions HUGE. I can't say I am yet a big fan of pasties, but if you are, this place has a lot going for it.
4	Why did it take me so long to find this place? It's kind of tucked away on the side of a shopping mall with very little fanfare. If you peek in you may think its just a bar, and indeed, they have a great selection of beer for such a small restaurant. However, it's much better than that. The Pastys--large hot pastries stuffed with meat and/or veggies--are fantastic and come in dozens of traditional and not so traditional varieties, including many vegetarian-friendly versions. Some of these utilize fake meat so something of the taste of some of the traditional meat pastys can be enjoyed by all. Some of the more eclectic pastys have Greek and Indian flavors. They all come fresh baked (you can watch the crew make 'em) too! For $7, I was nicely filled, and got to people watch the varied crowd and crew of Cornish Pasty, all of whom seemed to enjoy making these unique hot pastries. In fact, they were so busy it was a little hard to get some attention. For example, I waited comically long for my bill to be picked up and charged. No worries though. I can read my paper or talk to my friend while I enjoy the warm memories of my pasty.
4	I'm just excited that this place will make a Vegan pasty. You gotta call an hour in advance so that he can make the dough..and he leaves off the eggwash (so yours is a bit different looking than the others) but hey, its a different food in a veg-lacking AZ. Both of our pasties were somewhat oversalted, so 4 stars for that. However, don't let that deter you. Most food in AZ tastes oversalted so maybe its just me.I'd say 'not good for groups" (meaning larger than 4) cause the place is kinda small.
5	I find this place absolutely delicious, but rarely end up going there when the inevitable conversation arises: "Where do you want to go? I dunno. Where do you want to go?" It is a bit tucked away in a little strip mall, so I'm going to chalk it up to location and not the fact that I typically have the memory of a gnat.If you've never had a pasty (pronounced pah-stee, unlike the pay-stee nipple adhesives strippers wear), you're missing out on a hearty English Hot Pocket. However, likening it to a Hot Pocket does it a disservice. Hot Pockets consist of cardboard crust filled with nuclear hot goo that causes blisters and cursing, rather than sighs of content and delight. While both are great drunk/hangover food, the Cornish Pasty Co. far surpasses the measly freezer dried Hot Pocket. While they have flavors that are also available as Hot Pocket varieties (taste test!), my dining partner routinely reminds me that he will shun me for indulge in one of those. Not that it's hard to find at least five different flavors that you could imagine chowing down. I always end up just blurting out my decision at the last minute to end my indecisiveness. They updated the menu recently and it now includes a bunch of flavors that weren't previously available, like carne adovada. Mmm. So if you haven't been here in a while, give it another go and try something new.For about seven bucks you get a huge, stick-to-your-ribs pastry filled with a wide variety of meats and vegetables. I've never tried the vegetarian choices, but there are quite a few on the menu (about half as many as the non-vegetarian options). Among the traditional pasties, you can't go wrong with the oggie, shepards pie or lamb and mint. I've tried the chicken tikka masala, greek chicken, and lamb vindaloo from the fancy schmancy options and they were just as stellar. The greek salad is also pretty respectable, with a hefty amount of kalamata olives and feta cheese. Watching the cooks at work is part of the fun at this place, so have a seat at the bar. Just make sure to do so far enough away from the oven that you won't end up dried out like beef jerky at the end of your meal. When you get the bill, there's a cashier near the door that you can cash out at if you're in a hurry, since the servers are a little bit on the slow side. Slow, laid back, whatever. Their happy hour is also an awesome option to opt for, and is offered every day from 3 to 5 pm. There's a dollar off beers, three dollar Irish car bombs and two dollar top shelf shots (Ketel One vodka, Jameson whiskey, etc.), so if you're looking to spend an afternoon getting stinko and munching on some awesome food, this is the place to be.UPDATE: I've tried just about every non-veggie pasty on the menu. The salmon trumps them all. Do it.
5	I've been eating at the Cornish Pasty Company since shortly after they opened, and I've been consistently impressed.Their menu is constantly expanding, and every single pasty I've tried has been amazing.  ALL of them.  There are only a few of the veggie pasties I haven't tried.  Outside of the original and traditional ones, though, the Rosemary Chicken and the Pilgrim have to be my favorites.  There's no need for side dishes or appetizer breads or anything, since every delicious bite you need comes wrapped up neatly in an egg-brushed pastry pocket fresh out of the oven.  It's exactly the right amount of food.The owner is an extremely friendly, knowledgeable, and cool fella, and he's always looking at ways to make his business better.  He's chosen a great crew to meet the increasing demands of this growing hot spot, since everyone who works there is nice and down-to-earth.  I've never seen a single employee lounging or wasting time there.What they do really, really well:  (1) All of the FOOD, including the salads and desserts.  (2) The beer selection is incredible, full of tasty imports and domestics both on tap and in bottles.  (3) The prices are excellent.  (4) The decor is sleek and modern, complete with classic rock playing at a quiet yet audible volume.What they could improve on:  There's very little room for parties of 4.  There's plenty of counter space, a handful of tables for 2, and a custom table for 3 that's kind of neat, but the small area at the back that used to be smaller tables is now one large table.  Parties of 4 now take up the whole area (that could seat up to 8), making it awkward for any other big parties coming in.  Plus, you can't cut through tables to sit on the bench side of the booth anymore.  You have to scoot down the length of the table and then push everyone out again if you have to get up for any reason.  (A very small fault, considering that everything else about the place is incredible!)Overall, this is one of Tempe's best little restaurants.  Whenever I'm not craving food from a particular location, pasties have become the default food for my whole household.  They're always tasty and we just never get tired of them.  I have to move out of state soon, and of all the places we've eaten in our 10 years here, I will miss the Cornish Pasty Company the most!!!
5	I'm in LOVE with Cornish Pasty Co!  If you've never had a pasty (pass-tee) before, picture a big pocket made from buttery-flaky crust and filled with your heart's desire!They have nearly a dozen delicious, vegetarian pasties to choose from!  I love the Veggie Oggie filled with veggie-steak, potatoes, rutabaga and onions.  Mmmmm!  Pre-order 45 minutes before hand and they'll custom make you a vegan one!My only complaint?  Since the place is so small it can really heat up because of the ovens.  Be prepared, it can get pretty hot in there!
4	After hearing about this place for some time I was finally in the neighborhood and thought I would give it a try.  I had heard coworkers raving about this place, none of which live anywhere close to it so I figured it must be worth the drive, and I must say they were right! The food itself was very good, there are tons of  pasties to choose from (it took me a while to remember it is pronounced "pass-tee" and not "pace-tee".......I'm sure a "pace-tee" can be found at a very different establishment nearby).  Anywhere from Sheppard's Pie, to Mexican, to BBQ, you name it.  I plan on trying a variety of them in the future!The only downfall is it is VERY small.  Walking in I thought I was going down a hallway to the main seating area, but no.  That was it.  With the bar staring literally directly into the kitchen I didn't see anything gross or something that shouldn't be there, so that was good.  You also feel the heat of the kitchen, with only a few fans here and there to relieve you.All in all a good "something different", and the prices are reasonable (about $6-$9, $9 being their "premium" selections).
3	I couldn't help but think of the Jim Gaffigan "Hot Pocket" jokes when I went to lunch at Cornish Pasty Co. The pasty, the signature dish, is pretty much a gourmet Hot Pocket, which is made from scratch. There's an abundance of pastys you can order from like the Bangers & Mash or Chicken Alfredo. My favorite is The Royale with Cheese (hamburger meat, grilled onions, mushrooms, bacon and cheddar served with a side of ranch, thousand island, ketchup or BBQ sauce).
4	If you are unfamiliar with the pasty, run... don't walk, to the Cornish Pasty Co. to become acquainted. They serve up a couple of dozen varieties of this British dish from the traditional to the more ethnic. The restaurant is small and dark but that only adds to its charm. Sit at the bar and watch them make magic as they create your pasty in front of you. They have a small beer selection with a handful on tap and a small liquor selection. Bonus: Irish car bombs are $3 at all times.
4	WOW! so glad you guys found this place.  I go to London  every year and when I'm there I don't pass these things up.  They are soo filling and DELICIOUS!!  The only bad thing about the restaurant was the lack of air conditioning and the kitchen is two feet away from the tables. VERY UNCOMFORTABLE AND HOT!  but overall TWO THUMBS UP!!
5	I love this place. I have met Dean about 6 years ago when he was at Casey Moores, yes it is a small world. He is a great guy and he really took the time to learn his mothers way of making the pasty dough. Good for him for bringing a great piece of England to America. The size of the place makes it just that much more or a neighborhood joint. The beer selection is great, Boningtons on tap! If you have never tried a Boningtons, try one, now!The Pastys are awesome, the lamb and rosemary is my favorite. The meatball is by room mates. Irish Car Bombs for $3, I've gotten pissed in there ,more then once. I know that it is a little hot,but we are in the middle of the desert, deal with it. Thank you dean for bringing a little British to America.
5	As if this place needs more high marks.  I used to drive by the place all the time and my so at the time used to joke about Cornish Pastys being what Cornish strippers wore in non nude establishments.  All I can say is yum!So one day, we took the plunge and stopped by after work.  It's dark but not dank.  Narrow but not crowded.  Tasty but not super fast.  Pasty may not be a good every day staple.  But it sure is tasty!  I have tried at least a half dozen menu items and none have steered me wrong but for the real "flava" I'm gonna recommend you stick with the more traditional stuff.  Otherwise you could just end up eating a calzone in disguise and seriously... who wants to eat a Cornish calzone?The staff is nice, and friendly.  The vibe is decent and if you like meat (or veggies)  and potatoes (which may technically be a veggie but is class by itself you know) stuffed into delicous bread.  You will feel as if you have died and gone to heaven.Do not be fooled by cheap imitations! This is not some gussied up hot pocket or some savory pop tart! This is the real deal!  After eating this you'll be ready to go into a coal mine and work for .. well no. That may be stretching the truth.  But the food is really good.One time, I preordered from this place and got a bunch of parbaked Pasties for a Christmas Eve celebration.  They were a big hit.
5	First things first: Don't pronounce "pasty" to rhyme with those things strippers use to cover their nipples (um, or so I've heard...). It's pronounced "pass-tee." Pasties are a traditional lunch food for miners from Cornwall in the UK. They go back hundreds of years, and you can read the menu to learn all about that. Dean, the founder, head chef and all-around professor of pasties, will be happy to add even more, being the good Cornish lad he is. Now, there are a bunch of things I like about CoPaCo. First, the pasties range from the traditional to the totally off-the-wall. The recipes are so varied, from the Royal with Cheese to the Lamb Vindaloo and the Lovely Bit of Salmon, that I can't even pick a favorite. If I go there 10 different times, I'll eat ten different pasties. They're hand-made each day, including the dough. The kitchen crew at this place proves humans built the pyramids - these guys work their tales off keeping the pasties coming, and they make Amish barn raisers look lazy.Second, it's just a fun place. There's usually good, hard rock 'n' roll playing over the sound system. It's a place where you can have some ribald antics and loud laughter and nobody cares. It's laid-back and unpretentious. The staff is courteous, though they can get a bit harried during the busy hours. But they'll always try their hardest and be friendly.Third, there are some great desserts. The bonofee pie (graham cracker crust, whipped cream, bananas, caramel!) is my favorite.What could be better? Eh, I'd ditch the taps that disgorge Kronenburg 1664 and Hoegaarden and drop in a fewer higher-octane brews. In the meantime, the cooler is full of bottled selections. The Skull Splitter is awesome!Keep in mind that even though I gave it five stars, this is not a fancy, high-falutin' sort of place. It's absolutely perfect for what it is: a fun place to gather with your hooligan sidekicks, eat creative twists on the Cornish pasty and listen to some rock music. Brilliant!
5	This place is near my work so I have come here quite a few times for lunch.  Since it takes about 25 minutes for your pasty to be made I call ahead and tell them what I would like and then it is ready when I get there.  Just a tip for those who do not have a lot of time at lunch.  They also have the option to order them half-baked so you can pick them up on your way home from work and complete the baking at home to have them for dinner.   This place has awesome tasty pasties and they are very affordable need I say more?
5	Wicked good food, very convenient, great beer selection.  What's good here?  It's more like what's not good here?  Nothing comes to mind, honest.  The one thing the food is not, though, is light, though they do have salads, if you're concerned.  But then you'd miss out on that excellent buttery pasty dough.  fyi...pasties (pronounced pass-tees) are calzone-like meals, with much richer dough and almost anything you can imagine inside.  There's a huge vegetarian selection too.
5	If you ever had 3 days of meetings in different cities each day, spending more time at the airports than the hotels, you will discover that you can end up eating non stop because food is available everywhere...at the meetings, at the hotel, in your luggage.... and you  eat sometimes just to pass the time.   At the end of the 3rd day, I had seen enough food to feed the LSU National champion football team.  I could out fast Les or Bear on their survivor showsDinner time was approaching.....My business associate and I couldn't face a full course dinner for at least another 24 hours...but we knew we had to eat something so we wouldnt wake up at 3 am famished.  I remembers reading about this place in Yelp that would be perfect for our situation....so remembering some favorable Yelp reviews in Phoenix  I said to him:"How about pastys for dinner?"He went from a relaxed and carefree disposition to a stunned and shocked demeanor.   He looked me like I was from another planet and his glance indicated doubt about my integrity.   Then with a delayed but dry smile he spoke up and said...."Aren't those things they wear at the.....""NOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!    Not pasties......pastys."   I retorted quickly before the people in the lobby heard the next nouns he was just about to utter.   "Pasty's with a short vowel, not long.   Have you ever had one.?"Still thinking of the long vowel version, he hesitated a little and answered with a "No" veiled with a lot of doubt and concern."Good.   That's where we're going."    As I glanced over to him, I could see a sense of curiousity, dispair and expectation of upcoming chaos.We arrived at 7:45 pm.   It's dark everywhere.   In the street, in the parking lot.   We enter the restaurant and it's no brighter.   It is a very narrow and long restaurant with just enough room for seats at the bar nearly the length of the store and small side tables on the side.  The interior decoration theme is obvious here.   Build the biggest bar that would fit in this row house type of store, and accessorize the rest of the restaurant around the bar.  Sitting in a very dark restaurant, with Beatle music blaring away, this English pub type of place had a huge variety of pastys....from traditional steak and potatoes, to bangers and mash, to more contempory selections that include vegetarian, curries, and fish.   They have a huge selection of international beers, many of which are of the UK......duhhh.I wanted to eat "light" so I selected the Lovely Bit a Salmon which isAtlantic Salmon in a white wine cream & dill sauce, sauted asparagus, spinach, roasted red potatoes, spinach and roasted tomatoes. WHAT A GREAT DISH.   Everything was layered carefully inside the pasty which was served cut in half.  The salmon was cooked perfectly.  The asparagus was not over cooked but had a crunch.   All the flavors blended well together.   I still wasn't hungry so I took one half of it back to the hotel....and had it for breakfast the following morning......which tasted just great.My buddy had Spicy Asiago Chicken which was spicy chicken, roasted corn, black beans, asiago cheese, hatch chilies, and Mexican stewed tomatoes with a side of sour cream & salsa.   That too was excellent.If ever in Phoenix, this would be worth any drive to have lunch or dinner and a beer.After dinner I asked him if he would return to eat here and he said he readily would.    Then I detected a slight pause and a curl of a smile in the background.........maybe he was fantasizing buying a long vowel...
3	This place has some pretty damn good food, it's different than anything else out there, and it's definitely worth going back, but I gave this place a few tries and I think it could use a little something.Specifically, both times I visited, I didn't like the dirty countertop (sticky, yuck!) or the dirty wine glasses hanging in front of me. And I didn't like having to either speak up or wait an extra ten minutes every time I wanted to order, get my check, or get my change on each visit. I even see people acknowledge the shitty service in their 5-star reviews and I don't quite get it.It was damn tasty though.
5	Five stars for Cornish Pasty -- for being something a little different, for having tasty food AND for having about a dozen choices for us vegetarians. I LOVE that this place offers their pasties with Quorn (fake chicken). I've had both the Veggie Rosemary Chicken and the Veggie Tikka Masala with it and they are both awesome.Yes, it's loud, sometimes it's dirty and sometimes the service is slow -- but I'll gladly put up with that for a taste of their pasties.Also, Cornish Pasty is a great place to take out-of-towners -- they love it!
4	I have a small history with pasties.  Having close friends that have been eating pasties since before Christ was born + hanging around said friends for 20 years = a small history with pasties.I recently heard about this place on Yelp and every time I saw the name, I managed to over and over mis-read it as pastry.  My only defense is that I keep getting those forwards from folks that say it doesn't matter the order of the letters or even if all of them are there, you're brain will figure it out anyway.  i guess this time my brain figured wrong.  I digress...It never occurred to me that this little known dish would have it's own establishment run in its honor.  Of course, once I finally clued in that it was pasty and not pastry and stopped acting like someone hopped up on pills, I naturally invited my pasty-lovin' friends to share in the experience.  They too were elated at the variety of pasty options and the fact this was the restaurant's purpose and specialty.  An added bonus is how f'n cheap it is.  Talk about a steal!This place was packed!  Someone said to get there before 8 or 830, but it was 7 and overflowin'.  We managed to fit 5 of us in the awkward geometrical booth built for 3.  My two pasty veterans ordered the Oggie with ketchup since that's what they grew up on (minus the rutabaga).  They both liked it, but thought it was a little spicy due to the rutabaga and the fact they are both ridiculously sensitive to spice induced heat.  One of their sig others ordered a chicken pasty of some sort which he thought was just okay.  The other +1 and I had the shepherd's pie and there wasn't a crumb to be found on either plate.  Our waitress seemed completely unfriendly and a little standoff-ish.    She warmed up as the meal progressed, chatted with us, and she ended up being a great waitress.  One of the guys drinks diet coke like he's in some sort of contest.  After he downed the first one in record time and the waitress gave him a curious "you need a refill already" look, he warned her that he drinks a lot of diet coke and will be gettin' a lot of refills.  About two minutes later she came back with a pitcher so he could refill till his thirst is content.  Rock star move on her part.  We all left full, happy, and ready for the next phase of the evening.I'll definitely be back again - maybe even for lunch since I work relatively close.  Just remember pasty, not pastry.  Yum!
4	I love Cornish Pasty....a more traditional Arizona fare simply does not exist in Tempe. When I bite into an Oggie, I imagine all the "Cousin Jacks" in the mines from Bisbee to Jerome eating their pasty and leaving the arsenic tainted crumbs to pacify the "knockers."Dean, a native Cornishman, has blessed Tempe with the perfect belly filling fare for students, workmen, and tourist. His gourmet twist on the classics with curry and vindaloo will satiate the most hard-pleased epicure. Have a pint and a pasty soon, and see what you have been missing.
5	Yum!  Despite enduring the inevitable pasty v. pastee conversations (with my own party as well as the one that sat next to us), I have nothing but kind words for Cornish Pasty Co.  My Pepper Steak Pasty was delicious with Stilton blue cheese, zucchini, leeks, and big chunks of steak.  All of my favorite flavors in a nice, cute little package!  Boddington's on tap! Please, tell me, when are you coming to San Francisco?
4	Although I won't be given a 5 star review, I would easily say that the Cornish Pasty in it's own special way fits in my top 3 restaurants I've been too in Phoenix.I had never tasted pasties before until meeting my girlfriend and had doubts as to the potential quality of "British" food but I was truly blown away and have always left happy and never dissatisfied with my meal. It's hard to not stick to your favorites (the pesto chicken) I've personally also enjoyed the Shepherd's pie and chicken Alfredo as well. They also have a decent list of import beers which caps off the experience.Meal aside though, in terms of the complete experience, meal, atmosphere, waiters,etc, that is were it loses it's one star. First off the location isn't very big...and they only have one location (this is a positive...but at the same time, just like Pita Jungle, with it's many locations and consistent quality, I would love to see another one arrive and I know this is the case soon). Secondly, and it's nearly impossible to avoid due to the size of the restaurant and the proximity to the kitchen, the place can get a bit hot and stuffy. But otherwise, whether a resident or a visitor wanting to try a "recommended" place, I would put my money on Cornish Pasty for a very delicious and filling meal.
5	I went to this place for the first time today and I loved it! The restaurant was so cute, and the food was delicious! This way the first pasty I've ever had and it was great. The service was fantastic, our waitress was actually british so that definitely helped. I hadn't heard of the place before but it was really crowded. I will definitely be going back here multiple times
3	FOOD: I don't know why Cornish Pasty is listed as British food. Most of the choices of pasties are not British at all. For those of you who don't know what a pasty is, it's basically a baked pastry case filled with your choice of ingredients. Very much resembles a pie. Pasties are the only item on the menu but there are a wide variety of flavors. I had the Oggy, and it was enjoyable mostly because it was different than most foods I eat for lunch or have even tried before (and it seemed the most British). The ingredients are not amazing, but overall it was a good lunch. Dip your pasty in ketchup so it isn't so dry. PRICE: The pasties are kinda expensive for what you get. A pasty will run for about $8-9 without any sides. The pasties aren't very large, but will be enough for a lunch. SERVICE: We were served by a nice girl, and the lunch went very smoothly. ATMOSPHERE: Very thin dining area. Only one table can sit 3 people, the rest are bar stools and 2 person tables. Didn't really seem British with the metal rock playing in the kitchen either. Maybe if it was the Sex Pistols...SKINNY: Cornish Pasty is great lunch spot at best, but doesn't offer anything that will blow your socks off. Interesting food with decent taste. I'll probably be going back.
4	Nice.  So I tried my first pasty today, and damn is was good.  I had the Shepard's Pie which was filled with meat, peas, carrots, and potatoes all covered in cheese and then stuffed in a flaky crust. They have many different kinds (about 25) so I guess I need to go back 24 more times or so.They also have really a really good beer selection but I would rather drink all day at a place like Casey's Moore's and then stumble down here for the food.Minus one star for not being around when I went to ASU and lived just down the street from this place, I could have biked home from the bars with a pasty in my hand.
4	Small restaurant that serves all kinds of British pasties. Takes a while to get served though but the pasties are great. You can choose so many kinds. Don't take a big group here since it's a small place. Too bad there isn't another one in the Valley besides Tempe.
4	These pasties are huge.  I mean they're bigger than Janet Jackson's breasts, and they are a steal at $7 or so.   So for value, quality and portions this is probably among your best bets in Tempe.Punk rock and British pub grub are predictable and go together like PB&J, but Cornish Pasty is probably one of the more distinctive restaurants in the Valley for its niche of pasties in a quick service restaurant/diner setting.My buddy was in town visiting and staying in Tempe wanted something unique for the area.  Given that he's used to Mexican, I opted for Cornish Pasty since it was nearby.My friend couldn't finish his Oggie, with steak, potato, onion & rutabaga, but I couldn't resist polishing off the Cajun, blackened chicken breast, bacon, ham and swiss, served with an addictive side of chipotle sauce.  Spicy, but not overwhelming, but a bit on the greasy side as a warning. The beer selection here is admirable, and had we not had to go back to work for the man that day, we would have certainly indulged.  Kronenbourg, Boddington's and Strongbow on tap, plus your expected hipster brews available by the bottle: Chimay and Rogue among them. The setting looks diner-ish with its long narrow strip mall set-up and open kitchen.  The atmosphere here is dark and weathered, but not dumpy.  The difficulty here is deciding on a pasty.  I could have easily gone for a meat and cheese, a Mexican pasty, or chicken tikka masala. Luckily, our server was very knowledgeable about the different pasties as we couldn't make up our mind, so his recommendations were well taken.
5	AWESOME PLACE!  For vegans, vegetarians or meat-eaters, this is definitely the place to go if you want hearty food, a good cider (or beer) and a hip place to eat!  (Call ahead if you're vegan so they can make your pasty up fresh w/out the butter.)  The taste...well, to die for.  I've had both the meat and the veg pasties and I haven't found a bad one yet.  Usually I can only eat one pasty...but if you starve up for a bit beforehand and have enough room, the desserts are awesome too.  The ambiance of this place rocks!  Black and silver, British-pub nostalgia is the theme, and you'll find that the waiters are cool, hip people and the staff, busy busy busy right in front of you cooking up the next batch of pasties. So, if you come alone, no worries...prepare to be entertained by the huge staff working in the kitchen (which is right across the bar from you).  Alone, with friends or even w/the kids, there's something for everyone here...there's even a yummy peanut butter and jelly pasty for those picky kids (or discerning adults ready for dessert)!!
4	The food here is amazing! Before going the first time I didn't understand the idea but now I love it. My favorite is probably the traditional but the Royal with Cheese is damn good too! The service is great but it is just a bit small. They are opening a second location soon and I heard it has much more space!
5	This place is great!! I have taken several people and everyone has loved it. Vegetarians as well as meat eaters all enjoy Cornish Pasty Company. There is a ton of choices, even if you are not feeling the pasty have the side of mashed potato's there are great as well.
5	It rules, I love the Hoegaarden as well as the the salmon, and Lamb Vindaloo pasties.  This is probably my favorite restaurant in Tempe.  There is one really good pasty but I'm keeping it a secret.
5	Ok, so I just tried this place after reading all the good reviews.Like someone mentioned before, the Lovely Bit O Salmon is awesome.  Of course I didn't get that, but my coworker did and it made me jealous!  I got the Spicy Asiago Chicken and although it was really good, it was nothing like the taste I had of the salmon pasty.  I will have to get that salmony creamy goodness next time. These things will fill you up.  I felt like I needed a nap after my pasty lunch!
4	Located in a strip mall center, a small place that has a long, dark bar and a few tables lining the walls. The Pasty may not look like much but that is because all the effort is spent preparing the delicious pockets of heaven. You can sit at the bar and watch them make the pasties right in front of you using all fresh ingredients. A few of my favorites are the bangers and mash served with red wine gravy and the carne adovada served with salsa and sour cream. They have just as many vegetarian options and use the brand Quorn which is great, I have had quite a few of their veggie patsies and they are all delicious.This place is small so not recommended for big groups and if you go during lunch expect a wait - and trust me the wait is worth it!
4	I need to confirm that the Cornish Pasty Company is a pocket of heavenly yum yum.My husband got himself a peppered steak, I grabbed a salmon asparagus pocket and my daughter snagged a meats and cheese version. Expect to sit alongside your mates and clip your bag to the bar as the place is truly tiny. Husband also got a light ale. Right away they wanted to take the order, but the menu is a fun adventure and as a first visit I really wanted to read all the selections. My family was starving so they just couldn't wait for me to meander over the varieties and the waitress was really eager to get moving. She said take your time, but she stood right there and so, I did feel a bit rushed. As a result I didn't order a side salad which I think would have made me happier.I was wondering if the Pasty was going to be enough, was it going to be soggy or burnt, was the crust going to be doughy or dry?  I mean I'm naturally a skeptical critic, why else would I Yelp? But my Pasty was perfect. It was not greasy, it was flaky but firm in the right parts, it wasn't burnt anywhere it was divine. My Pasty was not chock full of air pockets it was chock full of filling. My daughter could only eat half (she's 9) but the adults were perfectly satisfied without being bloated.I could bring my veggie friends/family here too.I knocked a star off because despite being not too busy we waited and waited to close out our check. She was too fast taking the order, and too slow to close us out. We didn't get to order any dessert because of our long wait with empty plates. Despite the unevenness of the service no one was rude or unpleasant and the pocket was so good we'll come back.  Next time I'm going to have the Reuben stuffed in there, my daughter wants to try the meatball and my husband just might have a Pilgrim (Thanksgiving in your hands! Lovely!) I know everyone can find a Pasty that they would like to eat here and I encourage you to go!Update: We did go back and have the above selections and I got a Chicken Tikka salad to share. Fabulous! I enjoyed the second visit even more. The Pilgrim is undeniably yum, the Reuben was chockfull of flavor, the meatball delighted my daughter but was so-so for me. The Indian spiced chicken was so tasty I wish they made it into a Pasty too. They do Lamb Vindaloo, so why not? I still recommend this place and will likely return a thrid time... so yummy.
4	What's a pasty?G-d-like predesessor of the hot pocket!CPC is a great place for carnivores, omnivores, and veggies alike (probably vegans as well). They offer a huge menu ranging from Indian- inspired pasties to more traditional English versions.It's difficult, but save room for desert! There have been many stressful nights when all I wanted was to trade my periodic table and graphing calculator in for one of their apple caramel pasties. I have also heard wonderful things about the Strawberry Pavlova and the Banoffee Pie.
5	I went here yesterday after finding it on Yelp.  It was just great.  In addition to a wonderful pasty, the atmosphere was very cool.  The staff was very friendly and service was great too.  I wish we had one in San Antonio!
5	We were visiting Arizona from CA and wanted to have the highest rated yelp restaurant in Tempe!  Cornish Pasty came up and it did not fall short of its reputation!  It's just heavenly!  The staff is extremely friendly and the food is incomparable!  I got the Pesto Chicken and it was so scrumptious!  The pocket was the right temperature and tenderness, and the filling was juicy.  My husband tried the Salmon with all the rave reviews on yelp, and it was so tasty!  The salad was fresh-loved the olives and cherry tomatoes.  The wait, however, was a bit long (maybe b/c the smell was too good so it felt really long to us.)  Highly recommended!
5	When people talk about heaven on earth, be aware...they are discussing the Cornish Pasty Co.  This place is A-MA-ZING...oh yes, it must be sounded out.I had friends in town from San Fransisco and they surfed Yelp to find a good place to eat in Phoenix...Cornish Pasty Co sounded awesome...and totally lived up to our expectations.  So much so that after eating there one night, we returned the night after for another round!We sampled quite a few things from their menu...the Royale with Cheese was badass, the Chicken Alfredo pleasant, the Cajun wickedly delicious and spicy...and don't forget the Pilgrim, which is like having Thanksgiving bundled up and delivered to you in a wonderfully delicious pasty package.  AND the portions are big enough that you can eat half and be full, so the goodness can be enjoyed as a heated up lunch the next day!  BUT WAIT, THERE IS MORE!  We couldn't resist dessert...Night One:  Banoffee Pie.  Thick layer of graham cracker, wickedly thick layer of RICH caramel, a spattering of banana slices and then fresh whipped cream.  FREAKIN AWESOME.AND IT GETS EVEN BETTER!!!!Night Two:  Peanut Butter and Jelly Pasty.  Imagine amazing pastry smothered in chunky peanut butter, drizzled with raspberry jelly and encasing bananas...now top that with some more pastry, more jelly and whipped cream...not the sickening sweet shit that comes in cans...fresh, cool awesomeness disguised as a white blob.  THIS is the amazing Peanut Butter and Jelly Pasty...God's gift to man.  My advice...SEEK OUT CORNISH PASTY CO, ALL YE FOOD LOVERS!!!  You will NOT be disappointed.
4	Is it damning with faint praise to  say it's the best restaurant of its type when there's no analog within the city?      Until now  most of my experience with the pasties, or bridies as we called a  very similar dish In Scotland, has been uniformly  bad in the USA.  E.g  every  British theme pub has one on the menu  and seem to share the  same supplier.This was so much better than I had hoped.  That they had draft cider too was  even better , a rarity in AZ, but perfect sense given the origin of the pasty in the English  West Country. Should have been Scrumpy ,a man can dream can't he? The complaints about them not being traditional fillings is , well, odd. There wasn't a lot of variety in the UK diet,  less so on the working class end. So   On to the food.   Everything about the decor,  waiting time and suitability for groups is true.  Staff are friendly and  frankly it's nice to be left alone   rather than constant hovering. Onto the food. Pastry  rocks,  they've nailed it.   It supports the  contents right to the last.   Fillings I had the Lamb Vindaloo which was close, but, but missing a sharpness/ e.g  vinegar, that I usually look for but it was still really good.  Dipping sauce complements it nicely.  My wife had the banger's and mash  version with  a red wine sauce.  Again  pretty good. So why  four stars?    Many comments here have mentioned a lack of sensitivity  with regards to the flavors/ herbs and the thyme was   way overused on the bangers/mash gravy and it's  a shame as you could taste what they were trying to get at. Additionally the price may seem like a little on the high side ( would be  daily)  but  think about what you have paid for every processed , gray meat  excuse, of a pasty  and just smile.    Worth  working your way through the menu.
4	I finally made it here after promising myself forever that I would try this place.  I have to say, I liked it!Upon entering, the place was pretty small and narrow.  It's almost like a long hallway.  To the left, theres bar seating, with some really high chairs-thats where I sat.  To the right, against the wall, theres some tables for two lined down the side.  In the back, there seems to be a set of larger tables for bigger parties.The place is kind of drab and dark.  Not what I had expected.  Dark tile, dimly lit.  The kitchen area is immediately behind the bar, and you can watch the people work as they make your food. The staff here seems to be a younger crowd, early 20's.  Kind of hippie-ish, but in a good way.  They all seem to work really well together.  I kind of got a student feel when I was in there.When I sat at the bar, I was greeted immediately by a really nice guy, who offered me a menu and asked if I needed any help.  The menu is really large, with a nice variety of pasties to choose from.  I got the Philly steak pastie, and it was really good!  I think they make it fresh when you order, which I loved.  The servings here are large, and I was unable to finish my entire pastie, so please remember that when ordering.Aside from a minimal wait, I had a decent experience.  I didn't care for the dark n drab decor, but overall, it was a good experience.
4	Good eats--if you order the right one! There are tons of pasties (like a calzone in a pastry crust) to choose from, but go with the rosemary chicken or the thanksgiving (is that the name? turkey, stuffing, cranberries, you get the picture) and you won't be disappointed. Save room for dessert, though, as the banofee pie is amazing (graham cracker crust coated with a thick layer of caramel, covered in mounds of house-made whipped cream and topped with bananas). YUM!
4	This place is great! I took my mom before a play and we didn't experience any of the slow service that others mentioned. The food was unique and tasty. We each picked a pasty of our choice and then split the mushy peas and roasted potatoes. Top it off with tapped hard cider and I was in oral heaven.There was far too much food for two people to eat in one sitting. These little sandwiches are deceptively filling. And the incredible number of options from which to select from is a little mind boggling. My suggestion would be just to settle on one and then figure on a few return visits to round out the list.Tables are tight, so this is definitely not a place to take the whole posse, but that's not a huge down-grade. The music is fairly loud and as I mentioned, I was there early, so I can only imagine that it must get really loud when the place is full. Amazingly, mom commented that she liked the music (who knew she was a Green Day fan) and thought the atmosphere was charming (not how I would have described it, but clearly its a place that is even parent friendly). She already has picked out her next two choices for return visits...A couple of things that really stood out to me: 1) You can get the Oggie (the basic pasty) partially cooked for a buck less than the menu price - then take it home and finish off the baking for that fresh out of the oven taste - very cool. 2) If you want desert, you have to order it first or share food, because there is no way to finish everything - sammie and side - and still want for more. 3) I've spent a lot of time in the mother land and don't remember the food every being this flavorful... but who really cares, this is good eats and did I mention the tapped hard cider?? (takes me to my happy place)!This is a great unique food alternative for the down town Tempe area.
5	To review or not to review, that's the question I've been struggling with. With 50 reviews already, what more could little ol' me possibly add? Absolutely nothing, I knew.But then, today turned out to be a special day...I was trapped - back to back meetings from early morning through late afternoon with no time for lunch. Fortunately for me a good friend but obviously not as hardworking co-worker on her way out the door offered to bring me something back. Where was she going? Pasty!!! She just needed to know what I wanted, of course. So I checked the Pasty to go menu hanging from the bars of my cell - oops - I mean the wall of my cube, and to my surprise discovered that this wasn't going to be just another Pasty... Being the quasi-vegetarian I am, I've been slowly working my way through their vegetarian menu (more than 10 delicious options, including my favorite eggplant parmesan), and there was only one left - the Veggie Tikka Masala. My 11th and final vegetarian pasty - quite the momentous occasion, don't you think?It was while I was savoring the perfect mix of fake chicken, bell pepper and basmati rice in tikka masala sauce wrapped in that soft chewy crust, dipped in that rich mint-yogurt dressing that I realized, 50 reviews be damned. Something new to say or not, I've got to say it. So for what's it's worth, this is it.So, in conclusion: If you haven't been to Pasty yet, you need to go - soon. Come on, man - 50 reviews with a 4 1/2 star average rating? This place so obviously rocks! One tip: if you go for lunch, go early (they open at 11). It gets pretty busy and takes longer the later and busier it gets. Going early is also recommended if there are more than 2 in your party - there are only a couple of tables that fit 3 or more (otherwise you'll be sittin' at separate tables, or at the bar - oh, and should you find yourself headed for the bar, try not to sit directly in front of the one of the ovens, as those seats get pretty freakin' warm).
5	I love this place. If your looking for a good English treat, this is the place to go. The food is phenomenal and the atmosphere is fun. My favorite pic is "The Pilgrim", which has Turkey, stuffing, sweet potatoes, and comes with a side of cranberry sauce. My husband, who is a vegetarian always gets the vegetarian Shepard's Pie, which he loves.The only two things that I think could be improved on is the inside of the restaurant is hot hot hot in the summer (better air conditioning). And, there could be more space (it's pretty cramped) for seating. Especially if there is more than 2 people in your party.
5	Always good, and definitely filling for even the most bottomless of stomachs. The owner knows exactly what we want in a pasty...lamb vindaloo? Yes! Rosemary chicken? Please! Hamburger, cheese, and grilled onions? Oh my...I think I'm in pasty heaven!Other plusses: delicious British brews on tap, big-big salads, and hooks for your backpack or purse at the bar. The lighting is forgiving if you've just had a typical ASU night...and if it's been a little too typical, you can take your pasty home, with handy heating instructions from the friendly pasty people.
5	I love this place as much as I love the English accent. Cornish Pasty is moved beyond expectation by its consistent vision of, quality products, fresh food and employees that love the food so much one can taste it.  What else can a yelper ask from this location.  Its hard to find location but once you know its always a debat, Cheba Hut or Cornish Pasty, sometimes it depends what I did earlier in the day.    Its so hard to give 5 stars out but this place deserves it, I can't deny the whole experience and the restaurants dedication to food. I also heard they have a great deal for Irish Car bombs.
5	I'm sure not  a lot more can be said that hasn't been already in previous reviews but I just had to add my two cents and say this place is wonderful and I'm glad I got back to the Chandler area on a visit so I could have the fortunate experience of eating here (I learned about it on Yelp in San Diego).  I was introduced to pasties on my trip to Michigan last November and had them a few times there and I will tell  you the one I had here was way better than any I had there!  Perfect crust, perfect mixture inside--I just wish I lived near, or that they would open a branch in San Diego area!  I got the lamb and mint pastie and it had a mild but distinct lamb flavor (sometimes I order lamb dishes that just taste like beef so I appreciated this) mixed with the veggies and mint.  Very Delicious.  I would have loved to try a dessert but I was too full and had no frig in my motel to take leftovers back to. The waiters and waitresses were all very friendly, too.  I will definitely add this to my list of must-go places for the next visit!
4	Mmmmm, I like this place. First off, it's a small restaurant that feels more like a bar. My friend and I showed up, each ordered Hoegaarden draught and analyzed the menu. The choices were staggering. We decided to order a traditional and vegetarian pasty--and split them. The pasties are huge, the fillings are fresh and tasty. If you sit at the bar, you will see them preparing and baking your order while you watch. They have extra HP sauce on order (one of my favorite condiments in the universe), if you wish to dip your pasty into tangy deliciousness. All in all, I'll be back for more. Definitely.
5	Delicious!  When I first discovered this place, I came thrice in a week.However, how good your experience is depends hugely on the pasty you order.  The original Oggie and the Vindaloo are truly fantastic; the Oggie tastes just like (better?) than the pasties I've had in England, and the Vindaloo is like my uncle's curry stuffed into delicious flaky crust.  A-mazing... and these will keep you full all day.The service is great; even today during lunch, my friend and I never went more than fifteen minutes without being asked if we needed a refill or anything else, which was refreshing.  Highly recommended!
5	Hail the Pasty.  This place rocks so much I can't even put it into words.  It is definitely one of the places in the entire valley that I recommend to travelers.  Everything is made right there, in front of you almost.  Their selection is vast and pretty much everything is awesome... I suggest the Reuben.  Desserts are good, check out the banofee pie.  Hoegaarden on tap plus others, and the kicker $3 car bombs all day everyday.   We have a winner.  This spot is legit!
4	I've died and gone to Cornish Pasty Heaven. I ordered The Pilgrim: turkey, sweet potatoes, onions, stuffing. Yum. It came with a side of cranberry sauce. It was very, very tasty. I'm a sucker for bread, and these carbs were damn fine. My lunch pal had the Chicken Pesto and remarked it was some of the best chicken he's ever had. I see his point, since the fowl in my pasty was perfectly prepared.I told our friendly server about Yelp. She had never heard of it, but I said she should check it out - that Cornish Pasty Co. has some outstanding reviews. She said she would be sure to let the owners know. Then she let us know they are opening up another location soon that is family-friendly, with plans for a 3rd in a couple years. Mo' Pasty = Mo' Betta' Cornish Pasty, I will be back! You have quite the beer selection, including 3 sizes on draft to choose from... including Rogue's Hazelnut Brown! Not to mention alot of bottles. Yep. I'm coming back soon. Among the Cornish Pasty Cornucopia, i want to find my pasty prize - the one pasty choice that is like a sexy sweet nothing whispered in my ear. You know the type - the it's-so-wrong-it's-so-right type, the just-got-to-have-it type, the sensory-overload type... Ah, yes. I want a carbtastic pasty prize, full of satisfying flavors that melt in my mouth and tickle my tongue!
5	Simply brilliant.I didn't think I frequent this place that much, but the waitresses know my drink and order, which is outstanding customer service.The food and atmosphere is what I expect of a eating establishment.Can't wait for the new place.
5	Okay. I'm angry.-1 Star (For being cross)Food is simply not supposed to be this savory, this delicious, this damn fine.- 1 Star (Cornish Pasty is too good)Meat/gravy/vegis that comes wrapped in a golden crust is simply not legal. I had something called the "Cottage Pasty".-1 Star (Golden crust legality issue)I noticed that on the menu, there was no chance that they'd make Pasty boxing gloves for me to wear, and punch my own face with this delectable treat. This is a problem for me, as I'd like to have their food around my face in greater quantities.- 1 Star (No Pasty boxing gloves on menu.)I feel that dark wizards got together to create this unnatural feast. It must be unholy food, as these pasties should not be this desirable and fabulous.- 1 Star (Dark magics and too tasty ingredients)However, if this establishment were to ever disappear from my locality, I would throw myself off of the tallest castle that I could find, while yelling "for the PASTY!!!!!".+5 Stars (Please never stop.)
4	Lookin for a new lunch spot today decided I would check this place out after reading some great reviews. Doesnt look like much from the outside, but inside I wasnt disappointed. Got there early enough didnt have to wait, sat at the bar and had a very tasty Lamb and Mint Pasty.  I will definatly go here again - maybe for happy hr so i can enjoy a good beer with my pasty!! :)
5	How do they make the pastry so English!? It's true, just one bite can transport you back to Blighty. I don't go for thre silly pasties (Chicken Tikka, Jalapeno etc) but instead opt for the Shepherds Pie or Lamb and Mint. I come here for one reason, nostaligic English comfort food and my god they deliver. The mushy peas are out of a can but that fine I like them too!If I lived nearer I fear for my liver as I would sit around all afternoon drinking the draft 1664 ... tempting but scary!This place is straight out of the top drawer but I have to ask what's taking them so long to open the second location on Dobson (or thereabouts)?
2	neh.  nothing special 2 me.  they have a good beer selection and many different pasties.  that's about it.  not so awesome service, and i was told that the waitress was their regular waitress, hilarious.  if u like stuff wrapped in pie dough and baked, go 4 it.  this stuff is too dry 4 me, but i do know sum people who like comin here 2 drink their huge cups of beer and eat pasties (that prob only taste decent cuz they're gettin tipsy).
4	Me and a few buddys went here last weekend after Oktoberfest and I gota say it was even better the second time around!! I had the Lamb Vindaloo, which was VERY spicey... which required more beer. It was the first time my buddies had been here and all of them really enjoyed their food.
4	Tried their Chicken Greek. It was tasty. But, it didn't wow me. Why didn't it wow me? Is my wow-o-meter broken? Shouldn't the pasty wow me? I mean, this place has got some serious fans. And I totally dig this place. But, again, I wasn't wowed by the pasty. And I really think I should have been. I need to go during happy hour, when I can pair my pasty with a Rogue Hazelnut Brown.
4	As long as you don't mind a bit of a wait, this place is great. The chicken tiki masala is to die for. The staff is super courteous. They have a ton of different craft beers (a huge plus) and 3 dollar Irish carbombs. Perfect Friday night dinner. Just don't attempt to come with more than 4 people... you will never get a seat together.
5	WOW!I come to the Phoenix area every once in a while on business.  This week I'm here for two days and decided to go out to lunch with a local friend of mine, and consulted Yelp for some advice.  The Cornish Pasty Company was shown as about a mile from my hotel, very good ratings, with a good beer selection... sounded like a great place!We drove back and forth on University Avenue about five times before we found it!  Since the sign isn't visible from University it wasn't immediately obvious  where it was.  In fact, when we finally found the strip mall that the restaurant was in by matching the address, we STILL were scratching our heads as to where the restaurant was.  Finally I suggested we check around the corner and voila, we found it.MAN OH MAN was the food delicous!  And Strongbow Cider on tap -- one of my favorites!  I wish I had discovered this place a couple of years ago when I had a long term assignment in Phoenix.  Now I'll only get to eat here a couple of times a year.  Boo!  I wonder how many meals at the Cornish Pasty Company I can fit into a 2-day visit??
4	A refreshing change from the endless chain restaurants and mall-food that reigns supreme in Phoenix.  There's a distinct pub vibe but also the feeling you're getting something extra.  An wow, are the pastries everything we've heard about.  There's a large variety to choose from...the crust was brown & buttery, and the inside was perfectly cooked to the core.  We had the Rosemary Chicken and the Chicken Tikka Masala, both were excellent.  So grab yourself a pint and a pasty and you're set!
4	Is it a bar! It's a restaurant! It's Cornish Pasty Company! Dum do de dum.The music is superb. Elvis Costello anyone? Yes please. The beer selection while I didn't partake this trip is A+.The food....yes!I met the lovely Sarah G. here and loudly remarked on her review point of a pasty being "a glorified hot pocket" just as our waitress came by. Oops.English accent? Check.  As stated a brazilian times the chicken tiki masala is tops. They come split in half so Sarah and I traded halves and I also got to try the pilgrim. Definitely amped my excitement for turkey day. both selections were tops.I want to go here and drink and eat like a king one night. Sarah changed her tune and decided it was definitely better than her last trip and even grabbed a few uncooked to feed the family that night. How cool is that?
5	This hole in the wall, filled up the hole in my stomach. BTW pasties are HUGE, but never the less I managed to put one down with one of their delicious beer. The quint little place serves some of the best calzone style food. Would not recommend calling it calzone while you are there. You can pick through a list of ~25 different kinds of pasties, which just makes me go back and back. The Pilgrim.What great combination of ingredients, it's like thanksgiving in a large covered shell.
4	OK OK, so I gave it another try and you know what, I'm convinced that it is actually pretty damn good! The key is....order your pasty well done or extra hot or whatever you want to say. I even heard another guest sitting behind me ask for theirs cooked extra hot! So this time I ordered the Pilgrim....Turkey, Stuffing,Sweet Potatoes and grilled onions served with a side of their Bomb-Diggety Red Wine Gravy and cranberry sauce. (see pics) LOVED IT!!!!  I'm craving it!I ended up splitting with Nathan S. and also got to try his Chicken Tikka Masala (see pics) which tasted very much like real authentic CTM.....although I did feel it was a bit spicy for my taste I liked it and the yogurt sauce helped cut the spice. So that being said I ordered 2 Pasty's to go to bake at home and let me tell you that is the ticket! The hotter they are the better they taste!! The Fam agreed they were a hit and once again Super Mom saves the day! P.S. Strangely enough there was no mention of our dessert???? NATHAN? I'll let you take care of that. I guess you didn't like it?
5	OK, I need to stop Yelping around meal times, because every time I do I crave whatever I'm yelping on about and my  packed lunch never quite satisfies me.   So now I am of course hankering for a delicious cornish pasty from the Cornish Pasty Co.  I hail from the land of Prince Charlie, bad teeth and crap weather (a.k.a. England) and cor blimey guv'nor these pasties are where it's at.  Boring ole me always opts for the original (although I have branched out and tried a few variations..the salmon, pork/apple/sage, sausage & mash..you get the idea) and it is ALWAYS good.  The pastry is perfection..golden, crispy and definitely the real deal.  I prefer to eat my pasty with a bit of tomato ketchup instead of the gravy they offer and a nice chilly pint.  My only wish would be that they get some supplies of malt vinegar in...a splash of this on your mushy peas and life is good.  AND their second location, which they say will open Dec. 8th, is even closer to home.  Bring on the pasty people!!!
5	Cornish Pasty is a pretty amazing place.  I don't like how the building is kind of a shotgun, which is a bit picky but whatever, the food is great.I'm vegetarian and they have fake chicken and a whole vegetarian menu that has the same amazing dishes that they have for meat eaters.  And by dishes I mean pasties.  Ok, so while the Pasties are basically hot pockets, they are really quite a full meal.  I've been more than once, and each time the food and service (people have talked about lax service, which I haven't ever seen) have been amazing.It's super delicious and it feels neat to be eating something so historic.
4	Went here with Amanda B. and loved the food. I had a traditional pasty and Amanda gerously offered me a taste of her Mexican flavor inspired pasty. Both had excellent flavors and the pasty pastry bread was so flakey and buttery. Just like ones I used to grab from the local lunch stops in every town around the UK next to a metro station. And yes, the service is slow, but the price, taste and size of the meal all makes up for it.
4	Those little suckers are filling.  They kinda sit like a loving brick in your gut which is why I don't frequent this place for lunch much unless I want to nap.They have a pretty extensive list of "pasties" available, including quite a few vegetarian options.  They all come with dipping sauce.  The crust is to die for.Service is good. Prompt and attentive.  Good Ice tea of the "tropical" variety.  Brewed.They serve alcohol although I've never had as I've only been during lunch.Upbeat atmosphere.  Good tunes.  What can I say, I'm a fan.
5	The first time I had a pasty was while I was in Bath, not far from Stonehenge. Fast forward a few years, I'm told of Cornish Pasty Co. Dang, these things are the best! I typically call in my order and by the time I arrive (10-15 mins.) it is all ready for me to take home. Oddly, I usually do this on days when I'm hurting from a terrible hangover. Their menu, which is available online, has so many options and they all seem freaking incredible. However, when I'm hungover I usually want something very filling and comforting. So the very first pasty I called in was a shepherd's pie, then I'm asked if I want lamb (a true shepherd's pie) or beef (a cottage pie). Lamb, of course! It was so delicious it's the only one I've ever gotten. I just can't seem to bring myself to deviate and that's not really like me, especially when everyone raves about all the others. Someday. I'll surely be going back, maybe one day I'll actually eat there and enjoy the ambiance and maybe, just maybe I'll try something new. This place rocks! The service is great and they're all so friendly!
4	Ate here a few times since 2004.  Haven't been in many, many months.  Love all but one of the pasties I've tried, thus far.  Great to know that you can call ahead to custom-order!  Also, you may call ahead and have your order started so that it's ready by the time you arrive!  (It took one of my pasties 50 minutes' preparation and cook time from phone call to my table!)Best to order a few and share!  Keep in mind, one of these pasties could contain up to 1200 calories or more!  One word: BUTTER.  Vegan pasties are also available, but you must call ahead to have them made.
4	Much like their fare, this place looks pretty unassuming on the outside but on the inside is filled with yummy goodness. I'll admit I was a little put off when I first walked up to the door of this place because it seemed just like a college bar or something and I expected something a little different. The friendliness of the wait staff and comfy and casual atmosphere of this place won me over pretty quickly though. After reading reviews here I decided to order the chicken tikka masala and that did not disappoint. My brother got their original with steak and potatoes and he loved that as well. Those little things are really filling. I came in ravenously hungry thinking I would have room in my stomach after finishing the whole thing, but after half I was already satiated.
4	Love the food here.  The narrow galley style eatery can have a wait if going during prime dinner time.Love the Thanksgiving themed pasty.
5	What can I say this place rocks! Great food and $3 car bombs all day every day!
5	Small venue, but mighty food. Great place!
5	Really?  Because it doesn't get any better than this.  For what it is and for what it's worth this place is truly unique.  A slight step up from a hole in the wall type of place, this quaint spot serves up good, tasty, and satisfying food hot from the kitchen.What is a pasty?A pasty's history can be associated with the tin miners in England.  The story goes that these miners were covered head to toe in dust and other nasty stuff and would eat these calzone like dishes as a means to have nourishment without the need to return to the surface.  Supposedly, the miners were able to eat the pastry like food by holding onto the "handles" and when done, discard the tainted remains into the mine thereby appeasing the spirits that haunted the mines.At the Cornish Pasty Co. I can first hand recommend the Chicken Pesto.  Very good flavoring and filling.  Or you can go with the more traditional route with beef, potatoes, and swede.  The sauces that come with your pasty are there to accent the flavors and are highly recommend to try as well.Pros* Good food* Originality* Portions* Customer service* Coat hooks at the barCons* Small interior
5	Cornish Pasty if you were a woman I would take you out and treat you right. I would send you flowers and write you love notes. I want you to bear my children and grow old with me. CP call me sometime I miss you everyday we are apart.
3	This is an interesting place worth the trip to Tempe. OK food, OK tap, OK service. OK atmosphere. Been back three times so far and will go back again.
5	When I saw the name "Cornish Pasty" I immediately felt like I needed a peasant dress and a goose following me around in order to visit this establishment. Boy was I wrong; I fit right in with my ripped jeans, straight bangs and tattoos!! The people at this place rawk. (yes, I actually typed the word "rawk")Anywho, this place is absolutely amazing. They have a whole entire page of veggie creations that make me salivate just thinking about them! I have had the Veggie Mexican (by far the best IMO), the potato and onion and the cottage somethingorother... and oh brother, I loved them all.I think that the small dining space, worn seats at the bar and the fact that you can see your food being prepared adds to the experience.My only complaint is that it takes a bit to get your food, but they fill your drinks while you are waiting, so I can deal with it. They also have Irish Car Bombs. Very cool. Very, very cool.
5	Cornwall native Dean Thomas had a major hit when he deciced to open The Cornish Pasty Company in Tempe, AZ. A wonderful collection of made from scratch pasties (say "Pass-Tee"), unique desserts and some of the best examples of the brewers arts to be found anywhere on this side of the pond.Lunch or dinner will cost you less than $10.00 (without the beer) and the variety is a bit staggering. From the traditional Oggie with beef, onions, potatoes and rutabaga with a lovely red wine gravy, to the adventurous Lamb Vindaloo with basmati rice, potatoes, lamb and a wonderfully spicy vindaloo sauce all of Dean's creations are worth trying.We have been visiting this hidden wonder for a couple of years now and have tried most of the items on the menu. (Except for the vegetarian pasties which we just have not gotten to yet.) It is nearly impossible for me to pick a favorite, they are all that good!If you enjoy beer then Dean's selections will please you. Not a drab, tasteless lager in the bunch! Hoegaarden on draught as well as Guiness, Harp and Strongbow Cider plus a few others to keep a beer lover happy for a long time.The current location is quite small however and it's proximity to ASU guarantees a packed house on Friday and Saturday nights. Happily, Dean is opening a second location in Mesa on Doson Rd. and Guadalupe Rd. that will not only be larger but has a more open environment as well. Opening has been announced for Saturday, January 17th 2009 and you can bet we'll be there.Take the time to find The Cornish Pasty Co. you will come back again and again!
5	Frickin' unbelievably awesome.I want to go back every week until I've tried every single variation.I had the carne adovada pasty.  Delicious, spicy, meaty... mmmm!My man had the lamb vidaloo, and that was equally spicy and soooo tasty.I got the banana carmel graham dessert thing too.  OMG!!!  So freakin' great.  Awesome.  Unbelievable.Not sure I did the crampdness of the place, we ordered our stuff to-go and will probably go this route in the future.Yum.Yum.Yum.
5	I have only been to Cornish Pasty twice but both times it was fantastic. The first time I shared their signature pasty, the Oggie, and the second time I got one the Veggie Spicy Asiago. The Veggie one was so awesome I ate the whole damn thing and that's a lot of food!! They also have an awesome beer selection. The only semi drawback is that they take awhile to make.
3	Ive eaten three times here. No more unless Im looking for mediocre food. All three different pasties Ive had were far from flavorful. The last one (carne adovado) was downright dreadful. Pork was bone dry and nothing but heat from chiles as flavor. Never been impressed by their novelty food. Instead of cooking one type of food real well they serve a so so mishmash of cuisines. But people find it good cause its in hot pockets.
4	I didn't even know this place existed since it's tucked on the side of its complex.However, upon entering I was pleasantly surprised. It's fairly small with the bar on one side and booths on the other but it's full of big, loud, and alternative personalities. The music they play is awesome and the workers are all really cool.The food is awesomely comforting and filling. The amount of vegetarian pasties they offer is incredible. The veggie pesto chicken is extremely flavorful, the eggplant parmesan is chocked full of various delicious veggies like zucchinis, broccoli, spinach, etc., and the veggie mexican is an awesome take on a typical breakfast burrito. The portions are always huge and I always leave extremely happy on my overall experience.
2	I want to give the Cornish Pasty Company another star, but I can't quite do it...The pasties I order are REALLY good... They have a fine beer selection (including Mickey's Big-Mouths) and a few cocktail options... Most of the sides and desserts are pretty solid.I tend to stick with and very much enjoy the more traditional pasties like The Oggie, and the Cottage Pie (OK, OK... I love the Royale with Cheese, too). However, some of the "premium" pasties like the Pesto Chicken and the Salmon pasty are a bit funky to me. Even that, I can write off to personal preference.What really keeps the CPC from getting another star or two is the restaurant itself. It's a long, narrow space, 75% of which is divided by a bar. Seating is along the wall or at the bar, with a few larger tables in the back. On the other side of the bar from the customers is where ALL of the restaurant operations take place; cooking, cleaning, prep, and bar. If one is sitting at the bar, this intersection of consumption with infrastructure is often a bit too much like watching sausage being made. I don't really expect a fine dining experience at a place like the Cornish Pasty, but I really don't need to hear the dishes crashing into the sink and i don't need to see all the potential for cross-contamination (food preparation right next to the dirty dishes and raw meat right next to the beer glasses). My worst experience was arriving late and sitting at the bar while they were cleaning the "kitchen" area and still serving food. It was really noisy, the refrigerator light kept blinding me, and the smell of cleaning chemicals was so strong that it made it impossible for me to even think about enjoying the pasty. I walked out after about 4 bites...I've wanted to go back several times, because I do enjoy the food and beer options, and finally went back last Friday. The food was as good as it's ever been but the environment will still make me think 2 or 3 times before heading back.Maybe I'll just have to take advantage of their take-out and stop at Tops liquor on my way home for the Hoegaarden...
5	I am writing all the way from San Francisco because of my terriffic cravings for the absolutely most delicious Cornish Pasties anywhere!First of all, what a great value! Each of these pasties is rightly proportioned for me for two meals. I have a Guinness or sometimes a Stella and I am as full as can be! The other half makes a great surprise for a good friend or lunch tomorrow, and they only cost about ten bucks.My favorite thing on this menu is the Shepherd's Pie Pasty, and this is coming from someone who always hated Shepherd's Pie as a kid! Inside of this delicious golden crust there is seasoned ground beef, browned onions, garlic mashed potatoes and what tastes like tilamook medium cheddar. These guys serve it up with a side of what they call "red wine gravy", but it tastes like a borderlaise to me -deep and beefy with plenty of thyme. If I could eat anything everyday without ever getting fat, this place makes the short list!*mwah* belissima!Oh and I really liked the Carne Adovada Pasty with the sour cream on the side too!
4	In Short: Good food and beer at a reasonable price, and a quirky atmosphere.I've been there several times in the past year, and I must profess that peering into the place for the very first time, I was quite skeptical.  Restaurant has a an interesting design, reminiscent of a large hall way.  Once you walk in there's a bar to the left and booths to the right and the place had a friendly neighborhood vibe to it.The menu is decent with a variety old old world and new pasties.  The staff was friendly and order taking was prompt.  Although it did take longer than anticipated to actually get food, but I imagine that's because they don't have things pre-made.  The food was quite flavorful and the proportions were adequate.  The stuffing was moist and the outside crust was just the right amount of crispiness.  I usually try out the pasty's with lamb and none have disappointed me so far.Overall, a great place to have beer and pasties, I will visit again to try out their more curious concoctions.
3	This place is good, but not nearly as good as my friend said it was. Basically it is just a really good hot pocket...
5	It is some of the tastiest and most original food you will find in the area.  And also it is highly addictive, so be careful.  They have a well-developed vegetarian menu, and for those who eat meat there are even more choices.  I also love that there are a few dessert versions of the pasty as well, the bonoffee pie is mouth euphoria.Quite a hipster place though, and seating is mostly only for parties of 2 or 3.  And also, don't expect to get top notch attentive service, because a lot of the servers will be busy just hanging out.  But the food basically makes up for all the bad.
5	Wowwwwwww, definitely coming back for more! Sure, it comes off as hole-in-the-wall, dark, and a little sketchy, but don't be afraid! Great beer and heaven stuffed in buttery, flaky crusts awaits you beyond Cornish's doors. Staff was generally not too friendly, but one of the many dudes with huge plugs is cool. Come with a group of people so you can enjoy dessert. I almost died eating two pasty's by myself.
4	I have lived down the street from this place for almost 5 years and have driven by hundreds of times and not given it a second thought.  I would have never considered this place (because of its location and I had never heard about it before) if it weren't for my fiance who had read a review and decided that we should give it a try.  To my amazement, this place is actually very cool!  I can't think of another place like it anywhere.  I have tried about 4 or 5 of their pasties and they have all been excellent.  I can only describe them as "calzones filled with awesomeness".  There has to be at least 15 different ones to choose from and they are all probably very tasty.  I cannot vouch for how healthy the things are, but they are very good.  At about 7ish dollars for a pasty they are a good value because they fill you up quite nicely.With my meal, I usually get a salad (their dressing is amazing), the mashed peas and the roasted potatoes.  Sometimes I can't help but have one (or more) of their $3 Irish car bombs.  The salad, peas and potatoes are enough to share with 2-3 people, but keep the car bombs for yourself!My only complaint about this place is the seating.  If you have a party of 3 or more you just shouldn't go there.  Not only is the place tiny, the tables are only for 2 people.  I think they only have 1 or 2 tables that can accommodate more.  There is a bar area and that is where I dine because the tables are usually filled.Our new thing is to pre-order a few pasties.  They have them ready in just a few minutes, you pick them up, then pop them in your own oven.  This way we don't have to worry about seating.  Also, the service there is always friendly and fast, but always a bit frenzied because the place is always so busy.
4	I really like this place.  They seriously need a bigger restaurant though.  It's so hard to get a group of people over 3 or  more in there.
5	I decided to visit, persuaded by all the yelp reviews. This was my first time attending this facility.I was immediately confronted to see if I needed help sitting or with a menu. To make a long story short, all the positive Yelp reviews are spot on.I had the Spicy Veggie Asiago and I nearly creamed myself with joy.  I am a picky m*ther fu*ker when it comes to my food, but I was very pleased in every aspect.GO EAT HERE NOW!
2	i've seriously had hot pockets that tasted better than the pastie i got here last night. i ordered the royale, and i don't know if it was the mushrooms, or the seasoning they use on the burger, but something was off and it left a yucky taste in my mouth for hours after i ate it.i am a very picky eater, and the pastes cannot be modified. most of them (90%) contain onions or some other strange vegetable that i don't like so it's really not a good place to go unless you like a ton of shit thrown in a pastie. i think it's too much sometimes. the mashed potatoes were dry and not very garlic-y whatsoever.our waiter was an asshole. i ordered a black and tan with strongbow and a nut ale and he informed me that they wouldn't be good together. refusing to take some douchebag's advice, i ordered it anyways and it was delicious. he didn't care to check on our table at all throughout our meal, and no waters were brought to the table...halfway through we got switched to a very nice young lady. i didn't mind the set up of the bar, it was very english pub-like and actually enjoyed the atmosphere. the beer selection is impressive.i was disappointed after all of the great yelp reviews, i was expected to be blown away by these delicious little tasty treats - unfortunately they just didn't get it right this time.
4	Is there a limit on the number of good reviews one restaurant can get? Well, let's test that theory! Yes, Cornish Pasty really is good. Yes, this location is REALLY LOUD (but fun)!! Don't bring your date for an intimate meal, especially if s/he's a bit on the hard of hearing side. Thus far, I have tried both the Chicken Pot Pie pasty and the Cottage Pie pasty (the ground beef version of Shepherd's Pie). The Chicken Pot Pie pasty was just alright, but the Cottage Pie version was pretty darned awesome... Frankly, I was a little afraid of the "ground minted lamb" in the Shepherd's Pie, but maybe I'll try it next time, after drinking a cider to start out with. Did I mention the Strongbow Cider is worth a sip, or two, or three? (I like the fact that they have 3 sizes of Draft Beers, so that I don't have to special request a small glass...)
5	Ok so I don't know whom I should be exactly pissed at here... Yelp....my neighbors....citysearch....HOW HAVE I NOT FOUND OUT ABOUT THIS PLACE?????Okay Yelp, I can't be mad at you because your little mobile application showed me what was close to me for lunch when I was down in Tempe at the Japanese market buying some Echigo beer which I discovered while at Yasu.Amazing, simply amazing, I saw the outside of this place and was like, "well here we go, another smokey pub filled with old timers"But as I passed through the front door I felt as if I had been magically transported to somewhere back east, a hustling bar with employees shouting orders and pressing fine pasterys and a decor that would make even Gordon Ramsay proud.I had the traditional being that I've never had a "patsy" before and it was simply amazing, beef, potatoes and a red wine gravy that made my mouth go, um what the hell just happened? They have a huge variety and it was really cool to see one of the kitchen members sitting next to me trying out one of the new recipes and critiquing on it.....huge brownie points in my book.. Best part, 10 bucks for lunch including a 3 dollar tip. SCREW YOU ECONOMY! I'll be back for sure!!!
4	So good! I had the chicken alfredo pasty and boyfriend had the bangers and mash. I'll never eat a Hot Pocket again! Happy hour is only 3-5, so get there early and enjoy a dollar off beers (not sure if this is drafts and/or bottles).The place is small...and I'm all about cozy establishments, but when it smells nasty and the bathroom feels like an outhouse, I'm getting take out in the future.
5	So before I moved to manage the new Sack's location on the west side, I had put in my time at the University & Hardy locale-- putting the Cornish Pasty Co. in ridiculously close proximity to myself and the other happy hour enthusiasts I happened to work with.  I still call over to that location to see if anyone there wants to give me an excuse to make the drive across town to meet for a Black Velvet. Hello, my name is Kara... and I'm an unabashed alcoholic.  So if you're following along, when we meet at Pasty Co, I'll already be full from a Sack's sandwich-- but as soon as I smell the baking dough & simmering spices, I'll be perusing the amply stocked vegetarian section of the menu and trying to decide between my three favorites-- The Mexican, The Rosemary Chicken, and the Tikka Masala.  And man alive, you can't drink at a place that's got such a great pub-style atmosphere and not have a great pub-style ale of which they have many.  That's my only complaint about this place-- I am compelled to eat hearty, drink hearty, and be merry until I about burst at the seams.  Managing a kitchen myself, I'm continuously amazed at what they can do with what little space they have!  Their seating area is only a bit longer and wider than their kitchen/prep area which is open to ogle and runs parallel to the grubbing area.  I enjoy sitting at the bar to spy on the process and trying to catch the staff eavesdropping on our loud bar banter.  I love when someone mashing potatoes chuckles at our drunken philosophy sessions.  Parting Tip: As mentioned in other reviews, and their claim to fame (rightly so)-- $3 Irish Car Bombs! (I've seen places charge $6!!!). Oh, and don't forget the Banoffee Pie for dessert.  They make their own whip cream!
4	Awesome little hole in the wall in Tempe.  There isnt much room to sit and it isn't fancy but if you want good food this is the place to go.  A pasty is basically a calzone(only better) with a variety of different types of fillers.  I had the bangers and mash.  The wife had the Italian.  Everything was great served promptly and with a smile.  It's not Scottsdale fancy and that's what I like about it.  Best part is you can get a hearty meal with a soda for under $10.  If you want beer expect to pay a bit more.
5	Was on the way to Houston from CA, and stopped by to eat here at the CPC, and damn it was really really good! I think it's a sin if you pass up this place when in Arizona.Kinda confused cause when I walked in, but you can either sit at the bar or tables w/ the menus already on there.Think about it this way. You'll have the best hot pocket ever. and only in Arizona!
5	Wow!I'll keep this short since there are over 100 great reviews on on Yelp for the Cornish Pasty:1.  I didn't know what a pasty was until today.  It was truly amazing.2.  Red wine gravy.  I've never tasted a red wine gravy like it.  Compelling.3.  Excellent beer and cider selection.4.  Small place, great environment.
4	Nice selection of pasties, I've had about 12 different types and haven't had one I dislike.  Beer selection is great.  Car bombs for $3, Mickeys for $2...great deal.
5	I absolutely love this place and it's darkness!!Favorite pasties:  Vegetarian balsamic mushroom with mozzerella, spinach, and a side of marinara.  Peppered steak, the blue cheese in it makes it!  And for dessert the pb&j with banana!GREAT BEERS!
5	OK the business is small and very crowded at lunch but beyond that, They make the best food in Tempe, No Joke!These Paste's are Hot Pockets on Steroids, from Cajun Chicken to the Original Lamb, these things are packed full of flavor and they serve the best beer as well.So when your tired of Sushi, Pizza and a Steak dinner and you want something that is different but will get you coming back for more. Now they have a new location that is larger in Mesa on Dobson, that will surely be a hit too.
5	Everyone else Yelping about Cornish Pasty has already said it, so let me just echo the resounding chorus:  Pasty is the best.  The beer selection is beyond compare (plus, 3 dollar "car-bombs?"  YR KIDDING ME), and the food is amazing.  They can make vegan pasties if you call an hour ahead, so don't let dietary choices stop you from stopping in an enjoying the great service, dimly lit decor, and wonderful drinks.  Yeah, it's crowded, so if you're with a large group, you might have to wait to get the back table (it's worth it).  Certainly in the running for my favorite place in Tempe.Top 3 pasties-Peppered Steakthe Mexicanthe Classic Oggie
5	I went with a group of 5 and luckily we were able to sit in back.  The place is small and bad for groups.Aside from that the food is awesome and the beer is cheap!  I grew up on pastys in Wisconsin, my Dad's would be called a beef stew pasty.  The variations this place has is awesome.  Good stuff!Go!
5	very good original foodvegetarian friendly
4	I went to CPC with my husband for lunch, we had a Spicy Asiago Chicken & a Chicken Tikka Masala pasty, with a beer each. We liked the draft selection, it was nice to have kronenbourg 1664 on tap. We both enjoyed, it and are looking forward to going back.
5	I LOVE Cornish Pasty Co.The Food is excellent and they have a decent drink menu.I'm not a Vegetarian but the Vegetarian pasties are AWESOME. I sometimes order the Veg. version over actual chicken a lot of the time.
5	The Cornish Pasty is sort of my go-to place when I have friends coming in from out of town and I want to take them somewhere fun.  Almost all of my friends give me the "Duh" face when I recommend we go eat at the Cornish Pasty."What's a cornish pasty?"  If I had a nickel for each time I heard that question asked, I'd have enough money to... I dunno, I'd at least have enough money to buy a 40 of Mickey's.  Or a can of Sparks.There are so many different pasties you can choose.  Everything from Mexican to Greek to traditional American fare to the classic bangers and mash British faves.  And they're all good.  A lot of their better ingredients are homemade.  Each pasty has love baked right into its flaky crust.I don't each there as much as I used to, mostly because I sort of exhausted myself, but I love bringing friends so I can relive my experience of the first time I went there.Everyone else has pretty much already said it, but this is absolutely one of the best places to go eat.  If you've never been, you should really go.  The food is great, the beer is great and the whole atmosphere is so damn jolly you can't help but, at the very least, enjoy yourself with friends for the night.Quite legitimately, this is about as good as it gets.
5	Oh how I miss the nights that started with a meat & cheese pasty and a pint (yes, a pint) of Ketel One & Coke.Great food & strong drinks, what more does a guy need?
2	I really don't get what the big deal is about with this place. I went after reading all the rave reviews by other Yelpers last evening before heading to Gammage to see Wicked. For the first time, I went to a Yelp-recommended place and was very disappointed. First of all, the place is a dump. It's run down and kind of dirty...or at least gives off a dirty feel.I have seen the new Pasty that is over on Guadalupe in Mesa and the decor is very nice and it's clean.  This location is not wheelchair friendly at all and don't bother bringing more than 4 people unless you plan to stand at the bar. I'm not sure if they were employees or just friends of the employees who were working there but there was a group of college age guys hanging around both behind the counter pouring their own drinks and lounging in front of the counter who were just filthy. They had dirty beards, dirty hair, dirty ripped up clothes....I had no idea that the new look in college guys was homeless-chic.  The food was....eh. My son had the meat and cheese pasty and I had the rueben. We shared our pasties and I was no more impressed with the meat and cheese than I was with the rueben. They weren't bad...they were just eh at best. You get the pasty...no side dish, no salad, no nothing. It's not really a value. Our server was pleasant but nothing special. She served our food and kept our cokes filled. It was clear that the focus was on the bar. There were about 9 people just hanging out at the bar, which is fine, but the place isn't advertised as a bar. I had brought my 8 year old son and this place is really not kid friendly given the amount of attention given to the bar and the dirty patrons/employees who were hanging around. If I do go back to Cornish Pasty it will likely be at the newer location which is why I give it 2 stars and not 1 because as a chain, it might be worth the 2nd visit. This one is just not worth the drive from the West Valley.
5	I've been waiting for this, and today, I got my chance to try out the Cornish Pasty Company. I will tell you now, this is a place for a true foodie. This is a dark restaurant, one that puts you in the kitchen. Literally. If you find yourself disturbed by seeing real kitchen professionals running around, then avoid this place. Walking in, I felt like I was going into a dive bar. All of the kitchen staff is motley, and I loved it. We took two seats at the bar, and were greeted by an awesome server. She got us Guinness (poured perfectly, that gets a star), and we got to check out the menu.Vast, is a good phrase for this menu. If you haven't had a Pasty before, I like to think of it as a Hot Pocket that doesn't make you want to die.  I got the Cottage Pie Pasty, and my friend got the Italian Pasty. Our pasties were served on very distinct metal plates, with a sauce side. I had a red wine gravy, which was incredible. Tart and not thick at all. It was excellent. My friend had a marinara, he replied that it had a nice spice to it.The food was excellent. My Pasty was filled with ground beef, potatoes, peas ,carrots, and cheese.  Warm, gooey, and it felt good being in there.That is what I would say is the key to this place. You have to love it. You have to love feeling of the warmth every time the oven is opened, along with the following scent of roasted herbs and spices. The staff, rushing around, looking more like roadies than cooking professionals.This place is real. It's alive. And it's good. Check out the menu, and go there. I will be going as much as possible.
4	No - this is not a review of the pasties that women wear to cover up nipples underneath their clothing or instead of bathing suit tops... this is a review for Cornish pasties... and to be honest, I didn't know what they were either, until I read the 133 reviews that came before mine!So, I finally made my way to Cornish Pasty Company today after months and months of seeing the reviews roll in, and now I know why there are so many CP fans.  This place is great!It's kind of a British pub atmosphere inside. Really laid back and comfortable - and mostly men dining... my party balanced it out as the three of us brought some estrogen inside!  The menu consists of a diverse variety of pasties, which are like calzones or English hot pockets.  They are all homemade with fresh ingredients, and many of them sound super yummy; i had a hard time deciding what to order... I went with the chicken greek pasty while my dining companions went with the carne adovada and the spicy asiago chicken.  I think we were all pretty happy with our respective orders.  I noticed they have large salads on the menu also.  I'm thinking perhaps next visit I'll try a salad - maybe even go with someone who has similar tastes to me and split a pasty and a salad?  Any takers?Either way, I'll be back - it may have been my first Cornish Pasty experience but it will not be my last!
5	This place a a jewel of Phoenix.  It is one of the most unique, delicious, good ol' fashion home made cooking that will leave you begging for more.  As a small literal hole in the wall in a strip mall, you would never notice it if you didnt already know it was there.  We found this great place thanks to yelp, and decided to give it a shot.  The ambiance is fantastic; small, intimate, and classic with the painted cement floors and dark walls, it reminds me of New York back alley taverns.  The first night we went was absolutely PACKED full, but we still only had to wait about 5 minutes for a table crouched cutely in the back.  Our server was personable, and after going there a few more times I can say the whole staff is spot on.  Now to the menu.  Great beer selection at great prices always adds a star for me.  But that is simply the prequel to the awesomeness that awaits you with the food.  I have had other food but the pasties here - the pasta salad is delicious, good strong greek salad too - but its useless to try to compare it to the pasties.  They have every combination imaginable, from the hearty shepards pie and the oogie to culture fusions like the cajun, the mexican, and one of my favorites, the lamb vindaloo.  You would never think that these ingredients could be packed into a puff pastry and come out incredibly delicious, but it seems to be more of a delightful delectable experience every time I go.  Their desserts are so good too, last time getting the Banoffee pie to go, which was sinful it was so good.  One of the best perks about this place though, is that you can bring any 1/2 cooked pasty home with you - it just takes 10 minutes in the oven - and tada you have awesomeness on hand at home anytime you want.... something i definitely recommend!  Yet again, thank you yelp for a favorite of Phoenix, and if you havent been here yet, believe the hype and do yourself a favor!
2	I had eaten here a few years ago when they first opened, but didn't remember too much about it other than cheap Irish Car Bombs.  It's in an odd location at a strip-mall that's tucked around the corner from a decent Mexican restaurant and a sub-shop.  I'm not sure if they're going for the feel of a mineshaft, but it was ridiculously cold in there.  I'm all for beating the heat, but to go from 104 to 62 degrees was a little much for me.  I could talk more about the ambiance, which is mildly interesting, but the food is the most important thing.  I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala (Red curry) which had chicken, potato, and the red curry sauce.  The chicken was dry, as well as the curry sauce.  Mere days before I'd had Chicken red curry at George and Dragon in Phoenix, which was really good.  The pasty was not on par with that.  I have to say it was one of the more bland curries I've ever had.  Perhaps I should have tried something like their Bangers and Mash or Shepherd's Pie.As for the price, everything on the menu should cost about 20% less.  I think Cornish Pasty is WAY overpriced.  Some of the more traditional stuff is $7 to $7.50, while everything else is $8-9.  Beer is also a little on the pricey side (20 ounce drafts are $5-6) for this kind of place.  Two Boddington's and a pasty were $18 before tax and tip.  So if you absolutely have to have a pasty then I guess this is your place, otherwise there are some other fabulous places nearby that won't break the bank.
3	I will have give this one another try because I was not too thrilled with what I ordered. Good concept and a nice little hole in the wall place especially if you are on a budget like me :)
4	I took my motley crew out for lunch here. I can not dine everywhere b/c like I said my crew is motley. Namely my 8 yr old that will swing from chandeliers and turn over tables. OK maybe a bit exaggerated but still a kid. So I thought this would be a safe joint. but  no, it has a bar like quality that really says "hey we do not want little kids in here" Maybe it was jus the kind of day they were having, us and one other table at the time but I counted 5 guys working. One looked smarmy and really pissed maybe felt crowded. This is a small establishment. So small..... When my little one giggled and spun a bar stool around, The dude with the tude slammed something on the counter kind of freaked me out, I know we were not as annoying as that guy at he end of the place consuming PINTS but oh well.  I love pasty's and these were tasty. Will continue to patronage this establishment by calling in orders.
5	If you haven't been here, you're really missing on something special.  Many friends who have left town make sure to go here on return visits.For those that don't know, a pasty is essentially a gourmet hot pocket.  They've got everything from standard meat and potatoes to a thanksgiving pasty with all the fixings, and plenty more.  The only pasty I didn't like was one with an ingredient I don't like, so I can't blame them.  I'm not even sure if they have other food, because I always get a pasty or two.The beer selection is good, and the staff are great and very friendly.  The only downside is that this place is cramped and it can be hard to find a seat at times; there's only one table that can accommodate a crowd (+ the bar).  I hear the new location is better in this regard.
5	Cornish Pasty Company is one of those rare places that makes you feel like you're somewhere special. A unique concept - at least I've never seen any other pasty restaurants around - makes this place truly one of a kind.I have two favorites when I'm there. 1. the Royale with cheese with a side of ranch. 2. the pilgrim with a side of red wine gravy.The Royale with cheese is what you think it is - burger related. It's hamburger, cheese, onion, mushrooms bacon, and the best part - fries all snuggled into a flaky pasty crust. I like to dip mine into ranch for that classic burger tastiness.The Pilgrim is thanksgiving dinner. It's turkey, sweet potatoes, stuffing and onions. Served with a side of cranberries and gravy. I always have a hard time choosing between the two because they are both so delicious. The place itself has a cool, laid back vibe and the staff is always friendly.The pasties do take a while to make though so expect to wait a while. These are not fast food in any sense of the term. If you are in a hurry, this is not the place for you. Especially at lunch.Also, their seating is really best set up for groups of two.  This is not a "take the whole family out for dinner" kinda place. They have a couple tables in the back that can seat four but the majority of tables are two-tops and then there is space at the bar.No question, Cornish Pasty Company is one of my favorite places in the valley.
5	I've been going to the Cornish Pasty Co. for years now.  I love the atmosphere of this little place, it is small and cozy. The service is good... i have never had a bad experience with the service and had a couple of really good ones. I actually wrote a poem about one of the waitresses but I'm not going to go into that. Now with that out of the way I can talk about the food. I love these little Pasties! My personal favorite is the Pilgrim... but the Chicken Rosemary, Stake Rosemary and Cajan are wonderful too, not to mention the Bangers & Mash, and Shepard's Pie. After all this... one of my families favorite this to do is just order a half dozen pasties to go and bring them home and just smorgasbord!
4	A friend of mine and I visited this restaurant over the weekend. We had a different original perception of what it was, never having actually had a pasty before. I ordered the reuben pasty and it was good. The meat had a good flavor, some sauerkraut and the thousand island was brought on the side. The meal was a good size and left me satisfied - although I kept thinking about Sweeny Todd while eating the lunch.The one downside I found with the restaurant is that we arrived near opening and even though we were the only two in the restaurant, the music was so loud that we could barely hear each other talk. Otherwise, it was a pleasant accidental finding.
4	I found it funny that my friend who comes here frequently still can't pronounce "pasty" (or "hipster hot pockets," as my friends and I like to call them), but after tasting one of these, you could call it anything and it would still be delicious.I don't know why it took so long for me to return to Cornish Pasty Co., especially since I live so close to it, but after chowing down a delectable, flaky shepard's pie pasty and washing it all down with a frosty pint of Hoegaarden, I know my trips will be much more frequent.Sure, it's friggin' small and hot in there, but after you start eating, you pretty much forget about the temperature and you're floating in pasty heaven. And if you're looking to get into some shenanigans, which we were last Friday night, Irish car bombs are 3 bucks all day, everyday. Not too shabby.
5	AMAZING...I went here for my birthday last night...there were 6 of us...I had no idea that there were only a couple tables big enough to sit 6 people...but we were easily accommodated at the bar..which I prefer to sit anywaysYou can see everything going on in the kitchen. I would imagine you would really have to like your co-workers here...working so closely in a small walkway of a kitchen.The Pasty's are simply amazing, and there is one for everyone. I had the cheese steak..and it was spectacular!This is a must go if you are in tempe!! The staff is amazing as well!Best service award for sure!And with 6 people and 4 alcoholic beverages our bill was 83 dollars....Almost unheard of!!And finally ontop of all that.....they deliver to my house....yes they do...whatever Pasty I am in the mood for will be delivered right to my doorstep.I think I am in love...
5	This place is an absolute gem.  An explanation of the food just doesnt do this place justice.  I am currently on my 10th different pasty (Just tried the Pilgrim) and I haven't been disappointed in one yet.  There is a great vegetarian menu as well.  I haven't ventured into this area of the menu yet, but all of those choices look just as delicious.  Every time I try a different pasty, it becomes my new favorite.  I'm sure you will feel the same way.Dont pass up the $3 Irish Car Bombs!  Its so good when it hits your lips.
5	How do you describe a pasty to someone who doesn't know what one is??? I like to say it's more like a "Gourmet Hot Pocket" but bigger!!! That's the best description I have. I love this place and have yet to visit the new location in Mesa, which is now more convenient for me. This location will always be a classic. The staff is "ALWAYS" cool. It's kind of a weird set up. The suite is a very narrow rectangle that spans from end-to-end of the building so the space is limited but they made the best of it. You can tell the crew is a unique one and you can see they all understand each other and their duties as they would have to, being that they are constantly on top and all over each other (NOT LIKE THAT! GET YOUR MIND OUTTA THE GUTTER!). It's actually quite entertaining though! They also have great music playing most of the time and serve beer! You really have to go and check it out for yourself; there's no place like it. My goal is to one day try all the different pasty's. ***Da Bafroom: Mr. Pasty, may I call you Cornish? You got lucky this time! Of all the times I've been to this Establishment, I've not ONCE EVER been to the restroom. I use to work right down the street so all my restroom needs were always satisfied before hand. Being I'm no longer employed there and my new duty to the Yelp community is "BAFROOMS", oh yes my friend, you bet I'll be payin a visit to the porcelain suite of your establishment. I don't anticipate any disappointments by any means but there will be an update on this section soon enough.
4	Okay, I'll readily admit my ignorance: I had no clue what a "pasty" was before I came here.  I'd honestly never even heard of them.  Never once.  So when I got out of the car and looked at the place my friend had taken me, I know that the question "what the heck is a pasty and why is there a company for them?" went through my head.  I looked at the menu (I even read the little history blurb) and still had no clue.So, when a wee calzone-like pasty comes out, filled with the making of a Reuben sandwich, I was very intrigued.  Compared to my hunger, this thing looked puny.  But the smell, the steam, and crispiness of the pastry itself were just too good to be disappointed.  I was not at all displeased.There is a HUGE menu of these things too!  There is a page of classic ones, signature ones, and even vegetarian ones.  The place itself is dark and cozy with a unique diner/bar charm.  Don't pass this place up.
3	Ambiance: This is a VERY narrow shop in a strip mall that faces Hardy NOT Broadway. There are tables for 2 on one side and a bar on the other with a couple tables for 4 in the back. It is very close quartes. It is painted balck to represent a coal mine. You can watch the guys cooking behind the bar.Cleanliness: It was pretty clean and believe me I am always looking. There is 1 unisex bathroom, my hubby used it and said it was ok.Food: We ordered the Oogie (beef, potato, onion and rutabaga with red wine sauce) and the Pilgrim (turkey/chicken, stuffing, sweet potato with cranberry sauce on the side).  We split them. While good size they do not come with any other vegie, salad or garnish. These were priced at $6.50 and $8 respectively. I would never order the Oggie again because the beef was NOT tender! It was quite tough and the potato and rutabaga were undercooked. The Pilgrim said on the menu turkey/chicken but when I asked the waitress she said it was chicken. When I got it I saw that they use white and dark meat. The sweet potato was cut in small cubes and they seemed dry. It had a good flavor but just was not exciting enough to get me to go back.Staff: The waitress was friendly and didn't mind answering questions because it was our first time. My hubby had a soda and it never got refilled..she finally asked when left the bill.Drinks: Well, this is the best thing about the place! They have an excellent selection of beers and I got a 14 oz Kiltlifter for $3.50 a 20 oz wa only $1 more!! You can't beat that!Conclusion: I probably would not go back unless it was just for a beer, but hey I can get beer a lot of places.
5	I had the cajun last week with a giant 34oz cider..  The food was awesome.  Pasties are typically pre-made, although by pre, I think they mean within the last 20-30 minutes..  Mine was fresh out of the oven.  So delicious.  Never eaten anything like it.The service was great, everyone was very friendly.  I sat at the bar, so I got to watch the chef's preparing the next batch.  Be sure to tip those guys too. I'll be back soon, with company.  I have a few more pasties to try..
5	Bottles everywhere are brimming over with lightning. Blind squirrels near and far are dining on lavish feasts of nuts. Dallas G. picked a lunch spot and it was amazing. I've been to the cornish pasty co before but not for a couple of years, and this time it was sublime. They have this pasty (essentially a mini calzone lookin' dealy with different innards) called the royale with cheese. Filled with burger, onions, fries, and such and served with 1000 island or whatever other goo you should like. Sublime. It seems small but is filling, and our waitress is a lovable little thing, too. Hells yeah. If I were a little more stuck up I might deduct one star for the ramshackle looking fellow in the chiefs hat who is running around doing various tasks--this is a food place, after all--but I'm not. 5 stars.
4	yum yum yum.  These pasties are waaaaay better than any of the ones I ate when I lived in England (not sure if that's saying much- sorry british folk).  They also have a nice selection of beer, tasty belgians that go well with a pasty.
5	Yuuuuuuuuuuuuum. This was our first pasty experience, and boy were we happy that Cornish provided our Wednesday night fare. I had the lamb and mint; Josh had the alfredo pasty. The red wine gravy that accompanied my dish was AMAZING. The pasties themsevles look a little on the small side, but they filled us right up. Good people, good atmosphere, happy tummies.
5	I was living in Cali and my BF in Arizona.. My BF and friends took me here on my first visit to AZ and I was afraid I wouldn't be a fan... I was SO wrong. And, once I ate their if I found out they went without me (after I had gone back to Cali) I would get so upset!The location and exterior is very unassuming, actually you might miss it if you didn't know what you were looking for. It's tucked between a discount bread store and an Italian place in a slightly run down little strip mall. Initially, when you walk in it doesn't get much better... Its a hallway basically with about 8 tables that seat 2, 2 tables that seat four and a table all the way in the back that will seat 6-8. They also have about 14 seats at the bar. It's dark and in the summer it's WaRm too. But, once you grab a table (it can take time on a Fri or Sat night) you are in for some good eats. I love The Porky, Bangers & Mash & Carne Adovada. BF loves the Lamb & Mint. Friends of ours typically go for The Cottage Pie, Royale with Cheese or the Greek Chicken. Typically we stay with the "traditional pasties", but I recently tried the Carne Adovada (considered a premium pasty) and it rocks. So, BASICALLY we've never been disappointed. And the red wine gravy that they serve on the side... Yeah, I could drink it (you will want to too). And while there are a TON of pastys to choose from... at least once you have to order their pasta salad (order it w/ chicken). Spinach, bow tie pasta, grape tomatoes, kalamata olives, onions, artichoke hearts, roasted red peppers and chicken tossed in a yummy pesto vinaigrette.This is a spot that we always hit early on a Sat or Sun... rarely are we interested in braving the Fri night crowd... And, don't go with more than 4 people unless you want to sit at the bar.Hard Cider and a pasty... my perfect Sunday afternoon.*I was torn on giving the CPC 4 or 5 stars because of their ti-ny seating capacity... but it adds to the character of the place.
5	There probably isn't much left to be said about the awesomeness that is The Cornish Pasty Co. in Tempe, so I'll keep this brief. I'm a HUGE fan of the Cajun, it is absolute perfection with an amazing chipotle sauce that is the perfect compliment. Since I started going here, I've also come to enjoy starting off my meal with their garlic roasted potatoes (great to share with a friend). I've also tried the meat & cheese, which was great even though despite the fact that I'm not the biggest fan of sausage unless it's in a patty and comes next to some eggs and pancakes. Had a bite of the Italian as well, quite tasty in it's own right, although I picked out the big chunkier tomato, just a personal preference.If the Tempe location is a bit cramped for you, and it DOES get pretty hectic in there sometimes, there's always their Mesa location which stays true to the formula but offers more seating room if you choose to dine in. Don't make the mistake of not trying CPC at least once, I've introduced many friends (and even my parents) to this spot, and I've never gotten a single complaint. There is enough diversity on this menu that you can find someething for just about any range of tastes...hands down one of the most obvious 5 star reviews I've given.
4	I forgot how much I love this place and miss it. Super tiny space, super filling delicious pasties. The faux-chicken they use (quorn) is incredible and very realistic. My fav pasty is the balsamic portobello, the dessert pasties are also tasty, granted you have room. Only downside is the size and wait time.
5	Wow. I tried this place after reading all the reviews on Yelp. If it wasnt for those reviews I would have never ever stumbled upon this place. It's tucked away in an average strip mall and hidden behind an AM/PM. Inside it feels like some Brits renovated an abandoned submarine, it is a tight squeeze in this place but nice a cozy, the lighting is just right and the rustic wood tables and the decor of old mining photos really give this place a distinct mellow feel. The pasty I had the first time was the Bangers and Mash, homemade sausage, some veggies including mash potatoes all inside a delicous pastry or pasty as it is apparently called across the pond. It came with an amazing red wine gravy that just put an already amazing concoction over the top. This place is cheap too! Less than 8 bucks for most the pasties and it is plenty to fill you up. They have alot of British beers on tap too. Overall I would give this place a "If all British food was like this we would still be under colonial rule!"
3	this was just ok. didnt think it was anything special. the gravy and the crust were good though.it was also hard to find because it is hidden behind the AM PM and you cant really see the restaurant from University since it is technically not on University since it is in a small strip mall.
4	I went here for lunch. It was pretty packed and turned out to be a long lunch. Took quite a while after ordering to get the food. Our server said they make everything from scratch, so maybe that's why. I had an ice tea, which is fresh brewed, and it was pretty tasty. Our glasses went empty a few times, but our server refilled 3x. I ordered the rosemary steak and a friend ordered the rosemary chicken so we could try each. I preferred the steak, but both were really good. it comes with a side of mustard sauce, which really added to the flavor. it was a ton of food, and definitely could have been 2 meals. i look forward to going back and trying something new. there were a lot of things on the menu that looked really good!
5	You had me at Hoegaarden and lamb vindaloo pasty.  I came in here a little drunk from cheap drinking at Ra and was starving!  My friend and I looked over the menu, and couldn't decide between which pasty to get.  Luckily, the waiter was extremely patient with us and even helped us decide on which one to get.  We ended up with the lamb vindaloo and the chicken alfredo.  It was only a short wait until our pasties arrived.  They were huge!  Way more than enough for two people.  Both were extremely delicious and flavorful, and I loved the sauces that came with them.  I would definitely recommend getting different pasties so you can split them up and share them.  Great food at a great price!  I love this place!
4	What a find! Especially for a New Yorker, with no dining spot like this back home (but see below). Luckily, it's near the Airport, so it makes a great place to have your first and/or last meal on a trip to Phoenix.Pasties are tasty meat or vegetable pies meant to be lowered to hungry miners in Cornwall. Fortunately for us, someone thought of  bringing them to the US, and particularly to the Phoenix area. I had the Lamb Vindaloo (probably not an import from Cornwall), and my brother had the Balsamic Portabello. Both were delicious; the Vindaloo was spicy, but not too spicy. Go ahead and order it - you won't be sorry.  Since this was sort of dinner, we then shared the Pilgrim, which incorporated turkey, sweet potatoes, stuffing and a side of cranberry sauce. This was OK, but could have used more turkey, and less stuffing. Pies ranged from $6.50-9.00.Excellent selection of European draft beers in 14, 20, and 34 ounce mugs, the largest being a mere $8-9 bucks. Also many imported premium bottles, plus Tempe's own Four Peaks Kilt Lifter (6%) for only $3.50. What a deal.For other New Yorkers reading this, I understand Myers of Keswick, a shop on Hudson Street, has Cornish Pasties and other meat pies. They're generally less than $4.00, so probably smaller and for takeout only. I'll give you an update on this next time I'm down in the Village.
4	And, my dear friends, that's four stars based on takeaway ALONE -- I can imagine, when accompanied by the legendary array of British beers, this will easily make the coveted five star mark. Yummy, greasy, down-home comfort food goodness... and enough vegetarian selections to keep me going for quite a while. Looking forward to having a meal there!
4	The place was dark and hard to find - the sign must be out, or maybe they don't need it.  There wasn't a seat left in the tiny hallway of a restraunt, so we made our way all the way to the back and sat ourselves down at a massive table.  Service was good.  Food is a nice change from standard US fare.  These are deluxe hot pockets which may look small, but pack a pretty filling meal.Hoegarden on tap too, way to go.
4	At the center of this operation is a fabulous crust. I had envisoned sort of a gigantic, doughy calzone filled with equal parts air and filling, but it's much better than that. The crust is a thin shell, like a pie crust, which gives the sandwich a firm, easy to handle structure while maximizing the filling cavity. The chicken tikka masala was aromatic, beautifully seasoned and downright glorious. Just a wonderful sandwich, even without the complementary and complimentary yoghurt. Shepards pie and a traditional "Oggie" received raves as well. Service was friendly and professional. My only quibble is that certain aspects of the decor scream Tempe dive bar more than outstanding niche restaurant - even at lunchtime. It's rather dark and small, the ceiling's painted black with what looks like auto body paint, furniture is beaten up, the back door glass is cracked and there's tacky boxes of supplies blocking what is already a narrow floor aisle. Do I think they should invest in brass and wood paneling and pretend to be Houstons? No. I just think their food concept and execution is so unique and terrific that deferred maintenance and sloppiness around the edges kinda detracts from their hard earned, fundamental excellence. It doesnt detract a lot. CPC honors and indeed transcends "British Cuisine" and is definitely worth a visit. The food is marvelous.  Service is good. Everyone seems to be having a good time.  But if you're older or fussy, like me, just dont expect Buckingham Palace.
4	So my friend (Jason B.) suggested this place...and I was not convinced by the name...weird images of pot pies out of the movie Sweeney Todd, floated through my mind...I know that is so horrible! Sorry if I grossed anyone out with that! Then to top it off, it was almost impossible to find, because it was so dark! The place is long and skinny, and when you sit at the bar you get to watch people make the calzones (for lack of a better word) which is fun! It was kind of weird at first to have a conversation, but you get comfortable!We decided to order 2 and share, so we could try more variety. We got a meat and cheese, which was served with a red wine sauce. Maybe because I am not a fan of red wine I didn't like the sauce!?!? But the pastry was so tasty! The meat was very flavorful and the cheese was gooey and yummy! We also ordered the Lamb Vindaloo, wow was this spicy! Don't get me wrong I can handle spice! And I would say any more and it would be too much. The Sauce that came with it was necessary to cool off your mouth, and it helped that it was very tasty and refreshing! I am looking forward to going back and trying the many different pastries they have.But please don't let me forget to mention dessert aka creamy heavenly goodness, that is the peanut butter and jelly pastry. Fresh hot out of the oven with jelly sauce....oh my! My mouth is watering just thinking about it! When you go, and you should, don't forget dessert!
5	Lot's of really great beers on tap. Awesome atmosphere, staffed by really cool people and not overpriced. The food is extremely delicious, yet simple. There are a wide variety of pasty's for everyone's taste buds, including vegetarian minded people like me. I highly recommend this place for a drink, dinner or taking a date! It's definitely a good mix up to the usual fare, but be forewarned the pasty's are quite fattening--as is the case with nearly everything that tastes good!
5	OMG this place was soooooo good and I can't wait to go back for more. My boyfriend and I were headed out to Tempe a couple days ago and I asked him to Yelp some restaurants in the area. He mentioned pastys and all I could think of was pasties that women wear, anyways, I figured that if Yelpers gave it a great review it must be good. As you walk in it is kind of small, yet intimate. Are SUPER tiny waitress came over to take our order (She was super cute and small). My man ordered Cajun Chicken and I ordered the porky pasty with a Boddingtons. MMMM the food came out nice and warm.I have to be honest that I liked the mans more than mine, his dish was a little spicy and it came with this chipotle style spread that pulled all the flavors together. The porky was good, it reminded me of pub food I have had in Edinburg, Scotland. It was gravy filled with lots of potatoes and meat.  Needless to say, I felt like I needed a nap afterwards; however, we decided to share the PB&J desert and it was GREAT!  Hands down the warmest best PB&J I have ever had.  We ended up paying around $30.00 for 2 bears dinner and desert, not bad.
4	I have been here 2 times and both times it has been awesome.  A low key atmosphere combined with some original draft beers and throw in hot pockets on steroids and it is a good combo!
5	Any good city has places well-suited for kicking off a great night. Cornish Pasty is one of those places.With so many filling options (meat-and-potatoes for the all-American, East Indian cuisine for the globetrotter, eggplant for the vegetarian), all your friends can find pasties they like. And the $3 Car Bombs are tasty and potent.As a take-home option, Cornish Pasty offers discounted half-baked pasties you can finish at home. But I prefer to sit at the bar, have a few drinks and watch the cooks prepare pasties from ultra-fresh ingredients.Note: Seating is limited at this location, so be prepared to wait or go during non-peak hours.
4	Apparently the British invented the calzone.  Humanity should thank them because I would be surprised if you were to find a chicken pot pie or Vindaloo calzone in Italy.  Maybe you would be hard pressed to find these items in England, but the Cornish Pasty Company makes them available in the Valley of the Sun.Variety is always good and I was happy to get something completely different than what is offered elsewhere for lunch in the Tempe area.  Just keep in mind that the restaurant is pretty small, so if you are going for a work-day lunch you should arrive before noon or well after the lunch rush to have a good chance grabbing a table without a wait.
4	WOW! this place is sooo good, stop by and grab a beer and pasty. They have a good selection of English beers to go with the array of pastys available. These things are like big hot pockets and they are delicious!  Did i mention $3 car bombs
4	I first went to the Mesa location but had to try the original one.  I was surprised to see that both places are very slim and long.  This location is very small.  How small you ask?  Small enough that the staff constantly has to stop what they are doing to step aside and let other coworkers pass.  They were good at it though.I love trying different types of food, and if it's a small local I am definitely in.  After checking out the rave reviews I gave them a shot.  I loved my pasty (Pass-tee) at both locations but I was denied the shepards pie one in Mesa because they were out.  I lucked out and finally got it at this location.  Boy was that good.  Ground lamb just has a better flavor note to it that beef doesn't bring to the table.We also had a little half salad and some roasted potatoes.  Both were tasty and the roasted potatoes have a coat of fresh thyme on them and didn't have the fat and grease factor of fries.In a place this small it is impossible to have bad service.  You can literally reach out and tap the staff if you feel neglected, that is how close they are.  Why do they get minus a star?  Because I am 6'5" and had to assume a yoga pose that I am neither familiar with, nor comfortable performing due to the closeness of the stool to the bar.  I could have chosen a table, but I live to drink in the experience.  They have several beers to choose from, bonus points for not having American piss water on tap and having a little variety.  The place is very casual with some personality too.  A little tip for those like me who broke the record for most U-turns within a 100 yards.  The place faces west on the NE side of the intersection between University and Hardy.  A little tricky at night because the sign may not be on and the little shopping center address isn't lit up either.  Great food, friendly and social staff.  Unique little place.  What more do you want?
5	Had dinner at this place tonight and want to go back again tomorrow... and maybe every day after that.I had the Sheppard's Pie pasty (hamburger, cheddar, mash, carrots, and peas) served with a side of their wine gravy. It was so delicious. My friend had the bangers and mash and their sausage was so incredible, I was jealous and plan on getting that the next time. We also had the apple pasty for desert which is about half the size of the meal pastys but came drizzled in caramel and with a size of vanilla bean ice cream and real whipped cream. SO GOOD! They also serve hard cider which is somewhat hard to find in Arizona, so that was a definite bonus. They also had a few other import beers on tap or in bottles as well as a full bar. Super friendly staff, excellent prices (each meat pasty is around $7 and it's totally worth it), and a great atmosphere. Completely recommend this place to anyone!
5	Reasons Why I Love CPC: GREAT FOODGREAT PRICESGREAT ATMOSPHERENICE STAFFDELIVERY!! I had never tasted the glory that is a pasty until I went there by recommendation of a friend a few years ago. Ever since my first visit, I have been hooked. I have learned to order one pasty for lunch, and get another to-go for later-- because knowing me, I will have a second craving during the day.  The first time I went I courageously tried their Chicken Tikka Masala pasty. My grandfather is from India, and I was raised on traditional Indian food, so I was a skeptic. However, their take on chicken masala (typically consisting of chicken, red curry, potatoes, vegetables and accompanied with rice) was impressive. There was just the right amount of curry to chicken to vegetable ratio, and I could not help but want to scarf it down. It was mild, so anyone could love it. Even their Vegetarian Tikka Masala pasty is delicious. As a former vegetarian and vegan, I am always skeptical when trying new meat substitutes, but the Quorn chicken substitute has a great consistency.  Another time I went, I tried their Shepherd's Pie Pasty, and declared that a victory. The pastry shell was crisp, the filling was flavorful, and the peas and carrots hadn't gone to mush. You can tell that they make the pasties (pastys?) fresh just by biting into them, but if you're not convinced, sit up at the bar and watch.   I will say, one of the best pasties they have is their Lovely Bit a Salmon. It took me a while to be able to order it because every time I tried, they were sold out (AND FOR GOOD REASONING!). I got lucky one unassuming Tuesday afternoon while ordering delivery for my mother, my roommate and myself. They were surprisingly prompt in their delivery and didn't seem to get lost with my crappy directions to my apartment. I ordered the Salmon, my mother the Pilgrim (SOOOO GOOD), and my roommate the Cheese Steak ( I didn't try his, but he said it was awesome). The Salmon pasty was heaven. I am not kidding- HEAVEN wrapped in a delicate pastry blanket and hand delivered from The Almighty Himself. The salmon was cooked to perfection, the dill sauce was mild, the asparagus still al dente, the potatoes were perfect, and the tomatoes and spinach were an added plus.  My new favorite "every-now-and-again" pasty is The Peanut Butter and Jelly. HOLY GUACAMOLE! They have taken the traditional PB&J and slapped it in the face sent it home to it's momma. Then added some refinement, and some ooey-gooey, yummy in my tummy, goody-goody gumdrops to it. Holy Toledo. The banana is welcomed added bonus.   To be honest, I have yet to try a pasty there that I do not like. This is a great thing, yet can be very unhelpful when trying to figure out what to have for lunch or dinner.  Maybe someone can help me... I do not know what is in their salad dressing for their basic green salad... but it is AMAZING!  Their garlic roasted potatoes and mushy peas are so yummy as well.  They have my two drink requirements on tap: Guinness and Boddingtons. Also, they have Duvel which is one of my favorite Belgian beers for a moderate price. They have great Happy Hour drink specials including $3 car bombs. $3! YOU CAN'T BEAT THAT! Dine in, take out, or delivery. It doesn't matter how you get it, just GET IT! Make sure that if you order their green salad you get extra dressing--you will be happy that you did.
5	1. They offer Rogue on draft.2. They have umpteen billion different pasties.3. It's not in North Phoenix or Glendale (read my reviews of places in those locations) so you are almost guaranteed to not dine next to redneck, lifted truck, white trash.4. Service is really friendly.5. Great soundtrack.I wholeheartedly recommend it. I can't say anything that hasn't been said already so I'll leave it to that.
5	YUM!!  I had the shepherd's pie and it was the perfect blend of meat, mashed potatoes, and veggies.  It didn't even really need the side of gravy, that was just a bonus.  The dough is perfect.  Wide variety of pasties to choose from and some very interesting combinations.  One pasty is very big and will fill you up.  Mine was so good I wanted to eat the whole thing, but luckily I exercised some restraint.  Please come to Southern California.
5	Wow... i don't think I've ever been in a more narrow place.. ever! but it was just perfect in ever way!!! They have tables along one side and a bar with tall stools along the other side... you can watch them make your food.... its like the food network... but live and you can smell it :) my coworker and i sat right in front of the oven... every time they would open the oven i would only get hungrier!! :) we could see all the fresh and yummy ingredients!! i had the Reuben (Pastrami, corned beef, homemade sauerkraut and Swiss with a side of 1000 island dressing) WOW... it was amazing... for their sauerkraut they use red cabbage... it was more sweet than bitter... and the crust of the pasty was flaky and buttery... so delicious!! and i honestly forgot how much i love corned beef! over all it was very rich... but great to share.... My Coworker had the Italian.. (pepperoni, salami, ham, mozzarella, basil, tomatoes and marinara sauce) it looked great... he loved it... you could see the fresh basil and tomatoes... it smelled divine we didn't speak for a full 20 minutes... just barley loud enough mmmmmmmms and o-m-g this is amazing... said quietly to ourselves.... all of the employees were so outgoing and laid back at the same time... just really cool guys... i loved the atmosphere and the attitudes that filled this place... i cannot wait to come back!
5	Every time I go visit my dad in AZ a stop a Cornish Pasty Company is needed. Anything you ever hoped and dreamed about in a warm flakey crust has come true. They have alot of options from a thanksgiving dinner, to a hearty Italian feast and even peanutbutter and jelly. I've enjoyed everything I've had here and love that they have a good selection of microbrews to wash your pasty down with.
5	Are you kidding me? How have I not been here before? I found myself in the area of this place yesterday, so finally stumbled in. First off, the people who work there are really friendly and helpful. I think the guys name was Justin. Anyway, since I never had a pasty before, I required some direction and the menu has just about every kind of great filling you can think of to put in your pasty. I settled on the cheesesteak pasty. Since I didn't know what kind of sauce to order with it, Justin brought me three different ones. Red wine gravy, peppercorn sauce and some mustard cream sauce.  As it turned out, they were all great but the peppercorn was my favorite. I gotta tell you, the pasty was great. though I have no previous pasty experience, I can say that this pasty was terrific, the service was great and I will be going back.
4	Cornish Pasty Company always lands on my list when someone asks me where to get a good meal in Tempe.
3	I think people have a tendency to overrate this place because it is the only restaurant of its kind.  Don't get me wrong, the pasties are great, but there are a few reasons why this place isn't a four star restaurant:1) It's overpriced.  You're paying almost 15 bucks for a lunch originally meant for miners.2) It's cramped.  Good luck going there with more than one other person.3) It's a little dingy.  Someone said the atmosphere is great.... Huh?  Not sure why a dark dining room that is six feet wide and crowded can be considered a nice atmosphere, unless maybe you grew up in a sewer.Also, make sure you get there early if you want a table or food in a reasonable amount of time.
5	This is one of my new favorites places to bring people who are from out of town. It's something different that I think real "Foodies" will enjoy. Although the restaurant itself is dark and cramped, it's worth going to over and over again. I ordered the Shepherd's Pie Pasty, it was very filling and delicious. Although I had to wait 20 minutes for it, it was worth waiting for a fresh out of the oven pasty. But if you're ever in a rush, a good thing about this place, is that you can call ahead and request for them to start cooking your pasty so that it is ready to be served once you arrive.
5	This place is realllly yummy.If you like/are Rockabilly you will love this place.If you have an affinity for girls/guys with tattoos/gauges you will enjoy this placeIf you want thanksgiving dinner shoved into an unhealthy English version of a Pita Pocket you will DiiiiiiiiiEEEEEEEEEEE (Rachel Zoe ) this place.I'm naut ruckabillie but I "dig" this place. It's really dark inside, and the food goes good with beer which they have much of.There are really great/grotesquely intriguing pictures of coal miners on the walls too which are fun to look at while eating said pastys...not the nipple coverings.TRY: the pasta salad..it ain't a pasty but holy-rockabilly-hell it is effin' good!
4	I less than 3 this place. I've been more than a few and always leave smiling, full, and satisfied. The staff is friendly and fairly fast. I am not sure though how exactly one would determine that rock-a-billies as a whole would love this place. Maybe the grease from the stoves and kitchen floor? However, if you like good food and a fair beer selection this is the place for you. And they have good happy hour drink specials if you like to get really drunk. If you don't mind sitting on an unknown someone's lap then lunch rush is probably not a problem for you. Elbow room is the only thing that is lacking here. Of the ones I've tried so far the porky, lamb vindaloo, chicken tikka masala, and lamb & mint are all pretty darn good. This is making me hungry for a pasty!And the friggin' pb & j pasty is incredible!
4	A very unique place indeed. Its a narrow corridor with a kitchen on one side and bar and tables on the other. Its interesting to sit on the bar and watch them making the food. The food itself while being really unique was  above average. I would like to give them 3.5 stars for the food and another star just for the layout.
5	We just moved offices and landed near the Tempe Cornish Pasty Co.  It's certainly an office favorite.  There is very limited seating so we usually go before 11:45 or after 1pm if it's a lunch rendezvous.  The food is amazing and unless you're from the UP, chances are you haven't had anything like it.  There are a ton of different pasty options.  Every time I look over the menu, it's like Christmas all over again.  Service can be a tad slow, but I realize that perfection isn't pre-made.  The beer selection is outstanding as well.  The staff is solid, very polite, and usually showcase a nice selection of body ink.  Don't be scared to try some apps or lighter fare.  EVERYTHING there is great.Also, they offer half cooked Pastys.  So you can swoop in grab them and finish cooking at your leisure.  Although I usually like posting up a the bar and taking in the great crowd and atmosphere.  It's a weekly stop for me and I don't see that slowing anytime soon.  I also frequent the location in Mesa (corner of Dobson and Guad).  It's a much larger location with a slighty more upscale feel.  Same great food and service.
4	I had been waiting to come in here for quite sometime now. My brother is a big fan and my good friend Steph has been recently praising it's glory. So we went in for lunch today. I had looked online at the website ahead of time at the menu and was impressed with the beer list, as well as the selection of pasties. I was expecting it to be all chicken-pot-pie and shepards pie but it was not the case.It's a very skinny joint with a small amount of seating. I did notice towards the back a booth, which would be great for a big group but parties of 2-4 is probably best.We started off with some beers, which was nice because the pasties take about 20 minutes to cook. Just enough time to quench your thurst and may I just say any place that can make a black velvet (not too many) from there draft is directly put on to my favs. I  appreciate it!I had the Chicken Takki Masala pasty. It was delicious! Perfectly spicy and flavorful, the colors were also fantastic! I did however wish there was more chicken it it, which was cooked and spiced to perfection (the potatoes were as well but the chicken was just wonderful). Steph had the Greek Chicken pasty which was also delicious. I think next time I'll get one of those for myself.I will definitely be heading back here! Not only was the food good, but they had great tunes on, great service, and good-looking cooks!
5	It is a big hot pocket!  At least that is how I tried to describe it to my friend before we went tonight. My friend and I went there tonight for a to go order, to take to our new favorite brewery.  There is no to go order area so we just sat at the bar seating. It took a few minutes for us to decide and just as long for us to be asked what we wanted. It was one of the rare occasions where deciding was hard, there is an entire vegetarian section of their menu. I went the Veggie Mexican, complete with spicy soy, eggs, cheese and potatoes. Once you hold a pasty in your hand you can feel the heft and how it will be a filling me. Each bite was full of spicy and savory flavors. The potatoes added a nice texture contrast to the soft eggs and soy. My friend had the bangers and mash, which he thoroughly enjoyed.We did have a side of garlic chips (fries) they were neither needed nor great. Parking right in front can be tight but there is parking in the rear and easy access to the back door.
5	WOW!! My Mom used to make us pasty's when we were kids, unfortunatley they were never this good! The Bangers and Mash was excellent, M\my wife had the Shepards Pie which she loved! You can never go wrong here with the beer/cider choices, Strongbow & Boddingtons on tap. I will definately return.
4	This place is dangerous!  It is within walking/stumbling distance of my house and offers car bombs for $3 all day, everyday.  Cornish is usually my default drink stop or eatery when I can't figure out what to eat.Menu is very robust and offers quite a few vegetarian offerings, which is very different and they are actually really good (this coming from a non-veggie).  My favorite is the non-traditional royale with cheese, but I haven't found one I don't like and I've had almost every single one.  They added some side dishes recently to accompany the pasty options and provides a bit more food than I can handle.There are quite a few beer options on tap with some really decent tastes of the UK and others.  I love being able to find Boddington's on draft and they have it here in 32 oz. mugs!  Again, DANGER!
4	Interesting name, Interesting place. Pretty darn good food! Had an enjoyable lunch of Habiscis Iced Tea and a Cottage Pie Pasty. I was bummed they were out of oven chips.  The restaurant is small and narrow, but packs in a good crowd.  If it wasn't lunch and I didn't have a long way to drive, I would have tried a beer, since they are a pub too. The waitress did a good job keeping my tall glass of tea filled. The food doesn't come out quickly, but thats fine since the pasty was delicious. My friend who I met there for lunch mentioned how it would be nice if they had a sampler platter of select pasties to try, as there is a plethora of choices on the menu, including a list of vegetarian pasties. If I am in Tempe in the near future, I'll make sure to remember this place. Not easy to find at first, but a darn good discovery to make.
4	I'd probably give this place 5 stars, except that no place deserves 5 stars until I've had at least three stellar experiences there. Give me a few weeks, I bet I can make that happen.I stopped in here on Sunday for lunch about 1pm. We walked in to this small, narrow... PACKED bar. Misconception #1, it never occurred to me that we might not be able to get a table!! There was one very large rectangular table near the back, and thankfully the trio seated on just one side of the huge table, graciously allowed my party of two to take the other side. Whew.I ordered a beer (The waitress even recommended one that wasn't on the menu yet, nice touch) and my sister, who is much better behaved than I am, ordered a water. I ordered the chicken tikka masala pasty (I'm sure it's not really traditional but I have a thing for indian food at the moment) and my  sister got the Chicken Greek. And we waited... and waited. OK, Misconception #2  :) I mistakenly thought this would be sort of a fast-food place.  It wasn't! It was about a 40 minute wait for the food. And I am NOT complaining... I'm just saying... I had a misconception! It was SO GOOD I'd have waited double the time (although I'd be drunk by that time, considering what a good beer selection they  have, no good would come from that!). Incidentally, the service was quite good and responsive, especially considering how busy they were. My chicken tikka masala was very flavorful, but only slightly spicy (The waitress told me they make their curry in-house, I assume they make it only mildly spicy to accommodate all diners), I was impressed. My only complaint is that the potatoes inside my tikka masala pasty were still quite firm... but that's probably a matter of personal preference. I like potatoes well done, not still firm. My sister was very happy with her Chicken Greek and she's such a picky eater (I love you Julie!) that it's a damn miracle she liked it that much. Oh, and our bill was like $22.00. Awesome, I can afford to come here all the time!! We will certainly be back, I look forward to being able to upgrade this place to 5 stars.
5	I went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago with my bosses. It was packed on a Friday - we sat at the bar and our cook was fantastic! We got to sit and chat with him while he worked away at the orders. I had the chicken pesto pasty and it was wonderful! the bread used is similar to a pastry dough type...but not as sweet. The pasty was so filling, I could barely finish it.My bosses have been there before and have always wanted to try the peanut butter and jelly pasty - so we all split it as dessert and it was so good. They put bananas in it and drizzle jelly over the whole pasty. It's definitely rich and gooey. I would totally go back here again and have told my friends about it too! Amazing place.
5	I went to Arizona with some friends over the weekend, and a local recommended Cornish Pasty. It was so good that we went back the next day. The servings are HUGE. Across the weekend I sampled the Pilgrim (thanksgiving in a pasty), the salmon one, the apple/caramel dessert, and pesto chicken. Everything was mindblowingly amazing. I really liked the dill sauce in the salmon, and the cranberry on the Pilgrim. I had the leek/potato/stilton soup as well, which was creamy and delicious as well.I liked it so much that I started looking up the history of cornish pasties on Wikipedia. They're really good. I want to make my own, now.The location is fairly tiny, so it's not good for groups.
5	Go here. This is one of my friends and I's favorite places, always fun for a night out, lunch or dinner. We've been going for a few years now and with all of my friends, I'm sure we've tried everything on the menu, or just about. Some favorites are the Cajun, the Spicy Asiago, the Philly, though the list could go on about as long as their menu. Beers good. Car bombs are great for those crazier nights. Love love love this place (though the new Mesa location is larger and more comfortable).
4	I like to try new things, so far I haven't found a pasty that I didn't like. I think the Italian is definitely my favorite.I personally prefer to take out or get delivery since the actual restaurant is pretty small.
4	You know when you have those days where you think "diet? what diet?" Yeah, those are the days that I go to the Cornish Pasty Company. Because what is a pasty if not a bread pocket stuffed with all the world's delights and 1,000 calories? Well, maybe not 1,000 calories, but it's close- it's also worth it! Prior to abandoning meat, my favorite was the royale with cheese (minus the shrooms please). My favorite food in the entire world used to be a round patty of ground beef, sandwiched between two sesame seed buns until I discovered this little treasure. A pocket stuffed with ground beef, cheese,  grilled onions (and get this) french fries!! It honestly doesn't get any better than this. That is of course, until I became a vegetarian.Now my favorite guilty pleasure has become the cheese and onion pasty. Packed with potatoes, rutabega, cheese and onions, and lots of ketchup on the size. Even though I know all the sodium will cause me to bloat up like a blimp later, I just can't resist eating it all in one sitting. There's a robust vegetarian menu, featuring Quorn brand mock-meat which has been delicious each time I've tried it. And every now and then, when you're determined to stay on the old diet wagon, but everyone in your lunch meeting wants pasties, fear not, they do have a salad menu! The pasta salad is super yummy, and comes with the option of adding meat if you're looking for some additional protein.Bottom line, there really is something for everyone at the Cornish Pasty Co. If you haven't tried it yet, do it!
4	Really good - glad I tried it last year when I went to Phoenix.  For smokers - they did let people smoke in the outside seating area.  For non-smokers thinking to eat outside enjoying the cool desert night with your bangers an' mash - um - that is a consideration to consider.  There's really no way to get away from it if there are smokers outside at the time.
5	There is no point writing a full review with all the good things people have already said (accurately) about Cornish.  I only write to rank my favorites:1) Carne Adovada2) Peppered Steak (omgcreamybrandysauce)3) Spicy Asiago Chicken4) Pesto ChickenP.S. GET THE BANOFFEE- I DON'T CARE HOW FULL YOU ARE.  Only request- more beers on tap please!
4	Yum!
4	This place is the ultimate diet killer!  All I can say is that the food here is different and it's awesome.  You simply have to experience it for yourself.  I've only eaten here twice because I am limiting myself to once a month.  I actually schedule eating at this place in my phone.  It's that good!
5	If you are not familiar with a pasty, it's a savory pocket pie that was originally made to be a portable meal for miners in England. Cornish Pasty Co is one of my favorite haunts. It's hot pockets for foodies. Great food, prepared with fresh ingredients. Everything is made from scratch, from the delicate crust to the savory fillings. They have a huge selection of different fillings (about 35), including a big selection of vegetarian selections. One of my favorites is the Veggie Rosemary Chicken (or non veggie version too). The sides (oven roasted potatoes) and salads are great too. They're open late, so I often stop here after a band gig when I'm starving and sit at the long bar. Service is usually very good.
5	I'm not going to say what has already been said, this place is the jammy jam, there isn't a bad item on the menu.  I love the atmosphere, very intimate, hole in the wall.  I guess the only downfall is in fact its size, which can be limiting, if they are busy.  The only words of wisdom I would have, is don't shy away from the desserts.  The banoffee pie seems like it "might" be a good idea, but I can ensure you, it is amazing!  Definitely one of my favorite spots in the area!
5	All their pasties are DELISH.  Side dishes are also awesome and they are super cheap!  What a great place for late night binging of awesome food and drinks.  Ambiance is just what a British pub out to be.
5	The space is cozy, the drinks are cheap, and the food is homemade. Short Version: Hot Pockets!Long Version: Hand-crafted dinners of seasoned, good-quality meats and veggies (or vegetarian options) wrapped in a flaky, buttery, baked, melt-in-your-mouth carbo-load of a crust. The menu runs the full spectrum and includes the standard list of limey choices plus salmon, mexican choices, indian, vegetarian, and even a cheeseburger complete with french fries - IN the crust! Food is hot and fast, service is outstanding (anyone can and will help you), and the soups are to DIE for - chunky yet smooth, appropriate levels of salt, and fresh ingredients with flavor that really pops. They also have $3 Irish Car Bombs. Boo-YEAH!
5	This place is great, I really should make an effort to come out more often.  The Reuben is so great!  They have a good selection of beers and good prices.  I am not really sure what else to say here, as the other things I can think of are mentioned in other people's reviews.  I just know that I will definitely be going back.
4	By far, one of the best pasties I've ever had! car bombs are dirt cheap!  If you're craving for English pub food, come here! they do have other variations of pasties like Mexican fillings, but don't get that, stick with the typical English.Stay away from the Curry fries, it's sooo salty for some reason!The inside was designed very narrow which means seating is limited.  So you walk in and it's just a narrow path with 2-4 person tables and back area with bench seating to fill a dozen people.
4	This was the first time I ever tried a Pasty, but won't be the last. I met a friend here for lunch and was very surprised by the little hole in the wall establishment that provided big flavors. I had the philly cheese-steak pasty and it was great. Took the OG one home to my boyfriend and he loved it... he asked why I didn't bring him 2. The menu is big so anyone can find something they will most definitely enjoy. I'll be going back soon for more.
5	Was very busy but the food was excellent.  I left with a very satisfied tummy. Will definitely go back next time I'm in town.
5	There are two tricks here. Show up early, and the car bombs are only $3.My friends and I came in for dinner before a concert. We arrived to a empty place at 5:35 by 6:00 all but a few seats were taken. Keep in mind that this place is quite small.This go around I went more traditional with veggie oggie. $7 It is filled with veggie steak, potatoes, rutabaga and onion. It was pretty good but not as filling as the Mexican.For sides my friend got the baked beans, it come looking like a French onion soup, capped with a large clump of melted cheddar in a small cast iron dish. The Beans them self are nothing to special.Custom pasties are not really an option with their long prep time FYIOn a small note I also like the metal plates, metal is just a great substance.
5	This place has something for everyone - from mexican, to traditional english, greek and indian. The food is more than filling, the price is very reasonable for what you get, and the staff is friendlier than most places I've been. They serve good beer, and serve $3 car bombs all the time - if you don't like the food, it's easy to drink until you do. It's not very spacious, but that adds to the charm - you may spend up to 15 minutes waiting for a 2-top, but I've never really minded the wait. The soundtrack is better than any you're going to find - I recently ate my Bangers and Mash while listening to Clarence Carter - Strokin'. This quickly devolved into a singalong for several of us, something I would be surprised to find out happens quite often here. I've heard some people say that their pasties aren's as good as other places, but I doubt that these others have the variety and consistent quality that the Cornish has. The salads served here are of exceptional quality as well.The only problem I've come across here is that the pasties are pre-made, meaning that special requests (no mushrooms, extra meat, etc) cannot be honored. Usually this does not present a problem, but it is something to be aware of.
5	Dear Cornish Pasty, you live up to your hype. You win. I have been wanting to try Cornish Pasty Co. for some time, but I honestly thought it was just hyped up on yelp. I mean, it's just a hot pocket...right? WRONG. First off, their menu does not just consist of pasties. They have a handful of salads that looked delicious and sides. I started with a cup of their potato leek soup. The flavors were so intense and rich. I enjoyed every spoonful. I also tried the mushroom walnut spinach and that was also beyond delicious. Finally it came time to select our pasty. This time I split the asiago chicken. Trust me, splitting was a good choice. I don't think I could finish one on my own. The asiago chicken was full of flavor. It was spicier than I expected, but the sour cream dulled the heat. Nevertheless, it was delicious. We ran out of time so we didn't get to try dessert, but that is just another reason to come back.
4	I ate at Cornish Pasty last night and I already want to go back and try some of their other Pasties.  First time going to this place and I really enjoyed the darker, cramped atmosphere.  They had good music playing too.  Waitress was very nice, Started off with some car bombs, $3 anytime, great deal.  Ordered some food and got some beers and about 5 or 10 minutes after than the waitress informed us that she forgot to put in our order.  So she gave us 2 free car bombs.  Nice, the food came out quickly after that so I was pretty happy she forgot about the order.   Food was very good, i liked the spicy asiago chicken, could have been spicier.  My girlfriend said she enjoyed the italian.  Overall, great place for relatively cheap priced food and drinks.
4	This narrow restaurant is tucked away in a strip mall in Tempe near ASU. Popular among the hippy type, it reminds me of my time in Portland, OR. There are only a handful of two seater tables and one long bar for seating. The restaurant fills up fast at dinner time and is a very tight fit to try to find an open seat among patrons and servers. I ordered the Royale with Cheese. I would have liked to have it without mushrooms but the pasties are pre-made so no changes or substitutions can be made. Luckily the mushrooms were pretty big and easy to pick out. The pasty was delicious overall but the meat was a bit salty. The menu says it has french fries but they are really just potatoes cut like fries and not actually deep fried. I liked that. I was afraid the french fries would make it too greasy but they were a great addition. My friend had a Cottage Pie Pasty. He said it was delicious and had no complaints. The red wine sauce complimented it well.As I noted above, this place can get pretty busy and the servers run around like crazy serving and bussing tables. Service isn't superb but the food really makes up for it. Go here and you won't be disappointed.
3	I want to give Cornish Pasty 4 stars, I really really do. The pasties themselves are delicious. It's been about two months since I went for the first time and I've been dreaming about them ever since. When I went I ordered the Shepherd's Pie (Lamb, peas & carrots, grilled onions, mashed potatoes and cheese with a side of gravy) and it was well worth the trip down to Tempe. The gravy was definitely necessary as without it, it would have been a bit dry. I tried to order the french fries and was told they didn't have any left, despite it being only 8pm on a Saturday night. The reason for my star-stringiness has to do with the level of service. We had 4 people and when we walked in they were pretty busy. There was a table in the back that just needed to be cleaned off. A waitress came up and told us to wait there for a minute while she cleaned it off. About 30 seconds later a waiter came up and told us not to stand by the front and to go stand by the table. We walked back by the table and then got yelled at by the waitress for not listening to her. From that point on she seemed pretty pissed off at us. It was to the point that I felt uncomfortable even just asking her for a cup of water. Despite the unfriendly server, I'll definitely go back for another tasty pasty!
4	Excellent place to get a pasty.  Fairly quick service in a rustic atmosphere.  The primary seating is kitchen-adjacent, and they serve you on metal plates.  However, don't let the rustic atmosphere fool you, the food is top-notch.
5	It must be good, as I keep coming back. They have a great veg selection, it is cheap, and it tastes great, and makes a good to go food. If only it were healthier.My last trip here was another to go, and good thing too as there were no tables and only single bar seats.I went  with the salmon pasty, it has everything I like in it, asparagus, potato and of course salmon. It comes with  dill mayo sauce.  My experience told me that fish does not do well in baked formats like this, and I was right, to bake the dough the fish ends up over cooked and dry. Luckily the Dill sauce was able to remedy that. While this pasty it self was not the best I will be back again to try yet another.
5	Little place tucked away but amazingly good
4	Now this here was a good recommendation and a pleasant surprise.  This location is literally a hole in the wall (or a small hallway through a wall).  You have a tiny path to walk between tables squished up against the wall and the bar.  Behind the bar is where the employees are cramped between the ovens and the cooking area/bar making stuff up for the customers and tripping over one another trying to maneuver around in that tiny space.  Now...don't be distressed.  It was actually a good experience.I stopped in after work by myself, pulled up a seat at the bar.  A nice young lady from behind the bar came up to take my order.  I had never been here before, so had some questions.  Also, not being a huge onion fan (at least if they are really strong) I asked about the Porky, which aside from onion in the ingredient list, looked quite good.  She assured me the taste was mild and I would not notice.  I took her at her word and she was correct.  I did not notice and enjoyed my porky.  I got it along with a hard cider and garlic roasted "chips" (fries).  All in all...I was impressed by the good service, very knowledgeable staff, and in general, good food.  I think I might enjoy some of the other pasties(sp?) a bit more...but the Porky was good and quite flavorful.  The fries...the garlic they baked them with didn't really stick...so it was hit and miss...but overall...still good.  My only complaint really was by the time I got a beer, meal, and fries, it was nearly $20.  $7+ for the entree, $5 for the cider, and ~$3 for the fries.  Somewhat pricey.  But otherwise, good.  Top-notch service.
5	Easily one of my favorite places in Arizona, let alone Tempe.  And that's from day one... (I was pretty late to the Cornish Party).  The atmosphere is unbeatable... feels like I'm in San Fran or London.  The steak / blue cheese pasty is fannnnnnnntastic.
4	A hybrid of a Calzone and a glorified Hot Pocket, Stuffed with some of the most amazing combos of food you could think of! you could go here for lunch everyday for months and never get the same thing and be just as happy every time! Wouldn't go at lunch time though, it's out of control busy!! Great selection of alcohol as well. TWO THUMBS UP!
4	Just got in from CPC, and had a great time!Our server was great, and she got us started right away with drinks. This time around, I got the cajun chicken, J. got the chicken asiago, and S. got the chicken alfredo. I was super pleased with my pasty (past-ee), the chipotle added a great kick, oh and I got a side of garlic mashed potatoes that are bomb. *insert $3 irish car bombs*after chatting it up a bit, J decided he wanted dessert and after asking the server which was her favorite, we got the Shirley's Favorite, which is some sort of cake baked in a cast iron pot, served with ice cream, with was muy delish. All in all, it was a good time had at CPC.
5	My absolute favorite spot in Tempe! Such a surprising treat from such a hole-in-the-wall type spot. The beer selection is quite nice and their pasty's (pronounced Pass-Tee) are perfectly prepared. I've had everything on the menu, but keep finding myself ordering the Pilgrim over and over again. Definitely finish it off with the banoffee pie for the overall experience.  They also have a vegetarian version of nearly all their pasty's which is quite nice.
4	This place was great. Its different. Great menu. Pretty good service considering the place was small and packed full of people.  Sitting at the bar the cook answered all our questions as the made our food. Food was great and the desert was even better.
5	The best word I can think of to describe this place is charming. My boyfriend introduced me to this place and at first I was thinking of a fancy hot pocket (not something im particularly a fan of). As I walked in I was pleasantly surprised by the atmosphere from the dim lights to the dingy checkerboard floor tiles, it reminded me of one of those hidden treasures I used to find burrowed around NYC. I ordered a hibiscus tea which if you are like me and enjoy unsweetened tea you will absolutely adore it. I poked through the menu and nothing really caught my eye until I came across the lamb vindaloo and I had made my decision. The food took a while to get there but considering the very chill setting and laid back personality surrounding this place it shouldn't bother you at all. It tasted great the only improvement they could have made was maybe putting a little rice in the pasty as well but to each his own. What really made this pasty delish was the cream sauce that accompanied it. I brought the heat down while complimenting the flavor. When all was said and done I was stuffed and had leftovers. We also go the garlic mashed potatoes which are equally as amazing but I would advise against getting them for take-out because they only taste good fresh. Me and my boyfriend love this place so much that we started a project where we get Cornish pasty once a week. He is starting at the top of the menu and im starting at the bottom and working our way down and up and trying every single pasty on the menu. Oh yes....its happening.
5	Great place. Fast service and interesting atmosphere. Wonderful food- the pesto chicken was amazing. Not as hard to find as I thought it'd be. You've gotta go.
2	My main problem with the Cornish Pasty Company is inconsistency.  I've had pasties that were simply divine, and I kept going back.  Once I started getting ones that were a little icky, I just assumed they were having an off day.  I stopped going after my boyfriend and I got sick.  I really want to like this place, and I do like some things about it.  The crust on the pasties is always fab, but the fillings are hit or miss.  I always got either the Oggie or the Pilgrim, and the Oggie was more consitently good.  Once I tried the Pilgrim, it became my instant favorite since is had turkey and stuffing inside, and came with cranberry sauce for dipping.  But like I said, their lack of consistency, as well as the fact that I got sick last time I went, has made me not want to give them any more chances.
3	Delicious, affordable, huge menu with tons of vegetarian choices. I recomend the Chipotle sauce and the garlic potatos with Cheese.
5	Kristen and I are practically regulars here. I remember the first time we went after hearing about it here on Yelp, we ended up leaving with the 'ole "where have you been my whole life" feeling. This place is awesome.     The Cornish Pasty is located on the side of a very random and small strip mall, if you didn't know you were looking for it you would probably not even notice it. It is small on the inside, a narrow straight corridor with, I believe, nine table, most of them two seaters, and while it has no big budget decorations, it is completely inviting and welcoming. It just feels right inside, a combination of old mining photos and 1940's country, a bare floor and a huge bar with completely open kitchen area to chat with the cooks while imbibing. We have consistently had great service when eating here, the waiters and waitresses are always very friendly and talkative, it's a fun place to be. The food is top notch and super cheap, you can leave totally full and pay less than ten bucks, incredible. We have probably been here a couple dozen times and I have tried a large majority of the menu and have not found a pasty I didn't enjoy yet. Kristen's favorites are the Italian, which is pepperoni, salami, ham, mozzarella, basil and tomatoes with a marinara dipping sauce and the Pilgrim, which is turkey, sweet potatoes, grilled onions, stuffing and a red wine gravy, and I can attest, they are both delicious. My favorites are the Mexican, which is spiced steak strips, potatoes, eggs, hatch chilies and cheddar with a side of sour cream and the Shepard's Pie, which is lamb, peas, carrots, grilled onions, mashed potatoes and cheddar with a side of gravy, these are both like heaven in your mouth. And if you enjoy the occasional beer, Rogue Hazelnut Brown Nectar is my favorite and they have it on tap, they actually have a pretty good selection of brews.     If you have not tried the Cornish Pasty Company yet, you are doing yourself a great disservice, you can stop by today and get a cold beer a warm pasty and a full stomach for well under twenty bucks. You having nothing to lose.
4	I just went there for dinner this evening. I've never had a pasty before, but this place has been recommended to me many times. I have to say, it did not disappoint. I got the Oggie and my buddy got the Italian. I never tasted rutabagas before, but i felt they worked very well inside the pasty. It was quite delicious, but i have to say, when i return i shall probably try something else. My buddy said the Italian was great. It was essentially a calzone, but he swears it was better than any calzone he had ever gotten at a pizza place.
5	Wow! Lamb Vindaloo pasty!! Shh... Don't tell some of the Indian restaurants in Tempe, but this was the best vindaloo I've had so far in the area. It's that good! Top that off with the mint sauce they served with it and you have one hell of a meal. I also got to try the carne adovada pasty, and it was amazing as well. Imagine the contents of an amazing burrito inside a flaky pastry crust, and there ya go! Needless to say that I will be back here. I really can't believe it took me years to go here, but I'm glad I at least got around to it.
5	Not sure where to begin with this place, but I'm soon moving from Tempe and I'll be missing this place as much as anywhere else. Every Pasty I've had is delicious, and I am particular to the Cajun Chicken. My wife always gets the Veggie Cottage Pie, and swears by it.The atmosphere is fantastic for a casual dinner and drinks with wife, sig other, or friends. Has a decent import selection for drinks (not large, but well ranged). The wait staff is always friendly. My first return trip to Tempe will lend itself to a trip or two here. One of the few unique and home grown places in Tempe that are worth a visit.
4	I love both locations. It is a rare menu that has so many things I would actually eat without subtractions. I have only been 4 times (and tried something different each time) but I want to keep coming back. I am working my way through a long list of pasties that I want to try. Keep in mind, I dont drink alcohol so I am not eating this stuff just to accompany a Guinness or Strong Bow. I really like it. All of it.My only complaint is that the Tempe location does not allow for groups larger than 2. OK, they have a couple of tables for 6 but thats really it. If you dont get there before the dinner rush, you dont get to sit with your group.
4	Ok so there are plenty of great reviews of this place already but I'm going to throw mine into the mix as well. The food here is fantastic, but if you've ever walked in there around lunch time you could probably figure that out from the crowd. Everytime I come in I try a new one and I'm always happy with it, I've yet to come across a pasty I didn't like here.When it comes out you might not think it's that much - but portions are deceiving because the food's pretty heavy. My main tip to you is only eat half and then pause to let it sink in - take a break to drink your beer or something. I always force myself to save the second half and it makes me much less sleepy when I head back to work after lunch :) Plus it makes great leftovers.
5	The food here is amazing. The atmosphere is nice too, when you sit at the counter you can watch them cook. Its the best place to go in the winter too. Nice cold beer and a hot pasty. *drool*
5	I had the meat and cheese pasty with the red wine gravy..all I can say is that my mouth was soooo happy the entire time I was eating it! I did not eat in the restaurant, my husband ate there and brought me home the pasty. You have to put it in the oven for about 15-25 minutes, and the crust continues to cook though and becomes buttery, flakey, and delicious. The red wine gravy was very flavorful and added extra goodness to the sausage and cheese that was inside. I can not wait to try some other fillings on my next visit.Also, the husband said that even though they were packed at lunch, they still received excellent service in the restaurant. They bake each pasty when ordered, so it does a little while to get your order...at least 25-35 minutes.
5	Simply great.  Excellent array of beers on tap and in the bottle.  Decent wine list.  Food was fantastic.  Was with a group so I had the luxury of sampling a number of entrees.  The carne adovada was phenomenal.  Whatever dish you think you want, get it the second time you go and have the carne adovado first!
5	Loved this place!The food was Amazing and Simple. I ordered the Porky which has pork, onions, apples, potatoes, sage and a side of red wine gravy and fell in love with this dish. This dish was perfectly blanaced with just the right amount of sweet and saltiness and the crust was perfect.They have a pretty good drink selection here and the service is great. I would recommend this place to anyone.
5	Whoever said that British food was gross and bland has never tried this place. The owner Dean is an amazing person with a passion for his food and it shows in everything that is served. The best Guinness in Arizona to go with a filling Oggie, the traditional pasty. I found this gem while at ASU and make a stop there every time I'm in the valley.
4	3.5 starsRemember when Hot Pockets were the best invention EVER? Well now there's a restaurant that is totally dedicated to a fancy hot pocket filled with tasty treats! Yup, Cornish Pasty Co!After promising myself that I would try this place for way too long, I decided to go with a co-worker for my first visit. For my first trip to CPC, I chose the Tikka Masala pasty. It was pretty good! I guess I was hoping for a serving of spicy, somewhat creamy, and savory tikka masala served in a hot pocket. What I got was a good hot pocket full of chicken and some sauce. Not nearly has juicy and spicy as I had imagined it would be, but still good. I chose the peanut butter and jelly pasty for a dessert to take home with me. When I got home and baked it, I took a bite and it was peanut butter and apple jelly? I was confused. It was ok.On my second trip to CPC, I had the cheeseburger pasty. That was pretty darn good! The meat was juicy and a little grease was dripping out of the pocket, which meant that it was nice and juicy! Whenever I am tempted by a hot pocket, I make sure that I head to CPC for a well made, tasty, more sophisticated version!
5	Not only has everything I've had (in excess of a dozen dishes) been great, but the face-to-face bar atmosphere has made many of the employees friends on a first-name basis. In fact, I'm embarrassed to admit that they remember my name more often than I remember theirs! More than this antisocial nerd can say for most restaurants. Seriously this place is great, and open til midnight. The only way you'll possibly be disappointed is if you hate pasties, soups, and salads, or if you hit them at the peak of rush hour. Why haven't you tried it yet? GET GOING! They're probably still open!
4	Good food, great service!
5	I was getting my race on at f1 race factory and decided to kick start my yelp search engine to find a nearby restaurant . So I  decided to eat here because of the high praise from the yelp community and it reminded me of the line in tropic thunder when he says pasty tea bag. By the way I recommend the movie as highly as I do this eatery. It was a chill laid back bar atmosphere. I've only had it the one time, but that was enough for me to be confident in saying 100% of the time its good everytime.
5	Wow, never have I though that pub food could be this delicious. Cornish Pasty Co. is by definition a hole in the wall well worth driving too from any where in the valley if you are seeking simple, affordable and downright deliciously satisfying food.The menu is impressively varied, from typical, premium to signature pasties. I went with the lamb vindaloo and its spiciness left me goofy with delight.There is no host/hostess at the entrance, so you can either seat yourself at the bar, and you can even hang your purse from underneath the counter!The service is warm, friendly and efficient. Dinner for two without drinks was a bargain at $ 25.
5	After viewing Yelp for many years I finally decided to start an account of my own and enter the wonderful world of review writing. What better restaurant to start with then my absolute fav, The Cornish Pasty. I live in San Diego and every time I come to Tempe it's always an absolute stop! Their menu is large and diverse and can please anyone! My favorite part is the vegetarian options that are amazing, even if you are not vegetarian. I have gone probably 5-10 times and every time try something new and love it. I have looked for places that sell Cornish Pasties in other locations over the U.S. although have not been successful. I wish I could wrap this place up, put it in my pocket, and take it with me on all my travels! P.S- the PBJ dessert is AMAZING!
5	Everything on the menu is good - great drink prices!
4	I am writing this with both respect and frustration for this restaurant. Having spent time in the UK, I was familiar with the famous "meal in a pastry" that originates from the mining town of Cornwall. Few restaurants compare when it comes to simplicity and variety. I have become addicted to the cajun with it's spicy chicken, ham, and cheesy goodness. My girlfriend always seems to order the veggie tikka masala. I have tried much of the menu, and as long as you stay with the pasties, you are fine. The potato dishes are sort of hit and miss. The cheesy one is sort of bland  and the curried potato lacks the crunchiness that would otherwise put it on a great tapas menu. Finally, I would add that the beer selection is quite good and offers several sizes of great draft beers from the British Isles.So yeah, food is great, and for dine in the prices are decent. My big frustration, and the reason I am writing this has to do with my experience tonight. I have taken to ordering pasties to go because the wait staff is often slow or inattentive. This is normally fine because I can stay at home and watch a movie while I eat. Indeed, I have been trying to save money by ordering half-baked pasties, and in the past they have knocked a dollar off of each of the pasties I've ordered regardless of type. Tonight I ordered two half-baked pasties to take home and the woman operating the cash register refused to give me the usual dollar off. Very, very annoying and this is the sort of inconsistency in the staff that keeps me from awarding five stars. Food=great, service=less than stellar.
4	Dating back hundreds of years, the Cornish pasty comes from humble beginnings. The half moon shaped baked pastry filled with meat and vegetables was designed as a lunch for soot-covered Cornish tin miners. To eat it, miners would hold the pasty at the crimped edge, and then discard that part after eating the rest of the pasty. This way the miners didn't eat the dirt they were covered in, missing out on ingesting stuff like arsenic that was common in the mines. While most tin mining is gone, we're fortunate to have the Cornish Pasty Co., which specializes in pasties.With restaurants in Tempe and Mesa, each location has its own spirit. While both are laid back, the Tempe location has a more subdued feel with dim lighting and no windows. Mesa has a brighter interior with indie rock blaring over the sound system.If you enjoy watching kitchen action, belly up to the bar at either locale for a first-hand look into the hard work that goes into making their delicious pasties.As soon as I entered the Tempe location, the warm smell of wine gravy and fresh baked crust covered me like a blanket of mouth-watering comfort. The feeling was like going home for the holidays. I know it's a million degrees outside, but the feeling transcends the summer heat.The first pasty I tried, The Pilgrim ($8), exemplified everything that tastes good at Thanksgiving, luscious turkey breast, sweet potatoes, stuffing and grilled onions all wrapped in a tender crust, then served with a side of cranberry sauce. After one bite, I felt like I needed to pay thanks to someone.The Porky ($7) is filled with all that is good: pork, apples, potatoes, onions and sage and served with a side of red wine gravy. The problem with the gravy is that it's so tasty I'm not sure whether to dunk my pasty into it or drink it.Never able to resist a good burger, I decided to take a chance with the Royale with Cheese ($7.50). Ordered medium, this pasty was brimming with a juicy hamburger, French fries and cheese and served with a side of Thousand Island dressing. As the meat juices ran down my face, I couldn't help but think of the scene in Pulp Fiction where John Travolta explains to Samuel Jackson what the name of a Quarter Pounder with Cheese is in Amsterdam.The Peanut Butter and Jelly ($5) was served piping hot. One bite of this was not going to be enough. Filled with creamy peanut butter, raspberry preserves and sliced banana, the sweet goodness oozed out after the first cut was made. The plate was expertly cleaned in mere moments.Cornish Pasty Co. has a small, but great, beer selection, including one of my favorites, Kronenbourg 1664. Plus visit during their daily happy hour from 3-5pm and you'll enjoy a buck off of every pint.
3	I like this place because of how original it is and the menu has something for everyone.Unfortunately it is tucked away in a hard to spot location and therefore continues to be a great secret.I would recommend to anyone in Arizona to make a trip over and see what this place is all about. I think everyone will be happy with it.
3	"Pasties were originally filled with strawberry jam, eaten by miners in the UK.Not very authentic  but I see these ppl got creative" -- my Brit buddy from London.From my POV:Pretty chillaxed place.The food is incredibly greasy if you're into that stuff.It was pretty different for my taste. (Then again, I'm a VERY picky eater)I had the mashers and bangers (mashed potato and pork stuffed into a greasy shell like that on a chicken pot pie except richer in fat).It was so and so. Kind of bland.Second time around, I had the Italian style one with Salami and other yummy stuff in it.It was much better than the bland mashers and bangers.I'm 5 ft 1 and 90 lbs, I couldn't finish one full pasty.
4	"The Pilgrim" represented everything Thanksgiving--Turkey, sweet potatoes, stuffing, and onions--all in a crust. It was served with a side of cranberry sauce and red wine gravy. I loved it. If you're near ASU, go try it. The place is  small, but you should be fine sitting at the bar.
5	It never fails: I'm never disappointed. You can't go wrong here. Great atmosphere, good people, awesome food! If you've never had a pasty then I feel for you!I absolutely love the Lovely Bit a Salmon, but other great ones are the Lamb Vindaloo, Chicken Tikka Masala, Rosemary Chicken, Pilgrim and the awesome Chicken Greek. Many of their pasties are available vegetarian style too.
4	Pasties are awesome.  They are freshly baked pockets filled with yummy goodness.  This is not 5-star dining, but it is good comfort food.  I have tried the lamb and mint, bangers and mash, and pesto chicken.  All are tasty, but I really recommend the bangers and mash.  The sausage and mash potatoes went really well together.  Really, you can never go wrong with mash potatoes.  The sitting area is very small, but the bar can be an interesting option since you get to see the cooks at work.  I usually go for lunch, so I cannot speak to their beer selection.  That would certainly go well with a pasty though...  Keep your eyes peeled when going there for the first time.  It is easy to miss!  I usually pull into the parking lot from Hardy Dr off University.  The restaurant is facing Hardy.
5	The peppered steak pasty is amazing and the peppercorn brandy sauce is so addictive. Also the carne adovada pasty is great.They have too many pasties to choose from which is just another reason to keep coming back. For dessert, get the banoffee pie but save room because it is huge ( big enough for two people or more). Also, if you like beer they have a lot of it and you can get steins if quantity is your thing.
4	Go here for the food and to have one or two drinks. This is definitely a place to start a long night in Tempe or a place to order take out from when you are just watching a movie on the couch all night.Their European beer selection is pretty decent for a place that just one fridge holding it's entire beer selection (Yes, they have Boddingtons). The Pasty's are great! I typically order the Bangers & Mash one, while my girlfriend orders Chicken Pot Pie with extra gravy, which she swears by. I've read good reviews about their desserts, but I've always been too full. Definitely a great place!
5	I wish this was closer to where I live.  I'd be there all the time.  I love that it's small and everything I've ordered has been great.  I love that it has it's own sensibility and it's not fancy it's just solid good food.  Maybe it's better that it's not closer otherwise I'd gain 50lbs QUICK. They have a decent beer selection. Finally a place that doesn't have patrons who are more concerned with what labels they're wearing who don't get that IKEA decorated restaurants are not COOL.
5	This place is absolutely awesome.  Everything you read in the other reviews is true.  Pastys are hot pockets of pastry filled with love.  I had the peppered steak pasty with the peppercorn brandy sauce and it was amazing.  My server Justin was awesome, very friendly and understanding that this was my first visit.  The location in Tempe is small but full of character.  Sit at the bar and watch the food being made.  Even the cooks were friendly and willing to talk about what they were doing.Absolutely have an Irish Car bomb (Guinness with a shot of Jameson whiskey and Bailey's Irish Cream).  They are only $3 a day, every day!!!The place is a bit hard to find but it's totally worth the work.  Your efforts will be rewarded.
5	ya know this place is so good, and so unassuming it's a great find.  the food is awesome.  i really enjoy the curry potatoes ....  i've had the mushy peas.  both excellent.  and as far as the pasties i am trying to get thru the entire menu.  and i have not really been disappointed yet.  some i like more than others but that's not changing my review in the slightest.  i've been to both locations and they are very different in scope and appearance but the food is the true star!  the vindaloo is spicy and delicious.  i've had the royale w/ cheese and it's awesome tho it might give you the meat sweats !  chicken pot pie....  bangers and mash...  all really good and such a low key cozy spot.  i'm craving one now...
4	Why isn't there a place like this where I live?  I am seriously going to be looking for excuses to come to Tempe so I can eat here again.Decent beer list, and pub food with a large vegetarian section... very rare!  I had the portabello pasty and it was fabulous.  Can't wait to come back and try something else!
4	This place is soooo good! The food is finally something different from the normal bar fare you find at most places in this area.  If you've never had a pasty...stop reading this, get in your car, and drive to Cornish Pasty Co.  They have a gigantic menu with everything from veggie pasties, to indian and mexican pasties, and everything in between.  So far I've tried The Rosemary Chicken, The Pepper Steak, The Pesto Chicken, and The Mexican, I'd say The Rosemary Chicken was my favorite, but it really depends on what kind of mood you're in, there's really no way you can go wrong with any order...hey anything with that much butter in the crust could never be bad!!! ;)The only thing I would change about this place is the happy hour.  A dollar off drinks doesn't really blow my skirt up.  Maybe some food specials???  Well, at least Irish Car Bombs are only 3 dollars all the time...but I don't always feel like forgetting the entire night...hmmm, guess I'll just pay full price for my experience...it's worth it!
4	amazing (!) pasties outside of Michigan/U.P. - pleasantly surprised to discover Cornish Pasty Co. was worth the hype. Bangers/Mash & Lamb/Mint pasties were both delish.would come here almost just for the fantastic beer list - local brews (Kilt Lifter, Oak Creek Nut Brown Ale), pale ales, stouts. Guinness already a steal at $4 normally, $3 during very happy hr. everyday 5-7.restaurant is a cozy fit (not group-friendly) being long/narrow, with the bar running 2/3-length of the restaurant.experienced oddly slow service, but servers were friendly.
4	when I came it  was  hard to tell if it was open or not. the store front is a bit out of the way. it is alot smaller then I thought it would be. its about two tables wide (with the bar in that size). so about 5-6 tables in all and very loud in there I did not see any tv(was not really looking but the music was blasting.  I found this place by looking up vegetarian restaurant for my girl friend. they have a look of good picks for vegetarians.I had the Lamb/Mint pasties. I like lamb but it can be hard to cook at times. this has to be some of the best cook lamb I have had and the pasties are light and buttery. also got the side of "chips" (fry's for us in the usa) they where ok but I would not order them again. still may try the curry potato but I really like curry. they also part cooked some pasties to go so I could bring it home to some one else (seems like they would do that for anything on the menu. says to cook it at 425 for 15-20 mins.I know I will be back here in two week or so to try something else for sure.
3	It was pretty busy in there.  we were able to find somewhere to sit right away but it took them awhile to get to clear the dirty table and ask us for our drinks.  I ordered the lamb vindaloo.  I was told that it was the spiciest pasty they had but had not hint of spicy in it whatsoever.  I was looking forward to a very spicy meal.  My husband ordered the cajun chicken which actually tasted spicy.  Next time i'm going to have to ask more question.  The Arnold Palmer's don't taste like lemonade at all.
4	In my single days, this was my default first-date restaurant: laid-back and casual, cheap, and fast enough that a potentially disastrous first date wouldn't drag on for more than an hour. My fiancee (who, oddly enough, I did not bring here on our first date) and I still come here occasionally. I discovered it back in 2005, shortly after it opened, when a friend told me about it; it's gotten pretty well known now, but with its location, it's not the kind of place you'd just stumble upon.I've tried many different pasties, and I keep coming back to the Oggie (the "Original Pasty") with the red wine gravy. Paired with a Hoegarden, it's the best meal for the money in Tempe.
4	I'm happy to say that a few weeks ago I ventured back down to Tempe for some pasties and was pleasantly surprised at the level of service I received. It was like night and day from the first time. The server was so sweet, so attentive and she really couldn't have been any better! I got the chicken tikka masala pasty and it was delicious, but a little too spicy for my taste buds. My bf and I each got a shepherd's pie to go and had them for lunch the next day. They give them to you partially baked, recommending you cook them the rest of the way right before eating. As we both ate them at work we cooked them that night and just re-heated them in the microwave the next day. Even reheated in a microwave they were so good! Special props go out to the amazing server that bumped my rating up to 4 stars. :)
5	Get the soup! It is to die for. All the waiters are great and the food is VERY tasty!
5	Love,love,love! thats all I can say about the Cornish Pasty Company, My brother took me here  a while back and Ive been having cravings ever since,My favorite is the Mexican..its spicy and delicious,kind of tastes like an enchilada.....the best enchilada in the WORLD! but seriously if you havent tried this place out you need to go....like now! if I didnt live so far away I would be there right now gobbling down my mexican!
5	this place was awesome! me and a friend were first timers, but i have heard many good things. we arrived around 12:30p right around lunch rush. it was pretty packed but we waited probably not more then 2 minutes for a table. our waitress was super nice, and the food came out pretty fast too.i had the royale with cheese, and my friend had the shepards pie. both awesome. cant wait to go back to try some new stuff. good beer selection, and pretty well priced for everything. on top of all that the great staff/service all and all a great experience. glad i finally got to try it.
4	This place is great.  The food is just excellent! Very small place, feels like it should be in new york city or something...  Every pasty i've eaten here (probably 5 varieties) have been EXCELLENT.
5	Bloody awesome. Seriously.Ok, my significant other and I walked in around 8 pm on a Friday night. I think if we came a little earlier we'd probably have to wait for seating. We thought the place would be larger, its a little small, but that's ok. It felt like we were in a British pub, and I've been dying to go to London. No, but seriously, the atmosphere is really cool and very original. Service as well as the staff here are very friendly and really cool.I don't drink, but the prospect of getting to choose from tons of locally brewed and imported beer is appealing. We ended up ordering a cheese steak pasty and a chicken tikka masala pasty. I was extremely skeptical and thought I was going to be in for a big disappointment. What business did this British pub even have THINKING about chicken tikka masala? To my surprise, I think I just tasted the BEST CHICKEN TIKKA MASALA IN PHOENIX. Hold up, Cornish Pasty Company, a BRITISH type PUB HAS THE BEST CHICKEN TIKKA MASALA in PHOENIX. I know, you must think I'm nuts, but I'm Indian and I thoroughly enjoyed this amazing interpretation of a stereotypical Indian dish. The tikka masala overshadowed the cheesesteak which I thought was rather bland. I think the issue here was that the chicken tikka was so overwhelmingly awesome. I can't wait to go back and have the tikka masala again and perhaps try something else.Everything here is super fresh, you can see them making the pasties and dough and everything. The pasties have a perfect texture and are golden brown on the outside. If you're unsure of what a pasty is, it is basically a chicken bake or calzone, but with different fillings. Really awesome.It'd be awesome if the owner of this place decided to get a few TVs, then it'd be even more pub like. Also,  it'd be super duper awesome if he decided to pick up some English Premier League games on the weekends. I would most definitely come down for some breakfast pasties and watch a few games.
4	Menu has tons of different choices, and every single one looks good! Good beer specials, and interesting servers... fun atmosphere too
5	I've been to this location and the mesa location over a dozen times. The first time I had "a lovely bit of salmon"...it was amazing. The second time I had the pepper steak, which was also amazing...but let's face it beef is easy. So every other time I've been I have "a lovely bit of salmon" because there's just no place on earth that does salmon better.I went so far as to bring adults (people over 45) with me one time. They loved it too; even though I have to admit it's a bit noisy and young-ish in the atmosphere....but not too young. ~I know all the songs playing, but many of them are older than I am.
5	Ok, so I know Phoenix isn't known for their Pastys but this place is so freakin amazing I think it could put us on the Pasty map!
4	All the positive reviews speak for themselves.  This is a great place to get your eat on and have a couple pints.  There is a pasty for everyone, really.  If you can't find one that suits you, then you need to become anorexic, let your hair fall out and start eating through a feeding tube.Sorry to all the anorexics out there, but seriously, the selection at this place might cure your illness, all I'm saying is you could try.
5	It has been a LONG TIME since I have been to this place, but I would love to put my 10 cents in.  First off, before eating here I didn't even know meat pies existed.  It was like an awesome burrito but with a flaky crust and WAY more choices.  When I lived in Tempe I was a terribly picky eater and every single time I came in I got the same thing, the meatball pasty.  It was awesome, everytime.  Everything on the menu looks delicious and it looks like the flavors blend together very well.  They are premade before you get there, so you cant really have them take ingredients out, although I am sure if you let them know ahead of time it can be arranged.So there are 2 things I would like to talk about here.  First, the atmosphere.  Walking in you have a tiny restaurant that has a bar on one side and some small tables against the wall.  All the waiters are tatted up and lend an air of ruggedness to the joint.  As you sit at the bar, they are right in front of you rolling up the pasties and behind them are the stoves that they bake your pies in after you order them.  So basically you are sitting at a bar, drinking a cold beer and you can feel the heat from the ovens.  In some places this would be annoying, but again I feel like it lends greatness to the atmosphere.  The music is usually some good British rock and once again, yes, lends to the atmosphere.  So I enjoy feeling like I am in some tiny pub in Cornwall.Second, THE DESSERT!  I will start with the Strawberry Pavlova which I could have done without.  The meringue shell is light and unless that is your cup of tea, keep on reading.  The PB&J pasty I only had one time and it was good, but second rate for me compared to the next two items.  Next up is the caramel apple pasty.  Delish!  Apple and caramel baked into the pie shell and topped with ice cream.  However nothing in this world can touch the BANOFFEE Pie!  Dig this real quick, a thick graham cracker pie crust.  Top that with caramel.  Top that with whipped cream and top that with bananas.  Oh, and if you are crazy ask them for strawberries too...and ice cream.  Now eat that and tell me you've had a better dessert.  I sure as hell havent!
5	Fabulous!!!!!
2	Beef is hard and chewy, and the dough is meh. Having had Cornish Pasties in UK, this doesn't even compare. I think they should make their menu with fewer, better choices.
4	Went to this place based upon good reviews my wife read on Yelp.Didn't know what to expect so I was not leaning one way or another.Kinda thought I was heading towards the Pot Pie, but the waitress suggested the Cajun Chicken.It was wonderful. The pastry was perfect and the mixed of flavors was really nice.Nice selection of beers.Pretty small and not the easiest place in the world to find., especially when the lights were not on outside when we came.(They were on when we left so I am sure it is just some timer issue.)I would head back to this place anytime to try some other dishes.Support them, they are local and small business!
2	Extremely slow service on a Saturday afternoon. There was 10 people here yet it took them 40 minutes to prepare one chicken tikka masala pasty. The curry was hot but the potatoes and chicken were cold. I'm not sure how they managed this.If you have a craving for pasties, go to the Mesa location and save yourself some grief.
5	1st time in Mesa location had the "Lovely Bit Salmon" and it was fantastic. Last time in the Tempe location had the "Vindaloo Lamb" and it was a totally different taste but same result ... amazing!Love the story behind the main/only course the Pasty! Perfect restaurant to try every item on the menu. Also their soup/bread/butter appetizers are delicious.
5	Fantastic food!  Try the PB&J Dessert Pasty.  Amazing.  Wonderful, happy staff.  Clean and efficient operation.  The Peppered Steak pasty is my favorite.
4	One of the original gastro-pubs in Arizona.  Great beer, and even better food.  Can't say I'm a fan of the dessert pastys but the everything else is amazing.  You can get traditional ones such as shepard's pie, oggies etc. or you can tikka masala which is amazing.  The place is small and you have to be okay with having heavily tattooed/pierced servers wait on you.  The place is small, but comfortable.  I'd be happier if the music was more English but other than that I have no complaints!  Plus the pictures of coal miners are a bit depressing.   Due to seating constraints, I wouldn't recommend large groups, I'd say mostly two or three at the most.
5	As a Michigan native, I've had plenty of pasties, but this place takes the pasty to a whole new level.  The dough is perfectly crisp and flakey, and there is a pasty to satisfy any taste.  A whole page of awesome vegetarian options too.  But don't stop with the pasty.  Their side dishes and soups are also delishious, and they have an excellent beer selection.  From the outside, you would not expect this place to be so unique.  They're tucked off University in a strip mall, and half the time they forget to turn their sign on.  Don't let that fool you, they hold pretty late hours.  And, they're always busy so if there's more than two of you, be prepared to wait for a table.  The atmosphere is very casual and unpretentious.  The waitstaff is very friendly, and I think there's a mustache requirement for the guys.  From a seat at the counter, you can watch the kitchen prepare your meal.  It's pretty impressive how they operate in such tight quarters without burning or stabbing eachother.  Bottom line, this place rocks.
4	i like this place. It's informal, inexpensive and it's kind of fun.  You have to applaud how efficiently it's run and where else can you eat a pasty? Some are great and some aren't but it's a good place to stop for lunch.  $10 and you're golden.
5	My favorite pasty has been, and always will be, the vegetarian chicken tikka masala. This is not to say that I don't enjoy the other pasties - because I do, very much. But I'll always love the Tikka. The filling tastes like it was made by a short and plump Indian woman, not the tattooed hipsters behind the bar. (I'm okay with that.)The beer selection is great - including the brews on tap. Plus, $3 car bombs, always. $9-15 bucks later you're feeling like a champion, depending on your alcohol tolerance. If you show up with more than two people, plan on waiting a little for a table, or just sit at the bar. But you will enjoy yourself!
5	Amazing food. One of my favorites in Tempe. So many options to choose from. I recently tried The Pilgrim. It's Thanksgiving dinner wrapped in warm pastry bread. Delicious!
5	This is my favorite restaurant in tempe! MUST TRIES!!- Italian Cornish Pasty (new:) )- chocolate bread buddingThis is literally one of the best restaurants i have ever been to and it is so cute and small and the staff is sooooo friendly. Please try this place, i guarantee you will love it!!
5	A few of us from work went here for lunch one day. What a treat! Cornish Pasty is a small little place, but the food is just the opposite. Each of our dishes was more than we could eat in one sitting. I had the Cajun Chicken Pasty and it was perfect! Not too spicy, full of bacon and the side of chipotle was amazing! Totally worth more than the $8 for size and deliciousness!The staff was super friendly and once we sat down, they were right there to take our order. The wait time was pretty short. However, we got there at around 11:30am, and by noon there were no more seats available. Obviously the rest of Tempe knows just how great this place is. So if you want a seat, be sure to get there early or be prepared to wait. If you do wait though, it's totally worth it.
3	So, the first thing I have to say is that the food here is amazing. If you care about nothing else except the taste of your food--go here.If you care about things like: customer service and appropriate wait times (at the University location, not the other one), I would suggest not vising this restaurant.I've had many experiences with Cornish Pasty. My friends love it, and when it comes to the food, I love it too. (Especially the pork pasty.)I've only had one good one though--and that was when I sat directly at the bar and told the woman standing there what I wanted. The a few of the other times happened something like this:1. Went in alone, waited fifteen minutes for anyone to come over and even wipe down my table, let alone ask for a drink or dinner order.2. Went there with 4 other friends, waited 2 hours for a table, and the gentleman acting the 'host' was especially rude when we would ask him about how long he thought it would be (roughly ever 30 minutes) and he always said "Looks like 15 more minutes." Then when we were finally seated our drinks came back half empty and my pasty was cold in the center.The truth is, is that while the food is great the company needs to retrain it's workers. Customer service should be at the top of their list, and from what I can tell it's at the bottom.
5	I don't get to the U.K. often enough, so this place is a bit o' for me: just enough $$ spent on keeping the inspector from shutting the place down, the rest of the hard-earned margin goes into the owners' pockets. I have no idea what this long sliver of a place used to be, but it's become heaven for publovers since - a bar that stretches all the way east to Apache Junction with barstools stretching all the way back to the Flintstones, and teensy little 2fer tablet-tables squeezed into the longwall across. Seemingly dozens of line cooks doubling as servers, seemingly dozens of taps serving wonderful fermented grains, and the meat, fish and veggie pies - my island ancestors never had it so good!
5	I can't say I've ever had British food before but if pasties are a good representation of British food, I'm a huge fan!My boyfriend and I came here day after our half marathon run right.  We were looking for something tasty and different to try in Arizona before we headed back to San Fran.  Based on the reviews, we picked this place and didn't regret it one bit.I had the Chicken Tikka Masala which was perfectly cooked.  Don't know how they do it but everything was perfectly seasoned, the chicken was very tender, and the potatoes perfectly cooked.  Great meal in a pocket, my favorite kind of easy to eat fair. My boyfriend was disappointed that they ran out of the peppered steak.  His frown was turned upside down soon enough after he had first few bites of his back-up order, Rosemary steak.  I had a bite and it was definitely was really well seasoned, beef was tender, and the flavor combination was great!Thank goodness I planned ahead for dessert.  I only finished half of mine so I could have room for their chocolate bread and butter pudding which did not disappoint.  We had it with creme anglaise and it was a delicious decadent chocolate goodness.  Be warned, the chocolate brandy is very strong in this one.On the service side, it wasn't a busy day and our waiter was super nice, attentive, and the food came at a reasonable time for it to be freshly made to order. Overall a great experience, and I'll definitely come back to try a few other pasties.
5	I've eaten here twice, and both times enjoyed myself immensely.  First, note that this is the smaller location; the one in Mesa has more tables and space. This one is closer to me, so this is the one I go to, but if you are looking to have a large group, you may wish to go to the Mesa location.   That said, I really like this one. The mood is very raw, because of the small size, even at a table you can see the cooks behind the bar, hear the clatter and clang of the kitchen. That said, you can still have conversations here without issue; you just have a bit of background noise.   The food, though...the food is spectacular. Seriously, look at that menu, look at those pictures. The first time I was there I had the chicken tikka masala pasty. Not as good chicken tikka as a straight up Indian restaurant, of course, but still phenomenal, and the pasty just made it that much better. I also snagged the bananoffee pie. It could easily provide dessert for two people; I ate the whole thing. It was just that good. Not too sweet, very banana-y...   Eat here. It's really that simple.    Also, as a tip, there's a parking lot 'round the back that is usually not full, unlike the one on the front. And, though the address is off of University Drive, the front is really facing Hardy. Threw me a bit the first time I was looking for it.
5	amazing!
5	What the... I came to this page to send the URL to someone to show them how awesome CPC is, and Yelp was waving the Write Review button at me. I haven't done this already?Weird. Maybe I just love CPC so much I thought the sheer force of my gastrointestinal passion for the place would write the review for me. Apparently not. But my love for this place abounds.I'm not a veggietarian, but I do like a good veggie dish when available. CPC has a fantastic line of veggie pasties that many carnivores like just fine. Try the classic Oggie and Bangers & Mash, or my fave the Tikka Marsala.  They have several tasty beers on tap to keep any spicy choices under control, so cut loose!
4	There is something to be said about wrapping everything one loves into one little pillow of goodness. I just don't like feeling like I'm in an elevator when I'm not at the bar. Food is very high quality and everything I've ever had is delicious.
4	The pastys (pasties) are decent, at least the ones I have tried.The Walnut Mushroom Soup is about as tasty a veggie-based soup that you will find in this town.Heavenly.It's so rich that I get it in the "cup" size, since I think the bowl size would be sensory overload.Go there just to try the soup - seriously - it's that good.
4	There are quite a few good-looking varieties of the pasty on the menu - makes for a difficult choice. When you do make a choice, you'll end up with a flavorful pastry filled with tasty ingredients.
4	I'm pretty much as carnivorous as a T-Rex but my girlfriend is a Vegetarian...a combination which sometimes makes it hard for us to find a restaurant that has something for us both.  We also like to try places that are 'different' as well.  That's why when we randomly wandered in to Cornish Pastry Company we were definitely happy and surprised.  First off, the place has an hole-in-the-wall feel to it, definitely a cool Blue Collar working Pub atmosphere that seemed unique and not kitschy.  The menu has so many delicious options too...plenty of meat filled pockets for me and Veggie options for her and each meal is definitely filling.  I had never had a Cornish Pastry before and the little bit of British history on the menu added to the experience.  The Pastries are pretty much like giant Hot Pockets...but giant hot pockets like your grandma would make if she made giant hot pockets..IE: delicious, filling, natural, and did I say delicious? stuffed with all kinds of meat, veggies, mashed potatoes, spices, etc.  Definitely try it!
4	Great little place. There is not much seating AT ALL but it somehow adds to the charm of a little British hole in the wall place. Great beers as well!I thought my fav was the Spicy Asiago Chicken but last time I got the Carne Adovada and it knocked my socks right off. The pasties are pretty big too, and for $9 to have a half leftover for tomorrow (even tasty reheated, I can attest!), that is a-ok with me! Not a lot to say other than I really like this place and am always down for a patsy. Er, pastie. Er, PASTY!
5	Before I went to this lovely hole in the wall I had never even heard of a pasty -- I actually read about this place on yelp and wanted to give it a try!  They have a great British vibe with a very eclectic feel to it. Great beer selection.  I knew I was going to love this place when I saw that they had Strongbow on draft :)I usually get Cottage PIe or Bangers/Mash... you can't go wrong with either of those.  Their greek salad is amazing too... and definitely go for the garlic 'oven chips' if you go there... very tasty!  My mouth is watering just writing this review  :)
4	Was brought here by a group of coworkers, that promised good things.Good things is what I got! Never had I heard of a Pasty.. and now I'm very glad we've been introduced. They are delicious! And the variety that Cornish Pasty Company provides is incredible.I enjoyed the Rosemary Chicken (I had ordered the Salmon, however it was unavailable, sad... next time), and everything else my coworkers ordered looked and smelled delicious as well. The salads were huge, which is a plus.
3	Imagine you are a hot pocket...Now imagine you could be filled with any type of food...Throw in some great music...Some faint allusion to a microwave...Godspeed!
5	Not sure what more I can add. Perfect space with a mining vibe. Perfect 80's metal soundtrack. Perfect fresh ingredients cooked on demand. How this place ended up in Phoenix - a suburb of Phoenix even - rather than the Village or Tribeca is amazing. Don't forget the apps: curried potatoes!
5	A few weeks ago on a cool rainy day a friend and I were thinking of a place to grab lunch.  He asked me what I was in a mood for and I said "some place cozy".  With his awesome mind reading skills he figured I meant a place that had soup, hot sandwiches, and a relaxed atmosphere.  Cornish Pasty Co. was just the place!  Great food and they have something for everyone.
4	3.5 starsI love the food here, and being British I know a genuine pasty when I see one. These are the genuine article. And the place isn't pretentious at all, which is cool.However, if you're sensitive to salt for your blood pressure like I am then you might want to think twice before ordering.  I'm not sure if it's in the fillings, the gravy, or the pastry itself but the salt content in a pasty from here can be really high.  That doesn't stop me from coming back, but still...
5	This is some of the best food in Tempe.  I didn't find this place until I had lived in the area for 3 years.  I wish I knew about it sooner, because I only got about 6 months of this before I had to move.  The recipes are great and they are very vegetarian friendly.  The dessert ones are great, and the drink specials are awesome too.  Always cheap irish car bombs.
4	Finally got to try this place after hearing alot of amazing things about it! And it didn`t disappoint!! There are so many pasties to choose from, I`m gonna have to keep coming back! And they do feature other British pub food, bangers and mash, shepard`s pie, etc. Noticed their burger is called Royale w/ cheese( Pulp Fiction anyone?). But back to the pasties!        After much deliberation and asking for recommendations, I chose the Chicken Tikka Masala pasty. (I mentioned I have a love of Indian food). And it was delicious!! Flavorful, served w/ a side of yogurt dressing, I was very satisfied!  These are pretty generous in size too and they also feature vegetarian pasties as well but I`m a meat girl! Great atmosphere and great people! Looking forward to my next stop here!
5	Very good! They offer 32 ounce draft beers, $1 off during happy hour, most are around 8 bucks. The pastys are awesome. Had the cajun chicken with ham, bacon, swiss, and chipotle sauce, it was great. The pesto chicken with mozzarella, mushrooms, and artichokes, with marinara on the side was solid as well. Will return again. Small seating area, groups of 4 would be the max I would recommend without split seating.
3	Four stars, but I knocked one off because the pasties are pre-made and you can't ask for substitutions. I've been here twice. I will definitely go back, and I've recommended this spot to friends, but I was pretty bummed to find out last time that I can't ask for more of this or none of that. Seating is VERY limited. Unless you're going to be there the minute they open, I would call ahead for take-out. If you're dead set on satisfying a craving, you'll want to call ahead to make sure they're not out of whatever you want, too. We found that out the hard way. All in all, it's a tasty spot. Best for take-out.
5	There aren't many great "hole-in-the-wall's" in the Tempe area, but man, Cornish Pasty Co. definitely falls into that category.
5	imagine hot pockets on steroids the good ones that B Bonds took
5	Although I've only been here once, I do plan on returning when I find time. I found this little hot spot to be very appetizing. Its a great atmosphere, amazing food, and the service is fairly speedy... and attractive :) will write more when i return for seconds!
5	I give credit where it is deserved, so thanks, Sean M, for introducing me to this place.I love Cornish Pasty Co. The entrees are almost like hot pockets, which excites me. Normally when I come here I order the Eggplant Parmesan Pasty. It is so delicious! I could probably continuously eat them even though I am stuffed! No, Tabatha, you need to contain yourself. The service is great and friendly. I really love to come here.
4	This whole restaurant is about 10ft wide and 20ft long, and it is always packed. Now that I know better, I try to grab a seat at the bar for a little more elbow room; there are a few larger booths in the back too. My boyfriend took me here on our first "real" date, and I'll have to admit that I was pretty impressed in spite of myself. I ordered the Pesto Chicken (decent) and he got the Lovely Bit a Salmon (much better). In subsequent visits I would discover the Royale with Cheese which is my favorite pasty so far. Also, the Mexican and the Carne Adovada are fantastic menu options. Outside of the pasty realm, almost everything else on the menu is worth trying. The Greek Salad has to be my favorite of the salad choices; the dressing really makes this dish. Comprised of homemade caramel sauce, bananas, thick graham cracker crust, and whipped cream--the Banoffee Pie is to die for. And now for drinks...they offer a pretty good beer selection. And Car Bombs are always $3.00 (yes, please!). The happy hour is alright, but Wednesday Wino Day is the best drink special ($3). We can't wait to try the PB&J pasty for dessert next time we go back!
5	One of the best dining experiences we had in Phoenix. And what a surprise, without Yelp we would have never found this wonderful "hole in the wall" in a space the width of a bowling alley. I had The Italian which was Pepperoni, salami, ham, mozzarella, basil, tomatoes & marinara wrapped in a delicious pastry shell. Imagine a gourmet hot pocket. Mmmmmmmmmmmm
3	I came here a while back based on the reviews from yelp. The place is a dark bar with little seating on the side. The vibe is a cool hang out. It was very dark so I can't be sure but the place didn't seem very clean...The menu was so creative! Everything comes as a Pasty which is like a thicker skinned hot pocket!! yum! The flavors are tasty things like curry or pesto chicken overall it is good but I feel the baked shell is a little thick and the whole thing tasted quite doughy. Maybe I'll give it another try?
5	I had the lamb vindaloo - speechless...OK, OK - not entirely speechless.  I will add that if you like Indian food you'll love this and the only other thing I need say is that it is a little spicy.I'm just saying - it was amazing.
5	Always one of my favorite places to eat.  If you dont like crowded places, try their restaurant at Dobson and Guadalupe...more space same great selection.  Here's another suggestion:  Throw a Pasty Party.   They do catering as well.  We had a great party with two of each flavor of pasties.Great fun!
5	Had another great meal here...their desserts are amazing as well..all of them : )
4	Oh god. It's like GOD'S VERY OWN HOT POCKET. Fresh, delicious, and cooked perfectly, though I have trouble bringing myself to get anything but The Pilgrim (served with turkey, cubed sweet potatoes, onions, and deliciousness). Cornish Pasty is great, though you'll likely want to consider takeout: it's TINY and finding a table can be a real pain.The staff is fun and helpful, even though they're quite harried, and the oven-roasted potatoes are fantastic, as are nearly all of the pasty options, all priced damn well, to boot. If you've never been, they'll almost certainly have something you like. My only problem is that nothing is customizable: they're all served as is, which I understand from a production standpoint, but which frustrates for the number of menu items with just one dealbreaking ingredient for me.Overall, it's exceedingly easy to be a regular, and to feel VERY full, careful not to eat the crimped part of the pasty, just like the tin miners of yore so as to avoid the traces of arsenic from their dirty hands.
5	if you havent been here then i am sorry. the food is beyond description and requires that you eat it before we can talk in any detail about its yum factor. let it be said that the royale with cheese it a masterpiece.excellent choices for beer as well.service is very good and has loads of character.
5	First of all, this place has almost 400 reviews and sits at 4+ stars. Right there says: EAT HERE! This place rocks. Granted I like to eat at their other location: more room, out door seating, more romantic...etc. But every once in a while i mingle over here. Their hibiscus tea is amazing, no sugar needed. I love love their broccoli cauliflower bake as an appetizer. Fresh broccoli and cauliflower topped with a creamy cheese mixture and baked HOT. Their NEW soup...OMG...its a, shit cant remember its name, like a jalapeno red pepper corn something spicy hot soup. Its awesome! Only get a cup though, cuz you need to save room for their pasty. I actually have a take out menu in my car, i am slowly crossing off everything i try. They have a large variety, so any mixture you may enjoy, they have. Take some time with the menu. Desserts usually never have room for them...
3	Cornish pasty = upscale hot pocketI had the shepherd's pie pasty and Cole slaw. Both were fairly tasty. The Cole slaw had great crunch but was too oniony. The pasty was perfectly cooked unlike a hot pocket which is either frozen in the middle or scorching hot. The pasty had a lot of different flavors going for it and a good gravy accompanying it. Also the restaurant has a good vibe to it. All in all, the pasty was good but not good enough to come back.HOT POCKET
5	First impression....Strip mall, hole in the wall.  Door opens-I enter and notice that it has its own unique flare......and then the smell hits and I'm in love.  Once the food is delivered I realize no it's not love, I'm in heaven!!!!Both locations are awesome.  Cheers to beer list
5	What a treasure this place is. The Pasty is easy; they take amazing stuff and cook it in pastry dough. There's a big, big menu, and it's easy to pick what you will like. There's enough detail in the description that if you like the filling, you'll like the pasty. Great bar and lots nice salads and apps. Try the oven chips. Sit at the near end of the bar and watch them make these pockets. Amazing.
5	I was feeling like reliving my Irish days on St. Patty's Day but had no desire to do so with the drunken American idiots that frequent bars for artificial food coloring added to their watered down brew. Strictly speaking Cornwall is far far away from Dublin, but it was close close to where I was working on St. Patty's this year, and I knew I wouldn't likely run into green beer. Bingo. I have often done delivery of CPC 'samazing grub, but shockingly have never been inside. I was impressed. Mid day darkness isn't my usual m.o. but I was diggin it. Narrow and cozy, it truly was like going back to Ireland. It was the closest thing to a pub I have seen in AZ.I ordered my Manger's Cider at the bar overlooking the kitchen and chatted with the kitchen staff: friendly young guys who were enjoying life. I am a fan of enjoying life while you are working, and I am always sure to have a good meal when the staff is doing so. Got a chicken pot pie pasty, chips with malt vinegar. Good stick to your ribs lunch fare. Red wine gravy was two thumbs up caliber.Expensive, came to 21 bucks with tip, more than my usual lunch budget allows, but ok for a splurge. I feel I did my Irish duty and definitely think this lunch counts for more than a green tie.out.
5	I've been coming here since they opened.  It's always reminded me of the narrow downtown bars found up in Seattle, not sure why.Love the food though.  If I'm feeling cheap, I'll get the Oggie & a Mickey's.  On good days, the Lamb and Mint & a Smithwicks.The owner is a beer lover for sure, don't go here if you want cheap domestic (Bud & Miller).  Try a good English or German brew instead.
5	New type of place for me with giant, not frozen, hotpockets? I'm down. Was excellent and the service great also. Been back twice since going here a couple months ago. Is really small so plan on a wait. Or go to the Mesa one which is huge compared to the Tempe location.
4	White ale is awesome,, chicken tikka pasty is nice :)
4	On a two day business trip in Phoenix, the first meal I had was a Pasty here, The Oggie to be exact, and i just kept coming back.  For two days straight, all I ate were pasties. And though I felt as if I were in love at the beginning, the relationship seemed to spiral downhill in the end. -Oggie, the original pasty, with meat, potatoes, and gravy... was excellent, and set the stage for my obsession. -Italian was pretty decent as well, something like a more homemade type of pizza hot-pocket: with pepperoni, salami, ham, mozzarella, and stewed tomatoes, then served with a side of marinara sauce. -Lovely Bit Salmon was excellent!  Salmon, potatoes, asparagus... delicious!-Lamb Vindaloo, Lamb in red curry and potatoes... was decent, though I probably wouldn't get it again.  -Peppered Steak = GROSS, disgusting, worst thing I've ever received in any food making establishment.  I actually think mine was bad or rotten, and would've complained, but I'd taken it to go and so I was stuck with it.  I took one bite, gagged, spit it out, and threw it away.If it weren't for the rotten peppered steak I received, I was going to give a 5-star review, but after it I think I'm being very forgiving with giving 4-stars.  Everything else was pretty excellent, so I'll try to forgive the one absolutely disgusting pasty.
5	The place is awesome. Real cozy and busy. The people were really cool and the food was great.
5	When I first started researching some food options for my trip to Arizona, Cornish Pasty Company kept popping up. At first I tried to ignore it, but eventually curiosity got the best of me. So many rave reviews about this  'glorified hot pocket'. I'm thinking, yes I like hot pockets, but I don't know if I could take that affinity to the restaurant level. Cornish Pasty Company happened to be literally less than a mile from our hotel so we had to check it out. We got there right before the dinner rush and barely waited for a seat at the bar. I decided on the chicken tikka masala and the bf got the peppered steak. He was intrigued by the bleu cheese. We were both happy with our orders. There is a decent wait from the time you order, but just think of every minute going towards a perfectly baked pasty. Now I understand how people can compare it to a hot pocket. This is the epitome of hot pockets and I can't find the words to a description that justifies how good it is. Our waitress and the kitchen guy we chatted up were both suuuper nice. The waitress was very attentive and quick. The place itself is pretty dark (literally, dim lighting) and has that euro dive bar feel to it. I enjoyed sitting at the bar, feeling like a local and watching the kitchen staff work those ovens. The food alone would have gotten me to love them. To top it off, they have THREE DOLLAR irish car bombs!!! Their receipt even says "IRISH CAR BOMB... F... YEAH" haha, they definitely know what's up. No doubt I'll be back for more the next time I'm in the area.
5	They don't serve food, they serve sex on a plate. At first glance the place looks like a hallway but it's really a flavor factory hidden away between two buildings no one cares about because those places don't have Pasty's. The service is fast , friendly, and the music is off the chain.  The food is not to be forgotten though, there are so many selections of Pasty variations that anyone with any craving will loose all control of there facial expressions. I only wish the place was bigger, there have been times when I've  had to wait for a space to open up but that's not necessarily a bad thing.  That time allowed me  to prepare myself for the nirvana inducing flavorgasm that is The Cornish Pasty Company.
5	Eat here.  Just go and eat here.  ITISAWESOME!!!!
5	This place is so awesome! You feel like you're in a little, off beat restaurant in Chicago or New York, instead of Phoenix! The service is very friendly. It's a small place but the food is excellent and big! If you've never had a pasty, you must try it! It's like a pastry filled with love! I usually get the Cajun Chicken Pasty which is filled with spicy chicken, bacon, ham and swiss cheese! Today I'm trying the pork sausage, potatoes and cheese!
5	Best Pasty in AZ!  I love the vegetarian Mexican.  It can get pretty packed during lunch may want to call ahead if your in a hurry.
5	I seem to be attracted to restaurants that sell fancy versions of my favorite cheap eats.. (hello Republic Ramen Noodles!). Anywho, I decided to check out Cornish Pasty Co based on the fact that my friends seemed to go there a lot, and I had heard nothing but good things about this restaurant. Last night we went, around dinner rush. The place was packed and I didnt know it was a "seat yourself" establishment. Our server directed us all the way to the back where we shared a table with some other people. This place has a really cozy feel, its definitely not a restaurant fit for large groups of people. I went with my boyfriend and his brother. I got the Lovely Bit o' Salmon pasty, boyfriend got the Meat & Cheese, and his brother got the Cajun Chicken. We also ordered the oven chips. It took a bit to get our food, but I didn't really mind. When we finally got our order, it was well worth the wait. The Salmon pasty (filled with salmon, asparagus, red potatoes, tomatoes and spinach) was delicious.. especially that dill sauce it came with. The oven chips were amazing as well! My boyfriend and his brother absolutely loved their pasties as well. I even got to try the meat & cheese.. WOW. So good. I'm a sucker for anything cheesy! Atmosphere wise, the place is really laid back, I liked how a lot of the people there had tattoos and I didnt feel like myself or any of the people I was with were being judged..sometimes we get treated differently just based off the fact that we have tattoos at places which is a big bummer! I did notice this place must be a hipster hangout since I saw a gaggle of them going out the back door, hahaha. I will definitely be back, as long as I'm good on my diet the rest of the week.. hahah.
5	The first time I tried Cornish Pasty was about two years ago, and it rocked. I just went again last week with the boyfriend, and it impressed me so much again the second time again I felt compelled to yelp about it!We arrived there at around 6pm on a Friday night. Luckily, we grabbed the last table of two without having to wait at all! As many previous reviewers have mentioned, this place is not good for large parties. There are four 2-seater tables along the right side of their narrow dining room, a full service bar along the left side, and a couple slightly larger tables that seat 4 along the back, and that's it. The atmosphere is offbeat and funky. It's pretty dark in there, so it feels like a cave, but in a good way. Like you stumbled into the lair of a friendly Giant who happens to bake the best damn pasties you've ever had on the reg, and wants to share. Service was quick and friendly. We started off with a large house salad to split with their house lemon pesto vinaigrette dressing. Yum!  It was more than enough for two people to share for a first course - we could barely even finish it. I ordered the Shepherd's Pie pasty with the minted lamb, and OMG. This thing was fantastic. It took my experience to the next level. Oozing cheese, garlicky mashed potatoes, crispy buttery pastry crust, and this amazing seasoned lamb. I had the Pilgrim pasty the first time I ate here a few years ago, and it was very good, but this Shepherd's pie pasty blew it out of the water. Not to mention the red wine gravy served with it. NOM NOM NOM. I was so stuffed after eating half our salad and half of my huge pasty that I absolutely HAD to say no to dessert (note: this is very unlike me :)). The next time I go (and there WILL be a next time, and soon) I plan to try either the banoffee pie or the cinnamon apple pasty!Bottom line: This place is excellent. Reasonable prices for very generous portions, there are plenty of options and definitely something for everyone. If you have yet to try it, check it out the next time you are in the Tempe area! Bonus: you'll probably even have leftovers to take home and enjoy later!
5	This has become my "go to" place in Tempe.  At this point I've had probably half of the items on the menu and have not been disappointed once.  They have Union Jack IPA on draft which, if you like IPA's, really can't be beat.  Brandon (I believe is the manager) is always friendly, attentive and helpful.  I hate to recommend this place because it's packed enough already - but hey, they deserve the business.
5	This place is awesome. Great food, tons of vegetarian options, usually very good service. It is small, so be prepared to possibly wait for a seat or choose to sit at the bar for faster service. They also have great Irish car bombs here. Don't pass up the dessert pasties either...the apple one is yummy!
5	Love at first sight. Lust at first bite. And now I'm drunk with a red curry pasty infatuation. I don't know how it could have taken me so long to eat here, I've been eyeing this place since I moved here 3 years ago. This is my jam. This is what I look for in an eatery. This is where I want to hide out, drink beers and chat with my tatoo artist about the next ink-scursion.Small, narrow, dark, perfect level of noise, good music, cool waitstaff, fun kitchen peeps, inexpensive, and friggin delicious. At 9:30 pm there was a line of about 10 people waiting for tables. Yep the food is that good and the joint is that cool.New mission: try every veggie pasty on the menu and all sweet pasties.
4	The Oggie brought back memories of being a kid in england.. delicious! Overall decent prices for the amount of food (they might look small, but they're not), good food, and good service. Thanks to yelp for leading me here! Lose a star because they're sadly out of the Pavlova 3/4 of the time.
5	This place was a winner.  I don't eat around Tempe too often and when I do I'd like that experience to be unique.  I was looking for a place to grab some good food and a couple beers before a concert so I checked out Yelp and it did not lead me astray.To me, a place like this is why Yelp needs to exist.  It was not in the most obvious location and when the group I was with went to walk in the front door we almost didn't know we were in the right place.  Let's just say their limited space is used very efficiently.  For what this place lacks in size, it makes up in character.Inside it was kind of dark with some chairs lining the bar long the open kitchen and on the other wall a few small tables.  We found our spot in the back which was probably the only table big enough for 6 people.  The place was full and the noise level was just right; busy, but comfortable to have some lively dinner conversation. (Especially after some Irish Car Bombs.)Their draft beer selection stuck to the UK theme with a lot of beers from that region.  I was especially surprised to see some Strongbow Cider.  They also had a few good micro brews from places like Firestone and Rogue.  Between that selection and the 32 oz. monster glasses they'd serve it in, this place was already a winner.Most importantly, their food was excellent.  I had the TIki Masala pasty and my wife had the Chicken Greek.  The Tiki Masala would be a great dish served by itself in an Indian restaurant.  Put it in a pasty and it's game over.  I tasted my wife's Chicken Greek which I probably wouldn't have picked as one of my own top choices to order and it was awesome.We unanimously agreed this place was great and we had a laugh about some review around here that compared it to a Hot Pocket.  LOL.  I'll have to save that one under, "Knowing about good food - FAIL!"
4	Really good food.  I started with the potato, leek, and stilton cheese soup which was pretty good.  The bread that they served it with, however, was fantastic!  It turns out that they bake it there fresh every day, and it was wonderful - dense, chewy, and flavorful.  It was great on its own, but was also good to mop up the soup with!  I had the oggie for my main meal, and it was very good.  The red wine gravy was a nice addition.
5	Theee best Shepard's pie around!!!
4	$3 car bombs and food is good 4 out of 5 times
2	I wasnt impressed. The pasties  were so so. Not like they are in the U.P.   Service poor. :(
4	For the first time, I had brunch today at Cornish Pasty Company, Tempe, AZ. I ordered Lamb Vindaloo. The pasty was very very good!From outside the parking lot, you have to read carefully because the name sign is quite small (its on the door only). The exit doors are on the both side (front & back door).Once you open the door, you will be indulge by the aroma of the pasty (humm...yumm...).The room consider dark and packed but cozy. There was alot of different type of beers that you can find in here rather than other common brunch bar.I would like to come back again!
5	From the outside you would never expect such a comfortable and friendly little bar. The food is fantastic, music is always great and I love the ambiance that comes with such a tiny and dark little bar. That may be a complaint for some but it feels so much more comfortable and inviting to me. The wait can sometimes be long but it is worth completely worthwhile. I'm very excited for the expansion project to get underway, this restaurant is perfect.
4	cool spot, interesting tables and pews.  Never even knew what a pasty was before I went here.  It was good.  good beer.  I liked it.  Its a good place to take someone from out of town for lunch.
4	Shepherd's Pie was amazing! This visit certainly changed my perception of British food. Next time I'm in Phoenix I will definitely return.
5	The Cornish Pasty is so full of awesome that it is really hard to describe it's awesome awesomeness. It's kind of hipstery so i can't say that i'm their target audience but whatever. I goes and eats where i please. I just throw a few butterfly sticker-tattoos on various parts of my body and blend right in.I like places with a character and this place has it in spades.  The cooks/waiters/waitresses are friendly and the pastys are good eats! I must warn that they are more filling that you would think. Good beer good food! Ridiculously cheap (knock back a few Rogues for me) The dark lighting also makes your friends look sooo much better.win win.  and win.
5	This place was awesome!! I had never had a pasty before going here, and it was definitely worth all of the hype I saw on yelp. The ambiance was the first thing I noticed when I walked it. It's a very long, dimly lit restaurant with limited seating if you're not into sitting at a bar (which, I don't mind). One of the servers was quick to notice our group right away, and provided us with drinks as we waited for a place to sit. The beer was very diverse and exciting, which made me extra happy. The grub was great... I got the pork with mashed potatoes pasty with a red wine dipping sauce. I have to agree with past reviews and say that the dipping sauce was delicious! Next time I'm in Tempe, I'll be making my way back to this place.
4	Liked this place better than I thought I would. "D" asked me out for late lunch so we met here around 2pm. It was hard for me to find, it's located BEHIND the AM/PM more on Hardy than University in my opinion.We walked in what felt like the BACK door and immediately were struck by the cramped style of the restaraunt. I wanted to run back out and go to the bar next door, but "D" really wanted a pasty. So I gave in.We walked to the front and sat at the long table with the long bench. That didn't feel as cramped as the two-seater tables.we both had pomogranate ice tea, which was delicious after I added sugar to it. I ordered the Chicken Greek Salad Pasty and he ordered the Peppered Steak pasty.When the food came out about 10 minutes later and I dug in, I finally knew what heaven on a plate tasted like. Both Pasty's were cut in half so he and i switched half of each others food. OH! MY! My chicken greek salad pasty was delicious, the artichokes and sun dried tomatoes were so scrumptious. I loved the dressing as well. It was all so good. The peppered steak was also delicious, although I'm personally not a fan of mushrooms and it had many in it. But besides that really great food. I loved it. They were deceptively filling, so I want to go back and try just the dessert. Was too full to try it this time.
5	I love coming to Cornish Pasty.I usually order the Rosemary Chik'n Pasty and it is absolutely amazing. I can come here for lunch, dinner or even just for a beer. They have a decent number of beers on tap most of which are pretty tasty. I give this place 5 stars hands down!
4	I ain't from around here. Where I come from,  restaurants located in strip malls are not to be trusted. "Feed me but be careful." Speaketh my hangover and we rolled back the stone to the pasty-cave.So the hangover and I find ourselves inside the pit as The Soledad Brothers play and smoke rises from the narrow kitchen. Ten pounds of onion simmer on a grill.  A beautiful woman hands me a menu. Oh god, they are everywhere! That man making the food has an immaculate beard!!! Am I in Chicago?! What's happening hangover?!  No. I'm In Tempe, where there is a kickass restaurant that serves kickasser beer, and great comfort food to cure what ails you. Bangers and Mash. Mmmm. Mash.
4	Had the meat and cheese pasty and the banaoffee pie again. Still just as good. Really busy for a Thursday night and a little slow on the service because of it. Enjoyed it much more the other times when sitting at the bar, so definitely suggest doing that if it's available. Also, disappointed in the music choices - it was like swing jukebox music and did not fit the restaurant at all.While the food is super delicious, for the price (~$8.50) the pasties should come with a side of mash or something. Definitely do not pass up on dessert either.
4	Dont be frightened by the other places in this shopping center.  Once inside there is great authentic food, they even have HP sauce.
5	Just ate there for my first time and it was delicious. Great, friendly staff and the food was phenominal! I had the Carne Advocada, which was superb (tasty with a little heat that lingers), and the PB&J Pasty dessert (absolutely amazing). I will definitely come back (when I'm back in town).
5	Great pastry filled goodness. Had the Bangers and Mash. Excellent!
5	I came back! I missed Sherly Temple's Pudding!!! The flavor still the same as the first time I ate! Awsome!!!
5	Incredible concept and awesome food. I hit this place everytime I'm in Phoenix. The service is attentive and friendly. I'll be back soon.
5	I love Cornish Pasty. The atmosphere, the service, and the food are all wonderful! It does have a pub feel and can get a little loud with how busy it gets, so I wouldn't recommend going here if you're looking for a quiet dinner. The pasties are very nicely priced with how much food you get. Honestly, I usually take half of it home to eat later (if you do take it home, I'd recommend heating it up in the toaster oven). If you need pasty recommendations, I'd recommend the cajun, portobello mushroom, and cheese steak. The desserts are also delicious. So, in conclusion, come into Cornish Pasty and enjoy the world of classy hot pockets.
5	Awesome Pasty's!!  So many pasty options! A bit dark inside but, great spot for a cold winter day... great concept and delivery! I will stop by anytime I'm within 50 miles! Where is the pasty shop in SF??!
4	The atmosphere is very dark and you feel almost closed in.  But the food makes up for it. The greek salad and the tikka masla is really good.  The workers are all tatted up and seem kinda unshowered.  The happy hour has good car bomb specials.
3	I'm disappointed other Yelpers didn't point out the time it would take for the pastry to bake... I dined alone and given the advice about it been filling, I didn't order an appetizer. The about 20 min wait felt like forever. Of course one could start drafting the reviews or distract oneself with these devices we couldn't get our hands off.... I had the lamb vindaloo and I finished the whole thing!! It's 90 degrees out and freezing in here... the vindaloo was so hot (spicy) it totally warmed me up. The mint yogurt balances the heat very well I just wish there is more... the pastry was over cooked and hard (maybe that's why I waited so long?) I would've liked it flaky. Overall a great value meal and good eats.This place has a real English pub feel which is cool.  Very friendly atmosphere.
5	Been coming here 7 years and have never been dissapionted! The best shepards pie in town! Might be a little crowded but its worth the wait! Get the shepards pie! Cornish pasties are like a pastry filled with whatever you want! They have an assortment of fillings to satisfy yur taste buds! From Greek and Italian to my favorite the Shepards Pie! Mashed potatoes, ground beef, cheese, onions and peas and carrots all baked in a delicious pasty! The red wine dipping sauce is spectacular and is the perfect addition! You'll want to eat it by itself! It's set up like waffle house so you can watch them cook yur meal right in front of you while sitting at the bar or you can grab an intimate table off to the side. Great for lunch business parties or a friday night date! And don't forget the cold Boddington on tap! Yay! My fave! Service is great and the cooks put on a good music selection from their iPods. It can get a little loud and crowded and dress is casual. They opened up a new one in Mesa but I haven't been there yet. Cornish pasty is a must!!
4	The service and the heat knock this place down a star...not having A/C in AZ just seems like a horrible, horrible idea, especially in such a small space, with no waiting area, and tons of bodies packed in. Our server (after our 25 minute scorching wait) was very nice, and kept our drinks filled...but took 30 minutes post-finishing to bring us the bill, and just as long to pick it back up with the cards...all the while, I was schvitzing and sweating.That said, the food is freaking amazing. I had the Mushroom, Spinach, Walnut Soup, while my co-diners enjoyed the Leek soup - both were lick the bowl clean, as was the bread served with the soup. I appreciated at barrage of vegetarian Pasty options, both more with veggies (like the delicious balsamic portobello I had) as well as with faux meat, Quorn brand (yum!). My friends had the bangers and mash and the chicken greek pasties, and both were beyond satisfied. One took an order of Shirley Temple Pudding home -- if I wasn't visiting from out of town, I would have too - it smelled godly.Would suggest visiting during an off hour, as there are no seats for waiting, and it is ridiculously hot. Plus, make sure you have lots of time for freshly made food, and medium speed service. Food is totally worth it!
4	This place is one of my favorite restaurants.  Local restaurant  with delicious food.  For those who don't know, a pasty is basically a gourmet Hot Pocket.  The vegetarian friendly menu consists of a lot of pasties and a few salads, all under $10 and very filling.  They even have dessert pasties.  I've been here many times, and the only dud I've ever had was a very dry Chicken Alfredo.  The Cajun Chicken has trumped the Balsamic Portabello as my favorite.  My main gripe with this place is that it is very small.  There are only 2 or 3 tables that seat more than 2, not counting the bar counter.  There is usually a wait for dinners on Friday and Saturday.  I'm just glad I live close enough to do take out on those nights since they don't deliver.  My friends love the 32oz Guiness served in mini-pitchers for less than $9.
4	Ordered ahead, due to a slight hangover and wanting to be at home.  But when I walked in I was impressed by the warm feeling.  This restaurant is a narrow "cave" and lives up to a typical Brit pub with wooden walls and low lighting.  Didn't wait long for them to package my food.  I ordered the Oggie and Royal with Cheese, and OMG!!  My son and I shared.  He was finished with his before I was half way done with mine.  The Oggie had steak, potatoes, onion and rutabaga and the crust was light and flakey.  The Royal with Cheese was a burger patty with onions, mushrooms, cheese and french fries, OMG!!  Perfect cure to a hangover or just a great dinner.  A little heavy for lunch but the menu looks to have other great options.  I will definately try this place again and will sit down to eat there sometime soon!!
4	I freakin love this place.  The food is so darn delicious.  I only have a couple complaints about the place, but the pros far out weigh the cons.  The hallway like establishment is a little too cramped for my style, so I usually call in my order for pick up.  My only real complaint is that no matter how much time you give them, the pickup orders are never really ready; it seems they wait to package the food until your actually there.  Again it's a simply pet peeve but I love this place!  The carne adovada is to die for.
4	I can't believe that this place is so close to my office and it took me three years to finally stumble across it!  After having read the reviews, I decided to give it a shot once I realized that they actually do have a fairly extensive veggie-friendly menu.  Despite not being a fan of fake meat products, I decided to try the veggie asiago chicken pasty and was pleasantly surprised.  The brand of "wheat meat" that they use actually had good flavor and an unusually normal texture.  The pasty also contained corn, black beans, hatch chiles, stewed tomatoes, and was not overwhelmingly heaped with asiago cheese.  The salsa that was served on the side was flavorful and a nice accompaniment to the already spicy pasty.  The crust was flavorful and flaky, just like the pasties that I remember getting growing up.  The only drawback is that the place is incredibly small and between the loud music and the conversations of other customers, my ears were ringing by the time I left.  The food is certainly worthwhile, though, and I think this may become one of my regular take out spots for lunch.
5	I love this place... too!   They have the best red curry pasty i have ever eaten.   I wish you had a place in north phoenix though as the drive is a bit far.   In addition to the pastys i really like all the sides such as the rutabaga, and the stilton soup.  Yum!   This place delivers on all counts.
5	My gf and I just tried the Oggie bc we werent super hungry.  Even with that, the food was super yummy.  I wonder what would happen to us if we are actually starving.  the sauce that came with the Oggie was excellent too, so I suggested that you shouldnt eat the pasty without the sauce.  The decoration in the store is quite unique: church pews and wall and table deocrations.  It's a must go if you are around the area.
5	Words cannot begin to describe the glory that is this fine establishment. Never had bad service or a bad meal. These puff pastry stuffed bundles of heaven erupt with surgically precise flavor combinations that leave me speechless every single time. My new favorite is the Lamb & Mint, a delicious combination of succulent and juicy lamb, perfectly sliced potatoes, rutabaga, and of course, the fresh mint sprigs make for a truly transcendental dining experience. After tasting more than 3/4 of their menu, I have yet to taste a single thing that wasn't perfectly cooked, perfectly spiced, or perfectly paired with their exquisite red wine gravy. I could drink that delicious concoction by the gallon. The vegetarian pasties are undeniably good as well, the Eggplant Parmesan is a worldly experience that I could eat any time, any day. It stuffs the best bits of the garden into a mozzarella, marinara and Parmesan wrapped envelope of goodness that has to be tasted to be appreciated.The Cream of Leek, Potato and Stilton Cheese soup is out of this world, the Garlic & Herb Roasted Red Mashed Potatoes with Cheese make all other mashed potato dishes taste like dehydrated flake garbage, and the desserts (if you can find any more room in your belly for awesome) are the food of gods. The PB&J Pasty or the Banoffee Pie make me want to live in this restaurant until the day I die.The location is being renovated currently to expand into the adjacent building, which is a welcomed change as the intimate dining area admittedly cramped on busy days. Though it is a wondrous experience to watch the staff prepare their pasties mere feet from your seat, it will really do well to have a few more tables. Sit at the bar if at all possible for the best dining experience.I wish I could give CPC 6 stars simply because the other places I've deemed worthy of 5 stars simply cannot compare. On top of all this, the unparalleled drinking specials, 32 oz steins, and $3 car bombs every day make this not only a wonderful place to eat, but a perfect spot to pickle the liver as well.
5	This place is super awesome! Lamb and Mint was delicious, I recommend trying something new each time... I received excellent service, and every staff member I encountered was unique and friendly; and really seemed to fit in with the "mood" of the place.Seating inside is a little awkward, I believe there's just a bunch of pews lined up and from time to time you'll get sat right next to a family that likes to use their elbows.Deserts are to die for: Try the Peanut Butter and Jelly Pasty!
5	love this place. the atmosphere is fun, the place is packed every time I go with my vegetarian friend. so many choices, I want to try them all! service is fast, likely because it's do popular that they want to move people thru once you finish eating. and to be polite, once done, it's friendly to give your table to the next famished folks. :)
5	One of the best restaurants in PHX.  Hot Pockets and Beer?  Yes, please.
5	Another delish outing at my favorite whole in the wall.  Three pastys and two Liters of beer for under $50.  Cheap and satisfying lunch for my work force!
5	All these yelpers couldn't be wrong! This place is deeeeelish! Some many different options, it's hard to choose a pastry. Not sure if u could go wrong on any of them.... The beer selection is pretty decent. The secret beer is a hazelnut brown ale (rogue brewery). It's not really a secret it's just not on the menu, but it's amazing. Normally im not a fan of rogue, but whatever. We had the banoffee for dessert! They whipped the cream as we ordered, it was perfect. The service was ok, we seemed to have 3 ppl serving us. The female was def. less attentive, but the boys were on point.This place is absolutely worth trying but don't expect any thing fancy. If they changed anything it would lose it's charm. Nothing else like it in az.
5	Finally. Finally!!! A solid British pub. Service was great (more than I can say for some actual pubs in London) and food was absoflippinlutely stellar. We shared the Shepard's Pie, Bangers and Mash, and the broccoli cauliflower cheese bake (yes, there were leftovers). It was impossible to pick a favorite and this will definitely be on my go-to list when in Tempe. The beer list is superb and I had a hard time choosing as there were so many of my favorites from overseas travel. My only wish? Murphy's on tap.
5	I am reviewing the original Tempe location.  Given all the great reviews this place has gotten, I was wondering what I could add that hasn't already been said.  It's not only the only place in Tempe you can get a cornish pasty, but they are also freak'n awesome.  The Lovely Bit of Salmon was my favorite, but alas given my newly discovered gluten intolerance I am not able to part-take in such loveliness any more:  :(But nevertheless, I still come here every now and then with my friends and husband.  They all chow down on the yummy pasties while I chow down on my salads, sides, and soups.  So, I decided to concentrate my review on those items. (Some of these dishes are not gluten free.  I had them before I found out about my gluten intolerance.) Soups:They offer a variety of soups.  I have tried: 1) the cream of leek, potato, and stilton, 2) the cream of tomato and crouton, and 3) the red pepper, black bean, rice, chicken, and jalapeno.  They were all very good, but I was informed that only the red pepper one is gluten free.  I had the first two before I found out about my gluten intolerance.  Not only are their soups really tasty, full of flavor, they are all also accompanied by thick slices of fresh bread and butter, baked and churned in-house.  Absolutely delicious!  The are perfect accompaniments, and a bowl at $4.75 would make a tasty and light lunch that won't break the bank.  Sides: The garlic mashed potatoes and the garlic roasted potatoes are also very good.  Pretty much what you should expect.  Creamy mashed potatoes and nicely roasted red potatoes with a hint of garlic.  Not too garlicky.  The mushy peas is one of my favorite side dishes that they serve.  I think I prefer them to the potatoes simply because they are something different that I can't get anywhere else.  And these ain't  no ordinary peas.  They are huge for peas.  Cooked really well.  Not too mushy (overcooked), even though they are "mushy" peas. There is a great texture and freshness to this dish.  The texture of these "mushy peas" is more like crunchy peanut butter than creamy peanut butter if we were speaking of peanut butter that is (it's an analogy. . . just go with it), and I think the freshness and the texture go hand in hand from not overcooking the peas.  The broccoli and cauliflower cheese bake is also a nice dish.  It makes me think of mac'n cheese, but with cauliflower and broccoli instead of mac noodles.  I dont think this dish is gluten free.  It seems to be made with a cheese sauce that is thickened with a flour rue, then baked to give a nice golden, crusted top.  It was tasty as well, but could have used a bit more seasoning.  It was my least favorite of all the sides I have had. All their salads are also pretty good.  The veggies in the salad are pretty much the same regardless of which salad you get: ice berg lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers, and onions.  Except for the Greek and pasta.  The Greek has feta and olives, and the pasta has a whole list of its own ingredients.  What differentiates the various salads are the additions and the dressing.  Beside the basic garden and Greek, the three other salads to choose from are: 1) the salmon or chicken caesar, 2) the chicken tikka salad, and 3) the sausage salad.  The salmon caesar is a great substitute for the Lovely Bit of Salmon pasty.  The salmon is cooked very well.  Juicy, not overcooked and not undercooked, seasoned just like the salmon in the Lovely Bit of Salmon.  Ask for a side of the white wine and dill dressing that usually accompanies the Lovely Bit of Salmon and you will not regret it.  That sauce is amazing.  This is my favorite salad. The chicken tikka is also good.  The chicken is marinated in a red rub or spice, like what you would find with tandoori chicken, and served on a salad with yogurt dressing.  Finally, the sausage salad was not my favorite.  They make the sausage in house, but I was a bit disappointed with the flavor and the way it was cooked.  It was overcooked, very dry, and a bit off.  I'm not sure if I would order it again.  I've had it twice and it was the same both times.Overall, this is one of the best restaurants in Tempe!
4	Everything I have ever ordered from here is delicious.  The staff is friendly and the beer looks great (I don't drink during lunch :() The restaurant is a bit small making it challenging if your in a big group.  The good food takes a bit of time and can be a little heavy for the middle of summer.  I recommend checking this place out and enjoying the unique food they have to offer.
4	Couple things.  First, I am reviewing a Delivery order that I placed.  (If you didn't know that they delivered... Now you do!)You start by looking at their website, which is modest.  It's a black background with White text.  Pretty much all of their food is available for take-out, except for the alcohol.*TIP* Make sure to look at their PDF Menu.  It has TONS of more choices than what is listed on their Website.  I wasn't even aware of this fact until I had ordered my food.At this point, they do not have online ordering set up, so you call and place your order that way.Cornish Pasty's (pronounced Pastie, not Pastey) are amazingly delicious.  They take whatever filling you choose (from the Chicken Alfredo to the Bangers and Mash), and they place it in a thin, crisp dough that surrounds it.  Think of a Calzone, except the Irish version.Now, these are very, very filling.  They are modestly priced (all of them are less than $10), and they are EXTREMELY DELICIOUS.Make sure you give them a try.  I will sure be eating here again!
5	Cornish Pasty Company is one of my favorite local restaurants.A pasty is a sort of like a gourmet hot pocket, that actually tastes really good, and was invented in England.The Cornish Pasty Company has dozens of tasty options, with my favorites being "The Porky", "Bangers and Mash", and "Chicken Pot Pie". The Porky consists of pork, potatoes, apples, onion, and sage, with a side of red wine gravy.The Bangers and Mash pasty consists of pork and sage sausage, red wine gravy, grilled onions, mashed potatoes, and comes with a side of gravy. The Chicken Pot Pie Pasty has chicken, carrots, red potato, green beans, celery, with a thyme and chicken gravy.They also have one of the best and most unique beer menus available with an awesome mix of domestic micro brews and great European options.They also have a pretty good happy hour every day, even on weekends.Unique menu, great food, and awesome beer selection, gives the Cornish Pasty Company five stars.
4	Been twice, once in Mesa, once in Tempe. Both had great food and super friendly hipster staff. We will be back, no doubt! Good beer selection and happy hour deals too??
5	I'm such a friggin' idiot that I just recently discovered this joint. Hands down, my new favorite place to eat.  On our first visit, I tried the original 'auggie', which is essentially steak and potatoes.  It was fresh, hot, seasoned perfectly and absolutely melt-in-your-mouth delicious.  A decent cut of meat and it went along perfectly with the red wine sauce pairing.  The wife had the chicken pot pie and loved it.  The proverbial cherry on the top was the dessert PB&J sangwhich.  Best.thing.ever.Oh and they have a great beer menu.  This place rocks!
5	MAN! I lived in the UK for a while, and when I came home about six years ago, I came to the startling realization that the odds of having a proper pasty ever again were next to nothing.Then I moved to Arizona. And here, of all places, is the Cornish Pasty Company. And their pasties are SPOT ON.If you've ever had a pasty from the West Cornwall Pasty Co. in the UK, you'll recognize the pasties on CPC's menu. They have your traditional steak and swede (CPC: The Oggie), Pork and Apple, and other familiar favorites. They also have some of their own creations, which sound amazing.I ordered the Oggie. Husband ordered the Meat (housemade sage sausage) and Cheese. Outstanding flavor, texture, and overall eatability. They're huge--we each took half home and they heated up fabulously in the oven at 350F the next day.DON'T SKIP DESSERT! The Banoffee Pie is a favorite across the pond and an absolute must-try. It's incredibly rich--and incredibly large--so plan to share between two or more!Oh, and hey--the service is outstanding, and the prices can't be beat. Win, win, win!
4	Not much on ambience, but the food is amazing!
4	I ordered the royal with cheese, omgosh yum. It was the best french fry/burger thing, I've ever eaten. Very very tasty. I got my order to go, and it was snappy service, and they were friendly.The only negatives are that this also doubles as a bar and the drink prices are meh, and it looks super sketchy at night.Overall though, I recommend going to this place because it was the bomb!
5	Fun place!
5	greatest place.  despite it being in a bit of a sketchy neighborhood- we saw two women walking in the parking lot with laundry baskets on their heads - i thought i was in a nat geo special!  - and it being really, really small and dark - i like it. amazing vegetarian options - in fact, i think they have most of their regular options in vegetarian form.  and great beer on tap.  you don't mind waiting a while since it does take a while to bake these when you have a good beer to drink.  they even have the pastys raw so you can take them home and cook them there.  i highly recommend this place.   now all i ask is that you open one near desert ridge!!also..like i said, have some time to spare, since it does take a while for them to bake the food.
4	I just had my first Cornish Pasty experience, and can I just say yummmm!  I am a vegetarian and my boyfriend is a carnivore.  I was pleasantly surprised that I had an entire page of unique and delicious options to choose from, and I know I will be returning soon to try more.  On another note, for any of you other vegetarians out there, I sat at the bar and could see the prep area where they cut the scrumptious pasties and prep them up to go out to customers, and to my satisfaction and delight, they were thoughtful enough to use a separate knife to cut my veggie pasty.  All in all, it was a great experience.
4	Fun, unique selection of delicious food that you'll find nowhere else in town, great selection of cold beers, cozy dark atmosphere, friendly staff. Not sure why people are saying it's in a sketchy neighborhood -- I think the worst thing that will happen to you is you might get asked for spare change in the parking lot, but trust me, you are perfectly safe coming here. Can't speak to the "authenticity" of these pasties, but they sure are good, and I love that there's such a variety of flavors/textures to try.I'm sad I discovered this place right before I moved out of state.
5	This place has been on my "must try" list for quite some time, but since it's pretty far from where I live, we hadn't made the trek down there... until now... since we had nothing better to do on a lazy Labor Day weekend, we got in the new car and headed down to give this place a try. It was a drive, but BOY was it worth it! Love, love, love the unique vibe of this place. It reminded me of Bison Witches (near U of A in Tucson), but WAY better. The inside was small, but we made it before the lunch crowd so it's all good. We ordered the bangers n' mash and chicken tikka masala pasty. First of all, the pastry is awesome.. I'm pretty sure anything stuffed into that would blow your mind, but given they have a huge selection of great inserts that only increases the loveliness of the pastry. I'm not sure anything is better than a cold beer and one of these bad boys. They are so unique and extremely well done. This place is a keeper for sure... I can't wait to go back and give some other varieties a whirl. Based on the reviews, I've got to sample some dessert as well... yay!
4	This is an interesting food experience where you get a lot to eat for a decent price.  The service was on top of things and took good care of keeping my drink full.  I ordered their original pasty and some baked beans with habenero peppers added and then got a lamb and mint pasty to go.  They carried out both orders very well and without the confusion many places seem to have when they receive such an order.  Good place for an occasional visit but regular visits might incur a larger waistline as it is a very carb heavy meal.  I enjoyed both of my pasty pies and would look forward to sampling their other offerings.
5	Great food-CHECKGreat vibe-CHECKGreat staff-CHECKTheres not many places that will make me go and have more of their great food two days after i went for the first time.Until a few weeks before i went to the Cornish pasty i didnt even know what a pasty was....until my Michigan roommates told me. So i gave it a try, what hooked me was the spicy chicken asiago pasty, its out of this world....i think their crust is their main key ingridient, its tasty, light and flaky.My second time there i tried the chicken masala and it was great for my spicy taste but it may be too spicy for most people. I also had the cajun pasty and it was equally great, the ham inside have it an unexpected pleasant flavor.If you havent been there, you are not making yourself any favors, this hole in the wall is every bit as good as its 5-star rating and prob more!
5	The CPC is about a block from my condo.  Since I moved to Tempe, I've gained about 15lbs.  I'm fairly certain a large portion of this has to do with this restaurant.  When I cut myself shaving, I bleed red wine gravy.I frequent CPC more than I should.  Guilty as charged.  The food is just...so damn good.  I'm also a fan of their dfraft beer selection.  32oz mugs of Hoegaarden or Dead Guy ale?  Yes, please.I've turned many people on to the wonders of this place.  Out of all of my friends that tried it, the only one that didn't fully appreciate it was the one that had a lap band.  I don't recommend this place if your stomach is the size of a walnut because there will be some damage.I've tried nearly all of the pasties (with the exception of the vegetarian ones) and it's difficult to pick a favorite.  I guess if I had to narrow it down to three, I'd choose (in no particular order), the Oggie, the chicken greek and the pilgrim.  Damn delectable!I've also had their pasta salad.  It's huge.  I probably wouldn't get it again, though.  Why would I get that when I could have a pasty?  I thought I knew what comfort food was until I had my first pasty.OK, so what about the interior?  There isn't much of it!  It's a hole in the wall.  The Mesa location is quite bigger, so if you're dead set on trying the food on a Friday or Saturday, you may want to check out the Mesa setting.I've only had to wait for a table once, and it wasn't for very long, but I tend to visit during the off hours (late afternoon or later in the evening).  If you're flying solo, don't be ashamed to hop on a bar stool and watch the 20 something hipster dudes cook up gravy and other vittles.   Speaking of the employees, they're a motley bunch.  Service is usually pretty decent.  If you're a fan of tattoos, nearly all of the employees are inked.  It definitely lends a sense of style to the place.  There's a single unisex bathroom in the back.  If you gotta go, you gotta go.  I suggest forming a line if it's in use because I've seen people treat it like an airplane bathroom: they'll keep looking over their shoulder to see if the person inside has left and then get up, only to be cut off at the pass by someone seated closer doing the same bit.I've only had one bad pasty experience.  My pasty was slightly over-baked.  I think the guy that baked it was over-baked, too.  Look at the eyes of some of the cooks.  They're redder than the gravy!At any rate, that one pasty doesn't warrant the loss of a star compared to the dozens of other perfect pasties that I've had.  I recommend this place to everyone.  Leave your diet in your car and enjoy yourself.
4	I love Cornish Pasty Company for the charming atmosphere, great beer selection, and last but not least the food. If you come here sit at the bar and order a cajun chicken. You're welcome!
5	Since there is no other place like it - 5 stars. So freakin good, I wish there was one in Tucson.I had the original pasty with meat, potatoes and gravy. Simply devine comfort food. The baked cauliflower and broccoli side was also excellent. I wished I would have tried everyone else's pasty, but I was on a mission to finish mine and that huge 32oz. beer. Love the old-time photos of miners and traditional pub decor. I can't wait to get back to this place.
5	One of the things I love about my neighborhood is that Cornish Pasty is w/in walking distance.Every pasty Ive had here is awesome. My personal faves include the shepherds pie, the chicken pot pie, and the thanksgiving pasty.Yes its tiny and loud, but it adds to the charm. Also, the smell that you smell right when you walk in the door= heaven.We eat in and get to go. Tip for to go: have a beer or a cider w/ your wait.
4	The Pasty's here are pretty much gourmet hot pockets. I had the salmon pasty with a side of spicy beans.Pros:-Great flavors with the salmon filling. Salmon was also cooked perfectly.-The dough was flaky and tender-The dill cream sauce that comes with the pasty is also great.-Car bombs are always good for brunch.Cons:-Wasn't too into the spicy beans. They were too spicy for my liking, making it unbearable to eat.
5	Delicous pasties and great beer selection! They will make vegan pasties too if you call ahead of time to order.... What more could you ask for?! I email them asking if they have vegan options and this was the response (I hope they don't mind me posting this): "Yes we can make vegan pasties with your choice of ingredients chosen from any of our vegan ingredients in the menu, or we can come up with a surprise pasty from one of our cooks...? Please just call the store of choice an hour and a half before you wish to eat." Loving this place!
4	I finally got to try CPC before an ASU football game last weekend.When we walked in there were a few other confused looking people crowded in the doorway. We were there about 15 minutes to 6 and apparently there isn't a hostess until 6. So along with the other people we fended for ourselves and my hubby and I found a table for 2. Usually dark and small places make me claustrophobic but I actually liked the atmosphere. It was like a comfy cave. And I loved the fact that I smelled curry in a pub. It took about 10 minutes to get any service. Which slightly annoyed me because if we would have gotten served earlier we would have gotten happy hour prices on our beers. But luckily the server was great. Really sweet, funny, and informative. The pasties do take awhile to be made, but that's okay because we had 32 oz beers to enjoy! They have a good, but not huge beer selection.My husband ordered the oggie which he really enjoyed. He loved the sauce it came with. I ordered the pesto veggie pasty. It was very tasty. The pasty itself it so buttery and flaky. And the filling had Quorn brand veggie chicken which is my favorite brand of vegetarian chicken. So yummy. Next time I definitely want to order a spicier one. Italian style was good but I can imagine a Mexican or Indian one being even better!Overall, worth the 20 minute trek to Tempe!
5	The place is small, great for a quick lunch and feels like you're in the city (decoration/mood). I've had the Oggie and the Royale. It has enough vegetarian choices, too. I like the Veggie Greek. My favorite is the Greek salad!! That dressing! I want the recipe. The service is always good and the drinks as well.The Mesa location, just wasn't the same. But it has a patio and it's bigger.
4	If you haven't been to the Cornish Pasty (pronounced past-tee), you have not really seen the heart of Tempe. It's a little place, not really good for groups or kiddos, but when you enter you truly fee the atmosphere shift, and guess what? Now you're part of the cool crowd. The food is so good! I love their mushy peas for a starter (although half of the time they are out) and then the Pilgrim to seal the deal. It's like a Thanksgiving party in your mouth any time of the year! All of their food is great, and this place is always busy it seems. Don't come on a Friday or Saturday night unless you like being in small spaces with a million loud drunks. Mid-afternoon is the best. The servers are usually pleasant, but some have a better-than-you hipster attitude. But hey, if you haven't been here yet, you're missing out on Tempe's best kept secret!
5	A friend in Las Vegas recommend CPC to me so I stopped in while staying the night in Phoenix. The server was super friendly, and the food was nothing short of amazing. The place had a really cool atmosphere, and I will probably eat there every time I visit Phoenix.
4	I fell in love with pasties while in england.  CPC is a little yuppified -- real pasties are served from street vendors or behind a counter to travelers about to get on a train or walk down the street.  I had a chicken-pot-pie pasty and it was delicious.I don't think I'll eat in again, but only order to go because the PLACE WAS LOUD!  Heavy metal music played loud enough that people had to shout.  The din was harsh and loud enough that I was itching just to get the hell out and away from the noise.  Forget desert.  Just get the hell out.
5	What can I say that hasn't already been said?  This is an awesome diamond in the rough and worth the trip every time.  In fact, just the mere thought has me drooling and thinking of making a trip there.  I have been to both locations - this one and the one out in Mesa.  Although the one is Mesa is closer to my house and the food the same quality, I prefer the ambiance of this one better so my husband and I always try to stop by when in the area.  I'l admit I'm not very adventurous when eating new things at times.  I find a favorite and stick to it.  I have tried about 5 different pasties but my favorites I always come back to are the Oggie and Chicken Pot Pie.  Their soups are also wonderful.  The potato leek is very hearty and filling but the Mushroom, Walnut and Spinach was a wonderful surprise.  I would never have tried it because it seemed and odd mix of flavors but I saw an episode of "Check Please AZ" where this soup was raved about so I decided to give it a try.  I am so glad I did!  The complexity of flavors was out of this world.A huge beer and a warm pasty, the casual atmosphere and aroma of the mouth watering red wine gravy all blend into a wonderful dining experience.  For the value and the quality this is a "must try" for everyone.
4	The place is small, great food and service I've had the Pilgrim and salad  and home made dressing was great! I want the recipe. The service is always good and the drinks as well.The Mesa location  we sat on the patio and it's bigger inside was a little loud.
4	Hole in the wall greatness. Sorta pricey though, but, if you're a potato fan this place will rule your soul -- and you will have no complaints.
4	If I could, I would eat here everyday.  The pasties are amazing, the beer selection is quality and the atmosphere is unique, in a great way.
3	How often do you see a pasty shop in US? I went to Cornish Pasty with a lot of expectations (since I'm a big lover of pasties). Maybe because of my high expectations, I found the pasties to be just good enough. The sticky toffee pudding was great though (again, how often do you see sticky toffee pudding on the menu!).Service staff is very nice and friendly . Food takes forever to get.
5	I love this place. They have a large assortment of pasties to choose from. A pasty is similar to a calzone, but these are of English influence. My favorite is the Gobbler- it's a Thanksgiving type dinner wrapped up in a pasty with gravy and cranberry sauce on the side. Mmmmm! Some other recommendations are the Shepard's Pie or Chicken Pot Pie. They even have vegetarian pasties. One important fact- you can't modify the ingredients. They come as they are and they are delicious!!
5	I asked my daughter where she wanted to go and have dinner. She texted me back, "Cornish Pasty". I thought that she had dropped the "r" in Pasty. I, not being of supreme intelligence, thought it was "Pastry". So, I Googled, "Cornish Pastry". The search result returned "Cornish Pasty". Still, in my supreme intellect, I thought, oh they dropped the "r" in Pasty. I clicked on the link to their site and then I realized that I, again, had been fooled by my supreme intelligence and in fact, the correct spelling was "Pasty".Now, on to the hard part. I still hadn't had my V8 moment because I didn't know that a "Pasty" was a culinary item. As I began to search the menu online, I thought to myself ( I would have thought to someone else, but no one was around) "Hey, wait a second......Pasties are a dish!!!". But, now having seen the fare (albeit electronically), I knew I would love this food.As with previous reviews the place is narrow and small. But, what they lack in structure, they make up for in ambiance, knowledge and service. I ordered the Bangers & Mash and my daughter ordered the Eggplant Parmesan. All I can say is WOW. The pasties were excellent. And, for dessert we ordered the Chocolate Bread and Butter pudding with creme anglaise. One of the best desserts I have ever had. I have truly expanded my culinary palette.
4	The only reason I give 4 stars  is because I can't bring in a big party! haha... It is that good, love the food, the drinks, and how snug it is. I brought my boyfriend here awhile back and he kinda had a confused look on his face when we walked throught the door and sat down. But as soon as he read the menu and beer list he was happy. Now I hear he likes to take his co-workers there:)If you love the "homecooked" food feel, then go there... whose home?... I don't know, not mine for sure, maybe if I had an old english grandmother I guess. Just arrive before 7 on weekends, it gets packed late into the night. Its not that big inside, so if your claustrophobic sit near the back by the door...you'll see some light:)
4	The Missus & I are traveling together this week (yay!) and stopped by the Cornish Pasty Co. for a quick dinner.  Nice English beers (and cider) on tap - kind of a dive-y ambiance.  Let's face it, we all LOVE finding an out of the way place with really good, reasonably priced food, don't we?  It just tastes better!CPC delivers on all counts.  It's kinda loud (but I liked the music, so that's OK :) and kinda dark, but that's OK too.  Pasties are English pies miners would take to work for their lunch.  The Missus had the Shepherds Pie pasty (she had the ground beef, but lamb is an option, as it should be) and I had the Indian curry pasty - two big hits!  The pie is crusty, golden brown and delicious outside, nice and delicate inside.  Fillings are yummy, service was great!  The House Special pasty has rutabagas in it, which I despise, and the friendly server was most apologetic that they couldn't take them out, but said if I called ahead they would be glad to remove the offending root veggies with some advance notice - nice of them to offer to accommodate my distaste for root vegetables in general (and rutabagas in particular).In summary: great, interesting food, friendly service, reasonable priced - we'll be back and I recommend you stop by as well, and see what this whole pasty thing is all about!
4	Great place and nice staff... Delicious food and variety .. definitely we'll be back
5	I have now eaten at this place over a dozen times, and it's still five stars to me. Never ordered anything I didn't love. Amazing they can do that from their tiny little kitchen. I'm currently having an affair with their Greek pasty--in both vegetarian and non-vegetarian forms, it's amazing. Their tzatziki sauce is out of this world--and I don't usually like yogurt-based sauces. In fact, I can't think of a yogurt sauce I do like! Other tzatzikis fall flat in comparison. This one is great! We love the Italian, Cajun, Oggie, Greek, steak... oh, and do NOT forget the sticky toffee pudding for dessert! OM NOM NOM.
5	13 minutes, start to finish, during the lunch rush, no less!I visited for the first time a few days ago, and let's just say it's not a good thing for my BMI that my office is less than a mile from here.Plenty of vegetarian and vegan (!) options.  As a insanely and annoying picky quasi-vegetarian, I'd like to see more vegetarian options withOUT faux meats.  But, perhaps as I make my way down to that section of the veg options, I'll change my mind.The place seems a bit more cozy (aka cramped) than I usually care for, but I'll be back for take-out and eat-in for the food and service alone.Tip: there are two entrances. I came in the west side door and couldn't really figure out where I was supposed to order.  Make your way to near the end of the bar and you'll be at the register for take-out.
5	Love this place! food is excellent and they have good beer.
5	This was the first restaurant I became a regular at when I moved to Phoenix 3 years ago. I love this place, my heart will always have it. Everything, and I mean everything on the menu is great. From the garlic mashed potatoes with cheese, to the vegetarian pasties to the P,B, and J pasty, it's all great. The employees are all helpful and extremely nice. A perk for me, is that I get to sit at the bar and watch my food get prepared. I love that. Great for lunch and especially great to pre-party before going out on Mill.
5	Inexpensive, incredible and the food is out of this world. Didn't expect this from a hole in the wall in Tempe! Cornish Pasty Company is a place you MUST visit if you are in the surrounding area. Not only is the food delicious, but the atmosphere puts you right into the heart of Eurpoe. A must have are the garlic "chips" which are actually thick french fries.
5	Excuse me. How in the world have I lived walking distance from Cornish Pasty Company for over a month and have only barely heard of this gem?! Thats what I want to know.A friend introduced us to Cornish Pasty saying it is "the best restaurant ever". I best give it a try then right? The Tempe location is smaller than the Mesa location but I LOVE its vibe. A small narrow walking space between people sitting at a counter behind the kitchen and people sitting at teeny tiny tables, dim lit lighting and candles and for the most part, pretty good music. My man and I ordered the Mexican Pasty and the Rosemary Chicken Pasty. They were unbelievable! SO GOOD. The Mexican Pasty was definitely the better of the two but I'd order both of them again any day. A little heavy dinner action to make a girl feel full and happy. I respect restaurants that have a plethora of vegetarian options. What generation are you living in if you don't offer veggie options these days? Get with the program all you other restaurants. You know who you are! I loved the entire experience and can't wait for our next trip.
5	Curl up in this cozy, (and by cozy I mean totally and utterly tiny) dark pub with friends, a boddington and a Cornish pasty, preferably of the "thanksgiving dinner" variety. There are of course other amazing Cornish pasty flavors which my Phoenix mates have raved about, which I've yet to try, mainly due to the fact that I live in Los Angeles. I trust their tastes though, so you can believe that everything on the menu is definitely worth a go. The atmosphere takes you right out of the States and puts you smack dab in the middle of London on a misty summer night. A tasty way to stay-cation. Cheers!
4	Never really eaten at a place like this, but it was actually very good. Environment was really lively and loud. Went here on the weekend so it was very busy. Very small place so with a lot of people there isn't much room to move around. Also there is only two bathrooms, so there was a little bit of a line to use it. Prices were fair for the amount of food you get. Overall a fun place to hang out and eat.
5	I've visited four or five times now, and each time have been glad that I did. Yes, it's loud. It's dark. The lights flicker. And the claustrophobic should think twice. Combined with consistently phenomenal food, these are all aesthetically compelling reasons to absolutely love this place. I generally stick to the vegetarian menu; last night I tried the eggplant parmesan, which was incredibly satisfying. And they do have some rather decent beer on tap. The staff are friendly and accommodating: even the bus-boy was upbeat and helpful as we navigated their dense menu.It's a pain in the ass to get a table (as it should be), so choose your one best friend and sit at the bar.Do it.
4	The Cornish Pasty on University is very small place. There is more room and outdoor seating at the one in Mesa which is a little farther but worth it also. They have great Pasty's!!! They are truely gourmet hot pockets! YUM!
5	Been going to their Tempe location for years and always look forward to it. My favorite is the Veggie Pesto. I have also tried their Mesa location, much larger and could easily handle a big group. Customer service is great. If you are looking for fast food this is not it. Whenever I visit the area I like to pick up a cold pasty wrap it with ice packs and put it in my luggage to share with those back home; ten minutes in the oven and it's a beautiful meal.
5	Well I am from England and I think this place is totally awesome. Yes it`s cramped tiny and hot. But the pasties make it up for it.Absolutely great, and I`m English and I should know.Don`t tell your friends though because this place is busy enough alreadyand it`s often hard to get a table, and I want to make sure I can get in.
1	Sorry Cornish!  You have a good thing going it seems but need some polishing/cleaning.  The place was doing a really brisk carryout business while we were there.  Very friendly and eclectic staff.  Good beer selection too.The pasties were tasty but the temperature of the filling when reheated was not consistent - some hot spots, some cool spots.  I worry that this could be a recipe for food illness.The star killer came just as we were getting ready to leave.  A small roach came crawling out onto the bar in front of us.  GGGAAAAHHHHDDDD.
5	Oh i love thee cornish pasty!!!! Seriously so good! I love the vibe and atmostphere of this place, I know its super hipster and trendy but it's a nice place to eat and experience a delicious meal!!!!
4	The food is really, really tasty. I got the Pilgrim, because I love Thanksgiving dinner, and it did not disappoint. The cranberry sauce for dipping was a perfect touch. And it was super filling. When ordering, the waitress told us it didn't come with any sides - we thought it was kind of weird, so two of our group ordered some fries for the side. As it turned out, the pasty was deceptively small looking and was actually incredibly hearty. I could barely finish it and I had hardly any of the fries. Sides really aren't necessary!The major downside, and the reason for 4 stars, is the rather uncomfortable interior. I don't really mind that it's dark or grungy, but my main complaint was how loud it was. The music was so loud, my dinner mates and I could barely carry on a conversation since we had to basically shout to be heard. I suppose if you're drinking and being loud anyway it's not too bad, but otherwise it's not the best place to actually eat there. In the future I'll stick to take out.
5	Never had a pasty before coming here. I'm a HUGE fan, now.Girlfriend had the Shepard's Pie (with lamb) pasty and I went with the Oggie pasty. We started off with an order of Mushy Peas. For dessert, we had the Apple Cinnamon Pasty and Chocolate Bread & Butter Pudding.Everything we had was so delicious! My girlfriend said it looked like I was having a food-gasm. (I think I was) The pudding ... oh, my ... the best I've ever had.The food here is OUTSTANDING. The beer is nice and cold. The service is great. The atmosphere is perfect for a British Pub. What more could you ask for?
4	Oggie, oh Oggie, how do I love thee. Savory, warm and filling, perfectly good with or without the wine gravy. And the chips, just plain, no garlic or cheese, my gods... simple, potato-y perfection. I suppose I'll one day be adventurous and sample the other styles, but for now, Oggie is all I need. That, and a lack of hipsters and overly loud music.
5	Hole in the wall and a must-know amongst Sun Devils.  This place serves up pasties which are essentially the original hot pocket.  They have a wide variety of them from vegetarian to carnivore and none of them will disappoint.  Great place to meet up with a date or a couple friends if you're looking for a good bite and a couple drinks.
5	Incredible food , Great staff , atmosphere , all around a pleasurable experience. Tell your friends one of Tempe's Greatest restaurants.  Its worth the trip.... Thanks Dean !!!!
5	After multiple visits and having tried their other offerings, I'm upgrading my rating of Cornish Pasty Co to five stars. Last night it turned out my eyes were bigger than my stomach and I couldn't even touch dessert (the very appropriately named strawberry pavlova) until this morning; a Porky and mushy peas was all I needed for 12 hours straight.My new life goal is to eat one of everything Cornish Pasty makes. I might die in the process, but I'll die happy.
5	When I was still living in Tempe area. I never had a pasty before until my friend introduce me to this place. It definitely was an experience and the food was amazing. The place is always pack and has a very diverse crowd. I normally sit at the bar to see how the pasties were being made but then again they seem to be the only available seats when I go. The beer selections were great. I either get a strongbow or hoegaarden (both of which are my favorites). I've only had the oggie and lamb mint pasty. Lamb mint was by far my favorite and I'd always get that one. The lamb was cook just right, tender and still juicy. To top it off the red wine gravy was amazing! Now that I don't live in Az anymore I'm craving for it! Out searching here in NorCal and the bay area for a good place that serves pasty! I would definitely recommend this place.
3	It was a nice change from the same old takeout we have to choose from in Az. I was really excited at first, because they have a Reuban, my fav sandwich ever. The fact that they delivered to me, being a good hike from here was an added bonus.It was good, a bit overpriced for what you get. The bread was slightly too thick. It's the type of place I'd order from maybe twice a year if that. Staff was very nice though
4	As a Brit a long way from home, I couldn't believe it when my friend took me to this little gem hidden away in a random Tempe stripmall. The dark grungy decor and Hipster clientele seemed straight out of Capitol Hill in Seattle! I had the original Cornish pasty, like what pasties are in the UK. Though the pasty menu is extensive and creative with lots of veggie options too.  It was fantastic!  Succulent steak chunks and vegetables wrapped up in the delicious pastry crust. Very authentic!  Also had the mushy peas, true British chippy style. For dessert I had to have the sticky toffee pudding as that's my all time favourite 'afters' from home. It arrived in its own black cauldron with a side of creme anglaise. Absolutely amazing! The sweet gooey toffee inside was perfectly warm and runny. My friend and I quickly inhaled the whole thing in a few spoonfuls. Overall it was a great dining experience here. Lots of beer choices too. I shall be back!
5	Good stuff!
5	This is probably where the 7 dwarves would come after their day of work.....English comfort food!!I have a friend who loves this place, and I FINALLY made it in......so glad I did, I really didn't quite understand her description of what a pasty is, but, now I do! It's like the English version of an empanada, or like a gourmet hot pocket, haha! (ok, it really doesn't compare to a hot pocket, I'm sorry, I'm just trying to think of a good word picture!)So, they have a million different filling options...it seems what is available on the menu might vary depending on what is fresh (LOVE food made to order that's FRESH!) The best part about this place is that they have VEGAN OPTIONS! woo hoo!!! I'm adding this place to my dairy-safe zone! I had the vegan philly cheese steak pasty, it was very good! They really do make it fresh, mine was piping hot....for the "steak" they used mushrooms, and whatever kind of sauce they used for the "cheese" was quite savory. When you order your pasty, they give you some different sauce-on-the-side options (apparently you eat pasty with sauce?) Anyways, the marinara was really good and really complemented my pasty. (a beer would have worked really well with it too.... oh well, next time!)My husband had the oggie and thoroughly enjoyed it was well. These things are big, by the way! If you have trouble filling up, you'll be really happy with this place! And if you don't, you'll have two meals for the day for only around 10 bucks! Not bad, right?!Can't wait to come back here! Btw, this location is designed to look like inside a mine (read the menu for the background story on pasties) If you are claustrophobic, just sit towards the back, there is a nice big window back there. Otherwise, it is a bit dark and narrow in there, but still comfortable.
5	amazing!!!!
3	We went to The Cornish Pasty Co. yesterday (Sunday) around 1:00pm and it was packed. Granted, the place is tiny, so it doesn't take many people to fill the restaurant. We waited a few minutes and were able to get two chairs at the bar. If you're sitting at the bar, you're essentially in the open kitchen as well. Like I said, it's very small! We had an awkward few minutes at the bar (sitting in front of people's empty plates), but someone finally gave us menus. We ordered draft beer - Rogue Hazelnut Brown, which happens to be one of our favorites. I've never seen it on tap before, so we were pretty excited to try it. It did not disappoint! We ordered our pasties; I had the bangers and mash and my husband had the chicken tikka masala. I think we'd agree that they were both good, but nothing mind-blowing.  My husband is from England and thought the sausages didn't taste authentic. They were extremely sage-y and a bit tough. I was a bit disappointed that the "mash" was really just chunks of potatoes. The red wine gravy served on the side was good. I think it was a bit pricey for what we got - two pasties and two beers for $28. I wouldn't make a special trip to Tempe to have it again.
4	When you walk in, the mining theme is hard to ignore. There's a long bar on the left, a long row of tables on the right, the decor is black, and the photos are all of early 20th century Cornish miners hard at work. It felt a bit like dining in a mineshaft, which seems to be the place to munch on Cornish Pasties.We stopped by here on our way out of Phoenix back to CA, lured by the proximity to our hotel and the good reviews.  The pasties are substantial - my wife only finished half of hers. There's a variety of fillings - I had the bangers and mash, my wife an Indian curry. Both were tasty if a bit salty. We stayed full most of the trip back to the coast.  The server was friendly and efficient; our drinks never reached bottom before being refilled.We'll likely come back next time we're in town.
4	I haven't had a chance to eat in yet but I did get to try their tikka masala chicken salad and it was good. We got it for a work meeting. I loved the dressing with it but the salad was somewhat lacking. The chicken was great but the veggies in the salad weren't as plentiful as I had hoped. Everyone else's food looked great and it made me wish I could have a pasty (dang gluten!). I would suggest checking this place out as it has probably the only English food I've seen in Tempe.
5	This place is PERFECT!  The menu is rather unique and there's something to suit everyone's taste.  They have a pasty for everyone: from traditional savory options to sweet PB&J offerings, anyone can find something to love!  My favorite: the "indian" inspired options, like the lamb vindaloo.The only thing I would change would be the fires - they were a bit undercooked.Still, this is an exciting and delicious experience, and surely one of the best places the valley has to offer.  Top it of with reasonable prices and a good beer selection, and you've got a winner!
4	I am not as enthusiastic about the Cornish Pasty Company as some, but if you are looking for this type of place to eat, you will probably enjoy the experience.A Pasty is basically a turnover; at Cornish Pasty Company, it is a very big turnover.  One is a meal.  Here they precook them until they are almost done, then finish them when you order.  This process introduces a drying effect that detracts from the product.  They do serve a sauce with each pasty, and as the sauces we tried were quite good, you can use the sauce to counteract the dryness. When all is said and done, the pastys are tasty.  But not knock-your-socks-off great.The atmosphere at Cornish Pasty Company is cramped and noisy.  It seems more like a college hangout than a restaurant, and this is not surprising because it is a college hangout, but one where the quality of the food has attracted a wider clientele.  If you like this kind of atmosphere, you will be right at home at one of the few small tables or at the bar.  I prefer the bar.Prices are low (typically about $9 for a pasty), considering the size of the meal.Hints:1.  It is always crowded.  Try to come at an off hour, like 4:30 on a weekday.2.  Skip the very average salads and the oven chips (dry, tasteless), and probably the other appetisers.  Just get a pasty.  If you are an abnormally big eater, follow it up with a dessert pasty.3.  It is a bit hard to find.  Turn North on Hardy from University to find the Cornish Pasty Company in a small shopping center hidden by a large gas station.
5	Finally ate here last night after wanting to forever! Got the shepherd's pie pasty and it was so good. Gravy on the side was a perfect addition. Very filling too. As always, the place was pretty crowded but we were seated quickly and I really liked our server. I would definitely go back- and hopefully soon!
5	This place is awesome. A cornish pasty is like a big calzone stuffed with whatever you choose. They have many choices and all regular choices are also available as vegetarian entrees. These are HUGE so come hungry! Their tomato soup is also good but I would definitely stick to a pasty if you want a delicious meal.The place is pretty divey but in a really great way. I have also heard they are expanding so those of you who have complained about their cramped quarters may find some reprieve soon. Personally, I like the small dark divey feel.They also serve Rogue beer which is delicious if you haven't tried it. I like this place so much I eat there whenever I am in the area, which has prevented me from trying many other places nearby but I cant seem to bring myself not to go to Cornish as it is so good every time.Highly recommend it if you are in the area.
5	What a pleasant surprise.  Best Cornish Pasty I have had outside of Cornwall.  A hole in the wall place in Tempe that looks like a British pub inside.  Good to go into a dark spot in the heat of the desert.  It's very good.
5	Cornish Pasty Company, I hate you!  You are only located in frickin Arizona, and I can't get my fix because I'm in San Francisco!   My husband and I ate a Pasty at practically every meal when I was in Arizona for a convention so we got to try a LOT of the flavors there.  Please please please consider opening a shop in the San Francisco Bay Area.  I'll get a little rounder, but hey - happy fat is alllllllll good.
4	What the...? A Cornish pasty place in Tempe, AZ? I've had a hankering for a pasty for quite some time and thought I'd have to wait until my next trip to the upper Midwest. For starters, I like the menu here. Places that do one thing and do it well rate highly with me, and this place does pasties. There are about a dozen different kinds of pasties on the menu ranging from traditional (beef & potatoes or chicken pot pie) to unusual (salmon or Mexican), for example. The pasties are pre-made and warmed up to order and come with sauces. The red wine gravy I tried was very good. There are a few side dishes like chips, slaw, and beans, and some good looking desserts. (I can't say how they tasted; I had a second Strongbow for dessert.) They have several beers on draft and some bottles, too. I thought the portion size was decent, but certainly not huge, and the prices fair, especially considering the next nearest pasty place is probably hundreds or thousands of miles away (aside from the CPC's other location, obviously). The pasty seemed authentic and pretty consistent with what I grew up with, but it was a bit salty and a bit dry, though the gravy helped. The flavors were good, though, and I enjoyed my Oggie (their main beef pasty). The place is small, dark, and divey. There's a single row of tables mostly two-tops along one wall and about a dozen seats at the bar. Dark clothes, visible body piercings, and tattoos seem to be a prerequisite for employment at this place. I got the sense that this place turned into a heavy-metal bar in the evenings, though I could be wrong. I certainly enjoyed the Queen playing when I got there, and the two guys that waited on me at the bar were friendly, cool guys, and the service was efficient. This is a place I'll visit whenever I'm in town. There's just nothing like it outside of England and the upper Midwest.
5	We came here for lunch and were a little leery when we first walked in. I had the cream of leek soup, my mother had the sausage salad, and my aunt had the Greek salad and we were all very impressed. We took a bangers and mash pasty to go, but we are so full, that it'll be awhile before we can try it. The service was a little slow, but the quality of food and atmosphere made up for the inconvenience.
5	I think I'm in love.My friends have been telling me about this place for months and I haven't had the opportunity to try it. Yesterday I finally did and my tummy has never been happier.I love the ambiance of the place. It's very small, though they are working on an extension. The employees are all tattooed and rugged, which made me feel right at home. Motorhead, System of the Down, and other older rock and roll and metal music pumped through the speakers, making my ears nearly as happy as my stomach.They have an extensive beer collection with different options from all over the world.I had the portobello chicken pasty, and it was wonderful. The insides were so delicious and the crust was decadent. It was a lot of food, but I was determined to finish it.I've heard this place gets super busy at peak hours and I'm not surprised. I am already looking forward to going back and trying another one of their delicious concoctions.You can also buy their pasties uncooked so you can make them at home!
5	I guarantee that you will return. Great food!
4	Ordered two pastys as takout.  One was Lamb & Mint.  The other was Chicken Tikka Masala.  It appears to be a typical kind of bar and pub.  The pastys were very flavorful, but a bit heavy.  I guess this is what a pasty is.  My wife and I thought the pastys were quite good, and the staff was very knowledgeable.
4	Awesome food and desserts
1	Ive been here multiple times and love their food. Living in california i come here at least once a month. Any foodie knows there is more to a restaurant experience than a great product. An amazing restaurant has three basics covered:1) customer service 2) great food offerings 3) an overall great experience. This place lacks customer service which kills the experience. I stood there on a packed Tuesday and saw 3-5 different employees walk by with no acknowledgement that I existed. No eye contact, no greeting, no words at all! After 10 mins and a line out the door I left irritated and ticked. I sympathize with the youth movement and the college atmosphere this place has, however customer service needs to be emphasized to the men and women working the floor. They are the face of your store and if this trend continues, eventually customers will get fed up and go elsewhere. If I am an owner I would be pissed if this negative behavior was going on in my business. The business acumen is very important and should be a learning tool to teach the college kids the important lessons which can be applied to all different job titles. The staff I saw working tonight looked lazy and tired. Maybe due to the high temperature of the restaurant however with poor customer service and lack of a face in the entrance greeting me with a smile and a friendly greeting, it leaves me feeling like you don't want my money and you don't care enough about your customers standing around. Eventually the attitude of we have a superior product that ppl pay for and they not have to worry about customer service will come back to bite them in the butt.Areas for improvementThe waiters should be focused on turning tables and getting the checks as soon as the dessert is finished as opposed to walking around with their heads cut off. More tables being turned equates to more tips. I saw 4-6 tables sitting talking on their phone when they could have been served their checks or ordered more food. My avg time from start to finish was between 90-120 mins! You cut my time in the restaurant to 60 mins with efficient service and food running from the kitchen this place could double its profits and increase tips. They need someone to work the front and greet the customers and let them know they are wanted, appreciated and they want to provide me with a great meal! Drinks out in under 5 mins from order (I waited 20 mins and she forgot about my 2nd beer later in the evening and I had to remind her so 30 mins for a pint of beer...total wait time for 2 drinks: 50 minsNotification on food times (depends on who is working) Challenge your servers to turn tables faster Servers need to be smiling and social
5	So good!!! My kids loved the burger and bangers n mash pasties.  The tiki masala was awesome and so was the classic and Greek... Casual little place... Super good!
4	Ordered the Rosemary Chicken for my first Pasty experience. I was really impressed. Filling, tasty, and unique. A few hiccups, the drafts were not in working order. I do believe they may be epanding this location because it's rather small. The other bottle beer my table ordered, they were out of too. One other side note, there are NO substitutions. You get what you get and you don't throw a fit!  I'm not an onion fan at all, so my choices were pretty limited, but as I stated up top, the ROSEMARY CHICKEN did the trick for me!
4	Went in after a day of shopping with my mother. We walked into the bar side and decided we wanted to sit in the pew benches on the restaurant side instead. We ordered waters and sodas while munching on a side of chips. My mom got the chicken pot pie and loved the crust and the moist chicken. I got the Meat and Cheese. Although I wish the cheese was a bit more melty the sage pork sausage was great. The dipping gravy tasted of beer. Great addition. The music was fun and the bartender dancing to the music was fun. Great lunch! Will go again when I'm in Tempe. Another plus: enough for left overs!
4	This is the type of place you want to keep coming back and trying other "Pasties" this has only been the second time I've been but will go back the first time I had the "Cajun Chicken" it was great this time I had the "Rosemary Chicken" and it was just ok not enough flavor and a little dry but it still was good and it didn't turn me of from this place at all. I will be back soon
5	I had no idea what a "pasty" was before coming here, and I was actually a little wary of trying something that sounded like nipple coverings.  Thankfully, Cornish Pasty is lacking tassels and the like, simply serving up deliciously magical pockets filled with wonderful themed concoctions.  My personal favorite is the reuben, where the pastrami and corned beef is tender, juicy and chewy at the same time, the buttery crust is perfectly flaky, and the 1000 Island dressing is something I enjoy smothering everything in.  I don't know that I've had a reuben in the valley that's comparable to how amazing this pasty is.  And the oven chips?  Forget about it!  Not that you need a side with the size of the pasties...Oh, the Apple Caramel Pasty is also pretty top notch for dessert - warm and gooey.Their craft beer selection is also admirable, with a few local drafts (including Four Peaks and Oak Creek) and plenty of English-themed brews and English IPAs.  Full disclosure: as a beer geek, I only wish they didn't serve the beer in a frosted glass...it kinda affects the flavor.  Besides that, there is nothing I can complain about, especially since they recently expanded into the building next door, thus gaining about 5X the seating and space.  Much more comfortable, less claustrophobic, and easier to get around.
3	good food, different - never would of thought there was an english flavor in Phoenix!
3	I hoped for more from Cornish Pasty Co.  I ordered the Rosemary Chicken (pictured) and while the chicken was pleasantly moist, there was absolutely NO hint of rosemary.  The peppers were fine, but the entire pasty was overpowered by the taste of vinegar the peppers were soaked in.  :(I also ordered a half-baked Oggie (pictured) to go for a friend and am told it largely tasted like a pot pie.  I guess that's fine of that's what you're looking for, but the only flavor stand out seemed to be the wine-flavored gravy.The dining room near the entrance was rather small, but it seems they're expanding into the space next door to create a second, larger dining room and second bar (pictured.)  It's unclear if they intend to continue remodeling or of it's complete, but it currently has a combination of very dated details as well as newer, more modern ones.  The second dining room is filled with old church pews for seating which I have mixed feelings about.  I'm happy to see they've been re-purposed, but can't help but wonder how many funerals they've "seen."  It's slightly creepy while trying to eat.The sever was nice enough, but I have a pet peeve about restaurant cleanliness.  It was rather slow and the server amused himself between visits to the table by playing darts with another patron.  I could care less how he spends his down time, but would have appreciated seeing him wash his hands after touching the same darts other people have used.  Who knows where THEIR hands have been???If I ever pay CPC another visit, I think I'll skip the entree and try dessert, instead.  Or better yet, skip the dessert and plunk down $3 for a Happy Hour Car Bomb and hope they offer free WiFi by then.  Hopefully, the bartender's hands will be clean.
5	I've been going here for years!! Sooo good!! Cajun is a must... Hands down!! Super flavorful and the chipotle sauce it comes with is awesome. Warning:  if you try the Cajun, every other one you try (although still delicious) makes you wish you had gotten the Cajun.
5	I have been going to the Cornish Pasty Co since they opened, years and years ago. When they were still serving your pasty in a basket, cheap tables and chairs, no liquor license, you always saw the owner there working and the menu was so short. Oh, how its grown, and I love it even more now. The new expansion is awesome! The beer they have on tap is fantastic, the staff is always welcoming and friendly! They've done such a great job. I recommend this place to everyone and I try to visit at least every couple months or so. Every time someone visits from out of town, I make sure to bring them there. If someone has never heard of it before, I tell them all about it. Many people have been pleased by going after I tell them about it! I've never heard any complaints. I only have 1 of my own, and its never stopped me from returning. I had one bad pasty, too much garlic. I can't say how many times I've visited, but its always been a very enjoyable experience. I will keep returning, keep talking them up and still bring in new visitors with me!! I love the Royale with Cheese, Cajun Chicken, Chicken Alfredo is my favorite, Pesto Chicken and Rosemary Chicken. I always want to try new ones, but I love getting the ones I know I already love! Oh, and you must try the banoffee pie! I'm not a sweets or dessert person, but oh my, it is to die for!
5	Love love this place. casual and great food. I go there after a hard hike then beers and Salmon pasty taste like heaven! I wasn't familar with pasty but it's like great empanada and I love it!
4	What a gem of a place, entirely unique to Phoenix and one of a kind. The pasties are soooooo good! I felt like i was in Germany being served authentic food. I had the chipotle pastie and ate so much that I was way too full. I only do that when I really like something. Highly recommend! Ps I'm picky too
4	Out of both locations, this CP is the most intimate and cozy. I always sit at the bar, order a beer and watch the guys behind the counter do their thing. The PASTY, not PASTRY are really good for the most part. Stick to the classics like Shepard's Pie. Any of the other food styles (Italian, Mexican etc) aren't as good. Their soups are also delicious.
5	The help was amazing, the food was delicious, they have Anchor Steam beer! I am making this at least a once a week place for lunch.
4	I have been to Cornish Pasty multiple times, but was compelled to write after going in this last time. Things just got THAT much better at Pasty with the opening of their additional dining room. The lack of seating was my only previous complaint, and I look forward to being able to bring large groups there.They have a helpful staff, and I enjoy the Chicken Pot Pie pasty the most. ALSO--get the banoffee pie and add ice cream. INSANE.
4	This was my first time here since they expanded. The food was great as always and the service first rate, but now you can actually find a seat. They've done a great job on the expansion. They still maintained the old section but now have an additional bar section and large seating area on the other side. It's dark inside and the music is cranking, great atmosphere in my opinion. If you haven't been there in a while it's worth checking out again. A great location for happy hour as well. I would go back just for the Sonoran White Chocolate Ale.
5	Great food,  great beer selection. I love this place
5	Went back this afternoon to enjoy happy hour with my coworkers. We had a great time and I enjoyed more of the Sonoran White Chocolate Ale. The waitress was very nice, offered to provide us with separate checks and even took our picture for us.I loved the music, nothing better then Led Zepplin, Buffalo Springfield, and all the other great 70's tunes they were playing.The best part is getting dinner to go and enjoying pasties at home.
4	It was my first visit.  All my co workers have been talking  about this place....with that said,  ..........walking up to this establishment is not impressive.  Please do not take a 1st date here.  All I have heard is about the expansion..and thank goodness!! This place is dark, the staff look like they are all on tour of some skating boarding ESPN tour  in town.BUT!!!!The staff  (who look like skateboarders) were great!  Each one of them so friendly, polite and very attentive. Beer selection-par none...excellent selection on tab.  The expansion section is inviting for large groups...which was perfect for our work HH.MENU- as my friend would say......UNBELIEVABLE!I took home a Carne Asada concoction and it was sooooo good.  The calzone idea is great! When you can come up with creative stuffing you can't go wrong.  Ambiance 3 ..too dark for me Staff  5+ -very friendly, attentive & politeFood 5+- the calzone spin -UNBELIEVABLE...so good.  even take home.Beer 5 -great selection on tab......can't get that everywhere.
5	LOVE this restaurant. The food is great (especially the cajun) and great selection of beers! Glad they expanded so there is no more wait, but I love the atmosphere of the original dark cramped restaurant.
2	I hate giving this place two stars, but the service has always been inconsistent. I've been coming here since 2006, and the food has always been excellent. Service has been spotty though; during my most recent visit our server blew off two of our drink orders and I had to order from the bar myself. Honestly if they would hire some frumpy old veteran servers then I bet everything would improve ten fold. Anyone else ever had this problem?
5	All I can really say is WOW!  I absolutely love this place... The Carne Adovada is by far my favorite, and a close second is the Spicy Asiago chicken.  The service is always great, and the renovations they've made to the joint are wonderful - it's really a very pleasant place to visit.
4	my friend recommended this place to me because I mentioned I was going to AZ for a work trip.  I was with my big bosses and some other coworkers and we all went to eat here for a quick bite and drink before catching our flights.. My friend made a great rec because all of my coworkers had a good time and I got the credit for picking the location :PWe tried three different pasties and all three were delicious. Can't recall the actual names of them.. .one was the curry based one, the other was the thanksgiving one.. and the final one was one with the gravy sauce.. everyone loved each one and we just shared a whole bunch family styleAnother plus about this place is their collection of beers .. mm... i'm not the biggest fan of beers but the beer that the bartender recommended to me was really good.... if i'm in AZ again I'll probably wanna stop here again for sure
5	Love it, love it, love it!!!! Just.... not the space. SO small and always packed results in either a long wait or us leaving to find a different place to eat. However, the food and service is always excellent. If you've never had a pasty before, you need to go and try one. They are very filling and every different kind I've tried, has been excellent. If you don't know what it is, think of it as like a larger, tastier & fresher hot pocket. I normally stick with "The Oggie", "Bangers & Mash" or "Cottage Pie". All 3 are excellent. I also request an extra side of their red wine gravy. Its amazing!Don't be scared off when you walk in to find dark walls, dim light and rock music playing. Nor the servers & chef's with tattoos and piercings... because you could easily miss out on one hell of a meal.(I'd like to add that if you want to avoid the small, dark space with limited seating, you can always try out their other location off Dobson & Guadalupe).
5	I found Cornish Pasty via yelp about 2 years ago while visiting Phoenix area for work.  It made such an impression on me,I keep hoping i get to go back to try more variations on the pasties.  We had so much fun with beer and music also last time that i hope the expansion didn't get rid of the hole in the wall feeling.  Anyway my coworkers are placing orders for me to bring back pasties for them.  I don't know how i'm gonna fly with those, but we'll see.   It's probably gonna be  110 plus or minus, but the fact that with of all the great places in phoenix im still drooling about this one means i gotta give it a 5.
4	I agree that the service is a hit or miss, but the food itself does justice. The Shepherd's Pie and the Italian should not be missed. I've done take out here a few times and the food is just as good eaten at home as when you eat it at the restaurant. Solid 4 stars from me for their limited, but specialized menu!
4	First time there, not a bad experience at all.Sat at the small bar, ordered a couple of 20 oz lagers and a steak pasty.My server was very enthusiastic and helpful, the atmosphere casual, the music loud and therefore the conversations had to be heard over the music, so it just kept getting louder.My beers were great, the pasty came out hot & delicious. I could tell that they really do you use the finest of ingredients. The crust was definitely the way it should be, flaky & crumbly at the same time.Though at $9.00 each they'd be better be worth, it, right? I would say yes for the most part, I wouldn't go there every day but a definite once in a while yes.
5	Excellent food, cool venue.  Had the Greek pasty, crust was baked perfect, fillings fresh and flavorful.  Side of cheese broccoli and cauliflower - again baked perfectly, perfect blend of cheese, breadcrumbs and sauce.  The Chocolate bread and butter pudding with anglaise was a phenomenal dessert to end with.
3	Since my last review in 2008 I have probably been here 20+ times. The food is always top notch, but I have to say since the recent expansion the service has really suffered. On each of my last 3 visits it has taken over an hour to get my food. I am patient (especially when the food is so delicious) but the lack of concern from the servers is a bit much. Last time I came in I ordered the tikka masala salad, now I know they may be busy, but over an hour for a salad is pretty poor service. The time before that I was served a cold pasty and you could tell it had sat for quite a while before making it to my table. Each time I pointed these things out and was met with blank stares or a passive "we're working on it."I think I will wait a couple of months before returning so they work out the kinks in their service. I still love the food, but I don't usually have 2 hours for lunch.
4	This is one of my favorite, unique restos in the Phoenix area.What is a pasty? Think about is as an empanada. If you don't know what that is then think about as...[moan]...a Hot Pocket.As far as the pasties go, the Lamb Vindaloo is my favorite. I've also tried The Chicken Greek (least favorite), Chicken Tikka Masala, Lovely Bit a Salmon, and the Peppered Steak. They also have a good selection of vegetarian pasties even though I have yet to try them.This place has expanded and added a lot more space on the other side, but, in my opinion, lost a bit of charm. Something about being uncomfortably hot near the ovens on a summer day in a somewhat cramped setting equals pure character, and I do miss it. Unless I'm hungry.The staff is laid-back and pretty cool reminding me of dives in Austin, Charlotte, and Philly.If you want, you can get the pasties half-baked so you can take them home and pop them in a 425-degree oven for 15-20 minutes. But why deprive yourself the experience of enjoying it here?
4	Good food... Great service... Small place though
3	Dark & dink, among the whispers and the music lies the CPC! -- Don Don Da....!Halloween comes and it goes, but not the CPC. First thought was how dark and weird this place was when I first walked up and opened the doors!  What is this a vampire joint!?  Why so dark!?  I guess the sun will melt away the patrons.I've heard about the meat pies of the CPC and finally made my way here.  I ordered The Oggie - The Traditional Pasty.  Not bad and very good to say, but I do recommend having it during the winter months.  It's pretty hot during the summer here in PHX if you haven't notice.  I would say the CPC is a seasonal restaurant and perfect during the cooler months.  Unless you need your meat pie fix!Service was good overall and quick.  Needless to say they had more employees that day then Vampires. - Enjoy!
4	Just fantastic. I first went to Cornish Pasty in 05' a few months after they opened and fell in love immediately. Although a few things have changed over the years each one is usually an improvement and never a negative. If you are not familiar, a pasty is a traditional British coal miners food.  A hearty filling wrapped in a pie crust and baked. Kind of a hand-held meat pie. Cornish Pasty Co. has taken this simple and traditional dish and meticulously perfected each component. Their crusts are some how simultaneously hearty and flaky. Although their is nothing delicate about their seasoning it is never out of balance and all of the ingredients are always quality. Beyond just mastering the finer details of pasty science, Cornish Pasty Co. has also branched off into wild and exotic flavors. It's no shocker that the British know Indian food and it shows with the tika masala and the lamb vindaloo pasties. What is shocking is the refinement of the Greek and Italian inspired pasties. Perhaps my favorite pasty, from the cuisine most elusive to the British, is the Carne Avadado. This is a Mexican inspired pasty that will satisfy even the most snobby Las Cruses/El Paso foodie. If you have ever talked Mexican food with one you will know just what I mean. I have eaten nearly every item on the menu and not a one disappoints. It took me ages to get past the pasties and start ordering soups and salads. Now that I have had the spinach, mushroom, walnut soup, it is difficult to save room for my old favorites. Although the mine shaft inspired interior is dark and cramped I have never felt uncomfortable there. The sound system is usually bumping classic rock and the employees are pierced and tattooed well beyond your typical wait staff, but everyone is friendly and service is typically good.If I have to list a negative the only one I can think of is the food is consistently just a little better at the University location than the Dobson one.  No clue why, but everyone I've talk to seems to agree, the Tempe store has the edge on quality.  After you add a respectable selection of beers the only reason you won't be here every night is your waist line.Edit (4/30/2014):Food's still good... but...  The service has gone down hill. What was once a staff of edgy, unquiet, and skilled individuals. They are now mostly pretentious hipsters, with a bad attitude and below standard skills at basic service.
5	This is probably my favorite restaurant... ever. It's not the cutest place I've ever seen, not the friendliest staff I've ever met, but my god... they know how to make a damn pasty. And as a vegetarian, it blew my mind to see a food I would normally consider not veggie-friendly to come in so many vegan or vegetarian options. I am not huge on mock meat so I tend to stick with the Cheese & Potato pasty. However, what I have had of the mock meat is pretty crazy good. The dipping sauces are delicious and the breading of the pasty is phenomenal. Great place to fill up on drinks and grub at a fairly reasonable price (and if you think it's expensive - it's worth every last penny).
3	Pasties are good, yes? The service at this location blows. Who wants to drive all the way to Mesa, though?
5	This place is great. Low key, great beer, great food. Spicy Asiago Chicken is fantastic.
5	Absolutely love this place.  A usual lunch spot for me and my team members.  After the expansion things were slow for a bit while the staff got the kinks worked out, now it is great!
5	Probably my favorite restaurant in all of Arizona. The food is fantastic (I recommend the Cajun Chicken pasty), the servers are really hip and awesome, the kitchen is open for you to see how your food is being made, and the prices are fair. Don't be discouraged if you realize they make the pasties the night before, because they cook them the day of and give you the option to take them home half cooked if you want to eat them at home and cook them yourself. Just such a awesome atmosphere for small groups or a date and really good food with a very nice beer list.
5	Excellent options all around. Super tasty stuff.
5	TOP restaurant I have ever been to in Arizona or even on the west coast.. Once you start walking into the pub you feel like you have suddenly traveled over the pond and back to America's roots BRITISH FOOD! I have always heard horrible  things about how British food consisted of mainly fish and chips and other bland entree's - to my pleasant surprise  the Food was Delicious!- huge beers -Pasty for all food types - the service is outstanding Give yourself the gift of time travel and head on over  to Cornish Pasty Company  where you can leave the southwest once you step in the dark hall of the restaurant EXPERIENCE LIFE ABROAD!
5	If you haven't been here recently, they've expanded the dining space significantly, creating more of a dining experience (though I prefer to sit at the bar).The food is consistently terrific--i've never been disappointed. I tried the oven chips for the first time and I'll be ordering those again. They have a good beer selection. The desserts are tasty and unique. For first time visitors, I'd recommend The Oggie and a pint of the Hazelnut Brown from Oregon. Try the oven chips, or save room for dessert and order the Shirley Temple pudding. Fantastic!
5	Love Love Love this place! Every time I visit the Pasty, I fall in love with the place all over again. I always get the cream of leek soup and I am never disappointed. I also recommend the chicken pot pie, the chicken Alfredo pasty and the portobella pasty!
5	I have to say I'm impressed.  I had never tried "British" food and when it was explained to me that the Pasties are like gourmet hot pockets I was not looking forward to trying it. I was actually very scared but since everyone else was onboard I thought I would try them out. I tried out the Portable Chicken pasties and was very happy with my selection. It turns out they are somewhat like a gourmet hot pocket or calzone. The listed ingredients are baked inside and the outside is a bread crust. All the pasties come with a dipping sauce that just adds to the yumminess. I have eaten at the restaurant (Tempe location) and also placed a large order for work and both were a great experience with excellent customer service.  This place is so good I will continue to order month end lunches from here. Food- ExcellentService- Excellent, owner very nice and friendlyEstablishment- good parking but get's very busy. The only off thing is that it is very dark inside the restaurant for some reason they have dark curtains covering every window.
5	This place was a wonderful surprise. The food was delicious and the atmosphere was quite comfortable. Our server, Ally, went out of her way to be sure our party of four was taken care of. In fact, the service was world class, yet the prices were neighborhood eatery. We will go back again and again!  Now I know what a pasty is!
4	A Californian approved British pub dive with a decent array of beers on tap, a lot of which I actually wanted to try --  but, since I'm on a business trip, I figured I'd save that pairing for my next spring training visit to this cactus town.Atmospherically speaking, it is dark.  The windows are blacked out with drapes, the ground is dark, the furnishing is dark, and with a tinge of yellow lighting throughout the place, you truly feel like you're in a medevil pub. The menu is filled with a decent variety of classic, vegetarian, and modern/fusion pasties.  As a newcomer from out of town, it was quite hard for me to decide which pasty to get.  Although I really wanted to try one of the 2 portobello mushroom varieties, I ended up getting a classic, the cottage pie.  To fulfill my fungi craving, I paired it with a very garlicky, and very flavorful mushroom spinach soup.The cottage pie was decent, but after the blast of flavor concentrated soup, my mouth was just not amazed by their spot on authentication, of the bland British classic.  If you want the classic, you'll probably love the nostalgia of the pie.If you want flavor and the experience you get from lots of aromatic compounds, the Cajun chicken and Mexican pasty smelled wonderful.  I for one will be coming back for the balsamic portobello pasty next, which probably means tomorrow night since my trip here shall end the following day.  And I shall keep coming back with every subsequent Phx trip till I've satisfied my tastebud's curiosity.  I guess I'm a bit OCD when it comes to joints with a rainbow of the same type of dish.
4	A favorite in Tempe, I have had almost every pasty on the menu and liked every one.  Glad they finally got the extra room as this placed is almost always packed for dinner.  The kitchen side is always open so you can see the staff preping and preparing your food.  I belive they pre-make the pasty's and then cook them upon order. 32 ounce beers, $3 car bombs and fancy hot pockets, whats NOT to like
2	Finally, after months of hearing people rave about this place and it constantly popping up on Yelp with fantastic reviews, I went to the Cornish Pasty for lunch with a coworker. The whole time I felt so confused by the good reviews.  The service was terrible- they acted like we should have known to seat ourselves and weren't friendly or helpful, but doing the bare minimum assuming we'd been there before.I'd never had a pasty before, and I was not impressed.  I got the philly cheesesteak which the waiter informed was nothing like an actual philly cheesesteak.  As far as my experience goes, they include steak, cheese, mushrooms, peppers- all of which were also in the pasty.  The difference was, this steak was chewy and flavorless, I didn't taste any cheese, and there were more green peppers than any other ingredient.  The pastry part was good,  but undercooked.  I was excited that they had specific sauces to pair with each pasty.  The server allowed me to try both- a mustard one and a red wine one.  I found both to be gross and a terrible combination with the pasty. I just want to emphasize that I am not a picky eater and enjoy most food.  I was extremely disappointed that I spent money there.  Neither me nor my coworker finished our food and the waiter looked at us oddly when we didn't want to take the rest to go. No thanks. We were both totally confused by why people rave about this place.  Perhaps it is the good beer they serve...
4	I try to make a monthly visit to the pub and get my grub and drink on when I can.  I love the atmosphere but the seating situation can be bothersome at times.  The food is good ol'fashioned heart stopping goodness coupled with cold brews and service that's mindfully busy.  Bring talking and thristy company because it can be a wait sometimes but when you have patrons guzzling down mad amounts of brew I can totally understand.
4	I went there at night on a recommendation of a friend and didn't really know what to expect. The place is somewhat hidden and rather unpretentious compared to other restaurants. The place is lit by candles and soft lightings, with metal music playing in the background. Occasional rock and metal music plays in the back ground which goes well with the easy ambience. The place despite its unconventional getup offers intimacy for groups and also welcomes loners. They have a huge collection of beer, both domestic and imported, all reasonably priced. On to the main course - pasties. Comparing pasty with hot-pockets oversimplifies this delicacy. Alright, its roasted bread stuffed with cheese and your choice of meat, but there is so much more to it. Depending on what you get, you'll get to enjoy vibrant flavors that go well with your choice of alcohol (personal recommendation - get Buddingtons).Pasty recommendation: Peppered Lamb
5	Where have you been all my life?!  Will you please open a place in Phoenix metro area!?  Better yet, a Pasty stand outside in downtown Phoenix would be awesome!Yelpers, this place is delicious, has A+ service, all in a wonderful, chilled atmosphere.   They have a pasty for any taste!  Dessert was off the charts!  Go try it.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in the Phoenix area. It's a great place for me and my husband since I'm vegetarian and he's a meat eater. They have a wide variety for both sides and I believe they always offer a couple vegan options as well. My favorite is the Veggie Mexican (Quorn brand "ground beef", egg, jalapeno, potato & cheese) and he loves the Royale with Cheese which is pretty much a cheeseburger and fries wrapped up in a delicious crust! We each usually have half a pasty leftover for lunch the next day if I can keep myself from overstuffing myself because it's so good. You also definitely have to try the Banoffee Pie(graham cracker crust with banana, homemade caramel & whipped cream). My mouth is watering just thinking about it! They also have a pretty big selection of beers I've never heard of if that's your thing! The space is pretty small but I feel it kind of adds to the ambiance. My only complaint is that it's so far away. We need one in North Phoenix!GO EAT AT CORNISH PASTY NOW!!!! (and bring me your leftovers!)
5	Wonderful place to hangout with friends ...small and cozy. Hoegaarden white ale with chicken tikka masala pasty is my usual.
5	What a fantastic place! The shell to the pasty's is so flaky and yummy, reminiscent of quiche, and the plethora of choices is to die for!
2	This place is OK.  More than anything, its a trendy place among hipsters who wear ski hats in the summer and come here to translate the meanings of their eastern-inspired tattoos with their hipster fiends.  Overcrowded and they sit you next to strangers.  Pass if you aren't in an identity chrisis.
3	The food is delicious. The downside is the small cramped and dingy atmosphere.  The one in Mesa is much better because of the seating and patio area that it has that the Tempe location is missing.  I would order the food ahead to go at Tempe.
4	I love Cornish Pasty, I really do. I eat here regularly. I recommend full-tilt the lamb vindaloo, chicken tikka, royale with cheese, bangers and mash, the salmon one I forget what it's called--literally everything here is delicious. I need to try everything on the menu, it's a plethora of flavor delights. The crust on each pasty is amazingly flaky and buttery and makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside. The sauces are amazing. The food is last-meal-on-earth worthy.I cannot, however, give Cornish Pasty Co. five stars, because the service is sooo hit or miss. I will deal with slow service for the food, but good gravy I wish they'd get a clue on this point. Sometimes I go there and it's wonderful--I get my booze, food and check in a time frame reasonable for human living. Other times, I convince people I know to try the place out and we're literally there for two and a half hours while the one server working at the time roams the entire place and spends half the time chatting. I read a lot of yelp reviews of places I love and think people are being entitled jerks about the service and they should never leave corporate franchise places. I would never, never complain about service if it was even mediocre. Just, from time to time, the service here is so bad I do question whether I should ever go back.
1	A group of 5 of us just sat down on their patio after being told when we walked in to just "have a seat anywhere." After about 20 minutes of not being noticed one of us walked inside and kindly asked for some menus. We were assured there would be a server shortly. 15 minutes later a waitress came out but didn't have menus and said she would send out somebody else. 15 more minutes later still nobody had acknowledged us even though the person we first talked to had looked directly at us multiple times. We literally did nothing rude and feel like we were deliberately ignored or at best just forgotten about. I don't think this place will be receiving any business from us in the future.
1	My party and I sat at a table for 45 minutes and never even got menus despite being approached by a server twice and told we would be helped shortly. It wasn't even a busy night, and when we finally decided to leave and go elsewhere, we saw the servers chatting casually with each other by the kitchen on our way out. I eat out at least once a week and I have NEVER encountered service this terrible.
1	I have never been as insulted as I was last  night when my party and I were refused service at Cornish Pasty Company. We sat outside without being approached for 20 minutes, after being told at the door that we could sit anywhere. I finally got up to ask someone for menus, and was told by a male server that he would bring them out. He then proceeded to move in and out, making eye contact with me numerous times, without greeting our table. After 10 more minutes of waiting, a female server asked if we had been helped. We said no, and she said that she would send someone out. 15 minutes later, and we still hadn't been approached. We ended up leaving and eating somewhere else. I can't believe that we were ignored for so long on a busy patio that had at least 3 different servers moving around. We have eaten here numerous times in the past, but will never go back again.
5	THIS PLACE IS GREAT. Not only is the vibe and atmosphere so much fun but the beer and food is one of a kind. Some friends and I wandered in this little hidden gem late on a Thursday night. The expanded back room is lined with old church pews and community style tables. Walls are decorated with large canvas photographs of old miners digging deep, naturally. I order a Strongbow and my brother ordered a fancy beer that came in a mug so big it had a lip to drink out of. Very cool. It feels very much like an Irish pub or a gastropub because it is so tucked away and no where close to a bar scene. We order The Royal with Cheese pasty, the Rueben pasty, the Mint and Lamb pasty and an Asiago Chicken pasty. To say that everyone was 100% satisfied at the end of their meal would be an understatement. I would HIGHLY reccommend this place to anyone and I will be going back.
4	Great food. I'm not a huge fan of how dark and loud it is inside (Tempe location), but the food was great and our server was top notch. She even let the 5 of us have our own checks without a bat of the eye. Highly recommended.
5	love this place! Good food, great atmosphere, nice selection of beers, and a great staff who all seem to really enjoy working there and making customers comfortable.
5	SO YUMMY!!! An excellent laid back environment. All employees were nice. I think he was the manager/owner with the red beard was super friendly. Can't wait to try every pasty on the menu. We had the chicken Alfredo and lamb mint both excellent. Only weird thing was that we didn't know what door to enter from and didn't know that we just seat ourselves.
5	Probably the best tasting food in Tempe. Its like mouth watering delicious. I haven't been there in a long time, and I forgot how damn good it is... Its like every bite youare in heaven. I dont go here often because I tell myself $10 is too much for just one item, I wish it would come with a side. But thinking about it, its like $2 more than you would pay for something else at like say Chipotle. So its totally worth the extra $2 to get something you cant get anywhere else, that tastes 10 times better than anywhere else.The beer menu is nice to, and with the expanded patio, I will go there again for happy hour, or a late night on the patio for a Lagunitas.
5	just had a great cottage pie pasty and brought home banoffee pie which I fear will have to wait until tomorrow. neat little spot unexpectedly tucked away in a pretty pedestrian shopping center. Definitely give it a try!
5	Think hot pocket but way better. I tried the cottage pie pasty. It had ground beef, onions, mashed potatoes l, and a few other goodies. The pastry shell was very flavorful. Very interesting atmosphere. Very poorly light, tatted cooks, and 80's metal music blaring. Wanted to try the dessert but the pasty was very filling.
4	Who knew this place even existed? I was feeling quite sick and couldn't decide what would satisfy my soul when my roommate suggested we get some soup. Little did I know what a cool scene I was walking into or I would have probably changed out of my pajamas. In reality, NO ONE CARED about my attire, the lighting was dark and the seating was said to be from an old mine however it reminded me more of a church.  The people that work here are super chill, they were playing AC/DC's, "Let there be Rock" and the pasty's reminded me of an Australian pie. The soup was fabulous and they give you tons of bread which is delicious to dip or butter! They've got pasties on pasties on pasties to pick from as well. I decided on the vegan eggplant parmesan and although I was under the impression I specifically asked for no cheese, vegan or not, I received it. Hey, mistakes happen it was what it was and I wouldn't order that again but even if I wasn't going to eat, its a low key hipster bar scene for sure, and i'm all about that.
5	We saw this place on a local cable show called 'Check please' and it looked good well it was not good it was great! We sat at the bar in front of the kitchen and the guys doing the cooking were very cool as a matter of fact everybody working there was very cool and willing to go the extra step for example are waiter was telling us about the beer they had on tap and we were trying to decide so he brought us a couple of samples without us asking-nice. As I said the guys doing the cooking and prep were more than willing to talk to us telling us about the different dishes even though they were very busy. I ordered the 'bangers and mash' while my wife had the salmon both were very very good and for dessert we had the chocolate baked bread {that might not be the exact name but its close} good god it was soo damn good! Next time I'm getting one to take home.We're going back with our neighbours this week and I can't wait!If I could give 6 stars I would! Really great food and excellent people!PS we went to the one on Alma School in Mesa.
4	New, bigger but Better?Gone are the days of long waits to sit in a subway car's width to dine, the next two store fronts and patio are now part of the cornishpasty co. As time goes on some this place move a bit more upscale, lighting so dim I was blind for the firs Prices have gone up about a dollar or two since the early days. One thing that has not changed is the great pasties.
5	Cutest place by ASU! and the food is to die for! The pesto chicken, spicy chicken and chicken alfredo are my favorites! My friend and I tried this place during our freshman year at ASU and habe been going back ever since. It's the definitiom of a hole in the wall and a great little gem.
5	I do not even know where to start with Cornish Pasty they have mastered the English food restaurant in this area. The ambiance is out of this world the food is to die for and the beer list is as good as it is long!. I have taken multiple parties here and enjoyed it every time. The Staff is possibly some of the coolest and most respectful and fun people i have ever have serve me and the owner will take the time to walk around and talk to you and his patrons. 5 Stars and that is a rarity!
5	OMG!!!! The food is great here.  Had the meat and cheese pasty and could not stop eating it.  That red wine gravy is to die for.
5	Absolutely fabulous! The food is incredible. The restaurant is a hole in the wall and the dining room and staff look a little dark and scary but have no fear. You've found a true hidden treasure. My favorite pasty is the pilgrim but I've tried almost all of them and you will love em. Prices are really good you will be so happy you found this place. Go now you'll love it!!!
4	This is a cool place. I would love it if I lived near by it would be my favorite place to belly up. Oh to dream as I live in suburbia, sigh. We walked in one of the many doors and find ourselves in a dark skinny bar with many open two tops and a full four top. Yes, we are with our boys so we need four top. The (I believe) manager said sit where ever you would like. I asked are there more tables? He motions around the bend of the bar. We walk around and into a restaurant with HUGE tables with church pews for seats. Obviously not from a Catholic church as they were comfortable. We grabbed a table and spread out. The waiter was great, showed up right away with menus, made beer suggestions and brought them quickly. We perused to the menus, a lot to choose from! I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala pasty, husband ordered the vegan pasty selection, kid 1 ordered Chicken Alfredo (it had bacon) pasty and kid 2 ordered Potato Leek soup with fresh bread. My husband and kid 1 devoured every bit and loved it. I could only eat half and enjoyed it. Kid 2 loved the bread and ate some of the soup, it was delish but not for him (blue cheese). I think I need to go back and get something different. It was good but I just think it had potential to be great. I might try something more traditional or go for the carne adovada pasty.  Overall it was a great experience. The decor and atmosphere was great (great hangover bar as very dark), service was perfect and food very, very good.
2	This should be a 2 1/2 stars. Wish I could give it more.The pasties are good but not traditional. I found them a little over-spiced but the pastry was rich and flaky. Wish they offered a plain meat, chicken and pork gravy as the reductions and sauces just aren't complimentary to all flavors of pasties and pies. Husband got a chix pot pie, gravy tasted like there was vinegar in it although it was supposed to be "thyme chix gravy". He has an ulcer and it made him feel ill. In all fairness, I would eat there again as I feel they deserve another try. Service is excellent. Friendly, helpful and fast. For this alone, give them a try.
4	My girlfriend and I went in a couple weeks ago for something a little different for dinner - and we had a good time! We both had a beer and ordered a pasty. The food took a little longer than I typically care for, but when it came it was worth it, and the environment was cool to hang out in.
4	i swear i wrote a review for this place before...anyways, here goes again.Great beer, great food.If you never had a cornish pasty before well you are missing out on a lot. The chefs here put a lot of thought into each pasty because the flavors really compliment each other and the crust is nice and flaky (how i prefer). This place is a pure dive bar... if locals scare you...don't go around here because that is all you are going to get. Thinking about cornish pasty co. is making me hungry. i am going to have to stop by sometime this upcoming week to meet this craving now...thanks yelp...
3	I tried the southwest chicken pasty and it was very tasty. The crust was thin, crispy, and flavorful. The mixture of chicken, cheese, beans, corn, and salsa inside had a nice and slightly spicy Mexican flare. The pasty was something like $6 and plenty for one person. The food is definitely the high point for this place.The place was very busy when we arrived with about 8 people and we had to wait a long time to snatch a table (we were on "the list" but they don't appear to actually honor any such arrangements versus a free-for-all). There was also only one server running around the whole place, so it was difficult to place orders, get refills, remove leftover encrusted plates, etc. The drinks are priced relatively low and there were many types of beers on tap, which probably makes it a popular place for the college crowd. Overall, this might be a nice place to actually dine if it had better service and wasn't such a dive bar rather than an eatery. It would be nice if there were separate areas for a dinning room and bar. Right now, it seems like it really wants to be a bar, but it happens to randomly serve some good food.
5	I love eating here! I love getting take out! They are very nice, the hipster thing is fine, you aren't made to feel unwelcome, but the cool people are just sooo cool! :) haha! The Cajun is yummy, bangers and mash, the burger one with thousand island is soooo yummy! Oh, but the tomato soup.... oh my heavenly goodness!!
5	I'm a Yooper-- I was raised in Michigan's Upper Peninsula and left for college.  Ever since (and that's a few years now!!), I have felt the absence of a good pasty nearby.  Totally by chance had this place recommended to me at a business meeting and was BLOWN away.   I'm used to the traditional "Oggie" and  it brought me right back to my childhood   but as I went with family, got to try a few bites of some of the others--all were amazing including the Royale.  Love the eclectic crowd too.  Definitely a place to go back to when we're in Phoenix again.
4	British food is normally bad, but I decided to give this a try. It was better than I expected! I had the lamb mint, and was quite surprised at the flavor! The pastry was ver light, and the goodies stuffed inside were very good. Not a bad price, and worth the trip.
5	Awesome! This was one of the first places I tried since moving to Tempe and it is so good. Don't be fooled by the strip mall appearance from the outside, what awaits you inside is the most glorified hot pockets you'll ever taste!
4	Don't be afraid when you walk into the dimly lit space that mimics the feel of being in a coal mine.  Cornish Pasty Co offers up a wide variety of pasties that are very good.  I think this my new spot for lunch on my way to the airport.    Good beer too.
5	CPC is a fantastic niche restaurant that will put your grandma's pot pies to shame.  I've ordered the majority of their pasty menu over the years and haven't gotten something I didn't like...  The only drawback is the time it takes to prepare the food.  Busy or not, if you didn't call your order in, you'll wait 20-30 minutes for your food.This place is both meat-eater and vegetarian friendly, so it's a safe place to bring your group of hipster friends who disagree about diets.  Pricing is more than fair at about $10 per pasty.
5	Easily one of my favorite places to eat in the valley. We first stumbled into Cornish Pasty with the thanks of Yelp a lil over a year ago. Been coming here ever since. I love this original location and its gotten even better with the expansion. For the money you really can not go anywhere as good in Phx. My wife usually can share one pasty and be plenty full. As for which ones to pick my favorite is the Cajun chicken and the Meat and Cheese. I've also tried the pilgrim, Italian and original all which are really good. I'm just a meat and potato type of guy so I like the more basic pasty. Overall a great place to come. It's dark, walls painted black, and usually good music playing. I've only come here for lunch so I can't speak for the night time scene but I'm sure it's chill and fun.
4	The carne adovada pasty is delicious! Self seating, just go in and find your own seat. The atmosphere is very unique in a good way. I just wish it didn't take so long to prep the pasty!
5	It's been a long time since I last visited this location ( I have been going to the outstanding Mesa location ).  I was glad to see that they have expanded.  In addition to the previous area with the long narrow counter there is now a much larger dining room.  There is still a bit of construction going on and when driving by at night the blackout on the windows makes it appear closed which was a bit confusing.  The food takes a bit of time to get at both locations, but it's very much worth it.  They have a pretty expansive and varied menu ( all contained in pastry ) with lots of options for vegetarians.  Our waiter was very nice and checked on us to make sure our beers were full and we got everything we needed.  This is a very unique and awesome restaurant.Try:- Egg Plant Parm- Veggie Cottage Pie- Oggie
4	Picture this...3 $1 bills (which may or may not be from a bet I lost (or won) at the strip club)...an affinity...a propensity...nay, a proclivity! for Irish Car Bombs and a menu that says 'CAR BOMBS: ALWAYS $3'.Those 3 words, squiggly symbol and numeral made me squeal and giggle with glee. The music they were playing was also very appeasing.Monday night, Hubzilla and I were looking for ADVENTURE!, completely exhausted with the usual suspects that we pick up for take out, we headed down to the college town affectionately known as "Tempe" and whipped out the handy dandy Yelp App.  Up jumps "Cornish Pasty Company" at the top of the list.  Eventually we found it tucked into the back of a strip mall (weirdly unexpected location...but sooooo glad we didn't turn away).  Down to brass tacks:The menu has a bunch of stuff on it, yummy-sounding stuff, inexpensive stuff...After a brief conference with our server (and a couple of car bombs to lubricate our speaking skills) we decided to split The Oggie and The Peppered Steak.  The Oggie was the favorite because once you added that red wine gravy to it, the flavors just kinda...pop. The Peppered Steak, by default, was the 2nd favorite, but was also very yummy. I just wish that the peppercorn brandy cream sauce that came with it wasn't cold. Some people really like that, I guess, but I'm a warm-to-room-temperature-or-hotter saucy kinda chick. Next time, I look forward to tackling their delicious sounding dessert menu (they have creme anglaise!!!). I REALLY look forward to going back (soon) to try more pasties!
5	The food is divine. I wish I worked/lived closer. The are super friendly and fast. The place is a cave, but you don;t notce once you take a bite.
3	I did not like this location AT ALL.   I was overwhelmed on where to park... I couldn't figure out if you park in front or back.  Then I couldn't figure out where the front door was or where you get seated at.  I walked in a complete circle around the place 1 1/2 times.  Then it is dark and crowded.  The service was very hurried and it was not conducive to sitting and enjoying a meal together as there were people waiting for our table (if you are even lucky enough to get a private table).  I much much much prefer the Dobson/Guadalupe location and won't return to this one.However, the food is delicious.  The potato leek soup.  Yummmmm... the bread it is served with is Yummmmm... the pasty was Yummmm (I had the vegetarian potato one with ketchup).  Wish I had saved room for the peanut butter and jelly dessert one as I like it so much.
5	The Tempe location got a nice bit of redoing and is now a lot bigger, but the southern half of the place is still hilariously and charmingly small. I love sitting so close to the cooks.Tip: they half bake pasties for the next day late at night, so if you order one then it's noticeably different. The super fresh 11pm cajun pasty I got after (during?) my bachelor party may be the most delicious thing I've eaten. The bar's got wonderfully cheap car bombs, and they leave a nice note on the receipt when you get one.
5	I brought a group here for my birthday, the wait was worth it. I ordered the pilgrim and it was delicious. I love everything about this place.
4	Service was awesome had a waitress that was very attentive and gave great recommendations! Leak soup by far one of the best soups I have ever tried. Very unique food but good
5	Just thinking about Cornish Pasty makes my mouth water. I highly recommend the Royal with cheese. CP also has a great selection of local drafts. Good service, music and a kick-ass extension of the bar which overlooks the back of the kitchen. And the bread they make (from scratch) is a secret recipe (for good reason) so flaky and delicious!
3	flavor was good, but there was more bread than I expected. Price was a bit high for what I got
5	So amazing. Almost every Pasty i've ordered here was absolutely delicious. I went with one I've never seen on the menu, as I was visiting since I've moved. I got the Royale With Cheese. I highly recommend this for anyone who wants a glutenous treat.The only thing I would change is: Knowing your server knows about you, make it not as dark and if you should seat yourself.
4	When we arrived it was a little confusing if the place was open or not.  The windows were covered with black shades so we couldn't see in but the sign was lit.  We ended up just picking what kind of appeared to be an entry.  We found out later that we went in through the side which used to be the main entrance, but was too small.  Within a few steps we noticed a very bad smell, but it went away after we kept walking.  We found out later that the smell is from a special kind of cave cheese they keep back there.  The smell was gross and made me think "turn around and leave," but just then we were greeted by a friendly waitress who told us to sit where ever we wanted.  I was surprised at how dark it was in there.I started with the potato cheese soup.  It was wonderful, but the fresh baked bread really added a nice compliment to it.  I had the shepherd's pie pasty with red wine sauce.  It was super delicious!  The crust was perfectly flaky, the lamb was tender and tasty, and that sauce was so flavorful!  I almost didn't order a desert for two reasons: #1 my husband isn't much of a desert person (and by this time I was so full I didn't think I could finish one by myself.)  And # 2 I was slightly concerned about my waistline.  I went ahead and did it anyway because I wasn't sure when I would get to go back.  I AM SO GLAD I ORDERED the toffee pudding!  It comes fresh baked so it takes a little while...wait dang it, you will not regret it.  It was not the kind of pudding I expected at all.  It appeared to be a little chocolate cake in a cast iron mini cauldron and to its side was a nice pour of creme anglaise.  I first tried just the cake and it was yummy, but then I began to slowly drizzle the creme over the cake watching it soak into it like a sponge.  The next bite was unbelievable!  It was so warm and soft and moist and sweet I thought I'd explode!Overall, the whole experience was an A.  The wait staff was casual, but nice, patient, and informative and the food was very good.  I look forward to my next venture at this place!
5	Simply Fantastic!!
4	Had a British friend give us a couple of these to try a couple of months ago (via take out) and even heated up at home they had us with that delicious crust. The "Oggie" and the Italian were loaded with lots of meats and each had it's own sauce to go with.Decided to try the place for lunch on Friday and the wait was a bit long, especially considering we were the first ones in the door at 11am. It got crowded really fast and ended up waiting over 20 minutes for our Bannoffee Pie dessert (which was SO, SO sweet but very tasty, taken in small bitefuls). Either way, the Rueben Pasty was very good but I wouldn't order the chicken pesto one again. Too heavy on the mushrooms and artichokes, not enough meat. And something about these pasties beckons for MEAT!My husband and I are both Cornish Pasty Fans.
5	Holy moly, why have I never heard of the pasty for the so many years I've been alive!?  Simply put, the pasty is the premium version of an empanada....and a super deluxe version of a hot pocket.  The boy and I drove here Saturday night around 8:30. The place was packed, and we waited about 15 minutes for a place to sit.  We were, as many others have mentioned, confused about where to go to get seated. A guy beyond the counter told us to just find an empty table to sit. I tried his technique and was stopped by another guy who told us to wait, and he'll get us a table.  I asked our server to see what's the most popular pasty, and he said there is one single pasty that sells more than the other.  So I would just suggest go with what you're feeling for the day.  I ended up with The Royales with Cheese, and my boy got the Bangers and Mash.  The Royales is basically a cheeseburger stuck inside the delicious, warm, buttery crust.  It had a weird garlic taste to it, which I didn't care for. The thousand island that came with on the side didn't go well with my pasty.  I still garbled that thing up regardless though.  I tried a piece of the Bangers and Mash, and I'm not a fan of it. I don't normally like eating pork, so I wouldn't have ordered this.  The boy really enjoyed it though.  Now, unto the BEST part of the meal...this is none other than their Banoffe Pie.  I HAD to get this even though I was already stuffed.  I have never had anything like this. Thick, crispy graham with creamy, homemade caramel, topped with whipped cream and slices of banana.  I've got a sweet tooth, and that banoffe was definitely one of the best desserts I have ever had!  I would definitely come back to this place again and again the next time I'm back in Arizona.
5	This place kinda has a hipster vibe.  They play folk music, which I like.  They serve very unique menu items.  I had never heard of a pasty prior to going there.  Its a baked pastry with some sort of combo of ingredients inside. The outer crust reminded me of a chicken pot pie.  The seating is different. The tables are so long and the benches are pew-like, you could potentially share a table with some strangers.  The only thing I wasn't a fan of at this place is that the pasties are pre-made and you cannot customize your order. For instance, I ordered the Vegetarian Greek and I HATE olives but I could not get mine without them.  So I ended up just picking them out as I ate.  I also got the potato-leek soup, which I love and many places don't serve.  It was pretty good.
4	This place is everything that all the other reviews have said before me.  The food here is quite simply - awesome.I've been a few times.  I've ordered the Cajun Pasty and the Pesto Pasty.  Both are very good options if you like chicken.  I usually eat half and save the other half for the next day.  It's still good heated up the next day.What I like the most about this place is the food comes out remarkably quick.  I've gone for lunch on various occasions, arriving around 11:45 each time.  I've gone with one person or with 4 or 5 other people and the food always came out in a reasonable amount of time - even with the restaurant packed to the hilt with hungry folks.  I give them an A+ for their speed given their popularity.This establishment is fairly odd in a quirky way that makes you want to return.  The decor has "character".  I suppose the intention is to replicate a English Pub.  I'm not sure.  They expanded the dinging room in recent years and the new dining room is full of these very long tables where the seating looks like what used to be a church bench.  A little awkward whilst you try to chump down on your pasty.  Nonetheless and church bench aside, however you have to sit, its definitely worth your time to visit this establishment.
5	Really cool place, great food, beer selection, cool friendly staff and eclectic ambiance.
5	One of the most fun places with really amazing food. Always love the veggie chicken tikka masala pasty. The tomato soup and banoffee pie are excellent too. Big fan!
4	I've only had their carry out but their pasty's are incredible.
4	This place is great in many ways. The food is tasty, I don't feel its overpriced and all the bearded people working there is nice enough. With that last statement I don't mean that the service is bad, it is enough i.e. not circling you, but checks in with you now and then. I like that. I also like their laid back style, and they're attitude that goes along with a unconformative beard. I like this brand service.Since I barely knew what a pasty was, I ordered the Oggie, the most basic of pasties. It was good, but I can now see how more elaborate filling is better. Next time I will throw some more spice in there, and yes there will be another time. I really enjoyed it, the whole experience. I liked the atmosphere, and the food... and the fact that they have some cool English beers is also a crowd pleaser, if you are my kind of crowd. So food and drinks goes without complaint.After a pasty and a couple of beers I was full. Completely full. Sense dictates that I shouldn't have been this full, but I was. Totally worth the visit, and as well as I might not become a regular - I sure will become the occasional returning visitor. I guess I'll end with - come here, support this establishment, not that they need your business - but you need to try a pasty and a beer experience.
5	I don't have anything unique to add to the long list of positive reviews.  The service was great.  The beer was cold.  The bangers and mash pasty was amazing, particularly the homemade sage sausage.  My friend had a mushroom garlic soup that was fantastic.  This is definitely on the short list of places I will revisit when I'm in Phoenix.
5	This place has expanded and that is great news because it is a must go.  I have tried many of the pasties and everyone is delicious.  The beer is great along with the irish car bomb special.  The atmosphere is great but the food and the beer is the reason why I continue to come back.  Another suggestion would be to try to soup.  It is a secret bonus.
5	While in Tempe on business I found this place on Yelp and the reviews sent me right over for lunch. Once I finally decided that the front door was, in fact, the front door (it's a bit dark and seems like you're entering the back of the kitchen or something) I had a seat at a small table along the wall. Once my eyes adjusted, I fell in love with the place. The atmosphere is great. The menu is amazing. The beer list is generous. I had the bangers and mash and my husband had the pesto chicken pastry. We shared a coleslaw. First off, the coleslaw was the best we have ever eaten. Secondly, I wish I lives in Tempe because I want to go back and try everything else on the menu. It was killer! Totally delicious. Soft flaky crusts, amazing dipping sauces, ice-cold beer and great service. They really have a good thing going here. I want to open one in Austin.
4	Big fan of this place! The food it so good and the people who work there are super nice. The Tempe location can get pretty crowded and there aren't that many tables but  still highly recommend it.
4	I've been going here for 3 years now and it is one of my favorite places to eat in the Phoenix Metro. Now that they have expanded the restaurant I don't really have anything negative to say about the place at all. Their food is fantastic, the atmosphere is laid back and the prices are very reasonable. I've tried several of the Pasties and while they are all fantastic my favorite is the Lamb vindaloo. If you haven't been here yet it is a must try!
5	Whenever I am craving a Runza (a favorite food from my hometown of  Lincoln NE), this place takes care of it. They have a wide variety of fillings anywhere from lamb to a wonderful vegetarian selection.  I've been to both locations and they have always been very consistent.FYI, Runzas are also known as Bierocks of German origin  (savory filling of meat, onion, and cabbage).
5	Who knew what a pasty was, or that they are amazing! They are like large hand pies filled with complete meals. This is such a wonderful place. They have a wide variety and even many vegetarian options. You can't help but feel good when you are there. As good as the food is, the experience is equal. It is a very relaxed environment, and by the way, a great list of beers.
5	This establishment was amazing the ambiance was fantastic for a dinner setting, music playing was great, and the staff was friendly and informative. This was my first time eating here. My friend told me how good the food was here.  I being a foodie deiced to come and check it out. I ordered a beer, chips, shepherds pie, the greek and the apple desert. Everything I ate was amazing. It was well priced. I thought it was going to be more expensive but I was pleasantly surprised when the bill came out. Everything was $35 and I still have plenty of leftovers for another meal. The manager on site walked around to every table asking was everything ok? Did you enjoy the food? I find it to be a great quality when the management and staff truly care about you experience. Such great customer service here, I highly recommend checking this place out if you haven't done so already. I am positive you will have the same experience as I did, if not better.
5	Why oh why have I waited so long to try this place? The soups are beautiful and my rueben pasty was only phenomenal. Note to self and others, go super bowl Sunday...it is empty and no TV 's!!!
4	Such yummy food but I definitely did not enjoy the interior dining experience. I will happily get my future food to go. Their british pub concept could be so cool, but instead it was really dark (blackout curtains on every window), way too loud (blaring music), and just overall way too hipster grunge for me (hello, Seattle). Dining experience aside, the menu is giant and the food is really good. I had:-  Greek Pasty: Vegetarian and I absolutely loved all the flavors in it. It was full of cheese, artichoke hearts, sun dried tomatoes, and olives all wrapped up in a warm buttery crust. - House Salad: Really fresh (amazing tomatoes) and good-sized. - Sticky Toffee Pudding: Having read about the dessert in English books, I've always wanted to try it. It was pretty good but probably not something I'd order again. After this dish and watching enough Downtown Abbey, I finally get that the English call their cakes "pudding". So it's not pudding at all, but a cake. There really wasn't enough of a toffee flavor, and instead most of the cake had a mild molasses flavor. Parts of the cake were really dry, so the vanilla ice cream its served with made it a lot better. This is certainly a fun dessert to try, but not totally my favorite.I only ate half of my pasty at dinner, then ate the other half a few hours later in the comfort of my own home, and definitely enjoyed the leftover half in my home a whole lot more. So overall, I really recommend the food, just in a to-go form :)
5	I broke the first rule of restauranting. I went somewhere named after their specialty item, and ordered something else. That's right... no pasties for me.But, I have an excuse. Chocolate Bread and Butter Pudding - homemade bread, baked in chocolate brandy sauce until crispy on the outside, served warm with vanilla ice cream. Who looks and that and doesn't think, "I want that inside of me" immediately? Nobody.When I ordered it, the waiter replied with, "You know what makes this even better? If you ordered a shot of Rumple Minze (peppermint liqueur) and dipped your spoon in it before every bite." As if it needed to be better.Now I might never get a pasty from Cornish Pasty Co., but gaddamnit, rules were made to be broken. And warm chocolate bread and butter pudding, alongside melting vanilla ice cream soaked in booze, was meant to be inside me.
3	sorry to sort of buck the trend, but  I wasn't overly impressed. the service was friendly, but a little shaky. they got my order wrong, and I ended up eating part of a chicken sandwich, when I had ordered a vegetarian pasty (and yes, I am a vegetarian). they also served me tepid coffee, and I did overhear some slight staff bickering. the overall atmosphere is very hipster, dark, with fairly loud music playing (good tunes, but a little too loud). the booth was so flimsy, that every time I leaned forward to take a bite of food, the seat tipped with me completely. now the pasty...good flavor (if too many at once), but far too rich and unnaturally dense for me. and way too SALTY. after eating half of the sandwich, I felt like I was overloaded with salt (and full). how do you place items like cheese, olives, dressing, and meats in a pasty without there naturally being too much sodium content? you don't. not without things like lettuce, tomato, etc. (didn't have any). it desperately needed a salad to go along with it. it was nearly as salt-horrific as their neighbor, rosita's mexican food (not recommended). and anyone who thinks this is healthy food is mistaken. this place could make a vegan fat.  the only reason they get 3 stars is because of their unusual menu items, the fantastic side we ordered (broccoli and cauliflower cheese thing), the delicious desert (banana cream crusty thing),  and the potential for a better pasty experience next time (mental note: for god's sake, order a side salad!!).
5	I have been coming here for years and I love this place. Literally everything on the menu is delicious. Although to be honest, I have only tried their pasties and their deserts. I know that they serve salads, I just think that is a waste of a meal, and i can make a pretty excellent salad at home. I switch between the vegetarian and the meaty versions fo their pasties and they are both delicious. So vegetarians, have no fear. The drink specials are very nice as well. I like to get the enormous mug/pitcher of hard cider with my meal. SO GOOD!I was very happy when they expanded. Sometimes it could be hard to get a table. I'm looking forward to them opening up the patio. I am not sure if that is complete yet.
4	Being an English chap, I'd like to think I know what a good pasty is all about. I even make my own for our friends here. But this is the best I've ever had, I mean that and I've spent lots of time in Cornwall.I had the traditional pasty as the benchmark and it was fantastic. The filling was spot on, as was the pastry. The menu was very diverse, with things that should never be in a bit of pastry - Hamburger & fries for example but other things that will be lovely to try the next time I'm there.As for the atmosphere, I really liked it. There were four of us, with two little saucepan lids. Good music playing, skater feel, bench seats, all in all a good vibe. Please don't think of this is as an English themed place, if only we had things like this there. Just go and enjoy!
4	Good stuff.  Enjoyed everything this place had to offer.  A  rare find, considering it's location.
5	Love this place, glad to see them expand. Everything I have tasted has been delicious from the tomato soup to their desserts. They have something for everyone. Hope they open a location in phoenix.
4	Yum!  Beer and bread, what more could you ask for?
5	MUST TRY: Potato & Leek soup!!!!!!!!!!! Arguably the best soup I have EVER had, and it's served with warm bread. The Pasties are also so delicious, of course. The crust of the pasties literally melts in your mouth. We also ordered the Chocolate Bread Pudding....wow! The liquor in the bread pudding also gives it a nice, warm kick.Service was great, and the waitress took her time giving recommendations since it was my friend and I's first visit. The vibe is sort of hipster, but so relaxing.Will definitely be back!UPDATE: After coming in nearly every week for months, I've made a couple new observations. I really wish they would work on their customer service. There is only a couple of waitresses that actually do their job. The rest seem to disappear indefinitely. Food is still amazing and well drinks have good amount of liquor.
4	I have Been here a handful of times.  I really appreciate the ambiance inside this eatery.  The bar area is dark enough to sit at and feel relaxed and comfy with a slight feeling of sophistication.  Also, the booths give me a feeling of privacy which is nice for having conversations with friends.  Everyone that I know loves this place and has always recommended it to me so when I finally tried the food, I was pleased.  Although, I might add, the pasty's are kind of heavy as they tend to be meat, potato, gravy, and pastry based so it's not a food meant for light eating in the summer heat.  Good food, reasonable rates, and good drinks.  Eat there.
4	How come I've never heard of a Pasty before?!I was going to be in the Tempe area so I typed in "dinner" in the search box and this place showed up first with its 600+ reviews! And I'm so glad we came! They were pretty busy at 8:30pm on a Saturday night. Walked in, sat ourselves, and a server showed up a couple minutes later to take our drink orders. I'd say they were a bit slow and not as attentive as I'd like but its more of a pub feel and they were pretty busy anyway. We ordered the Crispin hard ale to share and it was pretty tasty, not very sweet. I like how they have a large selection international beers (like King Fisher from India!) on their menu, its like you really are in an English pub!Our group got the Porky, Rosemary chicken, Lamb vindaloo, and chicken tikka masala pasties. We also ordered the broccoli and cauliflower bake and banana dessert. They were all good but I loved my lamb vindaloo, it was like actual lamb vindaloo that you would get at an Indian restaurant! Ironically the chicken tikka was my least favorite because it was too tomato-ey but it wasn't terrible. The yogurt sauce that came with complemented the pasty perfectly. The broccoli cauliflower bake was delicious and cheesy, totally hit the spot on a cold night! The banoffe banana dessert was ok but I was disappointed that it was mostly whipped cream (unsweetened). The caramel, graham cracker crust and sliced bananas were still enough to carry on the dish. Overall great food, fun casual atmosphere ( saw LOTS of people on dates here) and totally worth checking out if you're in Tempe!
4	The Cornish Pasty Company has great food.  The only thing is to get there early because when the place gets busy the service becomes slow.  The decor is nice and dark which is nice to get out of the sun now and then.  I had the Lamb with mint pasty and also the salmon pasty, both tasted awesome!
5	I had never heard of the Cornish Pasty Co until I came across the hundreds of awesome reviews on yelp..... thank you yelp!!! This has become one of my favorite restaurants in the valley. Since discovering the Pasty Co, I have been twice in less than a week with no notion of slowing down! This spot is tucked away in the back of a shopping center with a small sign letting you know it actually exists.  Although it can be hard to find, this is one of the things I feel leads to the overall experience of the restaurant.  Inside the restaurant its dark and cozy - total pub feel!! Also, the staff is extremely friendly.  Pasties I've tried: ALL AMAZINGchicken pot piebangers and mashreuben chips (french fries) with garlicapple caramel dessert pasty
4	Ahh, pasties. No, not the nipple coverings, although those can be nice too (have you seen these ones? amazing! http://www.incrediblethings.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/Grumpy-Cat-Pasties.jpg).Anyway, this meal was a delightful taste and cultural experience, in the otherwise megacorporate sprawl wasteland of Arizona (what I saw of it anyway, I'm a Seattleite). Although I entered very reluctantly (it was phenomenally gorgeous out and this place is basically a cave), I was quickly pacified by the familiar surroundings... booze and dingy booths, my native habitat. I'm a true pasty fancier, and the ones here are top-notch. If I ever mistakenly return to your city, I will gladly hide out at the CPC.
4	Had lunch here on Sunday - tried several different pasties in order of preference  - Asiago Chicken, Lamb Vindaloo, Pesto chicken, rosemary steak.  The french fries (chips) were great too.
3	Decent enough. Definitely filling. I'd come back.
4	Super yummy!
5	I did like it better when it was just a little strip with just a few seats with a line out the door most nights, but the wait was definitely worth it. However, the new remodel and expansion looks very classy. The food is still totally worth it of course. Definitely one of my favorite places to go that is unique but very simple. You can't find a Cornish Pasty just anywhere!
4	I still have not been to the actual location. So this review is for the Catering service they provide. I went to a Beautiful Outdoor Wedding this weekend. Cornish Pasty was the caterer.My girlfriend being an Ish is well familiar with this type of food, for me it was a first.I have to say I really liked it. They did a great job serving it up. It was hot and very filling for sure.They had several choices for the Pasties. I chose the Steak and the Shepard Pie, both were very tasty. Teresa got the curry one which is was over the moon with.They also served a really good Salad ,the dressing was just right on it.As well and a Broc,cheese type vegtable side. Not bad at all.We will check out the shop soon, but for Catering they did a great job.
4	When passing through Phoenix last week, we had dinner here on the recommendation of Yelp. Who knew you could get good British pasties in Tempe?The pasties themselves were incredible. I had the bangers and mash, the wife had the chicken tikka masala. We loved each of them, and believe me that one pasty is enough to satisfy a big appetite.We were not as huge fans of the fries/chips. Also, the waitress really had no idea about any of the beers on the menu. Since I am not knowledgable about British beer, this led me to order something I didn't really care for. Next time (oh yes, there will be a next time) I'll stick with the Lagunitas IPA.
4	My boyfriend and I stopped by for a nice little unique dinner and we got just that! The pasties are simple but full of great flavor. He had the carne adobada while I tried the greek (veggie-friendly option). We were both pretty impressed. Beer selection was pretty solid. Overall, we had a great time and would come back again. Entrance is kind of odd, just a heads up.
4	Really dig the food here.  Everything tastes great.  My wife was a big Cornish Pasty food fan prior to us finding this place, and I have to say that she made me a believer when she brought me here.  The food is tasty and bona-fide as far as I can tell.  Did not know that they made the Tempe location dark on purpose to mimic a mine--thought it was to go along with the emo/Goth/lots of tattoos and face piercings crowd that appears to be in attendance--which is great if you're into that sort of thing (we're not).  The Mesa/Chandler location is a bit more open, lighted, and civilized (in terms of face piercings).  Very pleasant and helpful service coupled with tasty victuals, minus the face piercings = 4 stars.  Hate to have my personal bias short them a star, but it is just a bit off-putting if you're not expecting it (and if you show up wearing your Sunday best).
4	Cornish Pasty is one of my favorite places for lunch when I have the extra time and even better when we are able to spring for a beer. There is something for everyone on the menu here. I have tried a variety of their pasty's, but lately I've been stuck on the chicken portobello pasty. So good and the pasty crust is delectable. At some point I'd like to try a dessert pasty, but that might have to be a special trip. The only small negative to this place is that the service can sometimes be slow. Also, note that it's pretty dark inside, so if you're with people who like a lot of light to read the menu this is not the place. They've increased the seating a lot, so it usually isn't hard to find a table, but it's usually pretty busy.
3	Now, we might have gotten some strange looks from other patrons cause we brought Baby C here cause well...this place IS a pub after all.  But they do serve food and we weren't ordering Baby C car bombs or anything and he was behaved - so those people can go "Sit On It"!J ordered a cup of Cream of Leek, Potato and Stilton soup and an order oven chips with garlic.  My Pasty - The MexicanJ's Pasty - Bangers and MashThe soup was awesome - he shared a few spoonfuls with me and Baby C.  Baby C went crazy for it!  My Pasty - Very tasty.  The right amount of spice.  Not oily.  Very filling!  I could only eat 1/2 of my pasty.  J didn't like his pasty all that much.  He said it was extremely salty and heavy.  Wished he would have ordered something else instead of trying to go somewhat authentic.  The oven chips were kind of a disappointment.  I wouldn't order them again due to a good portion of them being still on the raw side.    So it was kind of a hit or miss depending on what you ordered.  Might be able to talk J into going back again and have him try a different pasty.
3	These weren't the "pasties" I was thinking of...Joking, obviously. I was here to celebrate a friend's birthday. They told us 20 people would fit at one of the long tables. Uh, no. Not unless we all sat shoulder-to-shoulder with our arms squeezed under the table. Oh well, all 20 people weren't there at the same time, and a few people stood, so the 14ish people that were sitting, were comfortable. But, being a looooooong bench at a table, it was kind of a pain when the person in the middle wanted to get out of their seat.The pasty I had (some southwesternish thing, I think) was okay. I've never had a pasty before and if I ever return (which I have no objection to), I will order something different. The drink menu listed cider on tap. They didn't have any. I don't know if it was just that night, or permanently, but I was sad. Our server was great, though. For a busy night, he was pretty attentive.
5	The Pasties are fantastic. Deserts are great big enough to share. Definitely a college hangout, but I remembered the louder 70's 80's 90's rock music.
5	This is a must stop for us when we're in AZ. The newly expanded area is a plus, but we usually try to go right before lunch to avoid a rush. And helps w/ food time - but trust me the wait is worth it! I've tried several pasties - shepherds pie is one of my favs! Sit at the bar and watch them work - so neat!
5	I don't like fat people, but a pure drop of empathy landed on my brain the first time I ate Cornish Pasty's Banoffee Pie.  Now I understand what unlimited desire to eat is like.  Fucking delicious.Thirst-buster sized beers.Hail Satan.
1	Maybe it was an off night, but this just didn't do it for me. Dropped in, no one to seat me, figured I'd seat myself. Waited 5 minutes for a server to say hi and offer me a drink, another 15 to get some water and get my order taken. The server didn't know which Vegan Pasties were available that night so she checked, it was only the Vegan Greek Pasty (the menu stated at least two available on any given night). As a vegan, that was my option, so that I got (with a side of chips). A good twenty minutes later everything comes out. The pasty was ok at first, full of sun-dried tomatoes and artichoke hearts. About halfway through I bite into a huge chunk of Mozarella (not vegan) and put the rest down. The only vegan option available that night was in fact not vegan. Really guys? At least the chips were ok.Waited a good twenty minutes after I was clearly done eating before my server offered a check and to-go box. Overall the service was extremely slow and inconsiderate (I didn't really feel welcome), the vegan food wasn't vegan, and I still paid $15.00 for what amounted to a sandwich and fries. Maybe it was an off night, and I know a lone customer isn't a top priority, but I wouldn't come back again.
4	Seriously everything is delicious! Irish Car Bombs are kind of part of the experience, so get used to it.
2	I ordered the Vindaloo pasty for lunch and was not impressed. It was a stronger, spicier, and sweeter sauce then I was used to from Vinaloo at most Indian restaurants and didn't go that well with the pasty. I might give the place a second chance though because everyone else I went with seemed happy with what they got.
4	I liked this location so much better than the Dobson one! Maybe it is the atmosphere, but to me the pasty even tasted better. I wish I lived closer to this location. Had the Greek pasty, and it was wonderful.
5	love cornish!
4	An awesome place to dine. Been there so many times & never dissatisfied with the quality of the food.At times service is slow. But the wait is worth it.
5	Sometimes getting a table takes a while but it is worth the wait. My favorite is the carne adobada pasty and their apple dessert pasty (YUM!). The people that work here are always super friendly and prompt.  My favorite place to sit is the bar by the entrance because my friends I enjoy watching them make the food and striking up conversations with the people working there... sometimes weird convos but always entertaining. :)
5	I think I just found a new favorite hang. The food is exellent and the ambiance is incredible. The music is classic (like Dylan or Neil Young) so you won't find any rap gang bangers here. Inside is very dark which I like, but if it is a nice day, they have a nice roomy patio on the North side where you can relax. Very casual yet classy. It is difficult to describe. If this is what English pubs are like then Americans could learn a thing or 2 from them.
2	This place does have really good food, just expect to have lack luster service for the most part. The last time I went here, my boyfriend and I were meeting up with his family for dinner. We entered the very dark and cramped restaurant and walked around looking to see if his family had already been seated. We stepped over into an open area to call them to see where they were when one of the cooks behind the bar barked at us "WHAT?? CAN YOU NOT FIND A TABLE??" like we were horrible human beings. When we were seated, our waitress looked incredibly bored and plain disappointed to be serving us. The only person that seemed remotely interested in making sure we had what we needed was the guy that filled our water glasses and took our plates. He was awesome. I know all the people that work there are cool and dress like they don't give a shit, but c'mon this is the service industry right? maybe they should try a little harder
5	The Pasty is in the corner of a pretty nondescript strip mall, and was tricky to locate the first time, but I am so glad that the Cornish Pasty and I found each other. I love coming here with friends for a great beer and a pasty!The decor is a mix of traditional pub fittings and industrial touches, and there's a pretty hip soundtrack on to match. The atmosphere and the servers are casual, but I can't say that I've had bad service here before.The pasties are fresh and flaky (note: they can take time to bake up!); the bread pudding took me to heaven: warm, chocolatey and oh so rich! I also recommend the broccoli and cauliflower cheese bake.
5	On the recommendation of a co-worker, my husband and I decided to try this out.  We had checked out the website and menu, so knew what we wanted to try.  First thing, in a lot of pictures, the place looks really cramped and small...wrong!   When you first walk in, there's a narrow hallway with a bar on one side and small 2-seat tables on the other.  But, if you walk around the corner, it opens up into a pretty large dining room (there's also a bar in here), as well as a nice sized patio.We seated ourselves, and were immediately met by Hannah, our server.  She was friendly and made us feel welcome.  We perused the menu, but we both pretty much knew what we wanted.  I ordered "The Pilgrim" and my hubby ordered "The Reuben".  While we waited for our pasty's, we were able to enjoy the music playing.  Lots of our favorites, so the wait didn't seem like too long.  "The Reuben" is basically exactly what it sounds like...a reuben sandwich in a flaky wrap.  It was served with a side of 1000 island dressing.  My husband loved it, before I had a chance to ask for a bite...it was gone!!"The Pilgrim" is like a Thanksgiving dinner in a pasty.  It had roast chicken (during the holidays they serve it with roast turkey, but honestly, I couldn't tell the difference), sweet potatoes, stuffing and grilled onions.  It was served with a side of cranberry sauce.  OMG!!!  It was delicious and moist.  The chicken was so juicy.   Each bite reminded me of the day after Thanksgiving sandwiches...only this wasn't leftovers.  I devoured it!  My husband, who doesn't like stuffing, kept saying that when we go back, he's gonna order it.  Delicious!!!The flakiness and flavor of the dough is wonderful.  Honestly, it's so moist and flavorful, you don't even need a sauce or condiment.  Most of the meals come with a red wine gravy on the side (and so did mine), but it definitely wasn't needed.  If I had ordered something with beef, it might have been a nice sauce to dunk a bite into, but like I said, it may not even be needed.We're definitely going to make our way back to Tempe for another taste of a pasty, and there are a lot of very interesting ones on the menu.  We can't wait to try more!
5	I love this place, food is great and beer selection in awesome.  My favorite pasty is the vegetarian greek, so good!
3	Loved that place (great pastys) until I found a hair - hopefully not of pubic origin - on my last visit (in February 2013)....
5	Cornish Pasty Company is the best! If your looking for amazing comfort food all wrapped in a flaky crust this is the place! I haven't had one that I didn't like. My all time favorite is the Bangers & Mash! Its like your moms home cooking of meatloaf and mashed potatoes with extra gravy. The service at this location is great, they are very friendly and outgoing. I've even eaten here alone and felt totally comfortable eating at the bar. They also have a great selection of beer. If you haven't tried this place out you need to go . . . like right now!
4	Such a cool spot in Tempe. The food is awesome and the atmosphere is laid-back and fun. Definitely want to go back for happy hour!
5	Amazing place. Every pasty is the bomb you can't go wrong. The desert is a must as well.
5	AMAZING!!! The food here is great!  I really enjoyed the Beer as well as the great ambiance.
4	Not a local and decided to try it out due to the reviews here and on Trip Advisor.  The place is dark and feels cramped, for all that it is not at all a small place.  It is also very, very difficult to find.  The entrance is actually on the opposite part of the building from the street it is "on."The place is more college bar than British pub as far as atmosphere.  The staff are indistinguishable from the customers but once discovered, generally helpful.  I had the Royale with Cheese and it was very good.  The pastry was crispy and tasty, the filling was well balanced and seasoned.  I'm not sure I would recommend it as a place for dinner or just to grab a meal, but it is absolutely a place I would go to hang out with  friends over drinks and food.  I would definitely come back on another trip into town, but maybe call in and order take away.  I'm not sure I could deal with that atmosphere at the end of a long day of travel again when all I want is to relax and enjoy a little peace.
4	Delicious, hearty, cheap eats on the way to the airport or when you're in the Tempe area.Pasties are a British calzone-type food. I had the Shepherd's Pie and it was delicious. The beers are very inexpensive and quite worldly for Tempe, AZ. Even though their outdoor area is in a parking lot, it was pleasant and quiet on a Sunday evening.
5	Second visit, just as good as the first:Mushroom, Walnut, Spinach Soup with Homemade Bread and ButterCheese Steak - Onions, Green Pepper, Mushroom, Swiss, Red Wine GravyChicken Pot Pie - Carrots, Red Potato, Green Beans, Celery, Thyme and Chicken GravyThe Pilgrim - Turkey, Sweet Potatoes, Grilled Onion, Stuffing, Cranberry SauceBanoffee Pie - Graham Cracker Crust, Caramel, Whipped Cream, BananasApple Caramel Pasty - Apples, Cinnamon, Caramel topped with Ice Cream and Whipped CreamMoving from sweet to savory (and then back to sweet) our arrival at Cornish Pasty Company was met with a raucous crowd enjoying any number of craft brews but seated swiftly as Led Zeppelin, The Who, and The Ramones competed for air time overhead we were greeted equally quickly by an excellent (and funny without being fakey) young server who understood our time constraints in terms of making it to the game and took our whole order at once noting that she'd place the order in a staggered manner to make sure food wouldn't pile up while still leaving us time to make it to ASU by kickoff - a plan that worked flawlessly.Knowing from my last visit that the pasties would all be excellent - and they were - what truly wowed during this visit to Cornish Pasty Co was actually the soup, a recommendation from our server as "her favorite thing on the menu" - a dense, creamless potage with a hefty mushroom nose and a subtle vegetal note on the tongue while the walnut base added a lingering smoothness that went well with the hearty housemade soda bread and cultured butter.  Obviously not leaving without dessert and having already enjoyed the sticky toffee pudding and bread pudding on my prior visit this time we opted for the house-special Banoffee Pie and Caramel Apple Pasty, neither as good as the pair off puddings but both better than the vast majority of in-house pastries at restaurants in Phoenix and Scottsdale (where even top tier restaurants choose to outsource their desserts to Ms. Dempsey.)
5	Never understood food fully until I ate at Cornish Pasty,Never know it from the outside.Mix that with chill employees and badass shop, this is could be the best dinner of all times
4	Amazing flavors and extremely unique the only down side was the 45 min I had to wait after I ordered my food at 4pm.
5	What can I say about one of my new favorite hangout spot? I'll try to make it short and sweet. -The pasties are tasty, unique filling and reasonably priced (Love the chipotle sauce on the cajun chicken pasty).- They have an awesome selection of spirits.- The atmosphere is great (outdoor patio for when its nice outside and a dark cozy inside when you are out in a date).- The desserts I've had so far have been very good (You have to have the Banoffee pie its legendary).Overall, a great spot to go hidden in a small shopping center on University and Hardy. I would highly recommend it to anyone.
5	Ambiance, service, food and drinks were all good. I tried the cheese steak pasty which was very good. Will definitely go back.
5	I have been going to here since the day that it opened and even had them cater my graduation party when I got my degree from ASU. If you cannot appreciate Cornish Pasty Co you have some sort of problem dealing with restaurants. They will not molly coddle and treat you like you are some sort of special patron. They are just too busy providing some of the best pasties ever created. Service is not what you come here for, pasties are!Be sure to ask them what the Vegan selections are, they are usually pretty amazing. Especially if you put gravy on them! (The gravy is totally not vegan, neither am I...having evolved as an omnivore). Now they have a patio, as well as more seating and a nice bike rack! Classing it up CP! Just kidding, this place is not classy, which is why it is so beautiful and amazing.
5	This is one place that totally lived up to the hype. The roasted garlic rosemary potatoes as a side dish were outstanding - very crunchy and well seasoned with of course Rosemary. Our pasties were equally impressive. The greek was my choice with big chunks of chicken, two kinds of cheese and veggies that included kalamata olives and artichokes. Every bite you got something new and it didn't even need both sauces, but the Tzitiki was excellent for dipping. dad had the Pilgrim (no turkey anymore), but had some nice roasted chicken and sweet poatoes and onions also. Thev wait staff was friendly as hell, great service and this place is bigger than it looks also on the inside. Good times.
5	I was a little skeptical because English food isn't exactly considered a fine culinary experience. (For some reason I think of bleating sheep and porridge whenever i think of English food?) But I had the Oggie's (traditional) pasty and it was one of the best meals I've had in a long time. The crust is flaky, but not like a croissant. It's tougher than that. The pasty came with a very nice gravy that tasted a bit like a mild A-1 sauce. The selection of European beers is quite wide.You will not be disappointed.
5	Amazing! The pricing ain't too bad but its usually very busy!
4	I have had several pasties and they were all good. They have a good beer list with huge mugs available. I like the classic rock that they play, and the dive-bar atmosphere.
5	Been here a number of time. Always a friendly staff and always a great place to enjoy catching up with a friend or group for dinner.  Smaller but diverse beer list. Food always tastes great and is vegetarian friendly. Never a bad choice.
4	Yes please!Again, on business travel my boss and I went here right after landing at 10pm on a Monday night.  I was starving and tired and this place was awesome!  Total dive, great beers on tap, and the pasty are phenomenal.  Hot pockets on steroids!  Great variety; vegetarian, Indian masala, chicken pot pie, cheese steak.  Total guy place if you ask me - but plenty of ladies inside :)  You eat with your hands, the beers are enormous and it looks like it frat house inside.I will be going back to the Cornish Pasty every time I come to Tempe.
5	Holy shit is this place awesome. Great unique foods, which are essentially hand held pot pies, wonderful beer selection, and desserts that will knock your socks off. This is truly a unique gem. One thing that shines brightest is the warm, friendly service. It'd be easy to look at the staff and assume you'll be getting shat upon by a hipster tattooed crew, but in reality- they really care about service, and have pride in what they do.Pro Tip- have the banana dessert, it is insanely good.
4	Wow! I fell in love with this place as soon as I saw the beer menu. So many great beers on tap, poured in 32 ounce frosty steins. The menu has so many choices that it is hard to decide what to get. I ordered The Pilgrim. My incorrect assumption was that the pasties would be heavy, doughy concoctions. In fact, the pastry itself is very light and flaky. The filling consisted of turkey, stuffing, and sweet potato. Imagine the best day-after-Thanksgiving sandwich you have ever tasted and you would have The Pilgrim. It came with a side of whole cranberry sauce and light gravy to smother all over the yumminess. Most importantly, it was obvious that the ingredients were fresh. No canned potatoes and gravy here. The ONLY reason I do not rate this establishment with "5-stars" is because I want to try more items on the menu but if the rest of the food tastes like what I consumed today, I will raise it up.
5	Let me preface this review with a little history...I'm married to a chap from England. I've been to England. And I eat. A lot. Not too memorable, if you get my drift.Had I not seen a soon-to-be-opened Scottsdale location, I never would've tried this place. You know, British food and all (keep in mind my British husband who loves these things called mushy peas,  "Bubble and Squeak" and some sort of kidney pie). Ewwww...nuff said.Well, out of curiosity, I looked up the menu, and off we were to the Tempe location. It's VERY dark in here, and I imagine that on some cold, winter day, I'd like to spend a few hours in here drinking beer, listening to the awesome music they play and fiddling around with some of the menu items I haven't tried. And I know that when it's hot here, we all like to hide from the sun a little. But seriously, it's a little difficult to see the menu. And the food. On my first visit, I had "The Porky" which has pork, potatoes, apples, onion and sage. It's served with this delicious red wine gravy. I should've stopped after I asked the waitress for a to-go box, but I couldn't stop eating. It was wonderful. As in AWESOME.Today, I had the Lamb and Mint. It had lamb, rutabaga, onion and mint. Also, that wonderful red wine gravy. Killer good. And by now, you're probably aware that all of these delights are contained in this "pocket" of dough, baked and neatly sliced in two when they serve it. If you sit at the right-hand part of the bar, you can see the cooks prepare all of the food, and it's really quite an art. The best thing is this: they have all different pasties for all different tastes...italian, mexican, vegetarian, greek and even an American Thanksgiving pasty with turkey, sweet potatoes, onions, stuffing and cranberry sauce. Check out the menu and try this place. ! They have fabulous food, good music and lots of fun beers. God save the Queen. And Cornish Pasties....
4	I finally went here to eat after hearing a lot of hype. It's good, but not amazing. The food is tasty, but I was not blown away. However, for $9, you can't go wrong. I will be back.
5	I went for lunch.  I arrived right when they opened.  I am so glad I was early.  The place fills up quickly.The Pasty's are out of this world.  I went with a friend, we each ordered two each of different.  We had the best Pasty's I have had in the Valley.  They remind me of the Pasty's I had back home in Northern Michigan.I had the Chocolate Bread Pudding with Vanilla Ice Cream.  My first time with Chocolate Bread Pudding and it was the most awesome desert!!!!Excellent Service.  Great Music to enjoy.  Never ending Ice Tea.  I am definitely going back.  I ordered half baked Pasty's to bring home and bake for another time.  I will definitely go back and soon.
5	Amazing. I stop here any time I drive through Phoenix.
5	Probably the best restaurant in Tempe.  Cornish has been a favorite of mine for years now and I'm fortunate to live so close to the Tempe location. The beer and drink selection is great and a pasty is just near impossible to beat. The staff is always attentive and funky.  People of Tempe, we are fortunate to have such a place.
5	This place is awesome. Come hungry because the food portions are huge and the beer is awesome.
5	The best place for a late night snack or a mid day munch. All different Pastys for your all the different taste buds out there. Delicious unique desserts, great people and atmosphere. You can't go wrong with the great beer and drink selection either. Definitely a regular spot for me, my friends , and fam.
3	Let me first start off by saying that I love Cornish Pasty. So why the three star review? Well, their food is great, but the service is lousy. But let me back up a bit.The very first time someone told me about "The Pasty," as I refer to it, they described a pasty as "a gourmet hot pocket." Let me tell you, that did not sound appealing. Despite how great they tried to make it sound, I could not get over the idea of a gourmet hot pocket. So I never checked it out until maybe a year ago when I was recommended by another friend, and figured I'd just give it a shot. It was delightful!I've since been to The Pasty multiple times. It's the food that keeps me coming back. "The Pilgrim" is like Thanksgiving! I get it almost every time. It's a combination of turkey, sweet potatoes, onions, mushrooms, and other wonderful flavors inside. Served with a side of cranberry sauce and a red wine gravy. I'm not too crazy about the gravy, but the cranberry sauce is awesome. I've also tried their Greek salad and black bean soup, which are just as wonderful. I love the bread that comes with the soup, and the dressing on the salad.Although this location is closer to my house, I prefer going to the one on Guadalupe and Dobson because the service is slightly better (although both locations have poor service). And this location on University is way too dark and full of hipsters. But, I guess people dig that nowadays.The main reason I'm writing this review is because of a trip I made to this location yesterday. I went with my boyfriend and we split all three items mentioned above. The Greek salad, black bean soup, and The Pilgrim. I was starving and was hoping our server would bring the soup and salad out first. I was thrilled when she came back after a couple minutes with the soup and was hoping the salad would come out shortly after. I love bread and when we ran out of bread (meaning after I scarfed all the bread down), I patiently waited for our server to come back around so I could ask for more bread, as well as the status on our salad. Remember when I said I was starving? Well, I start to get a little cranky when I'm hungry, and our server was not making any rounds to see how her tables were doing. After fifteen or so minutes, I decide to go over to where our server is talking with another server, and ask for more bread, nicely of course. Once she comes back with our bread, the soup is cold, but I don't really mind. I was just happy she put more bread in front of me. A few minutes later our pasty comes out. She had obviously forgotten about our salad (guess that's what happens when you don't write anything down) so I reminded her and she comes back shortly with it. Only after we had been sitting there for ten minutes after we had finished everything and the busser, who was much friendly than our server, had already cleared the table, did our server appear from the darkness and we were finally able to get our check, pay, and leave. I'm used to the service being not so great, but this was just awful.I thought maybe if I wrote a review about my last experience, they'd change the service up or hire better servers. Serving itself isn't very hard, I know, I've done it. And it doesn't take much effort to check up on a table. But the people who work at The Pasty just don't seem to care about anything. I guess that's just a hipster thing. (I would love to see their interview process, if there even is one. "Do you know how to carry food?" "Yes." "Okay, you're hired.")Anyway, I think I will be driving out of the way to go to the other Pasty instead. Since their servers are a little more attentive and I can actually see who I'm eating with, and what I'm eating for that matter. Hah, I can only imagine what that place looks like in the light. Maybe they keep it dark for a reason.It's not like I'm expecting five star service or anything, I get that it's a bar too. But come on. If you're the type that doesn't like their server to stop by a lot, or you don't need any refills, then this place would be perfect for you.
4	Awesome beer at low prices $1 off happy hour reg 32 oz beer 8 bucks no wonder everyone loves this place.  We tried the oggy and the cheese and onion.  I love the cheese and onion and would get it again.
4	This place really is doing it right.  The pastys are tasty and large.  Service is friendly, but can be a little slow when the place is packed (Mesa location).  They recently expanded so I'm hopeful that they can keep up witht he added capacity.
5	Just a quick update. I've been many times since and these pasties are incredible.
5	The Cornish Pasty has been a favorite of mine for several years now. The food is amazing. I'm working my way through the whole menu, and I haven't ever ordered something I didn't like. The desserts are fab, too. On top of the food being great, the ambiance of the bar is great. My friends and I love to go there just to grab a beer, even if we're not in the mood for food. Great service and selection. I recommend this place to everyone looking for something new.
5	We've been here a handful of times and LOVE it. My husband and I are beer snobs (err connoisseurs), and they always have a great selection of yummy brews. My favorite pasty is the Lovely Bit of Salmon, and it sure is ... well ... lovely. I don't know how they manage to get so much delicious into a little pastry pocket. I was afraid the whole thing would taste fishy, but it was perfectly balanced with seasonings, asparagus and a little bit of potatoes. My husband's tried four or five different pasties and loved them all. We've even gotten them to go, and they're still great. We like bringing out-of-town friends here since it's a unique little place with great food and lots of character. I'd love to try one of the desserts, but I usually only finish half my dinner pasty and have no room!
4	Awesome location, both in Chandler/Mesa border and also the Tempe Location... 1st experience in about 2008 in tempe.. Lil crowded for lunch, but well worth it went a few times, then in 2010 experience Chandler/Mesa Newly opened, great look and roomy even though still packs the place, but what do you expect for the great food. Finally made it back out to the tempe location and WOW, they renovated and definitely more room, and guess what ? yes Crowded still.. I have tried almost every Non-Vegetarian Pasty, and loved them ALL. Favorites are, Cheese Steak, Steak and cheese, Pepper Steak and the Adovada.. 1 That i didn't like was a misplaced order on a very busy day and ended up somehow with shepherds pie pasty,, thinking that all the pasty's are great,, cant go wrong,, but should have known as i don't like any shepherds pie that it may be a bad call to keep it... lesson learned. Working in area and hitting this place about once a week.Keep up the great work !!!OHHHH and the BEER..... great selection,, i suggest the RAJ IPA
5	We went for late dinner, near closing -- no problem, staff was excellent. Food was rich, outdoor ambiance in lovely neighborhood at night, all completely satisfying. Thank you :)
5	The service has actually been much better the past few times I've been here. I don't know if they hired more servers or what, but I appreciate it.
2	service was horrible - and the food was ok... maybe they where having an "off" day, but I was NOT impressed.
5	Right when I walked in the door I knew I would be coming back. Sat at the bar Cornish had great beers on draft it's like a pub setting. Sneaky spot to take a girl with a deemed lighting. I at the peppered steals and my friend at the Rueben both were housed in minutes. The bartender brought out some dipping sauces the mustard creme sauce took the cake and went really good with the peppered steak. Definitely will be back
4	I know they are known for their pasties, but the Chicken Tikka Salad is delish!   We've tried the Portabello, The Italian, The Bangers and Mash -- all are yummy.  The staff is always friendly.  We've had opportunity to sit at the bar, at the tables, and at the bar near the kitchen.   It's fun all the way around.
4	Laid back deliciousness.  Comfort food for the soul.  Great beer selection.
5	I CANNOT BELIEVE these EXIST!!!!!!!! Their pasties are out of this world!!  The dough they use is light, not crumbly, and perfect, just perfect.  The fillings - HA amazing!!  the flavors will blow your mind.  I could not finish mine (cause their HUGE) so I brought it home.  Had it two days later - e-v-e-n better!  The beer selection is phenomenal.  When we first arrived, my husband and I walked in and the waitress said "sit anywhere" and we sat behind another couple at a table.  The waitress never came to our table after 20 minutes passed - not even to take a drink order.  So two seats popped open at the bar & we bee lined for them.  Thats when all became good in the world of pasties and beer.  Do not pass this place up - stop in.
1	Came here for the first time to have a going away dinner with a bunch of coworkers because we work at a restaurant nearby. TERRIBLE service. Absolutely horrible. I have never felt so unwelcome before in a restaurant in my entire life. Every person I encountered was rude to me. I sat down and was never offered anything, never even got water! I tasted a friend's pasty and wasn't very good. A slightly better hotpocket really. After telling a friend about how bad the service was, she told me she also got horrible service and got food poisoning after eating there a few weeks earlier. Needless to say, I'll NEVER step foot in there again !
4	Yummy!
4	When you're in the mood for fresh homemade turnovers pasties head over to the Cornish Pasty Company in Tempe which is right next door to Rosita's Fine Mexican Food. Once you arrive you will notice two entrances the one to your right is the original restaurant with bar stools. And the entrance to your left is the new addition that has a bar and table seating. Since all of the pasties are made from scratch be patient you will wait 30 minutes for your order but they are so worth it. All of the pasties come with a side sauce or dressing ranging from red wine gravy, mint yogurt, tzatziki, tahini, to peppercorn brandy cream sauce.Since I love spicy food I normally get the Carne Adovada or the Cajun Chicken. Carne Adovada $9.50Simmered pork in New Mexican red chili stew, Mexican rice, hatch chilies and cheddar. With a side of sour cream and salsa.Cajun Chicken $9.00Spicy cajun chicken breast, bacon, ham and Swiss. With a side of chipotle sauce.
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE "The Pasty", as my bff and I call it!  Met my boyfriend there at the bar!  love the leek and potato soup with the bread and butter!  LOVE! and the service is always excellent!
4	First time eating Pasties and I'm impressed! Quite the local favorite. :) I had the pepper steak pasty and it did not disappoint. Pepper steak pasty was very filling but not large in terms of portion (it must have been all that starch from the baked bread). The various ingredients were fresh and right out of the oven hot. There were some nice mushrooms, peppers, and onions that complimented the pasties very well. The pasty may have been a little too salty for me but it was still delicious. Another notable item was the oven chips. They were very delicious with its combination of flavor with the garlic and jalapenos. The ketchup that came along with the oven chips seems to be very fresh rather than using a bottle of Heinz. Overall, a good impression from eating here after a long day on the road to Tempe.
1	This was not my first visit. I've enjoyed myself on previous visits but this time ... not so much. Pros: the waitress was good, kept my water filled repeatedly without being asked and checked on me regularly...reflected in her tip. Cons: I really like curry so I ordered the "curried potato" side dish with my pasty. I wanted to like them, I really did but they were so salty as to make them inedible. The waitress apologized and took them off the bill. The "bangers & mash" pasty was great but again the small cup of gravy was too salty to be edible..and I'm a guy who eats salty foods.OK, I didn't need the gravy. My desert pasty arrived without the accompanying ice cream or cream sauce. The explanation was that the fridge unit with the ice cream apparently went down ....the ice cream was all melted....sorry here's your pasty without the rest of the desert. Brandon (manager) stopped by my table;  he started out by saying he understood there was a problem with my ice cream...I had to explain that the ice cream wasn't served at all...he seemed surprised. He acknowledged that I clearly should be disappointed if the full desert described on the menu hadn't been served .... Got me my check...the full price of the desert was included on the bill. I paid up and left. I know if I had asked him to reduce the price of the desert he would have done so...but frankly after visiting my table and learning that half of the desert dish hadn't been served, I shouldn't have had to ask.
5	As a vegetarian, I am usually wary of Western (as in American/English/etc.) cuisine. There aren't many choices available and the few that are, usually turn into disappointments.Cornish has a separate menu for vegetarians. But make no mistake - this menu is not your usual disappointing veggie substitute stuff. It lists a variety of items that are delicious so I never feel like I have to settle. We've been to the Mesa location and love the ambience there. It has great service and is relatively easy on the pocket. I highly recommend it.
4	I went here for lunch yesterday and didn't have any trouble parking or getting a table. Not sure if that is because it was the middle of the day... or if its because its summer and so no students were around. Anyway, they have the same awesome food as the other location so I was well satisfied! This time I ordered the bangers and mash and it was fantastic. I love the red wine gravy dipping sauce. Soooo good!
5	Delicious.  From the moment you get to parking lot the aroma is outstanding. Although I thought my Alfredo pasty was good, the pb and j pasty dessert was my highlight. It was a amazing. All the desserts sounded bomb. I can't wait to try them all. Will be back!!
5	This location has been recently remodeled, I think it could still use some more work as their Mesa location is so much nicer but the food makes up for it.  The only downside, is the pasty take a little while to bake, but just sit back, relax, and sip down on a beer or any other drink from their bar, a local gem.
5	Cornish Pasty never fails to disappoint. I love that they have lots of vegetarian options and even a couple vegan options! They have a great beer selection as well and super cheap Irish car-bombs (my favorite) during their happy hour. The staff is always super friendly and on top of things. I'm so happy a place like this exists!!
4	The food is absolutely outstanding, service is bad. Worth it for that pasty though. My advice? Get it to go and have a picnic in the park just north of the place ;)Also they're mixed drinks always seem a bit light too... stick with the drafts.
5	Amazing place.
4	Got the Lamb Vindaloo and a beer. I love lamb, but I don't love spicy. It was a little spicy for me, but still delicious. GET THE LEEK SOUP. Amazingggg.
4	The "lil bit o salmon" is off the chain! Hearty and delicious! Service is always welcoming and the desserts are awesome! I hate that it gets so crowded at lunch - but thats what happens when you serve up solid food for decent prices!You have to try this place, definitely a hidden gem in Tempe!
4	My boyfriend and I came here to celebrate our one year anniversary of our first date (which was also at cornish pasty :)). A year ago when I came hear I loved the ambiance and three dollar car bombs! However, I ordered the pasty my boyfriend recommended that had mashed potatoes (i hate mashed potatoes) due to first date jitters, so I could not appreciate how amazing the food is here. This time around I ordered the Greek Chicken Pasty and was blown away!! The dough is amazing and I was extremely pleased with my pasty. I would recommend this place to anyone!
2	I wish there was a way to leave two different sets of stars. My 2/5 will hopefully get their attention. I was glad to see that the restaurant is doing well and remodeled their two locations with more locations coming soon. The food at Cornish Pasty is impeccable. I always bring friends and family visiting here to try the unique cuisine. I like to explain it as 'gourmet hot pockets'. I haven't ordered a thing I didn't like. I know it can be hard for picky eaters since there are no substitutions but thankfully I don't have that problem. Their soups are amazing, all made in house. The peppered steak and chicken and rice soup are my two favorite dishes. The Mesa location recently added some new appetizers and I can't wait to try them all. Very disappointed to find that Tempe didn't add them to the menu yet. The atmosphere, music, and excellent drink selection is another aspect I love about this place. It's good for dates as well. $5 mid shelf and always $3 Irish Car bombs with lots of microbrews on draft? YES PLEASE. The one thing I hate about Cornish Pasty, and the reason why I give it 2/5 is the SERVICE SUCKS. It must be a requirement to be a hipster with 5+ visible tattoos/piercings with a poor work effort. You even get a raise for having poor personal hygiene! I've been eating at Cornish Pasty for 5 years and have never received good service. Last time I ate at the mesa location the service had improved a lot, unfortunately I went to Tempe a week later and had awful service. I could go into detail about the awful service, forgetting ordered items, being ignored and the general distasteful appearance of the staff. I don't mind tattoos and piercings, I have some! I was even a waitress for 7 years, but you should really brush your hair, shower, or wear socks to work.If you like great food, drinks and atmosphere and can stand the idiots they hire to serve you. Then definitely eat here. I will continue to be a regular, I just wish their management would shape up those servers. I would recommend the Mesa location over the Tempe one. The Mesa one added new menu items, I ate there about 3 weeks ago and received great service. The Tempe one continues to disappoint. Although the food is always top notch.
4	I have been here twice for lunch, once on my own and once with a co-worker and I enjoyed the food experiences both times but the atmosphere...well...it could use some help.Visit #1: I bellied up to the counter so I could eat while watching the kitchen staff put together some of the dessert pasties. I ended up also sitting next to the manager or owner who was cracking away on his laptop. I didn't mind though, the building was small and he might not have an office to work in. My main issue with the ambiance is just how dark it is in there, it is almost like a seedy bar with really low hanging lights over the tables that emit very little light.On this run, I tried the Rosemary Chicken pasty and it was awesome. The chicken was perfectly seasoned, the peppers tasted great and the potatoes were spot on. It was like eating a handheld rosemary chicken pot pie, but better. i wasn't a big fan of the mustard sauce, but the pasty was perfectly good on its own.Visit #2: My coworker and I sat at a table that eventually got half-occupied by another large work group. It was a little distracting and the table situation should really be worked on, but I didn't see it as a big problem nor did my coworker.This time around I tried the Oggie, a traditional pasty with steak, potatoes, onions, and swede with the red wine gravy. I've had some pasties in my time, but this was spot on and very tasty.I will definitely be visiting again, though I will probably stick to eating at the bar...
5	Anthony P couldn't have put it more succinctly....we never considered this place because i thought it was just British meat/pub food. i am ashamed of thinking this!the decor/atmosphere is actually like a british pub...all the windows are blacked out, but it just adds to the warmth and ambiance of the place.we went during the lunch hour but found 2 spots at the bar and were greeted immediately. for non-meat eaters, the menu has TONS to offer! everything from traditional vegetable only options, to full on "fake" meat options (chicken, beef, etc soy product). i ordered the "chicken" massala pasty, the wife ordered the eggplant parm. i should have only eaten half because their dessert pasty's look amazing as well. alas, my lunch pasty was so tasty, i couldn't bear to not eat the whole thing. fair warning....they are huge! best to share or eat only half and maybe try a soup or a dessert selection. mine was so flavorful and rich and full of curry! the breaded part of the pasty was crispy, kind of thick...but not heavy....like, there was way more filling than crust so you feel like you're getting a great deal! all that for a meager 8-9 bucks!i cannot wait to try the other options on their menu. no wonder it has such a high star rating. oh, and our sever was very cool....even giving us suggestions for our next outing here!
5	The name threw me off at first when my husband suggested it for lunch. I thought it was a chicken place or something with cornish in the name. Oh no my friends this place is fantastic for meat and veggie eaters alike. A pasty is similar to a calzone, but with a flaky pie-type crust, not a dough crust, and filled with various meats or vegetables. Kind of like a pot pie to go. To our delight they have a whole menu page filled with vegetarian pastys. I got the eggplant parmesan and my husband got the tiki masala with "soy" chicken. It was just delicious!!! Flaky and warm with delicious filling for $9. The inside is British pub decor with dark wood, church pews for seating, two bars where you can order drinks/food, and the staff was super friendly. We sat us at the bar and one of the employees enthusiastically pointed out the purse hooks for me to hang my purse! Every bar needs to have these! I think this place is automatically a new favorite.
5	They make such good hot pocket. Freezer pocket is taste of dumpster when I eat Pasty as well get three sheets wind. Every time is EXCELLENT at The Cornish Pasty of Tempe! Yay the gourmet Potatoes :)
5	Great food! Great beers on tap! They own it with there vegetarian selection. Plus Dean, the owner is pretty much a bad ass. Thanks for the t shirt old neighbor!
5	Oggie is the best
2	Eek!  This was a second time in just a few weeks I've had a "Meh, I've had much better experience!"  What has happened to Cornish Pasty???  So I felt compelled to write a review about my experiences so that others would know this Cornish Pasty is in need of some management/owner love/help or something.... Service~ yikes! It was turrible, to quote Charles Barkley.  Both visits were the same experience but with different servers.  The servers here seem more interested in talking with each other rather than serving their customers.  On both visits we had to remind our server multiple times to refill our drinks and bring us condiments.  Probably the biggest disappointment is when we complained about our food.  They both were very disinterested in turning our poor dining experience into a positive one.  When we asked to speak to someone in charge in our 2nd turrible visit the waitress disappeared!  I kid you not!  She never came back and when we asked the bartender about her she stated that she went on a break....Food~ prior visits we've had a pretty good experience trying the different pasty's however lately their food has not been up to par!  The pasty's are very dry lately for some reason and they lack flavor.  This last visit we had the bangers and mash, chicken and the traditional beef and potatoes.  We also had a couple of side of fries and some salads.  The salads and fries were the best parts of our dining experience again unfortunately.  The banger and mash was ok.  It had a good balance of bangers to mash but had too much onions.  Since when did onions become a major star in this pasty?  The chicken pasty was not filled completely and was very dry.  The waitress suggested the red wine sauce to help?? WTH?  NO THE RED WINE SAUCE DOES NOT GO WELL WITH ALL PASTY'S, ESPECIALLY THEIR CHICKEN PASTY! It was gross!  We asked for a different sauce.   The waitress stated that was their only sauce but she could bring us ketchup and that's what a lot of people use.  Yes she did say that! If a lot of people are requesting ketchup, the cook, heck the owner needs to know their customers are having to douse their pasty's in ketchup because they are too dry.  The beef and potato pasty was more potato than beef and yes it was arid dry as the desert....So for both visits I give this Cornish Pasty 2 stars because of their salad and fries.  For had we not order those this would easily be a 1 star review. I hope they can turn this place around soon!
4	This place is awesome!! If you have never been here then you are missing out. We absolutely loved the food. Of course it is not a light meal, but hey what do you expect by the pictures you see. We also had their dessert and it was fabulous. The restaurant definitely has some interesting group style seating but it is definitely unique. I am sure we will be back here again before we leave the Phoenix area.
5	This place is pretty good! Yummy draft beers & delicious pastys. I like how many vegetarian options they have! I don't feel left out at all coming here with my meat eating friends. The Greek pasty is my favorite so far!
4	This is not the normal type of restaurant I would go to but I was dragged there by my wifey and I was pleasantly surprised. First off, they have real good selection of pasties... and for that I mean empanada type hot pockets w/ all kinds of different items. The Good, I had the rosemary chicken pasty and potato wedges. The server was very friendly and on top of things for us. Parking was also a breeze. The bad: The ambiance was absolutely horrible. It was pitch black and hard to maneuver. The layout was great but too dark to enjoy. The service was great for us but the table next to us was ignored for a long time. Lastly the potato chips were pretty bad. Not sure why the wedges were so good but these weren't edible. Lastly the bill was not as painful as other places I have been dragged to so I will be back.
5	I'm sure I agree with just about everyone else's raves about this place, so here's my own spin on the place:I love love love that I never knew puff pastry could be so versatile and delicious.Lovely bit o salmon is just that! The veggies inside are perfect! And the sauce mmmm!The Royale is named so appropriately!! If you like burgers, you will Love it!! Service is good, always someone spunky and friendly.But my main reason it's awesome???I reheated my Lovely Bit o Salmon in the microwave 2 days later, and it was still astoundingly fresh tasting but perhaps even more flavorful?!  That might just be a culinary miracle. I recommend this place to anyone, visiting, living here, young, old, meat lovers and not.
5	My wife was in Tempe yesterday and picked up two pasties for me, a traditional and a more fancy Chicken Tikka Masala. I ate the traditional last night and it was the best pasty I have ever eaten. I am an Englishman who has eaten a huge number of these delicious pastries, I think the key was the pastry, in England they tend to have too much and not enough filling, this was not the case at the Cornish Pasty Company. Can't wait to eat the second one tonight. I can only review the food, but I will be visiting this location very soon.We need a location in the West Valley!!
5	One word... Awesome! Any choice is a good one.
5	Always a good time. Excellent soup, especially the tomato basil. Comes with fresh homemade bread! Great food, drinks, music. I'd recommend this little hole-in-the-wall to ANYONE :)
5	This place is awesome.  Had a giant beer and a pasty.  Pretty much a fancy hot pocket, but really good nonetheless.
4	Service is slow and has gotten worse since expanding. Food variety is great and the boutique Pastys are very filling.
5	The food here is so freaking good.  Totally a hipster place, but once you eat a Pasty, you will come back no matter what!  Just recently expanded too!
4	Good variety of pasties and drink. A bit small, so not much elbow room. One of my favorite places in Tempe for lunch. Pretty noisy and packed later in the evenings.  A good change of pace if you are looking for something out of the ordinary for lunch or dinner.
4	Mmmmmm.  Is all I have to say.  Their pasty's are the best I have ever had.  I took my sister here when she came into town, and she loved it!  Can't get enough!
5	Amazing place. Great food. We sat at the bar and the bartender was awesome, very friendly and helpful.
5	You have a lot of choices when it comes to food in Tempe but Cornish Pasty has been a staple of the area for years. There's a reason why they're one of the best reviewed restaurants in Tempe. You might also notice their success has them expanding to multiple locations. It takes awhile for these new locations to find their legs, but Tempe is the original Pasty that started it all. An excellent staff and unique atmosphere compliment some of the best food you're likely to find in the area.Oh, and they have an extensive assortment of beers on tap, many imported. They treat the beer with respect here, ensuring every pint is served up fresh. It sounds gross, but many restaurants don't properly take care of the hoses that connect the beer to the tap -- you end up with half your beer sitting outside of the refrigeration and going stale. Pasty's staff make sure everything is fresh like any proper bar -- something unique for a restaurant to do.My personal favorites include the Cajun Chicken, Tikka, Meat and Cheese and the Royale. Honestly, order anything off the menu and you really can't go wrong.Make sure if you order chips to ask the server for the 'wild' style, which includes baked garlic and fresh jalapenos. Adds an amazing kick.
4	Cornish Pasty is delicious! They recently expanded the floorplan to accommodate  larger groups, and now have an outdoor patio for cooler nights. The food is simple but delicious, filing but not super greasy. I love the classic pasty just since the rutabega is prepared with just a tiny hint of crunch left,  just the way I like it. And the dipping sauce is awesome. I wish they would bottle that stuff and sell it. Only downsides are the really, squinty dark interior at night, and the wobbly recycled pew benches. Staple those shits down, guys! Otherwise, a super awesome place with kickass food.
5	Chicken tikka was fantastic. Cool atmosphere. Hard to find and no clearly marked entrance. Good beer selection and helpful wait staff. Would definitely go back again.
4	I have visited this place only once. From outside, I was not able to guess since the windows were blacked. This restaurant is long and narrow. Tables are cramped, but that does not dilute the experience.Food is good, love it. Their food also contains Tikka Masala variants (this taste is still debated whether it originated in England or Indian subcontinent). My overall experience was great. Looking forward to visit it again.
5	Great location, food and staff. Cornish Pasty delivers the best quality food and service every visit. I love the Italian pasty! Everything from their pastys to dessert have been consistently amazing!
5	Great food! I always get the Greek Vegetarian pasty. I want to try something else but this ones just too delicious. For a special treat, go for the Banoffee pie! Fantastic!
5	OMG!!!!!!!!!I just had dinner at Cornish pasty with my two buds and all I can say is A-W-E-S-O-M-E!Had my all-time favorite, the Pilgrim. Can you say thanksgiving?? All my favorite ingredients wrapped up into one sweet tasty package. Turkey, sweet potatoes, etc.I do not recommend the banoffee pie, but this is strictly for religious reasons.Shirley temples pudding is to die for. I would probably not go anywhere else in town other than this place for the treacle.Also, the waitress was pretty cute.This place almost makes me wish I was a Cornish pasty.
5	this go-around, i ordered the cottage pasty, vegetarian. filled with quinoa meat and lots of potatoes and veggies. it was divine. the wife and i split the banana desert with graham cracker crust and caramel drizzle....caramel dollop that is. super rich and sweet. it was delicious but i felt my teeth hurting afterwards. we'll go a little more savory next time!still an awesome place with over excellent service.
5	This place was amazing! And the selection was fantastic :)
4	Really liked the Thanksgiving dinner one! Will come back
3	I have tried both the pesto chicken and the spicy asiago chicken. Neither were really that amazing, as I was expecting from the reviews. It was good, but not amazing. My friends that I've come here with agreed. The people who work here are so nice though, service was great. The pasties are very filling, you will leave stuffed (I couldn't finish a full pasty in one sitting).I'll probably go back sometime to try one more pasty, maybe I was just expecting too much?
5	If you have never had a pasty before in your life, you need to ask yourself what your problem is, and get down the the Cornish Pasty Company, ASAP!!!!!  I'm not going to go further, just go, find the one that looks best to you, and get it, you will NOT be disappointed!Not to mention they have Hoegaarden on draft!!!
4	Tried this place for the first time.. Yes I'm in love and I plan to try more items on the menu. I came later at night so it was a bit dark and loud from me. Hard to have a conversation with a soft voice, but eassssy to stuff your face with delicious pasties!
4	This place is really fun and eclectic.  The servers look like a mix between hipsters and homeless, but the food is amazing and the service is fantastic.  I felt right at home and will definitely be back.
4	I thought pasties were those patches that cover a woman's nipples, but in this case they refer to a raised semicircular comestible made in the tradition of Cornish miner's lunches. After seeing all the Yelp reviews, I had to make it to Cornish Pasty Company. Great options for vegetarian and carnivore alike. Great beer selection on tap. Service here was great, the staff seemed to genuinely want to make it great. They definitely have a system here to serve up all these pasties, from freezer to fridge to oven, but the end product was still fresh and served piping hot. A unique experience, and definitely worth a visit. Now where in Phoenix can I find the other type of pasties?
5	Oh man, how does one describe perfection.  I absolutely LOVE this place with a passion.  I literally cannot stop dreaming about the next time im gonna go in, The variety they have is awesome, i originally wanted to try all of them, and got a good start, then found a couple favorites, the Chicken Tiki Masala one is phenominal, and the potato soup is to die for.  But it comes out super hot, dont eat it immediately.  Its like lava, but delicious lava. ALSO the peanut butter and jelly pasty is SOOOO good.  haha.  And the potatotes.  Damn, pretty much everything is great.  Do yourself and your buddies a favor and GO!
5	This place is the spot. Amazing inside and out. Underground vibe, crusty snacks, sexy suds, tasty tracks, you're good for the night here. The salads are pretty good and they have a dedicated veggy section which always tickles my fancy.
5	Service was amazeballs. Food was bomb. Great for vegetarians. So incredibly good! Highly reccomend.
5	Couldn't be better. Beer, great music. Hard workers.  Had the bangers and mash with mushy peas... And the Royale with Cheese... AND the Reuben. All very, very tasty. A+ for ambience, too. Great music, and sitting in the kitchen bar adds to the experience.
5	By and large, I am a huge fan of the American revolution, "give me liberty or give me death," and all that jazz. However, the tainted, revisionist history textbooks that brainwash our youth these days cleverly gloss over the greatest void created when the british were expunged: exquisite hand-held edibles. Over the last 200 years, the sandwich has had its day, the hamburger did its best to satisfy, and fringe cultists have clung to the wrap, shawarma, burrito, or gyro for solace, but now you can have the real deal in all its glory! Soft, flaky, golden crust that makes every Marie Calendar's pie, Hotpocket, and Toaster Struedel hang it's head in shame! Variegated, creative, symphonious fillings that arch like piping hot rainbows over your fortunate tongue. I have to stop now, or else I won't be able to resist driving the 11 hours from salt lake to salvation.Ironically, given this verbacious soliloquy, my favorite pasty is probably the pilgrim.
5	Great rosemary steak pasty. The Banger and mash pasty was outstanding. Greek salad had a ton of feta cheese on it, which I liked. The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful. Great tunes, service was flawless. I'm going back.
5	This place is extremely different from the one on Guadalupe. It's not in the best area of town and when you go inside, it's kind of like a dungeon. All the windows are covered, it's super dark and almost creepy like. However, don't let that scare you away! Their food is still the best ever! You must try their cajun chicken pasty. Yumyumyum!
4	Very unique place to eat.  Has a little bit of everything.  Definitely try it!
5	I love, love, love this place! I eat here any chance I get. I love everything about it. The location is convenient for me, the atmosphere is exactly what I like in a restaurant. It's laid back and not stuffy. Staff is attentive but not pushy. Music is eclectic like much of its staff and clientele. I feel at home here. The beer selection is fantastic! The food is out of this world. My usual is The Pilgrim but I have had many others and have never had a pasty I didn't like. This is a regular spot for me and I am SO glad it's in my life!
3	Mmmm. Hipster Hot Pockets. Twice we've gone, and both times I've had the Peppercorn Steak, and the BF has had the Royale with Cheese. Both times, they were great.  Crispy on the outside, piping hot on the inside and they come with yummy dipping sauces. Great beer selection as well, too bad there isn't a location conveniently located near me! Locale is Ok-ish, typical college-area pub/eatery-like atmosphere. A bit dark, the only complaint is the church pews for seating of large groups. Not gonna lie, they straight up feel like they're about to collapse, and they make it damned near impossible to get out of if you're not sitting on the end. Hope you don't have to get up to pee! Eek. But hey, it's about the food, right?
5	If you like Cornish Pasties, then you'll dig this place. Their traditional 'flavors' are spot on with what you'd get across the pond in the UK.They also have a LOT of non-traditional versions - like a chicken tikka.And if you have no clue what a pasty is, but you like things like pot pies or even hot pockets, then give this place a go.Good selection of beers, too.Only thing to be aware of is that the place sort of looks closed (or even out of business) from the side entrance. Don't let that fool or deter you.
5	Amazing!! I have been here many times over the years and I don't think I have ever had a pasty that wasn't delicious. I honestly believe that you could open the menu, blindly point to any one of their pasties, and you will have a delicious and satisfying meal. Oh, and don't forget, both their bottle and draft beer selections are any craft beer fans dream.
4	Wonderful meat pies!  Reminded me of New Zealand!  Tasty and lots of food!  Will be a regular stop and I go through Phoenix!
4	This is a funky little place with awesome comfort food and nice service.  If you're into light, this is not the place for you.  Think more underground cafe.  The food is homemade and delicious.  But seriously, dessert.  I had the banoffee.  There's not much better in the world than that.  I would have to say that this place might even be a good reason to live in Arizona.
4	Very hipster, but the pasties make it worth coming back. It's tough to stray from my go to: The Pilgrim (it's like thanksgiving in your mouth everyday of the year). They have over 20 different varieties to choose from though, so it's sure to please the entire group.TIP: Wash it down with one (or two or more) 3 dollar Irish Car Bombs all day everyday
4	Stopped by for lunch on a Friday...decent crowd for a late lunch.  Had the Adovada Pasty and it was very good.  Could have been a little hotter, but the flavor was good.  Salsa is homemade and very good.  CJ, the bartender was very nice and helpful too.
5	Oh man. So many choices, so little room in my stomach. I tried both the cottage pie pasty and the chicken pot pie pasty. Out of this world! The pastry shell is so delicate and tasty. I will be back!
5	Very nice place and awesome pastries. There haven't been a single instance when my pastry was not good, it has been always awesome. There are so many options for every kind of taste. Everyone I have taken there for lunch has liked whatever they have ordered. Decor and setup is very good and different than a regular lunch place. There was only one instance, when I felt bad because they asked us to free up the table when we were having a short after lunch talk, I can understand their constraint because it was raining outside and there were few people waiting for their table. Other than this instance, it has always been a nice place to have tasty lunch.
5	WOW! As an appetizer we started with the Chips and added the garlic. They were perfect amount of crisp and seasoning. Next, we ordered The Oggie and Chicken Pot Pie. They both had the red gravy that was the perfect touch. Both pasties were great! The service was okay considering they were pretty busy. However, food came out very quickly. Everything on the menu looks so delicious. I look forward to going back!
5	Ok so let me start by saying this review is probably pointless, since I doubt any of you will read 780 reviews to make a decision. But this is my favorite meal in Tempe. The wait staff is great, and not the fake "hi welcome to blah blah blah I'm so happy you're dining with us can I take your order". This is truly a great part of Tempe culture. If you feel uncomfortable here because it's hipstery or whatever else, may I suggest any of the corporate food chains in Gilbert?  I have never had a bad meal here...EVER. With all that being said there is really only one Pasty worth ordering that is the Shepard's Pie. Look I get it there are like 50 other ones here to choose from but save your time and just order the Sheppard's pie.
5	I love this place!  The food is fantastic and very reasonably priced, the staff is amazing with great customer service, and they have great beers on tap as well as a nice selection of wine.   The interior is comfortable with large farm style tables for groups.    I frequent this place at least once a week - it is that good!
4	I've had take out from Cornish Pasty a couple times the latest was the most incredible Pilgrim pasty stuffed with Turkey, sweet potatoes, onion, cranberry and complete with a wine sauce for dipping, made you feel like you had a warm Thanksgiving dinner, minus the pumpkin pie. Then after reading Preston's ROTD the fabulous Monica J sent me an invite for lunch to our closest location. The restaurant is a bit dark but inviting and our waitress Jenny got us served up in no time.(greatly appreciated on a worktime lunch hour) I ordered the Bangers and Mash Pasty, homemade pork with sage sausage, red wine gravy, grilled onions and potatoes and more wine gravy on the side, not enough to make you tipsy but it does leave you feeling warm and fuzzy like good comfort food should. If you're looking to satisfy your appetite with warm comfort food, this is the place! Top notch pasties everytime!
5	Absolutely delicious and and good presentation. I had the chicken tikka masala which was perfectly made.Inexpensive but amazing flavors that will burst in your mouth , make sure you eat here before you kick the bucket
4	Pasties are awesome with a wide selection. Food takes a long time, even the appetizers.But with a large selection of draft beer, with a drink in hand, time is never a problem among friends.  I grew up in Michigan and was born in the UP of Michigan. I grew up eating Pasties. These are fricking good....
5	Wow-this place is incredible and the best British food I've ever eaten. Keep up the great work
4	The food at Cornish Pasty is unique, freshly made, and delicious! For the vegetarians, I highly recommend The Greek ($8.50) and the Balsalmic Portobello ($9) - both are flaky, delicious and oh so flavorful! My mates enjoy the more traditional meat and gravy pasties and rave about The Oggie (steak + potatoes) and The Royale with Cheese so there's something for everyone and you really can't go wrong!ServiceVery attentive and friendly. Relaxed yet polite servers. The waiter kept a close eye on our beverages and offered refills on our water. I'm always concerned going with a large group to dinner about the check because rarely do I carry extra cash and some restaurants make a fuss about splitting checks. Thankfully, splitting checks isn't an issue at Cornish Pasty. Our server happily complied with our request without batting an eye. The service was excellent so we were fine leaving a little extra gratuity since it made splitting the bill easier. Our waiter was jubilant over the slightly more than 20% gratuity, which just underscores that this is not one of those fancy, pretentious restaurants that expects a generous tip. Physical spaceBeware: The restaurant is NOT visible from street when driving down University. When I finally found the restaurant around the corner and walked up, the windows were black and it appeared as if it was closed. Fret not - it IS in fact open! Apparently the restaurant also recently expanded and friends who had visited the restaurant previously were impressed with the remodel. The bathroom was the one place that suggested more of a pub and college feel. On the bathroom walls I found strange graffiti art. Some inscriptions may have been written by Lady Gaga during her carnivorous costume days or a confused co-ed (e.g., "I am meat"). In any event, once you find the hidden restaurant delicious pasties and friendly service are just a few steps away!
4	good
4	I've heard a ton of buzz about this place around the main campus but never gave it a try until last weekend. The atmosphere in there is really interesting; walls and windows are painted black, good music with all different types playing.The staff are very friendly, professional, and fun. I like that instead of wearing uniforms or name tags like most places, they are encouraged to wear normal street clothes which I think gives the place a moreto comfortable relaxed atmosphere.Great selection of draft beers on hand behind the bar. I gave the meat and cheese a try, and was not disappointed! Really good combination of sausage and cheddar cheese inside a pastry. I will be visiting that place more often now for sure!
5	Wow, I am a convert!  The pasties are amazing.  I highly recommend the Chicken Tikka Masala pasty.  It was so tasty!  Their menu looks really good, and I look forward to coming back to try more.  Our server Stephanie was great!  Service was really fast.  This is a great place to grab a beer too.  Enjoy!
5	This is authentic Cornish Pasty.  We love having a little piece of England nearby.  English ales, English type soups, and the pasties.  Oh, and yes that sticky toffee pudding is a must order.  Go, you won't be disappointed.  And if it's your first time, sitting at the bar is a great idea so you can watch them create the pasties.  It's amazing.
5	The food here is to die for...I'd highly recommend the pilgrim. It is a Thanksgiving party in your mouth... I love leftovers over the regular Thanksgiving meal and this pasty puts those leftovers to shame. The other meals we've had there have also been freaking amazing. Mix in some craft beer and it's a perfect night out. The only negative thing I can say is that both times I've gone they've been rather busy... But busy is good so just make a reservation or go off of peak hours.
5	Where am I? Brooklyn? Portland? This place is hip! The staff must skateboard to work because several boards have been left leaning against the bar--one even with a flannel. Btw, the staff are awesome. Food? Yum! So yummy. Pasties are a new culinary treat filled with deliciousness. I'm so full from eating one and sharing another with a friend. Wine and beer? Great selection! Decor? Love it! Great for a date or a group. The big tables manage to feel intimate due to the low lighting and large space of the restaurant. I will be back!
5	HMOG!  I'm in love!  I had the bangers n mash pasty today - my first time to this establishment.  It brought me back to Sunday "dinners" when I was a kid in New England.  AMAZING flavor, and my grandmother would have been happy with the pastry.  For dessert, I tasted my friend's PB, banana & Raspberry J pasty.  REALLY?  hahahaha - my tongue is still laughing with delight!  RIDICULOUSLY tasty pasty! I WILL be back.  Please don't deny yourself!!!!  Oh...wait - atmosphere...not what I expected.  Dark, loud music, but my friend and I were very comfortable holding a conversation above the sounds.  My eyes adjusted to the light! (ha) Waiter was very personable, and the service was good.  If you're in a rush, get take out.  If you have some time to comfortably kill, eat in.  Whatever your time allotment to spend, don't forego this restaurant.  (sigh)
5	I was out in the East Valley for a meeting, so met a friend for lunch since we don't see each other often. She suggested Cornish Pasty and said it was one of her favorite spots.This place is amazing! I had the pasty that has salmon, asparagus, potatoes (can't recall it's name), and it was delish. She had the Cajun Chicken and told me it was one of her two favorites. So many of the pasties sounded so good!!  I will be back... My husband will love this place.
4	A co-worker and myself decided to make this our last lunch before Christmas stop.  And while I have been here a couple of times before . . . I noticed that I had never written a review.I had The Royale with Cheese a side of their British Style Baked Beans, and a Boddington . . . the pasty as always was out of this world, hot, juicy, cheesy, and full of flavor . . . the beans were a disappointment, dry, lacking in flavor, however, very spicy . . . the beer was a little on the warm side and had to let it rest before I would drink it.Ultimately, you come for the pasties, and as always they were great . . . with a little work on the other two items . . . five stars is easily attainable . . . and yes . . . this place is as always is definitely on the I WILL BE BACK list.
1	Boooooo!  Walked in, sat at the kitchen back bar area for five minutes, we weren't even greeted.  We figured that we must have to sit around the other side so we got up, walked around and stood around looking lost for another five minutes.  There isn't a way to tell who works there and who doesn't in the sea of skinny jeans plaid shirts and black rimmed glasses so we finally left.  I've eaten here before, the food is pretty good but customer service is more important than food.  I'll take my dollar and properly fitting pants somewhere else.
5	This place is awesome, traditional English pasty is what you'll get. The service is so so , your typical hipster to cool for school vibe But all in all it is good, oh and I forgot to mention the beers amazing beer on tap, some of what I only thought they sold in bottles. Also a great place to take a date.
5	I love this place!  The Patsy's are delicious; the ingredients are always so fresh and I haven't had a pasty that I didn't like.  There's a relaxed and comfortable vibe wether you sit at the bar or one of the tables with the church benches; and this place also has the BEST dessert! The sticky toffee pudding and a pot of P.G. Tips is a perfect way to end your experience.
4	I live pretty close to this location and haven't done a new review in a couple of year so, to start the new year, let me just say that the Cornish Pasty Company is still a great place to go have a delicious pasty and some suds. They have a nice collection on tap and even more beers, I believe, in the bottle. I like that you can watch the food prep opera at the bar as they are continually putting together new pasties to keep up the supplies or, one of my new favorites, when the weather is nice, sit at the outside patio to enjoy the cool weather and the piped out music, which is audible but not overpowering.My favorite pasties, which are a welsh savory pastry, are:The Peppered SteakThe Greek (vegetarian)I'm also a big fan of their incredibly fresh house salads with pesto dressing - a regular is good enough for two people or half works for a single serving. I understand there are now locations in Mesa and Old Town Scottsdale but this was the original location and dare I say it, still my favorite. Worth checking out if you are looking for a place with good food and good beer, and people watching is always fun due to the location close to the University, it has a significant bohemian vibe and though I'm not a hipster (too old and too fat), it is fun to mingle with the more visible members of the creative class that Richard Florida writes about.
5	Quite frankly, my little sister doesn't understand why I write reviews on Yelp and it annoys her when I take pictures of food, but she has demanded that I give this place 5 stars and exclaimed, "Look at the craftsmanship (of the pastry)...this is actually worth a photo!" Sooo, yeah Cornish Pastry Co is a 4.5 in my book, easily rounded up to a 5.While I would probably never find and/or try this restaurant on my own, I was highly intrigued by the excellent ratings and sheer number of reviews, so my sister and I dropped in just after 11:00 for lunch. I think we made the rookie mistake of entering through the dark, candle-lit kitchen side (with tables along the wall) rather than the far door with the actual dining room, but sitting on either is fine. They even have a patio!The staff was great, answering any questions we had about the menu and service was well-paced. Now...the FOOD! As a (mostly) vegetarian, I was pretty blown away by the options - I have to eat a lot of veggie burgers elsewhere - but this place has a whole vegan/vegetarian page of items, some of which include veggie chicken and beef. Forget what anyone else has said...nothing could be better than the Eggplant Parmesan pastie! ;) My sister also loved her Lamb and Mint pastie, saying it was "effing delicious" and that the mint was not overpowering. The pastry is not doughy like pizza crust, but rather flaky and crispy like a biscuit. The vegetables were cooked perfectly, as they were fresh and still a little crunchy. Literally my only complaint about this place is that my meal was so good I kept trying to bite into it while it was still hot, burning my mouth multiple times. I look forward to coming back the next time I'm visiting my sis in Tempe, as I know she's about to jump on the Cornish Pastry Co regular train! She already has the "Pilgrim" pastie picked out as her next one to try and at about $9/meal, I bet she'll have worked through most of the menu by the time I see her again.Definitely put this on your "must see" list of places to eat (for lunch)!
4	Great food, mediocre service.  Not someplace to go with a big group or kids, but if you have a little time to wait - it's worth it!  If you like mushrooms, you must try the Mushroom, Walnut, & Spinach Soup, it's amazing!  I come from a long line of miners from Cornwall, and pasties were a staple growing up.  These are the closest to homemade you will find.  Although, they could use more rutabagas, in my opinion.
3	Came here because this restaurant got the most reviews in Tempe.  The baked pastries were good.  The Cajun chicken and pasta salad were too salty.  The pilgrim baked pastry was better (basically baked turkey dinner). The mushroom and leek soup were tasty.  The atmosphere is loud and dark, and great for beer and a one pound pastry filler.
5	This was my second visit to CPC and it was a home run once again! The originality and character of the dishes, much like the staff, are whole heartedly commendable. I can't wait for the Phoenix location to set sail!
5	Loved this place. At first glance the bldg looks deserted but I gladly followed some people into a black sheet covered door into the land of Pasty. They have so many Pasty's  to choose from people will find that the issue is never not finding anything they like but which one to try first. I had the Chicken feta. Stuffed with chicken and perfectly crisp. Can't wait to go back and try another one.
3	Just got to Tempe and this was the spot I chose for dinner. I was tired so I called in for take-out. I ordered the lamb vindaloo pasty, a cup of leek and potato soup, and the Shirley Temple pudding. The person taking my order said the order would be ready in 20 minutes so 21 minutes later I was parking my car and heading in to pick up my food. Getting into the restaurant was a little confusing. I chose the door that had the restaurant name on it, but once I entered, it appeared that I came through a back entrance behind the bar area. I made my way around to what I'd consider the front of the restaurant and was guided to the pick up area. The guys were friendly and my food was ready however they had my food on a plate and not prepared for take out. I had a seat while they got it together.I'd say my pasty was very rich, spicy and flavorful.  I'm used to pepper so I'm guessing it may be too spicy for some. The pasty was full of meat and I didn't feel slighted in the least. The soup was great, would order it again, however, they put it in a styrofoam drinking cup covered with foil, not very travel friendly.
5	I love the food here.  have had cornish pasty in Bathe, England and fell in love with these little pockets of goodness.  I love that they have a great selection for veggies and meat-eaters alike.  I like that you have the option for communal seating, and love the BIG steins of beer!  The servers are always pleasant and I cannot wait until the one on Monroe street opens!
5	The Cornish Pasty Company is fantastic. I've had many, many of their numerous options and my particular favorites have been the Lamb and Mint, Shepherd's Pie, Chicken Tikka Masala (which was quite spicy!), the Lamb Vindaloo, and the Rosemary Chicken. The Peanut Butter and Jelly dessert pasty is pretty tasty, but it simply does not compare to the Sticky Toffee Pudding (best with the ice cream option). Sides are also really good - I really like the Oven Chips and the Broccoli and Cauliflower Bake.
5	Amazing Atmosphere, Music, Draft Beer, Chicken Tikka Masala Pasty, Church Pews(Feels Like I'm in Heaven), Banaffee Pie! And Customer Service was great!
4	So good! When I first heard of this place, I was skeptical. Maybe because of the name or how people would describe it to me as, "a really good hot pocket." So I finally went the other day, and it was delicious!! I got the Mexican, and I loved it!!!
2	Over rated! Doesn't compare to the pasties of the U.P. over priced for what you get too. I don't think I'll go back anytime soon.
4	Decent beer selection, ok wine selection, REALLY GOOD FOOD. The pasties are essentially gourmet hot pockets- a variety of different boiling hot meat/cheese/veg/sauce combinations presented to you in a warm flaky pastry. There are so many combinations that you will DEFINITELY find something you like, whether you're a meat-and-potatoes person, an anything-with-extra-cheese person, or a vegetarian. The place itself is pretty small. It has a very unique character. It's pretty dark, and the staff is a friendly gang of textbook alternative, slightly goth hipsters. It's a great place to go early in the night or if you're looking for a more low-key place to drink and munch.
4	The food here is very good. I've loved nearly everything I've tried. I will say that I only ever get take out. The restaurant itself is really small and often packed. If you are in the mood for a pasty though this will hit the spot.
4	This location is very crowded, has decent parking and can be a bit on the dark side, but overall is nice. I think it is my least favorite of the three locations, but definitely worth checking out!
3	The service gets more and more dismissive every time I come here.  I wait longer and longer to be acknowledged and the waiting periods of being ignored after initial contact get bigger. At this point, I feel like coming back here knowing this is comparable to holding your breath under water...the longer you wait, the more it sucks; but for some inexplicable reason you keep trying to outdo yourself and beat the clock. But the beer is cold and the pasties are tasty...and one day I'll remember to wear my horn rimmed glasses and not cover up my sleeve tats, maybe that will help.
3	This small venue has more space than before, bring your friend's!  Really good food, beer selection is decent and the service was friendly, and efficient.  Great place to relax and enjoy a casual evening out, without having to venture to the pricey Mill Avenue area!
5	We have lived next door to this place for over 2 years before we ever ate here. WTF were we thinking, this place is AWESOME! Great Service! Great Food! Oggie is my favorite. Salmon is fantastic and the bread is delicious! We always have seen a lot of people over there and now we know why.
3	Went for great craft beer. Had a great pasty too. Decent service. Clearly popular with the ASU students. Worth stopping by if you are in the area.
5	Great atmosphere, staff and awesome food!
5	Great food! They have a lot of meat and vegetarian options, and provide a different food option than most places around here. Great customer service and delicious beer options too! The only way I could like it more is if it had a little more lighting inside and outside.
5	What can I say? I absolutely adore this place. Its a local legend!We shut it down every Tuesday and Thursday night in Grad School. The food is delicious and very unique. For Arizona, this place is a GEM. Everyone I take here loves it. There are 3 different locations now and they're all kinda special. All three can accomodate big crowds and the desserts are amazing. The Mesa location is in a great spot - and they stay open later than most places in Mesa. Scottsdale has a fantastic indoor/outdoor bar and Tempe is a great informal place to bring a huge group (with parking RIGHT OUTSIDE THE DOOR!)If you've never tried a pasty - you need to.
4	Love Cornish! Tasty food (you can't go wrong with meats, veggies, cheese, and bread), great atmosphere, nice staff, and $3 Irish car bombs. All. The. Time. There's a ton of tables here, ranging from intimate booths to huge pub style tables (make some new friends!). A huge list of beers on tap, decently priced. They have a patsy for all, vegan even! I love the Italian. Royale with Cheese is also a good fall back. Hell, even their mashed potatoes are bomb. Makes for a fun night out. I love going there to pregame, as I mentioned, $3 car bombs. You not only get a good buzz, but also get to eat! Happy hour all day Sunday!
3	The service here is terrible! I have been to the other location on Dobson prior and was thrilled when I realized this Cornish was right by my home. I decided my friend and I would meet up here for drinks. On this particular night the resturant was packed, like usual. My friend and I saw two open seats at the bar and sat down. About 10 minutes later the waitress told us she would be with us shortly. When we hit the 30 minute mark, I was nothing but enraged at the terrible customer service. I told my friend that I wanted to go somewhere else. As I was getting up and gathering my purse, the waitress comes over and had the balls to tell us she was just about to take our order. I informed her that we were leaving because she took 30 minutes to get to us. She should have just let us leave and not say anything. The fact she even acknowledged she was a crappy waitress enraged me more.So why the three stars? When you're not waiting FOREVER for service and you actually get the opportunity to eat their pasties, your mind will be blown! The food is delicious! The only downside is you don't want to show up at ANY Cornish starving because it takes them a little while to cook them bad boys. I assure you that you won't regret the wait though!
5	I've eaten here more times that I can remember. I celebrate birthdays here because my favorite meal on the planet- meat and cheese pasty, red wine gravy, Strongbow pint- comes from this place. There aren't enough positive adjectives in the English language to express how much I love this place. The food quality is always consistently great. The atmosphere (in the original part of the restaurant) reminds me of being in London. It can get a little noisy in the newer part of the restaurant but the food more than makes up for it. I've sampled almost everything on the menu and have never been disappointed.
5	Really sexy, warm and fun environment; it's hard not to notice right away. The food is amazing, I had the bacon wrapped meatballs as an appetizer, holy cow amazing! The croutons at the bottom of the bowl was just extra amazing-ness! I had the royale which is basically a cheese burger version and it was unbelievably tasty. The beef is so flavorful (based on the similar taste both the meatballs and royale had) you probably can't go wrong with any of the beef dishes.
4	The food was great - I had the veggie mexican and it was really good.  Plenty to eat - in fact I brought half home.  The service wasn't great but I would good back because the food was good.
5	Killer spot. When I was traveling through Phoenix I got recommended to hit this place up for dinner. I was very stoked to get introduced to this place. It had a feel that it belongs in Portland. I never thought I would find s place like this in Arizona. Do not miss out on this spot and hit it up. My only problem is that I don't have this place in my home town.
5	I've been here a couple of times and it's been pretty busy. Feel free to sit at the bar; they'll still feed you there. The first time I order the Oggie and it was quite good. This past time I went for the Mexican and it was stellar. Just the right amount of spice and it served w/ salsa and sour cream as well. Be sure to order chips with your beverage or when you order your entree because they do take some time in the oven. Finally, if you're a beer drinker, I think you'll be quite pleased with the variety of beers on tap.
5	Fridays night, 6pm, party of 5.  No problem!We were visiting from out of town and wanted something different.  It doesn't look like anything from the outside.  It's in a strip mall with a Mexican restaurant.  We almost didn't go in, but my college kid liked the looks of "the hipsters" sitting in the patio.  It's dark in there, but very stylish.  Service was fast and Jillian was great. The beer list is extensive and reasonable... $8 for 32 oz Guinness.  The pasties were big and delicious for about $9.  Us girls only ate 1/2 of our pasties and took the rest home.  We left room for the yummy desserts.  5 of us split 3.So good we may come back tomorrow!
3	This place is worth going to at least once, but there is a lot to be desired. The food was pretty good. I had the Philly cheesesteak which was honestly not something I would recommend. But based on the reviews of those I visited the place with, I think most of the "Pasties" are probably pretty good. It's a very young college crowd and the place definitely has a trendy vibe to it. The waitress was very nice and that was probably the highlight. The biggest negative was the fact that the place felt quite dirty. Its probably a good thing the place was pretty dark. I think that is intentional to hide the lack of cleanliness.
5	This place is SO GOOD. The food is all reasonably priced, especially for the portions you receive. I've never had the beer here, but the iced teas are very good. I've also had the soups, pasties, and the apple pasty dessert and have been extremely satisfied with all of them. I try to get a different pasty each time and haven't gotten a bad one! Some tend to be a bit lighter like the eggplant, or you can get a heartier one like the shepherd's pie. All of the server's are very nice and helpful. If it's a Friday or Saturday night i would make sure to get there early or send someone ahead of your group because it can get a little crowded.
2	I don't understand all of the hype. I had lamb vindaloo and it was meh. Just meat and potatoes. I might be willing to go back and try something different, because 800 Yelp reviewers can't all be wrong. But if I went here without seeing the awesome reviews, I would probably never return. I was expecting something spectacular and was disappointed. The service was also extremely slow. The waitress barely came around and that always makes the experience suck.
4	I have eaten here many a times and I highly recommend.I have never had a problem and the food is pretty good.
5	I absolutely love this place. I try to come here as often as I can. The peppered steak is my fav thing on the menu. Great place to come out with your buddies and have a beer eat some pastys and just hang out. Cornish pasty co for lyfe
5	I love this place. I'm one of those people who would usually find what I like on the menu and stick to it, but here, I mix it up, have eaten almost everything and I've never found anything I don't like. It's also not a bad place to grab beer or glass of wine if you're into that. Anytime I have friends or family in town this is one of the first places I want to bring them.
4	Cornish Pasty was very good. They have daily vegan pasty options and big beers. And I think it was Iron Maiden playing over the speakers while we sat outside and enjoyed the nice spring weather!Friendly service. The spicy vindaloo pasty was pretty good. To be completely honest I wasn't blown away by this particular pasty, but it was good enough to make me want to come back and try more of their veg and vegan options. Just the fact that they have these options was very nice for me!My dining companions were all pleased with theirs, but nobody really raved about it.I would come back if I were reasonably nearby, but probably wouldn't drive across town just for this.
3	This place is delicious (as EVERYONE says). It's really not somewhere you can go often though because the food is SO heavy. However, you must go at least once in your life. The wings. GET THEM. I think it's the tandoori chicken ones? They are indian inspired and probably the best wings I've ever had. The pastys are really hit or miss. Some of them are delicious (um, the lamb one...!) and some are just okay (the reuben..eh). Drinks are normal, they ran out of the beer I actually liked so I had to settle. But, my friends did like that they always have $3 Irish car bombs so that's definitely a plus!I've been to the ones in Tempe and Scottsdale and the service is a little slow but the waiters/waitresses are super nice.
5	Cool place, great music/food. The entree & dessert pies are great, covered with delicious French pasty & full of culinary goodness. Maybe a few too many hipsters for my taste, but will still return all the same.
2	Having just returned from a week in Cornwall where I subsisted on a daily ration of a pasty and a bowl of soup, i had high expectations. I bought two of the traditional pasties, took them home and finished cooking them according to directions.They are way too hot! The spicy pepper or chili seasoning overwhelms the goodness of the meat, potato, and (presumably) rutabaga. The pastry was good, the ingredients were good, but the spice has no business being in a Cornish pasty.
4	This is a foodie's required stop. A menu that is genuinely thoughtful. Outstanding food and great imported draught beer selection. Must stop when stuck in an airport hotel for  mealtime.
5	I had myself my first Cornish Pasty the other night!  My hubby and I picked them up, so this review is plain and simple...for the food.  I got the Spicy Asiago Chicken with spicy chicken, roasted corn, black beans, asiago cheese, hatch chilies, and Mexican stewed tomatoes.  It was fantastic!  Still piping hot by the time we opened them up to devour them.  Definitely a fan and can't wait to come and dine in sometime soon.  There are quite a few pasties I'm eyeballing on their menu...I love all the choices!!
5	the food is so good and so many choices but like many of the reviews the service is a little off but for unique and tasty food i can deal I've only been to the Tempe one so i can't speak for the other ones yet
4	First off, a note about the ambience. The door is tinted black so you can't see inside, but once you open it, you'll enter into a dimly lit, but lively set up accompanied by friendly waiters. So what'd I eat? I got the Bangers and Mash pasty coupled with red wine gravy. It's packed with pork and sausage meat cubes (it tastes better than it looks) and mashed potatoes. It's reminiscent of the microwavable pot pies my mom used to feed me when I was little, except this one's much, much better (thank goodness). I also sampled my friends' selections. The Mexican is fajitas-filled, and the Pesto Chicken stands on its own league, but broke apart after the first few bites. I personally liked my pick the most, but I have a more traditional pallette. I don't think you can go wrong with any of the pasties.
5	Amazing food, atmosphere, and service! This is our 3rd time coming here and it is great as usual!
3	good food, good drinks service was okay
5	Been here a couple times.  Love their food!  I have had a few of their Pasty's, loved each one.  Very friendly staff also.  I always reccomend to friends and coworkers.
5	This has been a favorite place of mine for a long time.There are so many great options on the menu, so it'll take some time to try everything and very hard to pick a favorite. The staff is nothing short of fun and make dining in a great experience.
1	Great cider, thats about it...just left after sitting there and being ignored. 1st we get told the apetizer will take the same amount of time as the main dish. Then we spilled a drink, had to wait 2 passes of our waitress to get her attention. When we finally did, she said she would be right back with a towel. 15 minutes later, she has taken 3 more orders in front of us and no towel. We ask to cancel our order and get tje check, only to be told your meal is ready. We refused the meal and paid for our drinks and left a 0 tip. Great to be ignored and left with a soggy table.
5	Great food, nice wait staff, and an awesome experience overall. Try the Chicken Tikka Marsala.  I'm not from Arizona so I went out in a limb trying this place but I'm glad I did.Also the ambience won't be for everyone. It's kind of dark inside and the music is a mix of punk rock and some alternative jams.
5	Cornish Pasty is one of my favorite places to eat! The food is always delicious and the beer selection is amazing.
5	The oggie is so good & my sister tried the pilgrim which she said made her mouth soooo happy!
5	Dined at Central Bistro, it was wonderful.  We had the Drunk Bread for an appetizer, it was absolutely delicious.  I had the seared Salmon  with artichokes, haricot vert (string beans), purple potatoes in a lobster sauce.  It was absolutely delicious.  Friends had  the peanut thai salad & pasta with clams.  Everyone enjoyed their dinner.  It was a little on the pricey side for me, but well worth the food.  I would eat there again in a hearbeat~
5	Love this place. The pasty's are great but I love the Scottish eggs.
2	Too loud and dark inside and waaay too smokey outside, if that is your scene, then you would probably enjoy the Cornish Pasty co. Service was also really slow and my food was super salty and luke warm when it did finally come, blech!
5	We had the chicken pot pie pastie and the traditional (beef, potato, rutebega, cabbage) pastie. Kids and adults ate and enjoyed. The pasties are delicious and huge. I would have liked the filling to be a little more saucy. I know the wine sauces served on the side are meant for dipping and that would have been nice if we like wine sauces but no one in our family does. Tastes like your Cornish grandma is in the kitchen lovingly making pasties for all to enjoy. I'd come back.
5	Wow!  Here to visit family, but my wife and I snuck off and enjoyed a little piece of heaven tonight.  We loved the meatballs as an appetizer, then had the Cajun Chicken Pasty, both of which were divine.  We even split the Chocolate Bread Pudding for dessert.  We are still able to move, barely, and both more than happy with our meal.  Terrific time, we really enjoyed ourselves.
3	Food was pretty good, and it is definitely authentic British food. We also liked the feel of the place. Our waiter service was very good as well!I think that this type of food is just not my thing though. It was a bit heavy, and I had a stomach ache that evening. It also seems to be a bit dirty (the place is dark, so it's difficult to see!).
5	Always worth it. Everything is delicious, especially the peppered steak pasty. Get the oven chips with garlic. They also have great happy hour deals -- $3 Strongbow and $3 Irish car bombs.
4	Delicious beer, even delicious-er pasties. If I could live here, I would. There's maybe nothing I would improve upon except slightly faster service. But even then, I've never gone here while I was in a rush so that's never been a major issue. The Pilgrim is my favorite, but my friend recently ordered the beef abodobe or something like that and it looked so good I thought about murdering him so I could take it. Ultimately I decided I was too full to eat it, but that guy knows to watch his back now.
4	Great service with reasonable rates.  Try any and everything, even my wife likes it here.
4	The amazing reviews drove us to try this place.  It was not as close to the ASU as we thought it was, but it's a pretty cool place with decent food.  A patsy is an English version of a calzone with a huge variety of fillings.  We had a Royal with cheese (cheeseburger), lamb with mint, bangers n mash and eggplant Parmesan.  All were quite good but nothing spectacular.  The Greek salad was delicious, as were the oven chips (French fries) with garlic.  Great selection of brews and a very cool atmosphere.
4	I cannot even explain how much I loved this place. Between the food and beer list I couldn't be happier. Had the chicken pot pie and died over it. Definitely not the most comfy seating arrangements but over all really great experience!
4	I have to say this place was pretty good! It was the first time I've tried this kind of food. The dishes were a good portion. The waitress was nice and the environment was relaxing. The only thing I'd have to say is to make sure to sit inside the restaurant. We had people smoking heavily who sat at the booth next to us and the waitress didn't do anything about it because they were her friends.
5	Sat on the patio..awesome beers..awesome food (can't beat having your whole meal served in a hot pocket).  Garlic Frys are really good. . Music even better.   Must hit this place up again.
5	This is a must when in Phoenix! I loved it all, the service, the environment and of course the food! We had a Greek salad (crisp, fresh and healthy) the peppered steak pasty (delicious, big enough to share) and the peanut butter and jelly dessert pasty (to die for) Highly recommended
4	"Cozy" pub atmosphere, great food, easy on the wallet.  I had the bangers and mash pasty, she had the cottage pie pasty, we were both in heaven. Took a dessert home to share. Server was helpful and very nice. My only minor issue was that we came out smelling like we worked in the kitchen--lots of ambient cooking aromas.
1	Gross!
5	This place is awesome!! This was my first time visiting and I will be going back. I had the Rosemary Chicken and my Honey had The Italian. Delish!!
5	Really great food all the times I've been. Servers are never super outgoing and friendly but who cares, they are busy doing a million things and it's pretty much always busy. Don't get me wrong, the service is always good, and my beer never stays empty for more than a minute or two, if that.  It's got real character, a dark little hole in the wall place. Most of the time I sit at the bar, and the cooks make up for what the servers may lack in conversation or banter. I like that the cooks have a tip box too, that way I can hook it up if the food or cooks go above and beyond which is most every time. I'm scared to go to the other Cornish pasty because I'm afraid it won't compare... It looks a little too clean and contemporary and in my experience the original is always the best. Not a ton of people know about it, so it's great to take first timers there. The menu is vast, unique, and offers plenty for every taste. Every time I've taken a newbie there they have always, always, always been a big fan. Keep it up fellas, your doing great.
4	Soooo tasty! I am sold on the cajun pasty! Service was ok, I think the pasties take a really long time to bake, but they are worth the wait.  Wish I lived closer to it!
5	Been here too many times. The food is always amazing. Last year I made an attempt to try very pasty on the menu and I DID. Pasty do take about 15 mins to bake, so please be patient and the beer is always pouring. Simple food. Amazing food.
5	Fantastic little hot pocket. I really love the crust and the stuffing inside. I have ordered a few and I think my favorite is the one with the steak. Forgot what it was called. But u can't go wrong. It's delicious! Don't be fooled by the entrance. Once u go inside. It's like another world.
4	Awesome place. I tend to stick to the more basic and traditional style pasties now, as the more unique ones just seem a little odd to me. I can't say I've ever had anything I didn't like though. Great beer selection as well.
3	We've been here a few times now & the pasty's have been kind of hit or miss. Each time we've tried sometime different to change it up. The chicken portobello mushroom & the curry chicken were pretty good whereas the rosemary chicken & the lamb and mint weren't all that great. I was told no substitutions can be made (nor can anything be eliminated) because the pasty's are already made. I guess that kind of goes against my personal preference. The atmosphere at the restaurant is very laid back & it's a good place to go with a group. It's definitely unique which is one of the reasons we keep going back!
4	Food is the same but this location has greatly expanded.  Although it still gets crowded sometimes, you can now come at 6:00 on weekdays and probably get a seat.  I was a bit concerned however about the outside area which is poorly maintained and dirty.   I know it's outside, but you can still clean tables get the splinters out of the wooden seating.  Are the portions a bit smaller?  If so, all to the good.This still has a college handout ambiance but most of the patrons are not college students, so perhaps Cornish Pasty could encourage their servers to dress just a bit nicer and act a bit nicer.
5	The chicken tikka masala pasty is great. The ambience and every thing is excellent. You can also try chicken pot pie here
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in AZ, and a great place to come with friends for great food and beer. The best pasty is the chicken pot pie, it's to die for! And the staff are all friendly and efficient. The prices are reasonable, and the portions are large, so we always have leftovers to take home. Cornish is the best!!
5	Best place in tempe
5	So my friends from ASU had mentioned this Irish pub place that served what was called a "Pasty". From the sound of things, it was a hot pocket/pie sandwich type deal. They mentioned an array of options from pepperoni to peppered steak etc. All that being said, decided we should go there for dinner the night before I left Arizona. Especially after I saw 860 reviews with 4.5 stars up here on yelp. That's virtually unreal. Never had seen such ratings with as many reviews. Any who, drove up to what looked like a dead shopping strip with a bunch of stores/restaurants that looked closed due to the dark tint of the windows. When we opened the door though, it was actually pretty mind blowing. Walked around from what I guess was the front door to the bar side. Honestly, first thing I thought coming around that corner was that this place looked like something off the set of man vs food. Can't really explain it but if you're familiar with the show and happen to make a stop, you'll understand what I'm saying. So we sat at the bar and got our orders. I wanted something spicy so I looked out for something that I thought would match my liking on the menu. Found the Cajun chicken pasty which was spicy marinated chicken, ham, bacon, with chipotle sauce. My girlfriend ordered the bangers mash which was mashed potatoes, meatloaf and gravy. My Cajun chicken was amazing. Spiced to perfection as was hoping. My girlfriends bangers mash was ok. Not as much flavor as my Cajun chicken but still pretty good. All in all, I would highly recommend this place. It definitely lives up to the 860 reviews and 4.5 stars, a rare occurrence. Only mishap, which really isn't a mishap, is that if you decide you want to add any custom pieces together in your pasty, we were told you would have to make such request 24hrs in advance. These guys make the sandwiches hours in advance so that it's just put into the oven upon order. So if you're the type to want to customize your order, I suggest you call in advance but you likely won't make the a wrong decision with any of the available options.
5	So I love this place, been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about it. Great food, great beers amazing, personal service and I never wanted to go anywhere else for my afternoon beers and food. Recently, however, they have formed a new policy where there is no smoking on the patio area, fully outside, ventialted patio. I do not smoke, never have never will, but that idea is ridiculous. If you want to go to a non smoking family style restaurant, and there is an applebees in every town in america period. If you want a fun, hip atmosphere with the product and staff to back it up, you come to the Cornish pasty and if smoke bothers you, you stay indoors and thats that. Dear pasty: dont give in to these high horse, internet terrorists. Your fan base loves you and will stay true. Go corporate like.everyone else, fine, someone else will be more than willing to stay local and real.
5	Mmmm mmmm DELICIOUS! I had the carne adovada pasty and the BF had the cajun chicken pasty. We were both in love! Stuffed with meaty awesomeness! Fresh ingredients and fresh out of the oven. They are cut in half and one should probably eat the other half as a midnight snack or meal the next day, but why stop when it's just so darn good!? The oven chips and other potato option was also amazing! Great outdoor area with giant tables. Lovely beer list. Friendly service. Can't wait to go back!
5	Say it with me... PASS - TEE.  These do not go on your nips.  They are delicious pastries stuffed with meat and cheese and all manner of amazing things.  It's also one of the few places in phoenix where you can order a draft Boddingtons to wash it all down.  I like sitting at the bar and watching them make the pasties while you drink and eat.
5	Love Cornish Pasty. First time at this location. Our well mustachioed server was very quick with drinks and very attentive to our questions. We had the mushroom walnut soup to start. Piping hot and very flavorful. I liked the crunch from the walnuts and the bread was really fresh.  Lovely Bit of Salmon and the Reuben. Both very good. And still our favorites. Our server also brought out dessert very fast, as requested. Very great meal. Non-smoking patio was a plus. There was a lot of out door heaters ready for colder nights too.
4	This place is ALWAYS GOOD! Haven't had a pasty I've been disappointed with so far! My favorite is the chicken portobello ! Their oven chips and meatballs for appetizers are great as well! The pastys and made and baked fresh, so it can take a little time to get your food, but it is so worth the wait! Great prices on alcohol! And their desserts are SO good!! My fave is the chocolate bread pudding! A MUST everytime we good!      The only con is the staff/service ! Sometimes we get great servers that are very attentive and keep our drinks filled.. Other times it takes forever to see our server and to get the bill to pay!
3	The food here is all right, the atmosphere better.The lady and I got a couple of pasties, the shepherd's pie one and the cheese steak deal; they were okay, kinda bland, but hard to dislike something in a pie shell.The atmosphere was about perfect for what you'd expect a British pub-type place to be. Dark, with lots of gregarious riff-raff and guys with beards about. Probably doesn't sound too appealing, but I found the authenticity to be nice.
4	To start I will say, this place is fantastic. That being said, the service is just OK. I have never had bad service but I have had mediocre service; long waits for easy things like refills, and forgotten order items, but all that can just be a fluke. I am in love with the food and even the people there. Everyone is cool to be around and no one is rude. There aren't substitutions or "create your own" options, but as an extremely picky eater, if you can't find a pasty you like, you should probably go to burger king and have it your way.Also the beer menu is great for Beer snobs, and welcoming enough for average beer drinkers alike. I don't drink wine, but it looked like a long list of options. All in all this is a near perfect establishment. If you are looking for a unique place to take someone and fill up on home cooked flavors, this is the place in Tempe. I happen to prefer the N Scottsdale Rd. location, but to each their own.
5	A great way to hit 300 reviews! We had heard only good things about this place, both on Yelp and from friends and co-workers that have been. We headed in and the black out curtains immediately made it feel like nighttime inside. After picking a seat at the bar we took a look at the menu and debated on the options. I opted for the Shepherd's Pie (Cottage Pie) Pasty and he went for the The Oggie. We then decided to share a side of "chips" (i.e. fries). The best part of sitting at any restaurant bar, is getting to see the workers do what they do. This place was even better for that idea since you could not only watch bartenders mixing up drinks, but the kitchen was front and center, so we were able to watch our food be made from start to finish!The food took a bit to come out, but each order is made fresh and the fries are baked, not fried, so it's worth waiting for. Both our Pasties were delicious and very filling! The fries were cooked perfectly, and it was nice to step away from the fried food world and still enjoy a great stuffed pasty and fries.The staff was very friendly and checked in on us regularly. We were so stuffed we didn't get dessert this go-round, however, it isn't out of the cards for the next visit!Overall: AA quirky "hole-in-the-wall" bar with amazing food, fun staff, and great ambiance. Go!
5	Reminds me of a calzone but the variety is much larger. Pub, but friendly for dinner or lunch also
2	The food is heavy, not especially tasty, and the interior is very dark. Lots of people like this place and I've never figured out exactly why.
5	This was a unique dining experience.  The setting was subdued Irish pub. Dark polished wood, dim lighting, candlelight, and a variety of tables made this place inviting. The service was top-notch with the servers being knowledgeable of their items and making excellent suggestions.The food. I had the Meat and Cheese Pasty. Homemade pork and sage sausage, swiss and cheddar cheese, in a wonderful pasty crust. It was so tasty. I also had some rich garlic mashed potatoes with cheese. It was a lot of food with half coming home with me. Saving room for dessert, I had the Apple Caramel Pasty. Melt in your mouth heaven. Cinnamon, apples, and caramel all melt in your mouth in a fluffy pasty crust. A delicious meal.
5	cozy, loud and wonderful place.  delicious food and beer.
5	Expanded space and multiple locations deserves more stars! :)
4	This place is a bit obscure. It is kind of hidden from the main street as it is facing the residential road. I almost missed it on my way here! Once you go past the black door, you enter a dark, dimly lighted bar. There are large booths for large parties and tables for small groups. The bar extends throughout the entire place so there is plenty of seating. The restroom cleanliness is typical for a pub and is well maintained. There are plenty of TVs if you looking to watch a game there.Since this place is known for their pasties, I decided to try one out. I ordered The Chicken Greek Pasty to go along with my Hoegarden beer. The portion size is just about right, wasn't too big nor too small. The pasty was hot and fresh. What made it really good was the sauce that was provided with the pasty. I almost didn't have enough for the entire pasty! My one gripe about the pasty is that I wish it had a bit more chicken. Other than that, it was superb.This place has a good happy hour menu and a pretty extensive selection of beers on tap and on bottle. The service was good for the most part. Other than forgetting one of the sauces for the people of my party it was pretty good throughout. They delivered our food and drinks in a timely manner and was helpful with the first timers with what to order. I wish I can give this place 4.5 stars, but since I can't, I'll have to give it four.
5	Excellent food & atmosphere. Sat at the bar with a full menu and had a great experience, reasonable prices, and great service! Definitely recommend the Peppered Steak pasty.
5	Truly awesome food, and a unique option in a sea of tempe's Thai, Mexican, and pub food dominated restaurant scene. While many pub classics exist on their menu, I've yet to see a pasty on anyone else's menu, let alone one as good as the ones at Cornish. My personal favorite is the chicken rosemary, with a side of HP sauce. Oven chips are a good appetizer, since it'll be about 30-40 minutes before you get your food. Awesome selection of import beers. Service is good, even when busy. Only downside is that they feel a bit overpriced, considering how much side dishes cost and no combos are available. For two people ordering pasties, 2 beers, and two sides, expect to pay around forty or fifty after a tip and tax. That said, you'll leave full!
5	Wow...we loved this place!  I had bookmarked this as a place I wanted to try a while back and I wasn't disappointed.  Never before had I had a pasty.  Clearly, I've been missing out!  This place is a dark, dimly lit british pub-style restaurant.  It was completely slammed, with loads of mostly college aged people.  Everyone seemed to be laughing, talking, and having a genuinely good time.  We sat at the best seats in the house, the bar, and got to watch the staff work their magic. From there, you could see most of the kitchen work as well as the bar work.  Always fun, and the staff were plenty entertaining, ha ha.My wife and I each tried a pasty to share, me the Oggie, and Stacy had the shepherds pie.  The Oggie is their traditional pasty, with steak, potatoes, onion and rutabaga (swede) with a side of red wine gravy or ketchup. So good!  I also tried some of my wife's, which was very good as well.  In addition, we split an order of the chips (fries).  The food took a while, but it's all made fresh and baked, and very much worth the wait.  It was cooked to perfection!We had a GREAT experience here, and can't wait to go back.  Do yourself a favor and go check them out!
5	God, I love this place. Every location is awesome. The food is always great. I've never had a single problem other than having to wait because it's packed with so many other people enjoying the awesomeness. While I do love the pasties, it's great to venture to other areas of the menu as well. Their handmade soups are fantastic and I try to always save room for some. I've had both the Pavlova and the dessert pasty and I could go in for those alone.They usually have great music playing and the service is always friendly.
3	Unique food that packs a punch! I just wish for the price I could end up a little more full.
5	Wow!   My husband and I usually wander around the restaurants in our area spending good money and getting bland boring food.   Sadly we have grown accustomed to it.   But not here!  The food is great and the atmosphere is alive and vibrant.   We both started with soups, I had the mushroom and my husband had the red pepper.  They are both served with fresh bread and butter.   The soups were fantastic and a great value - honestly.   Our son had a pasty and curried potatoes.  A little on the salty side for my taste but the flavors were definitely there.   My husband and I shared a sausage salad and it was filled with veggies, cheeses and meat and very satisfying.  Loved the choices of beers and fresh iced teas as well.  We will be back.!
5	Awesome dinner at Cornish Pasty tonight! I had the Bangers and Mash Pasty and Hubby had the Chicken Tikka Masala Pasty. Had the hot baked beans on the side. Everything was delish. Amazing pastry. We really wanted to do the Sticky Toffee Pudding for dessert but were too stuffed.Nice layout with plenty of both outdoor and indoor seating. We chose indoor since it was 105 outside. Very friendly service too.We will definitely be back next time we are in the area.
2	I don't understand all the fuss about this place. The restaurant itself is crowded, dark, and dirty. I should mention that I am a vegetarian, and they have several veggie pasty options on the menu but I find them to be heavy and kind of bland. Perhaps this is a better place for meat-lovers. One positive thing that I will say is that it is fun to sit by the kitchen and watch how they make their famous pasty.
4	Great Food...best Greek Salad!!  A little small gets crowded fast. Prices  Good !  love the New one in old town Scottsdale
5	So good. Just try it, you'll understand. From what I've tried, the Cream Of Leek Soup is the best item on the menu.
5	Even things that sound like they won't be good - actually turn out to be great. The food is uncommonly good. THE ONLY PROBLEM WITH THIS PLACE IS: the waiters have no uniform and they all dress like hipsters. You can't tell who is bringing your drinks and who is just a bassist in an alt-rock band.
3	Upon arriving, I thought this place was shut down. Windows were black, no eye-catching sign, etc. Come to find out, it's open, and all that adds to the ambiance of the place. I didn't care too much for the dark pub eating experience, though. As for the food, I ordered two  pasties and a desert. I liked the the pasty crust, but the fillings lacked flavor to me. The dessert was the best part! Good ole' Apple caramel pasty with ice cream! At least I can say I've tried a Cornish Pasty!
4	Absolutely Yummy! I have convinced non-experimental eaters to even try this place.  They are convinced this is pretty dang good too!  My husband and I usually get a couple pasties to go and because we can never decide which is best, we usually end up trading off half way through.  The only downside to this place is that there is no delivery!  I would place orders here for lunch more often if there was!
5	Atmosphere Food Stone Beer
4	Well, I can say I finally say I've eaten at the highly regarded Cornish Pasty.On the interesting scale, I'd give it a 5. The dark, pub-meets-art-museum (complete with church pews for seats) look of the inside is kind of neat. The servers, completely stereotypical hipster in appearance, all seem nice enough. The menu and food are very different than anything I've seen before.  We ended up ordering the Meat and Cheese pasty and the Mexican. Both were good, and came with the appropriate sauces.If I have one complaint, it's that pasties are pre-made. So if you don't like a certain ingredient or are allergic to something, there's no ordering the pasty of choice without it; you'll just have to find something without it in it. It also makes me wonder how long some of the less popular pasties have to sit and wait to be ordered.
5	Chicken pot pie- was kinda garlicky, like raw garlicky, awesome chunks of white meat. ComfortingChicken tikka masala- holy cow. White folk made this? High five! You nailed it! Think chicken tikka masala samosa!
4	It's hard to pass up a really fancy hot-pocket. Especially when the stuffing is anywhere from pesto chicken to the royal with cheese to traditional European eats like shepherd's pie to veggie and vegan options. All warm and delicious and folded into a flakey crust. Yum. The staff has always been friendly and helpful when torn between two different pasty. They're knowledgeable about the menu and the beer selection. The ambiance is pretty chill and dark inside. A great place to go with a lover or friend. Or family haha.Do what you like, but if you're in the area I highly recommend you get your booty over to Cornish Pasty and eat some of this tasty goodness.
4	The original hot pocket, a pasty is IMO a better version of the other tries (calzone, empanada, etc...)The meat and Cheese, Lamb vindaloo, lamb and mint...OK, all of them are good!!Oh, and beer on tap, the only thing they have too much of on tap is hipsters....seriously, skinny jeans, plaid shirts, a beanie and beard in 110 degree heat screams retarded, not cool.
4	Dim and a bit moody when you walk in, but nice and cozy the minute you finally take a seat.To put it simply , this place serves comfort food at it's finest. The assortment of meat pies is phenomenal. Although you can't really go wrong with anything on the menu, my personal favorite is the Cajun. Between the flakey, moist, buttery crust and the spicy chicken, it is definitely a fine creation. Come check it out. You won't be disappointed
1	Great food and beer selection.  Soups are also phenomenal.  Had a great dinner experience.Unfortunately, I parked in the back lot and someone keyed the SHIT out of my car.  It had problems before but someone went to town on it.  I work in the area...didn't think it was that bad.  But I'll never go back after dark.
5	I love this place. Fairly inexpensive, lovely atmosphere, large portions....my favorite is the cajun chicken...yum-O!!!!
4	I had chicken tikka masala. It's awesomeAnd chicken Asiago is damn tasty. I liked this place and I am going to be here again and again
4	I like this place for mainly the beers and atmosphere.  The original one in Tempe is the best, of course, but the others are pretty cool.  The food?  Well, I'm not the biggest fan of British inspired food but it has a very home cooked feel to it.  If you like calzones and such, you'd like pastys.  So far I've had the meat and cheese one, and the curry one.  Will make it back to try more.
5	Every time I go in I find something new that is my favorite. This time it was the bread and butter..unghhh. Must get every visit, now. Also the broccoli/cauliflower bake is a must get. Any pasty you choose will be a winner. Guaranteed.
5	Delicious food, good music, cool place. I may stop back in the next time I'm in Phoenix :)
4	I am in love with this place. As I sat and waited for a friend at the bar earlier, I read about the pasty's history and sampled some of their yummy beers on tap. This was my second time there, and each time I visit, I get to enjoy a tasty pasty and awesome beer on tap. Tonight I had the traditional pasty and a yummy Nitro Porter.
4	So I'm sure they're tired of being compared to Hot Pockets, but the best explanation I can come up with is gourmet hot pockets at their best. The food is absolutely killer here; I've tried four of the pasty's (pronounced liked nasty with a "p" not like tasty with a "p"-well at least that's what I've gathered from listening to the staff) and they've all been amazing. The best part is it isn't only the traditional meat cheese and potatoes. The options are all over the place and you can even bring your vegan friends. You can get a beer from the other side of the pond and the ambiance definitely feels like a good pub from across the Atlantic. The only reason they aren't getting five stars is because my most recent visit; the bartender eating his dinner at the bar was clearly more important than my dinner. It's ok; it's not like with a hot meal I'd like to chase it down with a beverage of sort. The kitchen guys have always been extremely helpful and I appreciate them. The food is amazing enough and diverse enough to where I'll be back frequently, just hopefully not during my bartender's dinner time.
4	Great, unique food and a nice selection of beers.  There isn't much more I'd ask from a restaurant.  The ambiance is very casual and dark but it's a great place for a large group or even solo dining.  The menu is fantastic and makes you want to come back again just to try another pasty.  With a dough wrapped meat/cheese/veggie mix you'd think this would be very heavy but it isn't.  They don't overload with fats or cheeses so the meal remains balanced and tasty.  Happy hour M-Sat until 6 just adds another reason to stop by.
4	Oh my this is good food - like the different treatments for wings and of course the Pasties...
2	I must be the one person who doesn't "get" this place.Maybe I don't like British food? Maybe I don't like loud music, and poor service? We visited this place to celebrate my girlfriend Sarah's 30th Birthday. We were seated outside because it was SO loud inside, we didn't think we would be able to hear ourselves think. The waitress too a bit too long to greet us, or even take our drink orders. Our food took even longer. I split the Cottage Pasty with my friend, and my half was chilly in the middle. That aside, pasty is NOT my cup of tea. I ordered the PB&J pasty for desert thinking maybe that would be more up my ally, but it was an odd mix of flavor, and still not my thing. I didn't drink,  but I may consider coming back to check out their tap because it seemed impressive, but I will eat BEFORE I come.
3	It was pretty good. It was something I had never tried before. I had the salmon one which could have been a little  more flavorful but the one my husband had was quite tasty. We probably will be back.
4	Ordered Chicken Tikka Masala and Chicken Asiago. Liked the food and ambience was nice. The oly flaw is that there are more potatoes in chicken tikka masala than chicken itself.
5	I love this place. Been in twice and both times it was top notch. Great food, big selection, good beer, good deserts. Nothing to complain about besides maybe the wait for a table at times. I've had the tikka masala, original, and Mexican chicken. All very good.
5	Love this place, been going here for years! I could eat Cornish every day. Everything I've had here is delicious (and I've had almost every pasty from the Vegetarian menu, the salmon pasty, and almost every dessert). Do yourself a favor and explore the entire menu... try everything! You won't be disappointed :)
5	love this place!  traditional pub style place with lots on tap including Strongbow Cider.  I went with the Bit Burger Pilsner and a peppersteak pasty and it was awesome as usual.
5	I absolutly love this place. Servers take a bit long to get to you but the food is worth it.
5	Amazing food (I had the peppersteak pasty) - friendly knowledgeable staff! Our office orders from here regularly and picks it up and we have been in here a few times as well! I have also been to their other location and it is just as great! Great Job guys!
5	Delicious and filling. The traditional chips with garlic are a must!
5	This is delicious. Always on point and you can pick up!
5	The food here is delicious and the vibe is super chill. I'd use any excuse to come here and enjoy the huge selection of drinks and yummy food. (Chicken Alfredo pastey is bomb)
5	I have to be honest, when I walked in I had no idea what to expect. It was dark and very subdue. The waitress was very friendly and took our order promptly. Once your eyes adjusts to the darkness its not bad at all. The food arrived quickly and was nice and fresh. I ordered the "Bangers and Mash" and my wife ordered the "Shepherds Pie". We ended up splitting them so we could both try half of the other. I have to say it was really really good. The crust in which the "pies" are baked in are flaky and tasty. I slightly preferred the "Bangers and Mash" (Homemade pork with sage sausage, red wine gravy, grilled onions, mashed potatoes, & an extra side of gravy.) over the "Shepherd's Pie" (Ground minted lamb or seasoned ground beef, with peas & carrots, grilled onions, mashed potatoes, and cheddar. With a side of red wine gravy) But she got it with the ground beef instead of the minted lamb so that might have made a difference. All in all my only regret was I did not save room for dessert, well next time, and yes there will definitely be a next time!
5	Wow!  What a great little gem this place proved to be!  After reading some of the other reviews, I decided I had to give this place a try myself.  I admit, I was skeptical, I'm not a huge 'bread' or 'carb' fan, and I really don't like thick bread coated anything.  The pasties I've had in the past were similar to calzones in breadiness.  The pasties here, were something amazing and not at all what I've had in the past or imagined.  There menu was quite complete with heavier choices such as the meat and cheese to lighter chicken options and even some dessert pasties.  I opted for a chicken tikka masala pasty.  I was impressed by the presentation, a simple metal plate with the well portioned pasty cut in half and a side of tsaziki sauce.  The pasty crust was thin and delicate.  It was reminiscent of a hand worked Christmas pie dough that your Grandmother slaved over.  It wasn't too flaky or thick, and was the perfect match for the tasty filling.  The filling was delicious chunks of white meat chicken, little nibbles of potatoes and some peas in a deliciously balanced flavorful masala sauce.  The taste was quite authentic and the spice right on par with what I'd expect from an Indian food restaurant.  The tsaziki side sauce was cool and tangy, it was a good flavor contrast to the spicy meat pocket.  Since the  portion was rather large, I had more than half of my pasty left and took it to go.  I couldn't resist trying the PB&J pasty though.  I had one warmed and packaged to go.  I am SO glad I got the PB&J pasty as well.  It was so incredibly delicious!  Served with a side of fresh whipped cream, the PB&J was like an old childhood friend.  The warm crunchy peanut butter with the perfect banana slice and sweet strawberry jelly melted harmoniously in my mouth and still gave that satisfying 'coat your mouth' feeling that peanut butter does.  I will definitely return.
5	I've had a lot of people tell me to go here and I finally saw what all the rage was about. The lamb and mint was delicious. I will definitely be going back.
5	Most people measure their lives in important milestones - your first kiss, marriage, buying a home, the birth of a child, a big promotion. My own timeline merely has two distinct halves - the time before I ate at Cornish Pasty and the time after. Every memory, every experience, every relationship before I put that first savory bite of pasty in my mouth is merely a shade of everything afterwards.What had I been doing with my life? Had I really tasted - really, truly tasted - food before? With the fervor of a religious convert I questioned everything I once thought I knew about the gastronomical experience. Some people might accuse me of hyperbole, but rest assured, they're either idiots or they've never actually eaten at Cornish Pasty.I favor the Lovely Bit of Salmon pasty. Think of an ideal Salmon dinner - complete with asparagus and rosemary potatoes - rolled up into a perfectly baked calzone-like dough crust and that's about what you're eating. Served with a mustard cream sauce, it's about the tastiest thing on which you'll ever put your filthy mouth.If that weren't enough, there're about 100 other pasties that will make your taste buds weep for joy and then ask for more. But wait there's more, they have beer. More specifically, they have Guinness, which happens to be the perfect drinkable compliment to the pasty. Funny how that works, huh?Enough talk, go get yourself to Cornish and have a life-changing experience. You can thank me later when I see you at the next Pasty Lovers Anonymous meeting.
4	Had a lamb vindaloo pasty, it was delicious! Like the way that food was prepared to order.
5	Love this place! I ordered lamb n mint pasty covered in red wine sauce.. Meat was well done. Got the indian flavors bursting in my mouth with my first bite. Also tried the chicken tikka masala and it is uber delicious ... must try for all food lovers !!!
2	Their soups are GREAT! The service can be iffy sometimes and it is very dark and hot. The employees are kind of a "grunge" crowd. However, last time I went, I got food poisoning. I would say eat there, but the food is the only good part about it. Good selection of beer, wine...not at all.
5	Wow! We initially went to BYBLOS but they didn't come to our table for 10 mins and then shouted at me for wanting to leave. Yeah - not what I call "hospitable" - not sure I will go back. It was the older, bald man about 70 years old.So we found this place via Yelp. It had to be God's will BECAUSE this place ROCKS! Plenty of Vegan/Vegetarian options too!!! It is a hip scene and the atmosphere is a little gritty; reminiscent of a British Punk bar without the drug addicts pissing in the dark corners. The food was rib-sticking food - like a coal miner would eat! (That is their theme - coal mining). Our server, Brandon, made some terrific recommendations and was efficient. They play cool tunes - but kinda loud. So if you're looking to talk and be heard - sit outside.A solid 5 stars!
5	I went here with a friend for dinner the other day. She recommended that I try it. I was impressed! The food was delicious (I ordered the Shepherds Pie with Lamb)! The portions are huge.. I was able to save half of the pie for the next days lunch. I hope I can go back there and try the other delicious pies they serve. Tip: The Tempe location is a little hidden, but its worth it when you find it. I love how they have outdoor seating on pick-nick tables.
5	This place is awesome, kind of dark and subdued but totally works, once inside the staff is super helpful and friendly. If you like beer, well they have 20+ handles on tap. The food? The food you ask? AWESOME Cornish Patsy's of every flavor and type! Pork, chicken, beef, veggie, Mexican, Italian on and on and on.... Oh I'm not done, desert Patsy's !!! So FREAKING GOOD! You have to try this place! Great history of how Patsy's came to be, mining theme on the walls. Try it you'll love it!
4	Great food and atmosphere! Love the cider! They also have an entire page dedicated to vegetarian menu items!
5	Wow! My son I and went here on a whim and I am so glad we did.  The meat and cheese pasty is tasty and filling.  We are a condiment family but there is no need for help on these babies.  Although the gravy and dripping sauce were superb, we hardly touched them.The restaurant is dark and unimpressive but don't let that deter you.   Our server was super nice and responsive.  The order took a few extra minutes but it came out piping hot and fresh.The entire experience made us want to visit the UK.
4	The Good: Tasty pasties, creative flavors, and a casual vibe.The Bad: Hipster prices. $9+ for a single pasty, no matter how filling, is slightly overpriced. Also, there was still leftover food crusted on one of our plates. And while I'm riding this gripe train, what's the point of bolting down your benches so damn close to the table?Overall: The quality is there; the ambiance is appealing. Not really a huge "wow" experience for me, but a solid food choice nonetheless (for Arizona).
5	This is probably my favorite place in Tempe. I would eat a pasty from this place every day, no joke. They have a wide variety of pasties from more traditional ones like Shepherds Pie or Bangers & Mash (my two favorites besides the Cajun Chicken) to The Mexican or Chicken Alfredo. I usually get a pasty, some oven chips, and a Strongbow (which they almost always have on tap). This has been a favorite place for my group of friends to meet and catch up at for years now. I've never once had a bad experience at this place. Plus, great music! (;
1	The bartenders were all on one side of the bar. It took over 15 minute's to get a drink. When a bartender did tell me that he would be with me in a second, it took a couple more minutes for the different bartender to take and fill my order. Won't be going back.
4	Food is good and they have a great beer selection. Every waiter/waitress is in skinny jeans and a vintage T-shirt showcasing how original they are. If you can get past that and the below average service it is a good place to get a bite and a pint. Also the seating inside is mostly wicked uncomfortable so have an extra pint.
5	All my life I thought the Irish were responsible for rainbows. Fantasies of red-bearded drunks dancing in shamrock fields with pots of gold had always accompanied the notorious rainbow in my childhood imagination. Then, I assumed the gays stole it. I was wrong. The Cornish own the rainbow. Let me explain: I became stranded in the Arizona desert when my Pinto got not one, but four flat tires. (Hit a hot speed bump and the tires melted right off.) I realized that I didn't have any food or water. At that moment, I knew I'd be fighting for my life.My heart began to race. I was on the verge of having a panic attack. I had to settle myself down. I took a few deep breaths and knew what I needed--smooth jazz. I turned the radio to 95.5 KYOT (The Valley's original smooth jazz station). I couldn't believe my ears. Coolio's "Gangsta's Paradise" was blaring through my speakers. Projectile vomit shot out my mouth. Had my entire childhood been sold down the dry canal? I thought God was playing a sick trick on me. I shuffled through radio stations faster than old people shuffle board (i.e. I took my time). But, it was true. Thee "Coyote" sold out.All hope had been lost. My spirit was shattered, and the little moisture I had left was now a soggy puddle in the passenger's seat. I was in a dire situation. In desperation, I checked between the seat cushions hoping to find some crumbs to eat but, instead, found a few petrified McDonald french fries. I looked at them and thought to myself: "I'd rather eat pigeon crap." I flicked the fries out of my Pinto. I used my finger to write a goodbye message on the dirt-crusted windshield and began my trek across the arid valley. As far as I could see, nothing but cacti and cheap Mexican food restaurants. The little vegetation was riddled with thorns and bore no fruit. The thought of a carne asada burrito tempted me like a mirage, but I knew the explosive diarrhea I'd get would dry me out quicker than a sponge in the sun. I had to stay strong and keep going. After four long minutes of walking, I gave up. The sun leached my energy and exhausted all remaining calories. The horizon held no signs of hope. Just signs for Filiberto's, Amado's, Los Favorito's, Armando's, Pedrito's, and Taco Bell. My pasty skin was turning pink and my balls looked like raisins, so I sat in the shade of a palo verde tree and prayed. I begged God not to let me die. I repented for my sins. I promised that if he let me live I'd never do anything bad ever again. Then, out of the blue, I felt drops of wetness on my bald scalp. I looked up to the sky and saw that a pigeon was dropping deuces from the branch above. (I guess He wasn't too fond of me flicking french fries onto the desert ground.) God trickled the sign I was begging for right on my forehead, and now He was putting me to the test. If I wanted to be saved, I'd have to eat pigeon deux. So, I bowed my head, placed my palms together, and said grace. There was a trembling rumble that echoed across the desert, and it wasn't the sound of me regurgitating. As I stood up from the gravel to peer into the abyss of newly formed clouds, a surge of water swept my legs out from under me. Before I knew it, I was being carried away in a flash flood. My next memory was waking to the sound of chirping birds. I flinched and covered my face fearing that I may be lying under another pigeon-riddled palo verde. I opened my eyes and was blinded by colors. I didn't know what was going on. Vibrant reds, yellows, and blues! I had no idea where I was. I got so scared, I pooped a Skittle. Then, it hit me. You know when people say that it's impossible to reach the end of the rainbow? It's a lie. It's at the entrance of a mystical place called Cornish Pasty. I entered the land of the Cornish and it was like no place I'd ever been. I expected leprechauns but encountered a species far more enchanting, with skins of the finest tapestries and earlobes so large and peculiar that they could double as tire swings. Apparently, I wasn't the first person to reach the End of the Rainbow, because this place was packed tighter than a carton of cigarettes. I tracked down one of these Cornish creatures and told her my story, explaining how famished I was. She was unusually polite and let me sit in her earlobe until a seat opened up at a table. I swung around the restaurant as she went from table to table, filling mugs up with magically frothy beer. Then, I whispered in her ear: "Are there pots of gold here?" A spot at a table had opened up, and she sat me down. She told me that she'd be right back. I sketched pictures of these Cornish creatures as I waited. The troll returned and placed a dish in front of me. She gave me a wink, then walked away. I grabbed the warm pocket of food that rested on the metal dish before me, stuffed it in my mouth, and died.It was gold, my friends.
3	If you've had real British food, then you'd probably think this place is on par with your previous experiences.  I think the concept is cool.The food is OK but somewhat uninspiring...but then again this is British food (not a knock, just the truth).  I tried the Turkey pasty and Salmon pasty.  As for taste, I definitely give the edge to the salmon.  For dessert, I tried the Strawberry Palova.  It was good, but very rich so I could only a eat half of it.The best thing about this place is that its very affordable for those who eat on a budget.  We had two pasties, dessert, 3 glasses of wine and a Sprite for less than $50.If you've never been, I definitely recommend checking out this place.
5	Best food in town. If you're all about being a part of 'the scene' - this is the place for you. They seem to only hire aspiring models and bearded biker types, but I heard this is cool now-a-days. Food can be pricey and heavily buttered, but it tastes great and is made right in front of you so you can see no one is messing with your food in the back. Go to the Mesa location to avoid 'sceney' type people. They keep the place dimly lit and there is a smokers patio. Don't be surprised if someone there offers you drugs. This is a notorious spot for cocaine transactions, hence the 'sceney' aspect. I don't judge, but if this business started drug testing it's employees, it would not have a staff, so don't fix what's not broken. Keep on truckin'
5	I absolutely love this place.  The staff is super friendly and the food is excellent.  I love the vegan options too!  The only problem is when they run out of the pasty I wanted to try but that's really nothing to complain about just means I need to get there earlier next time.  I always like to get a pb&j to take home for dessert later too.  The portions are huge so I usually can't finish my meal but pastys make for good left overs.  My favorite is the chicken marina.
5	One of my favorite restaurants on earth!  Any time I'm in Phoenix I never miss an opportunity to come here. Awesome beer selection, and the food is out of this world!
4	Having only been here are few times I can tell you that when I find myself in Tempe this is the first place that pops into mind when someone asks, "Where do you want to go eat?" With as many reviews as this place, it appears to cover various aspects.  What I will further drive in is the fact that this is quality scratch food.  Be patient this is not some Hot Pocket fresh out of the microwave. It is real food.  Pasties are not the only thing on the menu.  They have a great selection of salads and soups.  Vegan, veg whatever...they got you covered....
5	Ah, The Cornish Pasty. The food is so good, I would eat there even if I was treated like a total slob and the employees were all jerks. But the service is also really good. And great beers.
4	Yeah so I ended up in Phoenix one day and got off the plane and said yo what up son.  My cousin said we would go get some Pasty's.  Uhh the hell do I want to cover up my nipples for I asked.  But noooo, these are like other reviewers have said, fancy hot pockets or giant dumpling...!I feel like everything at night in AZ is dark cause your windows are blacked out.  It gives a strange sensation at night...maybe it's just me.  But this place was pretty dark outside.  Greeted immediately upon entering...always a great first impression.  The interior was dark but decently lit.  Seating was primarily either the bar or long communal tables w/ benches.They play some cool metal/alt music that must be local or unsigned cause shazam wouldn't even pick that up.I went straight for the "Premium" section and got a Tandoori Chicken Pasty.  So the pasty itself is cut in half but it's a little difficult to eat like a hot pocket since it does fall apart, so you're better off with utensils.  But I'm a savage so I eat with my hands...take that pasty.Don't forget the fries!  Garlic!  With Jalapenos!  Fresh cut, some skin, and nice and crispy!
4	We love the place. Any attire will do! My friends had a great time. Price is much cheaper that the others. We had the Royale w/ cheese and it's awesome it will give you the meat sweats and chicken pot pie. We also love Portobello Chicken Pasty with a side of marinara - delicious!
4	Not a bad palce.
4	Very unique, flavorful and a nice change from the usual pizza, burgers and salads.  There are so many different choices of pasties ranging from breakfast to dessert and everything in between.  Each one we tried was very good and couldn't wait to try the next.  There is honestly something for everyone, no matter what your taste or diet.  Staff was very friendly, customers were having a great time singing to the music and I can't wait to return to try the other flavors.
5	We were looking for something a little different when I found this gem. It was around 10pm, and they are open late! Really cool looking little pub. Warm wood, dimly lit, and friendly staff. The Pasty was delicious especially with the red wine gravy (I could almost drink that stuff). The only bad thing I can say is, I think it's a little pricey for what you get, they should throw some fries on the plate or something. Everything else was great!
5	Definitely one of my faves. This place is perfect!All pasty will be cooked to perfection and takes about 15 min. We come here about 1 a week.Great music and good beer complete your selection...Ah, and if you have any space left, try the dessert... one mode delicious than the other!
2	Interesting business indeed, the place is setup like a hangout for either vampires or individuals with hangovers except that terrible music they play is turned up way too loud for the latter.  Really, the only thing this place has going for it is the fact that there are indeed worse places out there.  To start, the staff are completely lackadaisical and couldn't care less about you being there.  Second, not only is the menu a complete fail but the food itself is even worse.  On a nutritional scale the fair scores about a 2 yet it is not even remotely enjoyable.  The food seriously has zero flavor, if they changed to strictly boiled chicken with no seasoning I'd be a step up.  This place takes the cake for the least flavorful food of any restaurant I've ever been to.  To boot the seating is as uncomfortable as could be found anywhere and the bar is pretty weak as well.  I'm not quite sure of the reason for this restaurant's existence.
5	Omg the most delicious pasties! I split the traditional pasty and chocolate bread desert with my husband. We were both stuffed at the end, and very satisfied. Dessert is enormous, we couldn't finish. I will definitely be back.  Want to try everything on the menu!
5	http://www.cornishpastyco.com/Its whats for dinner....had potato leek soup and chicken pesto pasty. Loved it so much got a Pilgrim for.the next days lunch, and a cinnamon apple w/vanilla ice cream for dessert.
5	OH MY GOD!!!Yelp is the best thing since space travel!!!I would have never found this place, and it is AMAZING!!!  Note:  it's BEHIND the Mexican food place - I almost drove away - very glad I didn't!  I can't even describe in words how amazing the Shepherds Pie is!!!  The lamb is OFF THE HOOK!!!  Some sort of red wine gravy / sauce...  I could drink it straight! You know the kind of meal that makes you sigh, relax a bit and remember your grandmothers house?  Yeah - that's this place...The staff looked like a mix of biker gangs and turned out to be the friendliest people in Phoenix!!!  Got hooked on Crabbies Ginger beer there too!  You'll have a GREAT dinner!!!  Enjoy!PS: asked about desserts- BOOM!  Some sort of caramel pie with whipped cream and bananas!  Insane!!!  It's like eating diabetes!
4	The pastry is a place to get lost in. It's so dark and moody and the tables so long you can bring a big group and have a great time. Really cool bar that reminds me of and older style diner. Have to try one of the pastries. It's basically a hot pocket with really fresh ingredients to describe it for a philistine. Bring some friends and try this place out!
5	Our server was Casey and all I have to say is WOW! She was so friendly an acomidating! She explained everything about the menu an recommended some great dishes! We had the wings, which were outstanding! We also had the Italian pasty! It was delicious! Thank you Casey for making this a night to remember! We will definitely be telling all our friends about this little jem!!!!!!
5	I loved this place. The atmosphere was very chilled out and the service was fantastic. I ate a chicken portobello pasty under the recommendation of the service and it was to die for. I highly recommend this place.
5	This is our families newest favorite.  Love the pastys!  We try a new flavor every visit.  The beer menu is awesome too!  3 valley locations.  Find one!!
3	Although the pork pasty and mushroom+ soup were delish, the Indian spiced chicken salad was lacking.  Fast service but the loud planes, irritating patio music, along with the bothersome flies, had us scurrying along.  This was not our first time at The Cornish Pasty.  We now prefer the Guadalupe location.  Homemade soups, brews, and pasties are quite good.
4	First off, let me say that I adore this place. The vibe is excellent, the food is to die for, and the dim candlelit lighting just makes for the perfect ambiance. It's so... comfortable in there, but in the best way. Now, my husband isn't the biggest fan. His complaints are that the benches are hard and uncomfortable and he doesn't like that you sit with others, but hey, you win some you lose some, and I think Cornish Pasty is winning! (say that like Charlie Sheen and it makes it 10x better)
5	i am so pissed at my friends, they always recommended this place but they didn't tell me they pretty much serve nothing but bomb ass homemade hot pockets. Amazing beer selection, kind of dark inside but I like it that way. Got the Shepard's Pie Pasty, it was absolutely amazing, especially with their red wine gravy.
5	I was visiting Phoenix and Yelped a few places to try. My friend and I decided to go to Cornish Pasty in Tempe. It was dark and open seating, definitely had a pub vibe inside. We decided to sit outside at the patio to enjoy the Fall weather. I got the Oggie and my friend got Shepard's pie with a side Oven Chips - added the garlic and jalepenos. I love anything pie crust and these pasties definitely hit the spot.  The minced lamb from the Shepard's pie was  cooked perfectly and not too gamey. The Oggie was a classic and a comfort food. Oven chips were like french fries cooked with minced garlic and jalepenos that weren't spicy at all. I found out there's a location in Vegas and will definitely have to visit there to try the other pasties.
5	Cornish is great and one of my top go-tos!  It is such a great concept and culture for a restaurant.  There are several locations in the valley and they all have a slightly different vibe with a laid back foundation. It's definitely a hipster crowd but not in a way that will make you sick to your stomach if you're not so hipster.  The tables are mostly long picnic table style which makes the scene effortlessly chill.The menu concept is simple yet eclectic.  It's a menu full of pasties with so many variations for every taste bud out there.  There's the classic British ones and also some fun twists on Italian, Greek and Mexican flavors.  My favorite part of the menu is that they have a whole selection of pasties that are meatless and vegan.  They use meat substitute that tastes delicious!  It's a really nice treat for any vegetarians or vegans out there who are sick of eating salads at every restaurant.  I recommend visiting Cornish often and with all of your favorite people in life!  It won't let you down as long as your embrace it for what it is - inexpensive and chill
5	Not only are the pasties frickin amazing,  but the customer service is over the top. The owner saw us browsing through & asked if we've ever been there. Told him no & he just went at, explaining & answering whatever question we had. I can't remember what beer I got because I said surprise me, but lord have mercy, what a delicious ipa. & I know I should try other pasties, but that Cajun one has me hooked! Definitely will be back.
3	Guys, you need to do something about your takeout. Or stop doing it. The soggy undercooked pasties are just horrible. I write this from a 3 time experience.I dined in over a hundred times. Foods pretty decent at the location. Great selection of beers. I got to applaud you guys for that. ALso, your service isnt great ! and you don't have enough staff to take orders and serve them.  I would do more take outs if you could make an online ordering system. Over the phone, they just cant seem to hear with all the noise. And did i say you are understaffed.
2	So we came here for a nice meal. We had a party of about 13 people. We got in in a reasonable time considering there is no reservation.  However one of the people that ordered food in our group never received it.  Everyone was finished before they even acknowledged this.  It was handled very unprofessional. Because of this I will not be back.
4	Really great comfort food!  I love the royale with cheese and the chicken pot pie.  They have a huge patio and make good drinks.
1	Two word review. Food poisoning.  Not a clean place and proof you can put bad meat in a pie and sell it to consumers.
5	Every time I go to Cornish i feel like I'm in Lord of the Rings or Game of Thrones. It is very "hipster" , but in an awesome way. Everyone is super friendly and the food consists of a calzone type pastry with various different options for filling. I haven't had something I didn't like, though my favorite is the italian.
4	Very filling and tasty with lots of pasty choices. The beer choices are good and service was good too. Would definitely return.
5	My BF and I have been wanting to check this place out for awhile cause so many people talk about how awesome it is. I'm cheap so spending $9+ on an entree with no sides seemed like it wouldn't be worth it - boy was I wrong. We did have some difficulty trying to find the front door as its not right off the main road (Hardy) you have to go the parking lot and there you see a door with the business name and hours, which still didn't look like the right door. We walked in and felt like we came in a side door or something but a friendly gal said we could seat ourselves. The place was pretty dark and looked like it had been there awhile which didn't bother us. We picked a two-top table which seemed like it was on a stage, we didn't want to take up the large community style (looking) tables.We were promptly greeted by a sweet gal named Casey. She made us feel comfortable as we explained we hadn't been there before. My bf ordered a tea and they had three options (Hibiscus, black and green) he choose the green and said he liked it. I wanted an Odell Isolation but they said they ran out so I went with a Union Jack IPA (az local) and was pleasantly surprised by the price when we received our check that it was only $4, awesome deal! I normally eat vegan so I asked about the vegan pastie specials (two choices daily) They had quite a few vegan options on the menu (like 10) but all of them included a fake meat (Quorn brand) and I am not a fan of vegan food trying to be like "normal" food, just wanted veggies and nothing fake. She said one special was a "Philly cheese steak style" and the other was a spinach artichoke which sounded like what I wanted. My BF ordered the chicken pot pie one cause he knew that would be hard to mess up. He really enjoyed his, its what he was expecting - perfect and legit. Mine arrived and I noticed mine looked different which I expected. I also noticed it had Daiya cheese on it which I wasn't expecting, I wish the server would have mentioned that cause I am not really a fan. To me Daiya has such a strong distinct flavor that it usually takes over whatever its on or in. This was no exception but I felt Like this time it was at least semi balanced where it didn't totally take it over but it was definitely a predominate taste. I know lots of vegans like that cheese but I'm a weirdo and would rather forgo fake cheese. His crust was tasty since it had real butter and mine was a bit drier but still surprisingly good, even the boyfriend was stealing some from my plate.Next time I'm just gonna get a non vegan one so I can get the full experience, I really wanted to try a curry one (with no fake meat).Overall awesome experience and when u are there you feel like you are in a place of history, even if you are not - I am not sure ;)
3	So far not so good. I had to go through 4 different beers to find one they weren't out of. We ordered a scotch egg as an appy...nope, out of that too. So we ordered the Cornish meatballs...and strike 3. I hope when I get my food it at least tastes when I get it.
5	Literally, anything your warm heart desires...into a pasty. Great comfort food and big enough to take the other half home for later. Ordered a veggie rosemary chicken and the hubby had a philly cheesesteak. They have an indoor restaurant, the grunge bar, and an outdoor patio with heaters. Waitresses were very friendly and fast. Highly recommend. Will come back to try other different pasties when in Phoenix!
4	Amazing food , the chicken pot pie is nothing to write home about . But the tomato soup is amazing especially with the bread.
4	First time here and I got the PB&J and what a surprise! It came with a side of ice cream which left me confused. After tasting the great Pasty, I understood the ice cream was there to compliment the dish. Really shows forethought to the level at which this place thinks through each dish. Decor is cool too. Very happy, come try it, ill be back!!
5	Great food, I have tried many things on the menu and The Pilgrim is one of my favs.  I ordered The Royal once at the one on Dobson.  Wasn't much of a fan of that on.  Think I prefer the taste of a burger on a bun rather than in a pasty.  Really like the space and a great looking bar, it has a dark feeling which I think is great.
4	I have to be honest, when I walked in I had no idea what to expect. It was dark and very subdue. The waitress was very friendly and took our order promptly. Once your eyes adjusts to the darkness its was not bad at all. The food arrived quickly and was nice and fresh. I ordered the "Bangers and Mash" and my wife ordered the "Shepherds Pie". We ended up splitting them so we could both try half of the other. I have to say it was really really good. The crust in which the "pies" are baked in are flaky and tasty. I slightly preferred the "Bangers and Mash" (Homemade pork with sage sausage, red wine gravy, grilled onions, mashed potatoes, & an extra side of gravy.) over the "Shepherd's Pie" (Ground minted lamb or seasoned ground beef, with peas & carrots, grilled onions, mashed potatoes, and cheddar. With a side of red wine gravy) But she got it with the ground beef instead of the minted lamb so that might have made a difference.
4	A great, very small place with big flavorful portions.  I usually get the cajun (comes with a pretty spicy chipotle sauce) that I can only finish a half of.  Service is great, people are very friendly.
4	Great food, I have tried many things on the menu and The Pilgrim is one of my favs.  I ordered The Royal once at the one on Dobson.  Wasn't much of a fan of that on.  Think I prefer the taste of a burger on a bun rather than in a pasty.  Really like the space and a great looking bar, it has a dark feeling which I think is great.
5	We love Cornish and have been many times. I have never gone wrong with anything on the menu. Im always left full and satisfied with a pasty. They have a great atmosphere and large beer and drink selection. Staff has always been friendly and helpful.
4	Great food, I have tried many things on the menu and The Pilgrim is one of my favs. I ordered The Royal once at the one on Dobson. Wasn't much of a fan of that on. Think I prefer the taste of a burger on a bun rather than in a pasty. Really like the space and a great looking bar, it has a dark feeling which I think is great.
4	A great, very small place with big flavorful portions. I usually get the cajun (comes with a pretty spicy chipotle sauce) that I can only finish a half of. Service is great, people are very friendly.
5	Very nice place and awesome pastries. There haven't been a single instance when my pastry was not good, it has been always awesome. There are so many options for every kind of taste. Everyone I have taken there for lunch has liked whatever they have ordered. Decor and setup is very good and different than a regular lunch place. There was only one instance, when I felt bad because they asked us to free up the table when we were having a short after lunch talk, I can understand their constraint because it was raining outside and there were few people waiting for their table. Other than this instance, it has always been a nice place to have tasty lunch.
5	This establishment was amazing the ambiance was fantastic for a dinner setting, music playing was great, and the staff was friendly and informative. This was my first time eating here. My friend told me how good the food was here.  I being a foodie deiced to come and check it out. I ordered a beer, chips, shepherds pie, the greek and the apple desert. Everything I ate was amazing. It was well priced. I thought it was going to be more expensive but I was pleasantly surprised when the bill came out.
4	A great, very small place with big flavorful portions.  I usually get the cajun (comes with a pretty spicy chipotle sauce) that I can only finish a half of.  Service is great, people are very friendly.
5	The ambiance is very good and traditional with dull light. Very hospitable service. Food is really good. I am not a favorite of the dough so I prefer the stuffings to the outer crust. Overall really good.
4	A great, very small place with big flavorful portions.  I usually get the cajun (comes with a pretty spicy chipotle sauce) that I can only finish a half of.  Service is great, people are very friendly.
4	Big flavor for a small price.  Pasty's are the best but and the walnut soup is something I order even when it is 110 degrees outside.  It is that good!I have moved away from Tempe but I'll go to Pasty's every time I'm in town.
4	Great food, I have tried many things on the menu and The Pilgrim is one of my favs.  I ordered The Royal once at the one on Dobson.  Wasn't much of a fan of that on.  Think I prefer the taste of a burger on a bun rather than in a pasty.  Really like the space and a great looking bar, it has a dark feeling which I think is great.
4	Great food, I have tried many things on the menu and The Pilgrim is one of my favs.  I ordered The Royal once at the one on Dobson.  Wasn't much of a fan of that on.  Think I prefer the taste of a burger on a bun rather than in a pasty.  Really like the space and a great looking bar, it has a dark feeling which I think is great.
4	A great, very small place with big flavorful portions.  I usually get the cajun (comes with a pretty spicy chipotle sauce) that I can only finish a half of.  Service is great, people are very friendly.
4	Great food, I have tried many things on the menu and The Pilgrim is one of my favs.  I ordered The Royal once at the one on Dobson.  Wasn't much of a fan of that on.  Think I prefer the taste of a burger on a bun rather than in a pasty.  Really like the space and a great looking bar, it has a dark feeling which I think is great.
5	A great, very small place with big flavorful portions.  I usually get the cajun (comes with a pretty spicy chipotle sauce) that I can only finish a half of.  Service is great, people are very friendly.
4	Unique British "pasty" restaurant - kind of like a meal in dough. An amazing selection of pasties and great beer list. Funky vibe with good music in the background. Repeat visitor.
5	I absolutely love this place.  I eat here about 2-3 times a month, and at this point have had most of the menu.  Sometimes it gets very busy, and the service can be slow, but the food is great.  If you do takeout, I would suggest getting the pasty once-baked (IE not cooked through).  They seem to batch prep, then finish cooking to order.. if you order once-baked, you can finish it off in your oven at your discretion, which can be better.They tend to have British punk music about 3-4 days a week, never really payed attention to which days are which for music.  The atmosphere is okay, but I prefer the feel of the Scottsdale and Mesa locations, this one is just the closest to me.Some of my favorites include the Potato Leak Soup (best I've had anywhere), and the following pasties... The Mexican (vegetarian version is good too), Lamb Vindaloo (it's a little spicy), and the Carne Adovada.... I've haven't had anything that was outright bad, but the Royal had way more onion than I care for, and I also didn't care for The Italian either which was way too close to a calzone, but the difference in a pasty crust wasn't my taste.All said, pretty much everyone can find something to like here... fair warning, it is definitely not a carb friendly menu.. there are a few salads which are good, but it's not their mainstay.
4	Beyond excellent.  For the price you can't beat it, although drinks are about average cost.  The food reheats the next day almost as well as in the restaurant - and they have an option to order one of the pastys half-cooked for a few bucks cheaper that you can take home and finish (or stock up).  Definitely a Tempe type place, but everyone is friendly.  I highly recommend sitting at the bar where you can be entertained by them making everything just behind it.
4	These pastys are always good and it is damn near impossible to pick one you won't love. Their pick up service lets you buy one almost finished that you can complete at home in your over. If you are not in the mood for the relaxing, but energized atmosphere or just want to eat at home, that is the way to go.
5	Best place I've eaten in my three weeks in the Phoenix area so far. Cool atmosphere and great music. Bangers and Mash Pasty was a perfect portion and just top notch. Banoffee pie dessert was HANDS DOWN THE BEST DESSERT I'VE HAD IN MY LIFE
2	My friends raved about this place so I was really excited to try it. We all shared the different pasties that we each ordered and they were all flavorless and underwhelming. Was not a fan.
4	Visited this location for the first time a couple of weeks ago. It was an overall good experience. The atmosphere is a little different - very dark and trendy. Good music. Ample indoor and outdoor seating. Service was little slow (it was a weeknight, around 9:00 PM) throughout the dining experience. I really enjoyed the mushroom soup - it was excellent and also liked the chicken pot pie pasty. The bread - this is the deal breaker - the most amazing bread ever! You have to have it! Despite the service, I will definitely return.
4	I love Cornish Pasty Co. Plain and simple.  And they know how to simply and eloquently charm you with their cozy tables, dark atmosphere, and good music. Perfect for date night, a friendly lunch, or a quick bite to eat!
5	Never fails to hit the spot! I could eat here every week and still love it. Outstanding menu and great on-tap selection, too. Definitely a Valley gem.
4	A great, very small place with big flavorful portions. I usually get the cajun (comes with a pretty spicy chipotle sauce) that I can only finish a half of. Service is great, people are very friendly.
5	This place is definitely unique and worth checking out if you've never been. They have some nice vegetarian  options too like vegetarian rosemary chicken.
4	Awesome! Few British pubs in the area and this place gets it right! Awesome beer selection and the prices can't be beat. Try the shepards pie pasty if you have never tried one- simply fantastic. It truly felt like we were back in Europe... Try something different and go to Cornish Pasty.
4	What a great find. I was with my friend over the Christmas holiday and we decided to check this place out. Upon entering this BAR/restaurant I was immediately turned off by the blasting of music so loud my heart was pounding. After ordering and waiting on our drinks I had decided to just leave because of the music but was presently surprised that after asking the waitresses to turn the music down, she did with a smile. I guess they prefer a total BAR atmosphere ! After surveying the menu for 15 minutes I decided on the Philly Cheese Steak Pastie and my friend went traditional with the Shepherds Pie.Let me say we were NOT disappointed, the Pasties were fresh and yummy delicious, mine came with a mustard cream sauce as well as their red wine gravy that I had asked for. I prefer the gravy ! My friends Shepherds Pie with Lamb and the wine gravy was also yummy. After a short walk around I was surprised to see all of these wonderful pie's were being made FRESH behind a short order/bar environment. Yes just like we used to see in the drug stores, a griddle and gas fired 4 burner stove and a tiny convection oven If you've never had a pastie, its basically like a calzone but uses a pastry crust. There were over 25 different variations with several great looking desserts, we decided on the homemade bread pudding, more chocolate brownie tasting then traditional bread pudding, but tasty all the same.There prices were fair for the Tempe area, $9.50 and $9.75 respectively and the bread pudding was $7.50.I am looking forward to dining there again when they are not out of their homemade sausage.If you don't care for a Bar atmosphere, loud music, dark and dingy then you should steer clear or set outside.I should add that I found it extremely odd that they used old church pews for a large part of their seating.
5	I want to give this place more than five stars, this is one of my favorite restaurants, period.I remember when this place opened, being British I was on my way over there as fast as I could drive to get a fill of a much-missed pasty. Back then there was only one location, and it was tiny tiny tiny. It's so exciting to see this place grow and expand like it has.I've tried their entire vegetarian menu and it is awesome, with so many options. Their veggie tikka masala is my favorite. Freakin' good sides, too. I love their garlic red potatoes. Great beer list, I love their recent addition of a rotating sour beer.  Usually get good service.It's dark and a bit dingy, sometimes a bit loud, a atmosphere that I think works well for the establishment. There's plenty of outside seating with heat lamps, too.
5	Amazing pasties.  Creative fillings, something for everyone.  Good prices.  Great service.  Friendly atmosphere.  Will definitely be going back.
5	I had a Bangers & Mash Pasty the other night. I've never had one of any kind before this. It was one of the best things I have ever eaten. It was just as good the next day too. I never eat left over at all! Must try!
4	Very nice place and awesome pastries. There haven't been a single instance when my pastry was not good, it has been always awesome. There are so many options for every kind of taste.
4	I love Cornish Pasty Co. Plain and simple. They have some of the best food near ASU. And they know how to simply and eloquently charm you with their cozy tables, dark atmosphere, and good music. Perfect for date night, a friendly lunch, or a quick bite to eat!
3	okay, so obviously this place is popular (it has over 1,000 reviews!).  and I generally like it.  but I am advising you NOT to order the bangers & mash pasty.  it was suuuuuper salty.that is all.
5	Very unique and great food.
5	The BEAST! Embrace it. The Beast is what you call the divey bar off to the right with pool tables and a killer jukebox. Full bar, full menu. Open late.If you don't know, now you know.
5	Amazing......everything there has been good so far, been going there for years now, since they had one location that resembled a dark hallway,lol.
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat in the valley! Delicious food, comfortable atmosphere and late hours (serve food until midnight except for Sundays) is the reason my girlfriend and I frequent Cornish Pasty Co. The different kinds of pasties they offer are VERY diverse (anything from exotic flavors like the "red curry chicken" and "lamb and mint" to traditional flavors like "italian" and "reuben"). Of the 38+ flavors they offer, I have probably tried about 10 of them and haven't found one I didn't LOVE! I live 40 miles away form this location but never do I mind the drive, it's always worth it! I recommend the Carne Adovada and the Hibiscus tea is my favorite!
