5	Biochem landed me in this mess. Glycolysis and gluconeogenesis with all of their enzymes popped 6 of my ribs ribs out of place. After craftily escaping the Russian torture traction contraption that Hubsky set up for me, I saw Dr. N. He found me on the side of the road, writhing in pain, screaming for mercy, pleading for an escape from all of the mind-numbing metabolic pathways with their sideways arrows. Like a glorious knight in shining armour, he whisked me off to his cozy office in Ahwatukee and beat my twisted back into submission. After sending me off with a prescription for a body pillow and one followup appointment, I skipped back home into the setting sun. I have had mixed experiences with chiropractors before. One did the job but left no lasting relief. The next one loved me so much he wanted me to visit three times per week... And then there was Dr. Nemanic. This review was a long time coming. I visited Dr. Nemanic again last week for an adjustment. He is a patient and knowledgeable guy who is always up for good conversation. He is not one of those doctors who will advise spending thousands of dollars in his office. He assesses the situation and then corrects the problem as efficiently as possible. I can't say enough good things about this doc. Just go. Are you in pain? Go now!
5	My wife and I went for our first visit and were thrilled by the knowledge, passion, and true healing that Dr. Nemanic provided. He instantly diagnosed solutions for problems that have long nagged at us. Wholeheartedly recommend him.
5	I have seen many chiropractors over the years, but this time I found one that not only treated the ailment but took the time to discuss how the mind and body connect and what was causing my discomfort.  Dr. Nemanic is a caring professional who goes beyond giving just an adjustment and treats the entire body as a whole.
5	if you've never paid a big athletic guy to play your body like a xylophone (and i mean OUTSIDE of vegas), consider that you may be overdue.  dr. nemanic is what a chiropractor should be - accurate, friendly, easygoing, and efficient without ever making me feel like i'm the last thing he needs to accomplish before a round of golf.  and he doesn't depend solely on the big pressure-relieving moments of "CRRRRACK" (wonderful as they are).  in fact, the most specific little adjustments sometimes make a profound difference.i've liked him since day one, but the turning point came a few weeks ago when he moved my shoulder within its angry little rotator cuff and said "give that a minute."  ...and a moment later, i felt like a little marble was rolling up a groove in the back of my shoulder.  he said "feels like a little crab crawling up your shoulder, right?  it's resetting itself."...and now it's love.don't get me wrong - things like this happen every time i'm in his office.  this was just a particularly good example of knowledge AND knowledge transfer.  my boyfriend and i see him regularly, and always leave talking about how cool it is that he explains the ins and outs of how things connect, how pushing here can change something there.  there's a reason that all of his reviews (here and on google maps) are five stars.
5	Dr. Nemanic has treated me on 2 separate occasions in the last 18 months for pain experienced in my hip due to an inherent weakness.  I'm an active individual (running, biking, sports) and cannot believe how helpful he's been in getting me back on track almost immediately.  His no-nonsense communication approach makes understanding the issue very easy.  I appreciate his desire to not see me again unless there's a problem -- it's incredibly refreshing.  Needless to say, I do highly recommend him because of his effectiveness, ease in understanding, and professionalism.
5	Never will you find someone who is better at this profession than Dr. Nemanic! He is the Total Package when it comes to health and well-being. I have been adjusted by over 75 chiropractors in 25 years and never have I encountered someone who is as good an adjuster, focused, able to solve the most difficult problems (acute and chronic) in the most intelligent and creative ways as Dr. Nemanic. Oh, and Dr. Nemanic happens to possess a trait that no one can learn in school (something you either have or not)... and that is, he actually CARES! So if you are looking for a chiropractor that can Really help, I honestly would look no further.
5	I am always skeptical of YELP scores that are perfect 5's.  Really?  No one has EVER complained about this vendor?  So, I waited and waited, for months, to come up with some reason to give Dr. Nemanic something less than a 5 star rating.  I can't do it.  He's truly exceptional and terribly pain relieving!(Although I guess he could get a lower rating for being too far from my house, but really, that's not fair and he's overcome that objection by being so awesome.)A few months ago I was in a lot of pain. I called 2 other Chiropractors near to my home and explained the pain and my severe, nearly immobilizing, discomfort.  Much to my chagrin, they mentioned that they could schedule time for me 2-3 days, even a few weeks, out in their schedule. I couldn't believe it. I was nearly crying on the phone.That led me to YELP and to Dr. Nemanic.  What happened on the phone with him was as remarkable as what happened in the office.  "Can I see you in 45 minutes?"  he said!  Yes, in less than an hour I was experiencing less pain that I had experienced in months...and just weeks before my summer tour of Utah and Iowa and Wisconsin, I was able to sleep through the night without waking up in tears.  Dr. Nemanic not only adjusted my back and neck to ensure a predictable and continued recovery, but he offered additional advice on other areas of intrigue (my legs not pointing forward, my lower back pain, my workout efforts, etc.) and encouraged me to move forward slowly but surely into a healthier status that I was before the fateful "fall" that brought me to his doorstep in the first place.  I highly recommend this Dr. no matter where you live in the valley...drive there, enjoy the experience, and don't forget to thank me and the other YELPers who have led you to this place of blissful painlessness.
5	Having never been to a chiropractor before, I was skeptical. I have 3 bulging discs and had gotten to the point I couldn't walk across the floor. I decided to trust the yelp reviews and give Dr. Nemanic a try. Thank God I did!!! I've had multiple epidurals and the only thing they do is cost about 2 grand a pop. I'm a big guy! 6'1" 280lbs. I was worried about someone being physically strong enough to make the adjustments on me. Dr. Nemanic is a strong buff guy, but he is still caring and gentle enough to not hurt you. After only a few visits I feel better than I have in a long time, but not just better, educated. Go see him. You will not be disappointed.
5	I have been to several chiropractors and have never had such an amazing treatment.  I had a dislocated rib and vertebrae, didn't know they could do that, he put me right in 3 trips!!! He found several problems i didn't even know I had. I have referred 6 friends to him and they are referring their friends. I highly recommend Peter to everyone in the valley!!!!
1	When I started seeing Dr. Nemanic I had high hopes. He was sure he could fix me, he said he accepted my insurance, he seemed nice, and I trusted him. Trust is a pretty important thing when it comes to patient and medical provider relations. Unfortunately I wasn't able to keep this trust in him. I saw him multiple times a week for a series of weeks, and saw no improment what so ever. That does not go to say that he is necessarily to blame for this. I've never received any benefit from any Chriopractor I've ever seen. I hoped he however would be able to help me on account of his marvelous Yelp reviews, and his sureness he could help.I stopped seeing him a few months back after I didn't quite notice any improvement from one treatment to the next/any improment over the course of seeing him. Even though I didn't see any improvement, I kept coming back with hope that I would soon "stick" with my adjustments. The reason I stopped seeing him wasn't even because I didn't see improement but instead because he insulted me to my face. During one session I asked him why I wasn't able to have a specific point on my back pop ever, by anyone. He then told me I tend to lock up when I'm being adjusted, and proceeded to ask me if I was a control freak. As I said "uhh", before giving me a chance to even answer, he smiled and said "you're a control freak". This really left an awful taste in my mouth. Rather than suggesting ways I could relax, or telling me to try something, he flat out called me a control freak, and pinned it as the reason I wasn't able to be fully adjusted. I have severe anxiety problems, and well, I was in pain... Naturally wouldn't one subconsciously lock up when a man twice your size is moving bits of your body around and it hurts? I wasn't knowingly doing this, it was entirely involutary. Whether or not I am a control freak is not what is in question here, it's the fact that rather than giving medical advice or offering help, he insulted me. Neither me or insurance, were paying him for his opinion on my personality type. We were paying him for his medical services, which after months I recieved zero benefit from. But wait, there's more. I guess my insurance was barely paying him at all, and why's that?When I asked him whether or not my insurance plan was in network with him, he told me it was. And I trusted him. Why? Because why would anyone question it any further?Today I got a call from his office today notifying me that I had an outstanding balance. After asking why I was told because he wasn't actually in network for ME and that every plan was different.  Hmm, well wouldn't that have been nice to know at the start of seeing him? Because honestly, had I known, I would have NEVER seen him in the first place. I am a student. I do not have the kind of money to spend on multiple Chiropractic appointments a week, that is unless my insurance company is covering me. This bugs me, but what really bugs me is that fact that this could have been caught after the first appointmentm, if he was billing my appointments as they happened. He could have told me, after one visit, that he wasn't covered under my insurance's co-pay. Instead, over the course of seeing him, he insulted me, left me feeling no better, and also left me with a couple hundred dollar tab that wouldn't exist if he just checked if he was in network for me BEFORE my first visit. He puts a whole new meaning to "adding insult to injury".
5	I have been seeing Dr. Nemanic now for almost two years. I initially went in because I have plantar fasciitis. He has helped me be able to continue to run and box, even with this condition. I count on him to put me back together before any of my race events. I have come to rely on his knowledge of the whole body as well. He has helped me figure out some other medical issues that my other doctors did not find. Dr. Nemanic is very in tune with the whole body and how everything works together. Just because you have foot pain, it's not all in the foot. There may be other areas that are creating the problem. I have refereed many of my family and friends to his office and they all have been able to find relief and solutions to their problems. They are now return customers as well.I would recommend Dr. Nemanic to anyone who has a health issue and needs answers. I am very grateful to have met him and will continue seeing him for all of my medical concerns.
5	If you have any physical pain, call him immediately! I was suffering with tremendous face pain for four months and I went to doctors, ER and ENTs who gave me no solutions. Dr. Nemanic was a miracle worker for me and I highly recommend him to everyone I know. He is honest, trustworthy and spends time with patients. The best chiropractor in Arizona!
5	Dr. Nemanic is an exceptional chiropractor and I went to his office when I lived south.  He helped me immensely with a car accident injury which affected C2-C7.  His neurological background and studies brought new light to my injury and symptoms that even my neurologist did not catch.   His treatment, advice and knowledge has changed my life.   I wish I was closer to his office now in order to get there for treatment
5	I started seeing Dr. Nemanic to treat migraines, and he ended up fixing a 20 year old injury that I had given up on years ago.  I have been through many chiropractors over the years, and Dr. Nemanic is far and away the best and most effective doctor I have seen.  His knowledge and patience have been transformational for me, and I continue to feel better than I have in years after every visit.  Beyond the immediate fix, he has also taught me how to care for my injury so that I can continue to live pain free in the future. I am so grateful I found him, and highly recommend him!
5	Truly happy with the decision to visit this office. My back was killing me and I couldn't stand up straight from moving homes over the last few weeks. The doctor took the time to explain to me what was going on with my back pain, how to prevent in the future, and some stretches to do at home to help with the healing process. I was in and out quickly and it's only been a day and I can feel the healing has begun. I have found my new chiropractor!! Other chiropractors I have seen are pushing things that will just run up my insurance bill. I feel this doctor is all about solution and healing. I will be back, and since I work down the road I have already started referring my coworkers. Thanks so much!! 6 stars!!Much!!
5	Dr. Nemanic is outstanding, I got to the point with headaches where I was willing to try anything before going and getting MRI's, CAT scans, and thousands of dollars in medical procedures on my brain that were possibly unwarranted.  I saw him twice in the last year the first time I was having at the peak of my serious headaches and pain from a pinched nerve in my neck. He assessed me, adjusted me, and gave me some great consultation on how to correctly sleep (on my side or back and NOT my stomach) he then also gave me some extremely sound guidance on stress management. I really appreciated this because that's what professional doctors are supposed to do. Usually if you're sick or stressed out it's been my experience they want to throw medication at you, or do a 5 minute sweep of your body, tell you you're fine, and please leave. I utilized the advice he gave me for my neck on proper stretches, and then for stress management to get back in the gym and start exercising more. I haven't had anymore headaches since the day he adjusted me and I have had thriving results with the stress management and getting back in the gym, the 2nd visit was just to go back and check in again, make sure my neck was still in good shape and that was that! Thanks again Dr. Nemanic, truly appreciate it!
5	I have been to dozens of chiropractors over the years as the result of playing sports and a serious car crash. Most chiropractors are adequate while there are a much smaller percentage of good ones. Then there are a very select number of talented & gifted chiropractors that are extremely hard to find. Dr Nemanic is one of these guys. Phoenix, you are lucky to have this guy. He confidently can do the tough adjustments with ease & understands the human body as well as any physiotherapist or MD. I have C1 and C2 problems and Dr Nemanic does these adjustments better than anyone I have ever been to (many chiropractors shy away from C1 and C2 adjustments). I highly recommend Dr Nemanic.
5	I've been to plenty of chiropractors to know Dr Nemanic IS THE VERY BEST OUT THERE. His wealth of knowledge and his ability to find and problem and fix it is astounding! Truly he is the real deal. I am a 53 young women super healthy fit who has spent a lot if time and money in the pursuit of health. He is THE BEST. I'm heading back to Utah for the summer and if I have a situation that I need a chiropractor I will be flying back to see him.
1	Very Poor Customer Service!!! Prior to seeing this Chiropractor I called to see how much a visit would cost with my insurance and he told me $25. I sent my wife in for 2 visits which she paid $25 each time. I later received a bill from his office for $100, when I called to ask about it he was extremely rude and said the insurance wouldn't pay him so I owe him $100. Then he said he would give me a cash rate of $40 a visit, I said well she already paid you $50 so if I pay another $30 it will be settled. He then gasps and said "frankly I'm pissed off"...I'm jumping through hoops for $30...I don't have my notes on the file so will have to look through credit card receipts to see that you paid the $50, then out of my disbelief he hung-up on me. This guy needs a good lesson in customer service. I will definitely not be back to his office.
5	I love reading Yelp reviews but have yet to write my own.  Dr. Peter has made such a difference in my life that I felt compelled to write my first review.  I'm not new to chiropractic care and Dr. Peter is definitely the best I've seen.  I've been an adrenaline junkie my whole life and figured all the crashes/injuries have just caught up to me.  Recently I've had to alter my workouts, reduce the amount of weight I lift or eliminate exercises because of knee, shoulder or elbow pain.  Dr. Peter takes the time at each visit to assess my current condition and addresses each area methodically.  I never thought a chiropractor could fix pain in a joint but I am experiencing otherwise!  As an engineer, I love to know 'how' or 'why' and he gives explanations for everything he is doing and answers all my questions.  He provides exercises and stretches to do on my own time to speed up the healing.  The 'crunching' in my knees is actually going away!  Additionally, he is addressing my 'longer' leg issue that I've had since childhood.  Other chiropractors said it is probably misaligned hips but would take too long and be too painful to try to correct.  If you have pain or issues you are living with because you assumed they just couldn't be fixed, I highly recommend going to see Dr. Peter.  I'm sure you won't be disappointed!!!
5	I am suffering with chronic pain in my upper back, neck and part of my face.  I went to different Doctors and no one has helped me the way Dr. Peter has helped me.  His knowledge is second to none. Dr. Peter helped me not only with the physical pain but with my emotional distress because of the chronic pain I  had been in for so long. I highly recommend him and thank him for being such a dedicated Dr.Thank you Dr. PeterKobi
5	Dr. Peter is the best chiropractor I've ever seen.  He listens, is thorough, and what he does is so much more than adjustment.  Every visit he gets to the deeper issues, helps you talk out what's going on in your life that could be negatively affecting you physically.  So many of us walk around with pain inside that we don't address.  He then aligns everything so you literally walk out feeling like you can conquer the world! He has helped me with issues I've had for years; that others have not addressed or thought they could do anything to help. Every visit is an adjustment from head to toe. Dr Peter never leaves anything out and addresses all of your issues and concerns. I'm so thankful I met him.  One of my shoulders has been higher than the other for a few years now...we talked about it during my last visit.  He did some muscle work and by the time I left it was dramatically improved.  I could literally see the difference immediately. I couldn't say enough good things about him. His hours are super flexible with evenings and Saturday hours available.  Dr. Peter is conveniently located at the I10 and Warner in Ahwatukee so it's great I can run over there during my lunch.   Although if you don't live close...he is worth the drive!!! Whatever you've got going on...call Dr. Peter.  I've referred a ton of friends to him and every single person has been ecstatic about the care they received and the relief... even on the first visit.  Thank you Dr Peter!
5	I am very picky who I go to for any kind of health care. This Doc came with a high recommendation from a friend.  I was impressed with his knowledge and ability to listen to my concerns and respect I take an active roll in my healthcare.  I will definitely recommend.
