3	SInce the Salsarita's at the Quad closed, this is the closest place to get a quick burrito fix when I am at the office.  I think the burritos are ok here but I preferred the chips & queso at Salsarita's.   I haven't been sickened by the chicken here, but reading that review makes me wonder if I should just drive a little further and head over to Qdoba at Stonecrest when I am in the mood for a quick burrito to take back to the office.
4	Mo-Mondays is what I mostly hit Moe's for but have been known to go other days too :). The rice bowls are really good and the portions are pretty equal to the price. Over all it is a real good place for a quick lunch and it is real close to my work so that's an added plus for me.
3	Its just OK however if there is a Chipolte close by I'd go there first.
4	This is probably the best Moe's in the area which explains why it's always busy and other ones are always empty.  The people are friendly here, they don't skimp on the burritos, and they have the freestyle Coke machine.  Their sanitation scores are typically far and above other Moe's in the area too.  It's not gourmet or authentic Mexican, but for $5 on Monday for a huge burrito, chips, and a drink, you can't go wrong.
4	WELCOME TO MOE'S!!!!You have to love that warm greeting every time you walk in the door! I went for lunch and decided to try a taco salad, I told the guy making my salad I really didn't want it the way it was listed on the board, and he replied that it's fine, "we make it the way you want it so that you love it!"  How awesome is that!I started with the taco shell which was crispy and fresh, lettuce, grilled chicken which he warmed up on the grill, cheese, jalapenos, corn salsa (which if you haven tried you must....so delicious!), sour cream, guacamole, onions and BACON...which he also warmed up on the grill...I added the house dressing which was a nice mix of spicy and sweet and really brought the salad together in my opinion.When he was done creating my salad it looked like a masterpiece and I almost didn't want to eat it! But somehow I managed, lol and it was just as delicious as it looked!Add the chips and a drink and overall it was an awesome lunch! I would definitely recommend it and we surely be back!
4	This is my neighborhood Moe's in Ballantyne Village. I come here about once a month and get the junior Art Vandalay (good option for a vegetarian). The service is always prompt and friendly. The place is usually pretty clean. No complaints. Good place to run in and grab a quick bite.
2	I have always liked Moes but the pricing is ridiculous.  They charge extra for everything.  I ordered a side of queso and it was the smallest container I have ever seen.  Shouting "Welcome to Moes" seems like a routine job to the employees as something they have to do- not genuine at all.  One lady that assembles the food always looks miserable and acts as if you are bothering her when picking your toppings.  Manager always has a smile and is quite nice but staff. portions and pricing will reconsider another visit for me.
3	I am a HUGE Moe's fan but I just don't understand why this one in a high traffic, visible location isn't managed better.  The dining room is run down, unkempt and truthfully dirty.  Their employees seem more interested in each other than the customer.  I visited one Monday for their special, which means they are VERY busy and there was a maintenance working hanging a television in the midst of lunch rush. This just signals poor management to me.  Makes me wonder what else is going on....
4	Moe's is my favorite type of the build your own burrito places to go. It's also my husbands. This location in Ballantyne is right on the corner when you want to make a left, but you can't so you have to go to the light, and make a u-turn. Aside from the difficulty that is getting in, they rest is fantastic. The people working there are generally happy, and I've never had a complaint about the food. The salsa is always fresh, and the soda machine is never out of anything. The place is also really clean, something I know must be difficult, when children and chips are involved.
4	Busy.... Big line
4	Very good quick, counter-service Mexican food.  Tuesday's kids eat free.  Billy Barou nachos is my favorite. What you get depends largely on who crafts it for you.  We've been dining here weekly for several years.
5	If you work hard and you are really hungry don't go to this place, for over 10 bucks you will get much more in some other places, half spoon serve, over price burritos and nachos.
