1	If there was a 0 star rating for for my experience at this location I would have chosen it! The clerk JEFF offered horrible customer service. He even refused to give us a refund and then called metro because we demanded one. All I can say is that there are so many people who are unemployed. This night clerk who claims that he is the manager of the store does not value his job. I did not give them my business and never will again. He blurted racist comments and stated that "ain't gonna loose his job because of this". Horrible way to make a business work. Jeff who said his name was Peter, should be retrained in the value of a customer and customer service Period! Bad business. Shame on you 711 for employing someone that treats your "valued guests" in that manner. Shame on the night clerk Jeff for being so rude and offensive. Shame on you!!!!! I give this location a zero star rating.
4	Clean store with friendly staff.   They even sell Dasani water.  Was tempted to but candy, but passed on it.
5	Five stars because of the guy who works weekday mornings (around 8-9am-ish.)  He is awesome, friendly, fast service, patient when I'm paying with half card, change and pocket lint!  I observe he treats all customers well.  I'm fond of the tall, super-early morning guy as well.  This is my favorite 7-11.  It is also very clean.
3	Easy to get to from Russell road.   The staff is friendly and the place is clean. Price is always competitive!
4	Easy to get to from Russell road.   The staff is friendly and the place is clean.   Great gas price!
3	Easy to get to from Russell road.   The staff is friendly and the place is clean.  Always a good price for gas!
3	Oh thank Heaven for Seven Eleven! I don't know about that, but I thank Seven Eleven for instant brand recognition. Convenience stores are a dime a dozen. But Seven Eleven stands out from the competition with its famous brands that include the Big Gulp, Slurpee, Big Bite hot dog, Seven Eleven nachos, and Seven Eleven coffee. It's not the above Seven Eleven brands that draw me into this location. It is the Seven Eleven gasoline.   When I drive from Green Valley toward the northwest bound 95 or Northeast Valley with a low tank of gas, oftentimes I stop here. I appreciate that there is sufficient room to maneuver a vehicle around the gas pump islands. I appreciate that Seven Eleven takes graffiti seriously. Disparate from several of the Valleys gas stations, the pumps are free of the graffiti that is commonly carved into the gas pumps. I also appreciate how this Seven Eleven spruced up a  blighted corner. I take it back, I also appreciate the Big Gulp, that I pick up for the drive north.  You might ask, "How is Seven Eleven gasoline?" Seven Eleven gasoline is one of the brands that I have been using with my last three car leases. I have been fueling my motor vehicles with Seven Eleven gasoline,  and never had an engine problem.   In the exact style of many Seven Elevens, this location is clean and modern. Even though it takes me a few minutes to pay and fill up my motor vehicle, it is a short period of time well spent. And in a short period of time I shall return to this Seven Eleven.
5	One of my favorite gas station to stop at.  The store is always clean and the staff is friendly.  This location is convenient and has a red box outside the store.  The have hot and ready to serve pizza and wings as well. One thing I love about this gas station I can't even recall a time where someone has come up to me and asked for money which is definitely a plus.  The pumps are always clean and the parking lot is always kept up.  I can say I actually look forward to stopping here and filling up with Petro!
