5	We have been so impressed with the staff here.  They are always prompt in responding to our service requests.  The two service guys that work here currently are very professional, courteous and knowledgeable.  The office staff are always friendly...and trust me, we have seen some of the worst!  We only have one neighbor that seems to think this is a college apartment (and the staff have been dealing with them), but suffice it to say we really recommend Oakbrook to anyone looking for a great, affordable apartment in the Pineville area.It's also really close to 485, so getting to the highway doesn't take much time at all.  It's also really close to good shopping centers.  And to cap off my review, I gotta say how awesome it is to live in a place that is shaded by tons of trees and isolated from the noise of Park and Johnston.
1	We've been here 2.5 years.  At first, everything was great.  Then a few staffing changes, and things started going downhill.  Then the property was purchased by Fairfield.  Things went from okay to a little worse to absolutely horrible. Since the property was bought maybe 6 months ago, the whole place has been in a STEEP decline. The buildings are filthy, and the grounds are littered with trash and pet waste.  It's actually become embarrassing to live here, to the point where we don't invite people over any more.  The apartments are not worth half what they charge for rent, in fact, we're buying a brand-new, custom-built home in a much nicer area, and our monthly payment will be about the same as what we pay for this s***hole.  Do yourself a favor and stay away.
1	Yeah this place is horrible. I've been here for just under 2 years and I wish I was able to have moved out before I renewed my lease. The previous staff was alright. At least they were decent to talk to and understanding about day to day happenings. the new management team in the office now are cunts and have no sense of urgency or how to run a business. Because the rent payment process is for the most part automated, there is no need for them to be there other than to give tours and sign people up. With that being said, the model and the common area are FAR more upgraded and modern than the apartments them selves. The apts have 30+ year old appliances and we were told, well if they work then they are working by design and we can't replace them. But did I mention that they raised the rent after the 1st year? for what.. no property improvements have been made. The same low quality of people live in the place making what the previous person said to be entirely true. Waste and pet waste all over. Stupid parents let their small children play in the street so driving through the blind curves can almost be an accident waiting to happen. The pool is never clean. the hot tub doesn't work. You can see the grossness in the water floating on top. There are constant issues with the apartment and complex as far as maintenance issues go. The resolutions are half assed and often repeated because a more solid solution is not sought out. The place is crawling with bugs, my payments to have that maintained is probably spent else where. The walls and ceilings are crap and look crap with the layers of paint over the problem areas. Band-aid approach to fixing things. Every month it is a new issue. They do not send out notices when complex wide issues/fixes will be happening. It really just is a crap place to live. Better options for 900+ a month and crappy service.
