5	AWESOME!! Don't Replace your AC till you check with TNA.Tim was AWESOME!!! *** $19.99 ** second Opinion!!  Other Large Company came out and claimed "Drawing High Amps" "Low on Freon"...Expensive temporary repairs OR change the Whole unit! A "Deal" was offered on the Whole unit and it was still high priced.Tim showed AMP Draw was NORMAL..NOT HIGH DRAW! Also a leak was soon discovered under the Freon checkport. IE .. Other Guy NEVER even check Freon or he would have stated the Leak.  TNA Offers $19.99 check, Great for a 2nd Look before you commit to a full change out.They can usually fix it and R22 will be around for years Though price is going up.  Full install from TNA also $1,000.00+ cheaper than those others!!!Whats $20 for a second opinion...That's 10 min on the Slots!! You can always go back to The More Expensive Company if you like!                               Call Them NOW!!!
5	Great customer service and definitely affordable . My AC system died on Saturday night on hottest weekend of the year last summer ( 2013) ... 117 degrees. I calledSunday morning and they were able to  get a new 5 ton 13 seer unit installed the same day for $2595...$1000 less than competitors with a much better warranty . Then they sent another tech out today (Monday) to make sure it was running properly.  You can't live  in Las Vegas without AC and I think a lot of companies take advantage if that. I'm happy to say that TNA isn't one if them... 5  Stars!!!
5	Ok so it's 8:00 PM on a Tuesday and it's 85 degrees in my house. I call a couple of places and one says they can come in the morning. The other says not until Friday. Not good. I call TNA and get an answering machine. I don't leave a message because I need to get someone out quickly. A few minutes later the phone rings and it's TNA apologizing for missing my call. I tell the lady what's going on. She asked where I live. She says she has a repairman in the area on a call and can come to my house next. Derek arrives at my house around 10:00 PM. He assesses the problem as a slow refrigerant leak. He, unfortunately, didn't have any sealant but could at least refill the refrigerant. I asked him to go ahead and do that since it was late and my house was too warm. $200 and my house is cooling off. He was here for about a half an hour. I'm happy with the service I received from TNA. By the way they only charge 20 bucks to come out and look. Far less than other companies. I will definitely recommend them to family and friends.
5	We were melting , even my cat was having trouble breathing ^&^ ~ . Our air went out and I just kept seeing the inside temp approaching 90 degrees! I put out a facebook alert for an HVAC person STAT ! Boy Ill tell you , the minute I called there offices and Arti answered , I knew I was in good hands. Ive heard horror stories of people waiting up to a week , sometimes two just to get someone to take a look. TNA was there in 45 minutes. Not only did they take a look , they brought a solution. They had the parts right on the truck and had me up and running in no time. Thank you so much ! It is rare to find a company that provides such great customer serv ice and quickly too. Thank you agin. And my cat thanks you too. Now , if i could judt get the icemaker in the fridge to work and my drivers side door lock to be unjammed , Id be a happy camper. I will refer you to everyone I know . Thanks , Thanks, Thanks
5	Wonderful customer service and they Lady that answers the phone was just awesome. Although my problem with my AC was small he still checked out other possible problems and seen none, but gave some great advise on the proper filter we need to use.  And only a 20.00 service call.  Thank you so much for showing me what to do if it happens again and being the kind of service that is so appreciated.  I will refer you to other people I know.  Thanks, Julie
