4	I love my eyebrows when I get them done here most of the time .  The first 4 times it was fabulous.  However, last month I saw someone that had not done them before and they were uneven.   I just came back and Rida did an awesome job! So I will stick with the ones that have done them before.
5	I love this place.  I used to go to Eyebrows R Us over on Tropicana back in the day, but when I noticed this place was literally a block away from my house, I had to check it out.  I have now gone three times and have left happy every time.  It's quick service - I've only ever waited 30-45 minutes once, but that was because it was a Monday after work and there were about 3 or 4 people ahead of me and only one person doing the threading.  I always go to Shila, she does a perfect job every time!  I'm very picky about my eyebrow shape and I remember that's why I stopped going to Eyebrows R Us - they would essentially change my shape, even after I told them not to.  Shila actually listened to me and only removed the excess hair without changing the shape.  It's $11 for just eyebrows and $6 for upper lip.  Anyway, I hope this place never goes away because it's so convenient and good quality for the price - I highly recommend!
5	I am in love with eyebrows and I find them to be very important to the face.I have been here twice now, and am VERY satisfied with my final results. The gals here take their time all the while being efficient instead of just ripping your eyebrow hairs out spontaneously! I recommend this place anyday. $11 for eyebrows which is pretty much the standard around Vegas and Henderson. This is a great setting, open, clean, and for the times I have been.. NO wait!
4	I love going to this place, it's just much more convenient for me than elsewhere.  I used to go to Eye brows R us right next to the K-mart on eastern.  They did a good job, but they were just too far out from my house.  When you first walk into this place the ambiance is amazing.  The way the place was well put together, decorative wise.  It's not too crowded or spacey, well in my opinion any way.  There are three main ladies that do your eyes, and usually I like to get the gal in the middle.  It's a little pricier than eyebrows r us, by a buck or 2.  But they do a heck of a good job.  You can make appointments through their secretary, and I've never waited for more than an hour to get my brows done.  It usually takes 15 mins.  If you're looking to thread them bushy brows, check this place out!
4	See Rupa.  She has changed my life.  Everytime I think I am in a hopeless eyebrow situation, I leave Diva Beauty with the most beautiful arched eyebrows.  Diva Beauty is super clean, hip and quick.  I like this place much more than Eyebrows R Us.  Also, I personally think that threading is less painful than waxing.  Check it out.  This one is in a great location, walking distance to Ulta and Nordstrom Rack.
5	I'm thankful I bought groupons for this place, otherwise I wouldn't have gone in.  Now I'm hooked.  I use to only do threading in LA and settled for waxing here in Vegas.  This will definitely be my go-to place for threading.  I've gone three times and I haven't waited more than 5min to be seated.  Threading lasts so much longer for me and it's just so clean
4	This was the first place I've ever got my eyebrows threaded, and while there are cheaper means around Las Vegas to get them done... this location will always have a fond place in my heart! The threaders here are very accurate with shaping your eyebrows to the angles you want them to be. If it's your first time getting them threaded, you'll be provided a little survey like card to fill out showing how much you want taken off, how thin/thick you want them to be, and what specific shape you would like them as. For first timers, they make you feel comfortable and explain the routine of how eyebrow threading works. This location is fairly busy, and the inside decor is fashioned in a very cliche salon like style, but that isn't to say it doesn't look nice! This is a great threading venue to go to if you live in the Henderson area or Southeast side of town!
5	Diva Beauty was the first place I've ever experience eyebrow threading, and ever since, I have been a loyal devotee to the process.I've been to other places, but I am a huge fan of Diva. Quick, simple, and decently priced, what's not to love? Always without an appointment, I am seated within ten minutes at most. The women behind the threads are amazing - so sweet, skilled and swift. However, most times, they will not ask you what you want with your eyebrows. Be sure to tell them how you like your arches or what not - otherwise, it's literally all in their hands. The price? 11 for eyebrows, 15 for most packages. However, the key is to befriend Diva on Facebook. Usually, they are running some sort of special - Mondays and Tuesdays? Eight dollars for eyebrows. For the price, I am in. However, with the staff and the entire process usually being ten minutes, I am convinced on Diva.
5	I just recently moved to Vegas and of course I had to find a place that I can go to regularly to get my eyebrows done. I had tried a couple of places that I found on Yelp, but none of them were quite satisfactory until I came across Diva Beauty. Though there are cheaper places around, it is well worth the price. I normally don't care too much about how the place looks as long as they do their job, but this place looks great.. very modern and chic. What I love the most is that their chairs are seated far enough to allow each person some privacy (this experience can be uncomfortable for some)! The employees are friendly and know what they are doing. I have very sensitive skin and so I always "break out" around my forehead near my eyebrows whenever I get them done, but the lady that did mine was excellent! No breakouts and it didn't hurt as much as it usually does for me. She took her time to clean them up real nicely and made sure they weren't too thin. I would recommend this place for anyone both girls and guys. :) Happy yelping!
2	Until a week ago, I had never experienced threading.  It was so much more painful than waxing I have had in the past!  I had heard that this was the case and was slightly prepared for it, but what I was not prepared for was the amount of hair that was taken off!!  My eyebrows were left very thin and pretty uneven.  I can give them credit because when I brought it to her attention, she was very apologetic and gave me a discount on the service.  I suppose people make mistakes and maybe i am a little picky, but I am really very nervous to give threading a chance again.  I should have explained to her that I didn't want much taken off... I guess I know for next time.
5	I purchased a groupon for eyebrow/lip/chin threading services. I have become a fan of threading in the past year after having an allergic reaction to a waxing session. Although the salon is difficult to spot (its in the back of a retail area), the salon was very clean and nicely set up. The receptionist was friendly and I was attended to in a timely fashion. Rupa worked on me and did a GREAT job! I was very happy with my experience here!
5	It was Christmas Eve 2010 and of course, we were having company. My sister took me to this place.  1. It was busy ( that's a good sign).2. staff was friendly 3. the place is beautiful inside. It's very  relaxing.  I think  we sat down about 15 minutes. We did not mind waiting as it was a holiday.  They called my name. I don't remember the lady that did my eyebrows, but I will next time! I looked good. I was like, OH YEAH!!     For my eyebrows it was $11 . Just a dollar more than what I usually pay and i put money in the tip jar. It was worth it, and so inexpensive for me .  I feel confident and will be going back either this weekend or the next!  oh yes, and they do take cards, however I'd rather give cash. :)EDIT UPDATE Nov. 30,2012 : I Still go to this place every 2 weeks or every month depending on funds. Meena does my eyebrows each time and she's amazing. (she does not work on Mondays).  I always look fantastic when I come out and  they service me very quickly. Everything is still nice and neat, service is outstanding, and usually, you are in and out in 15-20 minutes tops.
1	I used to like this place (silverado Ranch location). I'm usually here getting my eyebrows done every week by Shila. She's the best! But she moved to a different location on EAstern and Candelaria Dr. right next to Island Sushi. She has her own place called.... Shila! She charges $7 for eyebrow threading. DIVA BEAUTY lost me as a customer because of their receptionists!!! they are mean and they seem to hate their job! Also the prices are too high.
4	My fave place to get my brows threaded whenever I am in Vegas. Love the music there! Very relaxing.
5	I came here for the first time the other day and I was very happy with the way my eyebrows looked! The only thing is I personally like waxing better cuz I think threading hurts a lot worse, but if you like threading this is definitely the place to go!! Very professional and my eyebrows definitely look better than the past times I've been waxed so if you can handle the constant plucking feeling (and aren't a baby like me lol) I definitely recommend them! Even though I thought it hurt I'll definitely be back!!
2	This review is for the shop near Ulta on Eastern. Nicely decorated, however, the service I received was poor. I went in for a quick clean up, asked that the eyebrows be left thick. Instead one was SUPER thin and almost straight while the other thick and arched!!!
5	Sharda is great.  She makes my brows look purdy, and that is no easy feat - if I go more than two weeks without getting them threaded, I look like a wookie.  I go out of my way to make sure I get into Sharda's chair.  I have been known to leave if I realize it's her day off.  Brows are serious business - if you've ever had a bad wax or threading job, you know what I mean.
5	Coming from Cali I have high expectations. Over all the place is really nice & trendy. The emploees were very friendly. I usually pay $9.00 in Cali so $11.00 bucks isn't that bad. Plus they take there time offer you water. They have earned my business and I will be coming back.
5	I am a man that likes to look clean cut. Just because I prefer to be well groomed does not mean I want an eyebrow with an arch that would tell Ms. Ross who the real boss is. I have had too many places give me the high brow line, pencil thin tip, and overly sculpted ridge. No, thank you. My sister has been going to Diva for quite some time. I had some time to kill before my massage and stopped by to get a clean up. Seeing them work on a guy's eyebrow has reaffirmed my notion that I can have two neat lines without the obvious preened look. The attention to detail is the best part. Not only did I get my brows threaded, but trimmed, and then massaged to reduce the redness.
5	I was very hesitant on trying threading my brows as I heard it was very painful. I decided to give threading a try because I haven't had great waxing experiences recently. 2 weeks ago, I got my brows waxed and spent $30 and she waxed too much off one brow and I cried! Never again!!!! There is nothing worse than having uneven brows AND over paying and getting ripped off!OK, so I decided to try Diva Beauty because I'm new to the Vegas area and I based my decision off of yelp reviews. So glad I did! I walked in and was seen right away- they don't take appointments. The girl I saw was very experienced, quick, extremely thourough, and it didn't hurt AT ALL! This hurt much less than waxing! And, my brows are clean and even....I will be coming back to Diva Beauty- I mean $11 beats any crappy waxing job! And they have a rewards card for every 5 threading visits, you get 1 free. Very cool!
5	Love it, love it, love it! I have always been a fan of eyebrow threading, but traveling all over the world it is hard to find a place that does a good job. I naturally have asymmetrical eyes and eyebrows, which isn't obvious in real life, but it shows up horridly in photographs (my license is gross). I'm a self-taught makeup artist and as much as I try, I could never get my eyebrows to even out because they were just THAT off, at least to me. I just went in today and told Shaila (sp?) how I felt about that, and she actually got it, she understood me. My eyebrows look even now, and the price was great.
5	Rupa is phenomenal. She was the first one to touch my brows and I loved how they turned out. The second and third time I went I tried the other ladies and it just didn't work out. I definitely think that you have to find the right person for you. Rupa just understands me! Everytime I go in she is so sweet and friendly and I have never walked out looking less than fabulous. She seems to be fairly popular because most of the time when I go in people are requesting her. I also have never waited longer than 15 minutes for her (even with a line of people requesting her!)
1	My first time being threaded here went well, but my second time was terrible.The lady who was supposed to help me didn't ask what I was looking for and started working away until I stopped her and said that I simply needed a clean up job.Then after awhile.. dun dun dun I had uneven eyebrows. After over two years, the hairs still haven't grown back so I'm left with uneven eyebrows unless I pencil them in.My friend had an issue (4/23/2013) where they took off almost half of her eyebrow on one side (they're thin) and didn't say anything to her about it. Never again.
3	My brows look and feel amazing! The girl who did them is very talented and gave me a full consultation before starting my service. The salon is so cute and clean but the only thing that negatively effected my service was the girls at the front desk. When I checked in and out they were great but it felt very fake since during my service all I could hear was them (loudly) gossiping and complaining about their schedule and personal problems on the salon floor. It was very hard to tune them out since they speakin over the music.It brought down my mood and the over all experience, it just didn't seem to match the image of the salon... Work was great, experience was Okay.
1	First time I went here it was great.  I just went today for the second time and it was terrible.  I told her not too thin.  She almost took my entire eyebrow off.  When I complained to her she tried to defend herself.  I am getting married in a few months. They better grow back by then!  When I told the girl checking out she didn't care.  Won't be back!
2	I've been here a few times and my problem with this place is you have to be VERY specific in telling them what you want or you'll be very unhappy. I have very thin sensitive skin and they seem to want to take the hair off as fast as possible and they end up cutting me! Also, this last time I went, I forgot to mention I had been growing my brows out and wanted them left thicker and when she was done I hardly had any brows left at all!! It took me three months to grow them out to where I wanted and now they are barely a few hairs thick. Not only that, she plucked them really far back from my nose on the right and left the left brow where it should be. AND they are not the same thickness and are uneven on my face...the left one being too high. WTF?!? Three months  of unruly grow out and I have to start all over again. In addition to all of this, one time I let them do my upper lip and it was swollen for an entire week. The only thing they do right is my chin, hence the extra star in my rating. Needless to say, I WON'T be going back. Good thing too, because they just raised their prices.
4	I was hesitant in trying out this place but eyebrows needed some grooming.  I've always had a bad experience when it came to threading since everywhere I've gone to they've almost always want to take my entire brows off.  I go in and I come out with the thinnest brows.I believe the lady who did my eyebrows here was Mina.  She did such a great job and kept it real natural and did not thin my brows out.  I definitely will keep going back.  Mina is off on Mondaysthey also have an early bird special I believe from Sunday - Thursdays before 12pm for $10 and your 5th visit is free.
2	Granted, I do have sensitive skin, so I always have some swelling afterward.  Never this much though, plus I had some cuts from the rough threading.  Great deal and looks good but not worth the pain.  If your skin isn't so sensitive try it.
2	I came here a while back to get my eyebrows done, and just never posted a review.I'm used to getting my brows waxed, but was looking for something cheaper than $20 a pop.When I got there, everyone was very polite, and my brows ended up looking ok.The process was not painful at all.My complaint is that they woman doing my brows would NOT do them the way I wanted them. I like mine a little shorter on the outside, and they absolutely would NOT take that part off for me.I'm sorry, but if I'm paying you to shape MY eyebrows, you're going to do them the way I want them.I haven't been back since, and I will not go back.
1	This place sucks. Or at least the woman I got. I just moved here and was looking for a place to get my eyebrows threaded. I like mine thick and just asked for them to be cleaned up. I literally have eyebrows the size of tiny worms. I'm so pissed. Just got them done today and when I looked in the mirror they looked small, but I was in such disbelief that I left quietly, even leaving her a tip.  BIg mistake because as soon as I got to my car I realized how small they were. Thanks so much for ruining the next two months of my life. Guess I'm going to have to grow them out Groucho Marx style. Eff this place. DO NOT GO HERE. They have a specific ideal as to what eyebrows look like and they do not listen to you. Wish I could give this place absolutely no stars.
5	I absolutely love this place. I think it is much better than waxing and looks a lot better. Been coming here for months and will continue to do so.
2	I usually go somewhere else for my eyebrows but it was closed at the time so I went here to Diva Beauty with my sister and got the yelp deal for $2 off. We walked in and were kind of greeted by the  receptionist. She seemed a little bored and wasn't smiling or being very welcoming, which was kind of sad. The lady that threaded my brows was nice but the threading was painful. I've gotten my eyebrows threaded dozens and dozens of times and this was the most painful it's been for me. In the end, my eyebrows ended up looking nice so I guess the pain was worth it. When we went to pay with our yelp deal, the girl at the counter kind of gave a little bit of attitude, but whatever. I'm probably only come back here when my other eyebrows place is closed for the day again.
4	I have been going to this threading boutique for about a year now, and I am consistently satisfied with my eyebrows each visit.  Each time I go, I get my eyebrows threaded by the same lady- Shaista is absolutely amazing!  She does a super wonderful job threading, shaping, and trimming my eyebrows!Always happy and satisfied with my services here! Leave happy every time!
5	I have never had a bad experience here! I usually go to Meena, but everyone is great. There are usually a few other people here, but the wait is never that bad and the price is great!
5	Can't nobody shape your eyebrows like Rupa can. She can literally isolate a single hair with the thread I just don't get it. Anyways this salon is always CLEAN as can be and they are always so nice. They have this loyalty thing now where you get every 5th one free I think, nice perk since I'd be going back anyway.Only thing that sucks is the shopping center it's in and it's parking lot.
5	I moved to Vegas in Feb 2014 and I've been hitting up different spots before I fell in love with Shaista. My brows have never been so arched! Shaista is off Tuesdays & Wednesday. The shop has happy hour Mon-Thurs.
2	Did eyebrows with Meena. She was nice, but went way to thin.
5	I've been here a couple of times and each time I had Meena do my eyebrows. She takes her time and is really good at shaping.
5	My first visit to Diva was a really nice experience, Rupa did an excellent job on my brows, love it! The place is clean & modern. Price is on point and I would definitely come back.
