5	In Vegas you have so many options on where to eat. Even if you just want a steak, you're hit with a myriad of choice.  But my suggestion to you is to get off the Strip!I went to Austin's on a recommendation of a friend, and was just very skeptical. It was all the way up in the boonies in North Las Vegas and in this old hokey Texas Station casino. But don't let that fool you!This place was a classy place and they made my friend where a shirt with sleeves (he was wearing sleeveless), but that is a whole other story...Two words: RIB EYEI am a rib eye man anyhow, so it was no big deal, I love the fat and the flavor, and I usually have it medium-rare. But even my other friends who are usually filet mignon and New York strip guys loved my rib eye, it is their best cut. The filet mignon, if you insist on ordering it, i suggest to just get it rare, TRUST ME. It was not bad either, but again, I am a rib eye man. The sides we ordered were standard but excellent (creamed spinach, baked potato, asparagus, etc) and the bacon-wrapped shrimp and raw oyster sampler were also excellent. Service was excellent. Decor was clean and elegant. What a surprise in this hokey casino all the way up in the middle of nowhere! The price was not the cheapest, but with everything plus wine and tip, we spent about $100 each. I've lived in LA, San Francisco, and NYC, and this was the best rib eye I've had. Another friend grew up in the midwest and he said this was the best rib eye he's had. Only one guy I know who had a steak somewhere in Omaha at a random truck stop said that Austin's rib eye was not the best. I was with some picky eaters that night, and they all loved it. A friend who is a Vegas local also highly recommends. Great meal.
2	Based on extensive pre trip research, we shared Austin's chopped salad, a rib-eye and baked potato.  Excluding service and the bread basket, this meal was a disappointment all around.  I just don't get this chopped salad thing - is it for people without than own choppers?  This salad had very little taste and was visually unappealing.  The rib-eye was cooked medium rare as requested but was tough.  Last and by all means not least in my wife's opinion, the huge Idaho potato was undercooked.  We did learn, belatedly, the head chef takes seafood seriously and only serves fish that is environmentally friendly and renewable so should we return it will not be for the beef.
5	One of the best steakhouses in Vegas is tucked away within this small local's casino (Texas Station).  I have tried many Vegas steakhouses and this is one of my favorites.  Austin's had been recommended to me by a number of reputable foodies in the Vegas area and my wife and I gave it a try last time we were in Vegas.  We got the mushrooms stuffed with filet mignon for an appetizer and it was excellent.  For the main course we went with the pan seared ribeye and it was out of this world.  So tender and flavorful.    The meat is cooked in a delicious sauce that really made the dish.  It was a big cut of beef and normally we wouldn't be able to finish portions that large in one sitting, but the meat was so good we ate until it was gone.  For a side dish, we got the spinach and mushrooms and it too was excellent.  The staff were very nice, helpful and knowledgeable.  Some of the best service and food I have encountered.
2	Austin's is tucked away inside of the Texas Station hotel. I had high hopes for the place based on their menu. The decor is cute, but when we arrived the restaurant was practically empty. We were there for two hours and only two other tables were occupied while we dined. When the food started arriving I understood why.The service was great, but as I said we were one of three tables occupied. Our waiters were very attentive and I was encouraged to sample several different wines before I decided on one for dinner. It was a tough choice because the wine list is not impressive. I decided on a Cab that I could have purchased in Trader Joe's for about $6.99, but probably wouldn't.Now for the food:Here is what we ate:Mushrooms stuffed with filet mignon-these were really ordinary and the filet used was over cooked and not of the best quality...also really underseasoned.Sliced beefsteak tomato with buffalo mozzarella-nice presentation but completely underseasoned and they used a poor quality balsamic and an even poorer quality cheese.New York steak-while it was perfectly cooked, it too was underseasoned. The quality of the meat was questionable and judging by the texture, it had been frozen. Really disappointing. It was a sizzler quality steak at $35...ridiculous.Asparagus with balsamic-ordinary and underseasoned.We ordered mashed potatoes, but thankfully they never arrived...I suspect they would have been ordinary and underseasoned.Creme brulee-amazingly ordinary and I think I may have seen one tiny speck from a vanilla bean, but I can't be sure.Coffee-brown water...the worst coffee I have ever had! I kicked it back and got a latte...that tasted like warm milk.Basically everything we ordered was underseasoned. It was sort of like hospital food. Maybe they get alot of customers on low sodium, bland food diets. I am not a salt freak, but come on give me some flavor...any flavor. The coffee reminded me of Sanka...brown tasteless water. I know that I wasn't in Starbucks, but seriously it didn't even taste like coffee had ever been in contact with that hot water.This is an overpriced Sizzler in the low rent district...Go to Craftsteak!!! The prices are about the same and the food is amazing. Even the $6.99 steak dinner at Ellis Island is worlds better than the meal I had at Austin's.
5	Hands down my favorite steakhouse in Vegas. The customer service here is outstanding. The staff here is very friendly and will never steer you wrong when you have trouble selecting a good wine to go with your steak. I have been here several times and everything on the menu is good. My favorite is the filet au poivre. The lobster here is the best I've had as well. Bottom line...excellent service and amazing food at a very respectable price for what you are getting.
5	First of all Can I say WOW!?!?! This is most definitely one the best steakhouses in Las Vegas.  We took a 25 minute limo ride just for one of these juicy steaks! Their Rib eye and fillet Mignon is to die for so flavorful and juicey!  I came here with my sister's pool team to celebrate the trip.  The service was expedite and the drinks were killer.  The decor was classy however it was in a casino so anything goes.  This place is  must try if in Vegas.  The food was well worth their cost!MUST TRY!
5	Wow...what can I say about Austin's?  It's to die for...the best steak that I've EVER  had.  I don't know about the filets but I'm a ribeye fan and it is by far the BEST ribeye I've ever had.  Better than Morton's, Ruth's Chris, Houston's, Lawry's and all those other fancy steakhouses in all the fancy hotels in Vegas.At first, you don't think much of the place because it's in Texas Station Hotel which isn't the nicest looking hotel.  After you enter the restaurant, it's like you're in a different place.  It has a dark cozy feel.  The service is very prompt and attentive. Now about the food....My boyfriend and I always split the pan seared ribeye because it's huge and the flavor is so good.  No steak sauce needed.  It comes in a delicious brown sauce and it just melts in your mouth.  By far, the BEST flavor.  We always get lobster tails which are always cooked to perfection and are large.  Some places overcook their lobster tails and they're kinda like rubbery or mushy if it's not fresh.  Not at Austin's...the tails are perfectly seasoned and taste fresh.  For sides, we usually get the garlic mashed potatoes which are good and the green beans almandine which is EXCELLENT.  Desserts are also good as well.  Creme brulee is extra creamy and the mango sorbet is very refreshing. Variety of wines. Everything is excellent there but the PAN SEARED RIBEYE is what stands out the most.  If you're a ribeye fan or not....you definitely need to try it.   We ALWAYS make a trip to Austin's when we go to Vegas because I still haven't found ANY place in So Cal that makes their steaks like this.
5	Austin's consistently delivers great food and service.A nice place to go for a relaxing meal.
4	I came here just before Christmas with my family. We were all craving red meat. Hidden in the Texas Station Hotel and Casino is Austin's Steakhouse, what was a pleasant surprise. It's is one of the best, if not the best, steakhouses in the city. I had the Rib-eye. It was cooked to perfection. It was huge. We fed of that for two days after. We ordered some side dishes. The macaroni and cheese with truffles was delicious. My niece had the chopped salad, which she enjoyed immensely. We all loved are meals.
4	The idea is simple: serve USDA prime, and choice steaks with a signature marinade, cooked over mesquite charcoal. Austins Steakhouse, located at Texas Station in North Las Vegas, really knows how to make meat taste good.Having a vague idea of just how much food they serve around these here parts, we inquired about the special of the evening: a pepper encrusted roast beef. The waiter informed us that the cut was about 2 pounds worth of meat. TWO POUNDS. That's a lotta cow. Not ones to shirk our duties as true meatotarians, we ordered the roast, along with a side of the Austin's potatoes and the spinach and mushrooms.The roast beef, was in a word, DELICIOUS. The meat was amazingly juicy and tender, flavorful from the crushed pepper rub, and in such vast quantities that the three of us could only finish 3/4 of the plate. It also went quite well with the pile of twice-cooked (fried) potatoes and the surprisingly good combo of sauteed spinach and fresh shitake mushrooms. Additionally we had the deliciously crisp Caesar salad, which came with a classical dressing and parmesan tuile. The quality of the salad was a cut above anything I have ever had in Boston. Sad, but true. For dessert we went for the molten chocolate cake - something I can easily make myself, but still couldn't turn down.My advice: skip the starch and go for the steak and vegetable options. They may fly the produce in from California, but it arrives on your plate, crisp, flavorful and perfectly cooked.In addition to some fabulous steaks, Austin's also serves a fine selection of sustainable seafood. Maybe next time...
4	Okay we went here with my husbands family and that makes I think it was 16 of us and the service was INCREDIBLE!!!!! Not one person had to ask for a refill. They were completely attentive and as there were 4 children among us they were very happy to accommodate dishes for them as well. If you eat another Rib eye steak please let it be at Austin Steakhouse!!!!! OMG this was the most wonderfully DELICIOUS steak EVER!!!! The Lobster Bisque was smooth and creamy with several nice size chunks of lobster unlike many places where you may get two or three slivers. As I could barely eat the entire steak I could just barely manage tastes of a couple sides. I sampled the Sauteed Spinach with Shitake Mushrooms and the White Cheddar Mac & Cheese which were both extremely tasty!!! A definite return is in order....... and Fathers Day is coming up!
5	Superb food at low cost.  An unexpected surprise.  Go and enjoy.
3	Returned to Austin's after more than a year away.  Austin's was our 5 star Las Vegas Steakhouse for many years until a disappointing New Years Eve experience last year.We have been disappointed by the poor service and so-so food in the past.  On this recent trip, the food regained some leverage with us but the service was still sub par.Food (4 stars) - Wife had the Ribeye [rare] which is what won us over years ago.  Sad to say that although it was a great cut and was super juicy, it just lacked the off the chart flavor we remember.  It's almost like they are not dry aging it as long as they've done in the past or have cut back on the "fat" when pan searing it.I had the NY Strip [med rare] and was very pleased with the flavor, nice cut of meat and the seasoning was right on; nicely charred with the unique smokey flavor only possible with wood fired grilling.Service (3 stars) - poor showing by the wait staff, albeit we were there on a Monday night but I would still be expected not to be sit down without a menu or any interaction for 5 minutes.  Especially on a slow night.  Waiter was obviously a newbie, didn't know anything about the food, didn't sell anything, and for the love of pete if you have a terrible menu there is no shame in writing down your orders, it's a lot less annoying than coming back to clarify the order.3 stars means we'll be back as the steak is still very good and the biggest draw for the place.
5	Went for my boyfriends birthday in December on a Saturday. Came in when they opened for the in-laws to partake. APPSTheir bread basket had this nice pretzel bread in it. Boyfriend and I split a tuna tartar with seaweed and crisps. Nice, not too overseasoned.MAINOrdered the pan seared ribeye. Firstly was surprised that they wet then dry age their meat and for $32 and the large portion (somewhere between 16-20 oz I think) it's quite the steal compared to the strip for some aged meat. It was big enough that we split ours. Medium rare and was cooked nicely,  juicy and the flavor was great on its own without sauce but we tried some of the sauces out of curiosity. The sauce that the steak comes with- cilantro butter sauce was the winner and I wont bother with the rest of the sauces next time except maybe some horseradish (tried blue cheese, peppercorn, bearnaise).SIDESOrdered mac and cheese, garlic mash potatoes, creamed spinach, baked potato. Didnt try the baked, but imagine its all the same....very huge potato, good for two. Mash and creamed spinach- solid, standard stand bys.Mac and cheese- I am not a mac and cheese kid but this was yummy. I was pleasantly surprised at the flavors and I went back for a second scoop.DESSERTSince it was his b-day they gave him a creme brulee. Pretty good and done right, but would've loved slightly more vanilla flavor.SERVICEWe came early so the service was attentive. Filled our drinks, came to check on us a few times during the main. Long wait for steak but it's a very fair time considering how they cook ribeye steak (pan seared to oven then few minutes resting for a thick steak- takes about 30 minutes when we do this at home).  wait is worth it so don't be impatient if there is a gap as this process takes a little while.Definitely will come back again.
4	While looking on the internet for a good steakhouse in Vegas, I came across Austin's. What a find! Don't let the less than desirable locale stop you from giving this place a try. Not only is the food delicious, it's very reasonably priced. What we had -To start, they bring you a basket of different types of bread. All very good but the pretzel bread was the best!Salad - while there were several to choose from, my husband and I split the wedge salad. It was fantastic! it was covered in crumbled bacon, chopped tomatoes and onions, blue cheese dressing and crumbles. Main Course - The reviews I read said to order the rib-eye so my brother and I split it (22 ounces!)  It was tender and really flavorful and worth the $36 price tag. My husband and sister in law each ordered the petite filet at $27. My sister in law said it was "like buttah". Side Dishes - they are ALL $6 each which, if you go to any high end steakhouse on the Strip, run anywhere from $12 to $15 each. We had the creamed corn which had bits of jalapeno peppers in it, french fries, and gorgonzola mashed potatoes. All quite tasty and plenty to split between the 4 of us. Dessert - we were there to celebrate my brother and sister in law's birthdays so they received complimentary creme brulee's, but our waiter, Shawn, mentioned that he loved the apple crisp so I ordered that and was very happy I did. It was in phyllo dough and the apples were perfectly cooked and the topping was fabulous. Probably one of the best apple crisps I've ever had ( and I've had a lot of apple crisps!) Shawn also mentioned that if you go on restaurant.com, there are deals to be had for our next visit which is something I'll check out the next time I'm headed to Vegas (FYI, Restaurant.com is on Ebates.com which gives you rebates when you purchase through them so check that out!)After all was said and done, it was less than $50 per person for an exceptional steak dinnerl! Now THAT'S a deal!
5	This place is awesome! Now I would have never guessed there would be such a beautiful and delish steak house inside this Station Casino, but I was wrong! Went here for my birthday after hearing that it was good. That is an understatement. We were greeted by the hostess and sat right away with no reservation (it was a week night though). The waiter was great and on top of his game. Drinks and the bread basket came quickly. They have an awesome pretzel bread in there so don't pass it up. My boyfriend and I both ordered 7oz steaks and the Austin Salad and garlic mashed potatoes to split. Food is so tasty and filling. The rest of the people in the restaurant were dressed from super casual to dressy and it was nice just to relax and enjoy ourselves without being all dressed up. For dessert we had the cook's choice gelato and sorbet. It was mango and pistachio. I Died! Soo good you can't understand it from just words alone. I only have two things to point out to future diners: Don't get the ice tea it's from a soda dispenser and is all kinds of gross. And the dessert we got has this confusing wording, which may cause more confusion due to my review, sorry. It reads: "Chef's choice gelato and sorbet". It says AND which in my book means both. Well for the $6 you got to pick one or the other. I said screw it and had to try both flavors. If you are going to make a girl choose please use the words OR.
5	Came again with the family. Consistent- just as good as the first time.Steak was perfect and still I feel such a deal for a quality, prime aged 22oz ribeye.  Again, the mac n cheese was surprising. I am not a mac person and thought last time was a fluke of liking it- nope, still really enjoyed it. The cheese sauce is robust  and generous so its ooey gooey sauce dripping off al dente spirals. Garlic mash and cream of spinach was good. Grandma got baked potato- but a potato is a potato when it comes to baked style and comes with the usual sour cream,butter, chives and bacon bits on the side. Also got Austins salad- which is finely chopped romaine, tomatoes, avocados, bacon, blue cheese, creamy house dressing. Pretty good- got blue cheese on the side and leftovers went on my mac n cheese. A bit of salad is just something good to fill in the gap for waiting on a steak. It's not ridiculously long, but a proper steak takes time. Thick steaks from pan sear to oven takes about 20 minutes to get to a medium rare and any rightful cook lets the meat rest 5 minutes or so before serving as too hot makes the juices run out. I cook steaks in the same fashion at home and it is something to not be hurried. Service was okay this time around. Fine during dinner- our drinks were all accounted for but then after table was cleared we waited quite a bit for our check. I'm fine with waiting for food, you will wait a while to get a proper steak , but when I'm done with food I want to get on with my day. I think he got slammed...I notice a busser was trying to track our server down. He took off our drinks though since we waited. Also, we got a $25 giftcard in the mail as well so we got a significant discount on the meal.Defintely for the price and quality- this is the favorite spot for steak. All my other favorite spots are about double in price and really, just as satisfying. I'm still impressed and will be coming back. I've been looking for a reasonable steakhouse for a long time...I can only justify going to spots like Cut on a blue moon.  Legit steakhouse without the high end prices- WIN!
5	I ate here with my wife for our anniversary.  My wife had the petite filet and I had their signature dish 22 oz bone-in rib eye.  The filet was awesome, very lean and made the way my wife wanted it.  The rib eye was outstanding, I ate the whole thing.  The armospher is relaxing and the service was second to none.  If you got the dime to spend, this is the place.  Man! I can't beleive I ate the whole steak.  It was that good!!!!
2	After all the hype I had been hearing from my co-workers about this place I decided to give it a chance. It was such a blah experience that I still don't know how I feel about it. I think what bugged me the most about dining here was that things keep disappearing from our table, and not just dishes that we were done with.      When we got there our hostess seated us and was kind enough to put our napkins in our laps. She took the cool napkin rings with her so I didn't get a chance to check them out. The table had awesome charger plates, but I didn't even notice when they were swiped. I can understand taking the wine glasses but I was super peeved when the bus person took my fork I was using to pluck the lemons from my iced tea. (Because of course he kept bringing my tea with them in there.) He also grabbed my knife, I just hope they didn't go back into the clean dish pile because they were dirty.      I learned my lesson from the previous steak house I visited to order my meat a little more cooked than I want in order to get it the way I want it. So I asked for medium well and filleted but it was still pink, blah. Hubby got the New York medium well and it looked rare inside but burnt on the outside. For appetizers we had the sliders and the hubby ate a whole plate full of bacon wrapped shrimp. Had we known that the apps were so giant we probably would have just stuck with them and skipped the steaks all together.  I could not tell if the fries that came with the sliders were over cooked or just meant to be crispy but they were so good it was really tough to let them get snatched up by the over eager busser.     The atmoshpere was nice, the decor well appointed and the place was fairly closed off from the noise of the casino.  The booths are very intimate because while the tables are large the round part of the bench is not and you are forced to sit close to your honey.  Over all it's fairly priced with other steak joints I've visited (which honestly are not many)  however, I won't be coming back here.
5	My boys took me here for dinner during my bachelor party.  Ordered filet mignon rare and it tasted like heaven.  Reminds me of when i eat good maguro sushi, melts in your mouth.  Creamy spinach was the best side.  Apart from this meal, I don't remember anything else that happened that weekend.
5	The best steakhouse in vegas bar none. The best secret in vegas for us locals as well. You would never know it, food this good in a station casino??? what??? Yep. The ribeye is insane, I normally am a filet guy but the ribeye here surpasses ANY piece of beef I have ever had anywhere. I can't really say much else...
4	Went to Austin's with a group of buddies for my bachlor party, and the management treated us great.  They sent a shuttle to our hotel, had a private room ready for us and had great staff to serve us once we arrived.  The food was very good and for the price was excellent.  The sides too were very good, we had most, adn the steak tartar and oysters stood out above most.  They offered us a great deal on bottles of wine, and made the entire occation one to remember.  Thanks.  I would highlky recommend them and would definately go back with the wife.  WWhile it may not be the best steakhouse in Vegas (perhaps 1 notch below the superstar steakhouses you know from the strip at 1/2 the price), but for the money, it was clearly the best deal and the food was very good as well.  They treat you really well, they appreciate you making your way to their restaurant, and you feel it when you dine.PS , don't forget the Restaurant.com vouchers, they will possibly let you use more then 1 with larger groups, they did for us!!!
3	Good food great  price the only problem is the sound of the casino in the background
4	My mom moved to Vegas a few years back, so I have had about 8 dinners at Austin's.  Being that she's a local and does not really go to the Strip unless she's taking visitors around, she has found many good restaurants in the local neighborhoods.Now, this restaurant may not be Ruth Chris or Delmonico's, but it's really damn good.  I can't give it four and a half stars but I wish I could.  My brother, who is the pickiest, snobbiest critic when it comes to steak, was impressed with his dinner.  Frommer's has given this restaurant a great review as well.I despise the sound of a casino (ding ding ding), and never once has it bothered me once you are seated in the restaurant.  It has NEVER once been smoky-EVER.  Primm Valley Casino IS smoky.  You don't have to be super dressed up, I have seen folks in tshirts and jeans with plastic grocery bags eating dinner at Austin's but its very off putting in the dining environment, PLEASE wear something a little dressy.  Ambience and decor, muted, classy, warm, elegant.They bring out a very nice bread basket with a selection of unusual breads and butters.  The wine list is fairly decent, the beer list is limited.  After ordering, the food takes a little while to get to you, but after its ready, the waiters rush you a little more than I think they should. The three of us usually get the petite filet (7 oz), and my husband usually gets the 11 oz filet.  The beef melts in your mouth, and is always cooked to the correct temperature requested.  The Austin's House Salad is one of the things we so look forward to, it's a chopped salad with a buttermilk based dressing, with cucumbers, tomatoes, avocado, bacon, blue cheese---so so so tasty!  The sides we usually like are the mashed potatoes with gorgonzola or garlic and the green beans amandine, the mac and cheese (with truffles).  The broccoli with hollandaise is really just steamed broccoli with sauce on the side, it's just so so.There is no kids menu, but there are choices for children who are decent eaters:  a small filet, pork chop, the filet sliders on the appetizer menu,  fried or roasted chicken, and there are fries and mashed potatoes.  One year the staff realized my son was not interested in their menu, and ordered him a pizza from inside the casino,and had it delivered to our table.  That's service!We have always been so full from dinner that we have never had a dessert, so I cannot comment.  We have always left full and satisfied, and have enjoyed every bite.Highly recommended.  Reservations recommended.
3	Found Way North of the Strip, in The Texas Station Casino. A buddy of mine, did some research and found that this place had an extensive and interesting history. Something about the original recipes and cooking methods of the steaks were passed from generations. It started from a shack and high demand eventually brought it to where it is today.. Well, whatever lets have some Steak!Austins Chopped Salad: This thing is Jaw Dropping! Comes in a mound of lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers, avocado, bacon and the dressing is creamy buttermilky/bleucheesy.. Just the right amount of everything!Rib Eye Steak: Pretty Good but I have tried plenty Better. Not a bad steak but comparing to other steak housesI've encountered, its not that memorable in my opinion. Sides: Baked Potato, Spud Potatoes with Garlic, Steamed Asparagus and Sauteed Button Musrooms - Names speak for themselves, nothing special but all accompany the steak well.An A-Okay Steak House, I guess if your in the neighborhood and your feeling steak or want an Incredible Salad then its worth a visit.
3	Left the strip looking for a better price on a good steak.  Location is 15-25 mins from the strip (depending on traffic) and is located inside of a rather old casino.  Decor was nice and table/chairs were comfortable.  Menu was small.  14oz strip was $32 and sides were $ 7 a piece (but enough for two people).  So, not inexpensive, but food quality was very high.  Strip steak was cooked perfectly and had a full flavor and good texture.  All in all, a good steak, though not easily gotten to and somewhat overpriced.
4	We've been seeing this prime rib special for $14.99 on the billboards and thought to check it out. The mom and grandma in law wanted to go the Sam's Town buffet for family dinner primarily because they like the prime rib, but the other offerings are rather sad. For the same price- we opted to bring them to a sit down instead. The special is served daily and comes with a 12oz prime rib, mashed potatoes, and green beans (sides are not negotiable, but you can order a la carte sides if you want something else). The prime that was first put in front of me was told to be medium rare, and that was definitely on the medium scale (which both in laws requested). The busser told me, no it's the sauce on top making it brown and it's medium rare. Whatever, I know my meats and I swiped out my GIL's since hers was definitely more red than mine. Saw her eating hers and yep, not as red as the one I swiped, bit more brown...on the more done of the medium spectrum. The one I took from her was  pink medium, not medium rare so not quite what I requested. It was good with flavorful sauce (not quite a gravy, but heavy to be au jus), but medium rare is kinda a big deal to me to have.  I can't really give them 5 this time since I am kinda a medium rare "purist" who scoffs at well cooked steaks and it was not close enough to what I wanted. Sorry, but I just don't accept medium as a "correct" way to serve meat and with the attitude telling me that my original piece was medium rare when it was medium done...it wasn't cool. We also got some creamed spinach (sides are $7) and the house chop salad (also $7) to accompany the plate which were both lovely. Service was decent. Haven't really had bad service here before, but the busser shouldn't tell me what I can see. Sadly, this definitely confirmed my suspicions I shouldn't eat red meat, specially commercially raised. I had major "itis" and felt kinda bad....at least I had a last hurrah before I say bye to the mooo. Overall, I think this beats going to a cheap buffet for prime rib night.It's on the same price range as The Prime Rib Loft and this was definitely better tasting. Is it better than a Lawry's cut? No, but it is good meat for your buck.  I say if you want a good value priced prime rib this one is a solid choice.
3	I recently dined at Austin's Steakhouse for a special occasion. The food was good but not outstanding. Our waiter had the personality of a rock; he didn't crack a smile even once during our dining experience, and actually made it somewhat unpleasant. I had the petite filet mignon and was unimpressed. It was a little bit on the dry side. The meal was expensive and I felt it wasn't worth it. I won't go back.
4	have to book a seat. this place is fill with folks and that let me and also you know that the steaks are not just laying around. Buzzzzzzzzzz place great service. Have to try it all.
2	The food here is outstanding, for the most part.  The oysters?  I ordered a dozen oysters that were allegedly from Washington State and "excellent."  What I got was crappy gulf oysters, which I wouldn't feed to a goldfish.  After that, I didn't expect much.  However, when the Ribeye came, I was stunned with how good it was.  The Ribeye was a beautiful cut.  Cooked to perfection.  Delicious.  I would give it 4 stars, even with the shitty oysters, except it should lose a lot of points for being in Texas Station.  Texas Station is a trash hellhole of a dump.  As delicious as the steak was, and even though they don't allow smoking in the restaurant, so much cigarette smoke wafts in from the casino floor, that you may as well be eating your steak in a coal mine.  So, if they move out of this dump of a casino, you should consider this to be a 4 star review.  But, I would never, ever, actually go to this place, as wonderful as it is, since you've got to travel through a trailer-park-dweller casino to get there, and you've got to breathe toxic crap air while you eat it.
5	Best bone in rib eye, red wine, delicious sides, all for under 50 bucks? this place is so worth the turn around trip to Vegas. Rib eye always cooked juicy and bloody, my favorite and so much flavor. Make sure to ask for all the different sauces cuz those are yummy too. I've been here a couple of times, and each time was so satisfying and we always got good news here, friend is pregnant, someones engaged, etc. I love austins and this is my numero uno steakhouse, all flavor, no BS!
4	Okay I am going to start out with the steak was really good. However they lost a star because the service could have been better. For a Monday night it took them over an hour to get our order. Our main server totally ignored us most of the night. I guess to make up for that, his serving assistant was very attentive. Well at least most of the food made up for the poor service.I'd have to say my petite filet was cooked perfectly medium rare. The mac and cheese is really good but somewhat rich and I'd recommend sharing it. In fact, since they are a la carte, most of the side dishes are easily shared between two people. The grilled asparagus with balsamic glaze could have been a bit better. The giant spears they used were tough and woody. My boyfriend ordered the Potatoes Austin. They were sort of like Lyonnaise Potatoes, "but without the bacon" as I was corrected by the server. The last time I looked I had never made it with bacon. Anyway, everyone else at the table got the Porterhouse. My mom said it was terrific, as were the sauteed mushrooms she had as a side dish. Not so good were my uncle's french fries, but I attribute that to him getting french fries at a steak joint. If it had said "steak frites" I would have had a higher standard for them.I think the entire dining experience was about three hours. The food was good but the service was lacking. I'll say that for being a casino restaurant it was above average. Surprisingly enough the noise from the casino was mostly indiscernible.
4	Ended my trip in Vegas with a dinner here. Had a groupon which made it even more amazing.  The service was great, as expected in such an establishment.  It's just sad to go there, and it seems slow.  I  mean the Casino is so far from anything - well, for a tourist that is.  I had the rib eye, and it was an excellent cut of meat. I ordered some other things, they not really worth mentioning.  But my steak, was perfect!
4	Can't beat the daily special. Large piece of prime rim cooked to perfection, side of garlic mash potatoes and green beans for $14.99.
5	I'd like to review the bar portion (A Bar) of this restaurant at this time, and I'll come back to the restaurant part at a later date. First of all, the bar here is pretty nice. I like the feel of the place, and it has more of a lounge feel than a bar feel. I don't know if that makes sense, but what I mean to say is that the chairs are more comfortable, service comes to you, and it's not a place you pop into for one drink and you're gone in thirty seconds. Secondly, they seem to have a pretty decent bartender there all the time. So while some of the other bars inside the Texas do ok, this place blows them out of the water. Also, they seem to have higher-end alcohol here. Again, it's in sharp contrast to the other bars here. Finally, they have a great selection of food to dish out. Not only do they have sliders and the like, but they can also serve anything from the restaurant if you ask nicely. I love the food at the restaurant here, but I'd much rather eat and drink inside the restaurant than the outside bar potion. All in all, it was great service, though a little pricey. Still, I'll definitely come back.
5	WOW WOW WOW!! I don't know where to begin, this place is the best steakhouse in Vegas bar none!! The pretzel bread they bring you just begins to set the stage ( dip it in the blue cheese sauce that goes on steaks). The ceaser salad is the best I have ever had, yes, I said the best I have ever had! Only to be followed up with the best steak I have ever had, again, the best I have ever had!!!I am not normally a ribeye guy, I prefer filet, however this ribeye is insanity, so incredible! Also the server Shawn is the man to see, great service consistantly always professional! Check it out guys and girls! you won't be disappointed, I promise!!
4	It's yet another steakhouse. Excellent service. Better be when you're paying the price for dead cow that they charge. Ambiance was nice. Dimly lit and quiet unlike some other steak houses I've been to. Made for easier conversation with the parental units who I took to dinner as part of the ritual when someone gets a new job or promotion in our family. Only gripe I had was that my father asked to have an appetizer shrimp order brought out with his meal. The cooks obviously didn't time it right because when the food was served, the shrimp was bordering on being dry, possibly from sitting under heat lamps while the steaks were being cooked. Otherwise, location isn't bad - it's not on the strip so you don't have worry about reservations (at least we didn't) and you don't get the loud and obnoxious diners who want to show off that they either won or have money and are celebrating by eating an expensive steak dinner.
3	I'd give this more stars except for the pompous attitude. Lemme explain, I like ketchup and mustard with my burgers, mayonnaise with my tuna fish so when I ask for A-1 with my steak I don't deserve to get scolded by my waiter. "hey buddy, last time I checked I'm the one paying for this meal an your tip" it's not an offense to the chef or an affront to you, I like what I like so get some A-1 and put it in a fancy holder just lemme enjoy my expensive meal the way I want to... Sheesh
5	Easily my favorite steakhouse in Vegas!!! The rib-eye is phenomenal alone, but add the rib-eye sauce they have and it is slap your momma good!!!
5	I love Austin's so much that I eat there at least once a month. Sure, it's a bit pricey, but for the quality of food you get it is more than worth it. Las Vegas has some of the best "big name" celebrity chef steakhouses (and I've eaten at most of them), but Austin's is the place I keep going back to chow down on crazy delicious meat. Ask any local carnivore what their favorite steakhouse in town is and the answer is always "Austin's." Be prepared to drop $75 - $100 on dinner (without wine) but when you think about it, that's only $30 or so more than we spend when we eat at crappy Outback and I'd much rather have a ginormous ribeye or filet for a little more cash. This place will fill your belly but also impress your date with its cool decor.I have never had an improperly cooked steak here. I usually eat the filet mignon and it's always a great cut of meat and very tender. Austin's grills on over wood so you get a really tasty flavor and beautiful grill marks. The side dishes are good too (I am fond of the grilled asparagus with balsamic vinegar and the creamed spinach). The bread basket is a big weakness of mine; their pretzel bread is so good. Pair that with an Austin's steakhouse chopped salad (bacon, avocado, tomatoes, blue cheese) and it's all good! I would also recommend the crab cocktail appetizer; it's big enough to share. In fact, most of their sides and salads are large enough for 2 to share. The service is always good, friendly and unhurried. I also love that Austin's has two unusual things for a casino restaurant: 1. there is a bathroom right in the restaurant (so you don't have to leave and walk out of the dining room to wash your hands or pee) and 2. they have delicious fresh brewed iced tea (no gross instant tea mix).This place is out in North Las Vegas so it is never busy, so you don't need to make a reservation. And I love that is is super casual. Jeans are fine to wear, although the atmosphere is "cowboy swanky." And be sure to check restaurant.com for a savings certificate before you go; I've never had an issue redeeming them here.
3	My boyfriend and I had gone to Austins a couple times before but not recently. We hit big at the roulette table and figured we were over due for some Austins. After a few probing questions ("what happened to the pork chops?") our waiter admitted there were some changes to Austins. Unfortunately Austins 2.0 isn't as good as before:First; they changed their menu. Sure they dropped their prices (of course that's good!) but they removed a few items. The pork chops there were my boyfriends favorite! Poof. No more. Second; the quality. Since pork chops were out we both opted for the petite filet. Both wanted it medium rare. The steak served to my boyfriend was a perfect MR while mine was well well done (he was a sweetheart and traded with me!). Also, I upgraded to the lobster chowder and while it was good...the taste/texture of the lobster was eh. Lastly; portions. I agree with everyone - the pretzel bread is delish! - but before they use to leave the basket at the table...allowing you to stuff yourself silly before the meal ultimately resulting in leftovers. Now they ask what you want and leave just a teaser. And the veggies that accompanied my steak seem fewer than before. (I could be nit-picking).Now for the positives! The service is excellent and the decor, warm and comfortable. Although one of our steaks was over done the other was pretty tasty and everything came out in a timely manner. Despite my negativity we will most likely eat here again.
5	My husband and I go here often. He is from Texas, and I Nebraska - so we are Steak SNOBS! It blows us away every, single, time! They offer so many sides and desserts it is really hard to choose. TRY THE MAC AND CHEESE. you won't regret it. After visiting nearly every steakhouse in this city... this is still our favorite!
2	Things have changed here.  The menu prices have dropped significantly, bringing in a coupon crowd. Texas Station is an eye sore, but this place has always been a diamond in the rough.  The place is still well kept, but Kristy, the bartender is not a good fit for that atmosphere. She belongs in a biker bar or a Hard Rock Cafe environment, but she is too old.  I heard her complaining about management, while I was having dinner at the bar and it was just inappropriate.  When I showed up to the bar, there were reserved signs littered throughout the entire bar for "her close friends and family".  Again, this is supposed to be somewhat upscale, not a house party.
1	Had a poor dining experience here last night. Although the ambiance was fine (the noise from the casino was indiscernible), poor food quality/prep doomed the meal. My colleague ordered salmon. I ordered the house specialty, bone in-ribeye (which carried a hefty premium). We both eschewed the $24 prix fixe menu, opting instead for the regular dinners which include choice of soup or mixed greens salad and chef's choice vegetable.  After ordering we were served a bread basket which included two small pretzel bread sticks and two mini ciabbata. The pretzel bread was disappointing, doughy and not flavorful. The ciabbata was fine. Salad arrived. Greens consisted of iceberg only, small, with 2 miniature (cherry size) pear tomatoes three slices of cucumber and a couple red onion rings. Although the dressings were ok, iceberg is not acceptable for a house salad unless specified.My main course: I ordered the steak Pittsburgh. It was thick (over an inch) came more medium than blue (probably they cannot keep the grill hot) and was the toughest steak I have ever had from a supposed steakhouse. Tougher even than Outback. Note that Austin's does not advertise aged beef - it clearly wasn't. Had problems cutting it with the steak knife. Moreover, though the seasonings and the sauce were tasty, the beef lacked flavor. I didn't bother to take out the leftovers.My friend's main course: he ordered the grilled salmon. It was overcooked, meaning gray and dry throughout and portions of it had been oversalted.The vegetable served was thin string beans. They too were tough.I also ordered creamed spinach a la carte. This was the best thing we had, but lacked flavor as well (no salt or nutmeg), but, hey it had cream and butter in it, so how bad could it be.This was my first and last visit. I had heard that Austin's was expensive and good. Looks to me like they lowered the prices and the quality of their meats and preparation. Be advised.
3	Have not been back to Austin in years- decide to try it  again. The service was good, the prime rib was delicious. Would not recommend the main entree of  scallops- was horrid.  No seasoning- just put in a dish with way too much clarified butter.  Found  the menu was  limited.
5	From the friendly greeting by the smiling hostess to our departure at meal's end this was a great restaurant dining experience all the way around.  Food, service, ambiance, and value for the money were all superior.Rolls and Pretzel Bread were all very good.  I received more on request--asked for 1, and got 6 salty treats after my party of four polished off the first round.  And, Bacon Wrapped Shrimp was a very nice starter, as well as a half-dozen oysters that were fresh, fragile, quite tasty, and fine.  A simple House Salad with Cherry Tomatoes, White Onion, cucumbers, and a creamy Bleu Cheese Dressing served on a chilled plate was really tasty.  French Onion Soup was very good, with gooey and clumping Gouda Cheese, except a hard crouton did not fully melt away.   Sides were very reasonable in price, and included cheesy Mac and Cheese that was both grated and in liquid form adhering to Elbow Macaroni.  Sauteed Mushrooms were well oiled and very good, as were Asparagus Spears, carrots, and cauliflower; and an 11 oz. Lobster Tail was sweet and well paired with a meticulously prepared 7 oz. Medium Rare Petite Filet Mignon.  Little special touches were also appreciated, like Cinnamon Butter to go with a Jumbo Baked Yam.  Service was exemplary and quite accommodating, and we were not at all rushed.  A fresh round of all drinks was brought to the table without request.Ambiance was classy ranch steakhouse, although casual dress for dining guests was the norm.  There were even cloth towels in the restaurant's interior restrooms!This is a new find that I will definitely revisit.
1	Me and my bf had really high hopes for this restaurant but wow were we disappointed. Where to begin:1) we were told not once but twice to wait 20 minutes before we could get a table even though the place seemed empty2) when we got the table it took our server more than 10 minutes to get us any bread or water3) It LITERALLY took our food more than an hour to get to us and when it did it was cold as if it had been sitting for awhile4) The food was mediocre and for the price we paid, I could have made a steak dinner every night for 3 nights  I don't usually complain but this was just not that great of a meal so I just wont go back there.
5	We went back with another couple to Austins Steakhouse, and this time while enjoying an excellent juicy Bacon-Wrapped Shrimp as an appetizer, the tail bit me--cut my finger!  So, I'll be more careful next time I wield such a crustacean in my hand.  But at least it was tasty!Oysters on the Half Shell were very good, but I had to ask for serving spoons.  Both a bowl of French Onion Soup and a Dinner Salad with Bleu Cheese Dressing and Bleu Cheese Crumbles were excellent.  Seafood Chowder was very handsome looking, with chunks of lobster embedded inside.  My 7 oz. Petite Filet was cooked perfectly medium rare as ordered, accompanied by Broccoli Rabe, carrots, and cauliflower, and a Baked Potato very efficiently dressed by my server with butter, chives, and bacon.  Peppercorn Sauce was appropriately very peppery, and a veritable ton of crab-centered Oscar topping was supplied for the steak.  I finished with a slice of moist Chocolate Cake and Vanilla Ice Cream.Another bull's eye scored by Austins' fine kitchen and dining staff!
5	We ate here OMG! I had a beautifully cooked & very tasty steak, med rare, creamed spinach, loaded baked potato. Amazing food, service & ambience!
3	Lobster chowder had undercooked potatoes, but was quickly replaced with the house soup.  Signature steak was slightly undercooked for Medium, but considering how thick the steak was, it was excellent!  I also had the twice-baked potato which was tasty.  This wasn't my favorite visit to Austin's, but it won't keep me away.
5	I like this place.I love steak and lobster, and these guys always do a great job preparing them.I also love their twice-baked potato (huge and delicious), and there chopped salad is also very good.It's more of a high-end restaurant, so the prices follow in-kind.The service is excellent.I've been there lots of times, so all the servers know my face.The ambiance is dark, but that's the way a high-end steakhouse should be.It's expensive (for me and my wife, it's around $150), but it's worth it (I've been to pricier restaurants which serve much worse quality food).What more can I say...Their tomato and Mozzarella salad (with a balsamic dressing) is great Almost forgot...Their bread basket has a nice assortment of breads (flatbread, raisin-pumpernickel, and baguette).And their apple tart a la mode is scrumptious.I don't remember ever having a bad meal there.
5	Was seated promptly, waiter came quickly. Ordered some wine, very good, And Calamari, which was excellent. Ordered their Rib Steak, outstanding.  the baked potato, and Asparagus was good. Prices very sreasonable for such good food..
5	They have the best ribeye in town (and I've tried a lot of other steakhouses). Sean is an awesome server! We always request to be seated in his section.
4	This was an amazing steakhouse, the food was delicious and fresh! I got the 38 dollar steak and it was worth every cent.. It was amazing, tender and the sauce was to die for. The waiters were all on it, my water was never empty and they were fast bringing out your food! They were also very very nice! I highly recommend this steakhouse if you are craving a big steak! It's fantastic
5	Most amazing restaurant ive ever been too. Its dressy but casual is ok. A little expensive $20+ per meat order but its so worth it. Everything from the amazing servers,  the beautiful atmosphere, good bread, amazing meat and LARGE sides and delicious desserts like cheesecake from NY. I could go on and on. Its so worth it for special occasions. It doesnt go with the hotel because everything else there sucks ( see my review for texas station)  I got the king prime rib and my husband got the porterhouse. No sides come with it but theyre only $5 and its enough for 2-4 people per side. We didnt know how big the sides were and ordered 2 sides. Their homemade sauces are AMAZING! I recommend the butter cilantro garlic one. amazing. I cant rant enough. My husband is a journeyman Butcher we are from California and he was extremely impressed with their meat literally melts in your mouth and comes cooked how you order. (Dont order well done..ever) med well or medium is the best. So impressed I would drag myself all the way over to texas station on my next trip JUST for austins. I cant rave enough. Paul and Sean are amazing. Please stop here if you can youll be so impressed and wont forget the experience. Approx $140+ for 2 people ( drinks, top of the menu orders, sides, and dessert) so worth it though. Better than ANY steakhouse ive EVER been to
1	The service was slow. We ordered at 7:20, we got food at 8:25.  The food was cold, cooked incorrectly, and when it was prepared properly it was not seasoned at all. The cuts of meat we fatty and flavorless. Although some in our party thought the food was acceptable, it was still not worth the money we paid for it. The servers were polite and they did remove the cost of one meal that was especially bad, but it did not make up for the poor quality of food. The wine, coffee, and cocktails were good. Also the pretzels offered at the beginning of he meal were awesome! The atmosphere was nice But as far as the steak... Not worth it.
5	Had thanksgiving dinner here, food was delicious and full of flavor. Everyone was very friendly and the atmosphere was welcoming. The kale salad was new to use and it was delicious, had bacon in it and that made it soooo much better!!! Bit pricey but worth it.
5	I can't begin to say enough about this place! We went out for a dinner date night and sat at the bar while we waited for our table. FYI even with reservations there will be a wait but it is worth it. The bartendar was awesome my girlfriend and I'll thought for a moment that we would eat dinner at the bar but glad we didn't.We were sat at the booth right across from the bar and we received double service all night! The food was incredible I had the ribeye with gorganzola and it was perfection. We didn't get them but their king crab legs are huge! The next day I enjoyed the ribeye and it was just as delicious!I highly recommend this place!
