4	Lots of comfort food at this local favorite.  The food, unfortunately, is not as good as it used to be and they crowd a few too many tables in the dining room.  It's almost a three-star, but since they've taken such good care of me all these years, and the service is good, it's still a winner in my book.  Shakes, burgers, and sandwiches, and a nice little salad bar.  The breakfast, however, is the reason to come.  It used to be the Courier newspaper, so there are historic artifacts from the old days.
5	Other than ZAS this was my favorite place to eat! They have the best food in town! The pesto pizza was amazing and so are the milkshakes. I would agree with Ellen that there is a lot of comfort food here. There is almost always a wait to get in here but it's well worth it. They also have a great salad bar that you can create your own salad and then pay per pound. It's amazing.
4	A star for the delcious salad bar.A star for the shakes and soda fountain.A star for the yummy veg options.and a star for huge delicious burgers.One of my favorite places to eat in CU! (If the service was better - I would've given the place 5 stars)
5	Delicious amazing eclectic food choices. A favorite for me and my boyfriend (and a million other people because the place is always crowded, though there is never a long wait for a table).I wish more people went to this place because I think it really needs to be supported more by university kids.
4	Tourists Treated Same As Home Folks. I used to be home folks, returned as a tourist, and it's true. This was always a place I brought visitors to show off midwestern charm. The food is comforting and good. It's not innovative fusion cuisine, it's darn good burgers and milkshakes in a cozy venue. Plus, old-fashioned soda fountain. Where else can you even get a phosphate anymore? And yes, the salad bar rules. When I lived near downtown Urbana I would sometimes come here for breakfast on a weekday. That was nice. Weekend breakfast is a zoo, WAY crowded, huge lines. There is a reason for that: it's THAT GOOD.
5	One of my absolute favorites in CU, Courier Cafe is the best place to relax and get some delicious American food. Old fashioned soda fountain favorites like phosphates and malt shakes make this place unique, but nearly everything is good. Sandwiches are on fresh bread,  and burgers are thick and hearty. There are a lot of vegetarian options- my favorite is the pesto grilled swiss on sourdough. I also love the ham melt on a fresh croissant. For dessert I recommend sharing a headliner, a monstrously delicious sundae drenched in hot fudge.For the quality of food you get, this place is actually a bargain. I'd prefer it over most of CU's "fine dining" establishments any day. Service can be slightly slow, but overall this is one of my favorite places to enjoy after a difficult test or a arduous paper-writing spree.
5	The food is great. The atmosphere is very comforting. The wait staff is always friendly.Be sure to try the Bennet Burger (it's not on the menu anymore, but they can still make it).
4	I would give this place a 3.5 stars. Their pastrami sandwich was good and the bread was very fresh but price was a little steep compared to their burgers. Their hand-dipped shake was awesome, so much better than Steak & Shake. They even gave us the extras in another cup. Great service too!
3	This place is an old standby, esp. with alums and old-timers.  Once upon a time, say around 20 years ago, there really weren't many places in town to eat that weren't fast food and weren't high end.  Courier bridged this gap, in a nice space.  In the meantime, MANY fine restaurants at all price points of come along, and the Courier has more or less stayed the same.  That is to say, good, but not great food, spotty service sometimes depending on the crowds, and often long waits.
4	Dear Courier Cafe,I know you're a fabulous place -- cozy, sweet, with your antique accents, old-timey cash register and high, wooden booths.  I know you have friendly and skilled servers that have been happily working there for years who ask if you want separate checks before you even order.  I know your food is delicious and eclectic with your amazing, packed salad bar and uniquely named menu items like the Monkey Stuff sandwich with bananas, peanut butter, shredded coconut and honey; or your Rancheros Rarebit, the over-stuffed breakfast burrito doused in red sauce; or even simply, the Paperboy, Courier or Morning Edition breakfasts of eggs, toast, hash browns and choices of meats and fixin's.   You carry baked goods like powdered-sugar-topped brownies, gigantic cookies and breads such as the "Bubby Bun" -- I know this.  I know that you can make me a super sundae loaded with nuts and fruity goodies, or a Green River Phosphate with whipped cream foaming over the side of my frosty mug.  I know that you have a different flavored coffee offered every day of the week in addition to your regular and decaf, and I know that you sell bags of each flavor so that we may enjoy them at home any time we want.I know all of these things....So, why is it that every time I think of you and your wonderful establishment (you won't be leaving us any time soon, I am sure), the one thing that comes to mind again and again......is your hand-dipped, peanut butter shake.  Sometimes I wonder if I should have malt or chocolate added to compliment the peanut butter, but I always go back to just plain peanut butter.  I don't even care if you forget the whipped cream (although, you never do).  Just give me the peanut butter blended smoothly into the vanilla ice cream, in a frosty mug or a foam to-go cup and I am elated.  I will wait and wait how ever long it takes (because I know people line up to partake of your fabulous fare) just to take that first, satisfying sipand slip into a frosty bit of heaven.  And thank you, thank you for always making a little too much so that you have to bring out the metal shaker with the extra shake bits for sharing with my friends.  Because you know it's very difficult to want to share this with anyone.There is one more thing I know.  I will always be back to visit you every time I'm in town.  Because I do.  Thank you, Courier Cafe.Love,Clarissa J.
5	A unique place to eat.  I dig the atmosphere.  Food is always good.  But nothing, and I do mean NOTHING, compares with their shakes.  I miss them now that I've moved away.  There's nothing more to say.  Shakes.  Get one.  Get two.  They are that good.
3	After reading all the reviews on Yelp, I had fairly expectations when I went to Courier Cafe. I went for dinner on a week night, and the place was almost completely empty. The food is American: sandwiches, burgers, soups, salads, and also more serious entrees. I was going to go for the salmon, but my waitress talked me out of it, so I ended up getting the pork chops, which came with soup. The soup was black bean soup: it was actually quite tasty, and the portion was huge (I expected just a small bowl, since it was supposed to be a side). I was almost full after finishing the soup and when the pork chops arrived, and that was a good thing because I was not too impressed by them... grilled pork chops lathered in bbq sauce, really nothing too exceptional, and the little side of salad that came with it didn't even have any dressing. So... the portion were huge, it was pretty cheap (I think I ended up paying under $15 including a soda), but the food did not impress me much. The service however was pretty friendly. I tried going again for brunch on a Sunday morning, but gave up when I saw the line... I guess it gets quite crowded on the weekend, which is generally a good sign, so I'll have to give it another try for brunch.
4	a c-u tradidtion since 1980....housed in the now defunct urbana courier newspaper building, the courier cafe is a unique experience, if you've never been there....quaint brick building with a corner entrance - less than a mile from the U of I in downtown urbana.check out things like their awesome salad bar, green river phosphate (other flavors, too!), char-broiled burgers, or breakfast items like almond french toast. great, thick slices of bacon. good coffee. the dagwood sandwich - or the veggie dagwood if you prefer...for brunch today, i had their basic breakfast plus oj & coffee...and nicked a piece of almond french toast off the plate next to mine...ha-ha! (thanks, jane!)5 of us met there. we all used to work together - 4 RN's & 1 activity therapist. had a blast reminiscing about the old Mercy Hospital where we all worked - now Provena. (progress in motion....???)whatever...the courier rocks!
5	This place is very good.  I like going for breakfast and lunch.  The best thing is their potato skins, which arent all that good for you, but the taste makes up for that really fast.
5	A place of childhood dreams. The bread and potato wedges are very memorable. Go for the peanut butter milkshakes too!
5	Hands down one of my favorite places in CU.  The prices are very fair, the food is good, they offer a nice variety and the atmosphere is fantastic.  The shakes are well worth every last one of the million or so calories they contain.Minus one star because they don't handle carry out very well.  I've never had an order get mixed up when eating in, but there's about a 30% chance of a screw-up when getting carry out.  To the credit of the manager, when I brought this to his attention he was really apologetic, personally verified that my order was correct, and gave me my next meal on the house.  So they get the star back =).
5	Excellent food at lunch, good prices,  quick service, nice atmosphere. I'll be going back often.
1	I would have given Courier Cafe five stars after having had a wonderful lunch last week and having had a delightful milkshake there this evening, if not for a horrifying experience today.I came with three other new history grad students.  And we were delighted, ever so delighted with the milkshakes.  They were creamy and wonderful, and, thinking of how much I enjoyed my lunch (pesto chicken pita) last week, I knew I'd have a great night.  We joked and laughed, and we found ourselves finally feeling at ease in our new Midwestern home.Until the owner/manager, a cranky older man walked up and said, "You need to keep down.  People are complaining about your noise all throughout the restaurant."Um, WTF?  We had laughed loudly, yes, but it was 9pm in a college town.  It wasn't that horrible.  We weren't saying anything inappropriate, and it wasn't overblown.  We were given our checks--basically thrown at us--very quickly, and we were basically 'encouraged' to leave.This ruined our awesome experience.  And it sucked.  And we were made to feel like crap for the last few minutes since we were there.  Then Jerky McAss then glared at us while we paid our bills.Thanks for treating us like crap, jerk.  We really liked this place, but I guess it's not something I'm looking forward to visiting now.
4	Alright, Courier.  We meet again.I've gone a few more times and your staff has upped its game, even the older gentleman in the front is a LOT nicer.  I've come here 2-3 times late on a Saturday night just to read, and they don't give me a hard time and keep the coffee coming.And yes, it is all about those shakes.  No, seriously.  It is.  They're delicious, and you can combine flavors.  Sometimes I leave my house to go for the 20 minute walk for a milkshake.  It brings this boy to the cafe.
4	If Ii were to get one chance at ordering a coffee or a chocolate milkshake, I would order it from Courier Cafe. Even though it's an old fashioned kind of spot; as in, old carpet, old(er) waitresses who may or may not be friendly, and old silverware. But there's nothing like a good old fashioned milkshake that's too think to get through a straw, and comes with the overflow in the metal mixing cup. Even on a cold winter day, I'll make my way over to the Courier Cafe. Any self-respecting milkshake connoisseur might do the same.
4	i've had decidedly mixed experiences at courier.  my first time included being too loud and being rudely, but passive aggressively kicked out.  its a complication situation to get into, but i believe my good friend t.j. explains it all in his first review.  in any case, courier is a good place to go if you want to feel like your in a neighborhood place that is so established that sometimes the service might suck. and sometimes the food might suck. even the coffee might suck.  to couriers credit, when the food and drink doesnt suck its delicious.  but they have KILLER thick lovely milkshakes, and absolutely delicious chorizo topped potato skins always.  everything else is a hit or miss, but doesn't that just make the dining experience so much more fun? ok, i might be stretching it a little but i do love courier because i think at this point, i could not live without a little chocolate malt goodness in my life every once in a while.  what can i say? i'm hooked.
5	When I arrived in "Chambana" (just kidding, that's not a fucking word) my freshman year I was saddened by the lack of Diners, Drive-ins, and/or dives.But - tucked away inconspicuously on a side street of Downtown Urbana is the Courier Cafe, an amazing little place that you'll want to come back to for every meal. The other reviewers have summated the greatness of this place pretty well, so I'll just add in how great the prices are. I had a rib-eye steak sandwich, iced tea, and a mocha milkshake for about $13. I could not eat another bite the rest of that Saturday Night, phenomenal. The ambiance is also great, the building feels very "homey" with all the wood paneling and old-school wallpaper.SO,go, eat, and drink milkshakes: for places such as the Courier are getting harder and harder to find!
5	My god.  I was expecting a good breakfast.  Pretty good, even.  But I am a breakfast aficionado.  Breakfast is something I take very seriously.  And I am not lenient in my judgments of breakfast foods.That said: My god.  And furthermore: Holy bejesus.Their corned beef hash was otherworldly.  It is, without question, the most perfect and wonderful corned beef hash I have ever eaten.  It was bumped beyond that by the addition of sauteed mushrooms.  This was served with eggs (sunny side up--the only kind to eat with hash), rye toast, and hashbrowns.  For $7.25, that is a metric ton of food.  I'm still kind of full, and it's been nearly 8 hours.  My dining companions had french toast and pancakes with meat sides (FYI, a 'full plate' of sausage links amount to two full-sized brats), and they were delicious.  Not as delicious as the corned beef hash, but good, nonetheless.I anxiously await my next visit.
2	Great salad bar and service, but everything else is terrible.  Do not waste your money!!!
2	I'd really been looking forward to going here. I'd passed it several times and was just looking for an occasion. Sunday morning brunch after V-day with the boy seemed like a good option. It was pretty hoppin and the inside was just what I expected it to be: very cute and eclectic, smattered with antiques (but not in the Cracker Barrel way.. in the authentic way), and cozy. Because the menus on the website don't say when breakfast ends and lunch begins, we weren't sure if we would have the option of choosing from either menu. We got there at around 11:35, and the hostess gave us menus with just breakfast. The menus are large, so if you take a while to decide (especially during brunch time...) be careful. Our waitress stopped by once immediately after we were seated to get our drink orders, and once about five minutes later. We told her we needed a few minutes. She came back shortly after and snapped at us, saying that they were only serving breakfast for 5 more minutes so we needed to order then. This was at around 11:45. I understand wanting to expedite things, but if the switch was happening at 11:50 shortly after we arrived, I think we should have been told by the waitress or the hostess that lunch was about to start (after we had been seated I saw people ahead of us getting salads and soups, but no lunch option was given to us). Anyway, he got the breakfast burrito and I got the breakfast sandwich. His was very good and enormous! The salsa verde was perfect.. I didn't even know I liked salsa on eggs. I think I just misordered in my haste. The croissant was not from their bakery.. it had the "I came out of a cellophane wrapped plastic container from Sam's" taste, but it was large.. just not a real croissant. The eggs were another problem: they were a consistent yellow color and had rounded borders. Not real scrambled eggs.. or maybe real but reconstituted. The bacon was tasty, the hashbrowns mushy. Not worth $7. He gave me half of his burrito in exchange for half of mine. I greatly benefited from the unfair trade! I really want to like this place, so I'll try it again in the next few weeks! Hopefully I'll get a smiley waitress. FYI: prices are a little higher than those listed on the online menu (but only about 50-60 cents).
4	Quite good, but somewhat overrated.  Try their sweet potato fries, they're the best.
3	I love this place's decor, sometimes I just go for the atmosphere.  I used to get the burgers here, they're ok, better than any others I can find in Urbana.  I think the star of the show is the milkshakes though.Pretty cheap considering how much better it is than Green St options, so if you have a car I would check it out.
4	Excellent: Milkshakes, reuben, BLT, skinny dippers (OMG the skinny dippers), chicken quesadilla, coffee...Ok all the food is very good. Service is hit-or-miss. It's a small place; you don't want to go as part of a group of more than 6.Did I mention the milkshakes are awesome?
2	We have been coming into the Courier Cafe for years,  and despite the very tasty "home-cooked" feel the meals at Courier Cafe have,  service has steadily deteriorated. It has never been so bad. The only reason why we placed 2 stars is because of the food.-(Money-saving Mystery Butter blend) On numerous occasions when we dined here, we had a very hard time getting an order in. When ordering a plate, the waitress was cold and stern. We asked her to bring plain butter rather than their money-saving "mystery butter blend", and she was making a face and saying "Oh I'm not sure I can do that", despite the fact that they have pure butter at hand. She was selective about who she served and was overall rude.-(Kicking customers out the door) Then Chuck, the manager, and his waitress came up to our table well before closing hour and started moaning about how he is closing soon and was trying to kick us out in advance!-(Ignoring customers) The last time we came here, we sat outside as the waitress Nicole was serving someone else. Although we said "hi", *she blatantly ignored us* and we had to walk into the restaurant and talk to the manager JUST TO PLACE OUR ORDER. It was so bad. We watched the manager baby-sit the waitress as he told her "you have customers waiting for you, Nicole."But she had seen us before and consciously ignored us.A few minutes after we came back out to dine outside, Nicole (the waitress) walked towards us and gave us a very phony smile. -(Insolent manager) On this other occasion, Chuck (The Manager) was chatting with us after dinner and he called my friend a "Liar" simply because he was trying to get him to guess where we were from. He also called us "Disingenuous" for the same reason.-(Summary) Overall, The Courier Cafe has great food, but due to a grumpy and harassing Manager, and rude waitresses who need to be *told* that they have tables waiting for them, we are strongly considering never dining there again.
3	I went here for breakfast, and we got seated for two right away. The waitress was super nice. The food- I have to say was just average. Maybe I had talked it up in my head too much. I had been craving french toast all week, and this Sunday breakfast was supposed to satisfy that craving- and it did not do it. I ordered the almond french toast with cinnamon raisin bread as suggested from our waitress. I had a side of the sweet maple links (eh) and hash browns. And it was just, average. I could have been eating at Denny's or any other diner. The ambiance is TOTALLY cute though. I would definitely be willing to try breakfast here again- maybe the pancakes are better?
4	I've never had anything really unique at the Courier Cafe, but everything I've eaten has been solid, steady, and delicious.  I just love getting off-campus for brunch, and indulging in food that tastes like it was made by someone's grandma.  When I visited campus last weekend, I went back for Sunday morning brunch, and enjoyed the Courier Breakfast - 2 eggs, 4 half-slices of toast, potatoes, and bacon.  Eggs were cooked perfectly, toast was brown and buttery, potatoes were addicting, and bacon was crisp.  Problem with that?  No.  It's nothing immensely creative or surprising, but I got exactly what I wanted and I enjoyed the atmosphere at the same time.  I'd always come back here for brunch.
2	Ok, the food's better than edible.  It's good, mostly.The service, though, has always been indifferent...if not leaning to rude.However, I'll probably go back again when I'm in Urbana and hungry.  But I've lowered my expectations!
5	One of the nice places to eat in Chambana where the prices are reasonable and the food is plain yummy!  Not a franchise - yeaaaahhhhh!  The atmosphere has a lot of character with stained glass and other antiques (some of the stories about the antiques are on the menu - very interesting).My three kids and I all enjoyed our meals.  The hamburgers are excellent as are the shakes. Oh yes, the kids also loved the cookies in the front case were great on-the-road treats!
5	This is the place I take everyone that visits me from out of town. It's delicious for breakfast, lunch, or dinner, and it's cheap, so price is never an issue. The burgers are great, the breakfasts are delicious, but that's not the reason I'm here so often.The real reason is the Chocolate Egg Creams. For those of you that aren't familiar, the chocolate egg cream, originating in New York (as far as I've heard), contains milk (not cream), chocolate syrup, and seltzer. That's right, no egg. The egg creams at Courier are delicious, however, you should all know, they are NOT authentic egg creams as they contain egg whites to help the top foam up. At any rate, very few places these days have egg creams, so it's great that this place still does. (But if nowhere near you has them and you want to try, they're way easy to make. My version: Fill a glass 1/3 with milk, add syrup til liquid height is 1/2 up the class, fill the rest of the way with seltzer, stir, taste, add more syrup if you wish!)
5	YUM, we would trek it off campus to go here, it's the best place off campus for burgers and shakes.  The shakes are huge and they give you the silver cup too so it's like 2 shakes for the price of one!  Service was always really good, un-pretentious atmosphere.
4	This is one of the best hidden gems in Urbana! Located in downtown Urbana, Courier Cafe has an old classical cafe feel and decoration. I don't know to describe to be Old Victorian but it is old school for sure. The seats are all wood, wooden floors, dim lighting, classic wooden benches, and there is even an old school cash register. Definitely a blast in the past to the early 20th century. Very classy and clean place that had a warm, home feeling.The food? What can I say. AMAZING. It is just simple, American, home-cooking! I have had just about everything from the awesome burgers (which come in a ton of different ways), steak sandwich, soups, deep fried shrimp, most of the pies, and the sundaes. Best of all, it's all fairly cheap!The service was also awesome! I went here with a large party of nearly 20 people and I went here with just 3. Both times the service was amazing. There is this elderly guy there with glasses and he is just very nice, funny, and personable to us every time.I have made this a regular place for me to go when I am in the Urbana-Champaign area.
3	I've been here a couple time both times having a burger and a shake. The burgers are your middle of the road standard burger, the meat is not that tasty, Under seasoned and too much bun. It does come with a nice big pickle spear and a moderate amount of fries (for extra). Where Courier Cafe does stand out is in their shakes. They are excellent, I've tasted the Vanilla, Coffee and the banana (Which I highly recommend). The service was pretty good and the atmosphere is pretty neat as long as you get seating in the front room.
4	I've eaten at a lot of great places in my absence, so prepare for a string of gushing reviews.Despite being extremely busy on a home-game day, our group of 4 was able to score outdoor seating pretty much right away.Our waitress was nice, and as attentive as she could be for having to wait on 10 tables at once.  You could tell the cafe was going for more of an old school thing with it's antique register, wooden... everything, menu items, etc.For brunch on such a gorgeous, late summer day, my friends and I knew we HAD to sit outside.  I can definitely see myself coming back to relax with a newspaper/book and a sandwich.  Plus, I hear their milkshakes are pretty good so I guess I'll have to try that out as well!Did I mention their portions here are pretty much huge?  My friend and I split their Dagwood, and Desert Dippers (healthy, right?) and were STUFFED afterwords.  The quality of the food itself wasn't anything special, but it still hits the spot when you haven't had anything to eat all day (like us).I'll be back here for sure.
4	This is such a great place to go when you are sick of all of the places to eat on campus.  I think I loved this place from the moment I walked in and saw that they use the same chairs that my parent's have around their kitchen table.  The atmosphere is very homey.  So the food...  Obviously the shakes are amazing, but so are their sandwiches.  My favorite is the grilled swiss and pesto on sour dough with sweet potato fries.  They also have a big salad bar in the back and you pay for your salad by weight.  They have pretty interesting combinations and the price is just right.
5	It's ALL about the peanut butter and chocolate milkshake.I usually get the reuben sandwich or an omelet, but it's really the milkshake that keeps me coming back.
2	I am continually surprised by the rating style of yelpers who review in Champaign-Urbana.  As I write this I see there is a review by M.H. that complains about personally seeing cockroaches and yet gives this place three stars (Yelp definition: "A-OK".)  We must be in a region of low standards.  What would it take to get two stars in this town?  One star?Well someone has to stand up.  So here is my two-star review.  The courier features tired furnishings and an ambiance that varies greatly as you take steps away from the front door.  Get seating in the back and you'll struggle to enjoy breakfast in a strange, windowless cave.The food is consistently mediocre.  I particularly can't understand why they've chosen the highlights that they brag about.  One is their "special blend" flavored coffee each day.  I foolishly ordered this one.  Undrinkable.  That experience does technically fit the definition of "special," but I think it's not what they were after.I know they're trying for quirky, and succeeding.  The name comes from the space's previous use as a newspaper office.  But what does that have to do with the weird but sort-of-cool airplane fan thing near the front door?  And why is a tortilla and egg dish named "rarebit"?  Do they know what "rarebit" means?  Does it have some meaning I don't know?  I know that I sound like like a poop in the last paragraph but this is the kind of monologue in my head as I sit at the Courier Cafe.  I sit, mystified, and work my way through a plate of undistinguished food.The one ray of light is that for some reason they sell the cut-up edges from pans of brownies in bags by the front register.  They call these "brownie bones."  There are two kinds of people in this world: the person that likes the squishy center part of the brownie and the person that only likes the crunchy edges.  They aren't always available, but if you're the latter, I suggest you do stop the courier to buy a bag of crusts.  Just don't stay for a meal.
3	The food is alright. Everything I've had has been decent, and they have a pretty good variety of sandwiches.What I really don't like, is that after waiting half an hour in the weekend-breakfast-rush, you finally get seated and are and offered two types of coffee: 'regular' coffee so weak and watery that you could reproduce it by pouring hot water into a coffee-stained pitcher, or hazelnut-vanilla-strawberry-mint-kiwi flavored 'coffee'. And they act so genuinely proud of themselves as they offer it to you. Its a marvel of human nature.
4	DO NOT go here if you are looking for some "chrome and glass-ubermodern-quail egg topped with scallion serving-trying too hard to be trendy"cafe. DO go here if you are looking for decent Midwestern breakfast, served in a cozy(albeit kitschy) venue for a decent price. "Woo" for:1) Yummy biscuits that are an option instead of toast2) Tasty-sounding pancake options (including the special that day-- pumpkin)3) A place that I can get an old fashioned chocolate soda(Hellllooooo)"Boo" for:1) A waitress who mistook my coffee order(I got regular instead of the cinnamon almond, which was the special)2) A waitress who slops coffee all over the table when setting down our mugs, and then never cleans it up, but clearly eyeballs the running liquid several times when passing by3) Regular coffee that was so weak it looked like broth when I added a dollop of cream4) Cold hash browns(not that I had room to eat them anyway)I was assured that the service is usually much better--and more friendly. I guess they were caught off guard with the rush of Dad's Weekend? Menu options were enticing, so I'll be back!
2	This place is hit and miss.  I've come here with my husband several times and have had decent food.... and the service is ok. I would recommend breakfast over any other meal..... their burgers are pretty dry and the sandwiches are boring.  But when I come here by myself, the waitresses are pretty rude as well as the hostess.  I came here yesterday, and there were two tables that were full.   The hostess made me wait while she tallied up a stack of paperwork --- didn't seem to bother her that I'm 5 months pregnant and would've been more comfortable seated.  After I was seated, it took the waitress 5 minutes to come over and get my order.  No hellos or how are yous..... just "what do you want?"  By that point, other patrons had come in and she seemed perky and friendly with them.  My food came out fairly fast, but my burger was underseasoned and overcooked.  At that point I just wanted to get out.  So I had to flag my now-chatty waitress who was paying attention to every other table and asked for my check, which she just slammed down on my table.   I didn't even bother leaving a tip nor will I ever return again.
4	I have been here too many times to count. I have never left anything other than happy, though eating pretty good and relatively cheap food tends to do that to me. I was holding off on yelping this place as it has been done to death and I don't have much to say, other than: 1) I suggest you try the phosphates (old fashioned soda pop), 2) they reportedly have good hangover treatment burgers, 3) their salad bar is pretty darn good, 4) you should sit in the front, not the back, and 5) if both price and ambiance is important to you, this is one of the best places to eat in Urbana, especially for breakfast.I guess I did have a lot to say.
4	The other night, my girlfriend and I went out to the Courier Cafe in downtown Urbana. Having been there before, I knew that it was a good place to go for a relatively cheap meal (which is why I capitulated rather quickly). Courier Cafe is one of the older restaurants in downtown Urbana, having been open since 1980. As such, it has outlasted many other downtown Urbana businesses, and enshrined their memory in the names of its burgers.Speaking of burgers, they are the primary reason I go to the Courier Cafe. Burgers are around $5-6, and are 1/3 of a pound. The burgers also tend to be higher quality than the standard pub fare, considering people go there for food, instead of ordering a burger as an afterthought.On this night I opted for the Darcy's burger, which is a burger with mushrooms and bleu cheese. The burger comes on a plate with all of the other assorted toppings, including onions, tomatoes, lettuce, and pickles, off to the side, so you can add them to taste. The burger comes well done unless you specify otherwise. The meat itself is relatively juicy for being a grilled burger, and the bun tastes more like it came from a genuine bakery, instead of a store-brand 8 pack of buns, which often ends up being the case in burger restaurants.Another thing Courier is known for is its old-style sweet drinks, such as its phosphates and New York egg creme drinks. These are sugary soda-type drinks with flavored syrup, with the egg creme being a phosphate with an egg cracked into it and creme added. Courier also has a variety of ice cream desserts.Courier's wine and beer menu is not very extensive, but they have had Rogue Dead Guy on draft for $4 the last few times I have gone, which is cheaper than most bars in the area. In addition, their bottled beers are relatively cheap, and the wine by the glass is inexpensive as well. Though the menu is not extensive, there is a good enough variety to please most individuals.For two people with burgers, drinks, and one order of fries, the total bill ended up being $18.84. This is much lower than one would pay for an equivalent meal anywhere else, even a place like Murphy's (which has a similar food menu, though lower quality food). Courier is a perfect spot for a cheap date, where your date won't know you're being cheap unless you let her see the check.
4	I've been to the Courier frequently and without bias, I can say it is perhaps one of my favorite places to dine in all of Champaign-Urbana. Small, local, with plenty of great options for food. Whether it's the Banker's Burger, a Red Hot News sundae, a green river phosphate, any of their vegetarian dishes, or even just the sweet potato chips, the food is delicious and perfect each time, all for a great low price and friendly service. I've never been ignored and always seem to have a full glass of water without even knowing they swung by.The one thing that keeps Courier from being a super 5-star is if you're seated at anything other than a booth, it seems like you're one inch away from being knocked about by any of the staff or other patrons. Don't come if you have more than four people, it'll be next to impossible to keep you all together. However, I think Courier's still a great cozy place to get your grub on.
5	This is the best place for milkshakes in the area. If you're lucky they will give you your glass plus the extra.If you are getting an appetizer, get the skinny dippers (loaded potatoes).I've tried several sandwiches and wraps and I've always left satisfied.
5	I dragged my asian wife here saying she had to try it, and she said, "Why?  Why?" and when she saw the menu, she was horrified because the food is essentially, country cooking, burgers, sandwiches.  However, it's the healthiest and freshest and best-tasting venue of its type in the history of CU, and they continue the tradition of Bubby & Zadies by offering a salad bar with amazing offerings.  She was amazed and wanted to come back.  Then, I dragged my 81-year old mom to the place, and she was aching and complaining about the steps and getting there, but she left with a HUGE grin on her face and she had a wonderful time!Best shakes in CU, bar none.Best ice cream deserts in CU, bar none.One of the top-3 venues in CU, the old Courier newspaper offices with plaster-decorated ceilings, tallback wooden booths, and a 1910 feel to it.  Very friendly waittresses !!  The only place I can think of that competes with it in terms of a Venue is a cafe near the old train station, but I think that closed 2 decades ago ...This is a popular late-night place to go after Contra Dancing in Crystal Lake Park, or even dancing at the Regent ballroom.  The food is priced very reasonably and this is one of the few places in CU that is a candidate as a great "hangout" ~ a place where you can come all the time, and get to know the staff.DO NOT MISS VISITING THE COURIER CAFE !!!
4	Tuna melt is also very good. I get cravings for their tuna melt.
4	I have to agree that the milkshakes are wonderful. I love a mocha one. The 8 after 8 is a great deal.But....I have been with a group of people and met with an unfriendly reception when we wanted to eat at the Courier. The manager (I assume) acted as though he couldn't care less if he got our business or not. So...we went to a place nearby - and enjoyed ourselves.The wait staff is friendly, however.
3	We went to get lunch here on a Saturday afternoon. Waited for about 15-20 minutes for a table. VERY cramped waiting area. Menu had a lot of options. I went with the "Monkey Stuff" sandwich - this sweet, delectable sandwich of tasty sugary goodness. This sandwich would have been way better had the bread been toasted. By the end I just felt like I was eating a mush of sugar. To counteract this sugar, I also ordered from the salad bar. I liked the layout of the Salad Bar - you pay $0.38 per oz of salad you get, so I had a filling salad to go with my sweet sandwich for only $2.50! Not a very diverse salad bar, but I was fairly pleased.The other members of my party enjoyed their meal just fine, but we didn't feel this was anything special. The decor of the restaurant is very vintage, so it ;s kind of dark and has a different feel to it. After reading the reviews, I'm bummed I didn't order a milkshake! I don't know that we'd necessarily make a special trip to come back here.
2	I've eaten here occasionally in the time that I've lived in the area (my whole life), and it's never very memorable (the food, that is). The building itself is really cool looking inside, but the food is just okay... in fact, I know I'd prefer cooking at home to overpaying here. Also, the waitress I had the other day was really rude. Might be a good place for an awkward first date.
3	Some things never change. The Courier Cafe is one of them. I lived down here in C-U about 6 years ago and just moved back down here about a month ago. One of my friends suggested that we get a bite to eat here before checking out a play at the Station Theatre. I said sure, why not , haven't been there in ages. Anyway, the service was great. The pay as you go salad bar was reasonably priced and well stocked. I ordered a quesadilla which was good but not great and my friend had a buffalo chicken wrap that was also good but not great.There was nothing wrong with the food or service but besides the cute ambience there's nothing special about this place. I hear the milkshakes are amazing though.
4	Hands down the best milkshakes in Chambana. I love that they still have phosphates, and that they will mix milkshake flavors to your liking. This restaurant has been a go-to for me for the last four years in this town. All their burgers are a sure fire thing. Make sure you get em with a side of sweet potato chips. The service here has always been superb, and if you make it early enough for the breakfast menu, lucky you it's phenomenal.
1	I'd pass if I were you.This 4-star bullshit is a reflection of Urbana's high tolerance for mediocrity.The sandwiches look like something a kindergartener would get at a daycare center with a side of fruit cocktail. Wonderbread with an anorexic serving of meat and a pickle spear for $8 or more.We had to get up and walk around to find an employee who would take our money. The couple next to us got up and left because nobody would take their order.Inexcusably bad service, inexplicably bad food. Come on, Urbana, for once, accept the fact that some businesses are meant to die. In case you don't get out much, the Courier Cafe is terrible. They are operating as if they have no competition.Suffering through a shit sandwich and bad service is a stupid way to supporting local business. Unless you're into self-punishment and leather and... you know, in that case, join the priesthood.
4	once you stop going to merry ann's or ihop and get all sophisticated with your hangover breakfast joints, courier cafe will be your place!
3	It's ok.  The food I've tried here is all decent and fairly cheap.  However, nothing much to write home about.  Service was ok on my visit.Some of the antiques are really charming.  Pasta made fresh in-houseThis area does seem to have a high threshold for mediocrity.Will have to attempt the shakes and tater skins sometime.  After 8pm there are cheap meal deals.  Would go for those.
4	Good breakfast joint right in downtown Urbana.
2	This is an update to my full review below.  I have been chided by yelp message -- probably from the owner or his friend -- that it is OK to call a tortilla dish "rarebit."  My feeling is that if you were going for a zany take on rarebit that an insider would get, no luck. I moved here from Britain. When I saw the tortilla labeled "rarebit" my reaction was: This place doesn't know what they are doing. Admittedly, the item on the menu labeled "spanish" is far weirder.
4	Courier has really darn good breakfast food.  My friend got the almond french toast.  It was light and delectable.  Especially good if you use orange marmalade instead of the syrup.  Try it!I was really craving just your basic diner breakfast- eggs, bacon, hash browns, and toast.  Everything was right on.  I devoured almost all the food and that's pretty rare for me.  The hash browns were a particular stand out.  Crispy on the outside and almost creamy-soft within.  Yum.They bake all the bread in-house and my toast was delish.  There's a case full of bakery-style treats, not sure if those were baked in house as well.Eggs, bacon, and toast were all pretty good as well.  I was not disappointed with anything.  I've yet to try the phosphates or milkshakes.  Combining flavors for a choc/peanut butter shake has been on my mind lately, tho...My four stars are for breakfast only; the three star holds for lunch/dinner.
4	I love this place! I have been here for only three times during the past two years of my stay at Urbana but all being in just past two months and I totally repent for not exploring this place earlier! I now even have a buddy who loves this place as much as I do and I am sure we are gonna visit more often here!This time we ordered veggie burgers (the garden salad and the black bean each) and a side order of Veggie dippers. The veggie dippers were amazing! I really like the sweet potato fries here and when combined with other veggies, it truely adds to the taste!I heard their milk shakes are awesome.. something to look forward to for the next visit!
3	I'm a little bias about this place since my Great Grandfather and Great Great Grandfather owned this place when it was a newspaper and printing business. The building has a lot of nostalgia for me.So, the atmosphere is awesome (especially knowing relatives had spent so much time in it) and keeps its old charm.  The restaurant owners have done a nice job keeping the historic feel while not going tacky.We were there for breakfast. I've heard lunch and dinner are so-so. Our breakfasts were all very good: fresh, tasty and good portions. Nothing that makes you call it the best you ever had, but great basic food nonetheless. I'll go back for breakfast at the Courier next time I'm in town.Have to say the service was outstanding: super friendly, fast, unobtrusive. Go give the Courier a try...and say hi to the ghosts for me.
4	Went here over homecoming weekend with my brother, thanks to reviews from Yelp. A big breakfast is always a good way to kick off a day.I picked up a Denver Omelette with hash browns -- as much as I wanted to try the Spanish Omelette with chorizo, something about tequila in my eggs didn't really sound quite right. It was good. The omelettes here aren't mile-high and fluffy; they're more traditional omelettes, but still made with fresh ingredients.The hash browns were pretty good. Both maybe could have used a little more seasoning, but I was satisfied with both items.Now, the almond french toast -- if you like your french toast sweet, this is the item for you. The batter was spiked with serious amount of almond extract, and once you pour maple syrup over it... watch out! Still, it was very good. What few sips I had of the New York Egg Cream were also quite good. The chocolate flavor was pretty good (perhaps not as dark as I prefer, but... I have no idea what a New York Egg Cream is supposed to taste like) and also very sweet.For a basic breakfast, I wasn't blown away, but I would definitely go back to Courier Cafe for a good breakfast the next time I visit Urbana.
4	U of I is our favorite University, we love the football, our whole family has gone there and when we want beer and pizza, Champaign-Urbana is the place to be.  The floors are sticky and the bathrooms gross but Campus abounds in places with Orange and Blue ambiance.But when we want a good breakfast before the game, a really good burger after the game or an ice cream rush before the drive home, this Illini family heads to Courier Cafe, with nostalgic 70's decor and honest food.  For breakfast, I prefer the Courier, for lunch any burger plus the sweet potato fries and for ice cream, definitely the Misprint Sundae.  If you want fancier, head down the street to its sister establishment, Silver Creek.  For an off campus comfort food experience, go to Courier.  Tell 'em the Chief sent you.
2	I've been told by many friends to take a visit to the courier cafe. So with much pressure, I gave in.  What was I thinking? Even today I still am not quite sure. I was really hungry and had been looking for something to satiate my lunch needs. I decided on the quesedillas and my bf ordered the pesto veggie pita.  Let me say that neither was really that good, especially the pesto pita.  The presentations of the food left something to be desired. The one thing that was tasty on the menu was the chocolate peanut butter shake. Not sure if a shake really has the ability to bring me back to a restaurant, and in this case it doesn't.  The shake is what is bringing my review from 1 star to 2. The whole place is totally overrated and looks so unkempt.
3	To be blunt, I'm baffled at the amount of love the burgers here received on Yelp.  Really just not that good.  The meat was dry and overcooked, the toppings were boring and it was pretty small.  The only reason this place received 3 stars from me was the OUTSTANDING soup!  The roasted corn and poblano chowder was absolutely delicious.  I wanted to stop by the nearest U of I frat house and borrow a beer bong to take down a vat of this soup--yea, it was that good!  Overall, the Courier Cafe just feels kind of old (kind of like the burgers taste), but, do yourself a favor and order a giant bowl of that soup!
4	One of my favorite places to take guests from out-of-town. They make a mean milkshake for starters. Their burgers are great and they always taste great with their sweet potato fries (which I got serendipitously and have liked them eversince). I enjoy the decor and all of the fascinating objects in the building and I like how they provide a description of each memorable item on the back of the menu. The service is always been great and they always provide an excellent experience. The parking (east of the cafe) never is a problem so that is indeed another plus.
4	Corned Beef Hash and Eggs is the house specialty I'm told and it didn't disappoint. Also friendly house staff, you will always feel like family in this place. Just a quaint respite from the days travels ahead.
3	Never tried breakfast, the wait was always too long. sandwiches are good, esp turkey club. Pastrami is ok, but they usually forget the mustard. Coconut pie and cherry pie are both good. I like the salad bar option. Good, basic place to eat.
5	I love Courier Cafe's salad bar-it has absolutely everything you could ever put on a salad.  Salad bars aren't as popular or common as they were 30 years ago, but I am still a fan.  I've tried other things on their menu and enjoyed them-the desserts are excellent.  I like the Victorian decor, too.
5	Nice breakfast place. Friendly staff and nice food!
4	Courier Cafe is one of my favorite places in Urbana!They have the best ice cream sundae in town.. THE MISPRINT..Its small and the perfect size for desert--(And its under $4) I feel this is a great date place or conversation place because you could just order shakes and nothing else and stay for hours without being rushed out by wait staff.  They also have incredible shakes, and rueben sandwiches.
5	Great atmosphere and great food! Love this place, always a favorite experience when visiting the area. I understand they close every year for 1 week for deep cleaning and general sprucing up (I make sure I don't visit the week after Christmas as to miss eating there.) Every restaurant should do this. I would always recommend The Courier Cafe!
5	So far my lady and I have only been here for Ice Cream, but we will be returning for other meals.  As far as the Ice Cream goes, the best I've had in years!  The closest thing to a "proper" Ice Cream Parlor that I know of in the area.
4	Courier was one of my favorite spots for fooding back in the day. The quaint, rustic decor and simple menu definitely shouldn't deter anyone from trying this place out. The shakes are amazing (not too overwhelmingly sweet) and I love that they give you all of what they make - even the portion that doesn't fit in the cup. The burgers are classic - simple, no frills, good meat, fresh toppings, cooked to perfection. I'd also highly recommend the brunch menu here. Alas, it was a rare occasion that I would be awake for it but you can learn from my mistakes and get yourself some delicious brunch at Courier.For such a historic building, Courier Cafe has done a great job of preserving the past and giving people a taste of the olden times.
5	Great place.  I breakfast here several times a week.  Staff is friendly and efficient.  My favorite waitress takes good care of me and took the time to get to know me and what I order.  The flavored coffee of the day is always quite good.  I tend to have the same thing each time because I like it but I have tried just about everything on the menu and it is always good.  The menu is not as large as some breakfast spots but there is enough variety for everyone to find something.  The corned beef breakfast, the cakes and eggs with buckwheats, and the Spanish omelet are particular favorites.
2	The Courier mystifies me.  It's always packed. People say they love the food. They think the building is charming. But the decor seems more tired and limp than it does charming and authentic, and the place is very loud, and kind of dirty.  The menu looks like it has appetizing, if plain, selections, but the food doesn't taste like anything and there's so much of it on the plate that after a while you begin to feel as though you are in a fight to the death with it.  I've heard people say that it's diner food, but it tastes more like reheated frozen dinners. It looks like food, and sometimes it smells like food, but inexplicably, it doesn't taste like food. The service is serviceable. The bathrooms are appalling.  The salad bar is puzzling.  The four times I've been there, I've found it rather difficult to get cashed out.  After which, I've been surprised at how much cash I've just spent.
4	I went to Courier Cafe today with Mr. Boyfriend and two of our friends. Overall, we had a good experience.Pros:-Service: The cafe was fairly busy, but we were seated right away, and we all had water glasses within a couple minutes. Our waitress was friendly, attentive, and very patient. If I could rate service separately, it would be a 5-star rating.-Decor: I like it! The theme seems to be old-timey newspaper, which is pretty cool. -Milkshake. Mr. Boyfriend and I got a peanut butter to split, and our friends got butterscotch. Awesome.-The "Skinny Dippers," crispy, fried potato skins covered with cheese, bacon, sour cream and chives. These will make a person anything but skinny. We got a half-order to split, and ended up with approximately a bazillion potato skins. Wow.-Food in general: pretty good! -Menu: Quaintly themed, with desserts named after newspaper stuff ("Headliner," "Misprint," "Cub Reporter," etc...). Standard American fare, sandwiches, burgers, etc.Cons, Almost-Cons, Slight Issues:-Price: It wasn't terribly overpriced for being right in downtown Urbana. I'm willing to pay $5.75 for a BLT. I just want the BLT to be a great BLT. The BLT was a good BLT, but it was a $4 BLT. Tiny slice of tomato, lots of lettuce, some decent bacon, on basic slices of wheat bread. The skins were $4.95, and these are SO worth it to split with a group, because of how good they are and how many we received. Milkshake was $3.75, I believe. Altogether, Mr. Boyfriend spent around $30 before tip for the two of us. -Timing: We arrived at 12:10, ordered by 12:15, and were served at 12:45. I had to be back at work by 1, so I had hoped the food would come out more quickly. This isn't a terrible wait, and like I said, the restaurant was doing good business. Still, I had ten minutes to eat, but 30 to talk. I would rather have 30 minutes to savor those potato skins, and ten minutes to talk to the jerks I call friends, but you can't always get what you want.
3	The Courier Cafe has long been a great place to get delicious and well prepared food in Urbana. The decor has literally not changed in decades, and suits it well.For this visit, the wife and I ate small. She had a quesadilla with sweet potato fries (chips, actually) and I had the potato skins along with a ham and cheese.Funny thing about their sandwiches. The inside is warm, but the bread is soft, not toasted. That was strange. The potato skins have changed, and I think this must depend on who is cooking. I didn't like these as much as the old ones. The old version was literally potato "boats". The new version are more like fries. I was told the quesadilla was only fair, not great. I ordered the phosphate as always, and it was a little bland.Maybe they need to up the quality of their food again. I wouldn't rush to go back as I always have.
4	Love this place, super delicious breakfast after an all nighter. Had the feta cheese omelette with wheat toast and the apple french toast (something like that). So good, mouth-wateringly good. Only reason I take off a star is because the server was a bit frantic and rude at first, but was relatively decent after our drinks. There was also an annoying group of high-schoolers there who reserved 30 spots...yeah....Nice atmosphere. Very antique/ vintage feel. Drinks are old-timey as well. They offer phosphates. Friend got a German chocolate cake coffee. Smelled exactly like it. Recommend this as an Urbana-must.
4	I come to Courier Cafe pretty regularly.  Their burger options are a good bargain.  I've always enjoyed their shakes- especially the strawberry or peanut butter.  I prefer to get the specials because I go there so often.  I had a delicious fish fillet sandwich with a HUGE fillet.  Then I got it again, and it was pretty small.  I noticed that sometimes the food isn't very consistent.  The one thing that might surprise you is that their salad bar is AMAZING.  I get a huge salad with everything on it.  Like a pound of salad for $5.00.  Leaves are pretty light, so a pound a salad is prettty huge.
3	Great almond french toast, decent coffee, but the place could use some sprucing up.
3	I picked this place because I thought it would be good for a group setting. The people I traveled with had different dietary restrictions and I like to make sure I can cater to them all. This place worked, but the food was standard. I definitely wasn't expecting mind blowing food, but when it comes to a cafe I'd like the food to be comforting. My burger reminded me of a day at the park where you buy frozen burger patties from Costco and throw em on the grill. Where's In-and-Out when I need them? They also wouldn't cook my french fries extra crispy for some reason which was also another negative. The highlight was probably the hot fudge sundae but as a reminder, unless you like eating dessert as dinner, share that sucker with someone. I'd go here again if I wanted something super casual and laid back. But since I usually travel here with a band wagon of people, I'll have to take them elsewhere.
4	This is a cute little place, full of interesting details.  Like the "Fan-O-Plane" hanging from the ceiling.  Or the stained glass in the windows from a church in Danville.  Or the really old cash register.  You can read about all these things on the back of the menu, which is pretty cool on its own.  I appreciate a restaurant that actually has their menu illustrated/designed by an artist...even if it was back in the 80's...I still think it's cool. As for the food, it's good.  I got the Buenos Dias Burrito--a breakfast burrito with eggs, hash browns, veggies, and cheese, wrapped in a wheat tortilla and smothered in salsa verde, served with sour cream on the side.  Yes, it was as huge and tasty as it sounds.  I tried both the hot sauces they had to offer and they weren't very good so if you like hot sauce on your food...you might consider providing your own (heh).While we were eating, I saw multiple trays of GIANT cookies being brought out from the kitchen.  I had to get one.  Despite being full of burrito, I ordered a chocolate toffee cookie and a cup of their "special" coffee (it was something like Pecan Butter Cream).  The coffee was really good.  I have pretty low expectations for restaurant coffee but this was actually REALLY good coffee.The waitress asked if I wanted my cookie warmed (yes!) and I received it shortly after getting my coffee.  The cookie was ok--a little too "cakey" to me (like the dough had been made using a lot of flour and not nearly enough BUTTER).  I would have enjoyed a smaller, richer cookie more.  But it's still pretty fun to eat a giant cookie the size of a pancake.I'll definitely be back.  If I come for breakfast again I think I'll get the Almond French Toast...om nom...
5	Best breakfast in CU.  The Courier breakfast is fantastic, especially with the sausage links, which are essentially English bangers.  Delicious.  When anyone visits town, I make a point to take them to Courier because it is such a good representation of what CU has to offer.The coffee selection is almost always great, and service is typically delightful.
5	Oh how I miss Courier Cafe. Every single time I come back to C/U for something I try and grab lunch here. I've never had a bad meal here. The Banker's Burger is fantastic, the Monkey Stuff sandwich sounds weird, but is amazing. Some of the sandwiches are obscene in their size. Asking for a side of mayo is a mistake as they will bring you a 1/4 of mayo. The sweet potato chips are delicious. They also have a salad bar that has a decent selection.But ignore all of what I said above because none of it matters. Even if Courier had the worst lunch and breakfast food on earth, I'd still go for the shakes. Oh my god the shakes. I get the shakes thinking about their shakes. Feeling like a high roller? Order the apple pie shake. Some of the waitresses will not know what you are talking about, but once you explain it to them, they will make it. Piece of apple pie + ice cream + blender = apple pie shake. They will charge you for both a slice of pie and a shake, and it is worth every penny. Great to take your date who isn't watching her figure (or is way too damn skinny and needs to bulk up a bit). Seriously, stop reading and go get an apple pie shake!
3	I was really not that impressed with the food. I had a burger and it was ok. I ordered the sweet potatoe fries thinking they were fries but they are actually chips. I don't think I would go there again for the food.
4	tried breakfast, and it gets an extra star. It's worth the wait for breakfast - pancakes are good.
4	We tried Courier Cafe on the recommendation of a friend, and were happy we did. This is a delightful little restaurant, done up in turn of the century decor, with fun antiques and pieces from that time period. We were in for breakfast this morning...I was told to go early or wait, and I'm glad we arrived before 8 am, as there was a line when we left an hour later. Service here is cheerful, friendly and professional, and both the hostess and waitress greeted us when we entered. We skipped the homemade pastries and muffins, as they're not on the diet right now, but they looked great. I had an omelet with spinach, mushrooms and cheddar and it was very good, with very fresh veggies. The hash browns they serve are delicious...crispy without and fluffy within. They make their own bread and I tried the cinnamon toast, which was a white bread that my baker husband says was brioche dough, and made for some great toast. He tried the oatmeal with fresh berries and walnuts, which was made with whole oats. The regular size is a very good sized serving of oats...you can get a half order if you're appetite is smaller. I asked of they use real butter...I'll order my toast dry before I'll eat margarine...and she assured me they do, which I greatly appreciate. Two thumbs way up for this delish breakfast. I'll be back for lunch.
5	Love the atmosphere. An awesome place for getting into a great conversation with someone. The shake is very customizable, u can mix different flavors, you will find your favorite after some good digging and experimentation.
5	Best milkshakes in CU! They also have delicious lunches and dinners at affordable prices. However, besides the milkshakes, the Courier is best for breakfast, might I recommend the outmeal with fruit.
4	First class breakfast served in an interesting and inviting atmosphere.  Ensconsed in an old building in downtown Urbana, Courrier Cafe is definitely a cut above the typical restaurants in U of I's hometown.  We were pleasantly surprised.  My wife had the 'Ham and Scram' and a side of pumpkin pancakes that were on special.  The eggs were well cooked and the ham was really tasty.  It had the right hint of smokines which I thought was particularly pleasant.  I had the Spanish omlette which, as usually happens in gringo joints, was billed as 'hot' by our waitress.  It was merely low-medium.  Generous shots of hot sauce kicked my dish up to the real heat level for me.  Delicious coffee and really nice bread that made excellent toast was also provided.  Attentive service (but the restaurant only had ten patrons when we were there - right at opening) so it may not be representative.Not worth a special trip to Champaign-Urbana, but if you are in town or even passing by, a slight detour to patronize it is worth it.
3	Came here for a late lunch and was pretty disappointed by the service.  Our waiter took our order promptly enough and we received our food.  The sandwich I ordered was on the wrong bread and I spent what seemed like forever waiting for the waiter to come back around.  In the meantime I discovered that there was also a hair in the sandwich.  I eventually managed to flag him down and asked about the bread.  He took it back to the kitchen and when he came back, told me that they were out of the bread I ordered.  Ok...so why didn't someone come out and ask me what I wanted instead, rather than just making it with something else and hoping I wouldn't notice?  Seems pretty straightforward.  I got a new sandwich and by that time my boyfriend was almost done eating.After that, our waiter never bothered even stopping by our table again to check in, other than walking by to drop off the check.Sandwich was good (...the second one, sans hair) although the "special sauce" appeared to just be a mustard...maybe they were out of that too.
3	You here a lot of great things about this place and I think that was the issue for me, I had pretty high expectations.  Don't get me wrong, we liked our experience, the food was tasty and made to order, and the service was solid. We went for a late lunch, so the atmosphere was dead and seeing  the older restaurant left nothing to the imagination. But there was nothing GREAT about this place...in the same light, there was nothing bad either.It's worth to check it out and I will be back to give it another shot.
4	Corn Beef & Pastrami with fries were gooooood good.They serve Green River soda. This place knows what's up.I'm not much of a deserts guy, but you have to get their banana split. Huge serving. Great vanilla taste.
3	Service: 5Food: 3Price: 1I decided to eat breakfast at Courier Cafe last week after reading all the good reviews. I ordered two eggs, sausage, potatoes, small fruit bowl and coffee. The waitress did an excellent job, looking over me just enough without being intrusive. The eggs, over easy, were too easy. The yolk was properly runny, but unfortunately so was the white. Sausages were tasty, but not seasoned enough. The hash browns were good, but could have been crisper. The English muffin that came with the meal was toasted well, but buttered too heavily. The total bill was $11.13, so plus the tip, my breakfast cost over $13.00. Next time I'll check the prices on the menu, I just assumed that they were in line with other breakfast eateries. I would give this place two stars if the service had not been excellent.
4	if you're a vegetarian, this place is super friendly.  breakfast offers tofu scramble instead of eggs, and vegetarian breakfast "sausage".  it's nice to have options instead of just having pancakes... again.  there is a nice salad bar, but to be honest, the quality of that is hit or miss.  sometimes it's really fresh and all the salads look like they have just been prepped, but sometimes, and it seems like it's been more often, the salad bar looks sad.  i actually got a scoop of slimy carrots the last time.  it was way gross, and it wasn't something i noticed until i had plopped the big scoop on my plate, thus ruining the rest of my salad.  they allowed me to take a new plate, and start again, but it was pretty gross.  if you like alternative proteins like beans and tofu, there is plenty on the bar.  however, the beans are just dumped from can to salad bar, and are full of that gelatinous goo that the beans float around in in the can. (you know... the stuff you usually rinse off thoroughly.)the service is generally fantastic.  a lot of their wait staff is attentive and friendly, especially in the morning.  there are some night staff that seem to forget you exist, but for the most part, it's decent service.  all in all, if your vegetarian or vegan, there are options, which is difficult to find for a sit down meal in this town and don't feel like having sushi or lo mein.  i would give it 4/5 but just because the quality of some things ... like service and salad bar... is hit or miss.
4	Loved this place.  Flavored coffee, almond French toast and biscuits and gravy are all winners.
4	The building has a long history and lots of character. It's plenty crowded at Saturday breakfast, a good sign that the locals like it. I enjoyed my whole wheat french toast, and thought the coffee was good. There's a metered parking lot just across the street east, free nights and weekends.
3	I am really torn apart by the Courier Cafe . I will go there and it will be amazing all around then the next time I go I will get awful service. For example, last night I went there with a group of four for dinner and waited 10 minutes to even get our drinks ordered. Once the waiter even comes by he doesn't even say hi and is very unfriendly. Throughout the meal we do not get refills and barely see the waiter. Then, once we get our dinner plates he hands us the checks. Talk about being rushed out of a place. I guess they don't want to sell desert or after dinner drinks. This is unfortunate because the food is great. The burger are good value and the friend chicken dinner is one of the best around town. The milkshakes are the best I have ever had. I will refuse to be a regular customer though after my last experience. It is now just a place to go once in a great while or for a shake. The only reason they got three stars is because of the food, otherwise it would be a one.
4	Second visit.  Is enjoyable I think due to the unique menu and the ambiance of the old newspaper office. Rueben and onion rings are good. Wife had the turkey club and both shared the potato skins appetizer.  All good and will go back as there appears many more items to try!!
4	Great place for breakfast, something for everyone. Also very kid friendly. Lots of vegetarian options, and something for every taste. A piece of old town urbana.
4	Dessert.  Do it.I hear breakfast is pretty awesome as well.  Decor is cool, neat vibe, old historical building.  When I was a kid we had Farrell's (no longer) in the Bay Area for our sweet treats and for whatever reason the sundae I had reminded me of that.  Points for nostalgia!
4	In Urbana  we were just looking for a good American restaurant with home cooking.We found that at the courier cafe.We went on a Saturday night and waited quite awhile to get waited on as our waitress was swamped.There menu was full of a lot of homemade dishes and we were looking forward to eating here.I had the turkey noodle soup and it was excellent and in a big bowl.We also got the potato skins and I highly recommend getting these, as they were loaded with bacon & cheese. My honey had the vegetarian chili and she really enjoyed that. I also ordered the southern fried chicken and that was real good.I have heard from a friend that there milkshakes are made old fashion in the metal cups and they even bring you out the cup which is nice.We got a slice of chocolate cream pie which was real rich and just right.We also got some homemade cheesecake and that was very tasty and rich.This place was packed and from being out of town it must be a popular place to eat.I can totally understand how this place got great reviews and we will come again.Although the service was slow we still enjoyed are evening at the courier cafe.On 6/2012 we went here for breakfast and it was delicious & hot da spot.Its def. a local eatery that should be visited when in Urbana,il.
1	I feel like Mugatu (played by Will Ferrell) in Zoolander (watch, it's only 5 secs of your life): http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AG7LjVCj50Y. I am SO SURPRISED by the reviews here! Did I come on a bad night?! This place was seriously bad!I went there with a bunch of friends and it was just underwhelming. Given the lack of customers, service was pretty slow. There were only a few menus for us to look at, and the ones that we got were covered with crayon and torn-- but the waitress was nice.My friends got the gazpacho but they said that it was fermented (i.e.,  old). I tried it and thought the same, WTH? I got the Courier burger-- simple bacon cheeseburger with fries. The burger was huge but it was extremely dry like sandpaper. I hate putting ketchup and mustard on a  burger, but I had to just to get the moisture back in my mouth! The fries are NOT fries, they're potato wedges. Have you ever been to Mcdonalds? Fries should look and taste like that. Com'on.I then got The Headliner (two scoops of ice cream with fudge, peanuts, whip cream and a cherry). It was okay, but nothing spectacular-- Joe Schmo who lives out in the dumpster could've made it...probably faster too. Given that we were one of the few groups in the restaurant, it took way too long to make it. Courier Cafe is overrated.
2	I sincerely believe that Courier Cafe can only do sandwiches and shakes well. A few weeks ago, I went to Courier Cafe and ordered fish. What I got in return was the bland little sad looking piece of fish about the size of a playing card. It was cod. It was flavorless. It was served with thin slices of lemon on top of it. It served no purposes other than to falsely suggest there would be some lemon-y taste. Also on the plate were three slices of cucumber and a slice of tomato. Not sure why. Perhaps it was there so that I could rate which item was the most bland on the plate.I have been to courier cafe a few times, and I've always ordered some sort of burger or sandwich. They always came out as expected for a sandwich. It tasted good and it was filling. This on the other hand, left me disappointed as I compared the value and price of my meal against my friend who ordered a sandwich that costed less. I left the restaurant hungry and actually went to another nearby restaurant to eat again.
3	Went here for breakfast with a friend.  The food was decent, and I don't recall feeling like I paid a lot for it (that's a good thing right?).  Just a bit far from campus if you are a student.
4	Dinner at the Courier Cafe was excellent! Everyone that I was with said that their meal was fantastic. The atmosphere of the restaurant is very rustic. The only complaint is that they are not prepared for groups larger than four. We had six, so we were seated a bit awkwardly at two adjoining tables - one square, the other circular. The food and the atmosphere, however, are enough to give this establishment a 4.
3	Courier is solid.  Come for the breakfast food, and if you're in need of a reliable lunch you should go to Courier as well.  It's nothing adventurous - eggs and bacon, pancakes, and tuna salad on white bread.  But it's tasty, reasonably priced, and friendly. It gets busy on weekends.
4	My sister recently moved to Champaign-Urbana for grad school, and being that I was in Bloomington-Normal this past weekend, I couldn't NOT go down to C-U for a visit.  I asked her to investigate some places we could get brunch, and she found Courier Cafe.  She said one of her girlfriends said it was really good.So, we got there and put our name in.  The restaurant is small, but homey, lots of antiques, reminded me of being at my grandma's old house.  We waited for maybe 20 minutes for a table.When we sat, we were given lunch menus.  When I inquired as to if they were still serving breakfast, one person said "I don't know, let me check," one said "no" and the hostess came over and explained that we would've had to have been there by 11:45 to get on the "breakfast waiting list."  It would've been nice if someone explained this to us when we got there, because 2 of the 3 of us REALLY wanted breakfast, and came to find it unavailable.  I was really disappointed.  I love breakfast.  I almost cried, legitimately.I digress.  There were plenty of tasty looking things on the menu, and I liked that all of their breads are made in-house.  Everyone enjoyed what they had.  My sister had the turkey croissant, and my boyfriend had the turkey club with a cup of chili.I had the Courier burger, which came with thick sliced bacon and cheddar cheese.  I could tell right away this burger was going to be delicious.  It was cooked on a flat-top griddle, which imparts such good flavor.  The patty was perfectly seasoned, and the cheese and bacon were just right. I didn't add ANY condiments or garnishes to the burger, just ate it as is.  The bun was a perfect brioche-y, eggy delight.Lunch for three came to $33.00.  I will certainly return the next time I am in Champaign, and try to get there early enough for breakfast.
5	As an Urbana native I grew up going to this place. I have always been satisfied and often recommend this to anyone new to the area. I really suggest going here and getting any number of the dishes as they are all great. The salad bar has a wide range of options which makes it one of the best in town. Leave room for dessert! The Misprint is definitely worth it.
5	The best Peanut Butter Banana milkshake that I have ever had.
2	Eh...Decor is a turn-off. I understand the antique-homey kind of feel that this place was going for, but...it ended up just seeming dirty and in need of some updates.As for the food, it was average...nothing great. It's pretty telling if I can't even remember what I ordered; it's that forgettable. And holy cow, the waitress was beyond cranky; she was rather rude and inattentive.Considering this place is one of the only palatable-breakfast places in the area, I splurged to give Courier 2 stars, although I probably will not be coming back.
4	I came here yesterday for lunch with my brother. He got coffee and I got hot chocolate. Both came out quickly and tasted good. I got the turkey club sandwich and I added sprouts (which was an additional 75 cents? I thought that was just a tad too much) and the subtotal for my sandwich was then $8. I can't complain though because I saved the other half of the sandwich for dinner since the portions were pretty big. My brother went to the salad bar and it's only 32 cents per ounce, so his whole plate was less than $5! That was pretty awesome.
4	Ate lunch at Courier Cafe today. I had not been here for quite some time.We had a short wait to get seated, which was understandable since we came just after noon.  I would probably prefer to come for breakfast, but that wasn't in the cards today.The service was very good. Our waitress was polite, food came in a reasonable time, and drinks were refilled regularly. We were also brought our check in a speedy manner, which I always like.Food: I had a buffalo chicken wrap, my wife had a hamburger and my son had a reuben sandwich and fries. All the food was very good.The only negative is the scrum at the front door/register when you are on the waiting list or paying your bill. Of course, part of the charm of Courier is the old time feeling the place gives, and a large waiting room would probably detract from that.Next trip: breakfast!
5	If you are in Champaign or Urbana, go to the Courier Cafe for breakfast/brunch. It was delicious and delightful. Their homemade breads were so satisfying. All of the breakfast dishes were standard but just had that home cooked feeling. I would eat their regularly if I lived there. Try the biscuits and gravy and try the sourdough bread.
5	Between the Courier and Silvercreek, which have the same owners, they have the best breakfast and brunch respectively in Champaign-Urbana.  The Courier is more comfy and affordable, and every bit as good.  Their lunch and dinner offererings are equally excellent.  The burgers and fried chicken are very good.  They are also famous for their pancakes and their shakes.  Really, really good.  As a resident of CU, it is a fact that if you want a taste of the best, you have to eat at the Courier.
4	I lived in Champaign twice within a decade for graduate school at UIUC. Without a doubt, I considered the Courier a go-to spot. It was great for weekend meals in an unstuffy environment with friends as well as for family gettogethers. Thanks for the memories, Courier. If you're looking for a good salad bar, this is the spot.
1	I'm a fan of the Courier. I've always had great service. Unfortunately, today I was very disappointed. After being seated, we were ignored for nearly fifteen minutes. After we saw another table that arrived after us get service within a minute of sitting down, we left. It was very frustrating. The busboy placed waters on our table and left us waiting. We were passed by multiple times without one server asking us anything. Ironically after we left, the hostess thanked us for our business and was completely oblivious of the fact that we had only arrived 15 minutes before.
5	Ate here for the first time this past weekend (lunch).  All the local restaurants were VERY busy because of U of I graduation.  We were seated in the back near the kitchen which wasn't great, but I think we were very lucky to get a table at all.  Well first of all the salad bar was fantastic, lots of unique items and dressings and the attendant was VERY helpful.  Then our entrees were great too - I had the special (mahi-mahi tacos) and they were very fresh, flavorful and light.  My husband had salad bar and a reuben sandwich and he was very happy with them.  Service was very good too, even though they were extremely busy.  Hit a home run with this one - we'll be back!
4	Good food.  Cool, historic building and decor.  I had a BLT (my standard fare when traveling) and the bacon was outstanding.  It was busy the day we were here. Lots of townies, I could tell, so I know this place is a staple of Champaign. For me, this is a 'can't miss' diner.
4	Adorable place! Historic building oozing with charm. Food was good and service was great! Full menu including vegan options. Win!
5	Great ice cream--large amount, delicious and cheap! Spend about 4 bucks and you can enjoy a wonderful dessert. The foods there are traditional American foods: burgers, sandwiches...
4	Courier Cafe is a long time favorite place of mine to go in the Champaign-Urbana area.  The atmosphere can't be beat, the hometown old-fashioned feel is very warm and welcoming.  I love the look of it from the street with the lights framing the windows.The food has always been decent.  The Dagwood is especially good and the milkshakes are yummy.  The salad bar offers a nice selection as well.Definitely beats all the "chain" restaurants in town.
4	3 Things stand out to me at Courier Cafe:Ribeye Sandwich- Amazingly delicious / juicy ribeye sandwich, must recommendMake your own Burger- My friend decided to make is own burger, ordered bacon, and bacon, and extra bacon. He got 6 things of bacon for the price of "make your own burger"Shakes- Very solid shakes, extremely delicious but didn't seem too sugary
5	This place definitely exudes an antique-hipster aura. I wouldn't be surprised if the people working here were hipsters themselves. I absolutely love the style of the menu. I ordered a Dagwood which is a 3 layer sandwich that includes ham, roast beef, two cheeses, pickles, tomato, lettuce, secret sauce, cucumbers, and onions. Though the waitress got our order wrong (two of us didn't want onions on our items), the food was still magnificent. Half of the Dagwood sandwich was enough to make me feel satisfied. We ordered the brownie special. Indeed, that brownie now has a special place in my heart. The brownie special can be enjoyed by two-three people. It is a brownie topped with vanilla ice cream, whip cream, and a side of chocolate syrup. I gotta say that the brownie itself inundated my senses with a resplendent sweet flavor.
5	Excellent place for breakfast and dinner. Absolutely love their coffee. They have always been prompt with their service despite how busy they get. Recommendations: any omelette, paperboy breakfast, and their burgers. Salad bar is also a great choice for lunch. Highly recommend all of their soups too!
4	Came to Courier Cafe for brunch with some friends; this is a great place for small group of people to have a lazy weekend meal. Fortunately, we arrived early enough not to have to wait for a table, because this place got crowded really quickly. (For good reason!) I had a courier burger (burger with bacon) with fries and coleslaw. I really appreciate how they put the burger toppings on the side of the plate, because it lets you assemble the burger however you want to, and makes the dish more presentable. The burger came out very neat and clean; I didn't have to deal with a sauce-filled, drippy mess, like some other places. It was all very appetizing, though nothing to write home about. I would avoid the coleslaw, however, which was disastrously drenched in mayonnaise, and after a few bites, I just set it to the side untouched. I totally dig the antique-style decor in this restaurant. This is one of Urbana's landmark establishments; if you're looking for a place to enjoy a cozy meal with friends, definitely make a trip over here.
5	Our whole family loves Courier Cafe. We've been coming here for 14 years and have never had a bad meal.Breakfast? Outstanding. Great eggs, pancakes and out of this world jam.Lunch? Burgers that fill you up, soup that makes me want to come back.Dinner? Great specials, comfort meals that say relax, you're at home.Late night snacks? You bet. Ice cream and pie that satisfy whether the Illini have won or not.Friendly service, honest ingredients all add up to a fabulous restaurant. But don't come here, it's hard enough to get a table now.
4	Had the Bayou burger, it was awesome!
4	Great food!
4	Good sandwiches and ice cream sundaes
4	The price is reasonable, food is good, parking is free. I like rib eye sandwich a lot.
5	Best salad bar I've ever had......great prices....great soup!!!!  My favorite place to eat lunch! Must go if you've never been. Long lines out the door during peak times..so plan accordingly!
4	This was my second time at the cafe and it does not disappoint! They have the best milkshake in the Champaign Urbana area! I ordered the peanut butter banana milkshake and it was the perfect amount of consistency! Some places either make their milkshakes too thick or too watery, but courier cafe's milkshake is perfection in my mouth! My friends and I also ordered the dipper. It was potato skin with bacon, sour cream, cheese, and green onions. I didn't expect it to be so delicious. No doubt, when I visit again, my combo is going to be a milkshake with the dipper. YUM!
5	An absolutely wonderful experience. The atmosphere is quiet but bustling, with friendly staff and enthusiastic customers. Service was prompt, but not pushy. Their almond french toast is pure heaven. I will definitely be returning next time I am in town.
3	This place had great phosphates. I had the green value one which is roughly lime and lemon soda with some creme. It was roughly 3.00 bucks. We both had the coulter breakfast with bacon and sausage, eggs, hash browns and toast. I would have given this a four or five but the host skipped my name and made us wait instead of 30 minutes about 50 minutes.  My name was never scribbed off the list so I was a bit upset with the unprofessionalism of that incident.
5	On a sidestreet in downtown Urbanaa hidden gem sits, tucked awayBy word of mouth, all locals knowabout Courier CafeThe moment you walk through the dooryou're filled with small-town cheerThe atmosphere is "mom & pops"No wonder they've been here for yearsGigantic cookies as big as your headpastries and muffins are on displayNext to their vintage cash registerBeneath the glass counter where you payTheir menu is full of sundaes and shakesordered by children & adults alikeThey've got burgers, sandwiches and wrapsI haven't found something I didn't likeBy the way, for just 95 centsyou can pick a side with your mealSeasoned wedge fries or sweet potato chipsBut the dill potato salad's my idealIf you come, do so for brunchOr breakfast, lunch or dinnerAt any time of the day, just be preparedThat you won't leave here feeling thinnerWhich leads me to a related topicTheir hot fudge will make you swoon!"Would you like some ice cream with that fudge?"Nah, the fudge itself- plus me and a spoon.As a student, I had a morning ritual:Fresh coffee and a pastry.The croissant-crust with raspberry preservesMan, it's been years since I've had one lately...So, five stars are for nostalgiaand five stars are for the foodHopefully proof enough, that this place is the bomb:Using poetry to capture the moodThis place has made its markIt's a beloved Urbana spot of mineEvery time I come back to campusThis is hands-down where I'll dine
5	Their cheese quesadilla is to die for! Yumm, can't wait to go back again.Great atmosphere and service
3	I am quite disappointing since I expect it to be a four star restaurant. The milkshake here is pretty yummy. But the salmon fillet here is overcooked. The fish is dry and burn and just hard as stone. More consideration before coming will be my suggestion.
5	We came here while on vacation and the food and service is top notch. We got the Ruben sandwich and the chicken pitas. One with the fries and the other with sweet potato chips. All the items tasted fresh and were cooked perfectly. Also the quantity was more than we expected for the price, the corned beef was piled high and it was really filling. Our server was very nice and quick to help us out. The experience made our trip to Champaign much more enjoyable overall.
4	Went with friends, pretty good brunch place but compare to lots of other restaurants this doesnt stand out to me.Not really a fan for coffee
5	One of the mainstays in Downtown Urbana. Can hardly get a seat during a home-football weekend because of all the Alumni that come back and want some delicious, homestyle food. Their breakfast is some of the best in town. Wait staff is friendly and their food is quite good. If you are trying to get breakfast/lunch here on a weekend it is a good idea to get there early because there will often be a decent line.
3	I've always gone for breakfast and it's usually pretty good. It's hard to find a good breakfast place in C-U! A few days ago, I went with my friend and our two kids (baby and a 2 year old). I got there and stood at the top of the steps for, no joke, 10 minutes before the host even acknowledged me. But they were swamped and I gave him the benefit of the doubt. I've worked in food service. When he finally asked if I "needed something," I was confused. The sign clearly says, "Please wait to be seated." I told him I was waiting for a table, and he said, "Oh, there's one down there," and pointed towards the kitchen. My friend and I took our seats, and the host brought a high chair. Someone brought us water, and another 10 minutes later, our frazzled, odd server came to our table. She asked if we were ready to order, and we looked down and said, "Well.... we never got any menus...." She came back with the menus, blamed it on someone else, and we ordered our food. Every time she came to the table, she had some sort of snide comment -- maybe she was just having a bad day or that's her personality, but it was annoying. It would have helped if she would have ever brought us refills, checked to be sure we liked our food, asked if we needed anything else. At the end of the meal, she said, "Gosh your table is so quiet," which we both laughed at. How would she know? She never stopped by!The food, however, was fine. I ordered a Dagwood Sandwich (after the hostess said, "Well, that's a LOT of food," and I politely responded, "OK and I'll also have a side of fries.") I got the sandwich with just mustard, no secret sauce or mayo, and it's was pretty good (it was a tall sandwich). I shared the sandwich and fries with my 2 year old. We had a few fries left over, to give you an idea of how much food it ended up being.The bill was about $10 -- on the high end for lunch, but considering it was a large lunch, it seems pretty reasonable.Lunch was fine, but I think I will stick with breakfast at the Courier. They seem too overwhelmed at lunch!
5	By far the best place for breakfast in CU, and their coffee is always top notch. I've never had any qualms with the service, and never waited for over 5 minutes for a seat. Everyone's super friendly and I always leave in a great mood.
5	We had a great experience here. Very friendly, helpful staff; nice kids' menu, lots of flavorful vegetarian selections; and amazing ice cream! We will certainly be back often.
3	This is a diner; if you expect more, also expect to be disappointed. Spanish chorizo omelette was light and flavorful but drowned in terrible tostidos salsa. Sourdough bread has really good flavor but had some fake butter slop on it that tasted like buttered popcorn jelly bellies. Biscuits and chunky sausage gravy were very good.Very friendly service from my experience.Not really a destination... Perhaps a good motto for c-u in general?
4	Cheap and good. I usually go for one of the burgers but everything I've had off the menu has been good.
1	This week I stopped into the Courier Cafe for the first time.  We were grabbing a late lunch, which was probably a mistake.  I ignored my intuition that this place is probably only suited for breakfasts.  There were limited items on the menu that were healthy.  I ordered the soup and sandwich combo.  I had black bean soup, which was pretty tasteless, and the chicken salad sandwich, which was unremarkable and doused in too much mayo.The worst part is my dining companion got the special, a chicken fajita bowl.  Now, let's grant that you probably shouldn't expect excellent Tex Mex in a joint with antiques and an Americana vibe.  But, he took the plunge.  He sincerely regrets this, as he was rendered useless after eating the bland "fajita bowl", which was more like chicken salad with jarred salsa in a taco bowl.  By useless, I mean he must have gotten an extreme case of food poisoning because he spent the entire remainder of the day making multiple trips to the men's room.After an experience with the food here that left us sick, I wouldn't come back.  There are much better places to grab a bite in downtown Urbana.
5	We just tried Courier Cafe today for lunch and it was great! I had the Banker Burger and my boyfriend had a beef quesadilla - both were exceptional, homemade quality. Their potato salad is killer! Our waitress and hostess were also very pleasant. We will definitely be back! :)
5	On man. BEST. PANCAKES. EVER. This has turned into a Sunday morning tradition. The service has always been really great (with one exception, but maybe he was having an off day). Everyone is usually really friendly and attentive. The Cake and Egger is my breakfast choice but I bet it's all good. I've only eaten lunch here once. I got the salad bar and the black bean burger. The black bean burger while not terrible, just wasn't for me. It was really bloated and mushy which made it difficult to eat. I had to just eat it with a fork. I'm used to something a little more dense and solid like a burger would be. The salad bar was delicious. REALLY great selection and everything was fresh. My one complaint would be that I'm 5 ft 6in, which is not really that short, and it was really difficult to reach toppings and their "sneeze guard/window" apparatus is really awkward. But it's worth the hassle. You go up and get your salad, they weigh it and you give the ticket to the sever. I got a very large salad for about $5.  Love this place. Great ambience, great food.
4	Visited this place on my last day in Champaign after 5 years ironically although everyone says you should go here at least once. Went with a few friends for lunch and this cafe has a nice old school vibe to it and even has a really old cash register. I opted to keep it simple and try the Courier Burger. A really simple burger, but it was delicious and the potato wedges were hot and plentiful. My friends loved their meal options including the black bean soup and salad. Definitely would recommend this place and I wish I could have tried their breakfast options here.
4	Awesome breakfast menu, it is a favorite of ours for that. Lunch and onward is more average. I recommend the charritos or the milkshakes.
4	I've only had breakfast here. I am giving them four stars for two main reasons: the best biscuits and sausage gravy in town and a stellar breakfast burrito. In fact, I won't order B&G anywhere else. I highly recommend the biscuits and gravy with extra sausage and an egg on top. That said, the gravy has more sausage than any other in town. It is also made in-house (one of the servers informed me of this). I also get their Cha-Cha-Churritos sometimes. Simply put, this is one of the best places in town for breakfast.
4	I usually do not frequent diners, but my parents had picked this place and they were paying so I said it can't be that bad (and it wasn't!).We decided to have an early dinner around 4pm and were seated immediately, but later on when we were finished around 5, there was over a 10 minute wait, even on Labor day. Inside was kind of small, old, rustic/historic looking, but still kinda cute. We were initially seated in the back room by the salad bar, but opted for a table change since my folks are unusually picky about the location of their table.  2 family members began with a trip to the salad bar, which had a variety of everything and is priced by weight, including some remarkably good cold pasta salad in kind of a red cream sauce. My mother had the cream of (I can't remember) soup, which had potatoes and peppers in it, which she said was pretty good. My father enjoyed his turkey club, which looked really good and was pretty large in size. Also, my Mom said her reuben was decent as well. I ordered a build-your-own 1/2 pound burger which was on special that day for only $6, which was quite the meal deal. The options for building a burger were over 30, and I elected a strange, (but really tasty) combination of chiuahah (spell check?) cheese, a fried egg, pico de gallo and black beans, almost going for a southwestern style thing. This monstrosity of a sandwich was delicious, and was even better when I put on the included lettuce, tomato and onions. I also had a side of cole slaw, which was surprisingly yummy as well. My brother said he liked the buffalo chicken wrap, but wished the sauce was on the inside so he could eat it like an actual wrap and not have to cut it up with silverware. Other than that, no complaints on the food. Unfortunately, we did not try any of the deserts or baked goods on display, which looked fantastic, even some old-fashioned milkshakes served in the silver glasses as well as in-house cookies and cakes.Our server was friendly and polite. It seemed that they were a little understaffed on the holiday, so our check came out a bit slow, but that would be my only minor gripe with our dining experience. Now that I go to school in the area, I will definitely have to come back for breakfast and the desert items. The Courier surprised me as a fairly inexpensive diner-style place with in-house baked goods and a variety of tasty food. If only it were located closer to campus, perhaps on Green street, that would be the ideal location!Either way, we had a very pleasurable experience at the Courier and I'll be back.
5	I come to champagne all the time and this is my 2nd time here. Homemade bread, friendly staff, great coffee ! Can't ask for much more!! And my ham tastes like it's been made over an open fire, delicious
3	Both times I went my stomach hurt really bad afterwards. It IS just me, so I guess it isn't fair. But the taste of the food could be better. GO if you haven't gone yet. It might be your favorite place but it isn't mine.
5	A great place to grab breakfast. I've had lunch there too, but their breakfast is the best in downtown Urbana. I would recommend them to anyone as they have something for everyone.
1	Worst meal I have EVER eaten out! My daughter and I were at Couier cafe for dinner. We dont eat burgers and wanted something healthy (I couldnt find anything healthy on the menu) and the waitress said the grilled salmon was good so we tried it. It came with soup which was supposed to be a chipolte soup but was water with some beans thrown on top. It was splashed all over the dishes and looked like poop. Tasted worse. The salmon was unedible, the sweet pototato was so microwaved it was like baby food and also unedible. The waitress saw our plates were hardly touched yet never inquired as to how it was. When I went to pay (30.00) the person at the register asked how it was and I told him, yet still had to pay!! This restaurant looks and feels VERY dirty-they really need to replace the filthy rug. I would never go back to this place and do not recommend it if you want good, healthy food in a clean environment.
5	What a lovely place to grab a leisurely, hearty breakfast or brunch. While yes the place is technically a diner, it's really the only one I've ever seen that could be said to offer some historical interest as well; as the back of the menu describes in detail, the place used to be the home of the Courier Newspaper. Much of the decor hanging on the walls has some historical significance, which was so cool! Perfect place to bring an out-of-towner.The food was really delicious. I ordered a Spanish omelette, which was HUGE and came with potatoes and a choice of homemade bread (I chose sourdough bread). The potatoes came diced, and were fried slightly soft--almost like very very tender McDonalds hashbrowns. Not my preferred breakfast potato style, but I'll take it!! The omelette was my favorite part--stuffed with fresh jalapenos, onions, chorizo, and Chihuaha cheese. And so cheap, too! 8-ish bucks for a very generous meal.But the best part of the meal: the truly great service (particularly in contrast to the brunch experience I had had just the day before elsewhere, in Champaign). I don't remember her name, but our waitress just beamed amiable Midwest charm, and was very competent about getting us refills and keeping us apprised of the status of our dishes when there was a bit of a wait to get our food. My friend who brought us to this place has stories of how this same waitress would bring her hot tea with lemon when she was feeling ill.I believe it. And I'd gladly come back next time.
4	This place is interesting - its too fancy and historical to really be called a diner (in the normal sense). I came here for the first time, being hosted by a long time town resident.You walk in to an absolute historical feel with historical reads and artifacts everywhere and a good sense of that small town charm.My favorite items were the hand dipped Milk Shakes - more than just the origianals, but all sorts of mid-westerny cream soda flavors. I ordered Peanut flavored.Everything from the soups to the sandwitchs were hearty and delicious and warmed you up (especially in this frigid weather) for my next mid western adventure...
4	We were in town on business Friday and I wanted to try Courier Cafe after reading the Yelp reviews. Breakfast is my favorite meal to eat out and this spot did not disappoint! The service was a little slow to start, but after our order was taken, the food was delivered quickly and perfectly prepared. I ordered scrambled eggs with cheese, bacon, and whole grain bread toast. OMG, the bread was to die for! Husband ordered basted eggs, bacon, and rye toast. We considered the hash browns -- they smelled wonderful in the kitchen -- but are trying to watch our waistlines, so passed on potatoes this trip. They were working on setting up the lunch salad bar (it was about 10:30 when we got there) and it looked fresh and delicious. I'm looking forward to being in Champaign again so we can eat at Courier Cafe for lunch.
4	Best breakfast in town! I really can't complain about anything related to their breakfasts - amazing buckwheat pancakes, burritos, omelets, and the almond french toast is to die for. Their lunch and dinner menu is just ok, which is why I gave it 4 stars. I will be sticking to breakfast in the future!
4	Came here with a few classmates after a long day of classes at the recommendation of an upperclassmen. It was adorable, cozy, and historical looking. Everyone was just so friendly and it was like walking into one of those bed and breakfasts that you only see in movies. Our server was so warm and made us feel really welcome. We had a bigger group and the staff got us set up in no time! The food and portions are well. I have friends that got the soup and really liked it. I got a burger and it was great! The ingredients are fresh and you can definitely taste it! Their milkshakes are amazing. I had a butterscotch one and it was to die for.Definitely stop by here if you have a chance!
3	Good salad bar. The rest of the menu is just OK. Rouben and the courier burger are among their best.
2	Love the look and feel of the place but I've eaten better food. Came here for breakfast and it was alright, nothing great. The service here was fantastic.
