4	Nifty oasis at The Clarendon Hotel in Phoenix. Sophisticated restaurant is paired with a slick bar. Good place to put on a low-key shine on Friday or Saturday night.
5	A cool moody bar hangout with an ecletic scene of characters? In Phoenix?   My baby's alls growns up now.
4	I stayed at the Clarendon on business a few weeks ago and my boss and I ate at Camus.  It was empty, due to the MNF game b/w the Bears and Cardinals, but the chef was really cool and made some great food.  The foie gras creme brule was rich and delicious, as was the polenta.YUM!
4	Like the bar.  Did not experience the restaurant food or the music in the bar.  Staff is friendly and efficient.  I did try the creme brulee...coconut creme brulee.  It was very good.  I had an extensive conversation with the chef regarding sushi -- he was previously a sushi chef.If you go to the Clarendon's website, there are some great restaurant referrals in Phoenix.
4	Very cool place inside a very cool hotel that I never knew existed. The Clarendon is like the indie step-brother to the clean cut Valley Ho in Scottsdale. Which makes Camus the counterpart to Trader Vic's, an equally impressive but slightly more expensive alternative. The menu at Camus is flavorful and varied, with all sorts of influence from down home to panasian. I highly recommend the sweet potato fries and the tilapia wrap along with some sort of foreign beer for dinner. It's a can't miss.What's most impressive about this place is that it's located in Phoenix. It serves as a testament that beneath its plastic surface, Phoenix is nurturing an independent and artistic scene that is quickly becoming recognizable and bordering on formidable in the national cityscape. Definitely a great stop for out of towners or naysayers: Phoenix is on the up and up!
5	i came after hours for drinks at the bar here after a biz party in the area. located in the Hotel Clarendon, which has been around for a very long time but has def gotten in a cool baby face lift recently.the bar is uber chic but fun every once in a while for that scene. as an added note, the hotel is an important part of AZ history, as an Arizona Republic reporter was murdered in the parking lot, by car bomb, for his work covering the mob in phoenix (yes, phoenix in the 70s was run by a serious network of greedy officials with mob ties). he was the first American reporter to be killed on U.S. soil in retaliiation for his work. that is your AZ history lesson for the day. camus kicks ass, that is all.
5	Two words- grilled pears. In the words of Rachel Ray- YUMMO. Go here...you'll enjoy it!!!
4	A little piece of Scottsdale hotel bar minus the attitude....Review of drinks only....I find this to be one of the better bars in Central Phoenix.  Trendy space.  Cool red lighting.  Great, friendly service.  Good drinks.  Not much to complain about here.  They actually have a modest yet cool drink list, but not much to offer regarding gin.  Sorry, gin lovers...lol.  Drinks are generous.  Bonnie could probably fit her face in a martini glass.A friend who works in north Phoenix routinely recommends his discerning colleagues stay at the Clarendon.  Distance is not an issue, apparently. Not familiar with the hotel rooms ...although I've looked at the model rooms and they look WAY Gen-X chic.I've been here on other occasions - last time was more of a gay crowd, (Thursdays are ad agency industry night) but other times - NOT at all.  That's part of the egalitarian Central Phoenix culture.  Not much of a surprise if you frequent places in the neighborhood.Cute patio for smoking.  Good to note, post May 1,2007.
3	I don't share the enthusiasm for Camus as the past reviewers. While I agree with them on the food, it is top-notch, the service wasn't all that when I stopped in for dinner. We sat at the bar and were half-heartedly greeted by the bartender with an attitude. My friend loves Chambord so we asked him what he could make to which he rolled his eyes and only offered a French Martini. This was surprising because I had heard from friends how the bartenders were creative and extremely knowledgable. And although it wasn't crowded, it took an extra long time for us to receive our food. He didn't even bring our salads out first! He waited to bring them ourwith the main meals. I plan to give this trendy place a second change because I did love our entrees and everyone just raves about Camus. Hopefully the waiter from hell has moved onto work at Denny's.
4	g00d motr re virfeew when i sober up....ok long story I found out this bar/food is now called C4 read the more sobered up review there...VP
5	My boyfriend and I went here for a romantic dinner and it was awsome!  I would definitly go back.  Our service was excellent and the food was very good too.
