3	New grocery store on Park Road in a convenient location! It's clean and open. The staff are very friendly!Their carts have a store map on them...pretty nice if you aren't familiar with the store. The produce looks good. The seafood selection is small, but fresh.When you go to shop, don't forget to bring your own bag!
4	A great improvement over the Bi-Lo that used to be here.The meat section is impressive, possibly better than Harris Teeter.  And I got the most amazing (seeded) giant grapes, a kind I look for every spring and haven't had in a while.  They even have a gluten free section with a variety of cool snacks and frozen foods.The layout of the store makes more sense than a lot of places and it keeps bringing me back.  Not to mention the steaks, produce and sexy voice of the automatic check out machine.  I think she was in Bladerunner.
4	I have been gretzing and moaning about grocery stores since I moved to Charlotte. The field is pretty much dominated by Harris Teeter (yes, I am aware of why that is) and while I do appreciate the Teets, I am grocery-spoiled and like to be able to shop around. Sure there is Bi-Lo and Food Lion, but I swore off buying non-processed food at the latter when I lived next to one in college and the only information I have on the former is that my coworker got mugged there.Enter Bloom.Their produce section was considerably larger and more rationally priced than my HT (which is not the best of its brand but is a mile from my house). Their store brand items cover more than just the basics and are delicious (I highly recommend the Hot Fire Roasted Salsa!). There was a wide selection of every item the impending taco night required and the 93% lean ground beef was fresh AND on sale. Their beer selection is nothing to scoff at, covering what my HT does and then some. And guys, holy cats, guys...they had a whole section of sour cream! Not just one brand in one size...this alone is enough to ensure I will be back.Is Bloom the best grocery store I have ever been in. No. Methinks Wegmans will forever hold that title, but you will definitely see me and my glossy new Breeze Card around those parts again.
3	I was looking forward to Bloom coming to inner Charlotte and was hoping it would be with the self-scanning guns, because guns are cool (heh heh). But they clearly phased that out and have plenty of checkout lines and plenty more than they need because they are never busy when I go there.Anyway when I brought my husband, he said I can't figure out if this is an organic grocer or a place where really poor people shop. Eh?They don't have the same ol same ol layout which is nice. The aisles are wide and well organized. They have a nice meat/deli section. They even have a gluten free section!! However, despite the nice looking produce section, it lacks the selection and especially organic selection that overpriced Harris Teeter has. It's sad when I have to go to East Blvd HT for more organic (even bananas!). Why can there not be a one stop shop in this town??? Anyway they do have a tremendously heavily stocked selection, and many affordable brands (hence the poor comment and maybe some holdovers from Bi-Lo days).  Their cheese selection isn't great, but they have wider selection in other categories. I really want this to be my store, but without the organic fruit/veg selection, no can do amigo. Dear Bloom, Please improve so I don't have to drive all the way to Southpark and spend 2X what I want to!! I'd be most grateful, XOXO Jules.
3	I have a love/hate relationship with Bloom but the loves outweigh the hates.....Love*They put maps on the carts!*Cheap subs every day ($2.99 I believe and you can get a wrap instead of a bun)*Very clean*They offer many natural, gluten free, vegan stuff. I'm not necessarily labeled as any of those but I still think that's cool*Holy produce selection batman!*You can get drunk at Ed's then stumble over to Bloom and drunk shop (or am I the only one who does this??)*The big huge cart in the front of the parking lot*Bloom. It just sounds like a happy placeHate*They seem to have many items out of stock, no matter what time of day I go*The cashiers seemed to be a little too self absorbed, pair that up with  lack of personality and um, no.*The parking scheme. I don't know why it bothers me but it does*Some sketchers frequent there but then again, they contribute to good people watching so this could also be a love.I go to Bloom but I still miss Bi-Lo.
4	I wish I was in a position to shop at Earthfare all the time or lived in a world where Trader Joe's does fresh produce well.  Unfortunately these options aren't feasible and I'm left (typically) choosing between the consistently jam-packed Harris Teeter on East Blvd or some of it's less enjoyable competitors.  I'm really into this Bloom right now.  Previously I was a hater because I'd visited a few months before and couldn't seem to find the products I wanted.  I don't know if they changed up their mix or I just wasn't looking hard enough but my impressions have changed!  The Park Rd Bloom is on my favorite stretch of Park Rd near Sunset Grille, Ru Sans, and Ed's Tavern.  Nestled quietly behind Ed's there is always ample parking and wide, unobstructed aisles.  Their fresh section is pretty large and they have a good amount of vegetarian and organic options.  Most every section has a portion designated for natural and organic foods.  That is nice for me, being a dabbler in natural and veg versus full blown granola.  The store personnel are friendly and I am under the impression that prices are a little less than Harris Teeter.  The store itself is clean and well laid out and their beer section is great - you can even make your own 6 pack!
4	First, I am sad.  After finding Bloom I read an article that says in a few months they are going to become Food Lion...womp womp.But, until then it will be my go to Grocery store!  Since moving here I've tried Harris Teeter (ok, but expensive for some stuff), Bi-Lo - ghetto, Food Lion - suspect, and I think that's it!  I came upon Bloom one day and was so happy!  I grew up in Upstate NY where Hannaford rules, turns out they own bloom and their store brand is Hannaford, it's like i'm home again!The store is set up well and the meat selection is the best I've seen since coming to Charlotte. Will definitely be going there until it makes the change to Food Lion!
3	first timer at bloom and i like it. its decently priced and the produce seemed pretty fresh and in good condition. i didnt know this was part of the food lion chain since im not from here. it seems a tad bit pricey but living in this area i dont have many cheaper alternatives like a bilo or food lion. the meat section was a bit small for me. everything else they had what i needed and i bought me some cheeriwine!
3	Not my favorite grocery store, but I love the set up of the store.
4	Ugh.  So Bloom is owned by Food Lion--except Bloom is the non-ghetto version that was meant to compete with Harris Teeter.  The problem is that some brainiac at the Food Lion corporate office decided that Bloom was no longer to be.  Thus--all Blooms are now Food Lions.  This location has been undergoing the ghettoization to turn it from a pleasant market-style layout to a straight forward aisle by aisle grocery store.  It's almost like they've strategically placed dirt and goop to give it that Food Lion feel.  I'll be shopping at the Harris Teeter up the road from now on.  Sad, because Bloom was such a great palce.
2	I was so sad when I learned Bloom was changing to Food Lion.  Not a fan of them removing some of the products, and not a fan of the new layout either.  I go here because its close and still cheaper than Harris Teeter, but I definitely can't buy all my groceries here because of the lack of selection.
4	Quick, Convenient, and Reliable.What else can you you say?  This Food Lion is located at a convenient spot at the end of Tremont Road where Park Road starts commercial.  It's great for locals to the Park Rd/SouthEnd/Dilworth area and stock all the major stuff.  It isn't overly huge and maintains to have reasonable traffic so it's not long lines but I never really leave there wishing they had something else.  Many grocery stores get too luxurious and compromise selection.  This isn't the case.
2	The staff is rude and the music is too loud.  On numerous occasions I've had to bag my own groceries.  Most of the cashiers act as if you are an inconvenience to them.  The man who works in produce and the bakery people seem to be the only helpful people in the store.  The cakes are better than Harris Teeter and sometimes the location is more convenient for me.  Other than that, this place is pretty bad.  The employees and selection of products were far better when this was Bloom.  The products, staff and enviroment don't even compare to Harris Teeter.
4	A convenient and conventional grocery store near a place we rented in the Dillworth neighborhood. Had a decent selection of items that fit our needs, as well as self-checkout capability. We visited at least twice, and had no trouble parking or dealing with crowds at checkout.
2	This store is in a perfect location and is usually well stocked. However those are the only pluses. The produce usually goes bad within a day or two of purchasing it. Berries that are completely molded from top to bottom the day after I buy them. The bagged salad no matter what the date on the bag says is mush within a day. Also the store always seems understaffed. You have to wait forever to either check out or get help from customer service. At least the staff is friendly...
