5	The food is very good and reasonably priced. It was a little difficult to find but worth the trouble.  It was very clean and airconditioned, which is important to me. The staff was very friendly and helpful.  It also didn't hurt that the guy at the register, Paul, was really cute.  Overall, I say this place is a must try.
5	This place is awesome!  The food is always delicious and incredibly fresh.  Their chili rellenos are have a unique twist that really made them stand out for me.  The horchata is home made and very good.  Actually, everything appears to be home made right there when you order.  The service is always great, and the other reviewer was right - Paul (the guy at the counter) is really cute and very nice!
5	So happy I discovered this place!  Found through the Eat24 website when looking for Mexican food restaurant that delivered in the area.  The food is really good and excellent prices for everything I've tried so far.  I don't speak Spanish so the menu is a little confusing, but still I've found some favorites and plan to try more.  Have only used the delivery service but plan to eat at restaurant soon.  Delivery is always on time and efficient.  American dishes (fish burger, cheeseburger, etc. all really good) as well as their Mexican food.  They also charge the least for delivery with the lowest order minimum requirement.  Love this place!
2	The food is good but not the best food there is.  I had ordered for delivery.  I was told it would be about 30 min.  An hour after I had ordered my food I decided to call to find out what was going on since it was taking longer than told.  The guy that answered the phone said that they had gotten busy...  Ok, they did have my cell phone number so they could have called me!!!  About 20 min later the food came. Once the food was being delivered, the delivery guy kept calling me to ask where I lived because he couldn't find my home.   I had to go outside to basically wave him over.  Sorry,  I will not be getting food from here anytime soon :(
5	great Mexican food that delivers? what more can a single lady ask for?? I love it! as a matter of fact, I'm lovin it right now!
5	Great cheap Mexican food! Love it and they deliver. I feel like their food is really fresh and I really can't say anything bad about this place! The meat is always moist and tender and the veggies are fresh!
2	I ordered delivery today for lunch, as I wasn't getting out of the office before quitting time. I ordered the Asada fries. $9 isn't too shabby for a messy pile of yumminess so I went with it. Plus a $3 delivery charge. Plus a tip. I gave specific instructions on how to get into the building, and where to meet me. I paid before my food was delivered with a card - first mistake. The delivery man called me - as requested - stating he was at my location. I looked for him on my floor. Nothing. Then he told me "oh, I'm in the lobby - I won't come up to your floor - I'm too busy." Ummmm... Ok? I gave a hefty tip for you to BRING ME the food I ordered. Nearly 100% of my tab! So I go to the lobby to pick up my own food. The delivery man said he was busy, and didn't want to go through the scanners. Ok. At least TELL someone that beforehand. Customer service. You know, making sure the customer is happy? Apparently customer service must be dead... Right along with chivalry.Get back to my office, and my order is wrong - I received nachos, not Asada fries. *sigh* On the plus side, the food was decent. So 1 star for shoddy service, and a +1 for good food. That's all I can give, here.
5	What  can I said one of the best places to eat real mexican food at the best prices in town also get catering and great customer service
5	My boyfriend and I live right by this place. We took a while to try it out but we are glad we did. Their burritos are really good and come with a small bag of chips. I would recommend giving it a try
5	Great food at a great price. Love the 95 cent tacos. Good environment, overall very pleased.
4	There was a little 'oops' with the order (it was split in two) and the person on the phone spoke very little English to help.The food was very good. Nice sized portions. Good flavor and delivered in their proper container (meaning it wasn't all spilled out every where)Will definitely use them again!
5	AWESOME PLACE!! they have great food great prices and wonderful customer service I have ordered a couple times from them and I am very pleased the food is delivered hot and fast. I ordered tonight online at Eat24 and it was late so the delivery date defaulted for tomorrow, they called me to confirm if that was correct when I told them no I its for tonight, they said no problem and they still deliver to me after their closing time. What great people and the delivery guy had a smile on his face. I have found a new place to eat with a big variety & super yumny food. Highly recommended!
5	AMAZINGGreat food and great service.Good delivery time, food was hot and fresh.
