1	OOOHHHH Tropical Sno I had such high hopes for you, yet i was very let down!.  After spending over a week in Kauai and eating more shave ice (not shaved ice) than is humanly possible, i know what good and great shave ice should taste like.  The ice should be as fine as snow  and melt effortlessly the second it hits the tongue. Not crunchy and chewable like a sno cone. Its should be dense enough to hold up to the flavoring and not implode the second it is handed to you because it wasn't packed well. The flavors should be pleasantly sweet and somewhat natural.  You should be able to identify what flavors were actually added to the shave ice. The flavors here were sickly sweet, with artificial sweet being all you could taste.  The cream topping should subtly enhance  the overall flavor with a hint of coconut not drown it in a sea of sugar (If it was coconut cream its news to me, but the sign only said cream topping).Great shave ice makes you crave a second one, bad shave ice gets thrown away!Neither me or my hubby liked this place at all and we specifically searched this place out so we have a little taste of Kauai again.  The entire trip home (all 19 miles of it) all we could talk about was how horrible this shave ice was and that we need to open up our own shave ice company.
1	OOOHHHH Tropical Snow I had such high hopes for you, yet i was very let down!.  After spending over a week in Kauai and eating more shave ice (not shaved ice) than is humanly possible, i know what good and great shave ice should taste like.  The ice should be as fine as snow  and melt effortlessly the second it hits the tongue. Not crunchy and chewable like a sno cone. Its should be dense enough to hold up to the flavoring and not implode the second it is handed to you because it wasn't packed well. The flavors should be pleasantly sweet and somewhat natural.  You should be able to identify what flavors were actually added to the shave ice. The flavors here were sickly sweet, with artificial sweet being all you could taste.  The cream topping should subtly enhance  the overall flavor with a hint of coconut not drown it in a sea of sugar (If it was coconut cream its news to me, but the sign only said cream topping).Great shave ice makes you crave a second one, bad shave ice gets thrown away!Neither me or my hubby liked this place at all and we specifically searched this place out so we have a little taste of Kauai again.  The entire trip home (all 19 miles of it) all we could talk about was how horrible this shave ice was and that we need to open up our own shave ice company.
2	Been here 3 times in the month and have had a different experience each time. E.G., Older guy talks to you , younger staff, ( either sex) tend to communicate in a perfunctory manner so it's not the great service one goes for.Onto the ice itself,First two visits was an improvement over the usual attempt at  shave ice in Phoenix and the spread of the syrup and retention till the end were pretty good. Today's made it half-way down  then ice all the way and the visit prior was close to that too. Tropical sno's flavors aren't that subtle , not  a huge fan of the insulated cups for the larger sizes which seems to be an issue with how the ice on the bottom  freezes into bigger lumps that doesn't happen on the smaller plastic cup.   Maybe a 3 on a good day but not much more.  While it takes not much more effort to get this right I'm betting you can' t do it within the contstraints of a franchise..
5	Love this place :)
5	Best Shave Ice around!
3	So many flavors, how can I possibly choose the one?! Guess I'll have to keep coming back to try them all!The only thing is I wish they had two employees. It gets busy so you have to wait a long time .... and the prices are kind of high. Its tasty, but really,  its shaved ice. .. and this is Arizona.
1	I have been going here for years and the service is been on the downhill for some time. i got a coupon on google offers for buy one get one free and when i went to redeem it the employee said that it was a fake coupon and acted like i was trying to scam him. I showed him the e-mail I received with the coupon and he said anyone can do that. He was extremely rude and therefore my family has stopped patronizing this establishment. Bottom line is they charge way too much for ice and artificial flavoring especially since the service is lacking.
4	I have only recently sampled and become a big fan of shaved ice. I immediately liked it when I tried it,, that was at a competitor in tempe. which I rate highly, This place is a LOT closer to home, phoenix, phx so of course easier to transport to and from.The is is fantastic,  good choice on flavors. The only thing the competition has that this place does not is a place to sit and eat.They actually have a good idea in that once you use a debit card there, you can later pay using your smart phone.I think they do a excellent job, just wish there was some where to sit down, the little seating there is fills quickly.
4	The owner has contacted me and attempted to make things right after a Google Offers coupon was put out fraudulently by someone other than Tropical Sno. I attempted to use this coupon and was denied, which was upsetting, because my whole family loves their icy treats. I appreciate his willingness to accommodate my family and because of this we will give Tropical Sno another go.
5	This place is amazing! The ice is so soft & not crunchy & flavorless like most. The flavor doesn't sink the ice like a typical sno cone. My favorite is cherry. Great customer service & prices too!!!
4	It's not just ice, it's an EXPERIENCE (:Only complaint is the long lines during summertime, but given the quality of their cold, delicious treats, it's completely understandable.
5	OMG I have lived on this side of town all of my life and I even went to PV High which is right across the street and I am just now experiencing this place!  what is wrong with me!!Went here and got a large (which is gigantic) grape with vanilla ice cream and the cream on top.  whole this was devoured and left me wanting to go back the next day.  This is a great little summer treat place to go get something cold to relieve yourself from the 1000 degree days!  I will be back for sure!
5	No complaints this way! My boyfriend and I were visiting from Dallas and had to stop! Lauren was super badass and suggested some amazing flavors. A must try!
