3	This location of Firestone is always busy. I have been here a couple of times for inspections but I don't trust them to make car repairs. (They kind of have a bad reputation for trying to sell you repairs/service that may not really be needed.) But, I think they are ok for doing inspections. They are pretty slow, so I would recommend planning to  leave your vehicle.  Since its in the Arbo, there are plenty of restaurants & shops within walking distance to keep you busy while they get around to doing your inspection.
5	I initially spoke to Julie on the phone about a lifetime alignment. She provided me with a great price and very helpful information. I also spoke to the manager Charlie and explained how meticulous I was about my car. He completely understood and had confidence in his employees to perform my alignment without any issues. I came in Sunday and spoke to David who was extremely professional. The technician Scott educated me on the alignment specification and proved to be very knowledgeable. I would definitely recommend this location to anyone.
1	Took Expedition in for inspection.  Got the call that everything passed except for front ball joints.... Cost???  $645!!!  Ball joints from Autozone cost $34 each.  I asked the mechanic doing the inspection how far out of spec the joints were... He couldn't give me a spec... Only that in his opinion, it was too loose.  I told them I would get the work done myself, citing the cost of the ball joints, to which he replied, "well, we're not the lowest cost on the block.". I got the joints replaced for 1/5 of the estimate from Firestone.... And 2 mechanics that I went to both indicated they would not have failed the inspection for those joints.So here is the point... My experience with this shop might be out of the ordinary, but it is the experience you dread when taking your automobile in for a mandated inspection.  My advice is to get a second opinion when a shop like this springs something like this on you.  Unfortunately, most people just pay the price and go on.  If you are able to get a second opinion, I would encourage it.The workers at this shop are friendly.  Like I said, I hope my experience was an anomaly... But I won't be back, even though the location is very convenient to where I live. Btw... The truck passed inspection when I took it back in.
4	So I've heard negative things about this location but I'm used to taking my car to Firestone in general so I came here. Firstly they finished my car a lot faster then they quoted and the guys were really nice! They did come back saying my car needed a break fluid flush for 109$ which with everything I've heard and read I said no to. I just use Firestone for oil changes and that's what this review is about so I give them a high rating!!I've also looked into it and turns out they say my break pads are fine and it's probably that I need them bled which the flush would take care of and I would come out a lot cheaper! So I definitely give them a great rating :-)
3	Ok so I must drop these guys down a star! I can only assume I didn't notice this sooner due to all the rain we've been having but my car was leaking oil from the hood of of the car. I noticed as I was leaving work last night, so I called Firestone and headed over there. I was extremely upset when I was originally told on the phone the couldn't look at it until the next day even thought they didn't close for 2 hours. However I was visibly upset when I git there so they checked it out ASAP and discovered the technician hadn't closed my oil cap. Seriously?? Anyways they were nice about it and I kept my anger in check and everything was cleaned up and fixed. I also got a coupon for a free oil change although I'm unsure I want to use it lol. So I deduct one star for the incident and not two because once I got there they handled things very well.
1	This location does not know the meaning of customer service.  I took my car to have a simple oil change and was told that they do not take walk ins after 3:00PM.  I asked if I could make an appointment for an afternoon after I got off work and was told that I could not even make and appointment for an oil change after 3:00PM, but I could leave me car for the next day.  I questioned this as many people work and have only one vehicle.  I was told that they just had "too much traffic" at this location to take an appointment after 3:00PM.  I called and spoke to someone in the main Firestone office who said that this was completely untrue and they would talk with this location and I should not have a problem the next time I tried to get my oil changed or make a late afternoon appointment, but the next time I tried nothing had changed.  I guess this location only services those folks who don't work, work from home or want to take time off from work to get their car serviced.  The manager at the front desk told me it is unfair to his employees to take cars after 3:00PM.  What about fair consumers.  Sadly this location is the most convenient for me, but I will not be able to do business with them.
1	Can't believe I have to give one star. Went to have my vehicle inspected which isn't a big issue at all. But man they wanted to gouge me for everything you could imagine. And asking me to replace my wiper blades because they would fail when I had just replaced them that morning. I won't be going back and I only went there because it was close and convenient.
1	STAY AWAY! STAY AWAY! STAY AWAY!Every. Single. Time. Anyone in my family or I have taken our vehicles in to get work done, they do a horrible job, and then somehow something else goes wrong that hadn't previously been wrong. One time our battery died magically because the workers left our lights on, so we got a free battery out of it. I guess I can commend them for realizing it was their fault and fixing it for free, but their way of business is to replace whatever needs to be replaced with crappy parts and they charge you an arm and a leg for it all. This is absolutely the worst car shop in Charlotte.
