1	Nothing special. Greasy Greek food just like you'd find at Arahova or Marathon at twice the price. Annoyingly loud music, like they're desperately trying to create an atmosphere from nothing. Not planning to go back there.
5	Let me start out by saying I am a picky eater and NOT a fan of Greek food. I was forced to go by my husband! I've been to souvlaki bar twice and the difference between the first and second times is worlds apart. The first time we went they had been open only a few days and everything needed improvement. The first time the food was too dry or too oily or too tough....We went again last night and everything was amazing! We started with the 3 dips and the taramasalata (fish roe spread) was perfect, the tzatzki was okay (it's a personal preference to be made with sour cream) but i found the kopanisti (spicy feta) too liquidy. The fried calamari with the house sauce is fantastical. We were also served fried feta in phyllo dough covered in Greek honey and sesame seeds. I wasn't a fan but I do not like honey at all. The other 3 in our party loved it! The salad was amazing. Mini tomatoes, feta, and the perfect mix of herbs and oil. We got a mixed plate of meats that were perfectly cooked.  The lamb chops were excellent (I didn't try the other meats but everyone else said the pork, chicken, and sausage were excellent). I also tried Zeus fries which is thick cut fries with feta and tzatzki! Omg to die for! The "Athena" drink I had was incredible! Great I want to go back now for those fries and that drink!
4	Stumbled here while looking for dinner during a weekend trip to Montreal and we were staying in Laval. It is in the Centropolis plaza and we thought this was an interesting restaurant, so we stopped in. We were pleasantly surprised. Our waitress, Lisa, was the nicest person we have ever met! She took her time to explain the menu and recommended awesome drinks. Never did she get rude or become inpatient. We ordered the fried calamari appetizer and the meat shovel (gyro version) the other version is the stick version and the meat is on a stick rather than in pieces. You get an option of a potato with the meat shovel (though it states it serves 2, it definitely can serve 3! The calamari were LARGE and perfectly fried. The meat was alright. I preferred the pork and chicken over the sausage and hamburger meat. We chose roasted potatoes, and that was pretty good as well. Souvlaki Bar has a great atmosphere for the weekend as it was packed and lively! Their drinks were also pretty potent! The meat shovel also comes with 2 pitas which were soft and fluffy. Parking may be difficult to find in this plaza as we were only able to find a spot all the way across the plaza. It was also a very cold night so if they start to valet (maybe it's an American thing), it would be amazing.Overall we had a great time, highly recommend.
