5	Hello my name is Beth and I have been a client of Risa's for over 7 years. I have and will continue to follow her to any shop she uses. She is excellent at keeping my strands of grey hair blonde. And keeping my kinky hair straight. The shop is pleasant with a very open atmosphere. I'm not all cramped seated by the person getting their hair done next to me. If fact I will see her tomorrow and I'm looking forward to it. That is the way it should be, and honestly that is the way it is.
5	I bought a promotional card for this spa for a really good deal which made me skeptical about this place so I scheduled my facial appointment and here's what  I thought:This spa has a pretty convenient location behind Fleming's.  Parking was very easy.  Upon entering are some seat's, cafe, and stations.  I wasn't greeted immediately which made me confused about where I should go but when the receptionist did greet me she was friendly and offered me a beverage.I didn't wait long for the aesthetician, Elna.  She was so adorable and sweet.  She did such a great job with my mini 30 minute facial.  I felt really pampered and relaxed.  Her table was so comfortable, I wanted to fall asleep.  I definitely would come back to her.I'm looking forward to getting my next service done, which will be a haircut, petite manicure, and deluxe spa pedicure.  The hairdresser and manicurist sounds really nice over the phone so we'll see.  I'm excited!
5	I have very tender skin which means that bikini waxing is not one of my favorite things to do.  I had heard about sugaring, a different type of hair removal that is supposed to be easier on the skin and less painful.  Katia was FANTASTIC!  Her room was roomy, the table was comfy and the music was soothing.  My bikini area doesn't look puffy and irritated and I didn't experience the high degree of pain that comes with waxing that region.  Katia was professional and explained everything to me before beginning the treatment.  I actually look forward to my next session with her!
5	This salon is as good as it gets. It's huge, swanky, and stylish! It's got great ambiance and it's nice and clean. They offer every service possible along with unexpected amenities such as coffee, snacks and computers. Lots of seating and mags for bystanders. I come here habitually to see my stylist Amanda. She's a sassy perfectionist who is sure to deliver what you want! The prices are comparable to any higher end salon but not outrageous. Come in for a new you.
1	For my technician she gets a 5 star everytime ... She is fast yes meticulous ... A wonderful woman ... This review is strictly for body spas environment ! The owner of this establishment has literally taken a classy upscale salon/spa and turned it into squat! She literally has so many technicians... Boutique items and psychic nonsense stuffed into one room that it's uncomfortable.. I hope she gets it into gear bc I heard several complaints about the space while I was there ... And the sentiment was shared among many!!
4	I love this place!I was in the vegas area and wanted a hair cut. Found a coupon on groupon for a haircut with Jeremy. At first, I thought this place was just a hair salon. BUT IT's NOT! It' s like a one stop beauty salon. You can have a hair cut, mani/pedi, or a massage or both! and there's so much space, so it's really huge!I requested Jeremy to give me long layers and he did. In fact he did even more, he did what's called "seenless" layers where you can decide to show all your layers or make your hair look like  it's one length. Jeremy gave me a good head message during my wash,he also massaged my head while he was cutting. Unfortunately I wanted to try their mani/pedi spas but didnt have the time.All in all, I love this place and if you are looking for a great hairstylist, go to Jeremy. If I ever come back to Las Vegas and want to get pampered, I'll go here.
5	Vegas!I'm here twice a month to get to nails did! Yes, I'm super happy here!I'll drive the distance just to see my nail tech, since I live way up north now.Really big facility with lots to offer!If you're looking to get your hair or nails done... stop by and get your fix!-Miss Yelp 2011
5	Just had my hair done at the Body Spa in Summerlin. This Salon is so amazing! I went to Jessica McCandless. She was so patient and helpful with me. My hair is so shiney and my color and cut was exactly what I wanted.  I will be back soon.
5	Jessica McCandless is my stylist and she rocks! She is a top colorist and loves to play with color. I highly recommend her! She recently moved from Scandals Salon to Body Spa West and I followed her without thinking twice. You can reach her at 702-378-7361. I have only used Jessica's services and had lunch at the cafe (the chicken salad is really good) so I can't really rate the salon other than it is huge with all sorts of services and boutiques. It is clean and friendly.
5	Loving Body Spa West. I'm a natural hair girl and Brian is the man to see.  His studio is private, immaculate, great products and very professional.  He is a multicultural stylist.  His shampoo is fantastic!  He has a great personality and makes you feel very comfortable.
4	I got a facial by Violeta using a groupon "now" deal. It was a great facial and Violeta was very nice and knowledgeable. My skin feels great and I hope to go back soon!  I recommend Violeta!
5	I am writing this review to RAVE about DINA ANDERSON;  manicures, pedicures.  DINA's contact number is (702) 496-4422.I have been going to Dina for manicures and pedicures for over seven years.  (52x7=354 appointments). Thank goodness I found her seven years ago.  Thank goodness Dina continues to be THE BEST professional she can be.  Dina is respectful of her clients' daily and weekly schedules and confidentiality.  Her work ethic is admirable:  honest, supportive, respectful, punctual, and caring.  Body Spa West is extremely fortunate that Dina is now working in their salon on West Charleston behind Flemmings.
1	This place is a HOT MESS. Don't waste your time. - I waited at the counter for 10 minutes before I was helped (And the receptionist had left her old half eaten salad from lunch sitting on the counter. yum- Its a huge maze and when the girl who was doing my manicure finally came to get me she led me back into a dark little room that literally looked like a closet. I had a headache from the fumes within minutes. - She took my credit card after telling me she prefers cash and then used some janky thing on her old iphone to run my credit card... SKETCHY. She did ok. Nothing noteworthy... I think I'd prefer going to a pet groomer next time.
5	This is a great place to go. Shelena gives a great head message and is very well diverse in her hair styling. Separate room so you don't hear everyone else's problems. By far my favorite.
5	This salon/ spa is beautiful!  It is absolutely massive.  I suppose one potential drawback is you could get lost; however, there is always a friendly face at the front desk to assist you.  I have partaken in waxing and haircut and hair color services.  My stylist, Amanda is excellent.    She is a sassy perfectionist who make your swivel chair time enjoyable.  Body spa offers every amenity you can imagine and more.  There is free WiFi and laptops for internet surfing and yelping.  There is water and coffee. There is a full snack bar with goodies and sandwiches.  There are loads of delightful rag mags and ottomans to put your feet up while under the dryer.  I highly recommend this place to attend to your personal grooming in comfort and style.
1	I got a deal on Groupon for $75 cut and color...The place is huge and the front desk is really nice...But do not get your hair done by James!! I did dye my hair black 2 days prior and wanted it red, he told me he would have to strip the black out with bleach. Well he left me under the dryer with bleach in my hair for 45 minutes!! Which I later found out is a big NO-NO!! My new hair stylist said he should have refused to do it because of the damage it would cause. He did not warn me of any damage, only if I went blonde?!?! Which doesnt make any sense you are still bleaching my hair!! But what do I know about hair, that's why I go to the pro's right? A couple days later I washed my hair out, it felt like stringy jelly...I let it air dry and i wanted to cry!! My hair fell out and stood up like Dragon Ball Z, you cant even run your fingers through it !! I can pass for an african american no joke!! Not to mention the color didnt even stick it lasted 2 weeks tops!! Its been 2 months now...my new hair stylist across from red rock casino (Viva Salon) her name is Jenny she is awesome and honest...she said she never seen anything like this!! The other hair stylists came to my chair just to touch it?!?! I been doing the moroccan oil treamtents every 2 weeks which is helping a little bit but not much..I had to cut my hair off just to look normal and wear extensions with a hat over it or my hair will stick up out of the extensions...DONT go to JAMES, he just wants to take your money and RUN!**update 1/12/15So it's been a little over 2 years now. 5,000+ bucks later in hair extensions and treatments over the last couple years and I still can't get over it... My hair is finally at shoulders length...not what it used to be before this guy butchered it, but I'll take what I can get. Definitely learned my lesson here, who knew hair can actually cause such a life-changing experience, and  severe trust issues lol? Bright side, if this never happened to me, I would have never found Viva Salon..been going ever since, and never letting anyone else touch my hair..PS: The girls at Viva Salon still remember my first visit with them as "The girl that walked in that day from Body Spa West" **Tragedy**
5	I just had a facial with Donna Kris. She is an esthetician and I also believe she is a massage therapist too. She specializes in mature skin and with clients who have cancer. I knew that she would be able to take care of me because I have very sensitive skin.Her room is so beautiful and peaceful and her bed was comfy too. I hate it when the bed is too hard! Her products are very light and clean and that is what my skin needs.Before starting the facial she took a good amount of time to completely analyze my skin, which was nice.She gave a wonderful massage with my facial, I never wanted it to end. I will definitely come back to her for more facials.
5	Go see Heather G. Heather has cut my hair for about a year and I'll never go anywhere else. She cuts it exactly how I like it, is conversational and friendly, is thorough and client-centered, and to top it all off she doesn't charge an arm and a leg.She does such a great job, I drive clear across town to see her!
5	I came here because i had to get my lashes done. This place is super awesome. If i knew about this place before i would've came here to get my lashes done before. The customer service is great and seems like everyone that works there is super friendly with clients and co-workers. I had my lashes done by a person name T. My eyelash extentions turned out sooooo pretty and natural looking. I would definately come back here.
5	Kimmie Carlson is a pro at cutting, coloring and styling hair.  I have been going  to Kimmie for a year and I love the way she listens to me and suggests ways to make my hair look the best.  If you are looking for a great personable stylist who wants your hair to be its best, then book with Kimmie!
5	James Sinor has been styling & coloring my hair for over 10 years. He's taken my hair  from dark brown to red to light blond and finally to light brown and from long hair to very short & everything in-between. I've followed him to several salons -- not because I'm a stalker, just because he is THAT good. I love the setting at Body Spa West and especially the private styling room that James and his equally talented wife Gaye Amussen share. I'd recommend either of them to anyone at any time.
5	My hair is so smooth and nice now .. My hair cut is super cute and perfect .. Love this place .. Thank you Robert Sabatino
5	Sheila is awesome. She cuts and colors my hair perfectly every time. Love her!!!
4	I'm here every six weeks religiously for years now to get my hair done.  The place is the big daddy of salons I must say.  It is two stories of every spa service you can imagine.  I wonder how many technicians they have because there are so many stations and I've only seen the first floor. As you walk in you are pleasantly greeted by a receptionist who I just bypass anymore because I know where I'm going.  However the reception area is a place where you can purchase drinks and snacks (a nice little touch) and you can access the internet at the bar as well.On a side note the floors are very slippery here for some reason.  I'm always watching how I walk so I don't land on my ass in front of all these people. LOL  Some of the dryers are located by a back door that people are regularly in and out of.  So depending on the weather that could be a good or bad thing because you get a burst of wind sweeping past you hot or cold.Crystal Nordstrom is my hairdresser and has been doing my hair years prior to her working here.  She is amazing and great with color.  I regularly get asked who does my color which is always a great thing!  The only downside to this place is the parking.  There are so many people that work here and so many people in and out sometimes I've had to park at a restaurant nearby.  Which isn't really too far but its not really in front of the salon.  They wouldn't have much control of that other than limiting the technicians that they have but at the rate they are going that's not gonna happen.  Big money maker.  Kudos to Body Spa!  They have a good thing going and continue to grow.  I've been seeing a lot of other locations popping up.  One day maybe all salons will be Body Spa.  Oh my!  LOL
5	Peter Ho Nail TechnicianI am very fussy about my nails and have been going to Peter for about ten years. His nails are always perfect, I get so many compliments on them. Peter is very charming and accommodating. His prices are reasonable. He has a private room towards the back and it's quiet and relaxing.
5	The monstrosity of salons. The Body Spa West is two stories of extreme beauty fixes. I get my hair and nails done here and have NEVER had a bad experience! Kudos to the owners for creating heaven on earth.
4	Beautiful cut and color. Loved that their space was a cozy quiet spot off to the side out of the crazy madness of that giant salon. Pleasant and friendly. This cut made my day and made me feel good again. Thank you James!
5	Go see Heather G! She's cut my hair the last few times and I won't go anywhere else .. She does a. Ice scalp massage and uses good styling products.
5	I've been going to Gaye for years and like those who find a good stylist.. I've followed her!  Gaye is an expert colorist and I've been through about every possible combination of cuts and colors.  She's always taken her time, made good recommendations and continues working on every meticulous detail until you are happy.She has a cool new curling iron that actually holds a spiral curl in my uber-straight hair which NEVER holds a curl without a LOT of product.  Sometimes I will leave with fun braids, partial up-do, full up-do, etc.   When she doesn't have clients booked back to back (or if I'm the last) if I want something extra done she will always work it in.Gay and James are just all around "good people" who deliver good service and do everything they can to make you walk out smilin'
