4	I'm getting to the stage wherre I'm starting to think bothering about fashion is a bit, for want of a better word, wussy, so thankfully shops like Solo exist to ensure I can go somewhere to buy clothes that look alright without trying too hard, and aren't being worn by people who watch Skins.A nice little independant clothes store, and given that my jeans are literally falling to pieces, a likely stopoff point for me on payday next week.
4	Solo Menswear is for the fashion conscious male and they have a great selection of fashionable, inoffensive guys fashion on offer. When I say inoffensive, I mean that there's not a pair of skinny jeans in sight or Lady Gaga inspired pieces for guys wardrobes. The clothes here a pretty clean cut and rather suave. At the back of the store there's a whole wall dedicated to trainers and I spotted a lot of nice brogues that are a bit more imaginative than the likes of Foot Locker and Foot Asylum etc.They had a couple of nice checked shirts in the window and pretty much all of the threads are designer labels that aren't stocked everywhere such as Religion and Ed Hardy.
5	Like many I consider myself to have an individual-yet-trendy taste when it comes to fashion. After all I live in Edinburgh, a town not exactly shy of a few pretentious trendies, although in fairness it's either get fashionable or end up hanging around Cockburn Street thinking about black and wondering when Fall out Boy's next album is being released!So with the above in mind (the trendies, not the emos!), I tend to venture outwith the norm when it comes to fashion shopping on the Diesel, Lyle & Scott and Superdry-heavy streets of Edinburgh.And that's where Solo comes in.Short of jumping online, Solo should be any self-respecting man's first fashion port of call in the capital. Stocked with a diverse array of trendy-yet-seldom-seen-on-shelf brands such as Rough Justice, Caliban and Villain, also managing to keep the pricing reasonable compared to the likes of say Harvey Nics or Cruise.Definitely aimed at the smarter-dressed man, the size of the place appeals to the wee pretentious twat in me that appreciates the fact that whatever I buy from here won't be seen on every other Tom, Dick and Harry I pass on South Bridge! And the staff are more chatty and down-to-earth than you would expect from a vendor competing with the likes of the aloof Xile and the aforementioned Harveys, easing the minds of the more self-conscious out there.Solo by name, solo by nature. Worth a shout.
