5	Oui oui... So good! Its not a burger joint! we had oysters ( very fresh) snow crab (mmm) and salmon.  Our pairings were Chablis wine and their Beaujolais, and they were both very good.  Its good to see a bar that pays so much attention to the quality if their food.  Ambiance is fun young and hip.  Bartenders and servers are very fun and energetic.  This place just opened up and we were glad to be in town to stop by.  Def... Recommend!!!
4	Great new addition to Montreal food scene. Sitting somewhere between Maison Publique and Dominion Taverne in terms of quality, price and style this is hipster food at a price even the grungiest hipsters can afford. Nothing here is crazy high quality, but the enthusiasm and vibe of the place make up for it. We started with oysters (too big and too creamy and took way too long to get to us - hint, don't have your bartender also be the oyster shucker), but passable. The escargot was your standard buttery affair, but the quality seemed a little higher than most places, the snails big and toothsome and maybe even fresh? The fried quail was bland and boring coming off pretty much as a smashed and deep fried chicken wing. The coup de grace was the hotdog for two - a Lady and the Tramp style weiner big enough for a couple to share absolutely smothered in fried shallots and resting in a butter fried bun. Yum! But, the one thing not to miss is their cream soda cocktail. It's tequila, campari, popcorn bitters and a splash of cream soda. Seriously the best cocktail I've had in a year!
5	Went for drinks. Great ambiance and service and the specialty cocktails were delicious!
5	Two bottles of wine, snails, lobster and fries. All delish. Great service and even better people watching. Roar!
4	Great Cocktails. Friendly Staff.A great little unpretentious "grown up" bar in the heart of the Plateau. All the bartenders seem really adept at actual mixology, and they're really friendly and social. I'd even recommend sitting at the bar and getting to know them so that they can get to know your taste in cocktails.There's also a nice snack menu that includes fresh oysters because, well, it's supposed to be an oyster bar, so if you're into aphrodisiacs from the deep, you'll wanna check that out, too.
5	We arrived when the restaurant was just opening and were warmly greeted by the staff. Being the only clients at the time, we were given the utmost attention. We began with a glass of bubbles and a dozen east coast oysters accompanied by horseradish and a homemade hot sauce... Delicious! This was promptly followed by an order of fiddle heads and bacon, horse tartare, and sea snails.. What more can I say? The food was delicious, the service impeccable, and the drinks fantastic. MAJESTIQUE truly lives up to its name.
5	We happened upon Le Majestique while on an overnight layover from a trip to Kenya. Despite our jet lagged dishevelment, we were warmly welcomed. Our server Benoit was patient in explaining the menu and making some excellent recommendations. We had the house hot dog, in its sculptural and tasty glory, and shared the asparagus salad and smoked fish (a real winner with long breadstick crackers and lemon). Benoit recommended a rose wine that complemented it all. The food was fresh, with inventive twists, presented well, and in a charming atmosphere with vintage plates and posters in the wall. Benoit was also glad to recommend a host of other restaurants and a bit of history in Montreal. It was a wonderful introduction to a lovely city.
5	Popped into Le Masjestique for a quick bite and a drink last night. We had the dozen oysters & the steak salad - both were quite delicious. The interior is great, the staff was super friendly and chatty, I highly recommend this place for a drink and a bite. The hot dog for two looked great - wish we had ordered it.
4	We stumbled on Mystique on our way to the "Big in Japan" bar. I  immediately loved the interior of this place. It takes its cues from a vintage diner, but adds just the right modern touches. I must say the food was pretty good too. I had the Bourgot (snails), the quinoa salad and the salmon with popcorn "salad". Everything was delicious - even the popcorn (which was a little over the top) went well with the salmon and a mustard-y sauce. However I made the mistake of going for a drink that was 75% ice, in a tiki bar-style cup with an umbrella - so SKIP the cocktails and go for some wine or one of the many liquors they have at the bar. Also note that the plates are pretty small (tapas style) and each person should have 2-3 for a full meal.Overall, I think the food, people watching, and interior design of this place definitely warrant a visit.
5	One of the most enjoyable dining experiences I've had in Montreal. Sat at the bar with some friends and loved chatting with Emile. The welk (?) was AMAZING; the beef salad, duck tartare, and oysters were very good as well. Drank shots of whiskey out of a conch shell, which was exactly the kind of night we had hoped for. Great atmosphere, laid back but still classy and cute. Hits every hipster check mark but not pretentious. Literally signed up for Yelp so I could give this place a shoutout. Will definitely be going back. Thanks Emile!
1	Great decor and drinks looked nice. But this is a restaurant, not a bar and I feel it should be reviewed as such. First off, there is no English menu, and when you ask the wait staff for one they will proclaim (triumphantly was it?) that they only have a French menu. I was not offered an apology or an explanation... It's montreal in the summer time, cater to your tourists a bit!The food was uninspired and incredibly over prices. $14 for a scant cup of cold diced steak and some shaved raw veggies? $22 for a hotdog?!? I don't care if it's 12 inches, it is just a hotdog!!Montreal needs more late night eating options but this just fails on so many levels
4	I love the look and feel of this small warm friendly sexy restaurant on St Laurent and Rachel. The staff was funny and welcoming and helpful and made me want to come back often for oysters and cocktails at the bar. The lighting and design is romantic without being fancy, eclectic and history rich without trying too hard. Lots to look at and talk about.The food we tried - especially the raw salmon salad, bean salad and oysters - was delicate and smart and very yummy. I came in starving and did feel like the menu lacked options for food that suited the room: warm, filling, cool, unpretentious. Lots of small plates at fairly high prices when I was there but I think they change it up often, and anyway the clean bright tastes and the completely perfect cocktail made for me based on a description of how I was feeling by a handsome happy gent who didn't miss a beat all night will bring me back again for sure.
3	- loud but good with lots of friend- decor was good.- nice cocktail selection.... no food really.- service is poor... our guy brought the bottle of wine but forgot to uncork if for 15mins. It was just sitting there.- likewise... ignored for most of the night- when we left some of us decided to give a limited tip of 10% due to what happened ... our server finally paid attention to us, suggesting after looking at the receipt that the tip was not included already.- honestly it wasn't that busy and it was late at night.
5	Great oysters (given what's available in Montreal in October). Awesome atmosphere. Good wine.
4	Really enjoyed Le Majestique. The food was really good (even though I am not the biggest fan of tapas) and the drinks were delicious.I really like the atmosphere here, and the staff are amazing. Will definitely go back again.
4	Very fun and lively place. Food is absolutely delicious, service is witty and attentive. Menu is short, but who cares, when it is so well done? The wine list is original, and well priced. Not the place for a quiet date, but certainly a great spot to unwind!
4	Wow. Excellent atmosphere. Good drink selection (even if Canada hasn't embraced America's IPA). Only had one dish, a seaweed tart, but it was absolutely fantastic (think improved Philadelphia roll delivered via tart sans salmon).This place is cozy. In a good way cozy. It is absolutely wonderful.
3	I absolutely loved the setup and overall atmosphere. Although I wasn't too impressed by the food - which felt a little overpriced and tasted just OK, this is definitely a great place for drinks and oysters for a festive evening.
