5	I was in Vegas for the weekend, and drove by Floss...I saw that they had a great promotion and decided to jump on it...The dental office was amazing, the nicest one I have ever been too. All the equipment was brand new and they even had LCD flat screens facing each chair. Pretty awesome if you ask me...Dr. Tounian was kind and caring...  I definitely recommend this place to anyone in need of dental work.
5	It's no secret that I am vain.In fact, vanity is my favorite sin. And now that I am regularly in Sin City, I make sure that my teeth are maintained.I came into Floss to get my teeth cleaned. It had been a while since my last cleaning, and the last time I was due, I ended having some work done by the fantastic Dr. Tran at Image Dental.This time around, I needed to come in to Floss because it was more convenient for me. Of course, I was able to visit Dr. Tran, as well as Dr. Tounian.These really are the two best in Las Vegas. Yes, I drove all the way from Scottsdale, just to get my teeth cleaned and cared for.The office is solid, and brand spanking new. You totally get to watch movies while you are getting worked on, or if you are waiting. Growing up, I've been to many dentists. Typically, I would go wherever my parents took me, or wherever my insurance was accepted.Luckily, today, I have the choice, and there is NO BETTER DENTISTS than Dr. Tran and Dr. Tounian.If your teeth are rank, make it happen. They won't make you feel bad for not flossing, they will make you feel good about yourself and help your pearly whites stay as amazing as mine.
5	I generally dont like to yelp personal Drs, dentists, accountants etc but how I found Floss is a story worth telling. Was in sin city for a weekend getaway with the girls when I had a throbbing tooth ache OUT OF nowhere after eating breakfast the day we got there. Took meds  but it didnt help after a few hours of waiting and realized I really needed to get it checked out. Naturally, I yelped a place. It is a brand new office and only 7 miles away from the strip. Took a quick 10 minute cab over to the office after they squeezed me into their schedule. Dr. Tounian was caring and gentle. He told me what happened and helped me to follow up with my dentist back in LA. I felt a lot better after and wish his office was in LA. SO, if youre in Vegas and looking for a good dentist, Floss is the place to go. Its hard to find a dentist these days with such a nice staff and a dentist that isnt scary!
5	VIP at the Dentist.....Yeah, Its kind of how I roll! Whenever I go anywhere I want to be treated like Paris Hilton or some other awesome celebrity, and if I do, I always return.This best describes my experience with Floss Dental. Dr .Tran and Dr. Tounian are awesome! I first met Dr. Tran at his other office Cheyenne Dental and have since then followed him all over town to his other dental offices, never to be disappointed. EVERY TIME I have gone I have been treated like a queen. My poor honey developed a terrible tooth ache late Friday night (worst date night ever)! We left a message with our favorite office and he was seen and fixed SATURDAY morning.....not Monday....Saturday..like the next day. SERIOUSLY! While I waited for these dental geniuses to take care of my man, I relished in how special we were.....until I notice how they were treating everyone else. They were just as nice to EVERYONE else too! I even heard them playing with a little girl who was nervous. LOVE LOVE LOVE this.So, with my slightly bruised ego I realize how lucky I am to have found such a great office(s). A place that everyone knows your name (and not just my name ....lol) The Cheers of dental offices if you may. Everyone one here is nice, honest, and fun to be around. I don't remember dental offices being like that before. Floss....we will see. I might just want to get a cavity with that kind of service :D
5	I have a confession. I do not take care of my teeth very well. I'm convinced that neglecting your teeth is the key to a healthy smile.OK OK. I have no scientific basis for that. Maybe I'm just lucky. At about 393 months old, I did finally get my first ever cavity. My last dentist didn't do the best job at filling it. That was one of the reasons why I was in the market for a new dentist.Enter Floss Dental!Truth be told, I've met Dr Tran and Dr Tounian before. But this review is not biased in any way. In fact, I initially thought it would be weird to have someone you know with their hands in your mouth. The fact that it wasn't weird is a testament to how professional Dr Tran and Dr Tounian work.Don't let the small foyer area fool you. This dentist office is top notch. I like how their patient bays are kind of open, but still give you enough privacy. It's a neat design. Their equipment is also the latest and greatest. The x-rays were quick and painless, and allowed them to see why my previous filling might be bothering me. Dr Tran also mentioned how the cleaning device is very thorough without being as abrasive as the older models. It's something I noticed even without him pointing it out.Luckily, I did not require their other equipment. Nope. For me, it was just a quick cleaning and I was on my way. I'm easy like that. Five stars.
5	This place is great!  I was in Vegas for a very typical reason (bachelorette party..wooohooo!) and I ended up chipping my front tooth on the very first night there!  :(  Luckily one of the girls in the party was local and recommended that I go to Floss Dental.  From the moment I walked in to the moment I left, I was incredibly happy with the service and care that went into my treatment.  Of course I was very upset that my front tooth chipped (I looked like a pirate!) and I wanted to leave looking normal.  Dr. Tounian was very patient and very kind.  He took the time to explain the treatment needed (luckily just a filling) and made everything completely painless.  Not only that, but the filling matches perfectly and feels great.  Thank you Dr. Tounian!  His partner Dr. Tran was very nice as well..  and ladies, both of them are easy on the eyes too!
5	I'm seriously not into writing reviews for doctors or dentists, but since I wrote one for my doctor's office, I figured I'd write one for my emergency dentist stop. My girlfriend and I went to visit her parents in Vegas and while out and about on an interesting Friday night in Vegas, one of my teeth started hurting.I asked my girlfriends parents for some dental advice, since the pain was unbearable and they recommend to come here. Not only because it was close by, but because they're the best.I stopped by to see if my dental would cover it and it did. For dropping in without an appointment on a Saturday i was greeted with a warm smile (despite not being able to smile myself). They took me right in and did a quick check up. I found out I needed some work done immediately. Lucky my insurance covered it and I was able to get most of the work I needed right then and there. In addition, I managed to get a quick teeth cleaning.The doctor was professional, experience and exceptional in his work. The service was outstanding and the office was very neat and sanitary. I couldn't have asked anything more. I received the best service anyone could from any dentist and more. Thanks to a great recommendation and great care and service from the staff here, I am a smiling more than when we saw Cirque Du Soleil. I only wish I could have them move here to Los Angeles. Maybe then I'd be more inclined to see the dentist more often and not eat so many apples.
5	This place gave me some of the best service I've ever had at a dental office and they arent even my regular dentist.  I had a an orthodontic emergency while in Las Vegas for a wedding weekend.   I have specialty braces (behind the teeth) and minor problems become pretty serious very quickly.  After calling my regular ortho office for advice and not hearing for them for over an hour I went looking for a local place that was open.  Everyone turned me down for what I assured them would be a very quick appointment  until we spoke with the receptionist at Floss.   I had 2 hours before the wedding when I called and they said they could pencil me in 30 minutes from my call, which also happened to be just after they were closing for the day.  I rushed over, and they greeted me by name as I entered, not mad at all about keeping their doors open late for me, even though I wasnt a regular client.  She was also intuitively sensitive to the fact that every sentence was excruciatingly painful, and didnt make me talk too much.I filled out the regular paperwork and was shown to the back by a dental tech who took one look at the problem and fixed it with speed and confidence, despite the fact that these are really specialized gear not at all easy to work with.  Other orthodontists dont even want to touch my grill. She knew the problem right away, figured out the gear with a simple glance and got everything back where it was supposed to be.About the environment, the office was beautiful.  My regular ortho is a Beverly hills ortho that caters to celebrities and the Bel Air wealthy, and charges accordingly. The offices at Floss were just as professional and clean, with nice clean interior design, and even was seemingly more mindful of HIPAA regulations, which I liked because I work in health care. I got in and out in no time and made the wedding just in time.  It honestly was the moste pleasant surprise of the weekend being that if they hadnt made time for me right then it would have made the next two days a living hell and the healing time for my tongue would have been at least a week, of not being able to speak.    They also called today just to make sure everything was okay after my visit.  This place really puts the patient first which I think is rare in a dental office.
5	Wish I could give this place more then 5 stars ! Dr. Tounian is simply the best! I'd like to start off by stating the facts..everyone dreads the dentist .My husband was having major problems with his teeth several months ago, & was refered to Dr. Tounian by friends of ours. I can't say enough great things about the care he received! Dr. Tounian is so thorough & patient ! & let's be honest here .. When it comes to going to the dentist My husband= biggest baby ! Dr. T  explains everything before he begins ,& is very gentle. Hubby never complained about pain or discomfort during or after visits! I even refered my sister when she was visiting from out of town . Staff is also very pleasant ! They always call with follow ups the next day to check on the client & make sure all is well! If you've had bad experiences at the dentist before, this place may change how you feel about those Annual check ups ;)
5	I am being completely honest here.. I'm not geting paid to say this as this is probably my 4th or 5th review of these same dentists and staff. This is their 3rd office, I usually go to thier other 2 locations, thought I'd head over to this one for my long overdue checkup... Although this one was quite further from me, I drove in the heat with my 2 kids and I'll do it again if I have to. :) Dr. Tounian, Dr. Tran, and his staff are A-MA-ZING! They care so much about their patients and their time. Not to mention they didn't mind that I had to bring my 2 kids in with me! :)For anyone out there looking for a great dental experience, this is the place to go OR head over to thier other two locations: Cheyenne Dental Group (Cheyenne and 215) or Image Dental.( West Sahara) No matter what location, rest assured their outstanding patient care and exceptional customer service will have you coming back to them for your annual checkups or teeth emergencies. :)
5	Amazing work! I had a crown done and some fillings here. The procedure was very quick and went smoothly. I have never been a huge fan of going to the dentist but Dr. Tounian is extremely caring and friendly. I actually look forward to coming here!
5	When you've had the same dentist for the past 22 years, going to a new one is scary. After a really bad encounter with another local dentist, I found the stellar reviews here on Yelp and made an appointment at Floss Dental. They could take me within the week and asked only to send over my x-rays. Even calling to make the appointment was pleasant - Dayna's the best. I went in about a half hour early to do my paperwork and they took me promptly. They numbed me with rinse (no needles! hurray!) for a cleaning procedure that I had previously undergone sans numbness (it was much more pleasant this time). I spent more time with Dr. Tounian in the room than I had ever spent with a dentist - it was awesome to have close attention. And, he's good at maintaining the patient small-talk - mostly yes or no answers. Much better than asking me my life story, then going wrist-deep in my molars.  Also, whoever's idea it was at that office to turn on Netflix for the patient is genius. I highly recommend scheduling your appointment for first thing in the morning - I think I was the only patient there and I was in and out very quickly! Plus, you can avoid the Coffee Bean parking takeover at that hour (the office's neighbor to the south, which is a blessing and a curse). One appointment in and I'm a fan. I've even recommended them to coworkers and friends. Believe the hype - these guys are the best!
5	So finding a dentist we really liked here in LV was difficult until we made an appointment at Floss.  I got Dr Tounian and my better half got Dr Tran and we were both super happy with our visit.  Michelle cleaned our teeth for us and she did an absolutely amazing job at it!  I love my teeth and I think they love my teeth just as much as I do :DThe service was excellent from appointment scheduling to checking out.  They were able to work with my inusrance so that we had minimal charges for absolutely amazing work.  We visited the Spring Valley Location on Rainbow so if you in the Southwest make an appointmentand you will not be disappointed I promise! I will no longer fly back to Hawaii to see my Dentist because I have a new one!Its right next top the coffee shop, I drove around twice but I could have just been so excited I missed it....
5	I recently relocated to Las Vegas from Dallas and had been avoiding the dentist like we all do. After a tragic haircut I refused to ask work people for a referral. Yelp was the answer, I found Floss in seconds and liked what I read so I called to book an appointment and was met with a very pleasant young lady on the phone.  Dana verified my insurance over the phone, I was called with a reminder, and I even got a reminder text message the morning of the appointment. The staff really set themselves up for a win in my book. Paperwork was simple, the X-ray exam was incredibly thorough, Dr. Tounian did my cleaning (best I've ever had) and filled my two spot cavities (I can't tell you the last time a Dentist actually performed a cleaning, not that I mind a hygienist, but he was awesome). I have double dental coverage and hate having to do double paperwork, Dana actually did the filing for both companies. Out the door in less than an hour for a first time visit, full exam and best cleaning I've ever had, plus two fillings - that's unheard of. These guys will be seeing me at least every 3 months!
5	I had new patient appointments for my whole family and I am so glad we went here!  everyone was extremely nice, they don't rush your appointment at all and take there time to explain your treatment plan and the most costly way to do it!!! they even called a few days later just to see how we were doing after our appointments.  if you need a dentist definitely go here!
5	First time i've had a positive dental experience in a while. Love how each station has it's own flat screen TV. What also surprised me was the X-Ray devices where hidden away but very close. Pretty much allows you, the patient, to get comfortable without being shuffled around like cattle. My procedure went pretty fast. Had an initial x-ray followed up by a visual exam, then a cavity filled, followed up by a cleaning. Didnt take more then two hours. Very pleased with the staff and the service.Highly recommended
5	Fantastic dentist!!! From beginning to end this was a great experience. Let me start by saying I was a walk-in, on a Saturday, several hours after they opened. They started working on my teeth as soon as I registered, and they gave a great new patient price for my cleaning, x-rays, and exam. Dr. Tounian is SO nice, and he came right in after my x-rays were done. I was given a breakdown of what I needed to have done with each situations priority noted, but not bullied about when to have it done. Also, I wasn't made to listen to the list of inane cosmetic options available-they weren't trying to squeeze me for every penny. Each person I dealt with was friendly and engaging, and they all listened attentively to my questions and concerns. I love the convenience of three locations, and Saturday hours. I would definitely recommend this office to anyone not in love with their dentist-nothing less than that is sufficient reason to stay where they're not going to do as good a job as these wonderful people!THANK YOU Floss Dental and Orthodontics!!!!
5	I had a very unpleasant experience as a child and was so terrified to go to the dentist ever again.  It took 17 years to get the courage to make an appointment.  I was so scared of the pain, what they would find, or if they would belittle me for waiting so long.  I had tears rolling down my face the entire visit and shaking with fear, just waiting for something to happen.  EVERYONE from the receptionist, to the hygenist to Dr. T was so unbelievable compasionate and kind to me.  I couldn't have asked for a better experience!    I was told I would have to get some cavities filled, but there was no pressure or talking down to me.  I willingly set an appointment, and I am pretty sure I won't chicken out and cancel it before then lol  I am still a little nervous about having work done, but I know I'm in good hands.  I would recommend this office to anyone and everyone but especially to those in my situation.  Don't be scared!!!  The cleaning didn't even hurt ;)
5	I went back for my 6-month checkup and was referred to the Sahara office (Image Dental) because my only day off is the day they're closed. I called to cancel my appointment because my insurance company was being difficult and the receptionist explained to me their billing process and was super cool about my confusion - she's amazing. I think her name is Dana. Dana - you rock. I had another awesome experience there. Dr. Wills is awesome, the hygenist (I am spacing her name) is also awesome and super thorough and their office staff are so sweet. Such a huge fan!!
5	Dr.Tounian is very gentle and an all around great dentist. He keeps you informed on the procedures that he is doing and helped make my first and hopefully last root canal go very smoothly.
4	A for awesome, just be careful about any unnecessarily recommended surgeries.
4	I made an appointment based on the great reviews here. I just moved to Spring Valley from the NW part of town and didn't want to drive to Summerlin to see my previous dentist. When I arrived, the staff was friendly and knowledgeable. Dr. Tounian was thorough and explained all options to me about my teeth and root canal procedure. He offered a orthodontist consultation when I told him I was sick of my front, crowded teeth looking like a bunch of Mexicans crammed into a Honda Civic. I will be back to finish my dental work with these guys. Cheers!
5	It has been a few years since my last dental visit I must confess, so after doing some research here on Yelp, I found Floss Dental. They accepted my insurance and had ample appointment times to chose from. After an hour there, I left with a smile on my freshly cleaned teeth. The reception, Xray tech, hygienist, and dentist were all very pleasant, patient, and caring. They explained each step and tool they used during my visit. I felt in very good hands the entire time and would highly recommend FD to anyone and as I promised, I will not wait so long in between visits. :)
5	Fixed my teeth for a fair price.
1	Very pushy and 'commercial'. At the end of the day I understand it's a business but when a patient is clearly telling you they cannot afford expensive cosmetic treatments and would only like to do whatever is required on an urgent basis, that should be respected. I felt very uncomfortable with the entire tone of my visit a few weeks ago. I felt like I was being pressured into doing some cosmetic procedures along with the essential treatment for 'esthetic reasons" because you "might as well". I rapidly changed dentists and I am happy to say the new place is very professional and matter of fact. I have started my treatment with them and I am very happy with their work so far. Floss dental is fine for teeth cleaning but I would not recomend it for any kind of advanced dental work.
5	I was on vacation in Vegas and my boyfriend had a level 10 pain toothache and I called Floss Dental Saturday morning and had us in within the hour. Everybody was superb, from the receptionist to the doctor. They were very gentle, solved the problem and had us in and out quickly. No waiting. Thank you Floss Dental! We will be bragging about your awesomeness for a long time.
5	In a nutshell...Extremely friendly staff, great atmosphere, and a great dental experience! Dr. Arvin is extremely relatable and does a great job gaining the trust of his patients! THE FIRST dentist I actually enjoyed visiting!!Been meaning to write this review for some time now... however, I came here roughly 4 weeks ago to get a cleaning and also learn about the different options I had for getting my teeth straighter. They had a new patient special, I think it was $40 for a cleaning and X-rays... beats most groupons you see these days, so I thought I'd give them a shot.It was a hot and sunny Thursday afternoon... haha j/k. I had a 6pm appointment that day and after arriving 10 minutes late I realized I was probably the last patient of the day. Thankfully they were very understanding and still honored my appointment.After finally arriving I began completing all of the necessary paperwork, which I later found out is also available online... needless to say I realized my phone was dying so I asked the receptionist if she had an iPhone charger and that if I could leave my phone on charge while seeing the dentist. I got all that and more... they actually put my phone on charge in the exact same room the dentist was going to see me, which was pretty awesome! If that wasn't enough it was just as awesome to watch Netflix while waiting on the dentist in the examining room.What truly made this visit exceptional was Dr. Arvin. This guy was extremely friendly and easy to relate with, which made me believe him even more. A lot of the times when you go in to see a dentist, their either trying to sell you something or forcing you to undergo some expensive procedure to get your teeth cleaner or wisdom teeth removed. Dr. Arvin, did the exact opposite, he looked at my teeth and asked me what was troubling me and gave his most honest feedback of how to fix it. I came in wanting to get invisalign because I feared having to bear the public humiliation of braces...but after talking with Dr. Arvin for 10 minutes I felt like he had already convinced me to get braces...Overall, the best dentist experience I've EVER had. I've probably recommended 5-10 people since I came here. Truly a welcoming office and a friendly staff, Dr. Arvin is awesome and I hope to see him again!
5	Best dentist and office in Vegas! After going through quite a few dentists after my move to Vegas I am so happy I came across this office! The staff and dentist are so friendly and genuine! I highly highly recommend this office to anyone looking for a true dentist and not someone looking to just make money from insurance companies.
1	WORST dental experience EVER, tried to charge me for unnecessary things not covered by my insurance, what a scam, go someplace else!!!!
5	As a mom and as a former dental assistant, I must say this office is exceptional =).  I have been to their other location, but this one is a little closer to my house in Henderson.  I will drive out far to see Dr Tounian and Dr Hoang, seriously the best dentists out here in Vegas.  It's just hard to find people who you can trust in this city.  Thank goodness I don't have much work that needs to be done, but I can tell they the doctors (and the staff) bend over backwards to help their patients.  Really cute atmosphere, really good service.  They don't try to sell you on anything, if anything they have done so many favors for me and haven't even charged me.  The best part is my kids actually get excited knowing they have to go to the dentist.  They like the cute movies they play on the tvs.  Thank you again Floss Dental and staff, see you guys soon.  (Hopefully not too soon lol).
5	Chillest dentist I have ever met in my life. Really pleased that I moved to Vegas, did my research, went to this dentist office once and now I am hooked!Dr. Tounian is kind, informative, personable, and efficient. The office staff is a beast - calling and texting as necessary to remind you about upcoming appointments and following up to see how they did. Some may find that annoying, but for those that run around and can't even keep track of their own schedule, it's a Godsend! They've been extremely accommodating with me rescheduling uhhh 4 out of the last 5 times. Not sure if they were training some people last time, but I just went in for a regular quick check up and cleaning & there was a team of 4 working diligently and carefully on me, so that made me feel pretty cool. They will always take time to explain what they are doing and allow for questions, and joke around with you as well. Important stuff.Office space is clean, bright, and modern. Weirdly enough these are things I care about.  There is also Netflix in the office which I thought was pretty great! If you're new to the area, I absolutely recommend Dr. Tounian.
5	I hate going to the dentist! I didn't hate it this time. It was clean and professional. They explained the procedures very thoroughly. The hygienist that cleaned my teeth was awesome and deserves a raise! ;) The dentist was friendly and seemed to truly care.
5	I don't like to visit a dentist. Nobody likes it. I think even dentists don;t like to do it. Usually I felt embarrassed and uncomfortable when someone is looking into my mouth.  But not here.First time I came here for a simple check-in. It was good. And for me it was important that Doctors explained to me difficult words as English is not my native language. My second visit was emergency. I awfully cracked one tooth. It looked very ugly and gross. Oh well, I came here again. When Dr looked the tooth, I heard only one phase "We will fix it". And they did! It was awesome, guys! They not only fix it, they did it on very high satisfied level: fast, comfortable, not painful at all. The strangest thing is this visit was enjoyable hehe P.S. While they were working on my tooth, I was watching a movie on a big TV next to a patient's chair.Thanks, Docs, I can chew again ;)
5	I was so pleased with my visit today! Brittany was so helpful and I can't thank the staff enough for helping me with my visit.  Even though I admit I was very nervous about the visit. Dr Tran was very understanding and he was reassuring. Dr. Tounian came in to see how I was feeling. Everything worked out.  I'll be back later this month.
5	Am I really reviewing a dentist on Yelp? Yes I am. I actually have to give credit to my husband for finding this place. I just asked him which dentist he used, and he recommended Floss. I used to live in Summerlin, so it was really convenient for me, and now I live downtown but still make the trip out there because I like them.This isn't your parents' dentist office. They are into preventative care -- that is, fixing things before they are broken -- but if they are broken, helping you out as quickly and efficiently as possible. A few things I loved:- I had taken a wine class over the summer and came to Floss with nasty (not my usual style!) stains on my front teeth. They were noticed and taken off immediately - no judgement. :) They are awesome at standard cleanings. - I came to Floss with what I thought was a cavity, which ended up being a tooth in need of a root canal. :( I ended up getting a great referral for an endodontist (since I didn't grow up here and know no one in town). The two doctors discussed my "unique situation" by phone and I could tell they took an active interest in my specific case. - Getting a crown after my root canal was not fun, but the doctors and staff were so customer-service oriented. It really reminds me of "Vegas" service, wanting to please the customer above all. - They give you not one but two reminders of your appointment and text you the day of. They seem to really have their schedule down and always run on time. - Other fun but not super-important things: They always have a good Netflix video on the TVs in front of you, the front-desk staff is really nice, the staff is cool to talk to.That's all I got! Highly recommended.
5	Easily one of the best dentist experiences I have ever had. I went in for a checkup and a cleaning and left extremely satisfied with the whole experience. The whole shebang took a little over an hour which included fillling out the paperwork, getting x-rays done, and getting a cleaning. Each room has their own individual television hooked up to Netflix to keep you entertained while you wait, which isn't an issue considering the staff is extremely friendly and talkative and there is little to no downtime between seeing the dentist or hygienist. The staff was very informative and thorough when it came to explaining the procedures they are going to perform and the products they are going to use.Overall, friendly and informative staff, short wait times, and extremely clean teeth. What more can you ask for? I can't recommend this place enough. Seriously, pay Floss Dental a visit.
5	I am so happy with the staff and service at this office. I came here to get a second opinion after being told I needed expensive work done from another dental office. Dr. Tounian told me that I didn't need the work that the other office said I needed. He told me that my teeth were actually quite healthy. He saved me $200 that day and my family and I have been going to Floss Dental ever since. They don't make you sit in the waiting room forever, either.
5	New, clean and professional. They work with you on scheduling and appointments. Friendly staff and convenient location. Nothing to complain about here.
5	One of the best dental experiences ever! As a new patient they worked around my schedule and got me in right away.  The staff was very friendly and helpful, made me feel like I knew them for years.  Didn't try to up sell me on any unnecessary procedures or punish me too bad for forgetting to floss!  The hygenist Adrien had the softest touch on my teeth, no pain at all!
5	I never thought I would be reviewing a dentist, let alone give a five star review!       Dr. Touian is the best dentist I have ever visited!  I recently relocated to the Vegas area and it had been a while since I had seen a dentist, so after reading Yelp reviews, I found Floss Dental and Orthodontics and Dr. T.  I called to make an appointment, and got one the very next day!       I have never been a fan of having my mouth violated, but this was a totally different experience.  I arrived about 1/2 hour early for my appointment because I wanted to be on time in case the location was difficult to find.  I had printed the paperwork off their webpage and filled it out, so when I checked in, I was called back almost immediately by the hygenist.  He took about 12 x-rays of my mouth, and used a piece of plastic that fit my mouth and didn't hurt (I have a small mouth, and most offices bend a big piece of plastic that hurts!)  He was very friendly and talkative, so that I felt very at ease.     Next, I was placed in "the chair".  Dr. T actually cleaned my teeth himself, I got special treatment!  He said the other hygenist was busy with another patient and since I came early, instead of making me wait, he cleaned my teeth.  He was very nice, friendly and talkative, and he explained every part of the procedure.  When he found out that my son is in his 4th year of dental school, he was very helpful with advice for new dentists.      A week after having my teeth cleaned, I accidentally popped out a piece of filling while flossing.  I immediately called the office and explained what had happened.  They got me in within an hour!  Again, there was no waiting in the front.  I have to say that this was the best experience with a filling that I have ever had.  Dr T was fast and very helpful throughout the whole process.        The next week my boyfriend made an appointment to have a cleaning here and he was as impressed with the quality of care he received here as I was!  I have found the best dentist in the LV area!!
5	Go see Dr. Tounian! He is easily the best dentist I've ever seen. Office staff is great, they will work with you on payments, even if you don't have insurance. They usually get me in and out, they are incredibly fast, polite, and gentle. I've never had to wait more than a day or two for my next appointment at Floss. (You can trust me on gentle, I've had 4 cavities and a two root canals here, and I'm terrified of the dentist)
5	I really don't like going to the dentist,  but this place made my experience pleasant. The staff was very accommodating. The dentist was very helpful. I highly recommend this office.
5	Amazing place. I felt right at home.
5	I am one of the few people (if any) that look forward to going to the dentist. Yes, you read that correctly. Actually, I love going to the dentist. I've had almost every procedure done, from a cavity filled, root canal, impacted wisdom teeth, you name it. And I still like going. My favorite thing is getting my teeth cleaned. Yes! It's the best thing to walk out of the office with your pearly whites shining like a cartoon. I feel like a little star is shining off my I tooth when I smile. Ting ting. I was really impressed with this office. Very clean and modern and the back office is really high tech. Flat screen TV playing Netflix while you wait. Adrienne, my hygienist was very gentle and thorough. Dr. Tounian was friendly and not to mention, he's hot. I liked his Cliff Huxtable sweater. I'll be changing my teeth cleanings to three a year.
5	Another nice and easy time at Floss Dental.If your lookin for a great good Dental Office this is THE ONE before you go anywhere you MUST try this firstDr. Arvin Tounian and the rest of his staff will take care of your needs.NICE and EASY, HASSLE FREE place
5	My parents live in Vegas, and I was visiting for the week. I called Floss Dental and they accommodated me with such short notice for a cleaning. The day of my appointment I was really happy with the work they did in taking my yearly X-rays and evaluating the health of my teeth. Dr. Tounian is very friendly and explains everything very well. He answered all my questions and was very approachable. When it comes to dentists I'm very picky and I usually come out of my appointment frustrated. But the staff at dental floss is very welcoming, warm, and takes really good care of their patients. I wish they could move to Berkeley! :)
