4	The decor here is very 1980s trailer trash, but the food's surprisingly good.A standard omelet is made with 6 eggs, so -- if you can get your friends to agree -- the kitchen will happily split your order on two plates. It costs $0.75 more, but you end up with a full order of spids on each plate... totally worth it. If you can't find an omelete you want ot split, they'll make you a "baby" omelet (3 eggs), but it's only slighly less expensive than a full-size one.We opted for the chile verde omelet, and it was quite tasty. The spuds are more like thick, soft-ish potato chips than hashbrowns, but they're  addictive.
5	I wrote a review for the Maryland Parkway location of the Omelet House, but here's one for the Henderson one and this is it:This is the only place in old Henderson where you should even think about having breakfast.The line's usually long, but they whip you through pretty quickly  The decor is a mish mash of trailer park staples, but it works.(Man, this building has been every restaurant that's every existed over the past 30 years, I'm amazed it's survived.)  The omelets are huge and fresh and expertly created.  ALL of their breakfasts are amazing.  This is one of those places to come after a hard partyin' night to get yourself back on an even keel.  Those spuds are magical.
5	Found this place during a recent visit to the Lake Las Vegas area, thanks to my portable GPS.  Wow.. wish it had told us there were 6 eggs in the omelet!  Excellent omelets, quick and friendly service, no pretense, and yes, them potato spuds are damn tasty and addictive.  Type of meal my dad would be talking about for weeks if we forget to medicate him.
4	I was out in Vegas for a friends b-day back in Jan.  We wanted to grab some breakfast and didn't feel like a buffet, or any other tourists traps, so I looked this place us and decided to check it out.The place is pretty big, and looks str8 from the 70's (maybe 80's).  Certainly not the best place in terms of ambience, but if you're more concerned about food, then this is your place.  The servers were very friendly, almost motherly.  They had the whole team approach going and all of them seemed more than happy to help us with our requests and inquiries.Their menu is pretty large, and has all the breakfast specials, plus a couple interesting specialties- (my sister got a lobster omlette, or lobster benedict... something with lobster).  I opted to get the omlette and my wife got a sandwich.  My friend just got a standard bacon and eggs.When we got our food we were blown away!  The servings were HUGE, and all of us were more than satisfied with our orders.  My sister was very surprised by the lobster.  Not only was it plentiful, but it was good too which was a very nice bonus.  The omlette was ENORMOUS.   Everyone at the table was trying to help me finish (heck we were all trying to help one another finish).  The other thing I heard about this place was their pumpkin bread- it ws pretty damn good.  Maybe not as orgasm inducing as some people might claim, but warm and tasty.  Overall, we were very happy we took a chance on this place.  They have another location in Las Vegas, but since my friend lives in Henderson we checked this one out.  Breakfast fans won't be disappointed.
4	as breakfast joints in vegas go - hell, you can go to any casino and get a plate of eggs, bacon and toast for like .99 cents.but if you want a hearty 6 egg omlent served with the house style chips, or homemade corned beef hash and eggs, or just fish and chips - this is the spot. everything is served with your choice of bread, buscuit or toast - but get the PUMPKIN bread, or if they have it the BANANA NUT bread - made from scratch and worth the price of admission.we love the 50's flair, the locals feel, and the service. but its the choice of like 30 different types of omlettes on the menu that makes this place famous - my personal favorite: chile verde omlette. o yeah.
4	A nice mom and pop style breakfast joint...When I first walked into this place, it reminded me of Blueberry Hill or some sort of country style place with cookie jars, things with roosters, those "stained glass" lampshades, and autographed pictures of famous people who ate at the restaurant.My friends and I heard that the portions here were huge, so we decided to split our meal. We ordered the Jolly Green Giant omelette which included various veggies like zuccini and broccoli (~$8.50), and a full stack (3) of buttermilk pancakes (~$5). The omelette came with their home made potato chips or their "duds". You can also choose a side like toast, banana nut bread (We got this, and it was DELICIOUS!), pumpkin bread, or a biscuit. Our choices were both really scrumptious! It was definitely a good idea to split everything in half.My other friend ordered the "Flap Jack" special, which included two pieces of bacon (or 1 sausage), 2 eggs, and 2 pancakes for $6.99. Great deal, eh?This will not be the last time I go here for breakfast! The service was excellent here, as the servers were very friendly, I might add!
4	We uploaded some photos of the omelets - they really speak for themselves.You start with a slab of banana loaf (which should be called a cake) and then wash it down with your 6-egg omelet served with a side of really nice potato chips.When you're sick of downtown Vegas, wake up a bit early, grab a rental car and drive out to the Hoover Dam and stop off here for breakfast; it's just the tonic for a Vegas night.
4	Awesome diner! Loved it. The good: Omelet rocked! Especially the #38 (sausage, bacon, ham,  jack cheese, cheddar cheese).. heart attack on a plate! Chips were "weird" for bfast, but yummyPumpkin bread... warm and DELISHService was off the hook. Our waitress was cheerful, funny, and sweet. She was fast and attentive and had a personality to boot. Some of the best service I've had in the Vegas area. The bad:Orange juice was eh... OPH has much better.Pancakes weren't good. Weird texture, not good taste.. stick to the pumpkin bread people !Overall a great dining experience.. I'll be back, but Original Pancake House is still my #1.
4	This place most really have their shit together. All the reviews here read the same.Great staff, fast & friendly service. 70s/80s diner decor/extensive breakfast menuGreat omelettes.3 locations in the Valley-no real wait for a seat on Sunday AM?! Less than 5 minutes.Give it a try-I'm glad I finally did.
5	It's all about the omelettes and the service here - forget the spartan surroundings and pick an omelette from the huge menu.  My favorite is easily the Chile Verde - it's been a while so I don't recall the number, which means I need to go back.  I can't comment on anything but the omelettes because I've never eaten anything else.  Actually, that's a lie - I've had a side of the corned beef hash, which is also damn tasty.  Even the potato wedges on the side and the bread they serve prior to the meal is outstanding.  Bottom line is that this place rocks for breakfast or lunch.
4	In town for business and needed a good hearty breakfast. The Omelet House did not disappoint. While the decor is stuck in the late 70's, the food and the service is spot on! I had the 38 Special Omelet Bacon, Ham, Sausage, Cheddar and jack Cheese. The eggs were fluffy and delicious plus you did not have to search for the meat...IT WAS everywhere. I am a big eater and the portions were HUGE.  Great potatoes too. They were almost like chips. Good Stuff.
4	Tried going to IHOP today and it was a ZOO.So went down to the Omelet House and had a great breakfast. 2 minute wait and a more down home character.Everything came out perfect, as ordered and their thin cut potatoes are to die for. Egg white omelet and banana pancakes were yummy too. Only minus is the "No Substitutions" on omelets...I hate that rule. They have a "Huge Iced Mocha" on the menu, but I was informed it's not made with real espresso.
4	My god, the omelets here are the size of a Nerf football cut in half lengthwise. No wonder other reviewers split them among two people. There's 30 or so types to choose from; I had a guacamole, tomato and cheese omelet. You don't get hash browns, you get what appear to be thickly cut potato chips. They're pretty good. Friendly service too.
5	This place is our go-to breakfast place.  My wife and daughter love the pumpkin bread which is one of their bread choices to go with breakfast.  Personally I'm a huge fan of their Chicken Philly Sandwich.  Their "Spuds" (basicly fresh seasoned potato chips) are killer.  The only time we have had much of a wait is when we have family in and are coming as a large group, coming in a group of 4 or less you can get in and seated in a matter of a few minutes usually.
4	My absolute favorite place for breakfast.  Unless you are in a large group there is never more then a 10 minute wait, even on Sunday morning when the place appears to be packed.Friendly service, and the pumpkin bread is to die for. There have been times I was tempted to stop in just to buy a piece of the pumpkin bread to go. The omelets are huge, consider sharing if you aren't a heavy eater. Never had anything other then breakfast so not sure how the lunch food is.
4	The client I worked for today took us here for lunch..... I asked "Are they still serving breakfast?" He said, "All day, Everyday!".....Sweeet! I could eat breakfast for every meal if I could.I had the #13 Omelet. The F'in thing must of had 6 eggs in it! Huge! I ordered the banana bread for toast. I expected cold sliced like at home....Nope! A 2 inch tall square like a brownie. It was awesome!I could barely finish half the omelet..... and i ate very few fries.My only dislike was their style of fries/ hash browns. They're pretty much homemade potato chips. They were OK, but I don't like potatoes cooked like that. And I was on a business trip.... No Amex. Did I say try the banana bread?!?
4	Pumpkin bread was o so delish.  Omelettes were fabulous.  My fiance's first go from here was actually a to-go order, and when i opened all the boxes and dished up she was like, uh, is someone else joining us??
4	I found this breakfast joint thanks to Yelpers!!  We were going to a house that serves pancakes and the wait was way toooo long.  So I yelped and read about the Omlet House.  I agree, this is a great place for grub.  It is a little dated, but not in a dirty way.  The service was prompt and the food was above par. The serving sizes are crazy big.  It is the best place in Hendertucky for breakfast.  The bread is awsome.
4	The kitchen sink is a six-egg omelet with diced turkey, hot dogs, peppers, chili and more. I am not a huge fan of meat cut into perfectly square cubes. It reminds me of grade school hot lunch, but I ate half of it and boxed up the rest. Goodness, the pumpkin bread is as amazing as everyone says it is, and so are the potato fries.Weiss' Deli serves better food and coffee but the service at Omelet House is outstanding, and so are the sides. I will definitely return. Glad I tried it.
3	We came here early one morning b/c my love wanted to try the 3 lb burger. UM no.. But an omelet sounded pretty good. However, I ordered the blueberry stuffed pancakes. I was picturing real blueberries. I was wrong. It was more of a blueberry compote sugar solution. It was good but after 2 or 3 bites its just too sweet for my taste. Someone w/ more of a sweet tooth probably would have enjoyed this more. My bf ordered the bugsy siegal. It was huge. He loved it. To me it looked very busy and piled high. Every man's dream! gotta say not only was a ton of food but it also came with toast or pumpkin bread or banana bread. he went w/ wheat toast and it was a very full meal. We have since gone to the new one that is way closer to our house. like 3 minutes. or w/in walking distance and we have walked there a few times. See that review fmi :)
5	We passed this spot many many times & never stopped. One of our friends mentioned the pumpkin bread is awesome so we decided to stop for brunch. Can I just say that we are a bunch of IDIOTS for passing this place up.*on our knees* "We humbly apologize Omelet House, please forgive us for our breakfast snobby-ish attitude."Lets  start with the exterior. Its very 1970-ish and its in between a storage property and a McD's right on Boulder Hwy. They have a huge yellow Omelet House sign towering over the bldg with another sign in the front that says "the home of the 3 lb burger." The interior decor was like a country diner, nothing fancy.It was pretty empty @ 11:30am (we aren't complaining) there were a couple families and a bunch of metro police officers. I believe that policemen know all the good eats around town and they were coming in and out of Omelete house...a good very good sign. The service was excellent. We got greeted and got our drinks...double quick. Our waitress Gina was very friendly and kept our drinks filled. She took our order and our food came out pretty quick. They have a wide range of menu items. We ordered the:-Homemade corned beef hash, potato fries, eggs up. The potato fries are different and addicting. Hash was ONO- it had more corned beef than potatoes ...my kind of hash.-Philly cheese chicken sandwich w sauteed mushroom & onions. My wife loved the taste of it but said she'll ask for light cheese.-We had to order a pancake just to try it, since they did sell a single pancake for $2.39. I like it like that- sometimes its a waste of money to order a short stack. Pancake was nice and fluffy, perfect golden brown.-We also ordered both  of the pumpkin and banana nut bread...they were both very good. I give the nod to the pumpkin bread.They also have the 3 lb burger challenge or a 12 egg omelette (we'll leave the challenges to Chestnut & Kobayashi).This is one of those joints that you don't judge a book by its a cover. They are only opened from 6am to 3pm, so don't delay...plan your next breakfast here and you won't be disappointed. if you aren't happy with their food...then you can pleasure your simple palette right next door at those golden arches. Aloha!!!
5	Thanks yelp. Looked up nearby breakfast on my phone. Found this place with almost 5 stars. Went there had a breakfast the size of my head. So good. This place is great!
5	My son and I decided to go here for breakfast after reading the reviews. I'd give this restaurant a definite 4.5. The waitresses are very friendly. The place does not try to be too trendy it keeps its decor from the 80's. The omlettes are very large and tasty,  I just wish they had some with a few more ingredients (most omlettes only have 2 or 3 items in them). The potatoes are to die for, they are thin sliced and crispy but not too greasy. The pumkin bread is the best way to go for the bread choice and its served with whipped butter.
4	I had to wait for tires to b put on wifes truck, so I decided to have brunch at omelette house it was next door. It's been a few years since I ate here last don't remember it being this good . I had the corn beef hash with eggs and potatoes. The corn beef had good flavor and very tender. The potato's were like a thick cut, potato chip. Very crisp and different from   plain jane hash browns or country potato's. Portion size was good . I won't wait too long to return.
5	A 12 egg omelet! No joke! I didn't have it but I saw it with my own eyes. I had a simple cheese omelet, unforgettable warm banana bread, and yummy thinly sliced potatoes. The service is quick, friendly and easy. You have to go off the beaten path to find this place but it is well worth it! We went before visiting Lake Las Vegas and Lake Meade.
4	I loved their banana bread. It came out nice and warm. They actually give you a choice of what kind of baked good you prefer - banana bread, pumpkin something or toast. When I ordered, the waitress asked me if I wanted a "Baby" omelette and I shrugged out an "okay" and gave her a funny look. Thank God she asked me that cuz I saw the other portions which were humongous. Apparently the normal omelettes use 6-8 eggs, while the baby ones use 3 eggs.The inside is very dated and needs some serious remodeling, but I appreciated how the staff knew everything on the good-sized menu by heart, that it was noticeably family owned, and that there was a very entertaining balloon guy that made everyone smile.Don't expect first class digs, but the food will satisfy you completely.
5	Another winner from YELP!  While visiting family in Las Vegas, wanted to go out for breakfast.  Although we were staying near the strip, everything there is overpriced and underdelivered.  We wanted to go somewhere for a good homecooked meal.  The Omelet House did not disappoint!The omelets were huge.  My 14 year old son had one with chili in it and try as he might, he couldn't eat the whole thing.    They were served with crispy potato chips, toast or banana bread.  Delicious.  This is definitely a place where two people could split one meal. Family owned restaurant has been around a long time.  Not fancy, but darn good food.
4	Excellent food. Went here on a Sunday (also Mother's Day) and it was jam-packed. My friend and I decided it was worth the 30 min wait to be seated, and also another 25 for the food. Our waitress did the best she could, but it was clear that the restaurant was a little overwhelmed by all the patrons. One nice thing we noticed was that they brought our side dishes (yummy banana and pumpkin bread) out first and kept on top of our drinks. Food was great and you get huge portions for the price.
3	I love the Charleston location.  I am not as impressed with this location.  While it is close to my house, thus available for breakfast on the weekends, I have say that the quality of food is not quite there, nor is the level of service.  Maybe I will give them a try again in the future, but there are so many places to get breakfast, they need to step up their game.
5	Good, good, good, did I say good "comfort/home style" food. The service is great, too. The entire service staff was smiling and friendly. Thanks once again,  fellow Yelpers for helping me  find me another keeper!I had the lobster omelet, loaded with fresh, not fishy tasting meat, and plenty of it. Nice gooey cheese and very fresh avocado stuffed inside, too.  Mmmmmm. Better, (larger,) and fresher tasting lobster omelet than at many New England diners where I eat regularly!I chose the banana bread as the side. A huge piece came out, oven fresh, ahead of my entree. Mmmm mmm. And what can I say about the spuds. Wow, home style potato chips hot and fresh. Not greasy at all, and seasoned just right. Another plus, nothing was over salted. That drives me crazy. More restauranteurs should cut the salt and let the customer decide, like they do here. Coffee came regularly and my cup was never less than half empty when refills were offered,  (By virtually every server that came past. What a team!) so my cup was always hot. How nice. If you leave hungry or feeling under appreciated, you need a diet and an attitude adjustment. I'll come back next time I'm in the area.
5	Awesome cowboy omelet!!! And as others have said the banana nut and pumpkin breads are amazing.
4	Woke up craving Waffles.  So I did what i do best: I yelped for a breakfast spot. :)I gave this place 4 stars for:Speedy and friendly service. Your normal all American diner spot...well lit, enough parking...The pumpkin bread was awesome.  #38 meat lovers omelet was crispy on the edges (I like) lots of meat, and spuds (seasoned and thinly sliced and friend potatoes) were tasty.Portions were huge.  I came here with two others, neither one of us were able to finish our orders.  we walked out with 3 boxes. :)Cons:(1)If you wanted to share an order (which are all pretty big) extra charge   0.95 just for an extra plate. (2)There was way too much cheese in the omelets.  I like cheese but when you cut into the omelets, if left untouched for a few minutes, you see a whole layer of cheese oozing out.  :( I don't find that tasty at all. (3) There were about 40 different styles of omelets to choose from but we notices that the options offered either had all meat, or all veggies: No options for an omelet with ham, spinach, mushrooms and tomatoes! Sucks...(4) Lastly, my waffle was okay. nothing memorial. It wasn't crispy enough, the inside was a bit too soft (I momentarily questioned if it was fully cooked), so i couldn't really pour the syrup on it.  Overall, I will definitely be visiting again. the next time however, I'll be skipping the waffle and settling for the pumpkin bread, asking for light cheese on my meat lovers omelettes and possibly some spinach too.  Thanks for a great breakfast Omelet house.  Tk
4	Great service. Great price for the amount of food you get. Try their pumpkin or banana nut bread.
4	Great ambiance!  HUGE menu!  But, to me, the food was kind of bland.  Though those spud things are outrageously amazing!!!The omelets are enormous!!!!!!  Go hungry!
3	Huge portions and a variety of omelets one does usually not see anywhere else. Spuds are tasty,omelet was bland. Service was nice.
4	I have no idea what I was thinking ordering oatmeal AND splitting "The Kitchen Sink" with Don. That was just way too much food to handle. For those of you that don't know. "The Kitchen Sink" pretty much has everything in it. I can't even tell you what the ingredients are because the description just says. "For adventurers only, this one really has it all." It's also the only omelet on the menu that comes in a size large and you can't get it in any other size. My oatmeal came out right away. It was in a regular size bowl with raisins, brown sugar, butter, and cream on the side. I mixed everything in and started chowing down. To be honest, this was the first time I've ever ordered oatmeal anywhere. I normally just eat oatmeal at home and feel like it's overpriced at restaurants, but I was craving it and it was only $2.99 (a great value for the amount you get). The texture was nice. It wasn't too thick, too watery, or too grainy, just right. I ate about half of it when the omelet came out. It was seriously huge and literally had EVERYTHING in it. It doesn't say it on the menu, but Mamie P. stated down below that it's made with SIX eggs. No wonder it's giant. I saw carrots, bell peppers, mushrooms, chili, hotdogs, cheese, bacon, ham, turkey, onions, broccoli...I'm guessing everything that's listed as ingredients for all the other omelets is in this omelet. It also come with spuds on the side and you choice of carbs, e.g. tortillas, toast, English muffin, pumpkin bread, or banana nut bread. We went with the banana nut, which was delicious and fresh. The spuds look like potato chips, but they're thicker and soft. Don is a potato freak, so he enjoyed them. The omelet was just a little too much for me, especially after eating half of my oatmeal. Don't get me wrong, it was pretty tasty with the mixture of all the meats and veggies, but I was just too full to enjoy it. If we ONLY ordered the omelet, I think I would've really liked it. Don enjoyed the amount of mushrooms it had in it and the Filipino in him really loved the hotdogs as well. I really suggest you only get "The Kitchen Sink" if you're splitting it between at least two people and that's all you're ordering. You should also be fine with the amount of random ingredients that are in it. It's kind of like an "ghetto" omelet in which everything is just thrown into. All in all, I like this place. The menu is very broad, they have about 40 or so omelets, and the service is fast and friendly. I noticed there were a lot of regulars when I went, so it almost felt like having breakfast at someone's house (not in an awkward way). When we were walking out I even noticed a cookie jar that was just like the cookie jar my mom had in our kitchen when I was little (http://s3-media3.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/s4JjYgLO5dGUUV9Op4YBrw/l.jpg). It was literally the same exact one. I didn't say anything, but ten seconds later, Don said, "Dude, that's the same cookie jar my mom had when I was little." So we learned that we had something in common as kids. Next time, I'll stick to a smaller omelet though, or maybe stuffed French toast and definitely another piece of their banana nut bread ;)
5	SOOOO GOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Can I even say that?  I can't believe they have places like this to eat anymore.  I had ordered the corn beef has and eggs, and it came with the BEST home fries I have ever tasted in my life!  This place is not for you to eat at if you are on a diet.Our waitress was so polite and the entire staff for that matter.  But she did something that has never happened me to before at restaurant. I LOVE zucchini sticks, and on their menu they claim they have the best one in town.  I was joking with her if they could just make one stick for me to try since I was so full from my breakfast, and with in 2 minutes she came out with one fried sick WHAAAAAAT?  I LOVED IT!If they had a place like this in Tucson I would be eating there everyday!
5	Best breakfast I've ever had. Great service, great food. I LOVE IT!
4	Love the omelet house.  I always use their 2 for 1 coupons on the r.j.  would be 5 stars but the restaurant could use  a good scrubbin.
4	Who cannot stop at the Omelet House?  It like the old time truck stop/ diner.  In fact I think the booths are from the 70s.  Service is good with them taking your drink order as you sit down.  The chip sliced potatoes are tasty but hit and miss if you like them all crispy.  Omelets are big and we usually end up splitting one but the big decision on which one to split.  If you go on your birthday you get a free meal.
5	I found this awesome hole in the wall from Yelp, thank you very much!  OH GOD IT WAS SO GOOD!!!!  After struggling with what to order, the menu is fantastic, so many really good choices, the people next to me were served.  Let me just say there was absolutely no freaking way I could possibly eat an omelet all by my self, my husband agreed,  we decided to split.  Here's the delicious concoction that arrived.  A very simple green chili, onion, jack cheese omelet, smothered with there verry good hollandaise sauce, they even put the sauce on the potatoes.  I'm talking heaven.  I seriously was having mouth orgasms.  Mmmm, aahhhhhh, I just couldn't stop.  Oh and I forgot to mention the breakfast also came with a choice of breads on of which was pumpkin nut bread, YUM!  They split every thing for us and were just so nice.  How refreshing, Nice waitstaff.  Go figure!  I will definately recommend again and go there when ever I happen to be on my way to Las Vegas.
5	This is my favorite breakfast joint...why?  Because I love corn beef hash and this place has the best corn beef hash I have ever tasted!If you are a huge fan of corn beef hash, then you will LOVE this breakfast place as well.  There were chunks and chunks of corn beef with potatoes.  I got the meal so it included the potato spuds (these are thicker home-made potato chips) and the homemade pumpkin spiced cake.  Everything was sooooo delicious.  This was a huge portion.  I took half of my food to-go and ate it for a late lunch and still tasted as delicious as during breakfast.Too bad they didn't have rice...I wonder if I can bring my own rice and just order a side of corn beef hash (pondering...nah).  Oh how much I love delicious corn beef hash over rice.  nom nom nomI repeat, this is the best corn beef hash I have ever tasted...
4	The banana nut bread is worth the trip. The coffee doesn't suck. Ask for milk for your coffee: half and half that lasts 3 months in the fridge. The omelet I ordered, Swiss cheese, mushrooms, onions is huge! Side of potatoes cross between home fries and potato chips.This place is so in the middle of nowhere but it seems a destination from throughout Henderson. I was grateful it was down the street from where I needed to be; served in a timely manner so I wasn't late.They have another outlet in Las Vegas, I think.
5	My wife and I needed to run some errands around town and wanted to hit a breakfast place.  I was in the area and checked Yelp for a tasty spot.  I had heard of this place before but put it in the back of my head.  I saw that there were about 50+ review and the place was getting an average 4 1/2 starts, which never really happens. I was excited to finally eat here.  Now, I don't ever really give 5 stars.  In fact the only way to earn that 5th star from is to provide exceptional service.  This place won it hands down.  Let me take a minute to explain before I get the food.  We arrived and there was a wait but not that long.  Sometimes I don't mind a short wait because most of the time the food is worth it.  We were seated in a booth by a tall guy in a black shirt.  He took the drink orders and then our waitress came a few minutes later.  I love it when place have people who make sure drinks are filled.  The wait is busy enough.  We have our girls with us.  My youngest is still little.  show we had the car seat in the booth.  When we got our food we asked for a seat so she could sit in it.  One of the employees said that we couldn't put a seat where were seated.  We said it's ok and we understand.  The gentlemen that sat us down saw my wife trying to eat and hold the baby and asked if we need the seat.  We said that we couldn't put it there.  He look at us and said "Why not?"  You need and then put the seat down.  I thought that was awesome!  One thing I can say about the food is PORTION! Wow, do you get a pile of food here.  I ordered the .38 special omelet.  It had all the meats in it.  My Wife ordered the egg scramble.  The food was tasty.  The potatoes were amazing.  They also have a giant 12 egg omelet you can eat if you want to bring out your inner "Man Vs. Food."  I also noticed they have a 3lb giant hamburger you eat too!  If you are ever in old Henderson by the boulder highway you have to check this place out! Cheers!
5	I was referred to this place by a coworker who has been coming here for breakfast every Saturday morning with his wife for the past 5 years. This place has a very old school diner look and is located in one of the older neighborhoods off of Lake Mead Blvd. in Henderson. The menu has a lot to offer and has a lot to choose from. My first visit I ordered the corned beef hash which comes with your choice of bread, two eggs, and potatoes. For my bread I tried the pumpkin spice bread which came out nice and hot smothered with butter. The corned beef hash was cooked perfect, thick slices of shredded beef cooked on the flat grill giving it a little crust making some parts nice and crunchy. Now I'm a big texture guy and the corned beef had the perfect texture combination of tender beef with a little crunch. The potatoes were awesome too. Now these were not your regular breakfast potatoes, they were sort of like thick potato chips with some pieces crunchy and some cooked nice and soft. They're also not skimpy on their portions here. The staff was very friendly and very welcoming. My cup of coffee never hit half.  The waitresses look like they've worked here for years but enjoy every minute of their work. I recommend coming early on the weekends because this place tends to get crowded quick. This place was so good I came back again that same week!
4	I live right down the street from this location.  We have been going there since Oct.  They have great staff!  Their rewards program is easy and worth it also.  The recently changed their menu and I would NOT recommend the waffles.  New item and they have not mastered the recipe or cooking temperature.
5	WOW! How have I not heard of this place sooner? I've lived nearby for over 7 years and did not know about this place. I am giving it five stars based on food and service alone. The place needs a makeover and the clientele was typical to "Boulder Hwy". I ordered the Californian omelette with egg whites and substituted the jack cheese for cheddar. My daughter ordered the corn beed hash. I give both a ten. The omelette was huge and I shared it with my younger daughter. I am still full after splitting a meal 7 hours later. The pumpkin bread was so good! The corn beef hash was the best I have ever tasted and you could tell it was fresh. The potatoes are outstanding as everyone else has stated. The server was friendly and attentive. Our bill for three people with drinks was less than $25. IHOP would be so much more and not nearly as enjoyable. I highly recommend this place and will be returning next weekend for sure!
3	The banana Nut bread is worth the trip alone. Everything else is either ok or great depending on what you get and like. I personally hate the spuds and wish they had normal home fries. Think of this place as a more comfy "I hop" with better food for your money. Not super, not bad. Acceptable, reasonable...
5	Seriously good food. I had no idea. After eating here I do not understand why anyone would wait for hours at the damn peppermill. Service was outstanding, extremely friendly and willing to help pick out something tasty on the menu.The pumpkin bread was fantastic. Served piping hot with tons of butter this little slice of heaven was extremely moist. It also came out before the omelet which was great because I was staving. I picked the baby meat lovers omelet which was three eggs loaded up with bacon, ham and sausage and then packed with two types of melty gooey cheese. It was great. The best part of this plate might have been the freshly sliced potato chips served on the side. They were fried crispy, needed a little more salt but other then that I loved every bite of them. This is the best breakfast spot around.
3	So hard to get into this place! Once you are inside it reminds you of a raodside diner that a trucker would go to. After looking past all that, the waitresses are nice and efficient. The food is great, but you really need to order the zucchini. Ho-Li-Moly. The batter is hella good and it comes in long spears. Great for dipping!
5	Oh delicious. Every time we come to OH, I say I'm going to eat something different, but alas, it never happens. There are three OH, one down the street from the other. The original is the one we've gone to the most, but the new location has mimosas and beer. Simple things my friends, simple things, especially in the morning after a very, very long night.The lobster omelet is phenomenal. Real lobster, avocado and Jack cheese. I am particular about my omelets and how they're constructed (yes, omelet snobbery exists), and OH puts a ton of lobster, avocado and cheese stuffed into the omelet instead of sitting on top of the omelet doing nothing. I strongly dislike lazy omelet makers that put main ingredients (other than chili, chile verde, etc)on top of the omelet only instead of inside the omelet, so OH does everything right. There is nothing like cutting into the baby Lobster Fest omelet (which is still massively large)and getting a supple chunk of lobster, cheese and avocado in every bite. The homemade chips that come with the omelet have a great seasoning on them that makes it easy to devour them in one foul swoop. My fiance has tried several different dishes. So far, his favorite dish is the lobster eggs benedict. I don't know how they make their hollandaise sauce, and I don't know if I want to. There are some high caloric foods that I don't need to think about when licking the plate. Picture a beautiful piece of lobster resting under a perfectly poached egg drowned in hollandaise sauce. Somewhere on the plate is an english muffin, but that's not as important as what's rocking out on top of the muffin. Some people don't want their EB drowned in hollandaise, so if that's you, ask for it on the side. I may or may not have dipped some of my chips in said hollandaise sauce just to ensure my arteries were clogged before working out later that day.Advice: Get the baby omelet. They say it is a baby size, but the baby size is large enough still for an ogre baby, because its still hefty and fills up 75% of the people who eat it. If you're getting an omelet topped with chili or chile verde (which is pretty delicious, but doesn't have enough kick like I'm used to with chile verde), definitely go for the smaller size or you'll be hurting in the restroom for many hours following your meal. Come on. That many eggs can rarely do a body good. Also, get the banana bread. Oh dear God. Piping hot homemade banana bread smothered in real butter (margarine is a crime against the world)not only has one of the most intoxicating smells, but according to my fiance the taste of it is fantastic.
4	I gave The Omelet House 4 stars because the food was great. We got alotthe wife and I could have shared one breakfast. The pumpikin bread was out of this world and I like the homemade chips. My wife had the hashbrowns and said they were perfect. I only have a couple of complaints the first what is we waited 10 minutes before we were seated I noticed there was a lot of empty tables the other complaints what is the coffee was watered down. the wait staff was very pleasant all in all my experience at The Omelet House was very good. I will be going back.
5	Great food and fabulous service. Sad to leave food on the plate, bit the portions are huge.
5	I feel like home here!I love this place foods always good the waitresses are always super nice huge portions and good prices. Tip: Get the Lobster Benedict trust me!!
5	This place was soooo good that in our recent trip to Vegas we kept coming here for breakfast everyday! Home style cooking, food was superb...everything we ordered was delicious! Portion sizes were large! The omelets are so good and very cheesy, ingredients were fresh and were served with thin and crispy potatoes.The Huevo Rancheros were my favorite. Eggs prepared to your liking and served on top of two crispy corn tortillas with beans, guacamole, and sour cream.  A type of tomatoe sauce on top of the eggs and a couple of crispy chips (wish it came with more.) I ordered a side of pico de gallo...yum!Pancakes, French toast...everything we ordered was great!But.....the best part was the awesome service!!! A+++++ Thank You! Everyone treated us great! We will be coming back :) can't wait!
5	Family Friendly for over 40 years!!! After a few days on the Vegas strip make your way home to Phoenix and be sure to stop here for your best breakfast experience. Home Made Cooking at it's finest.
4	Great food, seasoned just right. Great service even though we came 45 minutes before closing on a weekend day! I had an omelette and hubby had the BLT. Pumpkin bread is the bomb.
2	The reviews were so high I was expecting a delicious breakfast.  I was disappointed.  What they call "spuds" are mushy oily thick potato chips.  I had the eggs benedict and I swear they made the hollandaise sauce with corn starch. There is plenty to eat, only what there is isn't good. IHOP may get only an average of 3 stars, but at least they know how to make hash browns. Their bacon is nothing to brag about either. Pancake House beats them by a mile. I won't be back.
4	Classic breakfast place for locals and non chain lovers.  Skip Dennys and the casinos for the best selection of omelets you can find, 38 pre-made choices and endless options to create you own.  I went with the chili omelet which was excellent.  The chili was not too spicy and had a sweet taste up front and a little spice at the tail end.  It was big enough to share between two hungry people.  It came with a side of homemade potato slices that are fried, not quite a potato chip but a little thicker but delicious.  For an appetizer I tried the fried zucchini and loved it due to it being battered in a tempura style batter and the cheese sauce was a strange choice of dipping sauce but it was a tasty decision.  Great place to eat off a hangover but on weekend mornings it gets busy so be prepared for short waits.
4	The charm of an old diner  -  something you don't get much of here las vegas with most of our restaurants consisting of multi-million dollar celebrity chef build outs or some corporate conglomerate.  So an independent is great to have.  Service is always friendly and your coffee never runs empty.  They also figured out the simplistic nature of food and beverage - cold food served on cold plates, hot food on hot plates and its all served with a smile.  Most restaurants can't figure that basic part out...So on with the food - OH is the best independent free standing breakfast in the valley.  If you want a more refined breakfast, spend a bunch of time parking, walking through a casino, spending 5 times more, and dealing with a las vegas strip-union-pompous attitude server - read my other reviews.  But OH breakfast is very good - from there fresh breads, to their omelets, pancakes and my newest favorite - Lobster Benedict.  This Benedict comes with a good 4-5 ounces of lobster and its under $10!  Absolutely delicious and I'm not sure if I will ever order anything else on their menu.  I can't wait to go back and to eat it again.
5	Five years of buying an entertainment  and I never seemed to remember it this year I vowed to keep this as my bible in my purse.  So, the first restaurant we tried was Omelet House.  I can NOT believe I have never been here before.  The food was delicious.  The kid's menu could have had more choices but that is not a complaint.  My husband and I ordered an cheese omelet with tomatoes and avocado. The portion sizes were huge.  One of our kids ordered a hamburger and the other noodles with butter and cheese.  The staff were all attentive to our needs.  Amazing what a team they were having us have the waitress, two wait staff always check on us.  I also can't believe how fresh the food tasted and the avocados didn't have any brown on it. The booths were a nice size and I loved the decorations - very cozy.  I will come here again and again. Glad we made it here.
4	I'm a sucker for establishments with a comfort food feel and a tasty bakery item as a side option. The vintage kitchen appliances throughout the place gives it an even homey-er feel.I always get the Green Hornet omelet. Loaded with my favorite veggies and my favorite protein, this breakfast choice of mine gives me energy to accomplish all of my Sunday errands. Sometimes, if I eat all of my banana bread that accompanies my meal, I only find the energy to take a long nap, but either outcome, the food is always on par.Added fun stuff:-I like the 'we aren't going anywhere' sign I see as I drive up. It gives me a great deal of comfort.-the hidden easter egg/fake menu item in the middle of the menu. Fun!
1	We have been here several times and have liked there food.  We went yesterday for lunch and was very disappointed.  Do not get the fried zucchini.... horrible! Spuds are gross too.  Nothing special at lunchtime.  Cracked egg is way better and so is egg and I.  The service was not good either.  Maybe they were just having a bad day I don't know.  But we will not go back anytime soon.
5	Side of them fried potato chip/fries???  Addicting!Banana nut bread served warm w/ a side of butter??? Amazing!  The portion is large enough to eat some as a appetizer and save the rest as a dessert!  Haha!Lobster Eggs Benedict??? OUTRAGEOUS!!!  It had an abundance of lobster bits and slices of avocado; so good!Their portions here are fairly large and filling, but like a savage, I finished it all!  It's that good!
1	Service is awful. Waited over 25 minutes just to have our order taken. There were tables who were seated after us whose orders were taken before us. We were getting ready to walk out when the waitress finally came over. Never again.
1	Wanted to try this place since it's around the corner from where my boyfriend lives. The quality and service was on par with Denny's. In other words I've had better.
5	I really liked the biscuit and gravy here. They have good basic dinner breakfast and great service. Would recommend anyone give them a try.
5	We ate here the first time the other day for breakfast. We ordered chicken fried steak with banana nut bread and lobster eggs Benedict  with yummy hollandaise sauce and pumpkin bread. The bread was warm and it came with soft whipped butter. I have no complaints........I will order the lobster eggs Benedict again. The atmosphere felt like grandma's house. Our waitress was very fast, friendly, and attentive. Great customer service!!!! I'll be back!!!! A+
4	As a valley resident since the early 70s, I appreciate the fact that the Omelet House family has been an established local favorite for a very long time. Since relocating to the southeast Henderson part of the valley 5 years ago, this has become my favorite location. It is a pretty good sign when the faces of the staff never change. They are well appreciated with good tips by regulars like myself and don't leave. It is like my "Cheers" because I can go there alone and sit at the counter, or bring in a group and I am known. I always get quality service. I know that I am recognized as a regular, but I observe a consistency for everyone.The food servings are always ample and quite reasonably priced. I love bringing guests with kids here because of the Balloon Lady making the rounds with entertaining balloon creations. A young man serves as doorman and greeter while selling the Sunday paper. The staff is always friendly, courteous and accommodating even when they get slammed on Sunday mornings. Make sure to arrive before 8:30AM on Sundays if you don't want to wait for a table. I enjoy the Omelet House and am so at home that I don't see any flaws. It was recently pointed out to me by a guest that the restaurant's carpeted floor is not a hygienic choice. I have to agree. I would much rather see a floor that is easier to keep clean in an eating establishment. Nonetheless, I will continue to patronize the Omelet House, but I have to only give it 4 stars because of the carpet.
5	I have eaten breakfasts there for over three years.  They serve a very large breakfast menu, and it's all delicious. I like to have something different each time I go.Gene Hayes
5	Yelp proves again to be a trustworthy travel partner!Heading out of Vegas to the Hoover Dam, we decided we wanted something more interesting and cost-effective than the buffets. Omelet House did not disappoint, and was worth the drive.His plate: meat lover's omeletHer plate: green chili omelet, 'baby size' - pulled pork and green chili, ordered without the cheeseThe choice of pumpkin bread instead of toast was welcomed - and worth it! Green chili was fantastic, pork was not too fatty and really just perfect. His omelet was well received as well, however if we go back we'd both order 'baby size' since it's an overwhelmingly large plate regardless!Fried potatoes instead of traditional homefries - a great textural contrast, and I thoroughly enjoyed dipping them in my green chili! We'll be back again, even if we're not heading to the touristy Dam!
3	If you're looking for big portions at an affordable price, look no further. My husband loves their crispy corned beef hash and I like their Mexican influences dishes. Hot and fast food mixed with friendly service goes a long way!
4	Can't go wrong with the Black Forest omelet!
5	Amazing food amazing service. I would come back to Henderson just to come here! Pork verde omelette and pumpkin bread are to die for!
5	Greatest place to go for Breakfast on the Boulder Highway in Henderson!  Large portions, good value, and great food quality... the spuds (breakfast potatoes) rock my world!   Wonderful home-made banana and pumpkin breads, Chicken Fried Steak is awesome.  Staff friendly and fast service.  Lunch is good, their Mexican food is very good.Do not expect the decor of a high end restaurant, but the food is worth it.
4	Very solid breakfast, great value, and a lot of choices.  And, since opening up the other location at Boulder and Russell, this Omelet House is not nearly as crowded, so wait times are way down.  That's a definite plus, we've waited awhile before.  I typically get the chicken fried steak and eggs.  Good gravy, I ask for more on the side.  It's traditional sausage cream gravy with good pepper flavor.  I like the spuds, their fried potatoes, but I typically find the seasoning a little lacking.  So, I also ask for more seasoning on the side.  It's a good seasoning, not just your traditional seasoning salt.  My wife gets the stuffed french toast lately, but we both have had omelets (of course).  As many note, they are large, and a half, or "baby," is what my wife orders.  We also get it to go pretty frequently.  When ordering to go, they usually tell me 10 minutes, and they are spot on.  It's usual for me to be walking in the place while they are packing up the order.  Dine in or carry out, we will definitely be back to the Omelet House.
5	Great place-we were lucky to find it on our one week stay. Will be back every morning. The pumpkin nut bread is to die for. Waitresses nice and fast. Food wonderful and very reasonably priced. Thanks Omelet House. Would definitely recommend for breakfast without hesitation.
4	One of the best dive restaurants ever. The portions are generous and the quality is consistent.The corned beef hash is amazing and the service is efficient & friendly. Great value and worth the visit.
5	This was a surprise.  The food was great and the service was great.  The Omelet number 33.5 was hilarious.   The potatoes were a pleasant surprise, like thick potato chips.  Plenty of food and a clean restaurant.  We will be eating here again when we come back to Las Vegas.
1	This is hands down the worst breakfast place ever. I used to live right next to it and gave it several chances. Every time I got an omelette the veggies would still be hard and raw. i got huevos rancheros which you could tell the sauce was canned and awful. maybe even old who knows. So far everything I have tasted is disgusting. This place is so gross. Avoid at all costs
4	After a week of $20 coffee and croissant in LV, we ventured to Henderson for breakfast.  Wow!  Excellent omelets, staff was sweet and attentive, a great experience.
5	NEW REVIEW:Husband wanting to treat his two ladies to breakfast/brunch on Sunday and he chose to come back here.  We had about a 10 minute wait which wasn't bad at all.  The menu has so much to choose from.  It was only 11:00AM and we could order anything.  My husband ordered a omelet, I ordered a BLT and believe it or not my daughter wanted a cheeseburger.  My husband's omelet filled his whole plate with just a little room for the homemade chips and then he got toast on top of it.  I loved my BLT, the bacon was extra crispy and my fries were wonderful.  Daughter ate her whole cheeseburger.  I just love the decorations here on the wall - you really feel like you are in your grandma's kitchen.  Mom visiting soon from California and we will be back.
4	This is our brunch stop before we return to the Bay Area.Arrived on Sunday at around 10am, the place is packed with a wait line, but the wait was shorter than I expected. After around 15min, we were sat at one of the spacious booth.Ordered:Lobster Fest: come with real lobster meat and avocadoThe Sparticus: asparagus, mushroom, cheddar cheeseTried out their pumpkin bread and the banana bread instead of regular toast.Also ordered one hot chocolate and a side order of one pancake.They served the two pieces of bread first. Both were moist and tasty, but the banana bread to me was a little bit too sweet, whereas the pumpkin one had just the right amount of sweetness to it. If you have a sweet tooth or like banana flavored, definitely go with the banana bread. You just can't go wrong choosing their bread instead of the regular toast offered at any diner.Both omelet came with a generous serving of "spuds", which were freshly cut potato chips. They were crispy and very tasty, but since chips were easier to carry to go and much easier to consume on the road, we saved most of the chips for our way home. We knew before we ordered that the omelets would be big, so we ordered two for the three of us to share. And indeed, even between the three of us, we couldn't finish the two omelets. The lobster fest was pretty good, and did indeed come with real lobster. But what I liked was the sparticus, the asparagus invention was a surprisingly tasty, and somewhat healthier version. (I say somewhat because the portion is too generous to be called healthy!)Another plus: they offer you one free refill for the hot chocolate! Yes, it still won't compare to the unlimited refill for the coffee, but this is the first time I've ever seen a restaurant offer refill for hot chocolate, so color me happy!Overall a great meal, very friendly staff, easy location. The spuds were still crispy enough after a 9hr drive, and with a little bit of reheating (I recommend baking instead of microwave) back at home, tastier than ever.If I'm back in LV, I'll definitely visit this place again.
4	Went for breakfast. Great mo and pop feel to the place . Lots of vintage inspired decor and items for sale. Seated promptly. I ordered waffles special with walnuts and whipped cream. Yumm. The syrup is warm and delicious.  It came with 2 eggs and bacon. Everything was great and served quickly. Only complaint I had was they overcharged our bill,so just do a quick double check. everything else was great. Server took a while to warm up but once she smiled and joked a bit she was great.
4	Service was great, portions waaaay too large, chips for breakfast bad idea, but will go again just order different.  Food was very good.
5	This place is legit when it comes to omelets!  The portions are huge!  I got the meat lovers omelet and it was dericious.  Had a server who offered great service.  Would definitely come back especially on an empty stomach!
3	I have been here a couple of times. The best thing about this place is the service and the warm bread they bring out with the food. The potato spuds were decent nothing special. It has huge portions and its relatively cheap so if you're looking for a huge breakfast come check this place out!
4	I didn't think much of the place nor was it on my radar for restaurants I needed to try, but I was pleasantly surprised! Luckily for a holiday Sunday, it wasn't very busy and we were seated right away. Ruben and I ordered their very large omelets and could only eat half! The portions are ridiculously generous and the prices are very inexpensive. That completely earned them another star. I tried the "Plymouth Rock" with huge chucks of turkey breast, a lot of guacamole, and jack cheese with egg whites (I'm pretty sure there it was four eggs). Delicious. I got their "Spuds" with my meal, which are like housemade potato chips just a little thicker, so it still had their texture with some crispy parts. Little under seasoned, but good! With your gigantic omelet, you also get a choice of toast, Pumpkin Bread, or Banana Nut Bread. You must get the Pumpkin or Banana Nut. We ordered one of each and really enjoyed it! I preferred the Banana Nut (yum!), but both were good - moist, just enough flavor and sweetness, and of course, a generous serving. Service was really great and overall, great experience.
5	Dined here for breakfast on 4/4/13 with 3 friends. Everyone loved their breakfasts. BIG portions so come hungry or plan on sharing. I had the Stuffed French Toast, cinnamon apple + cream cheese. Added 2 eggs and 2 pieces of bacon for another 2 bucks. Good value. Good food. Waitress was friendly. What more could you want?
1	I love breakfast places but this one was slow and the food was not good at all. I had the #38 omelet. Large plate of food that was over cooked and greasy. One omelet and a cup of coffee $14.99, a bit over priced. Try the omelet house at your own risk...
4	Middle of no where but worth driving for their breakfast.  We yelped this place because someone said it was the best corned beef hash in town.  They were pretty much right on.  My boyfriend loved it!!  The pumpkin bread was good, but I wish they didn't nuke it.  When it cools down, it gets spongy.Big portions, especially the omlettes.  Coffee isn't bad either!Thumbs up.. we'll be back.
3	It was OK, big portions if that is your thing.  I couldn't get super excited as our server was pretty checked out the whole time but the food was good enough and lots of it.
4	Very goo quality food here.  They have great breakfast and good lunch ietms.  The burger I ordered this last trip was very big, and really good too.  I like the breakfast dishes here especially.  They are slightly different than a lot of other places.  My only issue is I wish they had normal hashbrowns, but instead they server some other form of potatoes.  Overall though, good food and good service, and that is why you come here right.
4	Luv luv luv the food. I live for their banana cake/bread. Big portions. You definitely get your money's worth. My fav breakfast restaurants.
3	Food was average but waitress was terrible! Asked what was on cajun salad...she didn't know and didn't offer to ask! She tantrumed when we asked for separate checks. She rolled her eyes when my friend asked to add a salad.
1	Went to the one at Boulder and Russell. First of all I have eaten at the Omelet House ever since I came to Las Vegas and this is by far the worst it has ever been! The service was nonexistent. The spuds must have been several days old. The OJ was warm. The #7 Omelet was just OK. I will NOT go back to this one. There is one about 4 or 5 miles south on Boulder in Henderson that has always been better !
5	I like the three Omelet Houses in Las Vegas and Henderson, Nevada. The meals are fresh and hot. The atmosphere is casual and welcoming. The portions are filling. It is a relaxing no-fuss place to get breakfast, brunch, or lunch. I have been going to these restaurants for years here, and I have never been disappointed.
5	We came here from Vegas on our way to see Boulder Dam. Breakfast and service were amazing!! Highly suggest their home made corned beef hash
4	Serious breakfast-eaters, this is your place.  If you don't like omelets, they have other stuff, I think, but I honestly can't say what it might be.You have 3 size choices for omelets too.  The egg-stavigantic 12-egg.  You also have the regular sized, which is truly plenty for normal people.  You can also order a baby-version of any omelet for a slight savings.  The baby is about half the size of the normal.  And by normal, I mean 12 inches wide and 2+ inches thick.  Two can also split the plate if you can agree on what have.I got the "38-Special", so named because it is # 38 on the menu.  Basically a meat-lovers with cheddar and jack cheese.  Best omelet I've ever had, anywhere.  Period.  There is a little of something on the menu for everyone.  Then there are the "Spuds".  Spuds come with just about everything and are an interesting cross between thick potato chips, and breakfast fries.They have other locations in the Vegas area, but I will gladly make the trip out to Henderson again for this mostly-locals spot.  Close enough to Lake Las Vegas (where I was staying) to be the breakfast spot of choice.Bring your appetites and stretchy pants.
4	What a find!! Sometimes I get tired of eating at chain restaurants in Henderson, or at the ever present casino....thank the egg gods for O.H.I appreciated the well ventilated interior, not too chilly (man you folks sure do like your AC) and silly art/memorabilia was perfect for my early breakfast mood.  So for food I ordered the smaller portion option---AND still took home most of my omelet. I opted for the slab of pumpkin bread and by the time I was done with that, I really had no room for food. Mind you, the left over chorizo-cheesy goodness that was my omelet was amazing the next day.I cant recall what my 2 companions ordered (I know, lame) but what ever your taste, O.H has it!!
4	I really enjoy this place for a Sunday breakfast. We usually go for the omelettes, but enjoy the pancakes and the banana bread is to die for. We started splitting an omelette lately, because they are huge.
5	Love this place! Extensive menu with lots of options plus they serve the best banana bread everrrr. Whenever I'm in Henderson I make sure to eat breakfast here
3	Had the Eggs Benedict in which the hollandaise sauce was very good!. Hubby had the Kitchen Sink Omlete which he enjoyed but for me there was just to much going on. We also had the pumpkin bread because of how good the reviews were but personally I just thought it was ok. Needed more of a pumpkin flavor. We would go back if we were in the area but wouldn't go out of our way to eat there.
5	We love this restaurant!  We visit the Omelet House every few weeks.  The staff are always friendly and the food is always fantastic.  The Stuffed French Toast and Lobster with Avacado omelet are superb.
5	This is the best one of the chain.  I had 2 breakfasts and a lunch here and whenever I am in LV, I will be coming back for more.  Good food, well prepared.  Always get the fresh spuds!  And the people who work there will tell you the best local places to gamble....
5	This is a great breakfast place. Great food. Could easily split an omelet as they are huge.  Pumpkin bread is fresh made , warm and delicious  . Will return again.
4	I stopped by the Omelet House with a group of friends a few Sundays ago.  We were looking for a good recovery breakfast after burning the candle at both ends all weekend.  After looking over the dozens of omelet combos I settle on the Porky Pig, which comes stuffed with sausage and cheddar.  On the strong recommendation of one of the others in the group that has been coming in for years I went for some of the homemade pumpkin nut bread.  Great call, it was awesome!  Served before the other food comes out it's warm and ready to soak up some butter.  I have to say that I was not much of a fan of their potatoes, as they were more like brau chips than hash browns.  They were cold and fairly greasy, and seemed to me more like what you'd get as a side at lunch. Besides omelets they have all the breakfast standards on the menu, as well as some tasty looking lunch options.  The service was fast and very friendly, and the environment was uber casual.  Toss in some great grub and it was just what the doctor ordered for me.  I'll be back!
4	We at at Omelet house because of the rave reviews. I will have to agree that the food is quite delicious. The omelette is a great portion. This is an "off the beaten path" type of places which I find to be worth it. Prices were cheap and the food is better quality than anywhere I have been with the same prices. Will be going back
4	The food is awesome, the service is good. The prices are a little pricey but the portions are large. I would recommend.
5	My wife and I are visiting from Oceanside California, we stopped in to the omelette house for breakfast. What a find! The waitress we had was attentive and super friendly and the food was great. When we saw the table next to us get there are omelets we were amazed. Those puppies are huge! So we decided to share an omelet.Our omelete which had shrimp and avocado in it was delicious. The pan fried potatoes were hand-cut and also delicious. I think I our omelet cost $9 but considering we split it it was actually a very inexpensive breakfast. Just one note they do charge $0.99 to share an omelet. Overall a great experience, my wife and I agreed to go back there tomorrow.
5	Oh Omelet House how I love thee let me count the ways..or in this case Omelets!If you love breakfast, this is the place. They have every omelet combination under the sun and they are huge! I've had several of their omelets and they are all scrumptious, but my favorite item on the menu is the Eggs Benedict Florentine. It comes on a perfectly toasted English muffin with spinich, mushrooms, poached eggs & a yummy hollindaise sauce!! I always ask for avacodo on it too!  Mmmm their hand cut spuds are an excellent side item. I love to dip them in ketchup!Their bread is also yummy! I prefer the rye bread, but they also offer pumpkin bread that looks good too.Omelet House's staff is so friendly and attentive to all your needs. They never let your coffee cup get empty. I've been to other locations, but this one is my favorite. If you come on a weekend morning be prepared to wait! It's totally worth it though! Omelet House never disappoints when your looking for a filling & yummy breakfast!
5	Classic lv breakfast and lunch spot. I highly recomend the lobster omelet and the Ortega chili burger..... This place is always good. Expect a small wait on the weekend's and holidays. The servings are huge and well worth the price.
4	Omelette House is one of those places that probably inspired the likes of Hash Houses, Pancake House & many others.Staff is likable and energetic- the guy on the wall was actually there!Coffee was great and they brought our Pumpkin Spice Bread while we waited.Food was delicious and visually AWESOME- corned beef was the best ever.I love avocado and guac- and they must have put a lb in my omelette.The place has been there for 19 years, and I know why.Henderson isn't the place most would drive to JUST for breakfast- but I'll be back this weekend...
4	If you are looking for a place with good food this is it! There omelets are huge. We either split one or take it home with us. The banana bread or pumpkin bread that comes with the breakfast is warm and delicious. The burgers, chicken fingers, and taco salads are very good too. You never go away hunger because you get lots of food and the prices are reasonable too. We love taking company there just to see the look on their faces when they see the omelets!
4	I only came to this location because it was the breakfast stop en route to Grand Canyon with the tour bus. Below is my review for their other location. Same criteria applies.This business lost one star because they are frying their homemade potato chips in oil that isn't hot enough yet. It's hit or miss with these. You're served some that are deliciously crispy yet, the other half of the chips are oily and soggy. Typical outcome when the potatoes aren't deep fried in the right temperature. I came to Omelet House twice while in Las Vegas. The first time was with my tour to Grand Canyon. Their location off of I-15 was our stop for breakfast. After tasting the pre-set menu for the tour folks, I had to go online and find their address once again. To my surprise, the original restaurant, this one that I'm reviewing now, is not far from The Strip. Finally I was able to have real Eggs Benedict which aren't found, to my knowledge, in Hialeah and I just had to try an Omelet since it's in their name. On this particular visit, I had the Eggs Benedict Florentine and a mini Omelet which, there was nothing "mini" about it. Both dishes were large with plenty of chips. The Banana Bread or Pumpkin Bread, the Banana Bread being the reason I wanted to try their food, is a must here. She emphatically suggested I try the Eggs Benedict Lobster next time I'm here. Which, I will. Soggy chips and all, it's worth coming here for a typical homemade Americanized Italian-based Breakfast. Other non-Italian based items are also available on their menu. Italian, however, was the stand-out to me. Please Note: This restaurant closes early. Check for times online.
4	Delicious food, friendly service. Portions are more than adequate.  No kid's menu, but a regular meal could be split among the kids.
5	The corned beef hash made me feel good about eating here,  no cans allowed.  Then I had the Lobster and Jack cheese omelet. The lobsters were fresh caught from Lake Mead earlier this morning. They had to open two more locations to handle the hungry throng of diners anxiously awaiting the best breakfast grub this side of the Rockies. Ask for Terri, she'll treat you right.
2	I'm just not a huge fan. My table top was dirty upon being seated, and altho the hostess saw me wiping it-she didn't apologize nor take over cleaning it. Food was just a notch above cocos or IHOP. I ordered the Benedict florentine. Way too much spinach. Very thick hollandaise, but not very tasty. Service was nice but no trophy. Guess this place is just a bit too cheapy trucker for me.
3	I have to give this place 3 stars because the food is really good, unfortunately the other 2 stars aren't warranted because of the lack of service. The food here has always been pretty good but the service or shall I say lack there of has always seemed a little suspect. As a person that has worked in the industry it seems as though they act as if "not one single person can break us"is the matter of which some of these servers care for the people they serve because they do stay pretty busy. I think the servers there need a refresher class in how they serve people in their establishment or fired whichever works. Okay rant over....
4	My husband, my parents and myself went here on a Sunday morning. The place is small, but I like the countryish deco and it reminded me of a cafe in my hometown in Texas. Our waitress was very nice and knowledgeable about everything on the menu. We didn't wait more than 10 minutes for our meals. We all got omelets (they have over 40 different ones!!). The food was abundant and so delicious. The omelets had to have more than 4 eggs each in them. Wow! I had breakfast for the next few days with my leftovers.  I will definitely go back and try something else on the menu. I don't think I can go wrong. On a side note, my dad did comment that the hash was on the sour side, but that some people make it that way and it was still good to him.
5	How can reviewers not give this place 5 stars?  We were staying on the strip in Las Vegas and headed out of town for the Hoover Dam.  It was so nice to get away from the strip and have a REAL breakfast.  I had the corned beef and hash with over medium eggs.  BEST corned beef and hash I have ever had.  It's your typical greasy spoon, hole in the wall type place.  Prices were reasonable for the amount of food you get.  We saw all the signs on the strip for "all you can eat breakfast" buffets starting at like $25 a person...yeah sure it is all you can eat, but can a person really eat $25 worth of food at a buffet (ok maybe some people can, but that is besides the point).  We got 2 very large breakfasts for 2 people for under $20.  Well worth the extra drive out of town to get to it.  If you are looking for a good breakfast place away from the strip try this place out!
5	I honestly don't think I've ever had a bad meal at the Omelet House! I've been going for probably 5 years now... I LOVE their omelets and the spuds too of course. Their banana nut bread is amazing too. Any other choice on their menu is awesome too. My fiance really loves the stuffed french toast with blueberries on top. It reminds me of my moms cooking and I'd recommend it to anyone :)
3	A little off the beaten path but worth the drive.  Hole in the wall old school diner.  Had the homemade corned beef hash.  Awesome.  Shredded and chunked corned beef.  Do yourself a favor and get the pumpkin nut bread for your side.  Also fresh and homemade.
4	Always great food and service.  Very happy to get you exactly what you want.
4	Had a great experience! I could tell upon entering as there was a 15-20 minute wait on an early saturday morning! The menu is overwhelming with so many options! I came in for brunch and ordered the corn beef hash, the dish was mediocre, as i found the corn beef very inconsistent with the meat size. I'd recommend they work on it a little bit. The fried zucchini, i give that dish a 5, even for a half dish it was plenty to feed about 4 people.The service is tremendous, staff is on point with refills (coffee/hot chocolate/water) and periodically checked in during the meal.I was also please to see the manager (featured in the monster pictures of the 3 Lb burger and 12 egg omelet) come by and deliver my meal!I would definitely go back and try something again.
5	The chili verde omelet was wonderful. Don't let the crowd waiting to get in scare you off. The lines moves fast & the food is scrumptious. The locals know!
5	Yes, yes, yes!  Huge omelet selection and the pancakes are delicious too.  Don't miss out on the "Farmer Juan".  If you don't want an eight egg omelet, try the "baby" 3 egg-er.The best part about this place is the service.  Real people working hard to fill your stomach quickly.  Gotta love it.
2	I've been here a fee times. One of my favorite places to eat. All three locations have great food and for the most part great service. This morning however, I had a very bad customer service experience. When we walked in, we were seated immediately. That was amazing. Waited on just as fast. Went up to the counter to check out and asked to have our check split. The cashier Jenny was extremely RUDE! Her comment was " you obviously didn't read the sign". The sign read , let your server know if you would like split checks prior to ordering. We were seated right away and didn't get a chance to see the small 8x11 sign. Then she was very RUDE when she asked how we wanted pt split it. Rolled her eyes on at least three occasions! I won't be going to that location anytime soon. Thanks Jenny for ruining one if my favorite spots. Thankfully there are other locations!
5	This is definitely our go to spot for breakfast or brunch.  Staff is always friendly. Food portions are gigantic and well worth the prices!!!  We eat off of it for days!Must order....homemade fried zucchini!!!  None of that pre made frozen stuff here.  Yummy pumpkin bread and ask for extra crispy spuds.Brought the kids here. They love it too. Order #33 1/2.   It's awesome!!!  Lol.
5	Boulder Hwy location is our favorite!!! Best food and the waitresses are the sweetest. Love the breads and the way they cook their eggs!
5	Food was amazing, huge portions, forget hash browns, these homemade chips are the bomb!
3	Good place for breakfast if you are in the area.  The portions are big. The food tastes ok. The service is fine, but I simply would not go out of my way to eat here. We tried the waffles, chorizo omelet, farmer Juan omelet and the corned beef hash. There was nothing special about any of it. We did, however, enjoy the banana nut bread, pumpkin bread and the fried zucchini. Definitely give those a try. So, if you happen to be driving by and suddenly have a craving for mediocre omelets and a great banana loaf, by all means, stop by for breakfast...if the wait isn't long.
1	I have been eating here since I was in high school (over 25 years), but my meal today was terrible.  Food was cold, stale, and looked like it had sat for awhile.  I think because I came in an hour before closing time, which isn't any excuse!  Also, service was bad.  The cashier asked if everything was good on my way out and I said it was just ok.  She took that as is and didn't even ask if there was any improvements they could make.  I won't return here again.
4	This is one of the better omelette houses in Vegas. With that said. It's one of the busiest omelette houses in Vegas. Expect long wait lines.Some of your servers have been around with omelette house a long time. The give it the down home country, hey how are u vibe. What can I say I love this place. One of these days I'll take on the 12 egg omelette or the 3lb burger. Until then give this place a try.Note: if u don't like waiting this us not the place for you. Call ahead and check their wait times.
5	Seriously, breakfast here is a heavenly experience.  Lol. Huge portions, so don't go there if you're on a diet. This place is always busy, but the service is great. Pretty decent prices too.
4	Best breakfast in town, omelets are huge and generious portion of spuds which are a must. The location can do with a renovation, but that adds to the atmosphere so I wont knock it for being an old establishment. The 3lb burger is bland and is in need of seasoning and flavor - but a fun challenge and you get your picture on the wall!
5	Service is great! The portion is big. One plate is good for 2 people or take it to go
5	Great place.   Too many choices of omlettes to chose from.  People r friendly and it's affordable.   Food is great too.  And they have a balloon lady for the kids.
4	Home fries are homemade potatoes chips....  That's not the limit of unique food here though.   The selection is amazing,  and you'll find a little bit of everything here.   I got the lobster omelet,  and you cannot go wrong fir $15 with this delightful dish.   Service is also great,  though we were the only ones in the place at 7am.  The only reason I'm not giving the Omelet House  five stars is that the place is a little dated.   It has charm,  but is in need of a nice face lift.
4	Green chili pork omelet! Kitschy and consistent food and service! This was the first breakfast I had in Vegas! Refills keep coming and the option of banana bread or pumpkin bread is a delicious touch!  It's obvious the staff works hard!
4	Quaint diner. Small town feel outside the big city.This place is located in "Hendertucky" on Boulder Highway. Service is quick, food comes in huge portions, menu is varied (lots of omelet selections obviously), and coffee is served up hot. All pluses for me. Another plus was their warm, soft delicious banana bread served up with nice, spreadable butter. I love a place that brings me butter with my banana bread. That's the way to eat it right!Husband and I both ordered omelets which were overflowing off our plates. We ended up taking a big portion of our meals home. I'd say the omelets had to be at least 5-eggs. They do not skimp.If you're in the Hendertucky area and need a filling breakfast, this one is a winner!
1	Went here for breakfast.  Told the wait would be 15 - 20 minutes.  Waited 30 minutes.  Went to ask how much longer.  Told 30 more minutes.  Our name was 2nd down on list.  Do not appreciate being lied to about the wait.  We left.
5	This place may have an unappealing 1970s country diner vibe, but the high food quality, huge portions, low prices, and excellent service will definitely win you over. I live on the other side of the valley on the west side of I-15 but this breakfast spot is always worth the trip.The number of omelet options is staggering and I can't stress enough how massive the servings are (the standard omelet has six eggs). The breakfast potatoes are also the best in town -- although they're more like thick potato chips than traditional hash browns -- and the pumpkin bread and banana bread will "blow you away."You can't go wrong with most of the items, but my favorite omelets are the Chili Verde (pork, green chile sauce and jack cheese), the 38 Special (ham, bacon and sausage with jack and cheddar cheese) and the Country Club (turkey, bacon, tomatoes and cheddar cheese). The homemade corned beef hash is also amazing and may just be the best I've ever had.This restaurant even has a famous food challenge (the Flatlander's Special) that makes people's eyes bulge out when they see it on the menu. It has to be a joke, because it's probably the most disgusting thing I've ever heard of... If you're man enough or woman enough to order it, the Flatlander's Special consists of raw liver, parsnips, peanut butter, organically grown black jelly beans, sauteed grunion lips (2), and gardenia petals and then topped with mint ice cream. Enjoy!
5	Drove 20+ miles to eat here. They have the best spuds! Best omelet in town so far, very good home made corned beef hash too :)
5	Best pancakes around. Staff is always friendly the breakfast is always delicious. Portions are massive , makes a great brunch location, 7am-3pm.  My favorite is the cinnamon apple topped pancakes . However they are best known for.. Omelettes.  With 38 to chose from you will definitely find something you like. Give it a try and you'll see.
4	Stopped in for breakfast because of Yelp reviews and we were in the area. The place was packed but we were helped quickly and everyone was so polite and welcomin. Even the young boy outside selling newspaper hopped up when he saw us coming, opened the door, welcomed us, and wished us a great day.  Everyone checked on us throughout our meal, not just the waitress, and were very friendly. The food was delicious and in very large portion. I ordered the biscuits and gravy with bacon. The spuds were a surprise and were slices thin and fried with salt and pepper on top. I loved them! I wouldn't hesitate to come back the next time I am in the area.
5	Amazing food! Highly recommend the chile verde burrito. Their house potatoes are great too, as well as the banana bread. The staff is super polite. It was so good I went there two days in a row and they remembered me on the second day!
5	Corned beef hash is amazing, as is the verde omelet, and Huevos rancheros! Best Huevos I've ever had. Pumpkin bread is amazing. Service was top notch. So many regulars. Honestly one of the best breakfasts I've ever had!
5	Massive portion sizes! Fair prices.I came here with my parents on a Sunday morning; the place was packed. The restaurant is fairly large with plenty of indoor waiting space. Wait time was about 20 minutes. Service is quick and friendly.  Now onto the food. The three of us (small Asian people), ordered two entrees. First ,the Short Stack Combo: 2 pancakes, 2 eggs, and 2 sausage patties.Great pancakes, they're a bit sweet so you don't necessarily need syrup.Eggs and sausages were flavorful, but were not unique Finally, the Kitchen Sink: A massive omelet with all the varieties of meat and veggies, cheese, and house special chili. Served with a side of carbs bread and potatoes. We chose pumpkin bread. The bread is served fresh and warm with plenty of butter. It's  Its soft and fluffy and great with a bit of butter. Delicious! The potatoes are chips, not crunchy with a bit of seasoning. The omelet is massive! Delicious! Flavorful! Everything you ever wanted from an omelet was served. I took home half and I needed split it into two servings to finish. It was still good days later.Omelet House was worth it! Get the Kitchen Sink and share with 2-3 people. Worth every penny. :D
5	A very friendly service, fair prices for very good foods. We were 6 and we all said that they are the best omelet and best pancakes we've ever had
5	One of the best places to get breakfast in Henderson! Huge portions, good bang for your buck, and quite possibly the best cup of coffee I've had. Love this place!
5	They have the most amazing warm, freshly baked, and melt in your mouth good pumpkin bread! I would come back just for the bread! I had the kitchen sink omelette which came with chili, cheese, green bell pepper, bfast sausage, hot dog, chicken, and mushrooms. At least that's everything I can recall. The omelette is a large portion and fed two people with a little left over. The potato chips are great once served to you eat them up bc they have the balance of crispy and soft! They eventually get kind of soggy.. But I still think they were the best I've had! I'll definitely be back and will be sharing the good news with others to come try omelet house!
3	Work nearby good service, very close by to me. The food is really greasy. Not a bad place to go to one a month every day I don't think so.
4	Friendly staff. Stuffed french toast with cream cheese and blueberries sausage and eggs- SOO GOOD!HUGE proportions.Chorizo omelet with pumpkin bread and potatoes- HUGE AND VERY TASTY!Health Nut Vegetarian omelet with mushrooms zuchini pepper jack cheese - pretty good too.Overall BIG proportions. One order contains approx 3 seevings if you're not a pig. Not too salty like other breakfast joints.
5	Ate brekkie here one morning on a Sunday, the place was insanely crowded but the staff was very efficient and seated us fairly quickly.The food was so tasty!!! I usually like to hit Blueberry Hill when I'm in the area but we thought we would try a new closer to our friends place and we were not disappointed. We only tried this place because of the good Yelp reviews, so thanks Yelpers! You are always spot on.I had the french toast (perfect) and my wonderfully picky fiance had an omelet. Our friends also had omelets and everyone was full and happy after we were done.I will definitely return here, thanks again Yelpers for the recommend!
5	I actually found this place because of yelp I decided to go have breakfast there last week and it was incredible. I was only able to eat half of the omelette and a part of the pumpkin bread there was so much food it was crazy.  It was excellent... the place isn't anything to look at but the food is worth the trip!
4	Very good home sty;le breakfast.  We have been to other locations - always yummy.  Feels like a neighborhood diner.
5	I stopped in here based on yelp reviews and I was not let down!! I can eat and I almost couldn't handle all the food they threw my way! I will be back and tell my friends
4	A solid 4 stars because the food is great,  It's clean, kitschy and very generous for the price.  Expect to take food home unless you are feeding a teenage boy. Server we had was not a perky high energy person but since we came in an hour prior to closing, she was fine. Our omelets were hot, fluffy and exactly as ordered,  which isn't easy since the Hubby must order HIS way!!!LOLWe enjoy bringing out of towners here because of the consistent quality in food & service.
5	Great service and great food!! Will definitely return here when we come back to Neveda!!
4	Went here with my in laws. Oh my goodness, I love those potato's crispy chips they serve with breakfast. The simple breakfast was done just right and the menu was hilarious. Thanks for the good breakfast food. I will be back for those potato's
5	I really enjoyed my breakfast at omelet house, I had the corned beef hash and banana bread, my daughter ordered an omelet it was huge could have ordered 1/2 size and it would have been plenty. We will be going back again!
5	Aawsome food and you get a lot of it.  The wait staff was real attentive.  Would definitely recommend.
5	Love this place! ! Pumpkin bread is AMAZING .Great portions you get what you pay for . Forget ihop and dennys .
4	Pumpkin and banana bread amazing good service interior rundown And they need to clean better definitely in need of tlc. Now the food ..... Portions huge omlets amazing everything cooked perfectly taste almost perfect.  Service - 7 to 8 out of 10 but the place busy do it is what it is. Let me add that once she brings the check she basically shuts down nice mode and goes into omg get out mode
5	Great diner to stop in and enjoy hefty portions of breakfast food while you're chilling in Henderson, NV.We stopped in on a busy Sunday morning and only had to wait for about 15 min before we were seated. They're pretty fast and efficient here, and I'm talking about the local customers not just the servers. :P-Eggs are cooked well.-House potatoes were BOMB diggity! I totally thought I was going to pass on these but they're like thinly sliced potatoes sauted lightly with some salt and pepper. I ate them like chips! -Pumpkin bread was moist and delicious as well.Definitely a diner we will return to if we're ever in this area again. Side note: If you're sort of a "health freak" but you do enjoy diner food, bring your own packets of Stevia to sweeten your coffee. They only carry the "bad sh*t" here (Sweet'N Low or).
5	I really loved!
4	Came here on recommendations from Yelp. When we got here on Sunday morning, they said the wait would be 10-15 minutes, but we ended up getting seated within 5. The service here was the best. We weren't limited to one waitress; multiple waitresses stopped by to ask if everything is okay, to fill our coffees, to clear our plates, and to bring us things we asked for. I split the corned beef hash and apple cinnamon french toast with one other person and it was more than enough food. The corned beef hash was probably some of the best I've ever had! The meat was very lean and partially cubed; not too salty, but very tender and tasty. The potatoes they came with were awesome; like a thick-cut potato chip, reminiscent of a potato wedge. The apple cinnamon french toast was just okay. It ended up being a little too heavy for both of our tastes with the cream cheese filling. Coffee, though refilled a lot, was a bit watered down for my tastes. Overall, I'd definitely return! The service here was great and they had a large menu with large portions.
5	This place has so much Las Vegas history.  It's so awesome to see how the city has evolved since the Elvis days with all thePhotos on the wall.  Oh and the food? To die for.  Portions are huge and the price is right.  Definitely recommend this hidden Henderson gem.
5	The best breakfast spot in old Henderson. The omelets are monsters, made with six eggs and filled with whatever ingredients yours comes with. They also come with fried potatoes with a great seasoning, I like to get a little extra on the side. Also delicious pumpkin or banana nut bread is a choice instead of toast. I can't really comment on the other dishes because I always get an omelet here. It will be busy, especially on the weekend mornings.
5	This place is great. I love the fries and the omelette. It really is a family restaurant like they say. I would go here erry Sunday with my pops. One of the restaurants that I personally think is best well run with at this location
4	I like this place.  We had a pastrami hamburger, chicken sandwich, and chicken soup.  All were quite tasty and reasonably priced. I will definitely stop by again when I am in town.
5	Seriously good Corn beef hash was amazing. My new favorite breakfast house,
4	HUGE portions, tasty, not the best quality cheeses used in the omelets, but huge.  Mine was a little dry, (spinach, mushroom, jack) but hubbies had chorizo and was more moist.  The banana nut bread was wonderful and beats toast anyday.  Side of bacon cooked just right.  Only downside it's a little spendy.  About $30.00 with tip for two.
5	Came here on New Years day and even though it was very crowded, the wait was minimal (they told us about 15 minutes but seated us within 5).  I had probably the best omelet I ever had, I went with the Meat Lovers Omelet with Polish Sausage, and it was freaking amazing.  The portions were huge, I literally had to bring 1/2 of it home with me, I reheated it the following morning and it still tasted great.  My wife got the stuffed french toast, and we thoroughly enjoyed both of our meals.  We will be back several times I'm sure.
