3	Alrighty.  Third times a charm.  Yes. ...and no.  Like I said, third time here; I like the atmosphere.  My 1st experience here was almost 2 months ago; I had a coupon from the Dollars-n-Sense magazine (or ValPak...) and it went good with the gentleman who hooked up my mani & pedicure.Second time a chick ( think her name is/was Terri ) did her thang and went to town on me, every detail was taken care of, cuticles, filing, neat clear color on my hands and PERFECT polish of french on my toes.  Oh!  And a paraffin wax comes with EVERY pedicure; how freakin' fan-tab-u-lous is that!Third time.  Good job; new(er) chick, I think.  This would have gotten four stars but the one thing that irritated me is she answered here cell phone 5, no people, I don't think you heard me; that's FIVE times while working on me.Now, I know I'm picky in my own me time meaning I place my phone on silent whether I'm at the nail salon, spa for a massage or what have you.  But the technician, that just makes me do one of those city-moments, oh Ladies you know the moment, when you take a deep breath and let the air escape slowly and roll your eyes...Yeah it was like that.  I still tipped good, but not well like the previous two (2) tech's.Again, good job but as a customer who gets one day a week to herself, IMHO, save the convo for later...
4	based on the reviews here vs the reviews of a lot of other salons in the area, i went here on a whim for my first pedi of the summer. i'm not really a mani-pedi person, but just wanted a better reason to wear sandals, and a quick, no-frills pedi that will leave my toes looking fresher than when i came in.what i got was:-immediate service (i was a walk-in, and someone greeted me immediately and after finding out I wanted a pedi, had me pick out a color and showed me to my chair)-friendly staff (mostly quiet, which is fine, because i'm not a chatty person and really don't like small talk)-skilled technicians (i've had pedicures before that were painful, and this was quite relaxing. my only complaint was the paraffin wax part. once it was on my feet it was fine, but they bring out the hot wax in plastic bags that they put on your feet, and it's freaking HOT. like scalding hot. but it cools down very quickly once it's on, it just threw me off for a second, and was slightly unbearable.)-overall, pleasant experience. only 4 out of 5 because of the too-hot wax, but maybe that was a fluke. it was very reasonably-priced ($30 pedi, $35 deluxe pedi that includes a sea salt soak) and it was a nice experience. i will more than likely return.
1	Wow...I read the reviews on this place and expected a really good pedicure...WRONG!!!!  One of the worst I have ever had and I go monthly.  To start, the water wasn't warm, I informed the lady and she didn't even warm it up.  I was looking forward to the paraffin wax except it was painful, the wax was scorching hot that I thought my foot was going to burn off (after soaking in luke warm water this felt aweful).  The polish job was aweful, they did not polish all the edges.  When I left, I expected smooth feet as usual but this is not what I got.  I will not go back!!!  We only went here because we found a coupon online for $25 pedicures...NO thank you!!! Ladies, spare yourself and go to La Vie, best nail salon in Madison!!!!
5	Not sure why Star Nails has low star ratings.  I think Star Nails is hands down a 5 star nail salon!  I enjoy getting my nails done every month (mostly pedicures), and this place gave the BEST pedicure I've ever had.  They fit my mom, 2 aunts, and me in at the same time as we walked in.  They were extremely friendly, talkative, and professional.  Included in the pedicure was a Parrafin wax, salt scrub massage, lotion massage,  callus removal, hot stone, and of course the shaping of your nails.  If I lived in Madison, this would be my new "go to" for nails.  Great job Star Nails.....
4	Took my Mom here on Mother's Day for some mani/pedi bonding time and were both very happy with the service.  Best pedicure I've had in Madison.
2	I have been to Star Nails a few years ago and quit because of bad service. I used to always have a great pedicure and then I got one that was sloppy and only 30 mins. I decided to give them another try- the pedicure was fine, but the polish job sloppy- one nail I have to totally redo. Not sure I will go back- I shouldn't have to come home and re-polish. For $35. I expect a good pedicure and my polish to look good . I'm not sure they care about quality- too bad, but there are a lot of nail salons around.
4	I've had everything from $15 basic to $50 manicures that included all the bells & whistles.  My hands are in water at work throughout the day so rarely get mani's unless it's for a special occasion, as they look great but won't last.  We went to Star Nails after a recommendation for a friend's birthday a week ago... and my manicure still looks perfect.  AMAZING.  I will definately go back... ALOT... for the great price, service & length of time my nails remained looking gorgeous.  Standard looking salon but ridiculously low price & a hot towel hand massage to boot.
4	I've been going to Star Nails for about 3 years for mostly pedis, and an occasionally mani.  Out of approximately 30 visits, all have been positive with great massages and  perfect polishes.
4	Still a Star Nails fan, and receiving the same good service.  Some of the nail technicians are more experienced and perform better work; overall good value for the price.
1	The polish looks fine but I have a few issues with this place. 1. The lady that setup the foot bath had issues with the drain/water and it sprayed me right in the lap of my pants. I was SOAKED!  It literally looked like I had wet my pants. I was visiting from out of town and it was my birthday so I tried to keep it together but I wasn't happy. I had to go back to the hotel and change before dinner. They didn't even discount my pedicure. 2. The paraffin was very hot and I had mentioned it to the lady but she didn't seem very concerned. She swished it around for a second but it didn't help. 3. They kept telling people that the floor was wet and to be careful when getting up. I am pregnant and no  one helped me get up or warned me about me floor. My friend made sure I was OK and didn't fall. I will not be recommending them to my friends and family that live here. I will also use another place when I come into town. This was a disappointing experience.
1	I have been getting the most amazing pedicures at this place for years. This past year I have had the worst experiences. The day before my wedding I had an appt for mani pedi and they told me I'd be out and able top pick up my gown in two hours. Well I didn't leave for four hours. The man who did my mani didn't speak English and he misunderstood and assumed everything.  I wanted fake tips with a polish i brought in. He told me he couldn't use the opi polish I brought.  So I agreed on a natural French gel look. First he started a shellac and I asked him what he was doing. Then i had to explain again i wanted fake tips. So he started the gel after putting on tips, but he made the white part way too long. I told him the proportions were off and he quickly and angrily filed All of the tips off completely. I asked why he would do that and what the point of getting fake tips was when I wanted my nails to look longer than they were (at the time completely cut short because I was gardening).  He started getting rude,  condescending, and hurting me with the rotary filer. I was so frustrated with trying to explain, but he didn't know English,  and so i have in and Started crying because I was trying so hard to explain the simple look I wanted. I asked him to just take everything off because it was going on three hours and I needed to leave so I could pick up my gown. He started soaking my hands and the manager said he would have someone else do my nails. The second guy who did them told me that using a natural pink gel powder would make my nails look old and withered so he suggested a pink gel. By the time he finished my nails looked like they were hit with a hammer and were too long. I had never had someone do something like this to me and i had trusted them to make it right.  I just wanted to leave at that point. I paid, rushed to pick up my gown just as alterations was closing, headed home and cried because my $50 nails looked awful and were too long to function. That night I clipped them down, filed them, and painted three coats of my blush nude polish on them to cover them up. I've never had such a frustrating time and wasted so much money. That is the one thing that went wrong for my wedding everything else was perfect. Because of this huge let down, they lost a frequent customer for good.
1	This was a bridal disaster. I called to book an appointment for 7 members of my bridal party a month in advance and they did not ask for a specific time, what we wanted, or my name to hold the reservation. They responded by telling me to just come in. That was my first red flag. When we all got there, the man said they had no indication of my appointment. They showed no sign of remorse that this happened. Trying not to be a bridezilla, I contacted a few other nail salons to see if we could get in, but that didn't work out so we decided to wait it out. Three of us were able to sit and soak our feet. What a luxury that my feet soaked for an hour!!! My nails did turn out wonderfully, despite the child labor going on. Oh, did I mention that there was child labor? There were two children, no older than 12, taking credit cards, removing parrifin, and spraying alcohol on the shallac manicures. Overall, I would not recommend this nail salon, even though our nails turned out the same as any other nail salon.
1	I recommended this salon to a friend of mine when she was finding places for us to go get our nails done before her wedding. I come to this place all the time for manicures and pedicures and have always been pleased with it. My friend decided to try it out and called ahead of time to make an appointment. Well on July 24th my friend (the bride), 3 other bridesmaids and the mother of the bride showed up (I was meeting them there after work). The salon claimed they lost their appointment and was rude and never offered to get them in at a different time. So my friends had no choice but to leave. They called me and told me what happened...We ended up going to La Vie Nails on the east side of Madison. They were very welcoming and was able to fit us all in even though they were busy. Because of this experience my friend had a couple days before her wedding....I will never come back again and won't recommend this salon to anyone else. Very disappointing.
