1	I currently live here and wish I had never gotten into a lease with these people.  Our water gets shut off probably around every couple of months and that's being generous.  They're constantly turning the water off for the entire complex because some of the apartments are not getting hot water.  The water has been shut off probably around 4-5 times since I have lived here, and I moved in, in May 2011.During the summer when they shut the water off, there was also no A/C because it's all connected.  There is no running water as I'm writing this review!  I've had to call maintenance 4 times that I can remember since I have lived here.  Once because the doorknob came off the linen closet, twice because the garbage disposal wasn't doing its job and once because the shower head was so rusted that no water would come through it.  Once the lease is up, I'm out of here.
1	Worst ever all sorts of plumbing issues. Water is shut off for hours and hours up to 26 hrs is the record don't live here
1	I live here and have for about two years, and can't wait to get out if here!The water is turned off with no notice, come home from work wanting to shower or do dishes and can't, and never know when it will be turned back on.. Kids are everywhere which is fine until they tear apart the bushes and trees, throw rocks at your windows. We got a notice on all of our doors talking about the noise complaints going on and to make sure us and our guest follow the rules and respect everyone.  90% of the time the noise and fighting between adults is someone part of the maintenance guys family.. Don't tell me and  the residents to be respectful when you hire someone and house them here , that can't do it! I'm so done with them place and the noise and constant yelling .
1	Not very good. It smells like marijuana most of the time. Its sad that I have gotten used to that smell. The laundry room is ridiculous. You get a card and you put money on it and when you use it on a laundry machine, it usually reads Error, yet still takes money off your card. The women in the office are rude. Their attitude is pathetic. Maintenance is a horror story. They come unannounced most of the time and forget about awful problems around here. My dishwasher was apparently leaking water into the apartment below me, into the poor woman's cabinets. of course, I had no way of knowing that, but it took them about a month to fix it. They said, "Run your dishwasher and we'll check and see if its leaking and get back to you." Did it, and they never came back for several weeks. They came back and told me it was my dishwasher (it took three of them to decide that) and they were going to replace the entire dishwasher. They left a mess in the kitchen when they replaced it. My husband threw the mess they made outside of the apartment and said, "They can pick it up." Eventually they did! It was the least back breaking work for them I guess.
1	I know that sometimes, the ratings on these kind of sites are low and people exaggerate. But Arcadia Del Sol fully deserves its one star rating. 1. The water is always off. ALWAYS. It is either fully turned off or the hot water is off. It happens several times a month. They never actually fix the problem, they just band-aid it up and wait for it to happen again. For all of the money that Allison-Shelton makes off of this place, they don't put very much back into it.2. Which brings me to my second point. They just put a TON of money into painting to attract new residents instead of taking care of their current residents and fixing the existing problems (such as the water, a/c, etc.)3. They are SHADY!!!! I lived in an apartment where the a/c did not work (they finally admitted it after about a year of me complaining and they told me it was all in my head basically). They said the whole column of apartments did not work, and that they were not moving anyone into any of them. We switched apartments and literally a month later they moved someone into our apartment.4. They advertise a lot of features that are pretty much non-existent. They advertise 2 pools (always green and uncleaned), a gym (that was taken out years ago), a courtyard (that is covered in dog poop), and a lobby room for events (that they are currently using as storage).5. Everything around here is SO old and falling apart. The countertops are some old material from the 70s that if you get a drop of ANYTHING with color on it, it will be permanently stained (that's not an exaggeration). My faucets leak, my carpets are stained, the closet doors don't function (ie they sit there, they dont really open), etc.6. Lastly, the marijuana. They say they serve the drug users in the community with papers for fines and asking them to stop, etc. and the residents deny they use marijuana.... why not just evict them? Because the apartment complex only cares about the money.This apartment complex has so much potential but unfortunately, the management is awful and I am so thrilled to be moving at the end of my lease.
5	I have read other reviews on Arcadia Del Sol and all I can say is I've been here for a little over 5 years and love it here.  The manager, Kristin, is all about keeping the residents happy. I had an issue with an upstairs neighbor making noise and she handled it professionally and courteously.  I no longer have the issue, thanks to her and the other management team.  As far as the water problems, every apartment complex I've ever lived at has had plumbing issues and it's not management's fault or maintenance's fault.  Maintenance recently fixed a leaky ceiling in my bathroom and cleaned up after themselves.  I was extremely impressed.  About the kids, there's not much you can do to make other people's kids behave.  Sure, management can warn the parents all they want, but they can't police the kids 24/7.  I don't recall the pools ever being closed every other week.  I am very happy living in my apartment.  In my opinion, Kristin, her team and the maintenance crew all strive to do the best job they can do with what they have.  Kristin is the best manager in the over 5 years I've been living here.  She goes above and beyond to try to make you happy.  Barry, Allen (sp?) and the rest of the maintenance team do their best as well to try to make you happy. One resident complained about the dog doo in the courtyard.  That is not management's fault.  The residents are told to clean up after their dogs and there are bags supplied in order to do so, but it's the residents who don't follow the rules. By the way, I am not an employee of Arcadia del Sol, I am a resident.  Give Arcadia del Sol a chance.  I'm glad I did.
