4	This place seems to be halfway through a name-change and was formerly Yen's Gourmet (http://www.yelp.com/biz/yens-gourmet-pittsburgh#hrid:jfHdFltRVZ3F82lYFiBZFQ).   This is cheap, neighborhood takeout at its best.Lunches include an entree, rice, and soup or a soda, and most of them are under $5.  Most entrees are under $9 (except seafood entrees - the most expensive of which is $10.95).  The food is good and the restaurant is clean.  There is a big dining room with a cool circular doorway and the kind of typical Chinese knick-knacks you usually see, but it's fairly tastefully done. As far as food goes, their vegetable fried rice includes more veggies than usual, and the sesame tofu is deliciously crispy.  It has 2 pieces of broccoli on the side, so you can pretend it's good for you.  The vegetable spring rolls are really tiny, but you get 2 for $1.50 so you can't really complain.  The hot & sour soup appears to have no beef - good news for vegetarians.  They also have some cool combination dinners where you get soup, a spring roll, a chicken wing, rice, an entree and a cookie for $10.50.  How this place makes any money is beyond me.  The only thing I haven't liked so far was the vegetables in yu-shang garlic sauce, but everything else has been good.If you live in the neighborhood, definitely check out China Star.  You get a lot of bang for your buck, it's fast and it's never crowded.
4	We order in from here about once a month.  It's typical "red menu" Chinese but tastes very good.We always get takeout.  They have yet to mess up an order.If you are nearby this is the best Chinese in Greenfield Sq. Hill.
5	This is delicious chinese take out! For meat eaters, they have this great dinner deal where you get a soup, an eggroll, some sort of entree like cashew chicken and a cookie for under $10! They also deliver, don't have a minimum on credit cards and are overall great.
4	Eh... 4 stars is more like rounding up from 3.5.The food is ok by general Chinese takeout standards. This is the first takeout restaurant I've been to since I moved here so I cannot compare it to anything else. I get my entrees with the sauce on the side since I don't like my food swimming in sauce, and I guess because I do this, I get a taste of what the food really tastes like. Sometimes the chicken is soggy, and sometimes the beef is... not beef. So goes Chinese takeout. The restaurant is clean and has plenty of seating. The lunch combos are great for the price and even the entrees aren't that expensive. If you're in Squirrel Hill and craving some Chinese takeout, don't overlook this place.
2	Standard take out and it's cheap. Service is fast and friendly. I go here when I'm too lazy to walk to Zaw's or pressed for time (I've never had to wait longer than 15 minutes).
4	This place is great if you know what to order. I wouldn't say that they are 100% authentic, but there are enough to satisfy most Chinese.
3	As far as chinese restaurant  are concerned, I would say that China Star is pretty good. Their tofu is always done perfectly. The prices are fair and the delivery is usually reasonable.
4	3.5, but rounding up!Pros:- They know how to make healthy fare... aka steamed chicken and veggies w/ brown rice! (who knew you could steam chicken???)- Crab wontons w/ cheese- Friendly staffCons:- The chow mein tasted like soy sauce, straight up- Restaurant was empty... I'd probably never stop in to eat. It's more of a takeout/delivery joint.
5	I go here about once every 2 weeks since I work in the area. The lunch specials are great and it is what you would expect from typical chinese food. The lady that is always at the cash register is really friendly. It's also a nice quiet place if you want to eat in, or about 10 mins for takeout.Had to give the 5 stars because I finally found the BEST CRAB RANGOON (cheese wontons) so far in Pittsburgh. I have been looking for 6 years, and this is what one should look like/ taste like! YUM! If anything just go order them!
3	I order from China Star all the time, mostly because it is two minutes from my house.  Their food is pretty good, and for $7.50 you get a dinner that includes soup, an egg roll, fried or steamed rice and a large (although they call it "small") portion of entree.  I make two or three meals out of a General Tso's combo dinner.My favorites here are the crab rangoon and wonton soup.  Deelish!
3	Not the best Chinese food, not the worst.The crab rangoon is phenomenal. What is notable is the sauce that comes with it. I think it is supposed to be duck sauce, but it has a sweet cherry-like flavor to it. It makes the sky open and the heavens sing.Everything else is mediocre, really. Unfortunately, the specials seem to be hit or miss. Chow mein and egg foo young is meh, but the dragon special and general tso's is okay and good portioned. I have never eaten inside the restaurant. The smell is slightly off-putting and I am usually in the mood for take-out. The decor is stereotypical Pan-Asian food joint.Most people go here out of convenience and that the price is good. If you  can bare the hill walk up to Zaw's, I'd go there for my meal and pick up my crab rangoon on the way back.
3	This one is not the one at Ross park mall, although they have the same name. This one only has American Chinese food. Don't expect more. But really cheap. We ordered four entrees and four soup, that's only about $25 plus tips.
2	1.5x price than before after they move to Murray. It is still a mess there. Waiters seems don't have a clue yet. It might take time.
5	If you're the Sesame Chicken and Crab Rangoon type, I can't speak to that.  Stop reading.If you're looking for 'authentic' Sichuan cuisine (as far as this white guy knows, but my Chinese friends agree), this is your place.Appetizer:  Tan tan noodles.  Best in Pittsburgh, and head and shoulders over New How Lee.  The noodles were just right, the sauce had a kick, we could have eaten bowl after bowl.Entrees:  Double cooked sauteed sliced pork belly with leeks -- very good.  Could have used a bit more oil and the portion wasn't overly generous, but we'll get it again.Chonqing (dry fried) chicken was the best I've had in Pittsburgh.  Where How Lee's was covered in oil, China Star's was spot on.  That's all I've tried so far, hopefully the review will be updated soon with more.  THAT SAID...The prices do seem higher (?) than the McIntyre Square location, and you do need to deal with the Squirrel Hill parking scene.  We were also there on a Sunday afternoon, so I can't speak to how the service is when they're busy.  For us, it was perfectly fine.
3	I'm going to settle this once and for all, since everyone seems beyond confused about the three China Stars in town. I drive past both of the Murray Ave China Stars every day (both located across the street from a Giant Eagle, presumably just to puzzle us more) and based on the addresses have confirmed the following--THIS CHINA STAR:-4219 Murray Ave, in Greenfield-At the old location of Yen's Gourmet-No affiliation with the China Star in the North Hills-Standard American-Chinese foodTHE OTHER CHINA STAR (http://www.yelp.com/biz/china-star-pittsburgh-3):-1900 Murray Ave, in Squirrel Hill-At the old location of Pacific Ring-Affiliated with the China Star in the North Hills-Traditional Chinese foodSo, there you have it. A guide to the China Stars of Murray Avenue. I, personally, have only ordered from this China Star and cannot comment on the other.For Chinese takeout--and I mean cheap, greasy, fried "Chinese" food--China Star is awesome. I mean, yeah, every Chinese takeout place with the infamous red menu is pretty much the same, and I feel stupid even writing a review of one on Yelp. But I get a craving for General Tso's Chicken, Pork Lo Mein, Cold Sesame Noodles, and Fried Dumplings about once a month, and now having tried several of Pittsburgh's Chinese options based on price and convenience, I gotta say China Star is my number one choice. Everything just tastes GOOD. I totally can't justify giving a Chinese restaurant more than 3 stars, but next time you feel the need to pig out on greasy takeout food, I'd highly recommend China Star.
3	Yay! I'm a fan. Yes. Really. I think.First order, I liked it.Second one, I likes.I wanted to taste their food again. Third order.I want Dragon Phoenix. Forth order.At this point. I think I am settling in with this place for Chinese delivery.The only two I've tried is Dragon Phoenix and General Tso's chicken.I like them both. The best General Tso's in Pittsburgh so far.Update: I don't like them as much as I did before.
3	This is a solid delivery greasy "Chinese" food restaurant. Though I love true Sichuan cusine, every so often I get the urge for some ::gasp:: general tso's chicken. One good option that they have is the combination dinners which come with soup (wonton, egg drop, or hot and sour), an egg roll, two crab rangoon, an entree, rice (white or fried) 2 almond cookies, and 2 fortune cookies. (Ranging in price from 10.95-13.00).  This is a great option for two people.  My fiance and I each ordered this one time and it was way too much food for two, but for 13.00 we could each have a sizable dinner to share!This is not authentic Chinese food by any stretch, but if you are looking for  solid greasy "Chinese" this is the place.
1	Oh, man, did I ever order from the wrong China Star! I should have read Meghan C's review first, for the correct location, but the food is also uninspired and mediocre at best. I call in a delivery order, and she tells me that it's an hour for delivery. Could I pick up? Yeah, sure, whatever. I place my order, and then she calls back to say they have no duck, and that I need to pick another entree. OK... After I drive to the wrong (an bustling) China Star in Squirrel Hill, I make my way to the correct (and completely empty) China Star in Greenfield. Boy, this food sure is disgusting. Hot and sour soup: inedible; vegetable spring rolls: stone cold, pale, and inedible; Double delight: chicken was stone cold, and the white sauce was a gloppy mess. The menu is already in the recycling, and maybe I'll try the other China Star next time.
1	One star doesn't do this place justice. They deserve less.We ordered a delivery of food for dinner. Upon opening the fried rice that we ordered we discovered that a bug had gotten into the food. It appeared to have been fried along with the rice. Needless to say we were displeased. We called them back and asked them to come pick up the food as we weren't going to eat it, and to bring back a reciept for the credit card cancellation of the order.Half an hour later a man with a flashlight showed up at our door. We gave him the food back, as we'd packed it back in the bag. He proceeded to unpack the food on our patio and start digging through the fried rice with the flashlight to look for the bug. Then he started going through the rest of the food - on our patio. Making a mess with BBQ rib sauce... when asked to leave he started arguing with us. We had to threaten to call the police before he would leave the porch.When we called and asked to speak to the manager, we were told that the man with the flashlight who had been on our porch WAS the manager.Needless to say, I am never ordering from there again. Completely inappropriate behavior from them.  Zero stars if I could give it.
1	This is the last time I will order from here...ever!Tonight my husband and I ordered dinner from here.  We proceeded to begin eating at which time I found a crispy fried fly in my rice.We called the restaurant and asked them to come and get the uneaten food and to refund our money because we were not going to be eating it.At this point a man came with a flashlight and began going through the food on our porch, would not leave, and did not give us our refund.  He did not leave until I threatened to call the police.we called the restaurant again at which point they informed us that he was the manager.Never Again
4	Talk about bang for your buck. This place gives you so much food for seven bucks. Fried rice, egg roll, soup, and your main course. It lasts me for four meals. The main course has always been great, highly recommend the sesame chicken and beef with broccoli. However, I have got to say, the fried nice is NOT the best, but everything else makes up for it.
1	I accidentally ordered from this China Star online thinking that it was the one up in Squirrel Hill.  Huge difference.  No flavor at all!  The fried rice doesn't have anything in it except rice in some kind of bland brown sauce, no sprouts, no egg, nothing.  I truly have never tasted something that I would describe as cardboard until I bit into a spring roll.  My eggplant tasted like  nothing, not even eggplant!  I absolutely do not know how a restaurant can make food that is WORSE than what you would microwave out of the cheap frozen section of the grocery store!  Steer clear of this place!  No taste whatsoever!
4	Used to be Yen's...we love this place.  The service has always been friendly and quick.  They have accommodated us with menu changes whenever we've asked.  They do have a small dining area, but there never seems to be too many people there.  It's basic "chinese" take out, good amount of food for reasonable prices.
4	I just order some food from here it was HOT AND FRESH YUMMY
3	Reliable Chinese delivery at a good price.  Once you learn what they do well (General Tso's chicken, the duck dishes, lo mein, teriyaki chicken, shrimp egg rolls, steamed and fried dumplings) and what they do not-so-well (won ton soup, fried rice, regular egg rolls)*, you can have a pretty consistently good experience with them.  Online ordering makes things a lot easier, the delivery folks are polite and arrive within the estimated time, and the food is pretty good.  Also, one night we ordered a little close to closing time and arrived a few minutes late to pick it up, and they were very nice about sticking around for us.  I wish I could give it a less lukewarm endorsement, but going from the Asian food of San Francisco, CA to that of Swissvale, PA has been a little bit jarring.  All in all, no major complaints; it's great to have a dependable Saturday-night-in staple for the fiance and I. *The won ton soup and regular egg rolls are so-so, but passable; the fried rice is just abysmal.  If you want fried rice, go elsewhere.
3	As others described this place, standard and reliable.Ordered with coworkers for dinner tonight and was satisfied and underwhelmed all in one, if that's possible.  For the satisfied part, I was surprised by the amount of food I received.  I order the General Tso's (old reliable) combination plate.  Unlike other places when you order and combo plate you get soup and an egg roll on top of the entree.  To me, soup from a Chinese restaurant is nothing more than a tea with food in it.  The egg roll was surprisingly good.  I think they may have mistakenly gave me a shrimp egg roll instead of the run of the mill regular egg roll (not complaining there).  As for the entree, their "small portion" was that of any other place; read - not small.As for the underwhelming aspect of the food, the fried rice may have been fried a bit too much.  Some of the chicken pieces were a bit dry.  For being General Tso's, it wasn't nearly spicy enough for me.  In a pinch, this place sure can fill the void when you are in a rush.
1	I have ordered from China star numerous times and I never had an issue, but this last time was a nightmare! They sold me uncooked rice.... the rice was raw. Even the vegetables in the rice were raw and crunchy. Then when I called back, one of the employees told me to "put it in the microwave." They refused to refund me! If you want to order food here, order at your own risk; I just wouldn't try the pork fried rice. :(
3	takeout is fast! sat in to eat before and they were friendly, we ordered the lunch specials and it came with a can of pop. fast and cheap! you might have to ring the bell a few times to get noticed though :P
1	Ordered delivery from here and took more than 2 hours for it to be delivered.  And I only live 10 minutes away.  Won't order from here again.
1	I dont know how places like this stay in business???? It was awful!!!! I mean how can you mess up brocolli? It was like they opened up a jar of brown gravy and poured it over top. Gross!!! I will not be back.
