4	I hesitate to write a review of this place because it is a gem, and I'd rather keep it hidden :-P We visited on a Friday night after letting off some after work steam at a nearby park. The bar is tucked into a shopping center next to a 7-11. The place is really small, but has a nice selection of tables, comfy chairs and bar space. The air is definitely smoky, but I've come to expect that from just about every bar in the Valley. When you leave, you will smell like you smoked a pack. The first thing I noticed after the size where the tv's. For a small bar there is a good number of TV's which I assume during football season would be filled with the sites and sounds of the gridiron. On this day half were showing the Opening Ceremonies of the Olympics, and the other half were showing ESPN. The Crowbar also has quite a few gaming machines (e.g. Golden Tee), they also have a electronic jukebox. The clientele this night seemed to be regulars (they were all friendly with eachother) and most people were talking to others (not playing video poker). Overall the small crowd was very diverse and quite friendly to us newcomers. The bar staff is very friendly, and pays attention to their customers. This is a big plus. I like my beer craft, and this place had a couple craft bottles (Fat Tire, Pyramid Hefe) but the four taps were typical of what you'd find elsewhere. However, the price was fair for both the taps and bottles. This Crowbar does not serve food. We found this out the hard way when a friend saw that they supposedly had the best nachos in town via the internet. When we arrived the bartender said that the Crowbar does have the best nachos, just not at this location. We were able to order pizza from the Verrazano's pizza across Flamingo.
4	Small dive bar in a Spring Valley neighborhood. Don't expect to have real meals here but they sure do have chips. 7-11 is next door therefore you can get a couple hotdogs there.Angela's service is top notch like a Four Season's Hotel golf caddie. Cheap drinks but just like any bar in town, VERY, VERY, VERY SMOKY.
5	I love this place. Great bartenders, great service, the clientele is friendly and the drinks prices are phenomenal. What more can you ask for!!
4	Hidden gem.. Very clean inside, bartenders are very attentive and friendly. Prices are decent and drinks are tasty.
