1	This is the worst store ever they are rude and do not know what they are doing I am so upset with them I will not go back to them at all
1	Typical Vegas work ethic. Hate their jobs, Hate the whole physical concept of work, hate the customers for making them work, hate their lives, and just want to go home and get drunk. Not to mention: bad social skills, limited vocabulary, inability to problem solve, and lack of basic mathematical skills. This is the T-mobile near Aliante Station and the North Las Vegas DMV. Nice area, but you still can't get good service here. The most f*cked up thing was that you can't even ask these motherf*ckers a simple question.  All I asked was: "How much is roaming charges if you make a call outside of Nevada?" and the lady said she couldn't answer that question without my social security number. Why the f*ck would they need a motherf*cking social security number to answer a basic question like that? Gimme a f*cking break.
5	I don't understand how this location has bad reviews. Every time I come here, it's always so easy. There are never any lines, and unlike at other t-mobile locations I've been to, the employees know their products.I've been helped changing plans before, but earlier today, all I needed was a new SIM card, and I was helped by the staff and they were just pleasant to me in every way.I'm not sure who helped me, but if any management reads this, the three workers on 2/20/14 afternoon were a delight.
5	Greatest customer service. I had bad luck with the customer service online and over the phone so I called this store ahead of time and spoke with George. He was really helpful answering all my questions. We decided to go in and someone by the name of Jaime Fairley helped us...... And I am so glad. I recommend asking for this rep.  We came in close to closing and they still ended up helping us and we were able to fix all the confusion from my order online . I had the best experience. I came in the next day and Jaime helped me transfer over all the pictures / contacts from our old phones over.  We got great phones, great plans and the service was just a bonus.
