2	The greatest part of my trip to this Chuck E Cheese was the fact that I was going there to meet my brothers girlfriend and her daughters for the first time. Other then that this chain location really didn't meet up to my expectations. It was a clean and a fairly large location that had plenty to do for all ages of children even the big ones, but half of the machines either ate the tokens or just had out of order slips placed on them. That sucks and is hard to explain to a 2yr old who only has a I wanna play mindset! I have no clue how many tokens were wasted?? The food was mediocre, we ordered the "family" special to feed 4 people uh huh yeah right???? That consisted of a "large" pizza, 4 drinks and 100 tokens............whoopty dooo! The pizza was card board with a bit of peperoni flavor to it. I had to eat something more so I took it upon myself to go get a salad what a rip off $4.99 for a one-trip serving. So I decided to pile it on but the selection of toppings didn't look to good so I had a salad with mushrooms and a bit of cheese and of coarse ranch dressing. I did get some macaroni salad to have a bit more to eat but that made no difference. I just loved the woman who had her 3yr old who was running ramped all over the place asking everybody for pennies (aka tokens) from every adult but his own freakin' mother! I can't stand parents who don't pay any attention to their kids and just leave it up to other parents to actually parent them.............WTF kind of bullshit is that??? Pure laziness that what it is!! Anywho..............................*deep breath* from getting my self worked up! The kids had fun which is why this rating is getting 2stars, but ill never step foot in this place again.
2	It's cynical beyond belief re the food and not that well thought out re the games. The games are not really well thought out in relation to the ages they cater for. Our six year old  couldn't see  above the modded "gun" games,nor reach pedals on the couple of race games there were. There are no steps/ accommodations for that and  he's too old for the simple games. Ergo.. not a lot to keep a kid used to Gameworks or Jillian's busy.  Staff were friendly,helpful and attentive, the place was clean but  that's not really a selling point,that's meant to be a given. Our son still had fun so when you are aiming at kids without standards fun can be had. They have the audience, we're already paying over the top for the food so seriously spend the extra $ or 2 on the pizza and add it into the price. $17 for edible vs $15 for 3/4 left would be a nice thing. I can't reconcile  their website's "fresh"  ingredients with the pizza motif floor-tiling we received.:update. Letter to their Corp office went unanswered seems like they know what they are doing:)2nd update. Eventually got a call but it was agreed that we disagreed on how pizza should taste, they may use fresh mozzarella daily and new dough 2x a week but it's been brutalized to the point it's scare to rise:) .. Main review still stands.
1	Why can't my daughter beg to go to Peter Piper Pizza?I wouldn't like Chuck E Cheese even if the staff was friendly, the food was good, and the games actually worked.  But if all of those were true, I would at least give it a higher star rating. But seeing as how each of those categories were a disastrous mess, I am confident in giving the one star rating.I am all about rewarding my daughter when she does well. She has been doing splendidly getting ready for her first day of school and I wanted to take her anywhere she wanted to go to let her know we appreciate her hard work. When she wanted to go to Chuck E Cheese, I felt the low grumbling sigh emerging.I do have to give credit to the idea of stamping the family with identical infrared markings to deter those who wish to impose ill will on our little ones. But that is about the end of the good will I will project to the staff. If you are hungry or thirsty and want something quickly, then be prepared to wait. I timed my wait for a simple drink; it ran about 4:15. I don't know if it is short staffing or paying slave wages to high schoolers who simply don't care. Either way, the combination they have just isn't working.The only thing worse than the slow service to get your food is the food itself. It is horrible. I don't know any other descriptors to really describe cheap cheese layered on tomato paste that is all resting on what amounts to pressed together Wonder Bread. I would describe the wings but I don't technically ever want to call them wings because that is an insult to all other wings created. Ever. I referenced Peter Piper earlier and even though Peter Piper's pizza isn't exactly gourmet, it blows this pizza clean out of the water. No comparison. I can't talk about their food any more, it makes my stomach sad.The coux de gras is the games. If it all came down to just going in to play some games with the family, then you will again be completely disappointed. Almost half of the games either didn't work or would eat your tokens without actually working. It was simply just sad. The games that did work were about as badly maintained as any I have ever seen. I actually felt bad for my family at one point because what was supposed to be an eventful afternoon turned into a pitiful experience.
1	This is absolutely the worst place you can have a birthday! We were at this location on 1/20/13 for my 4 year olds birthday. The "party hostess" was more about up selling than getting our orders right or attending to guests. I seriously felt like i was in an auto dealership. As soon as you get there the selling starts. Before half of your guests have arrived and before you can even start setting up. She rushed us through every step with an emphasis on up selling and rushing the party. My daughter was upset because her mom did not come to her party. I told the hostess she is too upset to do the chuck e cheese dance and ticket blaster at that moment. The hostess told me we have to do it now or not at all. Basically we spent close to $300 and got none of the birthday perks that she is supposed to enjoy. We spoke to the manger and she did nothing. We used to come here once a week almost but I will definitely never return to a chuck e cheese again. I will also try my hardest to make sure none of my friends or family ever go back to chuck e cheese.
4	Great friendly staff. Pizza isnt bad. But blows other pizza places out of the water to have a birthday party!! Alot more games geared to younger kids. My kids love this place compared to Peter Piper. Prizes are horrible still like everywhere else. Kind of weird that you cannot tip the servers. I slipped mine a cash tip anyways because she did such a great job for the birthday party.
4	Mondays are the best days to check this place out. I like it way better than Peter Piper Pizza because it is cleaner and it seems like everything tastes a bit better. The pizza is not award winning but it is decent enough. The people working are all high school students it seems like but they do their job. They also have a secure way to get the kids in and out of the place which is nice!
4	Mr CheeseIn respects to your cupid shuffle. You should be dancing with the perspective of the children. When the song says move to the left and you move to your left, in the eyes of the children you are moving to their right. Very confusing for a kid.Think about it from an audience perspective. I know its going to be hard to get, being a Rat. But when you say move to you left you are actually going to need to move to your right.Dancing Dad.
3	We had  our daughter's third birthday party here. Our party host was outstanding.  The games and activity area's were very pleasing for the kids.  The pizza was fairly terrible, but we expected that.  There are a lot of kids milling around unsupervised, not associated with the birthday parties or with parents in attendance.  But again, that was not unexpected.  All in all, the kids had a great time, the party was over and done with, no fuss no muss, and the service was good.  The manager stopped by for a moment to let check on us, and honestly, he looked a little squirrely, but whatever, we didn't seek him out, he didn't come around again.
1	I received WORST service in this place. The manager is very rude. The employee tried to honor a promotion to us without coupon, the manager, Rob called the poor kid to the back and the employee who tried to help us, was back with tears in his eyes. I couldn't see this scenario and told him that he can't be rude, he said the employee did something wrong and he had to be dealt with. Then I said you should be nice to customers just like the employee. He said sir you are pushing it. I called their corporate, and the manager, Rob said you can't be in this building if you are filing complaint about me. I want you out or will call the cops. My children and I were very disappointed. I will never take my children to this particular chuck e cheeses.
1	Came on Halloween after trick or treating, asked the girl working the door what time they close she said 9. It was 8:40 so I thought ok I'll just get some tokens for my son so he can play some games real quick. I walk in and they announce that they will close in one hour!!! So I order food get tokens and begin to play some games, hardly anything worked and what did didn't have tickets in it!!! Food took 40 minutes and there was only 15 people max in the entire place. Absolutely awful experience. Oh I almost forgot, when it was time for the rat to dance he no showed, stay classy chuck.
1	This Chuck E. Cheese is absolutely HORRIBLE. All the negative reviews on here are spot on correct. I have four children who are 9, 6.5, 5 and 3 years old. We have been to this Chuckie's 3 times and every time there were 5 or more games out of order, 3 more that were running but not operating correctly and a couple more that would just eat tokens! The service is slow at best. What little staff that is on hand is usually hiding in the back. When it was time to reward the kids for good behavior, I asked what they wanted to do and their reply was, "Please no Chuck E. Cheese!"
5	I booked a birthday party 01/02/15 for my 3 year old son and it was the best party yet! I have had several chuck e cheese parties for my children over the years , but this one was better than any other . My party host Jason was amazing . The general manager came over as soon as we arrived and gave us a cup FULL of token on the house ! Our host played with the birthday boy, gave us more tickets and tokens than we payed for & went above and beyond to provide a fantastic experience .. Granted the pizza was the standard chain type pizza  (I am paying for the experience , not the cheap food) . they were slow at the time so we Didn't get kicked out of the party area as soon as our 2 hour time limit wAs up. I highly recommend Jason as your party host , and to Book your party at a slower time so you can reap the benefits .
