4	I found my hair-mate (play on soulmate) here at Regis--Melissa.  I absolutely love her and recommend her to all women.  She does wedding hair, party hair, or your everyday hair needs.  She's honest, great to talk to, and excellent at coloring, waxing, and all other special hair needs.Regis is a great salon to stop in to when you're shopping at the mall and want a quick change of style.  They are laid back, friendly, and they actually care about you.
1	DO NOT GO HERE!!!!!  Called ahead to find out how much a blow out costs...they told me $40...got to the appointment and it was $70.  They told me that I could go somewhere else if I didn't like the price, but I had somewhere to be an hour later so I was stuck.  Got the worst blow out I have ever recieved...I could have done a better job with a blindfold on..This place has horrible customer service and horrible stylists!!
2	Went completely down hill after Skyler left!!! Would not go back again.
1	Went there to get a simple trim and the rude and full of herself "master stylist" Amy cut my hair. I had the bad fortune of getting the worst haircut of my life. She could not seem to get my hair to be even and ended up cutting three inches off after I told her I didn't want more than 1 inch cut off.  On top of that the layers are done horribly and look like a 3 year old did it. Do NOT GO HERE. The customer service was terrible, the stylists there act like they work at a high end salon but really theres a reason they don't work at nice places: because they are terrible at their jobs.
1	Let me start by saying that I would never go back I went their for a trim and to get some color on my hair buy I left looking like the big bird from sesame street the girl that did my hair was so rude and she was just telling me that she was a really bad day ....I don't know but this place suck please don't even think about going to that place they did a horrible job ...
1	Wanted to book an appointment with Corrie.  However, girl at front desk was so rude I thought.............why bother?  Like they are the only hair salon in Las Vegas
