4	It is a rare opportunity when a traveler can experience something that reflects the taste and attitude of the people that live there. Kelly's Bar and Lounge reeks of young hip blue-collar Pittsburgh and I loved every single minute of it. It seems to get the essentials right: alcohol, rockabilly, plenty of vinyl booths,hard wood bar, and bartenders that belong in an alt-porn video. Very laid back and filled with hotties - straight and queer.If it isn't smog it's smoke: 4 out of 5 stars because Pittsburgh hearts lung cancer.
5	Pittsburgh is a beautiful city in the spring and summer, but so many businesses make it difficult to take advantage of the weather with outside seating. Kelly's gets 5 stars simply because they have a super-secret back patio that even many native Pittsburghers don't know about. Squeeze through the smoke laden front area, pass the bathrooms, and emerge into a pseudo-tiki area. It's fenced in and you feel like you are at a neighbor's house party, quietly sitting and enjoying the outside.And, of course, they have good beers, good mac and cheese, and interesting cocktails. This was the first place in Pgh that I found a caiparinha in the drinks list (and even in the specials list!) Turns out that I still don't like this drink, but the fact that it exists here makes me happy.One caveat: be careful where you park your car. I usually try to park either directly out front, or over in the Borders lot.
4	I wasn't sure about this place until they played Johnny Cash's latest album.  Good music, quiet enough to hold conversations.  The food is typcal bar food: burgers, wings, fries.
5	I met up with 2 friends at Kellys on a Monday night.  Happy Hour = half price appetizers from 5-7.  But more than that we had the nicest server.  I know Kelly's has had a bad reputation in the past for mean service.  This was a whole new Kelly's - our server could not have been nicer.
4	I like Kelly's. It's even famous. There's a shot of Kelly's in the classic The Deer Hunter. Yes, this bar is that old. The food is quite surprising for a bar and the macaroni and cheese is highly recommended. They actually bake their mac and cheese topped with bread crumbs. The crowd is an interesting mix. I was there with a bunch of grad students, but it's not a college dominated place. The bar seems to have many regulars.
3	A classic bar, a decently sized beer selection. I went on a few dates here, and it seemed like a pretty good place to bring someone to talk and drink in a low-key atmosphere.
5	Went to Kelly's for the first time last December.  Very cool place.  Excellent selection of beers on tap.  Diverse crowd.  Music changed from 70's disco to old school punk to classic rock in the hour we were there.  And watch out for the sweet potato fries; they're great, but they come with a garlic aioli which will clog your pores for the next 24 hours.  Great stuff, but avoid it if you're looking to make a love connection (my wife and I loved it so much we ordered a second serving of it).  If Kelly's was in LA, it would be a hipster hangout.  We'll definitely be back next time we visit the 'burgh.
2	Kelly's is a pretty average bar...better than average music on some nights. The highlights of the place for me have always been the sweet potato fries, that they carry beer from the East End brewery, and usually the company I'm with. It's a convenient location if you're coming from the Highland park area. Other food I've had there- German style bar food was decent.
4	Dear Kelly's Bar and Lounge,Thanks for some good beer and awesome mac and cheese last week. The waitress was really personable. Too bad she was the only one working the non-bar area, though, because it took a while to get our drinks and food. Your beer list is nice, though sometimes I think it's a bit too expensive. $5.75 for a Franziskaner? It's a darn good pint, though. You make the best mac and cheese I've ever had. I know it's weird to go to a bar for mac and cheese, but there it is. And you do it so well, especially with a little hot sauce added to the lava-hot bowl. I'd ask you for the recipe, but since it's only $6 I'll come to you rather than trying to make my own.Nice music last time too - not too loud, since it was still only 8:30. I think there was some Sting (and the Police) playing, and then maybe a Shirley Bassey album. A strange mix, yep, but I liked it.The dining room was surprisingly uncrowded. I've visited you a few other times and jockeyed to get a seat. It was nice to walk in and get a seat right away, and even nicer that the room wasn't filled with smoke this time. Okay, some smoke, but less than on previous occasions.So yeah, Kelly's, thanks for a good time. I'll come back on a Monday for the $4 mojito special.See you soon!
3	Kelly's is: adorable, formerly uber-hipster, currently populated largely by grad students, delightful, dark, red, art deco bar with beautiful booths and an amazing secret patio, where I actually had one of the most painful break-up conversations of my life - fortunately I was doing the breaking, so it didn't spoil the space for me! The mac & cheese is one of the best in the city, and the sweet potato fries are pretty good. in fact, there are a number of tasty food items on the brief menu, but the mac & cheese is the super star. The drink menu is delightful, and the bartenders here can whip up stylish trendy drinks as easily as the beautiful endangered classics. LUPEC (Ladies United for the Preservation of Endangered Cocktails) makes Kelly's the centerpiece of some wonderful women's history action, and for this alone, Kelly's bartenders should be commended. LUPEC has tabletop information about women's history and classic cocktails year-round. Be prepared to drop $$ for your mojito, but rest assured it is probably the best you could buy in PGH. Trust me, I tried them all. The prices are a little high, with my expectations based on the crowd they draw. The wait staff here is notorious. If you are friends with someone working there, you will probably get amazing service, and call those who complain liars and wimps. If you don't know someone, be prepared to exercise your patience. I'm not saying it's not worth it, but it can be extraordinarily trying. The jukebox is another highlight - patsy cline alongside the pixies? Be still my heart. Some of Pittsburgh's more talented DJs spin themed evenings regularly at Kelly's, but there's not room for dancing and you'll get filthy looks if you try. Basically, this used to be like the Brillobox, before the B-box existed. Now it's a little less insane, but still often packs them in. You may wait a long, long time for a table. If you get food service on a Friday night, God is probably smiling directly at you with freshly-bleached teeth and a cosmic sunbeam.
5	This place is yummy!! Musts are the mac and cheese ((small is $4 and large is $6) which is homemade and baked in individual sized ramekins, causing the bread crumbs to form this brown cheesy crust that protects the gooey insides), the utterly refreshing hand muddled fresh lime and mint mojitos, and the crispy guac and salsa covered fish tacos.  The beer selection is varied with local and international brews and they have a great selection of LUPEC drinks [Ladies United for the Preservation of Endangered Cocktails]. The music comes from the juke box which has a great selection of Johnny Cash, U2, The Smiths, and other treats.  And, if you go in the summer, you can sit in the tiki-style back patio.  All in all, a must try!!
4	This place is just what I was looking for in a local bar... not too loud, lots of seating, tasty looking menu, big selection of beers, and really nice people working there. The kitchen closed at midnight so I didn't get to sample their food, but we were really happy with the service and will absolutely come back. Good for groups of 4 since they only have one table for more than 4.It's also right around the corner from the waffle shop if you find yourself in need of breakfast for late night dinner (we were going to go to the EVA lounge, but they had a cover charge - I'm glad we changed our minds).
5	Now officially my favorite bar. Their happy hour (half priced apps and drafts 5 - 7, I think) is great because their fries are a must have, even if it doesn't go with your old fashioned cocktail. Cocktails are what they do best - I've fallen in love with their Montmartres. Take your parents or take a date, Kelly's is good for all occasions.Double update: my fiance proposed to me here (over some fantastic cocktails and shrimp po'boys and under the dark pinkish lights), so I'd say it's pretty low-key and romantic too :)
3	i was originally going to give kelly's 4 stars, but then i ate here a couple weeks ago. let me start off by saying i usually love coming here- drinks are moderately priced, i can usually get a drink quickly, and i enjoy the patio out back. soooo now a couple weeks ago, we had an impromptu end of the yr happy hr event and decided to hold it at kelly's. it was about 5ish so it was definitely time for some grub after a long week of classes. here's what wasn't cool. waiting 45 mins for our food (grilled cheese sandwhich, fish tacos, and sweet potato fries)...45 mins! crazy. our friends who ordered about 15 mins. after us received their baked mac n cheese before us. even though it wasn't under my friends' control, i was still annoyed w/ them. my stomach was like 'dayyyyyum girl i need f00d'don't order food here if you're starving! go eat at pizza sol and then come back here for drinks.
5	On a two week visit to Pittsburgh for my first time, I must have gone to Kelly's about 8-10 times both during the day and evening. The place felt like a combination of Cheer's where everyone knows your name and The Peach Pit from 90210. It didn't even feel like a bar to me perhaps because they had booths and outdoor seating and everyone, both workers and patrons were fun and enjoyed being there with each other's company.  I loved the mac n cheese and the fish tacos and my drinks were made fast and tasty.  Kelly's was also the perfect place to end up at after going to other venues. I miss this place and I miss Pittsburgh.
5	Well this is the place for delicious beer and fabulous old school cocktails.  Inside it is a throw back to rebel without a cause with everything from johnny cash to the sex pistols to flogging molly on the jukebox.Outside it is a tiki hut gone wrong in an oh-so-good way.You can smoke outside and their food ranges from pierogies to potstickers.  Yes the mac n' cheese is to die for, but I am mostly a fan of their daily 4 dollar cocktail special that is all day long!
3	the cocktails and atmosphere are awesome, food is haphazard at best-I know everyone raves about the sweet potato fries, but mine were so burnt that they were all dark brown/black and pretty gross, it was soooo disappointing since i love spf's... Husband really loved the mac and cheese and would get the tofu "wings"/ chunks again if the tofu would perhaps be marinated, or smoked or something? straight from the container tofu just ain't gonna cut it. But again, if you have enough of their awesome cocktails, maybe you won't notice, or care!
3	Great place fo: dive bar sceen, lots of diversity in the crowd, solid drinks, good food........Sounds awesome right?Well not exactly, for all of the things this bar does of so well, it has one fatal fault, the service is absolutly horrible, i've literally been here when it is nearly vacant, and had to wait for 40min to get a beer, ridiculous.but if you've a lot of time to burn kelly's is a good choice!
4	Pluses1) Great beer selection and $2 off beers during happy hr (5-7 PM)2) Half off appetizers during happy hour as well. The Pittsburgh Bites are boneless wings which are quite tasty. Even the mild is fairly spicy, though, so beware.3) Great atmosphere -- I love the red booths. The patio is pretty nice in summer too.4) Some of the DJs they get are pretty goodMinuses:1) The service is hit or miss. I'd say it's maybe been 50/50 good/bad service for me2) There's only one table that can fit more than 4 people (aside from the patio which can fit larger parties). If going with a big group, it's probably best to avoid Kelly's.3) Sometimes the DJs can be VERY loud, though I generally enjoy the music they play.
2	Good atmosphere. Bad food and service. Go here for drinks, but eat beforehand.
4	I know everyone already said this but the MAC N CHEESE is the BEST. EVAR! It takes forever, but it is worth it. Totally baked & crusty on the top until you break through to the gooey lava-hot insides. Great consistency, great flavor.I've also had a light, fresh salad there (goat cheese, cranberries, walnuts) and the Pittsburgh Bites are tasty too.Monday nights are great for $4 Mojitos, especially right around 6 when its not too crowded.
4	The mac and cheese is so good.  of the style it is,  I havent had another that comes close.  very very good.the fish taco dish is pretty good as well.  actually most of the food I have had has been pretty good.  I'm happy about that.And its my local bar so its nice to see local beer on draft.  a decent selection of draft beer all in all.  And the people that go there are pretty decent.  the crowd is nice.
4	I love Kelly's for a lot of reasons. 1) It's like a 30s-40s lounge/diner throwback with neon trimmings, vinyl red booths, dimmed lighting and black walls.2) The clientele is sort of retro/hipster/rockabilly in the later hours. Definitely awesome for people watching3) On most nights the music is kick-butt and very eclectic. 80s New Wave one minute, and the next is blues, followed by 1940s big band.4) Their cocktails list is amazing and has a bunch of retro drinks you would never see anywhere else because they are probably as old as my grandparents. Grasshoppers, Pimm's Cups, legit Mojitos.5) OMG THEIR MAC AND CHEESE IS AMAZING
4	As far as bars go, this is one of the better ones in Pittsburgh. Non-smoking, decent beer selection, and decent bar food in a convenient location. Only complaint really is that it gets extremely noisy inside which makes it hard to hold a conversation.
4	My inner cynic told me not to believe the hype about Kelly's mac n' cheese, but I'm glad I kicked that voice to the curb and ordered it anyway.  It sure beats the mac n' cheese from another area place for drinks, Harris Grill, and at $6, is much cheaper.  I love mac n' cheese with a crusty baked top, and Kelly's version obliged.  I definitely made sure to pick off and eat all the crusty bits along the bowl's rim.  Some of my friends thought it was too peppery the night we visited, but I love black pepper as well.  The sweet potato fries are too thick for my tastes, but in general I like thinly cut fries.Gin rickeys were on special during Happy Hour on Thursday, which I enjoyed.  The Grasshopper is a nice way to conclude a meal.  Mmm, liquid dessert that tastes like Thin Mints. I like both Kelly's inside seating area--which suits the old-fashioned cocktails served here--and the deck out back, though the one booth inside that accommodates big groups is in disrepair.  If it's nice out and you have more than 3 friends joining you, head for the back door and the deck.
4	Very cool looking interior something like a 50s hipster bar with lots of hardwood.  The jukebox was 80+% Stones music, which is fine.  It was a little odd to hear so much from one group.  It reminded me of hanging out at a friends house and listening to specific songs from one artist to understand some type of music grow the artist experienced over a period of time.The bar food is the typical menu.  The boneless wings were good.  Best part was the wings were not breaded.  The chips and salsa were homemade and fantastic.  Decent beer menu, but the oddest thing was a Yeungling and a Magic Hat #9 cost the same at $3.50.  Magic Hat #9 is a great micro brewery (retail cost $1.25) compared to Yeungling is the oldest brewery in America and perhaps the greatest cheap beer available (retail cost $0.83).  So I drank Magic Hat.
5	I cannot say enough about Kelly's. From the delicious Mac-n-cheese (the best I've ever had) to the great beer selection to the daily "vintage" cocktail specials to the fantastic, multi-genre jukebox, I love everything about this bar.The crowd varies from hipsters to students to older professionals to locals. You can sit in one of the booths inside for hours, play cards and talk, or you can sit outside on their patio during nice weather.Beer prices are reasonable, and well worth the cost.
5	This was my go-to bar in Pittsburgh. If there was ever any question about what to do on a weekend night, we would inevitably end up at Kelly's. It has a super laid back atmosphere and they always have good music playing. Be on the lookout for when Zombo DJs, because that's the best. It does get super crowded on the weekends and during happy hour, so go early. But in the summer months it's especially nice because they have a fairly large back patio, making it easier to get a table. The food is pretty good (Pittsburgh bites and the mini mac were my favorites) even though they got rid of the greatest item on the menu-- the tater tot poutine. They have a decent beer selection and a really good list of retro cocktails. Every night there is a different cocktail special for $4 all night and the happy hour from 5-7 let's you get appetizers for half off.
1	I'm a big fan of Kelly's. Love the food. Love the drinks. But do NOT go on a Friday unless you want to wait 20 minutes without anyone helping you, asking for a cocktail menu and having them tell you it's long and unavailable and a waiter who doesn't know what is in any of their dishes.  Or maybe you enjoy that, in which case you should apply for the Friday night staff, you'd be a great anti-social addition. Any other time Kelly's has a great menu, awesome cocktails and friendly bartenders. But watch out for snatchy Fridays.
4	Sooo glad we finally decided to try Kelly's food! After studying the menu for quite some time, I finally decided upon the tofu tacos and JB got the shrimp po' boy sandwich In addition to our entrees, we wanted to sample some small bites as well. We ordered the famous mac 'n cheese and hot Pittsburgh tofu bites. Tofu Tacos were delightful little cubes of tofu tossed in taco sauce and served on a hard shell with a bed of lettuce and salsa, sour cream and guac on the side. Good stuff, though not the highlight. Shrimp Po' Boy was "Okay" according to JB. The bun was superfluous as he took the top part off and ate it open-face, there was no sauce at all on the sammie, so JB had to douse on the Frank's Red Hot. To put it in his words, "the sandwich was good, but I wouldn't order it again" The sides and appetizers are what really shine at Kelly's. The french fries that accompanied the Po Boy were amongst the best I'd ever eaten - deep fried to golden delicious crispy perfection. The Hot Tofu Bites were sooooo good! Maybe a little too spicy (my nose was running) but the tofu's consistency was spot on, we both enjoyed immensely! Last but certainly not least, we had the Mac 'n Cheese which definitely lives up to the hype. The crispy charred cheese on top and the smooth, gooey, creamy cheese in the center compliment each other incredibly.. Service was great, nice beer selection (I got the Breakfast Stout - and it was amazingly smooth and clean), even the music was stellar. Can't wait to go back!
3	I like going to Kelly's after work.  It's hip and such.  I'm not always in the mood for it, but the food is decent and the drinks are well made.  The service is always on point as well. And, the mac'n'cheese is good.
3	First time at Kelly's tonight-drawn in by their retro neon COCKTAILS sign like a moth to the vodka. Yuenglings were $2 for happy hour and our Pittsburgh Bites (boneless chicken wings) were only $3.50 and came super spicy, which I dug, but looked like little bricks of...ahem...something you might scoop up while following your dog on a walk.The tilapia in my tacos was breaded and fried sans spices or herbs, so the main part of my taco had absolutely zero flavor, and was topped with shredded iceberg lettuce, which added a little crunch but not much else. The boring theme was completed by everything being wrapped in a flour tortilla. I don't know about you guys, but for me, flour tortillas with tacos are a huge no-no. Just, why? Why would you do that to a perfectly good taco? I could go on about tacos for days, so anyways, they were salvageable with the loads of guacamole, fresh salsa and sour cream that came on the side.BUT, on a scale of 1 to 10 the mac and cheese was an 8 and had a crazy crust like you've never seen; charred just shy of being totally burnt, it was sort of sealed into the bowl (since it was baked in the dish). And if you're going to a lounge to have a beer this is definitely the best mac and cheese you're going to get your hands on in the city.East Liberty is a slumbering restaurant meca until 7 when the trendy folks that are employed around there get off work and head out for dinner and drinks. At 5 when we walked in there were two other tables taken, by 8 when we left every seat was full. The loud chatter over beers echoing off the red walls (Kelly's is going for a 50's diner feel with checkered floors and wide white booths) rounded out the "lounge" aspect of it perfectly.The server was tatted, dreadlocked and pierced, but instead of seeming too "alternative" she gave the place a grungy-but-hospitable feel that worked well.
3	Kelly's is not a bad spot. The food is ok for a late night spot but the drinks are good. It does get loud and crowded in there but that adds to the ambiance. The interior is pretty retro which is very cool.Overall, not a bad spot.
4	Let me set the scene for you.... Here it is pouring out. You walk in drenched. You sit at one of those old school checkered booths. Depressing indie music is playing in the background. Regulars are greeted by the bartender and served up their usual drink. I felt like I was in an indie movie! So in real time, the place has CHEAP happy hour deals! $2 Yuenglings and $4 mixed concoctions. Yesterday was the Presbyterian. It was a mix of Bourbon, Ginger Ale and Soda Water. Not my cup of tea....but maybe someones...perhaps?? The grand jewel of the place is the mac n' cheese. I kept hearing these tales of the most delicious mac n' cheese you will ever feast on. Of course I had to get it! When it came out it looked like the real deal homemade version! Slightly burnt top layer of cheesy goodness. Inside a gooey noodly mixture of cheese, with a strong pepper flavoring. I believe when there was no more noodles to be found, there may have been some bowl licking. For real, that good! It was sad but kinda funny because a family of four came in with some small children. They wanted to come because they had heard the mac n' cheese was so good. Well, it's considered a straight bar so they weren't allowed in with children under 18. The mom was like, I called earlier, it's the kids birthday! Too bad....they may have had to settle for some easy mac!
3	Great place for dirty martinis.They have a dj sometimes on the jukebox but otherwise has peaceful music.Food is not as great. Grilled cheese is awesome though.
4	I first heard about Kelly's mac and cheese so I had to try it, of course. I'm a huge black pepper fan, and the flavor is extremely prominent in this one so it really hit the spot. It comes out burning hot in a cast iron skillet, and for $6 you get a pretty good amount. I've also had their sweet potato fries and their tacos, both were pretty good. The tacos come with a large helping of sour cream, guacamole, and salsa - the sweet potato fries were more like thick chips. My only complaint was the sweet potato fries, while tasty, didn't seem fried very well - soggy and greasy.Every night of the week they rotate through a list of $4 retro cocktails for the whole night. I had a presbyterian one night, and a rob roy another.  I also grabbed a white witch off the menu - very tasty, a lot of rum with a sweet aftertaste.Overall an awesome place. Happy hour is 5-7pm, btw.
4	Kelly's is one of my favorite places to go when the patio is open during the summer. When I am forced inside by the weather I still stop by occasionally but it is not nearly as fun. Inside is a bit to dark and loud for my taste.The drinks and food are both very good. I do love the mac and cheese; it is exceptional. Everything else on the menu is solidly above average bar food. The drink menu is all $6 and is all retro cocktail style drinks. I have had a mixed experience going off the beaten path on the drink menu. I usually stick to a Manhattan (they make a pretty good one). The beer selection is quite good too. Usually they have 8 or so micros on tap plus a pretty solid bottle list.The service can be a bit hit or miss. As longs as you are willing to hang out for a bit you will be fine, but I have ended up sitting for a long time waiting to get my drink. Usually they have two waitresses for the whole bar, which is not enough, so it is understandable.Summary: Go check it out during the summer and hang out on the patio. Get the mac and cheese.
4	LOVE this place! Amazing mac n cheese and the best mojitos ever. I would have given it 5 stars but we seem to get ignored by the servers whenever we go there- so that's my one complaint.
3	This is an old bar that my grandfather took me too for lunch when I was a little kid.  I'll never forget that day, one because it was always awesome to hang out with my grandpa, and two because I bet that was the last time that the place was swept.The drinks here are interesting, and the Moscow Mule (a mix of vodka, sweet lime, and ginger beer) is one of the coolest drink to order.  A good selection of beers, and decent bartenders make the bar the highlight of Kelly's.  The last time we were there (Thursday), they had live music from DJ Zombo, whose radio show I adored when I was in under grad, so that was a little extra bonus.The food is, honestly, pretty terrible, but they are known for their mac and cheese.  Being good at making macaroni and cheese is about as impressive as being REALLY good at pooping.  There isn't too much that can go wrong in the process, so I will say that it's every bit as delicious as any other time that I have had delicious mac and cheese.  It always happens that we arrive here when I'm starving, so I've managed to dig through the menu.  Much like the food that they eat in the first Matrix movie, I feel like whenever I eat here, I'm just doing it to survive.  With all of the new restaurants that are in the area, I would recommend grabbing something to eat before you head to Kelly's.  This place is more for drinking anyways.The waitstaff is pretty rough.  You'll end up walking to the bar to get a drink if it's a busy night, and that's for the best really.  I have never had a night here where at least one of my drink orders hasn't come back all effed in the a.  This is kind of why I'm giving it a 3.If you're in the area, it's definitely worth checking out, just watch out for the sass.
5	Kelly's is one of my favorite bars in Pittsburgh.  It's the best place to go for reasonably priced (and still very good) cocktails, hipster watching, and chill conversation with friends.  They always have a good number of drafts on hand.  The sweet potato fries are my favorite, followed closely by the tofu tacos.  The booths fill up fast.  Also, the bar doesn't open until 5PM, so don't show up at 4:30PM for happy hour.
4	One of the most unique places in Pittsburgh has got to be Kelly's.  When you walk in, you could virtually be going back in time to the 50s with the bar along the wall, high-backed booths and odd but soothing pink lighting.  There's definitely an eclectic crowd that frequents Kelly's, I guess you can call it hipster, but that adds to the uniqueness of the bar.  You never know what kind of people you'll run into there.I haven't ever eaten there, but the drinks are fairly priced, especially their $4 mixed drink specials.  I've never felt cheated on the amount of libations in their Gin Buck or Mojito.When the bar area gets too crowded, you can also go to the back patio and order drinks from the waitresses on staff, who are usually pretty good.It's a good bar with a different vibe worth checking out.
4	I was young. It was my first beer out in the real world. I had a yuengling in a bottle. I felt cool. I was cool. We smoked indoors. (Do they still allow that!?) and listened to juke box music in the 50's style diner-esque booths with quiet conversation amongst friends. Beyond the cool interior, Kelly's has good food, cheap happy hours and hasn't changed a bit. I miss my good ol' local spot. Kelly's will always hold a special place in my heart.
2	I'm all fine with the surly bar maiden, but come on, if you hate your job that much, go to trade school. It would be one thing if the place were packed and people were taking you away from paying customers, but when you can't take 2 millisecond to even acknowledge that another human being has spoken to you, you need to get out of the service industry.Aside from the service, the place tries too hard over all. It's kind of 6 years past cool. We only drank, so I can't speak to anything else. The drinks were generally reasonable (for someone not from town) and not weak.The back patio is outside, which is nice, but the chairs kind of suck. Sure it's cool to have big ass white trash patio chairs and picnic tables, but it's not very conducive to actual bar conversation.The music was oddly chosen as well.Can you tell I'm not much of a fan?
3	The waitresses are Frequently bitches from hell.Bar fare is good though.
3	Ah, Kelly's, your friendly neighborhood dive bar!I've been here a few times and while I've always found myself satisfied with their libations, I can't really say it's all that memorable. Their happy hour menu is pretty satisfactory, with some of the best mac & cheese I've had in the city. Their beer selection, service, and ambiance are a bit..... how do you say? Meh.Their food's not bad and they provide several vegetarian options for all the non-meat-eaters out there. Unfortunately, everything about it just seems sort of mediocre! Their tofu bites sounded a lot better than they actually were, with the spiciness overtaking the actual flavor. It was definitely something I could have made at home.Granted, Kelly's has always seemed severely understaffed the times I've gone, so I can understand SOME of the slow service. I'm reminded of the surly hipster waitresses from the bars of my college days, ignoring tables for an eternity and forgetting refills and water. While the prices are decent, I certainly wouldn't mind paying a little bit more to have them beef up their waitstaff. It seems I can't leave Kelly's in under an hour due to how slow it is!Worth a try during happy hour, but not quite worthy of being one of my regular drinking holes.
2	gosh, i've always loved this place, but they went seriously wrong tonight. three orders of mac and cheese burned; one to the point of being inedible. the waitress gave us a free round of drinks when we complained, and when the one person who only drank water and had the inedible serving complained again, she said, "sorry." i don't think she ever took the complaint to the kitchen or the management. any restaurant can make a mistake; it's how they make up for it that matters. stay tuned - i plan to call tomorrow.
4	After reading through the reviews posted for Kelly's, I'd like to begin my review by saying a few things:You're in Pittsburgh. You decide to go to a local dive bar. You want good food, nice bar atmosphere, somewhere to sit, and maybe a nice cocktail (which is rare to get for a good price/quality ratio) or a cheap beer.Kelly's is not the place to expect someone to talk to you like you're not a regular (the waitresses aren't bitches, they're locals), nor is it the place to order a Coke when the beer flows like [insert a sweet analogy here].Come in, get a beer, check out the local scene, chill for a while, and try their unbelievable mac 'n' cheese. I guarantee, with an open mind and good company, you definitely won't be let down. If you are, I'll personally come out and pick up your tab (but you'll have to deal with me ordering a bowl or seven of the mac 'n' cheese first).Great local place. Great Pittsburgh place.
4	Mac n Cheese was damn good. Homemade bleu cheese was even better. Service was a little weak, but overall the dive bar/ lounge atmosphere and great beer selections are solid.Wish they would expand the menu
5	One of my all time favorite places to go in Pittsburgh, both as a bar and as a place for dinner.  If you are a fan of cocktails, this is where you need to be hanging out.  They are associated with the local chapter of LUPEC (http://www.lupec.org/) and therefore have some just wonderful cocktail suggestions.  I often like to try something different, though have found a few favorites there as well to just be amazing.Their food warrants note as well, in particular the item I go there fore the most - their macaroni and cheese.  It is, without a doubt, some of the best mac and cheese I've ever had in my life.  It comes out in a bowl molten hot, the top of it just perfectly burnt.  Biting into it right away is somewhat foolish, yet I can never resist.  Must try.
2	Slow service when they weren't even half full, burned mac and cheese served without blinking an eye, and pretty much mediocre food all around.  If you're headed here, sit at the bar, and chat with the bartender, and service is a hell of a lot better.
5	Luv luv this place! Great food, decor, local crowd and staff! Must try all of the yummy menu and the best Mac n cheese ever!  To Vegetarians out there...they are extremely veg friendly...tofu rules at Kelly's. Thank m for great service and night!
4	Great bar with a hipster/ grad school/ young professional crowd. We came on a Saturday night around 9 and despite being pretty full (not hard to do considering the tiny size of this place) we were able to snag a table. Our waitress was attentive and quick with the refills. Kelly's offers about 8-10 micros on draft all ranging between $4-7.50, as well as a pretty extensive cocktail menu. My friends and I were all starving so we decided to sample some of the snacks Kelly's offered. I had the pork pot stickers which were nice and tender, very flavorful, and pretty well priced (5 for $5.50). One of my friends had the Pittsburgh bites which are essentially boneless wings. I'm pretty sure he liked them seeing as he inhaled the giant portion like he was in a 4th of July eating contest. Our other friend had the chips and salsa. The chips were good but the salsa was terrible, that's to be expected though considering they are using crappy February tomatoes. I really enjoyed our time at Kelly's and I'll certainly be back.
4	Admittedly, this is the pre-drink location when I'm going to BRGR.  Sorry.  It's just true.What do I like?  Saturday night $2 Yuengling drafts.  They also have a good selection of craft brews.  I very much want to go back to Kelly's as the TARGET destination.  The food selection is intriguing and it's surprisingly swanky upon walking in (the neon sign outside led me to initially believe it would be rather dive-y, but I was pleasantly surprised that this is NOT the case).I'm coming back, Kelly!
1	Friends in from out-of-town last Friday.  We wanted to have a few drinks and talk.  I couldn't think of a better place in the East End to sit back and relax than Kelly's.  I hadn't been there in a couple of years, but remembered it fondly.  Never made it in.  We arrived at 4.30p (hoping to beat the rush of Friday afternoon commuters) but found the place locked.   No sign on the doors with the hours of operation.   The lights were on and a staff member was standing behind the bar, sorting something.   We knocked on the door.  Nobody came. We knocked on the window.  The woman behind the bar didn't even look up.  I didn't have my phone and my buddy's phone doesn't have Web access, so we called 411 for the bar's number.  Called the bar TWICE.  Nobody answered the phone.  WTF?  Are you THAT successful that you can't (a) post your hours and (b) you can show even a modicum of good customer service?Or was it because we weren't hipster dofusses (dofi?) you didn't want us in your establishment.We went down the street to another bar and enjoyed ourselves for several hours and spend a couple of hundred bucks on food and drink.
4	I am a big fan of this place. It is kinda a dive bar and kinda a hipster hangout, but the best thing about it is that it has solid drinks and very solid food. They have great drink specials and they do a great job with all of their drinks... most of which I have never heard of. Some of the food is not great, but if you get the right things you will be really really happy.I strongly recommend the mac and cheese, the Pittsburgh bites (chicken and get it spicy - it will make you want to drink more beers just like good bar food should!), the PLT (so simple and yet one of the best things I have had in the entire city), the meatloaf (the biggest surprise on the menu IMO), and the poutine (made with tater tots! and local Arsenal cheese curds!). Don't forget the daily drink with dinner.All around, Kelly's is just a solid, solid place and a great place to hang out with friends.
2	Not at all impressed with this place. I went with the expectation of a wide variety of unique cocktails. I heard it was associated with LUPEC ( ladies united for the preservation of endangered cocktails). The cocktail list was a huge dissapointment. Only about a dozen different drinks (Tom Collins, Sidecar, Rob Roy, Negroni). Nothing new to me. I make a better Tom Collins. The waitress was too busy talking with the other employees to wait on customers.Not going back again.
4	I have a crush on this place. It's unpretentious while still being a hub for Pittsburgh cuties (I can't be the only one that's noticed this). I like their dedication to cocktails and look forward to trying new ones every visit. The ambiance is great and the booths are a perfect place to go catch up with buddies or pound drinks and talk problems.
4	I need to try this again.It's very possible that I could change my mind to a five-star experience, but I need a round two. I went here for a LUPEC event and although I had a good time, it was packed (and it's not a very big space) so ordering food or drinks was difficult and sitting was right out!However, the crowd was cool and I have heard several times already that the mac and cheese is ridiculous, so I must go back and try. The cocktails were good too, that night they were offering classic, old cocktails that were really cool.I will go back again when it's not so bad.
3	First off, I need to break my rating down a bit... The bar and the mac n' cheese get 5 stars.  Nothing better than the mac n' cheese here, I probably could eat a bucket full.  It is peppery, though, so if that ain't your thang then you've been warned.  Also, the quality of other food I've gotten here was better than your average bar food.  The bar has fantastic choices of drafts and the service is very good.  The patio in the back was a very nice surprise... I was at Kelly's several times before I even knew it existed.  Wonderful option...but this is where things go wrong.  The service at the tables and the patio is atrocious.  Actually it's laughable how rude the waitress was to our party (unprovoked!).  I was prepared for it after reading some reviews on here, but was startled by how much the warnings rang true.  I don't believe this is a matter of "we didn't know somebody" or "we don't look hip enough", I honestly just think they understaff their floor.  There was one waitress in charge of all inside and patio and she was obviously overwhelmed.  Next time I will stick to the bar (and the mac!).
1	Kelly's, located at the ever-yuppifying intersection of Shadyside and East Liberty, has the curious distinction of being an avowed non-lesbian bar that refuses the bare minimum of customer service to anyone but lesbians. As a bisexual employee of the software industry, my talents include A/B testing the waitstaff at Kelly's, and boy, have I! The verdict is in: you'll have to be a sister on the Island of Sappho to have an even marginally pleasant experience here. This is totally cool; after all, Lord knows the 'Burgh could use more lesbian bars. But if that's what you are, don't advertise your space as welcoming to anyone and everyone who digs rock n' roll dive bars.My first experience at Kelly's was also a first date with a lady I've long since left. Our orders were picture-perfect and our waitress was pleasant as could be, stopping by constantly to ask if we needed anything. A repeat visit to Kelly's, for a female friend's birthday party with a damn near all-girl group - the one guy, my husband, was decked out like Bowie from the 70s, which is to say he looked extremely gay - and the beer and liquor was flowing, while the waitstaff was convivial and attentive. "I could really get into this place," I thought. I was so wrong.The next two times I came to Kelly's, I made the error of coming with men. This was a Mistake of Epic Proportions, on par with selling Andrea Dworkin on the idea of sex-positive porn. Both times, our waitress (two different waitresses!) ignored our table for as long as they possibly could. My second go-round with bringing men to Kelly's left us sitting in a near-empty bar for 25 minutes. We were about to leave when we finally got service. My first angsty waitress acted like she was doing me a favor by taking my order, and the second didn't make eye contact, preferring to grunt and scribble on her note pad. I don't think she said one complete sentence to us. And so I kept getting the beers and the guys kept getting my martinis, both times. Our mac n' cheese on the first trip was burned, which I assume was the kitchen's way of saying "fuck you" for bringing Y chromosomes to the place. On my second trip, I ordered a gin and tonic, and got - no joke - a 16-oz. glass of tonic water with lime. When I politely asked for gin, our waitress tossed me a disgusted grimace and heaved a sad sigh, as if she'd just been sentenced to 50 years in the clink. Other male friends back in Pittsburgh have reported similar issues with Kelly's, so I'm not imagining the gender-biased service discrepancies. And they're not just rude, nor are they merely bigoted. They make going out WORK. This venue gets one star because it offered me: a) a patio providing comfortable respite in the summer, b) a jukebox with some 70s and 80s alt/punk hits I love, and c) clean bathrooms. However, a one star rating this will stay because loud music, toilets, and outdoor seating are bare-minimum offerings when you build a bar aimed at the under-40 alt-rock set. And sadly, as East Liberty continues to gentrify, even those elements have slipped. If you like service with a scowl, fantasize about lighting 20-dollar bills on fire, or get off on watching kids with Elvis Costello glasses who've literally just learned how to drink queue up "music" destroyed by Auto-Tune, come to Kelly's.
3	Why does everyone love their mac 'n cheese?  Their mac n cheese is FREAKING TERRIBLE.  It's burned!  not good!  go to the harris.  their mac n cheese is better.the service depends on how many of the waitstaff have ovulated recently.  its seriously bi polar.  Sometimes they're nice, other times the will actually tell you just how put out they are to serve you.  If you want to order food, don't sit on the back patio.  I think the staff forgets it exists.I used to work at Borders when it was open and we'd often go there afterwards for drinks and food.  There was one night the waitress never came to our table, so we went to hte bar and ordered drinks and then she was pissed.  She let us know htis by slamming glasses of water we hadn't ordered down on our table.  We wanted to order food, but she stomped away.  I was so frustrated (but mostly drunk), actually lit the menu on fire to get her attention.  She came right over.  Props to her for not throwing us out, but I think it earned us "Kelly's cred" or something bc I've never had a problem since.Actually, I think I kind of like that the waitstaff is so bitchy.  It's part of Kelly's charm bc it's so consistent.Most of the food on the menu is tasty.  They make a fantastic hamburger w homemade mustard.  They have $4 daily drink specials, fun cocktails, and a good beer list.This place fills up quickly on the weekends and if you don't like hipsters, this is not the place for you.  the crowd tends to be a little older, like late 20s - 30s.  Pro tip:  the chance youll get stabbed walking to your car is real, so be careful when leaving hte bar late at night.
3	Kelly's is a bit of an enigma wrapped inside a contradiction for me.  On one hand, the inside of the building looks updated (recessed lighting, good AC, clean surfaces).  On the flip side, the tables, seating, and sign out front are a bit retro.  The tables are the kind you imagine at an old diner and the seats are plush leather--some of which are a little torn up.  The sign out front echoes from a 1950's diner and gives me the impression I'm coming to a place out of Pulp Fiction.  However, instead of hearing music Travalta could do the twist to, it's music from today's top 40's list with loud pumped-up bass.I don't know what to feel, so I just feel confused.I probably could have been persuaded into thinking Kelly's was actually a trendy bar that just looks retro, but the food was straight up bar food: kielbasa, sweet potato fries, and Pittsburgh Bites/Poppers (I can't exactly remember what they were called, but they were basically a cross between chicken nuggets and boneless chicken wings).  I wouldn't say any of the aforementioned dishes were particularly inspired--just decent bar food.However, the Mac N Cheese is a completely different story.  I wouldn't go as far as calling it divine, but it was really tasty.  The "normal" sized serving is enormous--easily a main course (which I believe it technically is).Service the first time I went, which was during happy hour, was.... curt?  I mean, our waitress came and took our order, but there were no pleasantries.  Our drinks came as hurried as our waitress left after dropping them off.  The second time I went, which was around 9:30pm on a Thursday, service was little bit more friendly.  Maybe our first waitress was just been having a bad/busy day.Lastly, Happy Hour did seem very happy to me.  While appetizers are 1/2 off, it is impossible to tell from looking at the menu what is considered an appetizer vs. an entree.  I thought we ordered all apps, but turns out we were about 50% right on that.  The fries and nugget things are apps, but the Mac N Cheese and kielbasa dish are not.  The drink part of happy hour isn't especially exciting--especially if you don't drink beer like me.  While there was a decent price on the draft beers during happy hour, they only have one cocktail (changes daily) that is slightly discounted.  I would come back to Kelly's for the intriguing atmosphere and the Mac N Cheese.  I just wouldn't get my hopes up too high for an awesome happy hour or exceptional food.
4	I like this spot.  Decent beer list, good happy hour, nice staff.  The menu isn't great, but it's still decent bar food.  Good cocktails as well.I can't believe this place is empty during happy hour.  Also, as I was looking over the menu, I saw a 22 Stone Vintage Ale for $5.  I asked the bartender about it, knowing that it was surly a typo.  His response, "Sometimes we sneak a crazy price on the menu and see who notices.  We sold out of that one in a few hours."Kelly's has attitude, which I like. But there's other reasons to go too.  Check this spot out.
5	One of my favorite bars in the city, even though I don't get here enough. Sorta has a hipster vibe, but not in a pretentuous way. They have daily drink specials and a nice selection of beers on tap.  The bartenders are nice, the patrons are friendly and even if you come alone you will have a bunch of new friends by the time you leave.Kelly's sort of feels like walking back in time. a 50's diner feel, dark, and cozy. The back porch is a great place to hang out on warm nights but fills up quickly.Get the mac and cheese if you are hungry. It's stellar.
2	I normally don't like to give bad reviews on Yelp. However, I've gone twice to Kelly's Bar and Lounge and had an unsatisfying experience. I felt completely unwanted to be there from the staff. I don't expect over the top service but I want to feel okay being there which I didn't. We ended up leaving without getting any food because they kept on ignoring us and being unkind.
5	I like neon. Theres just something about it that says taboo allure to indulge in all sort of human vices. Moths to the Noble Gas flame, people seem to slither their way to these oasis's of the night, incubating amongst each other in a haze of sensory saturation. Kelly's beckons to the person who wants to sit and have a beer, the person who may want to catch someone's eye without filtering through waves of affliction shirts over the rancor of the latest Young ___zy song, perhaps someone who wants to wear argyle and sport a mustache and still think its not ironic that he(she?) is trying to be ironic, the person who simply wants to enjoy a solid bev for a price point for "chincy" Pittsburghers. Me? well, I like a stiff drink and 70's decor. Somewhere in a previous life I wore nothing but polyester. More like Miami Vice, or maybe Boogie Nights. Either way, environment is always friendly, or intimate, depending on what you wish. You cant go wrong with a French 57, the mac and cheese is all sorts of nom nom, and the tab for a night at Kellys is something you can feel comfortable taking home, even if you aren't taking anything else.
4	I visited Kelly's for a second time a few weeks ago while I was in town. Just like last time, I really liked it. The decor is great, which red leather  booths and low light. The music that was playing that night was fantastic. I'm not sure if it was someone's ipod mix or the jukebox, but there was old school Michael Jackson, Dave Brubeck, Dick Dale, and other treats. I ordered the grilled houlumi and olives, which I had also had last time and fell in love. I also had a salad with cranberries and goat cheese and a delicious lemony vinegarette. So tasty. We were there on a Thursday night, probably from 7:30 until 9 or so. I was never super busy, but always people there. Our server was very attentive and helpful. I would absolutely go the Kelly's on my next trip to Pittsburgh.
2	Some people just shouldn't work in the service industry and all of those people work at Kelly's. Both the bartender and our server were about 20% interested in us being there.Ambiance is cool, drinks and food are okay - there's no reason why this couldn't become my neighborhood hangout other than the staff. And that's a big reason.But, I guess that's what one should expect from a place that's web presence is a Myspace account.
4	Where do you go during blizzard conditions in Pittsburgh - Kelly's Bar and Lounge.We walked in and parked at the bar.   There was a great vibe with a diverse crowd.   The music selection was great with many alternative / punk tunes playing.    We just walked in for drinks.  I will be back.Atmosphere - Great Vibe, Great Music, Lotsa peopleService - The bartenders were preoccupied as some reviewers mentioned but I did not have problem getting our drinksPrice - Great (one of the cheaper places I have visited in Pitt)
4	This was my favorite bar when I lived on Highland. It has that divey feel that can easily skew hipster, but without the pretention. Suffice it to say, my Belvederes-going friends like it, my Southside-going friends like it, my Harris Grill-going friends like it, literally everyone I've taken here has liked it. It's cozy, it's chill, the outdoor patio is awesome, and the drinks are consistently good AND cheap. Every day a different classic cocktail is on special, which is a fun way to try something new. The beer list is short but solid.I have to confess that I'm not the biggest fan of Kelly's food. I know the mac & cheese gets rave reviews, but I think it's just okay. I usually order it anyway if I get hungry because it's probably the best thing on the menu, but I'm just not that into the cheese they use. The potstickers are pretty good too. The service can be hit-or-miss. Overall I wouldn't go out of my way for Kelly's (if you are craving mac & cheese, head up the street to Union Pig & Chicken for a way better version), but if you're in the area and in need of a good, cheap drink, it will totally hit the spot.
3	Was only here for the bar experience, so this obviously will not encompass the whole vibe of the place.Great mix of an old time feel in here mixed with a dash of hipster.  Speaking of hipster, I must have been present during hipster night.  The irony here was that the was I was dressed (coming straight from work) I kind of fit in.  My black rimmed glasses did not tell me any lies in here when I was going over the draft menu.  So many different ones to select from that I wasn't sure which I wanted more.  Of course I tried the Brooklyn Chocolate and then followed that with an East End Winter.  Both delicious, both worth the wait/price.Staff here seem to miscommunicate with one another.  When we first entered we seated ourselves at a booth and the waitress came over to let us know that due to her not feeling well she was going home and that if we wanted anything we would have to go to the bar.  Fine by us, no harm there.  Went up and ordered the first round and the bartender told us due to the tap taking a while she would bring it to our table, great.  While we were waiting the ailing waitress came back by to tell us that the bartender was not going to bring us our drinks.  At that point I wanted to ask how she was feeling as she had not left, but opted to ignore her.  Our drinks were delivered and we were fine.The music on this particular night was a mix from the 60s which was fine by me, old tunes are good tunes.  Even for as small of a space the DJ was crammed into, people were still in front of him dancing it up.Maybe in the near future I will come back here and try their food selections, I'm hearing some good things about this place food wise, but if I do, that will be an updated review.
4	I like Kelly's.... I like the retro diner interior, neon lights, tatted waitresses. I like that they have plenty of absolut flavors and reasonably priced drinks. They have that trendy drink menu which includes cocktails with ingredients like ginger, then have plain old booze too, I've always had great servers here, even when its super busy. Its loud! People enjoy their banter here, its not dim want to be club bar with pulsing music and people in the shadows. Very small space with lots of seating packed in so be cautious of that, if noise levels grate you.Food, its decent, the only thing I eat there much is the Mac and Cheese, I could swim in a giant bowl of it and lick it off myself all night long.
2	Our waitress was horrible - she seemed incredibly overwhelmed by even the smallest request, and would disappear for large periods of time. And then there was the food, which I would call "mediocre at best". My fish tacos consisted of a tortilla, breaded fish (that had unquestionably been frozen 30 minutes earlier and slightly resembled a fish sticks), shredded lettuce (that came straight from a bag). We also ordered the mac and cheese and the Pittsburgh bites. Given that all of these items were also premade, I am not sure how it took 45 minutes to get our food. My best guess is that our waitress forgot to submit our order.The only points of redemption were the good drink specials and the Honeybee cocktail (which was not on special but was absolutely delicious).
4	Mac'n Cheese washed down with beer or a cocktail.After a bad day at work you cannot do much better than Kelly's for happy hour.  The creative menu of appetizer esque foods are quite satisfying. The mac'n cheese has got to be their best, but duck potstickers are also great.
2	I'm giving this place two stars only because the first time I went, a few months ago, the server was great and very helpful.Based on my most recent visit, about a week ago, I wouldn't give it any stars at all. I went with one person and it took forever to get served. We were brought drinks after a long wait, and the server dashed off without asking if we wanted to order food. Our server disappeared for what felt like an age and when we finally did get her attention it felt like we were bothering her by ordering.I ordered the mac and cheese because I heard good things, but it was terrible. It felt like Kraft mac that someone accidentally dropped a whole grinder of pepper into. I asked the server why it was so peppery and she said it was usually spicy - there's a difference between spicy and the feeling of eating pure pepper. She said she'd ask in the kitchen what was wrong with it but she never did. After another age of waiting for her to return, the person I was with just handed her a credit card and asked her to charge it without even looking at the check first because we felt like we were going to be there all night.For one drink and one small food item each we were there for more than two hours, on a somewhat quiet Wednesday night. As I said, my first experience was good but the last one was so bad I don't think I'll bother going again.
3	Kelly's cocktails are solid. Small, but strong. Their food not so much. Had to send back the fish tacos as they were overcooked, as in they came out looking black. My replacement looked marginally better. The day before I had an awesome Caiprinha and so-so pot stickers. The verdict: Kelly's will simply be the spot for getting a good cocktail, nothing more.
5	OMG. The Mac and cheese is really good. Crunchy on the top and stringy cheese in the middle. Great job. Love it.
1	I went here once over 6 years ago, and guess what?  I haven't been back.  Their service sucks and their drink prices are ridiculous.  My waitress was more interested in sitting down at the booth behind me to talk to her friends than getting my drink order.    Never say never, but there is a good chance that I shall never return here.  Bad customer service really gets my goat.
5	Great drink specials! The night we went it was Rusty Nails for four bucks. Yes, please! They've also got an ever-changing selection if bottle and draft beers. As far as food goes, this place's top billing is for the Mac and cheese, and rightfully so. I had the sweet potato fries, which were more like thick cut sweet potato chips/slices..  difficult to describe. Um.. Fried cross-sections of sweet tater, there we go. And that came with a lovely aioli-esque dipping sauce. If you don't like mayo, though, ask for something else. I love the hole-in-the-wall atmosphere here. It's divey and casual and fantastic. Bring some friends, cram into a booth, and have some pints and mac.
5	This place is super hip and unique and boasts one of the coolest drink menus I have ever seen. Located in East Liberty right at the corner of S. Highland and Center, Kelly's is an old 50s-type diner which moonlights as the funkiest hipster bar in the neighborhood. I was so happy for the amazing happy hour and specialty drink specials every night of the week for 4 bucks. The food is great too- taking unique spins off of old dishes like mac and cheese (sooooo yummy). While the service isn't amazing, just chill and pull up to a diner booth and enjoy the atmosphere. The patio in the back is a mainstay, and is perfect once the weather gets warm enough. One complaint I would have is that the DJ sometimes plays music a bit too loud, but otherwise this place should be on any Burgher's must-visit list!
4	Divey, run down, cracked vinyl seats on the booths, old.That being said the Bloody Mary was decent, not amazing.  The service was very good and helpful.  And as other reviewers have most certainly pointed out, the Mac and cheese was amazing.  I DO NOT like pasta or Mac and cheese really at all, but was talked into it.  Yum!Sweet potato fries were slices rather than the regular long cut and came with a pretty tasty garlic aioli sauce...those were good, really good but a little greasy.  That's all I had here but would definitely recommend for the Mac and cheese.  DEFINITELY.
1	I used to like this place. Then about 2 weeks ago my husband and I got the worst food poisoning of our lives after sharing the fish tacos. I admit that it was pretty dumb of us to get fish tacos at a bar. We were sick for 3 days straight (as in, couldn't even hold down water). I figured I should warn other people to at least think twice before getting meat here.  I certainly won't be going back
4	What more can you ask for from a bar than a great neon sign outside, fantastic booths all along the wall, a great countertop bar, and out back tables and chairs I a  private little patio area?Probably the best mac & cheese in the city -- got to have that.  Really good haloumi.  Burgers and fries are excellent.  Staff is fantastic, occasionally they have a DJ in there as well. Highly recommend for an after work drink or a casual dinner!
3	Kelly's is really hit or miss. You either have great service or horrible service. Their food is really good though, and their specialty drinks are great. We had burgers at Kelly's a few weeks ago and they were wonderful. Perfectly cooked and tasty!
4	Yummilicious ! And that waitress is WORKING the place!!!! So good! Buffalo bites are HOT! Mac n Cheese to die for, with a hint of lemon undertone - mmmmm!!!!
4	I've driven past so many times and finally stopped in during the best hour of the day, happy hour. Definitely going to come here again if I find a parking spot nearby specifically for their fries. Their cheap, gargantuan pile of fries, around $3. I wasn't a fan of buffalo wings (because I hate buffalo wings and my friend ordered for me) and their specialty drink (because I felt obligated to try their daily happy hour drink).
5	pretty much my favorite bar in pittsburgh. great beers, cocktails, cool staff, awesome decor
3	This place is correct. A perfect 3.5. I had an old fashioned which was just okay (I'm not a big fan of crushed ice on my old fadhioneds) and a burger which was good. The place feels like the evolution of the Squirrel Cage - you can't smoke in here, the music is fine and everyone seems friendly enough. The drinks aren't terribly expensive But the food isn't super cheap. Like I said, I would totes give this place a 3.5 and if you've never been I highly recommend it! But it's not a 4. That said, on the right night this place can be a 5 - great ambiance and lots of potential to have a great night here.
5	Kelly's is my favorite bar in the city. The sweet potato fries were my go-to except now they have a gluten free Mac-n-cheese that is amazing. I thought it was eating real Mac-n-cheese and about to be sick for days. I always go for a drink special because for $4, I'm going to get real drunk. Parking is not great, except during the winter when a little snow scares everyone away. I generally try to park behind the building (currently construction blocking those spots) or over by the library on Baum. I also love this bar because there is no smoking inside. Despite the fact I enjoy the smell of cigarettes, I hate when I smell like an ash tray. There is a smoke-friendly back patio.
4	I've gone on a string of terrible dates here, and once threw my back out trying to lift one of their heavy aluminum patio chairs, but none of these incidents has diminished my fundamental love for Kelly's. The clientele is sort of precious (lots of ironic facial hair) but the drinks are strong and the price is right. They host the local LUPEC (Ladies United for the Protection of Endangered Cocktails) chapter, so they always have interesting drinks you can't find anywhere else (though my dates all insisted on being unadventurous and drinking beer--part of the reason why there weren't any second dates, tbh!) Last time I was in on a rainy Tuesday night, I had a gin rickey and felt like a chubbier, poorer, hopefully more moral Daisy Buchanan. Their mac and cheese is allegedly the best in the city, and it's really good with a yummy burnt crust, though I prefer Butcher and the Rye's. There's also a cool patio in the back with a tiki-ish theme that's nice to sit in during the summer (don't try to lift those chairs, though!) I'll still go to the Squirrel Cage for my hardest East End drinking, but Kelly's is a nice little place with a cool and inexpensive cocktail selection.
4	Took a date here and we both have never been before. Fairly small and cozy and has a nice mellow vibe to it. Almost makes me think of an old timey diner with the booths.It was a Saturday at about 10 pm we arrived and found a booth right away. I ordered a vodka red bull but they don't carry red bull(odd) but I ordered a rum and a diet and it was spot on. My date ordered a miller lite which they don't have, bud light either. They only had Iron City and Amstel on light beers. Bartender was a no nonsense kind of guy but served us right away. We sat in our booth without having to talk over the music or other people so the noise level was even keel. We eventually made our way to the patio into these ridiculously laid back chairs. Could def have some better options for that. All in all the drinks were cheap, the atmosphere mellow and the employees pretty laid back. Would def reccomend to check out for a few drinks with friends or a to bring a date too. Just beware of the bathrooms :-/
4	Solid lounge atmosphere, complete with dim red lighting and throwback tunes mixed in with more contemporary tracks. The $4 daily cocktail special is pretty legit. 5-7pm happy hour on draft beers and half off apps. The patio is great on a nice day.
5	Okay, this place is magical. Tucked away in East Liberty, Kelly's has been a mainstay since BEFORE this area was cool. The divey laid-back vibe is perfect for happy hour, drinks, dinner, or a late night bite. The space is cozy and welcoming, and when it's warm there's a patio out back you can hang in. I say hang out, because I don't think I've ever gone for a quick drink or bite. Kelly's is a space you can get comfy in, and probably stay far longer than you anticipate. Kelly's has awesome Happy Hour specials: discounted drafts, half off apps, and a insanely cheap cocktail of the day. Draft list is consistently great, and if you're not a beer drinker, you'll surely like the cocktails. Across the board, I couldn't be happier to pop out of work over to this spot. If you are looking for some of the BEST MAC N CHEESE in the city of Pittsburgh, stop reading this and sprint over to Kelly's. The mac and cheese is nuts, and I haven't gone beyond that on the menu because it's MIND BLOWING. Part gourmet, part made by your drunk roommate on a Saturday night, it's delicious and slightly over the top with a ton of different spices. I usually get the smaller serving because there is just so much cheese.Just writing this makes me realize it's been too long since my last visit. Happy hour anyone?
3	This place is fine! I was told by my local friends that it has the best mac and cheese not just in Pittsburgh but anywhere, and while that's not true, the mac is better than most places, and a bit peppery. The cocktails are good, the prices reasonable, and the patio is charming, even if the seats are clearly made for giants (i.e., those 5'5" and up).
4	I came here because of the mac n cheese. And yes, it's definitely that good. But I've kept coming back because of the drink specials, old school cocktails, the awesome patio, and happy hour food deals.The happy hour snacks are priced too good to pass up, but honestly, aren't really that special. I think I've ordered the tofu tacos 20 times and I never even really liked them that much, they're just too cheap to pass up. The tofu bites are okay, too, with spicy wing sauces but nothing too special there. The mac n cheese is amazing, like everyone has said, but it is a recipe for a heart attack and doesn't pair well with a night out drinking.The cocktails, on the other hand, are crazy good. They have a classic menu with old-school drinks that I've never heard of before. A lot of them are knock-your-socks-off strong and unique, and one drink each day is on special, depending on the day of the week.So I guess what I'm really saying here is, go to Kelly's for a fun atmosphere and grab a couple crazy drinks on the patio with some mac n cheese and sweet potato fries and you won't be broke or disappointed.
4	Kelly's is hands down one of the best values for a happy hour that I've found in Pittsburgh. The daily half-price cocktail is always legit, and the full-price ones are cheap enough to justify ordering one of them as well. The half-off happy hour appetizers aren't the always the greatest, but there are some standouts (like the sweet potato fries or Tex Mex rolls!) and the rock-bottom prices justify it somewhat. Both the staff and other customers tend to be pleasant as well. It's certainly not a place that attracts obnoxious creepers. I'll keep coming back here for the reasonable happy hour and no-nonsense vibe!
4	Kelly's has been on my to-visit list forever, but I finally received the opportunity to check it out on Wed.  I was planning to go to Burgatory with a friend to claim my free birthday milkshake, but a previous commitment ran late to the point that we were unsure if we'd have sufficient time before closing.  Since my friend had also suggested getting drinks, I suggested that we try Kelly's instead, so we headed over.When we walked in, nobody came to greet us, so we seated ourselves at one of the booths.  Upon doing so, a hipster waiter, complete with large gauges, tats, and interesting hair handed us menus.  He told us that the drink special of the night was a rusty nail, which consisted of Scotch and Drambuie (orange liqueur) for $4, so we both decided to try it.  It was smooth, but quite strong, to the point that it burned a bit going down.  The ice thinned it out as we drank, however, so by the time we finished it, it was substantially thinner.Because we were hungry, we decided to get some snacks to go with our drinks.  As a mac and cheese snob, I had to order the mac and cheese, since I'd heard of its claim to fame as one of the best in PGH.  Consistent with my preferences, this mac and cheese is of the baked variety, and comes with a crust on top, but has a sharp cheddar sauce that is surprisingly creamy underneath. Although it didn't beat my current front runner for best mac and cheese in PGH (Carmi), it's definitely in the top tier of mac and cheeses (score: 9.0/10).  Based on my recommendation, my friend ordered the sweet potato fries with cajun aioli.  When they came out, the fries appeared more like chips, but thicker (see photo).  While the flavor was very good, esp. hot, the texture left something to be desired, since they lacked crispiness or crunch.Overall, I enjoyed the drinks and food at Kelly's.  The ambience was interesting--something of a cross between a bar and a diner--and came off as hipster without trying too hard (a la Wingharts) or being pretentious.  My only complaint was that the music was a bit loud--not so much that I had to shout across the table, but enough to be slightly annoying.  I don't have any complaints about the service, except that I was carded (I'm not usually carded at bars anymore--but then again, my friend is a couple years younger than me).  I'd definitely be up for stopping back in, esp. to try the much-talked-about happy hour, and some of the other interesting, less common drinks served there.
