3	C Bar at the Stratosphere. I know.. "Why would you be at the Stratosphere?" Well, the Friday night event for Birthdaycon was at C Bar this year, and I gotta tell ya - it's not that bad! It's the semi-standard circular "center" bar setup you'll find around Vegas (even though it doesn't seem to be in the center of anything). Booth seating around the outer circumference, video poker bar around the inner and tables with comfortable-enough chairs in the middle. Drinks were standard casino fare...$5-10 each. The waitress was nice enough. Bartenders were a little douche-y. But seriously, it really wasn't that bad!! I don't know about you, but when I heard "bar at the Stratosphere" I cringed.  It seems I may have over-reacted a little. There are definitely worse places on the Strip to sit and drink. C Bar wasn't really packed on a Friday CES night, and it's even pretty close to the so-so valet. I don't know why I'd ever go back here, but if I had to, I wouldn't be that upset about it!
4	When I am in Vegas for one of my, "I have to get out of Milwaukee. I don't care where I stay!", weekends, and I get free nights at the Strat, this bar is pretty nice. You can drink free if you play Video Poker or there are usually free drink coupons available from the front desk. One night I even met Tiffany and Danny Bonaduce(sp.?) here. Talk about a bizarre pop culture moment! There is a nice easy ramp for wheelchair access.
4	Stayed at Strat this past week.  The C Bar has an excellent Happy Hour on the weekdays, all you can drink (draft beer, margaritas and martinis) for $19.99 from 4p.m. to 8p.m.  It is well worth it, if you are a fan of draft beer.  The use 16 oz, cold glasses, not small plastic cups like some other bars.   The bar is clean, the staff friendly.   There are booths around the bar, so you don't have to sit at the bar and gamble.
4	Probably the only redeeming place in all of Stratosphere.  My company had booked our CES Travel really late so we were stuck staying at the Stratosphere hotel. Thank goodness for this bar though! They have happy hour from 5-9PM, bottomless margaritas, martini's and draft beers.  I paid my $20 and drank maybe 9 margaritas, so it was totally worth it. They are a bit watered down but they still do the trick.  You can also order pizza from the foodcourt upstairs. They accidentally gave my sandwich to someone else, so the bartender hooked me up with the good tequila for my next drink.  Wouldn't make the effort to come here if I wasn't staying at the hotel, but good for drinks!
5	Seeing how we were staying at the Stratosphere this was sort of my home base bar for the weekend.When we were too slammed to get very far was all posted up at the video poker machines and knocked back a couple vodka tonics.  Not very strong but not watery either.  The gracious bar tender let us camp for like $5 which was decent.The morning we were supposed to be leaving turns out I was the only one who went to bed that night.  I ended up back at C Bar at 7:00AM to play some video black jack and have a hair of the dog before we sat in the famous traffic home.  Abel was the bartender and he left me to my hung over self only to bring me a fresh Bud Light Bottle every so often.  He kept my ash tray empty and from my stool I was able to see out of the front of the casino and all the slots.Nice, quiet, relaxing...so not Vegas but so what I needed.
1	I had a terrible experience here while grabbing a pre-show drink before the Frankie Moreno event. This bar and their bartenders are officially dead to me.So first off it takes me 10 minutes to finally flag down a bartender. There are 4 behind the bar and they're all just chatting and avoiding me and two other patrons the whole time. As a former bartender myself this is just shit protocol. Once I finally grab a bartender I place my order. I decided to get a Long Island since I was in the mood to start off my evening strong. A good bartender will usually make the drink in front of you, but this meth-head looking guy with the 70's pornstar mustache proceeds to walk all the way around the bar to make my drink, even thou every bottle he needed was right there where I took my order. He brings back the drink within seconds, which anyone that knows shit about a Long Island knows it's gonna take more time to make than that. He tells me my total, I pay up and take a sip. He basically poured an ounce of vodka and filled the rest of the glass with sour mix. This drink is fucking disgusting!So I flag him down and ask him what he did and if he could please remake it properly. He tells me no, that it's a proper drink, and informs be that I'm being a picky asshole. Anyone that knows me knows I don't take shit from anyone, much less an asshole. So we went back and forth, he still refuses to remake it. So I tell him to do something like eat a bag of dicks, I walk off with my shitty drink, and went up to the information desk and informed them of the shitty attitude their bartender has. I don't know if they'll address the situation, but all I know is I'll never give another dollar to the C Bar. And I advise you to do the same.
1	I was here this past Saturday (10/5) at around 1:00pm.Every time I go to Vegas I love to get Pina Coladas from the various hotel bars to compare. I was gambling at the Stratosphere so I decided to stop here to give their pina coladas a try.  There were two bartenders on duty. One older guy and one younger guy. Both were horrible! First of all, they were totally uninterested in the bar and its customers. They seemed to only be interested in each other and huddling up to talk to each other on the other side of the bar where nobody was sitting.People, such as myself, would come up to order a drink and they never checked on customers or anything. I stood there for close to 10 minutes before this guy who had been at the bar with his girlfriend for a while drinking and playing games, whistled to get the younger guy's attention to come serve me.He finally comes over there and walked over to them and said, "What do you need?" They said, "Dude we don't need anything, but you have a customer that has been standing here for the longest time waiting to be served." So he looked over at me and hesitantly walked up. He still didn't say anything. He didn't greet me or say, "Can I get you something?" NOTHING! He just stood there with this blank look on his face like he couldn't IMAGINE what I might want from him??!!So I said, "Um, I would like to order drinks". And he said, "Oh...drinks?" AS IF this was news to him that someone would come up to a damn bar to order DRINKS??!!  So I ordered my drinks for myself and the person I was with. So he made the drinks and never ONCE made eye contact or exerted any sort of true customer service. He just rang me up.The damn pina colada was $9.75 and it was below mediocre. argh  I went ahead and tipped him because if I didn't, I know his lame ass would have probably blamed it on me being black and NOT on the fact that he's a lousy bartender that gave shitty, dismissive service!On top of that, while I was standing there waiting for my drinks to be made, the older guy argued with this couple about the amount they charged them for their drinks. They were arguing that because they were playing video poker (or whatever game it was up there) that they shouldn't be charged full price for their drinks. They were saying that they were staying at the hotel and the night before they paid less than $9 for the same drinks BECAUSE they were playing video poker. But on that day, this older guy was charging them $12 for their drinks.The older guy was very gruff in his tone when telling them there was NO WAY they could have paid anything below $9.75 for their drinks. So he was basically calling them liars. When they tried to appeal to the younger guy, he was confused as hell. In one breath he was telling them they charge less if you're playing games at the bar...and in the next breath he was telling them they had to pay full price for their drinks? They were pissed.Anyway, the bartender that I had to deal with was named Ben. Steer clear of his clueless, non customer service having ass! I don't know what their deal was that day but they pissed me off. All I wanted was a pina colada and instead I was treated like I was a nuisance to them! So weird!
4	The first few times we went to C Bar were unimpressive and unmemorable.  Then I gave them another try with the advice of Matthew and JT.  The first bartender we met, who had no idea I had prior issues with service was Samantha - She Rocks!  Very courteous, professional, friendly and quick!    Our service that night and subsequent nights shows marked improvement.  We will be back and provided the level of service remains as it was that night, we will recommend.  Good job to management for getting things straightened out!
4	Went here for post-NYE libations because a friend was spinning. Very uneventful. Drinks were good. Service was slow so we found ourselves wandering to the bar rather than waiting for a waitress.We found a nice place to kick back almost immediately after arriving which was cool. Altogether nothing spectacular but then again it doesn't claim to be.
