2	OK taking the fam out for ice cream on a saturday afternoon to a real live ice cream parlor seems like a great idea in theory but...Lets take a few steps back.  This Swensen's has been at this location ever since I can remember, 28th drive and Peoria and oh how I love my ghetto MetroCenter Area, MCA fo life y'all.But just like the area is going to hell so are some of the businesses.  Our waiter was a young lad, likeable enough but had way too many things to do to really give great service.  He was waiting and bissing tables when then saw him behind the counter slangin sundaes.Now my shit was good, some kind of candy bar sundae.  But I asked for chocolate ice cream instead of the vanilla and got, you guessed it vanilla.  We had waited so long for it that I finally just said fug it.  I'm eating vanilla.  They also gipped me on the sweet swensens wafer cookie and that is some low down shit.My wife had a wuss bag simple sundae(she cant hang with the big boys).  My 16 year old had a super chocolate sundae and my 2 year old, well she had a scrary clown deal.  We all like the ice cream.  The vibe and service just wasnt to par.Grand total for an afternoon of ice cream with the fam w/tip - $29.00 buckaroos frenz.  Now that is some insane dinero for metrocenter grindage....
4	Ice cream was good and places like this is hard to find. Usually places just serve plain ice cream but this ice cream was really good. I'd recommend this to everyone although it's a bit pricey for Ice Cream.
3	Many years ago I worked at a Swensen's in California . I was thrilled to have such a fun job scooping ice cream. The memories of those days has made me crave my favorite ice cream flavor  Chocolate Peanut Butter, a flavor that used to be my rich sweet special ice cream treat friend. Well yesterday I surprised the kids with a trip to Swensens I actually thought it was closed for some reason.  The place reminds me a lot of the place I worked at same oaky dark brown wood, marble tables , many of the same flavors of ice cream. They stil have loads of rich toppings and combination of flavors  . The bummer is the flavor did not have the butterfat flavor of Swensen's of old. It was tasty , it was good but not earth shaking, and I like my treats earth shakingly good. It is a quaint place , good for taking grandma out for an old fashioned sundae, kids out for ice cream after eighth grade graduation  or stopping for a treat with your kids.
2	It's just not the same as it was when I was a kid. If you're going because it used to be great, don't bother seeking it out again.
2	Since when did Swensens start sucking, or has it always and I just had lower standards in high school? So the hubs and I dropped off the pup over at Petsmart to be groomed and want to grab a quick bite. We see Swensens and both get excited as neither of us have been there since high school. We walk in and are seated promptly. Our waiter was friendly and quick. We both ordered a burger & fries and we split a malt. The burger were pretty sad. You can tell they are not fresh and that they come from a freezer, the patties were pretty rubbery. We both order burgers that came on sourdough bread grilled in a garlic butter and Parmesan cheese spread. The bread was boarder line burned/unedible. Not grilled at all,but charred and black. The fries were decent. The malt was tasty. But nothing show stopping. Swensens is probably good for ice cream and that's it. I wouldn't go here for a meal ever again.
3	I have such good memories of Swensen's... we used to go there when I was a little kid. Anyway, so the BF, his family, and I went here for ice cream tonight for his mom's birthday. It was ok. I remember it being better. We got a banana split and it was good but lacking some flavor. All the ice cream and toppings were more watery than I remember. Of course it was still good....just nothing special. His mom got a caramel brownie sundae that was pretty tasty and his dad got a bonanza sundae which looked good. The service was a little slow, but fine. The prices there are really high.... especially for mediocre quality ice cream. I just wish it was like it was when I was a little kid. *sigh.
3	Both my husband and I remember growing up with a Swensens, him in Hawaii and me in Ft. Worth area. So this weekend, we spent it in Phoenix and while driving around, found this place. Could this be, a ice cream pallor from our childhood? Looking around, there seemed to be very old decor with marble table tops and what looks like an old soda counter. There were stain glass lights above each booth, and black and white mosaic floor tiles. To top it off, a grandma and several of her young grand kids came in and took the booth behind us and as we eased dropped in, heard her telling the kids what this place was like when she came here after school. It seemed some of the booths and tables had been arranged differently but overall, she stated it was the same. Of course prices were a bit different. I got the "Old fashion black and white sunday", vanilla and chocolate ice cream with a layer of carmel, whip cream and a cherry on top. My husband got a Sunday and we both had water. The bill was $13! Seems a bit pricey for ice cream, I guess it was the nostalgia that cost us!
4	Growing up with this place brings back a lot of memories. The ice cream is incredible especially the sticky chewy chocolate that I have yet to get away from for the past 20 years.The place has not changed one bit, seriously. I think it can use an upgrade, even a change to the menus...they feel like they have 20 years of dirt on them.However I love this place and try to make it out there at least 1 a month.
3	It was a decent experience.  The kids and I had just finished 7 hours of rides at Castles N Coasters and were thirsty and starving.  We started driving north around the Metro Center Circle.  The first contender for dinner was Olive Garden.  I pulled in and saw the groups of people waiting to be seated with pagers.  We had no time to wait.  We kept driving and saw Swensen's.The place was almost empty.  I ordered the veggie burger and it was decent.  My girls shared the chicken strips and hated them.  They had big chunks of pepper in them and it was to spicy of a flavor for them.  When I told the waitress her response was that they are not spicy and everyone loves them.  I thought that odd and she never offered to remove them from the bill even though no one ate them.  I don't remember what my son ate- possibly a hamburger.  The highlight of the meal of course was the dessert.  The huge sundaes were DELICIOUS.  The bill was $38... one adult meal with drink, two kids meals, one premium sundae and one scoop sundae.  I think that is pricey.
1	Took my daughter for her third birthday.  Our server Aida got our entire order wrong. Then she refused to use the coupon we brought because she said that it couldn't be used and the coupon clearly didn't have any stipulations and wasn't expired.  To top it off we asked for the one scoop of ice cream for my daughter because it was her birthday.  The server again refused to give the one scoop of ice cream to my daughter because I couldn't show proof that it was really her birthday. I guess I'll have to start carrying my kids birth certificate if I want to get anything at this place.I spoke tosomeone I thought was at a higher level than this Aida and he let me know that this was an on going issue with this server.  Turns out that this Aida is the owner.  Good luck with your business sense!NEVER AGAIN will I go back to this restaurant.
5	When I first saw Swensens in Phoenix I had to stop by and get some quality ice cream.  I decided to order a Burger and Fries, for dessert I got a Vanilla Sundae and man was it good. Staff was friendly, good food and decor has that old Ice cream parlor look. Loved it. give it a 5 stars and hope it stays in my neighborhood for a long time.
2	I am sad to see how much this place has gone downhill. My wife and I have gone here for sandwiches, burgers and ice cream for the past 15 years and so when we wanted to grab a quick lunch after church today, we thought, lets stop in, get a bite and follow it with a quick sundae for us and the kids.One good thing is that sometime since we were last there, they've opened up the floor plan and the room seems bigger. They've also added a few flat screen televisions on the walls so I was able to to keep an eye on the D-Backs game.However, I noticed initially that the prices seemed higher and my wife realized that they had just put stickers on the menus to cover the old prices and list the new ones. In general, it appears all menu items have gone up around 40%, which is a pretty steep jump.As for the food, the kids had a hamburger and chicken fingers, which is hard to screw up. My wife had an El Dorado which is turkey, cheddar and bacon in the parmesan crusted bread. One of my favorites has always been the grilled cheeses sandwich which is several types of cheese on the parmesan crusted bread. I noticed today that you could order this with bacon and I thought, lets give it a try, so that is what I ordered. Unfortunately, when it came the only cheese seemed to be a slice of Velveeta with some bacon that was not even close to crispy. It was basically an overpriced croque monsieur which was not even close to what I ordered. Additionally, while service was not bad, it was just kind of lackadaisical. The servers wandered by every once in a while giving the perfunctory "how is everything" the first few times, and generally ignoring us after that. By the time we finished eating and after realizing that the classic parfaits were now $7.50 rather than the old $4.95 I was no longer even interested in ice cream. The kids had a scoop each, which I tasted and wasn't all that impressed, and then we headed out, likely not to return anytime soon.
4	I enjoyed my lunch here and I didn't even get around to the ice cream.  I ordered a cobb salad and a bowl of vegetable beef soup.  The vegetable beef soup was hearty and flavorful.  The ingredients in the cobb salad tasted fresh and the portion size was quite large.  They used some other type of cheese instead of the bleu cheese crumbles which was fine since I didn't even really notice.  Service was friendly and quick from start to finish.
4	Came here on Easter Sunday. I rate this place a 4 star. Wasnt blown away by the location, since its near the Metro Center mall.I give the food 4 stars also. I ordered the BBQ burger and it was pretty good, My wife had the grilled avacado chili turkey melt, which was okay. The bread was good, but the rest of it lacked good flavor and enough avacados.The ice cream is a 5 star rating. Its very tasty and very good quality.
2	the food here isn't very good. it hasn't been for quite a few years.the service the last time i went was just terrible. i think the kid was new, but it really wasn't and excuse since she had maybe one other table. we were in there for more than two hours on a random saturday afternoon. we only ordered three meals and one ice cream.we ordered the giant dessert, but asked for all the toppings on the side. i told the server i didn't eat chocolate. so she brought all the toppings on the side but mixed all the ice cream together in a huge dish. uh. three of the five were chocolate. i guess i need to spell that out more clearly next time.on the plus side, the entertainment book has a coupon? i wouldn't go here if i planned to pay full price.
4	My mother and I just stopped in to check it out.  Neither of us had eaten here.  I loved that the menu was small and the food was fabulous.  We of coarse had a milkshake which was awesome!  I was pleasantly surprised, even the waitress was as sweet as their milkshakes.  Very good experience
4	This place has been here forever and every few years I like to come in for dessert. I had the James Dean Sundae. Very good creamy ice cream and tasty Caramel. The waitress was pleasant and friendly enough. Didn't try any food as this really is a place for ice cream desserts with the feel of an old fashioned parlor. Beats Dairy Queen hands down for a few more $$$ and more relaxing than any of the chains like Cold Stone Creamery or B&R.
4	I have not eaten at a Swensen's in about 15 years and I was so excited to see it was still there. My husband had never eaten there so, I thought he should try it. I think the decor is the same as when I was last there except there are a few new giant holes in the booth seats. I decided to overlook that because they still had the Peanut Butter Cup ice cream on the menu and that is my absolute favorite ice cream ever. Most places have chocolate ice cream that they put peanut butter swirls into, but Swensen's has peanut butter ice cream with the chocolate swirled into it and for some reason that makes all the difference. They still offer that Classic Meal Deal for $9.99 that is a burger, fries, soda, and a small sundae and the Big Meal Deal  for $10.99 which you can get the same thing in the classic except the sundae is bigger. I really like that you can substitute chicken for the burger patty without an extra charge. Our waitress was very nice and attentive. The sundaes were super yummy.  We both left happy and satisfied I just wish they would fix up the furniture.
1	They are now out of business.
5	I was here last May and the ice cream is just as good as when I was 16 when I worked for Swensen's.  The staff was friendly and told us that the owner was opening up to 12 more locations even some in California.  When I got back home the paper had an article about the new Swensen's coming to California.  I have come here three years in a row and the service and food was always good.
