4	Stumbled upon this place as I was in the new Scottsdale Quarter and desperately needed a manicure.  Walked into the place and it was immaculate as it recently opened.  Service was friendly and speedy.  Nails looked great and walked out feeling like a million bucks.
4	With all of the competition in the area I decided to return to this place despite it being a bit more expensive.  It's new, comfortable, and clean  - especially important when the risk of um unsightly germs and potential infection can be reduced.Great service - friendly staff and most importantly left with a little pampering and the inside scoop on Vietnamese food in the Southeast Valley.
4	I was using a Groupon that was $21 for an express mani-pedi (normal price is $42 for this service). I wasn't expecting a full spa mani-pedi since it was called "express" but I sure didn't complain! I made an appointment and got in right away. The nail tech was great and the extra long leg massage was fabulous! Beautiful place that opened in mid-January. Definitely will be returning here.
4	Used a Groupon here, and it was a great experience! The express mani/pedi wasn't express at all - they took their time with me, and everything felt great!The woman who did my pedicure was fantastic. My toes and feet look wonderful!The woman who did my manicure was pretty good. The only issue is that she accidentally cut my thumb. When it bled a little, she just painted over it. It's now been a few days, and my thumb still hurts. Overall, it was a good experience though, and the staff was very friendly! I would return for sure.
4	I am the first to admit I rely on Yelp! 24/7 however never post... that is until I found Avalon Spa & Nails!Long story short, this is the BEST nail salon I have found in The Valley (I have tried all the high end salon's like Taglio, Etch, F8te etc). ***The MAJOR selling point - they use new files and buffers for EACH client! You watch them open them, use them and throw em away! YES!***Their pedicure area is AMAZING. It is in a spa like setting, with the BEST chairs you have ever seen... I am not kidding, they are the Rolls-Royce of pedicure chairs.  I honestly could sit in there all day! You can tell they invested the money needed to open a high-end salon and did it well! My tech Mari (I think?) was great - friendly, young and hip! She did a great job and (there is no great way to put this) knew perfect English. The only reason I didn't give Avalon 5-stars is the price of their services. I realize you pay for what you get, HOWEVER I paid $12 more than any other salon I have ever been too. I will go back and pay the $12 no problem, however their pricing is a bit high!!
4	Got the Living social Deal for an express pedicure (like 1100 other people) and made a few phone calls trying to get an appointment to no avail...so showed up one day and was worked into the schedule immediately. Not sure what about this pedicure was express--everything was really thorough and the technicians took their time and did a great job.The salon is in a great (but hard to find) location inside the new Scottsdale Quarter.  Clearly a lot of money has gone into the large shop, so I hope it succeeds!
5	My friend and I purchased the groupon for an express pedi.  This place is one of the nicest non-spa nail salons I've ever been too.  For how nice it is, the prices are reasonable as well.  I agree with one of the other reviewers.  The pedi chairs are the nicest chairs ever!  Staff is super friendly.  They have a good selection of polishes to choose from.  I was very happy with my pedi and will be returning in a few weeks to try a gel manicure.
5	Loved this place! My friend and I got the groupon deal for the express pedi but there was nothing express about it.  I had no problem making an appointment and the staff was very friendly and did a great job.  The non-groupon prices are totally reasonable which is surprising because my other spa experiences in Scottsdale have been quite pricey. The pedi chairs are wonderful and they are arranged around the perimeter of a large room so if you are ever looking to do a bridal shower or party, this would be an ideal place.
5	I absolutely love this place. I am super picky about how my nails are done and they are perfect. They are great on getting you and very friendly.
5	I have been looking for a nail salon since I move to AZ.  Well, today was my lucky day.  My technician was Trey who promised me I would love my nails when he was finished.  He was right:)  My nails look so natural that no one would ever know that they are not my own.  Thank you Trey-you have a new client forever.
4	I loved the atmosphere/ambiance! Very relaxing setting! Clean, and spacious facility. They did not rush anything which is the feeling I usually get at a nail salon. If I come back to Scottsdale I will be back for another manicure/pedicure at Avalon! : )
4	I was here last week and it was completely empty. Like so empty it seemed as if they were closed or something. I was the only customer from 1:30PM to 3:15PM.  They continually offered me tea or something else so that was nice. The guy was really personable and did a great job on my nails. The salon is very, very well decorated and comfortable--one of the best looking salons I've been to short of the resort day spas.The only downside was it was a little pricy and he talked in another language most of the time to his boss. To be expected, but it still annoys me because I think it's rude. I think it was around $60+tip for a french manicure and regular pedicure. So...PROS- great location and easy parking at Scottsdale Quarters- nice salon: posh pedicure chairsCONS- pricey- deadI may or may not be back. It's so nice that it's not really overpriced, but it's still a lot to spend. It definitely feels like a middle ground between the regular chain shops and Rolfs or a resort spa. The location is nice because it's a good place to get your nails done before or after lunch given the food places right in the Quarters and across the street. The guy said the salon is really struggling because of the location: very few people walk by that side of the Quarters (it's on the far north end kind of by Brio).I'm really bummed because I did a previous review about Polished Nail Spa on Shea but I don't go there anymore because 1.) they don't take credit cards and there isn't an ATM nearby and 2.) I hate their pedicure chairs. So I'll keep Avalon in my rotation of nail salons.
2	I deleted my original review on Yelp to repost. I had originally given this place 4 stars and it seems like I'm going to be the first person to bump it down. Thus I'm not sure if the poor quality of my gel manicure that is making me repost only happened to me. The gel manicure I got barely lasted 2 weeks and started peeling easily. I'm disappointed because this place is expensive and I feel like I didn't get my money's worth. Doesn't seem like any one else has had a bad experience but I'm not going to be back.
