1	Do NOT stay here.  This hotel was the worst experience I've had in a long time in a hotel.  Mold in the shower, a broken toilet lid, the place was filthy.  Both pillow cases looked like they hadn't been washed in weeks.  The sheet didn't fit the bed.  The place is not maintained well at all, and everything looks old and broken down.  For $149/night, I'd expect they could afford to have fitting sheets, clean and wash the place.  It was the low-light of our trip, and we were extremely disappointed.
1	This place is downright awful.  The only reason I'm giving it one star is due to location to Old Town and the staff were nice.  Otherwise it would get a negative score.  Pony up the extra dough and stay at the Marriott or Hilton... you'll thank me.
2	When I had arrived I got access card to a wrong room, after trying to get into my room on the 3rd floor when it was 115F - I went down again the lady gave me the correct card to the room, she admitted she made a mistake, I get inside it was so hot I turn the AC get into the shower, the AC is not working, I get down they send the handy man he did fix it but it took another half a hour until the room cooled off. The next day I need to check out at 12 noon time at 10am the maid tried to get into my room I told her I am not leaving yet, at 10:45 am another call from the front desk when I am leaving I told them I will extend my saying for 2 hours extra, I was told it will cost me $20.00 and I have to pay in cash. I got to down town got something to eat tried to get into my room the card is not working, I need to pay prior, OK, I had paid I tried to get into the room, the access card is not working again, I go down get another card, the front desk lady confused my room number. Finally at 2pm I check out, they will not allow you to leave your belonging in the lobby, nor there is a rest room there. The breakfast was OK; the lady who served was very friendly. The only good thing is the location (walking distance to down town- Scottsdale), breakfast and the pool!!!
