4	Having certain businesses with skill sets in your local neighborhood is important.  I try to keep it as local as possible, so when I heard about a tailor in Carnegie I was intrigued.  The building is in a strip mall across from Carnegie Coffee Company.  Unassuming, looks like it is closed all the time, until you do a drive by and see the hours posted.  There is a Latino man in his 20's working when you arrive.  In my mind, I imagine a tailor to be older, kind of like my grandfather maybe with measuring tape around his neck (Textbook movie tailor), so I was a bit trepidatious about dropping off my clothing.  He asks you to go change into a closet (Yes, a closet to change in with one lightbulb) BUT all my worries aside, the moment he started working on my items I knew he was the real deal. He learned from his father at the age of 14 how to sew. and he does things the correct way.  Meaning, for example-  I took in a pair of khakis all the way down to the cuff, but he seamed them up to look EXACTLY the way they were when I first bought them.  Most placed will have bulges and puckers.  The rest of my items were just as perfect.  Very inexpensive at $10 for a pair of pants to adjust the hem.  The items were done in a timely manner.  He takes his business very seriously.  While I was there, I watched a lady rush in and demand 6 shirts to be altered in an hour, and he did it and charged the same price.  Really nice guy, please go and support this business to keep him around town!
5	New to area and decided to pay this shop a visit! It was definitely the best experience I've ever had with a tailor. He is MUCH cheaper than the other shops, he charges 10 while others charge $15, and he goes above and beyond for what he charges.I dropped off 4 jeans, and he hemmed and tapered the jeans! I couldn't even tell the difference between the store bought jeans and the quality of his work. It was absolutely perfect, no bulges or puckers! They the match the exact stitch as the factory. Absolutely a great guy, they were all done and waiting for me as promised! I'll definitely be taking all of my business to this place, and would highly recommend to anyone who is looking for a personal tailor who actually cares about his work and building an honest business.
5	I needed alterations done to my suit very quickly. Like three days quickly. Not only did Filberto at Alteration World have it ready, the price was beyond reasonable and the work was EXCELLENT! I plan on bringing all my clothes to him from now on.Oh and he let me know that they also dry-clean. Wonderful shop!
5	This is the best alteration place I have been to. The guy that owns it is extremely helpful and works FAST. Also, the prices are so reasonable I wonder how he stays in business. He was able to do an alteration on short notice and was very acommodating. The alteration I needed done--and fast--was right in the middle of prom season. All the other places I called gave me a several week wait, but he took me right away. I will be back!
5	I just needed a broken zipper replaced on my favorite Penguins fleece jacket and a pair of suit pants hemmed.  The price was very reasonable and the work done was great.  I will go back for all my tailoring needs and highly recommend if you need any done.
