5	We were turned onto this place by my sista on a previous trip to Montreal.  We originally wanted to check out a more "authentic" Chinese resto but didn't feel like trekking from our hotel over to Chinatown so instead we hopped on Le Metro over to the Eaton Centre and strolled the underground over to Place Ville Marie.  Mr. Ma is in bldg 1 and can't be missed from the inside our out.  The restaurant is expansive but it is always quiet when we visit.  I would like to take away 1 star because they only have one highchair which was already in use, but the food is just too good.I stuck with what I know, General Tao and DW had the Spicy Orange Chicken.  Both meals were some of the best tasting, juiciest chicken we have ever had.  Mr. Ma is a little stingy on the sauce but super tasty none the less.  One meal could easily feed two people, in fact we had quite a bit of food left over which we enjoyed back at the hotel the next day.Most people complain that it is a little pricey.  This is some of the best Chinese food that I have had in North America so I'm certainly not going to complain about paying a few extra Canadian $$.  What else are you going to do with that pocket full of toonies? Stop being cheap and take your significant other out for some unforgettable Chinese food!
3	Overall: It's good but quite expensive!This is a chinese restaurant with a small menu with more traditionnal meal that are well done. It's more 3.5/5 because it's really well done, however, i don't understand why I should pay 21.95$ for a meal that's making lot of money if sold at 10$. I feel you're paying for the location and cleaniness of the restaurant. The service is quite fast and even though I was attending a Retirement party with a large group.It's quite good too; General Tao, instead of using cheap chicken part, you clearly felt it was chicken breast and even chicken filet which is good. But I wasn't that impress, the small menu and the concept let me quite unmove or I shall say, unattracted on the idea of chinese restaurant with small amount of choice. Even if small menu means more control over quality, I don't feel it was worth the price.heineken 9$21.95$ for General Tao (approx 6-7 ounces of general tao + dry rice) hmm kinda give me the chill!
4	The concierge in our hotel sent us here and it was so good we went a second time. It is accessable underground or from the street, and is an vast attractive space. The service was excellent, and friendly, and the food was delicious each time we visited. It is a bit pricy, but nice restaurants in Montreal are pricey. The food arrived piping hot, and the menu had so many choices it is hard to decide what to have. The portions are quite large. If you are looking for good Chinese food, this is the one to try.
5	Family took me to Mr. Ma's and it was exceptional. Really good chinese and very delicious. My family goes there a lot since they conduct business nearby so they frequent it all the time. Everything on the menu is delicious.
2	Quite disappointing. Went for a business lunch and got this watery fish that was bland tasting.  The service however was good and the appetizers weren't too bad.
