5	After a weekend of cleaning, I had some stuff to donate here at the Goodwill.  I had to get rid of a desk in my place, to make room for other stuff, and thought that donating it would be the best thing.This particular Goodwill is located in a shopping mall, and is easy to see from the road.  The donation area is located behind the shopping strip, and it states that so you dont actually have to get out of your car and walk inside.I drove around, and the donation area was quite efficient.  There was a line of cars (I was #4) and there was plenty of people waiting to help you unload your car of stuff.  I waited for my turn, and the nice man unloaded my stuff for me!Afterwords, I went and cruised the store.  They seem to have regular sales on stuff, and a garden variety of items for sale.   Mens and womens clothing, Lamps, household items, ETC.I gave them 5 stars becuase A) they serve the community to those who are less fortunate then us.  B) the donation area was efficient C) giving back is important.
3	I have always liked this Goodwill Store, just around the corner from my parents' house, and come in here every time I'm in town.  No matter what my current interests are I always find something I can use.  When I was here for 9 months in 2007 I shopped for things I needed for the house to get me by, and found lots of things that I sold on Ebay for fun and extra income.  I usually looked for items on sale or bought them when that color tag was half off or on the senior discount day.  Every trip back I make a sweep thru and buy a few things, clothes for my daughter, a shirt in my favorite brand, yarn to make baby hats, various craft supplies, even the occasional item to resell.  There's always something I can use for a price I can afford.I remember when years ago this storefront was a Bayless Market (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bayless_Markets) that my Mother shopped at.  In fact, I remember when this little center was first built, shortly after they moved to AZ in the 70's.  I heard a few months ago that this whole corner of businesses is destined to be razed for a Holocaust Memorial Museum, and while I think it is an honor for Chandler to have been chosen to house it, I will miss this store at this location, which I have come to for so many years.
4	Great location for finding better clothes. I have found East Mesa, South Gilbert, Chandler, and Northwest Scottsdale to have the best clothing at these Goodwills! I love 50% saturdays and service is usually pretty good! Just try to beat the crowd early on the 50% saturdays or go later in the day.
3	-Clean Goodwill store - well lit.-SLOW check-out...cashier was arguing with a customer with a HUGE pile of clothing...holding up the line, more impatient customers waiting to check-out, back-up was eventually called up (customer behind me told me that this is the norm at this location).-Store smells like cinnamon air freshener...also smells a bit like poop. With the combined aromas, it's safe to say that it smells like someone farted on a cinnamon roll.-Prices were higher than other Goodwill stores...in fact, I saw a lamp that was exactly a dollar more than the very same one at WAL-MART for new. (C'mon now...$9.99 was a small USED lamp???!!!)-A blank journal from the dollar bin at Michaels was priced $2.99!!! Who the heck are they training in the back to price stuff? It's not gold!-Broken furniture that was overpriced and should be discarded. I guess $39.99 for a broken side table is a good deal???-Convenient parking.
3	This goodwill is Alright, I have been to better. Their selection is okay, cleanliness is okay and organization is okay. All goodwill's prices are the same, as far as I know. The staff is helpful and I never have trouble finding somebody if I need help.
3	I visited the store in June.  It was like a sauna in there.  Quick, somebody donate some A/C.It is a typical Goodwill store.  It is what it is.  You may find a hidden gem or two.  Checkout is EXTREMELY slow.
4	Very clean store, I was pleasantly surprised to see that everything was nicely organized. The store smells clean unlike what you're probably used to. The aisles are nicely spaced so it gives you room to pass by without having to "wait" the other person out. I always see so many restoration projects in the furniture section when I go here. *50% off Saturdays*Sign up online for their emails, they send a 20% off coupon each month with $10 or more purchase.*Students like me get 25% off on Sundays with ID*Senior day is Tuesday with ID 25%*Every other day is 50% with special color tags except Thursday where special color tags are $1!I take a star off because it's not the most spectacular location and because it is always sweltering in there.
3	Your standard Goodwill, holding a selection of older appliances, electronics, housewares, as well as furniture. Need a turntable with missing needle? Ever wanted to try out one of those fad exercise machines that rock in unnatural ways? Or do you need a random bed sheet that is a print of all the islands of Hawaii? Well, look no further! There are also lots of racks of clothes here to browse through, ranging from casual to prom-dressy. I can never quite pinpoint what that "Goodwill" odor is when you are browsing through their stores. Is it the particular type of disinfectant they use?
4	50% off Saturdays today.  Cant beat the deals.  It smells funny here and be careful to not sit on an old couch.  If your looking for cheap this is your place.  Bought a few tennis rackets for $2.
4	I have noticed most Goodwills seem ton"specialize" in certain items. This particular store seems to regularly have good options in the clothing and big furniture areas. I have bought many nice dress shirts from this store, and they are often much nicer here than you get at other Goodwills. And they always have plenty of desks, shelves, and couches.The store is well lit and relatively spacious. You will occasionally get blocked from an aisle because of an elderly person or someone with an overloaded cart.Beware the 50% off Saturdays which happen every other week. These can be great times to find great deals, but the crowds can be really annoying. Check out times will slow to a crawl because people are buying lots of stuff. My advice for this is to go during the week and see if there is anything you want. Then go first thing when they open (9am) and pick it up right away. That way you don't waste time fighting crowds just to find there wasn't anything you wanted anyway.I live near this Goodwill so I pop in regularly, which you will need to do to find the best deals. I always manage to find something worth buying.
5	I love this goodwill! I love the home section, they always have really cute shabby chic stuff.
5	Found 2 pair of slacks (black and grey) as well as a brand new pair of dress shoes for $19.63.  That truly cannot be beat.  Never would have I thought I'd come upon such an amazing find.  I now have a new perspective about the Goodwill and I will most definitely be coming back!
4	Good store to go to.Every other Saturday is half off day and that's when I like to go.They always have good selection of dress shirts and pants too.I've been going lately to get their Tom Clancy books and they are in brand new condition.Is one of the nicest goodwills in the East Valley area.They have a good selection of backpacks/duffel bags as well in really good condition.
