5	Great staff, great service, solution oriented!Linda and her staff are extremely knowledgable on everything running! I went there looking to find a solution to my flat feet when I run, which has cause me plantar and knee pain in the past. They took the time to not only show me and explain to me everything that was going on with the way that I walk/run, but also got me the right inserts to correct the issue and recommend shoes that would work best for my foot. In the last month, since my visit, I have had nothing but the best runs! Highly recommended!
5	This place was awesome! I found out I had plantar fasciitis, which stinks since I have a 16 mile run to train for in November. Linda told me to come in and she'll take care of me. I was properly measured, asked a bunch of great questions and totally catered to. It was great. I got an awesome pair of new Nike running shoes that not only look really cool, but fit my feet perfectly. I also got an awesome set of running socks, inserts and a roller. They explained to me that I have tight calves, which can affect my feet the way it did. So, I got the roller to help break up the knots. I feel great and loved the experience. I'm not sure I'll ever just go to a Sports Authority again for sneakers. This was great!
5	Fleet Feet Sports in Scottsdale is a wonderful store!  The owner, manager and employees are extremely knowledgeable, friendly and will help you find the best running or hiking shoes, apparel and nutritional supplements.  They also have awesome programs for people new to running and for folks who like to run and hike in a group.  They meet Sunday mornings at 6am at the Gateway Trailhead in Scottsdale for a hike/trail run and have a Pub Run Thursday evenings at 6pm, which is really fun too.  Great people, products, prices and fun!!  I highly recommend Fleet Feet Sports in Scottsdale!Debbie Mason
5	Stopped by last weekend before a 75K at Pemberton.  I was coming from out of town and had forgotten my nutrition; Fleet Feet had the usual assortment - but handily all the stuff I was looking for (including my specific electrolyte brand).I glanced through the apparel and shoes - seemed like a decent selection, but I wasn't focused on that so can't speak too much to it.I will say that the staff was very helpful.  There were a few other folks in the store being helped, but the girls working went out of their way to make sure to see if I needed anything.Bottom line - good running store, great service.  I'll be back next time I'm in town.  Thanks for the help!
5	OK, first of all they don't have you run on a treadmill or try and sell you overpriced molded footbeds for your brand new shoes, but that's because this store is staffed by actual runners who can look at your walk and tell whether you pronate, supinate, or have a neutral gait. In fact they even noticed how tight my calves were and not only helped me roll them out, but also gave some suggestions for future techniques I could use to help keep them looser.Linda has put together a great store and brought on a great staff, some of whom worked for her before, in order to provide great customer service and to build a real sense of family for both employees and customers. Throughout the week they sponsor group runs and training groups including pub run and a trail run on Sunday mornings. Check the website for details, but know that no matter which one you attend you will meet a group of dedicated and fun people who like to run and also like to have a good time.Oh, and if you're a hockey fan feel free to talk to Linda. She's such a fan (and a player) its almost surprising the store doesn't also carry skates!All in all, Fleet Feet is an excellent addition to the line up of specialty running stores in the Valley.
