5	With all the houses being gobbled up by banks and big time buyers, I wasn't sure I would be able to get into a decent home with the money I had. Seeing all the homes going well over market value I was sure I was going to be displeased with the what I got for price I paid. I went with Deven Chase Carlock Majestic Properties, w/  just a few tries of going out and looking at houses. We found a beautiful brand new home with all the bells and whistles, all under the price I was looking for. Hearing and seeing everyone struggling to get into a home, I'm pleased and happy to say I went with Deven Chase Carlock Majestic Properties..To end up with exactly what I was looking for.
5	Deven Chase Carlock did an amazing job showing me rental properties on my recent trip to Las Vegas. Finding a place to live can be very overwhelming, but with the help of Deven I got to sit back and relax while he did all the work for me. He was very professional and I will be sure to use him in the future when I look to buy a home.
5	After my first year in Vegas, I was met with the daunting task of finding another condo to rent. I had never worked with a realtor before, and wasn't so sure if it'd be any more effective than hunting for a place on my own. To make a long story short, I am SO glad I worked with Deven Chase at Majestic Properties. In just a couple days, he helped me find a perfect condo that matched all of my strict criteria. Deven definitely goes out of his way to make sure his clients are happy. His knowledgable professionalism is unmatched, and he is generously resourceful when it comes to getting what you need and want out of a future home. I will certainly be calling on Deven Chase once again when I'm ready to purchase a house.
5	Deven did a great job.  He was extremely attentive to my needs and kept me informed with the listing for the building that I was interested in.  When we closed, he helped me look at the options for the management of my new property.  Very responsive.
5	I came across this realtor deven chase. He is amazing person and realtor. Very helpful amazing personality and cares about his clients. I enjoy talking to him and will continue doing deals with him.  Thanks brotha for all your help.
1	I can only speak about realtor Justin Goodman. He couldn't care less about a buyer. He makes you do all the leg work and then takes credit for it. He is quite impersonal and unprofessional. We had arranged to see a house with him and when we show up he has his toddler age son with him. His son was running around the house and causing a ruckus. I understand kids will do this but this sort of activity is inappropriate for the situation. He would only suggest houses that he had listed. Trying to get the whole commission I presume. We went elsewhere and our new agent found exactly what we were looking for. Good riddance Justin Goodman and majestic prop.
