4	Let me start out my review of "Wienerschnitzel" by saying I resent the fact that they dropped "Der" from the front of the name! In my heart it will always be Der Wienerschnitzel! That being said, I have always been a fan of this little hot dog joint. The location I frequent is on Rainbow near Oakey. The store is always clean and the service inside and at the drive thru is always prompt and friendly. The buns and dogs are good but they are basically of the store bought variety, so it must be the chili. The chili is a straight forward beef laden red with a thickish texture that keeps it from running off of the dog. It has a very distinct flavor that is unmistakably Der Wienerschnitzel. My favorite item is the chili cheese dog which have a slice of melted cheddar on them. The fries are actually very good as fast food fries go. They are thin cut and cooked perfectly crisp which makes them great for sopping up the leftovers on your "chili paper" (the name my kids gave to the chili remaining on the hot dog wrapper after the dog has been consumed). I can't imagine anyone out there that has tried Der once in their lives, but if by chance you haven't, you should give them a try.
4	I love this spot!! Been there forever, but it's still clean and up to date!! Flat Screen TV even!!! No place nearby w/acceptable Hotdogs/Corn dogs for miles. Glad this one is right down the street :) Those Tastee Freeze's are amazing as well!!! Gotta try one if you haven't!!! Staff is pretty friendly as well. I've had a good experience each time there this week...
3	3 1/2 stars!This location is always consistently good in every way. My boyfriend and I go here when we want our chili dog and corn dog fix taken care of!It is close to our house and not a place we eat at a whole lot so when we do it is always super good!Staff is friendly, the store is clean and the food is fresh and tasty. I just wish I could make corn dogs at home the way they do!Their wieners and buns are really good and the chili is a perfect topping along with the cheese!This is our go to spot to enjoy a good wiener!We order the 50\50 pack 5 chili dogs and 5 turkey corn dogs!
4	Solid location. Been there for decades.
4	First time eating at a Weinerschnitzel and I'm glad I did!  I had the chili burger and chili cheese dog combo, and it was fresh and tasty.  The service was also fast and friendly.  I went through the drive thru so I can't comment on the inside of the business.
2	My hopes weren't too high- it's a hot dog chain, they have good prices, and I was in a frankfurter mood. Hit up the drive thru and service was quick but a bit brusque. Received my 2 mustard dogs for $2, and went on my way. As I unwrapped my first dog, it rolled out of the wrapper and splattered mustard all over my work outfit. I wasn't trying to juggle the darn thing, I wasn't multitasking, it was a disaster. Even the second one, which I was more careful with, was a gigantic mess- mustard everywhere. I don't understand what the staff is doing with the wrappers if the mustard is getting all over the place.Also, even for $1, my expectations were a little better- when you specialize in a niche product, it should be better than what I can get for the same price at a gas station. It's not. The junkyard dog will still be my go-to, but I'll be hitting up another location to get my fix... somewhere that won't require me to do my laundry after getting a simple snack.
4	This is my go to place when I crave semi good cheap junk food.  They have specials through out the week I do enjoy their sundaes its similar to McDonald's chili cheese fries are not bad and the chili cheese burger is pretty decent.  So if you're craving your once in a while junk food lol check out.  Xoxo. Your fellow yelpie
5	OMG I have never had this before and boy was I missing out!! The customer service was great, they were so polite to my boyfriend and I and even hooked me up! I ordered the mini corndog kids meal and they let me sub the desert pear drink for the fountain drink and curly fries for the reg fries (cause they hooked me up!) and it was the best corndogs I ever had! So impressed with this fast food! My BF got the junkyard dogs and they were super filling and good, I had a taste of the chili and it was great too! Will defiantly go back...Best thing about this place...the desert pear lemonade drink. I am always looking for non carbonated, water substitutes when I'm out, because water and lemonade get really old when that is all you drink. This was sooo good, so so so so good! I am so impressed!And side note they have an A rating from the Health district.And another thing! I always order kids meals, because of the small portions (I don't eat much), but the toys are an added bonus. In recent years all toys suck from kids meals...until today! It was awesome! It's a nerf rocket!! Love it!
