3	DISCLAIMER GLENDALE ADD IS NOT CORRECT** i sent a req to Yelp to fix it so until it changes over to 2050 W. GUADALUPE RDMESA, AZ 85202just ignore the Glendale add**on to the review... they dont open till Noon on Sundays and not till1pm on weekdays i believe..which i think is a little late, they could probably get more of a crowd if they opened a little bit earlier buuttt i dont own the place so wth am I ?? Outside it can be deceiving but inside it is a very large restaurant. They have two dining areas, a bar area, and dance floors as well. Speakers all over the place also. Apparently on Fridays 10-4am it is going to be a little club atmosphere with food ?? They have brunch on Sundays with complimentary mimosas( we were the only ones in the whole place till we left so we finished damn near a whole pitcher ... don't judge us :) we ordered fried okra, mac n cheese, rice n beans a breast and waffle dish and a 3 piece thigh and waffle dish. The okra was great, the beans and rice were pretty blah and sadly the mac n cheese was just mediocre.(i am a mac n cheese whore so i think i have a hand up in that category and it just did not tantalize my taste buds). Lover got the thighs and he liked my breast more (i totally could take that sentence to a different topic but im staying on food). The waffles were pretty good.  Now i am a girl who loves Roscoe's as well as LoLo's and i might have to give Julie's another chance to see if really match up. Julies is much closer to my house and would love to have a place like this that i loved but im not in love just yet. You know if i ever fell if i change my 3 star rating.
2	Dining out is about more than just the food! Took a 20 min. drive to try this restaurant because I had a coupon, and wanted to see what chicken and waffles was all about. We went early Sunday, about 5pm and were the only patrons in the place. There are two doors to enter-the first gets you into a vestibule which, sadly, set the tone for our experience. There was some construction related materials (bucket and cords) just laying there! Really! Why would you leave those there? We were taken to a window seat with a view of the parking lot in one direction and behind us a hallway to the kitchen with a trash can and a vacuum cleaner sitting there in full view. Wall, table and room decor is non-existent. Do they just not see what their customers are seeing?We ordered the chicken breast and waffle and enjoyed both. The chicken was nicely seasoned, nice and crisp on the outside and moist on the inside, not at all greasy, and was a good sized portion. The waffle was good too. Our side of greens was okay-not much flavor and floating in a lot of water.The service was very attentive, and our server showed us around the rest of the restaurant where they have a bar and showroom-they bring in comedians, musicians and a DJ on selected nights. It looks to have a great layout for shows.When I have guests in my home for dinner, the very least I do is clean up! Julie's ought top do the same, and while they are at it, add a little decor to make the experience more inviting.
