3	The good:CleanFree wi-fiEfficient checkinLarge, separated rooms (suites, plus mine was a handicapped room)ConvenientPet-friendlyVery dedicated and friendly night security guyThe bad:Price ($85)Not much on same road as hotel (or main road for that matter)Poor water pressure (resulting in poor quality shower)Only two towelsSeemed like it could be unsafe in the parking lot overnight (park under a light at the front door)Breakfast offering was very weak, waffles and cold cereal onlyI've stayed here twice in the past 6 months, both times I was in late (checkin around 10:30) and in both cases I was greeted by the night security.  He's very friendly and helpful.  It helped that we had OH plates as he's from Dayton.  The first time I had a broken foot.  The security guy helped us to the room with our stuff.  He remembered us the second time.Overall, this is good pet-friendly option as they put you in rooms that are not like many other pet-friendly hotels (the old-smoker room, with an ample supply of fleas and other assorted bugs).  It is convenient to I-77 but only when traveling south, as a morning departure north would give you the Charlotte rush hour headache.If traveling on business, I'd avoid this place because the breakfast is so weak.  The wi-fi would make it tempting though.
1	One star... Easy! Here is why:The toilet wouldn't seal after flushing, so every time I used it, I had to open the top and push down the seal by hand to get the toilet to stop.The shower head had 4 settings, but only 1 worked, and even it was between settings so it wasn't uniform.The heater / AC unit had no nobs and was stuck on high heat, I ended up having to unplug it because it got so hot.The TV remote died, so I had to call the front desk and switch remotes.My neighbors were very loud, and I ended up not falling asleep till about 1:30 a.m. because of it.The bed side lamp was deadThe wallpaper was pealing in the shower.The gym was garbage... And finally, the electronic key s*** the bed to the outside door, so I had to walk the whole way around the building in the pouring rain to get back into the place one morning after a smoke.Will never stay here again, and I would not suggest anyone staying here... P.S. - if a manager is reading this, it's room 111... Might wana look into those problems.
