4	I like this Nordstrom but often find myself looking instead of buying here.  They occasionally have good sales on men's shirts.  They have an extensive suit collection that will hurt your wallet.  They have very nice shoes but I tend to like Neiman Marcus' better, i.e., no Gucci, no Tod's, no Prada (although Gucci & Prada can make some really butt-ugly shoes themselves).  They both carry Ferragamo.  The Santoni's are nice with ultra soft leather if you can find an attractive pair.   The Bruno Magli's are super soft as well, but I just can't get past that OJ thing.  I do not like Allen Edmonds or Johnston & Murphy.  Their leather is hard as a rock.  Needless to say I am a shoe fanatic simply because a lot of men wear a really nice suit with these God-awful ugly shoes that ruins the whole effect.  Go buy some nice shoes.  It doesn't matter what you wear.  If the shoes are bad, you look like crap.I cannot comment on the women's clothes.  I do not wear them.  :)
4	Now 5 stars specifically for Blair at the Bobbi Brown counter - because she was just AWESOME!  Super nice to both me and my friend and totally helped us out.  Granted, she ended up making a huge sale, since my friend was specifically there to get some makeup from Bobbi Brown, but that's besides the point.  Because we could have easily walked away if she got ugly.  We didn't really peruse the rest of the store though, sorry.  This is why I'm giving it a 4 instead of a 5, since the 5 would really only be for Blair, and not really for the whole store.
4	I'm from California and I was so happy to see that South Park had a Nordies!! I always catch their sales and find the cutest shoes there!!  Mostly, I go for the makeup counters!! :)  I always go to MAC, of course, but today I stopped by Bobbi Brown.  I had to kill the rest of a giftcard (b/c it was burning a whole in my wallet) and I wanted to purchase some new makeup.  And that's when I met Blair...I don't know her last name but she was PHENOMENAL!! All the folks at the Nordies makeup counters are always super friendly and never too invasive, but Blair was excellent!!  She helped me remember what Bobbi cosmetics I had tried at another store and she was very helpful teaching me how to apply everything! She even gave me, and my friend, samples of some other products to try!!  Please visit Nordies! the best time to shop is during their sales, but every now and then, they have makeup events where certain brands (like MAC or Bobbi Brown) send their artists in to help teach you how to use the products and whatnot (if you are into makeup)!!  I also enjoy the pianists they have who play while you're shopping!!
5	First, I want to thank Ryan in the shoe department for being terrific. I bought a new pair of $115.00 Nike's for tennis (I have never spent that much on shoes EVER) and his service was very satisfactory. I had to wait a while to be rung up but it was good service anyway. I got a letter in the mail 3 days later (handwritten on Nordstrom's paper) from Ryan thanking  me for my business! Never had that happen before. Makes me not hate mall department stores as much as I used to. Second, the clothing section at Nordstrom's is really nice and has a huge selection. Awesome store! So thanks Ryan, and thanks Nordstroms. (:
5	The cafe upstairs (on the Belk side of the store) has great food (and drinks).The customer service is terrific; I wanted to buy a pair of shoes on sale but my size was out of stock, a pair at home appeared via UPS, with no shipping cost,  just a few days later.The clothes are great and pretty stylish.You'll be well-dressed, well-fed and made to feel good when you shop here.  Unlike Neiman Marcus, you don't have to jump through hoops and be treated as if the store is doing you a favor to let you shop there.
5	Nordstrom is high end yet within reach. Though it comes across as ritzy, there are plenty of sales and affordable items. The shoe department always has a great selection.The upstairs cafe and downstairs e-bar always have great food!
3	I spend a lot of time, and subsequently a lot of money are the Nordstrom stores throught the US. This location, however, disappoints me. The men's selection is small and limited. They offer a full compliment of suits and high-quality button up shirts along side their ties, but not so much casual wear. I was hoping to find some new outerwear, but there wasn't much selection. I'll be sure to check back as winter sets in, but you can't beat their online website.
4	I am rarely a department store shopper by any stretch of the imagination, and now that I mention it, I am not much of a shopper of any kind.  It has also been years since I have been to a Nordstrom.  Probably since I lived in Seattle and their logo was the one of the all lowercase, computerized font.  I think they dropped that in the early nineties (though I actually left Seattle long before that happened).  So it has been a while.Regardless, this Nordstrom is actually quite nice.  Even the logo.The staff is friendly and helpful, and even if you do not have your receipt, they are more than happy to take your return and make sure that you get something you like in exchange - generally at a slightly higher price, of course.
5	Ah, Nordstrom, both the light and the bane of my existence. You take all my money and leave me with fashionable clothes, shoes, accessories and cosmetics. This is my favorite department store in all of the land.Merchandise is quality and can be pricey, but the Nordstrom semi-annual and anniversary sales are paramount, people. With everything from designer jeans to athletic gear on deep discount, these are most definitely the times to go. Service is some of the best in the retail industry and their return policy is second to none. Me likey. This particular Nordstrom is well-placed in the high end wing of SouthPark mall. Parking is typically a snap - entering off of Fairview is my preferred parking deck and walk yourself right in to the second floor. One last little nugget of info for all you shoppers out there: if you see something online that you cannot purchase in store, order it FROM the store - shipping is free. Yes. Free. Walk yourself up to a retail counter and ask one of the nice ladies or gentlemen to place an online order for you. Done and done. I've even called this in before...save money on quality mech. Thanks, Nordies!
5	Can I get Trina Turk online for cheaper?  Can I get Bobbi Brown online, tax free? Can I scour eBay and buy 2 pairs of slightly used Jimmy Choos for the price of one at Nordie's?  ABSOLUTELY.  But when I do shop retail, this is my poison of choice. Nordstrom's philosophy is to provide great customer service.  I should say it's OUSTANDING, either at the retail store, or RACK location. TIP: Make friends with your sales associate if you click with him/her.  It's INVALUABLE.  When you get a good one, he or she will cater to your every need and give you the heads up on upcoming sales.  For example, at the Nordstrom in Kansas, my SA not only called me when a jacket or pair of jeans I had been eying was about to go on sale-- she would private shop with me, and pull items in my size she thought I'd like so the shopping experience would take less time, and be more efficient. Here at Southpark, one of the SA's, Kesh even TEXT MESSAGES me handbags she thinks I'd like, and gave me the heads up weeks in advance of what would be on sale.  If you're trying on anything, the SA's are great about attending to you, calling in a tailor if alterations are necessary...you feel like a million bucks, even if you're buying a $25 t-shirt. I never feel pressured to buy anything (although there is a woman in lingerie who needs to work on the finesse...and a young man in the BP shoes department who blatantly targeted me in the designer handbags section where he knew nothing about the designer, to try and sell me a $1k bag. Not classy, but I'll chalk it up to inexperience and arrogance.) so there's rarely any buyer's remorse. The return policy is also beyond anything I've ever experienced.  I once bought a white belt I thought would go with a blue dress, and when I got home, it didn't go well at all.  One YEAR later, I felt guilty, and didn't want to seem like I was abusing the policy, but I was able to return the belt, no questions asked.  There is a book called Retail Hell, a first-hand account of being a SA at Nordstrom, where people would try and return handbags that were clearly scuffed and used... and one woman had an open tampon inside the bag...and still was able to return it!  This I do NOT approve of, and wish the return policy wouldn't be abused like this. Oh, and charge sends.  If you don't see something in store you've seen online, the SA's will search the entire Nordie's national network and locate the item for you and have it shipped right to your door.  This is beyond helpful and has saved me multiple times. TIP:  When you shop the annual Anniversary sale, where fall styles go on sale before they're in season, either go EARLY on a weekday, or shop late in the day.  Ladies are like predators during this time, and will shop frantically for these deals.  Don't be alarmed.  If the size you want isn't there, get it charge sent.  TIP 2: If you shop here a lot...getting a Nordstrom debit is a great value.  (I hate store credit cards, since it's another bill to worry about.  With debit, it just comes out of your bank account like a regular debit card.)  You'll get points for every purchase, and Nordstrom Note GC's every so often...plus if you reach a certain level, free alterations (whoo hoo!) and beauty bonuses.  (In the past 6 months I've gotten cards sent to me for free 3 piece mini mascaras, and 3 lipglosses from big beauty brands.) OK, I'm going to stop yammering now...but just in case my review didn't get my point across clearlyl...I love me some Nordstrom!
4	How can I say no to Nordstrom? I can't. They (thanks god!) carry Marc Jacob Bags, eeek!! soo happy!!  their service is 99% really nice, but sometime there these young girsl who are really mean (scary). But overall they are soo awesome! Love their clothes selection too!! and the price isn't that bad ( in my opinion, since i have a pretty decent job) soo xox Nordstrom! :)
2	I've wandered the isles of Nordstrom many a time and besides the shoe selection - it's eh. If I want some shoes, I'm going straight here. But if I'm looking for a cute dress or blouse, I'll go here dead last. Of the many, many times I've been to Nordstrom I have never once been helped, which has ultimately stopped me from buying anything time after time. I've found a few items I've considered and then realized I don't love them, I just want to buy them because I can't figure out why I've never bought anything here (except shoes) when this is my type of place. On my last trip I realized, I've never bought anything at Nordstrom because of the lack of service. I wander around hopelessly looking for something very specific, and wanting to drop some serious cash, and not a single sales shark even sniffs in my direction. Immediately, I'm turned off. I'll go to Marshall's where I expect bad service and the things I would have bought at Nordstrom are half price.
5	Nordstroms offers such an elevated shopping experience that it's a wonder we even bother with the other department stores in South Park Mall.  Regardless of what you're looking, they have exactly what you need for that specific event.  The salespeople are super helpful and have a great eye for finding your style.  And despite the high-level offerings, it's not as outlandishly expensive as your Needless Markup comparison; they also offer semi-annual sales, and their website offers great markdowns.  But the thing I absolutely love the most is their return policy.  Order online and return to the store, return something far past other stores' 90 day cutoff, whatever, and they'll take it back, no questions asked.  How far does that go?  I just returned a pair of shoes that I bought 4 years ago and had never worn - 5 minutes later, I had my return receipt and the dollars were credited to my card.  I can't think of another store that offers that level of customer service.  Thank you for going above and beyond, Nordstroms!
4	Customer service!  Someone still has it this day in age!  After waiting for several minutes for someone to help me over at Dillard's, I simply gave up, walked into Nordstrom, and purchased the same pair of shoes in no time flat!  To the employee who helped me:  Hats off to you good sir!
4	Nordstrom started as a shoe store I'm told so that department was bangin. I bought some $315 AGL Italian shoes for my daughter and also looked at some boots that were on sale from $615 down to $399. The shoes will be more practical, but I'm not sure my daughter is sold on the idea of paying $315 for one pair of shoes that I bought for her.  The good thing about Nordstrom is that she now has $315 of credit with the store if she ever finds time to shop their sales then she can get several pair of good shoes for the one pair of shoes.  Nordstrom does not have a time limit on their return policy! Nordstrom is great about hiring minorities snd so I was able to be waited on by a very professional and hispanic male who explained what to look for when buying shoes.  I applaud Nordstrom's on hiring people that we can all relate to.
4	I love shopping! And this store makes it a lot more fun! They have a huge variety of items and some of the most helpful and friendly associates I've ever been around. It's like they pride themselves on having superior customer service. No matter the department, everyone is willing to help you find whatever you need.Great shopping experience! I will be back!
4	Rarely do I visit this store but I find time when they're having a great sale.  I do however love shopping for shoes on their website and I've had nothing but great experiences in store and online, they are all about personal one on one service and very serious about pleasing their customers.
3	:o) Great shoe selection. Covered parking. Clean.;o(  Overpriced clothing. Erratic service.
2	**upset**I miss my Nordstrom at Tyson's and Houston Galleria.Service - let us start off with the lack of customer service here in the shoes and jewelry department! How could you just give me a once look over and greet the person behind me? Well, thank you Charlotte's Nordstrom. I will stick with Neiman's.
4	I could spend all day in Nordstrom! I usually buy cosmetics from Laura Mercier and Chanel at this location. They have really great employees who are very helpful and attentive. They also leave you alone while you browse, which I like. The parking garage underneath the mall makes for  easy access if it's rainy or snowy outside.
4	For all things luxury, Nordstrom's is the place to shop!I was looking for a kate spade iPhone case & saw online that Nordstrom's was having a huge "fashion brands anniversary sale." And thankfully everything was marked off to like 50% off.Nordstrom's is gorgeous inside, neatly organized & clean.  Salespeople are extremely friendly & not pushy. I really like that!Naturally, regular prices here are expensive, but if you have "that kind of money", then by all means, spend away! Like every other major retailer, they have sales quite frequently, so maybe that item you're spying will go on sale soon enough.
4	I have been on the hunt for knee high black riding boots since August.  I have bought and returned 2 pairs already and was checking out the Nordstrom website when I decided to just head to the store during my lunch break.  I have to say the customer service was really excellent!  I was helped by Shane and we talked for a few minutes about what I was looking for and once he got an idea for the style I wanted he went in search of all the boots he could find in my size.He came back with a good mix of high and low priced boots and I didn't feel like he was going to pressure me to go for a more expensive pair.  He sat there and took out each pair and put them back in the box when I was done, made polite small talk.  Such a contrast from when I went to another department store and they basically threw the box at me and ran away!  I found a great pair of boots and I am very happy with the experience.  I think overall I always am when I got to Nordstrom, its just not my everyday shopping destination, its usually more for shoes, bags that type of thing.
4	Have been a customer for more than 30 years, so am certainly a fan.  During my business career at one point I had 62 Nordstrom Classic shirts in my closet.In South Park their Men's Department has some outstanding employees.  Laurenzo S. is a good example of someone who wants you to get what you need and be happy for his assistance.  Unfortunately, he told us that he was leaving to join Delta Airlines.  A loss, but surely he will be replaced by someone of equal or better quality.Though not large, the men's department is complete.  Dress shirt selections include the many different cuts, from classic and traditional to slim, along with nice ties, cuff links and other accessories.I buy my underwear and socks there, along with Nordstrom casual and dress slacks.  Quality is great and if you don't like anything you purchase, returns are accepted and replaced or refunded without problem.
5	I was here to return a dress I ordered online.  I ordered a size too small... Tear. The dress was too tight... One to many pieces of pizza and I needed a size bigger! I went in to the topshop section and the girl at the counter, Lindsay, was awesome! She called around to other stores and found my size. They are shipping the larger (bummer) size straight to my house! Super easy and painless! Thanks Lindsay! I love Nordstrom!
2	Worst customer service at the jewelry/watch counter I've ever experienced. Girl was absolutely no help. She wanted to direct me to a kiosk in the mall to fix my MK watch. But she didn't even know the name or where the this kiosk was located. I bought my watch from this store specifically because I was told their customer service was superior when it came to their merchandise and so I would not have to get anything repaired or replaced  at a rinky-dink  kiosk in the mall. I will not be returning.
