5	Pretty much the nicest place in Charlotte for high end leather goods, in my opinion far surpassing stores/brands like Louis Vuitton and Burberry. The store itself is at South Park Mall with a door to the store (Kept closed throughout the day). The people working there are always very very very familiar with the product lines and can answer almost any question about the brand.Hermes as a brand I consider to be absolute top notch as far as leather quality, stitching, craftsmanship, and elegance. Any item Hermes sells will always be absolutely superb. Of course thats what you would expect for the price. Expect to pay around $500+ for small leather goods such as men's wallets and such, and $1,500 - $5,000+ for purses and bags.
5	Six Yelp Stars *** ***Leather and Silk!Beautiful on the outside Gorgeous on the inside!!!  Pictures and words cannot describe how fantastic this place looks!  The Staff is always Pleasant and Helpful - Extremely Knowledgeable - True Professionals!  They treat my smallest purchase (which is every purchase) with great care!  I have only bought two Neckties and Fragrances here and all of them gifts for other people and will be glad to purchase some for my New Girlfriend (9-4-2012).
5	wow....this was a fantastic experience
5	I usually stick to more affordable clothiers for my leather and silk goods such as Burberry and Gucci, but on occasion I like to class it up a bit and spring for the good stuff. That's when I head to Hermes.the staff is extremely helpful and knows about everything you'd like to ask about the products even if it is just a small purchase. The quality of everything is straight through the roof, stopping by here to get a scarf for my mum on Mother's day and looking at the thread work it must have truly taken a significant amount of time and care to make one and this holds true for everything else in the store as well.I look forward to the day when I decide to upgrade from my current wallet to one here. They are always so polite to me here!
5	This is a beautiful store filled with excellent quality merchandise. The helpful, courteous staff, treat customers respectfully, or at least - they treated me very well. Service here is better than one would receive in any high end store such as Louis Vuitton, Tiffany's, or Neiman-Marcus.I like Hermes Jumbo Eau d'Orange Verte Soap.I also probably own forty Hermes neck ties, which are wearable works of art.
1	I came in on a Saturday to look for a scarf for my mother in law. I was with a friend, and we were chatting and I said (to my friend) that it would be nice to get some pictures and coordinate the purchase with my wife who was in NYC at the time. A store associate overheard me say that and without even offering help or greeting us mentioned that we could not take pictures of the store merchandise.No "welcome to the store", no "how can I help you find anything?", none of that! I understand this may be your policy that nobody can take pictures of the merchandise, but what I am offended by is the manner in which he told me that, without offering any alternatives (maybe give me the style numbers so that my wife could look at the merchandise online, as one of the options). So rude and inconsiderate! I am so offended, that I refuse to go back to the store. You have lost a customer for life.
5	Hands down one of the best experiences I've had shopping anywhere. I spent a couple hours at Southpark on the day I went in to Hermes to buy a tie. I wearing a grey tshirt, jean shorts and no make up. Many store employees did not even move to greet me in other stores but then I met Herb. As soon as I walked in, I was acknowledged, not just treated like a tire kicker as we say up north. After a couple minutes over by the ties together, I picked one out, had it wrapped and was on my way. Every retailer wants their employees to make connections with customers. I've worked in retail for many years and it's hard to make someone feel like an instant friend. Often times, it's very forced or empty. Not this time, not with Herb! If you've ever had a bad time at Hermes, you've been dealing with the wrong associates.
