5	I have been taking my long-haired 28 lb cat, Valentino here for 10+ yrs to be bathed, shaved and nails cut.  I can honestly say, without asking my cat personally AND ACTUALLY having HIM ANSWER (LOL), that there he has never had a bad experience there.  I always specify, groom close but not too, lion's mane and puffed tail cut, and please since he wants to be in close proximity to me, send him home hygienically cleaned coz he's a little lazy in that dept.  They are thorough, gentle and try to segregate the cats from the little poodle dogs who are in their for their weekly up do.  They also trim the cat's claws so there's less damage to your furniture for a good 3 mos when they come home.  Note:  Get your cat in early to decrease the trauma and they will promptly call you when it's ready.  My cat actually acts HAPPY and seems in a better mood when he knows he smells beautiful and is relieved of his long hair.  They're on the west end of town buffalo and wescliff, in a budget strip center and reasonably priced.  They may or may not ask for shot records for your feline, depending on whether you're a new client or whether you're asking them to shave your tazmanian devil.  my cat is very mellow, and the cat-trained staff of 2 know his disposition and are very good with cats (i've walked in and secretly watched their interaction).  If your cat is having to endure the heat of vegas and you're sick and tired of enduring the hair, i would highly recommend Man's best friend (wch can also be a cat in my book)!
4	Today was my first time in this groomers. I didn't need to get my pug, Sissy groomed, but she did need her anal glands squeezed. I came in and I checked with the lady behind he counter what the lprice was.  It was only $5!  I ran home and picked up Sissy. Only 2 minutes away from my houseI took her in, she was done in a couple minutes and they even cut her dew claws for me. Everyone there was wonderful and helpful.  I will be back every month to have them done here. Sissy is so happy now!
5	I brought my mom's Shihtzu here the other day. He was very matted and generally too furry and too dirty. They cleaned him up really well. Fur that felt like an overused Brillo pad feels as smooth and soft as a Lamborghini owner's car washing mitt. My mom loves this dog so I needed a good job done and they surely delivered. They got all the mats out of his ears without shaving him and kept a great looking Shihtzu face that really showcases his monstrous overbite. Lastly I got there before he was done and could tell they were having a lot of trouble trimming his face. I actually saw them use four different groomers. When I picked him up they told me he was a great dog that was just misunderstood. I figured they would tell me to never bring him back. Overall a first rate experience!!
5	The doggies were a little nervous but the two ladies who helped us made them feel comfortable. One lady came from the back and just picked Frankie up and another lady started clipping. Same with Uggy. I think the credit card transaction took longer than the nail clipping!! My husband appreciated the way the place does business. 10 min, $5 a dog, nails clipped. Thanx for a great experience.
1	Would not recommend. Staff is nice but dogs are put in wire cages stacked on top of each other and wait for more than 4 hours. Dryer systems are put on cages that blow air (not sure if hot or cold) into cage making dog miserable. Place was dirty and smelly. Couldn't see what groomers did in the back wash area so didnt trust what was going on or if it was clean.
5	My poodle gets so excited when she goes for grooming.  I don't even have to lead her in.  I open the car door and she runs in.  They are very patient and caring with Bella and she always looks great every time I pick her up.  I've been with them for several years now and would not go any where else....nor would my poodle.
5	My dogs love this place. And most importantly, i love the service and care they give my three min pins!!
5	I have never taken my baby to the groomer,  but I lack the time I need to groom him anymore.   My dog was happy to go to the groomer and came out looking cuter than ever.   The woman who groomed him told me he was a good boy even if he was a little wiggly.  Since he's never been to a groomer I wasn't sure how to describe what kind of cut I wanted,  but the person who checked me in was wonderful and talked me through everything and said she'd make sure they took good notes about how they cut cut him so we can easily adjust it next time. I'm thrilled with the cut and I think he's adorable.
5	Great with the dog!!! It will be interesting to see the new shop a few doors down when done!
5	So nice and sweet!! Finally I found a place that loves dogs and really care about my dog! My dog had some mats and they didnt charge extra for trimming they were more concerned about hurting him when untangling his fur and thats so awesome! My maltese is so clean and fluffy the best job ever! I'm very happy and so is polarbear! Thank you
5	I am a long time customer and this past year, I have been in a bit of a financial pickle and have been doing my own grooming at home for my 2 dogs. Needless to say, they need professional help. I am coming back so Lizzie (if she is still there) can do a wonderful job on my dogs that hate anyone or freak out even looking at them with a scissor, and I don't have the patience anymore.
3	It's a great place when they actually pick up the phone. We took our dogs there to get baths and their nails done about once a month but recently things have been slipping. Closing early, unanswered phones, inconvenient appointment times, all of which are symptoms of a business that needs an overhaul. I really hope they turn things around because it used to be a great place.
