2	MDUSA sponsers a fairly well known weight lifting team and gets a lot of good talk in the various weight lifting and body building forums.  Unfortunately, I haven't had a very good experience with them.I'm giving two stars because apparently they sell good products even if their logistics is a mess.  I attempted to place my first order from MDUSA over Thanksgiving Weekend during their "Black Friday / Holiday sale."On Tuesday, after their (and everyone else's) sales were over, they cancelled my order (a pair of weight lifting shoes) due to being out of stock and sent me an email.  Customer service (Krysta), while apologetic, did not actually do anything for me.  No offer to extend the discount, give a better discount, or anything really.  Just that they were sorry.  They did mention another (even better) sale that crashed the server.Anyway, It's 2012 and their website allowed orders beyond their stock levels? So, I spent my Christmas dollars elsewhere.I would have happily waited for the product if they threw me a bone of some sort as a goodwill gesture.  They'd have a customer for life if they had offered me that killer deal I missed out on as soon as they had stock.  About the only thing I received (after posting on Facebook) was an invitation to call their phone number and talk to a Lisa.  I'm really not into calling and talking on the phone for orders, as my schedule never seems to match when companies actually have people staffing the phones.  Plus, the last company I called rather than ordered online from I ended up with two of the same item (not MDUSA, but I don't like talking on the phone for mail order).  I feel like I've waved money at Muscledriver USA and they're refusing to take it or even make a minor effort to do so.  Email me an offer, message me an offer, call _me_, etc.So anyway, I haven't written them off 100%.  I'd still like those shoes I tried to order over Thanksgiving.  I'm not holding my breath though.
4	PROS: Pretty simple - after sending me a defective/damaged Nexgen bar from their old supply, they replaced it at no cost (including no shipping cost) with a _brand new_ extremely sleek Nexgen 2013.CONS: Communication was very difficult. Things weren't timely and they kept sending the shipping tube to the wrong address (confusion between billing/mailing address). In fact, the final shipment of my very nice bar.In summation, the product and the eventual delivery outweighs the cons in my opinion. I only had this one interaction with the company (at least thus far) and feel slight trepidation at future dealings, BUT I am happy.
1	I've been waiting for an order for 6 weeks. That would be fine if customer service let me know there would be a delay, but I've contacted them 5 times for updates and so far nothing, other than passing the buck and telling me that the product was to be drop shipped by another company. Since I'm in the business of customer service, I found their non-response unacceptable. I'll update the review if there are new developments. I do not like to trash any business so am hoping they redeem themselves.Update from 10/17. Ally from Muscle Driver just called. The product finally shipped from Fisher. I have a tracking number. Still no excuse for the long wait, but good damage control.Update on 10/22. The lack of communication between Fisher and Muscle Driver is astounding. Fisher sent our package through some private delivery service (not UPS, Fedex, or USPS) and they only do curbside delivery and won't give us a window so now I need to take a day off to make sure I can get the package that I should have received a month ago.
