5	was i ever lucky to pick dr. karawi from a random list of doctors near my home from my insurance website.ever since i was a kid, i barely remember seeing my dentist. his hygienist came in, cleaned my teeth, then the dentist came in with his long nose hairs and big belly and bald head and stinky breath and started shoving sharp metal objects into my teeth. then he left, saying only "hmmph". he had a beach house in the cayman islands.dr karawi is exactly opposite of that (don't know if he has a house in the caymans though). what really, really, really surprised me was the karawi cleaned my teeth....the Dentist! he does that for all his patients. i asked him why, and he just said he likes to get to know his patients. how novel!he is extremely friendly and likeable but always professional. he will joke and talk to you about your vacations, plans for the weekend, etc, but then always keeps it serious when discussing your dental care. i sincerely appreciate his services and friendliness. we liked him so much, even invited him to our house warming party!so for excellent dental care and outgoing service, Dr. Karawi is your man.p.s. he's not bald, doesn't have long nose hairs or a big belly, and his breath doesn't stink.
5	Dr. Karawi is one of the best around, and I'd be happy for the rest of my life if I get to keep him as my dentist. I've had him as my dentist for over 3 years now. The location is convenient, parking is ample, staff members (Erica and Iman) are wonderful, and their follow-up over the phone is always useful. All the chairs face floor-to-ceiling glass walls with a view of greenery and Indian School, which means you're not stuck in a windowless room with unflattering fluorescent lighting. Even the background music is kinda nice.He truly cares about his patients and their personal lives. He's a good talker, easy to listen to, and takes his patients' dental care seriously. I wouldn't trade him for the world, and because of him and his encouragement, I've now taken my oral health seriously again. As far as his actual work is concerned, he's very considerate, explains everything thoroughly, and allots enough time for me to ask questions and feel comfortable throughout the whole process.He's one of a kind, and it's really rare to run into someone like Dr. Mo who takes his profession seriously but still manages to make his patients feel like family. All of my other friends whom I've referred to him have said the same things.
5	Dr. Karawi is the best dentist I've ever been to.  He is so caring, thoughtful and compassionate.  Dr. Karawi is amazing and always takes his time to explains everything he's doing to help me understand each procedure.   He really listened, gave me the time I needed, and put me at ease.  We discussed treatment options and the choices I have in an open minded way and he gives me the choice of what I want done.   I love the fact that they schedule one patient at a time to give me all the attention I need, and I never have to wait.  I always get an appointment when I needed one.  They kept things moving and on time during my visit.   Not to mention the fact that his shot never hurt, I just close my eyes and don't even know he gave me a shot.  I just can't say enough good things about Dr. Karawi and I recommend him to everyone.
5	Ditto to everything everyone else said.  Dr. Karawi is so warm and welcoming and he even communicates with me on facebook.  I love how well he explains everything and that he does the cleanings himself so that I feel he is really familiar with my teeth and my needs.  Highly recommend him!
5	I cannot sing the praises of this place enough.They were  very accommodating to my crazy work schedule, and spent an hour answering all my crazy questions. I have never had any surgery, never had an IV, never has blood work, etc, so I was very nervous. I knew I didn't want general anesthesia, and the doctor presented many other options and explained all the effects. He explained the process with my X-ray and was extremely caring and helpful as I got myself ready for the process.I had all four removed, one of which has been infected for a year, and the process only took about an hour. The doctor was very gentle and excellent. When I went into the recovery room, all there doctors and nurses who were in the procedure came to check on me, which was very nice.The doctor called the same night and was again very helpful. I've had no swelling, very little pain (I threw out the painkiller script and have just been on advil) and I feel great.A thousand stars out of five!!
5	When I first saw Dr Karawi I was very surprised as he looks 20 years younger (no kidding)  than a dentist who has been practicing for 12 years. Within a few minutes he had erased any apprehension I had and as i turns out he has been the most accommodating, friendly and knowledgeable dentist I have been to. He is very forthright and patient and makes sure you are not just comfortable but are also well informed.  Highly recommend him !
5	I brought my 93 year old grandmother to Dr. Karawi to get her teeth cleaned and checked and he did an absolutely wonderful job!  He went way above and beyond to make sure she was comfortable, even offering to turn the air conditioning down if she was too cold.  He was super patient and gentle with her, and as her caregiver I really appreciated how he told us what her dental problems were without pressuring us to get any work done. He explained all of our options, including the pros and cons of each procedure. He is definitely very knowledgeable! I can't recommend him enough, and I couldn't have asked for a better dentist for grandma.
5	Dr. Karawi and his office staff are incredible!  Dr. Karawi is definitely one of the most caring, kindest, most gentle dentists in the world, and the two wonderful ladies who help him couldn't be nicer.  I'm so happy I discovered this place thanks to Yelp, and hopefully you will give him a try!
5	I love this dental office!  I got the most thorough cleaning I've ever had!  I also love how I've had a silver filling that fell out some years ago, but Dr. Karawi said there's no decay so no need to fix it, which is great news for me since I don't have insurance.  He truly cares about all of his patients and you can see his enthusiasm for his job on his face.
1	Do not get a filling from this guy.  I have to replace the tooth this joker made!!  They seemed nice and like they knew what was going on....but this dental work is deplorable, Stay away from this office!
5	I'm no longer afraid of the dentist, thanks to Dr. Karawi.  Not only did they get me in the same day because I was having pain but he was able to take care of it and get me out of pain.  I have been going to them for four years and hope to continue for years to come.  The whole staff was very caring and tried to make me feel as comfortable as possible, which is hard to do for me because I'm scared of the dentist.  BUT not anymore, Thank you!!!!!!!
5	We absolutely love Dr Karawi and his staff. They have cared for us for years. He cleans my teeth beautifully and painlessly. Even uses warm water in the water jet cleaner.  Absolutely recommend him to everyone.
5	Dr Karawi is the best. His cleanings are actually enjoyable! I found him when I was in college - 10 years and one state later, he's still my preferred dentist. I've used him for cleanings, fillings and whitening. I have sent at least a dozen friends and family to him and even converted one self proclaimed 'dentaphobe'. If you're looking for someone who is not only a great dentist, but truly cares about his patients and their health, go here!
5	Dr. K. is a modern-day dentist who listens to his patients and then works his magic. As someone who is deathly afraid of the dentist's chair, Dr. K. makes going for a cleaning FUN. His superior knowledge is rivaled only by his warm and caring attitude. His patients adore him so much that they bring cookies and cakes to their appointments. Meet him and you'll do the same. It's because, quite simply, he is the best dentist on the planet.
5	Dr. Karawi is not only the best dentist I've ever had, in any state in which I've lived, but he's also an incredibly lovely person. My daughter and I are so very grateful that we found Dr. Karawi's practice and that we can now count him as a friend, as well as our dentist.
5	The word dentist doesn't begin to accurately describe Dr. K! The care and attention that he gives to each of his patients goes far beyond this simplistic title. He personally does the procedures - from cleaning to root canals - and knows all of his patients by name with deep knowledge on their dental health. You leave feeling as if you have just reminisced with an old friend, and with the best smile you have had in months! Whatever previous experience you have had with a "dentist" will be a distant memory thanks to the compassion, expertise and attention that Dr. K will give to you.
5	Wow!Dr Karawi and his office staff are just wonderful!They all go out of their way to "know" you as a patient, and as a person.Nobody really likes going to the dentist, but he (and the staff) calm yournerves, and do everything they can to help you relax and be understood.Dr. Karawi does all the procedures himself...even cleanings!Already have sent my daughter there, will continue to recommend to everyone!
