4	Let's be honest. Not all women are a size 6. In fact, MOST women are not a size 6. And yet women's plus size (shudder) clothing is still relegated to department store and catalog shopping. Thanks to Diva, women sizes 14 to 24 now have a classy choice in the Phoenix area. Diva offers lines from clothiers such as the casual Flax (famous for its natural fibers) to the dressy Emme (the collection by the plus-sized supermodel). Bravo!
4	Dive is a boutique in Scottsdale dedicated completely to women who are size 14 and up. I think it's really cool that they offer a stylish store for women who usually can't find many stylish things in their size. Although the main display is a moo-moo...not the most technically stylish thing in the world. Inside there are all different designs and styles!
1	My best friend was in town and wanted to check this store out.  She found it on Yelp and being a plus-sized women, she loves to check out new places that offer clothing for 'real' women.  What a waste of time!  We made the drive to North Scottsdale and the place had styles for my grandmother.  Nothing was young and hip in the store and everything looked like a moo-moo.  I'd recommend going there if you were 60 and above.We were in the store for 10 minutes and none of the snobby sales people behind the counter even bothered to come say hello or ask us if we needed help. Just because we don't look like richies doesn't mean you can't acknowledge us.
5	Diva is a completely unique boutique for larger women's clothing. It is probably the ONLY store in the Phoenix area that caters to real style for size 14 and up. I read some of the older reviews and in my opinion... there is very little moo moo and a whole lot of wow at this store. They carry many designers that aren't found anywhere else. As a real Nordstromaholic... I was disappointed at what is available at Fashion Square. Forget about finding a special occasion dress in larger sizes- it doesn't exist in this town. Nordstrom carries less than a third of what is available in their Chicago stores-- and Macy's makes no excuses- they carry NO plus size special occasion dresses... ZERO!  Since Lord and Taylor  and Von Maur don't exist here-- there is NO WHERE except Diva to find a decent cocktail or formal dress. I mean, I know Phoenix is more casual than Chicago, but we STILL go to weddings, bar mitzvahs and vacation on cruises. Diva is the only store that seems to understand that even size 14+ have a need to find the right dress for the right occasion. I find the sales staff there to be amazing. I also love much of their casual clothing. This is a higher end shop and the prices reflect that-- but it's cheaper than flying back to Chicago to shop.
