4	Call it amnesia, but whenever I venture out this way, I always forget there's a Boston Market here. Every time I see it, I get excited and insist on stopping. What it is about Boston Market? They exist all over the country, and is the typical rotisserie chicken chain but yet, I can't get enough. Nothing special, the foods always kinda mediocre and so are the sides. It must be the fact that I only eat it once every few months that keeps it kickin' on taste buds. I'm also a sucker for roasted chicken and any place that serves turkey not on Thanksgiving. American comfort food for the Asian kid. Cheers to mashed potatoes and stuffing!
3	Fast service but not really a "fast food" joint anymore. During the mid 90s I worked at a location where the only two practical choices for lunch were Einstein Bagel and Boston Market, luckily neither were too bad.I stopped going to BM over the years because the quality went down and the sides became completely tasteless. Fast forward to 2012, I'm in the mood for roasted chicken, I'm pressed for time and there it is. I cut across 3 lanes on Independence bvd but I made it.  Nine bucks for half a chicken?? There are plenty of restaurants and sports bars that charge the same or less at lunch time!! mm Thai chili garlic sauce, the potatoes look and the garlic spinach looks good I'll bite, What a china plate, real silverware and they bring it to your table?  There a sign on the table that says " no tips, and leave the cleaning to us" they stole my idea of tip-free restaurant dining!! I hate the experience of eating in fast food joints so to me this seems like a great idea. The price no longer seemed excessive The food was ..... passable as in not too bad. They need to get a beer license
2	First & last trip in one. We stopped to try something different for lunch. I got chicken sandwich with red potatoes & my husband got meatloaf sandwich with mashed potatoes & gravy. All our potatoes were cold & were in dire need of seasoning. The gravy had no flavor. The bread was so tough you couldn't eat the sandwich. The chicken was terribly DRY. Tea dispenser was water, not even any brown color. We got lemonade (taste more like Kool Aide). We wasted almost $20 on that lunch. Would not recommend Boston Market!!
3	Like the P-man, I not only forget about the Boston Market here when I drive by, but I forget that I've been here half a dozen (or more) times and that I need to review the place.Now there is nothing much special about this location. It is a Boston Market. If you have been to one, you have likely been to every other one. About the only thing that stands out is that getting in and out works pretty well, provided you are traveling in the right direction. Luckily, that is almost any direction, other than from Matthews on Sam Newell.Once inside, the place is of a reasonable size, and the staff is nice enough - but it just exudes a sort of cold air, even in the middle of the summer. It could be because the dining section is so far away from the counter, but whatever the case, you might be better taking your food to go, as the food itself is fine - the place is what seems to make (or break) it here.
4	Very nice staff and clean restaurant.
4	Had not been to Boston Market in a long time. Decided to eat there yesterday.    Was welcomed when I first entered the restaurant, who was I believe a shift manager.  He explained about their special of 1/2 chicken+ 2 sides, and after some contemplation I decided to get it.  A nice dark golden brown color that almost melted in your mouth, so tender & juicy that you could separate the drumstick from the Brest cage with just a butter knife.  I had Ice Tea to drink and really like the tea dispenser.  Restaurant was clean and well kept, not to mention after the bill was paid they carried my meal to the table for me.  Was really surprised at that one.  Also I went to  discard my garbage and noticed a sign explaining that they would take care it, I noticed the sign after I had already gotten to the garbage can, but still a definitely nice touch.  The only real complaint I had was it felt like I was sitting in a walk-in cooler.  I enjoy cold but this was to cold. As a result my food did get cold before I finished it, however I still was able to enjoy my food, and the person I was eating with.  If you have not been to Boston Market in a while, I would highly recommend it.
5	Great customer service! Food was good! We had rotisserie chicken, stuffing, Mac 'n Cheese, Loaded Mash Potato, Baked Appples, Apple Pie, and a cookie.
5	Fantastic Very friendly and helpful staff. Food was tasty and lots of options. They don't have a boneless option but offered and did take the chicken off the bone! Not pushy or in a hurry to serve and ring, laid back. Helps when you still deciding Will visit this location again!
