5	BEST ELVIS EVER!!!!! He does competitions and everything. My Fiance booked a last minute commitment ceremony. Everyone was amazing. Great price... WORTH EVERY PENNY! The photographer Mikey was amazing, beautiful photos!Arthur was our limo driver was the nicest guy, offered to stop to get champagne and everything, I'll be calling him next time we're in vegas.It was everything I've ever dreamed of, it was short, hilarious and SOO heartfelt. If you're in vegas right now and wanting to get married or have a phenomenal commitment ceremony, please do yourself a favor and go here!!! Incredible experience I honestly can't say enough.
5	My husband and I decided to celebrate our 40th Wedding Anniversary with a wedding renewal with Elvis. The venue was lovely and cheerful.. The folks who run this establishment were so wonderful and made this event stress free. They take care of everything. All you do is show up. They allowed our friends to take as many photos before and after the ceremony as we wanted. Elvis made this ceremony so much fun. We now look back at the video we purchased and laugh every time. This will be a memory I take with my for the next 40 years.  It was the best decision we had ever made.
5	We had such a great experience here that I'm tempted to post my phone number on Yelp so you can call me and I can personally tell you how great our wedding was.  This was the only place we found that didn't try to sell us extra stuff or add extra fees.  If you want to realize just how bad other places can be, I suggest walking into the other chapel close by where my now wife and I went first.  We had to wake up the guy, who was sleeping on the couch (at 2 PM), and he told us we needed to rent a limo from him even though we had a rental car, and his lowest package was twice their price.  We read many horror story reviews at other places about horrible photographers, but Mike the photographer here was one of the most genuinely friendly people we met on our Vegas trip.  When he showed us the pictures he took, there were so many really great photos!  Larry the minister was an awesome guy, and he threw a few personal touches into our vows that made us both cry.  Well played Pastor Larry!  So, feel free to check out other places, but make sure this place is one of them, or if you are in a hurry and want to look at just one and be done with your search, Olga and I highly recommend this place!(FYI you will learn all chapel ministers work on "tips" in Vegas, usually suggested to be $40 or $50 as a minimum.  I later found out that's about 1/5 of the required "donation" to your pastor or priest at your church back home if you had a big non-Vegas wedding, so it's not bad once you accept it as a necessary cost).  Also, I guess this place used to be known as The Hollywood Wedding Chapel, so I'm not sure how long it's been "The Little Vegas Chapel," but that explains why there are just a few reviews here, so don't let that scare you away.
5	.........
5	Best guys ever! Mike and Chad!! Thank you for giving us the perfect Vegas wedding memories! Great looking Elvis and just the nice little chapel we've been looking for!
5	My husband and I got married here less then a week ago. The place was very upbeat in style and very colorful. Nothing like the usual Vegas (Funeral home) style chapels. The staff was so friendly by the time our ceremony was over they felt like family!!!
5	My husband and I needed to have a civil wedding so we thought why not legalize our love in Vegas! This chapel is adorable, our Elvis impersonator was AMAZING!! Also, the staff is extremely friendly and the Elvis themed wedding was both a blast and extremely entertaining!
5	We wanted to get married by Elvis, and got married here on Thursday night. Everything was fabulous! "Elvis" was amazing, and the ceremony he performed was everything we could have asked for! It was so sincere and unique, and we had so much fun! He sang "Can't help falling in love" at the end, and it was incredible! Ciara was our photographer and she was great! Super sweet and fun! I highly recommend getting married here, and we will definitely go back for a vow renewal!
5	When my husband and I got "married" the first time in 2006, we had a big reception with over 200 guests.  It was a blast...but we never got around to filing the actual paperwork.  Oh well.  Fast-forward eight years later.  We have a very busy and full life together, complete with kid.  Unfortunately, what we don't have: an actual marriage certificate that will allow us to consolidate various insurance policies to save us a bunch of money.  Damn.  Okay, time to legitimize us.  We knew we weren't interested in another huge event, but we also wanted something more memorable than a trip to the local courthouse.  We've always heard of Elvis weddings in Las Vegas, and decided to go for it.  Game on!With about two weeks to make it happen, there were a few things that were extremely important to me when I was considering where to book our ceremony.  First, I wanted a handsome Elvis.  If Elvis is going to officiate my wedding, he's going to be in my pictures, so I need him to be handsome.  Lol.  Second, although this is Vegas and the experience will likely be time-limited, I didn't want to feel rushed.  I also wanted to know how much everything would cost up front so I'm not stuck adding on stuff at the last minute, and feeling resentful and broke.  Lastly, I wanted a place with a decent photographer.  Photo memories are forever, so I need the person taking the photos to know what they're doing. I did a fair amount of internet research and ultimately decided on the Little Vegas Chapel because they met all the above criteria.  Mike (one of the wedding coordinators, who also ended up being our photographer) took the time to answer the million and one questions I had before committing to booking with them.  Quite frankly, I was annoying myself with all the questions I was asking, but Mike was always gracious, professional, and responsive.  I never felt pressured to make a decision I wasn't ready to make, which was a really telling sign.  I also had very particular preferences, which Mike kindly accommodated without ever making me feel like it was a hassle (even if it was...haha).We had about 30 people attend the event and, quite frankly, nobody really knew what to expect from an Elvis wedding in Vegas at 11:00 am on a Sunday morning. Lol.  However, by the end of the event, our friends and family could not stop gushing about how awesome it was!  Chad as Elvis was the perfect blend of humor, sincerity, and professionalism.  And, yes, he was also very handsome.  :-)  Mike as the photographer took some great photos, and we never felt rushed at any point.  It was only later that I was told there was a wedding immediately following ours.  I never would have guessed given how much attention and time they were giving us.In short, if you're interested in an Elvis wedding in Las Vegas, I don't know why anyone would go anywhere else.  You can't go wrong with these guys.  They are polite and professional and, once you factor in all the extra add-ons that other chapels charge, I'm pretty sure the Little Vegas Chapel is also the best bang for your buck.  I don't part with my cash that easily, but I can honestly say I have zero regrets about spending my hard-earned money here.  And if you know me, that's saying a lot!  Lol.
