5	I think I've made my face pretty well-known at this venue since it opened last month. Friendly staff and management, clean restaurant and that fresh Chipotle flavor everyone should know and love by now. This neighborhood needed a Chipotle! I only hope Trader Joe's is next to fill some of the empty retail space.
5	Clean, fast and delicious.  I've been hooked on the chicken burrito with pinto beans and both pico and hot sauce.  The bacon flavor in the pinto beans makes it complete.
5	As with many of the Chipotle stores, the food is great!  I enjoy this location because it  has easy access and close to home.  The staff is friendly and make the location enjoyable to eat at.  The location is fairly new and there is hardly ever a long line.  Nice and quick.
1	I usually like Chipotle, but this last visit was absolutely terrible!  I ordered the steak and every bite of steak was hard grisly fat!  At $12 a burrito I'm staying away from gristle town!!!
2	I just left this chipotle & the guy was really cheap on both my bowl and my hubby's burrito. I have been to chipotle quite a bit and they have never been this cheap with the beans, meat, cheese ect. I will visit here again but if the portion size is still super small for the price; I won't be back.
5	I'm updating my bad review.   We spoke to the manager about our bad experience and I've got to say the service and interest in wanting to make up for our experience was over the top.  I'm now a huge fan of this location, the service is top notch!!!
3	Ordered four burrito bowls at Chipotle yesterday: two with double-meat and two with gluten allergies. After opening them up side by side, we couldn't tell which ones were double meat. A bit frustrating since it's $2.30 extra for double meat (x 2 bowls).On the plus side, they took our gluten situation seriously. Even tho there were 3-4 in line behind me, Chipotle swapped out all the utensils to avoid cross contamination. Good job there! I've had the steak, the carnitas and the barbacoa. All good but the barbacoa is the juiciest. I will address the double meat with them upon my next visit cuz, hey, Chipotle puts out some good meals otherwise. A bit pricey, but tasty.
4	Update: Recently I posted a review regarding a definite lack of 'double meat'. Went back last night and got much better results, without saying anything to them. My only problem now is the online ordering system, which sometimes works and sometimes not. They really need to fix that since it adds 10 mins onto a takeout order.
5	First time ever trying Chipotle and OH MY GOD. It's great! When I told the guy I had never been there he told me that all their food is fresh and comes from fair treated animals. I would have eaten it anyway but I appreciated how friendly and knowledgable he was! Thank you! :) I will definitely be choosing Chipotle over other food from now on.
1	Chipotle is such a RIP OFF!! I swear, does anyone else not see how SKIMPY THEY ARE WITH THE amount of MEAT SERVING ON THE BURRITOS!!!!!   When I am ordering I say "Hey! Put more meat on there please" but tonight my 16 year old daughter went and picked up dinner.. I don't know if they took advantage of her being aloof, but there is literally NO STEAK  on this $7 STEAK BURRITO!!!! Then they want to insult you by charging you $2 when you actually ask for more meat!!!!! So aggravated right now!!  Have a good mind to go back up there!!!!
4	After visiting my new grandson my wife and I decided to stop in Chipolte for a meal.  Since I am a vegetarian I thought I'd have to get the usual of all non meat products, I.e. Beans, rice, chips, salsa.  I was pleasantly surprised that they had a product called sofrita which is a tofu based product.  I had this in a burrito with rice beans and guacamole.  It was tasty and filling meal.
5	I love Chipotle, and I love this location because they are serving sofritos here...what a nice option for vegetarians.. Chipotle's version of sofritos here is a tofu with a whole bunch of spices and beans.. so freaking good. I will be back for more for sure! I am also hopeful that other locations will start to serve this option because it really fills the need for an "Entree" meat for vegetarians!
5	I love chipotle and am so happy they placed one close to my house. I eat here on the average of 8 meals a weeks between lunch and dinner. It is always fast and friendly. The staff knows me personally and always makes me feel welcomed. It can be chilly inside bit I bring a jacket or eat outside and it is perfect! No complaints here
4	I usually get the vegetarian burrito, which is great. I do see how others who have reviewed here may not be happy with what they get, especially if they order meat. For awhile there was a really annoying guy working behind the counter & at register who was so repellant I stopped going. Now I do not see that guy, & am usually happy with the service & food I get here. You do kind of need to watch them to make sure you get what you want, how you want it. I also think that without getting the veggie burrito it is kind of a rip off to get the guacamole too. Could be better, could be much worse. Definitely filling, & a much healthier alternative to some nearby places trying to compete like del taco, Taco Bell & filibertos.
