2	I love some BBQ, but Sonny's just doesn't cut it for me. First of all, this place is a franchise so that's automatically blasphemy in the BBQ world. I love some hometown BBQ & going into a place a franchised BBQ place just isn't on my list of favorite things to do.Their BBQ is good & you can order family style, so everything here is not so bad. But there are plenty of other better, hometown BBQ joints close by in Charlotte. Sonny's doesn't have anything that's spectacular, but you'll leave full & satisfied.But for my money, I'd rather get some better BBQ, at a better price, from a hometown place. If you don't mind the franchise feel added into your BBQ eating experience, then you won't mind heading to Sonny's to get filled up. But for me, you'll enjoy your BBQ much better from a local place with local recipes.
3	True, Sonny's is a chain and that hurts its standing as a BBQ joint. Still though, the food is pretty good. It's pretty easy to call in takeout or order once you're there. There is a separate takeout area you go to in the restaurant. My friend and I only had to wait a few minutes for our food. I ordered BBQ chicken and she got pulled pork. Both meals - complete with two sides and cornbread - were so large that they fed us for days. Here's a tip: The best Carolina BBQ can be found at church luncheons. Charlotte churches often have small festivals where you can get a plate of pulled pork, beans, slaw, etc., for $8 or $10. Try to save room if you can. They'll also be selling sweet potato pie and other Southern desserts.
3	It might be part of a franchise, but I prefer to rate the place based on the food. While I have had better, this place is good!Walking in for a late dinner at 9:00 tonight, we were warmly greeted and seated immediately. The waiter must be new, because he's a character. Lots of smiles and humor as he took care of us. Almost too much!I went with the all-you-can-eat ribs ($10.99) and they were fall-off-the-bone. Nicely cooked, my first plate had four of them. Very meaty, though perhaps not as hot (temperature-wise) as I expect. I decided to have a second plate, which had three large ribs. These were just as good and were served at the right temperature. The cole slaw seemed processed and the mac & cheese was only barely warm, but the cornbread was fresh and delicious.My eating partner had the all-you-can-eat chicken ($7.99) with a baked sweet potato and baked beans. The potato was rather small and the beans had a lot of bbq sauce mixed through. (Other available sides are green beans, baked potato, fries, and others I can't remember.)The ribs and chicken are only barely sauced. Instead at the table are four squeeze bottles of sauces - mild, smoky, smoky sweet and spicy. They're all good, but I prefer a mustard bbq sauce.All of the sides are also included with the all-you-can-eat as are the drinks. They have a very delicious sweet tea, fountain coke products and Bud/Bud Light on tap.We skipped dessert, but did bring some bbq shredded pork home, which looks great. They put in two tubs of cole slaw and good sized packets of each of the sauces.
3	I just had the bbq pulled pork sandwich because I'm trying to stop eating fried chicken.  I ordered the bbq pulled pork sandwich and it was pretty good. Actually it's better than Mac's Speed shop which now I find highly overrated.  The pork was moist, I liked the hot and spicy bbq sauce that came with it.  Not impressed with the bread or bun but I guess it does it's job of holding it all together.
4	Service & food was great . Would go again .
3	I ate at Sonny's the first weekend I was here in Charlotte, but never got around to writing a review.  Sonny's BBQ is a chain, but they do a pretty good job.  I had the super combo which has  sliced Pork, Beef, Chicken, and Ribs.  The pork was moist and tender, but could have been cooked a little longer.  The beef was pretty good as well, tender and moist.  The chicken was good with a smoky flavor.  The ribs were OK too, tender and coming off the bone cleanly.  My dinner came out with Texas toast and I asked the waitress for cornbread instead which she brought to me promptly.  The atmosphere was OK and the service was great.  As far as Sonny's being a chain, well that is not a sin in my book as long as the food is OK.  Sonny's serves solid, but not inspired, BBQ.  Will I be back, probably not since there are plenty of other BBQ places to try.
2	I was in a time-crunch and starving and chose this Sonny's over some nearby chain restaurants. I'd been to a Sonny's a couple years back on a visit to Florida (when I was living in NY) and thought it was decent reasonably priced BBQ. Now that I live in NC and frequently travel to the BBQ capitols of the world (TX, TN, SC, NC) I know what the best BBQ should be. In fact, just a week before I'd had some of the best BBQ I'd ever eaten on a visit to Fort Worth. By comparison, the grub at this place was not nearly as good as what I'd remembered it to be. My chicken was bone dry, the ribs were small and dry, and the pulled pork was ok but unremarkable. That said, my server was friendly, the cost was low, the food came fast, and there was a decent amount of food for the price. I probably won't return to a Sonny's again unless I'm in a similar jam to this past time.
4	I had a rib lunch combo here with mac and cheese, and some other forgotten side. The ribs I ordered were the sweet and smokey ones, and I was surprised, because they were a little dry on the outside. A squirt of some hot BBQ sauce however brought them to life! While not perfect, I think they came through as a solid representation of Carolina ribs. I'd  come again and next time I'll order the baby back ribs which I gather are super tender. The sweet tea is good here as well. However the true breakout star was to my surprise, the mac and cheese! Slightly browned on top, al dente pasta, extremely cheesy without being salty and just perfection. I'd put it up against home made, it was that good.
4	I'd heard good things about Sonny's, but they don't extend up into Virginia, so I was excited to have the chance to try it out when I was in Charlotte recently.  It certainly lived up to the hype.  It's hard to say if it's the best I've had, because every good barbecue place is good in different ways, but it's up there, especially for a chain. If anyone from Sonny's reads this, come open a spot in Richmond.
4	Very good barbecue. Too bad it was pork instead of beef. Would recommend it though. Very friendly people, as is the norm in this part of the country.
3	The ratings on this place is pretty accurate, on a scale from 1 to 10 I'd give it a 7. There Mac n cheese is very good, there baked beans were average.  Mckoys BBQ is one exit from the fwy so out of the two I'd go with "Mckoys".
5	The best bbq in the world, I'm pretty sure. A great menu and very friendly staff. The cornbread alone will change your life! I would definitely recommend Sonny's to everyone!
4	This visit to Sonny's was the typical goodness I expect.  The sliced pork was juicy and delicious.  The kid loved the smoked turkey -- even got a second serving.  Super friendly service and sweet tea refills like crazy. Sure miss this place.
4	Consistently good food, especially the DRY RUB ribs.  Staff always working hard.  Service good.  Blue collar, working people type of place.  Tea is "Pixie Stick sweet."  Ask a Southerner, they'll know what you're talking about.
2	Don't eat anything but the chicken. Everything else is nasty. Charlotte should be a BBQ mecca, it isn't because of the chains. Go back to Florida, they like it there.
4	If you're looking for a good place to get cheap, tasty barbeque, Sonny's is really a good place to go.If you're in the mood to try their different meats, the Super Combo is really the way to go.  For around $14, you can get their brisket, pork, chicken and ribs.  The brisket was really just so-so (about 2.5/5), the pulled pork was pretty good (3.5/5), but the ribs (very meaty and tender) and chicken (moist and smoky) were really good (4.5/5).  I also tried some of the sliced pork, which was really good too - I recommend that over the pulled pork.  If you're in the mood to pig out, they had some decently cheap all-you-can-eat specials.  You can even get AYCE ribs for less than $20!  They offer discounts on the AYCE depending on what night you go there (I think Tuesdays they discount the ribs).Their side items aren't bad either.  I love that offer corn on the cob as a side, and the corn wasn't too bad (although it was a little more mushy, like frozen corn on the cob).  Their macaroni and cheese is ok - very cheesy!  Truly, though, their cornbread is where it's at!  It is tender, moist, and mildly sweet - so delish!  If you're in the mood for a salad, they offer a decent salad bar here as well.Our waiter was really friendly and helpful, and all the staff working there was really nice to us.  Our food came out super fast, which is always fabulous.  The decor was pretty typical for a chain restaurant.  They also offer a drive thru when you come to pick up carry-out, which is probably very helpful if you're wanting food on-the-go.Cheap prices and good food are always great reasons to visit a restaurant again.
2	Sonny's was a little disappointing.  Now, we went on Father's Day and dads eat free, which was cool...if I had to pay full price for what I ate, I would be very upset.  I got a "rack" of ribs...spare ribs.  Just because they are not baby backs, it doesn't mean that they can't be tender people.  I don't understand how a pit smoked rib can be so tough and hard to get off the bone.  Its "Fall off the bone" and "Stick to your ribs" not "Stick to the bone"  The salad bar was the very definition of nothing special.  I don't think I will be craving the food anytime soon. What saved it was the service.  The kitchen screwed up our order and we had a large party but our server handled it very well.  I could tell that she had a long shift already but she was bright and cheerful towards us.  She covered the mistakes well and offered great service and was right on the spot with refills.  Don't think I'll be back, unless Jim N Nicks and Macs Speed Shop burns down...together
4	This Sonny's location has been recently refurbished, which looks better than it did before; though it is one of the smaller locations for this chain restaurant.  I do visit this Sonny's more often because of its proximity to I-77 (when driving by) and/or it's location in front of Costco, when I shop there; so I guess I'm somewhat of a regular.On my last visit, I ordered the Pork 3-Way plate with fries, coleslaw, and sweet tea.  The order went fast, with food already on table within' five minutes.  The coleslaw was as expected: sweet, slightly creamy with a good crunch to it.  The fries were okay I guess, though a few were soft.  The pulled pork was very good, I drizzled it with sizzilin' sweet sauce on top and ate it with the garlic bread.  The sliced pork (which I asked to be chopped) was good too.  The ribs (dry rubbed) were probably the weakest on the plate, the underneath part of the rib was nothing but fat and was easy to scrap off by a knife; were kind of dry but not bad.  Overall, it was a good meal.The waitress came by the table often to refill my drink without asking; overall good service.Now is this the best barbeque around, no... but it's not bad either.  Sonny's is one of the better barbeque chain restaurants in the southeast and this location is one of its better locations, and that is how I am rating it.
2	I only eat here occasionally because a couple of my co-workers like it.  Bland bbq, bland chicken.  OK salad bar.  Overpriced for the quality.  I have never understood the allure of this chain.
5	We ate here after church on Sunday last week as a large group.  The food was fast and good, except for the one who order a hamburger thought it was over cooked.  The service was great and pleasant.
2	I hate to write a review like this in that I know the Owner's and his Dad. As a child I was able to meet them and grew up knowing Sonny.This location was kind of busy. Went in the door and waited for a while before one of the 20 people who worked there stopped goofing around and actually acknowledged the two groups and me and my son who had come in. Clearly this should have been an indicator of what was next.We were seated in a dirty booth and the family next to us looked very unhappy. It took about 15 minutes for anyone to come to the table. She took our drink order and left. In the mean time she delivered cold food to the family next to us that looked unhappy.about 10 more minutes and the people behind us who had come in with us finally met their server who was more than confused. We still had not gotten any drinks and not placed an order. The waitress came back to the table and asked about our drink order again. I gave her five minutes. When she came back and had nothing I gave up. I grabbed the manager on the way out and he looked like a deer in the headlights. He knew he had issues, bad people and a huge problem. He was working in the kitchen when they got him and when a manager is in the kitchen it's bad news.While the front of the house was a wreck his employees where goofing off, wandering around and most of them not doing anything to help the others out. This was clearly a case of bad hiring and could be fixed but that was a pure waste of 30 - 40 minutes.
5	I have a confession to make and it won't be pretty... Ok, are you ready? Sigh... My name is Beth F. and I have a problem... but they say the first step to fixing that problem is to admit it right?? Well forget that, I don't want to help this problem!! I think I could literally drink Sonny's sweet bbq sauce. It is so freaking amazing I think we could start a world peace movement with that sweet creamy deliciousness. I would say to give me a few buckets of it, to start the movement, but I think my will power would cave and I'd end up consuming it all before I could even get it to the places it needed to go. The service at this location has always been fantastic and fast, and my God, it goes without saying that their bbq is the best I've ever had. My only complaint about Sonny's is that it's not walking distance to my house. We had one nearby that closed I guess, and so I'm just bummed and it's making me whiney. :P They have a salad bar, but let's be honest... who eats the salad bar when the BBQ plates are so filling... NOM... If you're hungry NOW, and want something that you will most likely have leftovers from, this is your place.
5	We were visiting from Greenville SC and have always enjoyed Sonny's. The food was great and the server Steven was absolutely fantastic! We ate at the Cheesecake Factory last night and the overall experience was much better at Sonny's.
4	I don't care if this is chain. Possible being from Illinois I don't know better. Regardless, the three way pork plate with chopped and pulled plus three perfect meaty pork ribs with an admirable smoke ring and exceptional fall off the bone flavor was very, very good. I would go here any time And the smoky BBQ sauce, I could bathe in it.
3	So I need to ask you something, Charlotte Yelpers.  Forgive me because I am from out of town, and I respect you all.  But I know how serious you all take your barbecue.  During my recent trip there, I had co-workers who took me to Mac's Speed Shop for what they told me was authentic Carolina barbecue.  I loved it.  I noticed that Mac's has 3 1/2 stars currently on Yelp, same as this place.  Charllotte Yelpers, how can you tell me that this place is anywhere near as good as Mac's?  You see, I had one day to myself to get lunch.  I decided to trust the Yelp app to find me another barbecue place.  I saw this place was near me, and having never heard of it before being from Philadelphia, I assumed this would be another authentic place.  And even though it had less reviews, I thought since it had the same level of stars as Mac's, I'd get some good barbecue that was at least as close as what they serve there. It was about 5 minutes into sitting down here when I realized that I was sitting in the south's version of Famous Dave's.  Don't get me wrong.  I enjoyed the combo that I had.  It wasn't bad at all.  But come on.  If you want authentic barbecue, you don't come here.  I felt slightly let down.  Now that I've had my "What the hell are you thinking Charlotte" rant, I'll say that for a chain restaurant, the food was pretty tasty, the service was very good, and I'd eat here again if I ever had the chance.  Both the pulled pork and the chicken were decent if not spectacular. Well, maybe I won't eat here again if I'm in the area with Mac's not too far away.  But it was good enough if not the greatest.
2	I visited around lunch time and the food was not that good. I was expecting it to be a lot tastier. The entree was a  dry. I's a good thing I had sauce. I am sorry, but I won't be back.
2	Drive thru issues and rude manager. My order was wrong and there was no cars in the parking lot.  So Im not sure what their issue was today. When I made the complaint and asked to speak to the manager. She didn't care what I thought and dismissed me completely. She even rolled her eyes at me.I have been a customer here since the 1980s and have never been treated like this.  The food was as good as it always is. I recommend you avoid the tyvola location..
5	The chopped beef brisket is smokey and awesome. Even my  youngest asks for brisket now. The service is always good and the price is right.
4	Came with the family of 5 for lunch on Sunday. All of the food was good. I had the dry rub ribs and was probably the one item I would less likely try again. The ribs were cooked to perfection but the rub lacked flavor. I had the homemade beans and  Mac and cheese, both were delicious! My daughter had the wet ribs and only shared a single bite (don't blame her a bit). They were also done to perfection and the sauce had more flavor. Wife had the pulled pork and was impressed. She grew up near Lexington, NC so she knows her BBQ. I was also allowed only a single bite and was also very impressed. They offer several sauces at the table and each had a very unique flavor. Service was good, glassed stayed full and bill came at the correct time. I found that the amt was kinda high for all lunch entree's when 2 of the meals were kids meals. The total without tip was $48.00. Worth a try and I will return when in the area.
4	I ordered the 3 pork combo which includes ribs,pulled and sliced pork.  This I must say is a fabulous dish. I ordered it dry and loved the side sauces that were at the table. I can't wait to visit this place again.
3	Was just an 'eh' experience.  Pulled pork was ok made better with the sizzling BBQ sauce.  Seems like it was all pre-made.
3	The restaurant was clean and well maintained. Our waitress was outstanding. The food was sub-par. Ribs were over done and dried out.  Corn was over cooked and soggy.  Green beans were a mess as was the corn bread.   This is not a good example of real southern barbecue.  New York maybe, but not North Carolina.
5	I ordered the Sonny's Sampler, and omg. I had absolutely no complaints. Such delicious food with tons of flavor! Pulled pork is by far my favorite! Going back tonight for dessert!
4	Very good and consistent barbecue! I've had the dry rub ribs why were meaty and flavorful. I've also had the smoked turkey and brisket sandwiches which were both great- authentic, tasty, with a nice smokey flavor to them. The meat is the best here and one of my favorite bbq places in town. As for sides, they are a bit disappointing.  The cornbread is ok, I don't like the corn pieces in it really. The fries kind of a look like cheap looking store bought crinkle cut fries and they are always soggy and limp as a take out order. I have also been to the Mooresville branch which is consistent too. So depending on which part of the city you live in, you can plan accordingly. TIP: If you go through the drive thru expect to wait longer than a fast food drive thru. The attendant who serves me at this location always smiles and is pleasant.
4	Better than expected. Many salad bar items, excellent corn bread. BF cleared his plate, I did too. Nothing fancy but good food! Staff very attentive.
3	I visited Sonny's 2 weeks ago while visiting Charlotte from Boston. The place was clean and priced reasonably ($37 for 3adult--2 of that was lunch sized, 1 dinner sized, and 1 kids meal) the portion sizes were good. Mac n cheese -- awesome, it consisted of real cheese and the blue boxed stuffCornbread -- very, very good! I'm pretty sure there was some pig fat or grease baked into it! Catfish-- was baked and completely covered with breadcrumbs. I was under the assumption that it was a baked on topping, something 'lighter'. It did taste good though.Water--was totally okay! I even had a lemon wedge in mine :)Beef brisket-- juicy, very good according to momRoasted chicken(forgot the name) --- was alright, certainly nothing to brag aboutIt's definitely not what expected for 'real' southern cooking, but I'd go back because it's cheap and more than edible. Oh and also for the cornbread!
4	We stopped in here for dinner. I had the salad bar with sliced pork. I have to say that at least they're consistant.  I founf the waitress to be attentive and the food was good. The cornbread was to die for. Once again I'm happy as a clam!
4	Can't say enough good things about my experience here. Plenty to choose from on the menu. Great helpful staff, even the ones not working my table were friendly and helpful. Brisket was very good as were the sides ( sweet potato, cole slaw). Also is less common to keep sauces at the table. A big plus for Sonny's. Will not complain next time I get sent to Charlotte.
4	Once again, Sonny's hits the mark. My wife and I had the sliced pork with salad bar. The food was belly-stuffing great! Will come back 'till my car dies...then I'll walk!
4	This is my go to place when in Charlotte I have been going here for years and they have only gotten better as times goes by. I always have the sampler plate and everything on it is top notch. Another thing I like about it is consistently great service and fair prices for 20 bucks I can get a great dinner and service. Keep up the good work sonny's
1	im a carolina bbq fan.  and sorry..but this bbq is just no that good.  its fast food bbq.  why not do real bbq sonny?  i dont want mcribs from a carolina bbq place
1	How dies this place have 3,5 stars.   I don't know where to start.  Food isn't even Sonny's quality,    No liquor here, beer only the owner doesn't want wine because he is a christian.   Really.   God turned water into wine     Well i will never be back.   Sonny's corporation would be disappointed.
