3	All you can eat menudo on sat and sun! But beware of the ghost! Manuel's is considered haunted from when it used to be a convenience store.... BOO!
4	I'm going to be short and to the point. The service is REALLY Slow and sucks! But the food is absolutely Top Notch, and worth the wait! Ask to sit in the enclosed patio it's about 10 deg cooler than the rest of the restaurant. If not for the slow service I would have given it 4****!
5	Really good food, best in Casa Grande in my opinion. Apparently they are under new management as the service was very good.
3	Just O.K., not bad, so-so.
4	For Casa Grande this place is fantastic!  The food isn't overly oily and the salsa is fresh and not so hot you can't eat it.  This is the only Mexican place in town I like to eat.
4	They had a buffet when I came here for lunch. Good selection - my favorite was the red chile beef. There wasn't as much flavor as I was expecting, so I dock one star for that. The waitstaff was very friendly and attentive, though the restaurant was far from full. The best part was that the buffet includes guacamole - that can cost up to $3 on the East Coast!
4	We eat here every weekend - the food is authentic and great and the service great also.  Best Mexican in Casa Grande.
3	Had lunch their today and I agree with a previous reviewer, It was ok, not bad, so so.I'll try another Mexican restaurant next time in Casa Grande.
4	We eat here once a week when we're in Casa Grande. It's a family-operated business, and they aim to please. The servers are friendly, but sometimes they don't have enough help. The food is good, and should something not be prepared to your liking, they will make it right. We like the cheese enchiladas and tacos. The salsa is good - not too hot, spicy. Iced tea is excellent. It's not a fancy place, but you can't beat the friendly service, hometown atmosphere and decent food. BTW, the fried ice cream is really terrific.
1	Undoubtedly the ghastliiest food experience we have ever endured. My wife and I are very seasoned travelers, i am English and work on cruise ships across the globe, 50 weeks a year. We are also food adventurers and eat in some the oddest places, especially in the Far East. But this was utterly abysmal. Chicken and beef fajitas that had past their sell by date at least 2 days prior - stale chips, guacamole the strangest shade of khaki and salsa which resembled something that had been meticulously scraped from the bottom of a parrot cage. We paid begrudgingly only because the waitress was so attentive (mostly to distract us from what's as languishing on our plates). The following day, today, I have even had a bad stomach. My wife phoned the manager this afternoon, not looking for recompense or a free meal (god forbid) but merely to point out how poor the food was, and was curtly informed that it was our fault because we didn't complain enough at the time! This is truly the Mexican Fawlty Towers and not quite so funny either. If you are considering eating here, I would avoid this place like hemerrhoids.By the way, avoid the churros like Ebola. I was still chewing the wretched thing 15 minutes after leaving the restaurant.
1	Appalling service, revolting food and little wonder on the night we went there was no other person in the restaurant. Interesting to note that my previous review of this odious establishment has been taken off!
1	Decent food - IF  you can Spanglish your way through ordering, and IF you actually get what you ordered. Management is POOR... don't expect a refund if they mess up your to-go order. COMPRENDE???
1	Good food, it's just sad they have such sucky service. Too many Mexican food restaurants in Casa grande to have to deal with crummy service.
1	Visited on Labor Day. Two waitress in the whole establishment. Very slow! Took forever to get water that was asked for when ordering drinks. Had 5 SMALL bowls of chips while waiting for food. Took at least 45 minutes to get food. My parents order beef fajitas to share. Came with one tortilla. When asked for more was told that they would charge. Asked to speak to manager. When he came to the table he was only able to explain that it was one order and you only get one tortilla. He didn't speak English to explain in detail. The waitress had brought us two more tortillas and the manager was stuck on that fact. There was no way that the tortilla would have held the amount of fajitas that were served. I ordered chilie rellano. It was okay. We will not return! There was minimal customer service.
2	The food is run of the mill Mexican food - decent and filling. However, the service is slow. The waitresses are friendly, but a weekday lunch with few customers should not take an hour.
2	Sadly, the service has slipped. Not enough help to wait on the customers. Wait staff was waiting tables, serving as cashiers and bussing tables. Slow to get drink refills, didn't offer to bring more chips. Food wasn't hot either. The place was a huge disappointment on our visit this week. We are not likely to return.
1	This is my first Yelp review, and so it should say something that I'm taking the time to write 1.) a negative one, and 2.) one on a relatively obscure business. We were visiting family in Casa Grande, and they recommended this place after having some reasonable food there previously. Unfortunately, we enjoyed only average fare compounded by "mixed" service (the younger hostess was extremely nice, the older waitress extremely rude) and at least a 30-minute wait for our entrees. This seems to be a common theme with many of the recent reviews. In sum, I'd skip this place, as there has to be better alternatives in the area.
