4	This Starbucks recently opened and it has been quite the pleasure. Prior to this opening I was always having to wait in the long lines at the Starbucks at Arizona Ave and 202. Now that is one is open, no more long lines! The best thing about this coffee shop is that the inside is HUGE! There is a lot of room for seating and there is a patio if one wishes to enjoy this beautiful March weather. The staff is quite friendly (in fact, they gave me a free coffee the other day) and are always attentive to your needs. There is a drive-thru if you don't wish to use your legs and I've yet to wait more than 5 minutes to get my beverage :)
2	Im not impressed with this new location at all, I guess disappointed would be the right word. Its in a nice area of Chandler with many new buildings going up so I had high hopes entering this store. Its beautiful inside. Spacious with "newer" more modern decor. Although the wait staff is nothing short of unskilled and unprofessional. THREE out of the four times i came the drive through was closed. Whats the point of a drive through if you never use it. I came in at 2pm on a Tuesday. There was one barista ringing in orders and a line of about four people ahead of me. She was one of the slowest cashiers ever, the woman being serviced demanded a gift card for next time due to poor service. When it finally was my turn, I ordered a mocha light frappacino with added whip cream. Thats not being too difficult is it? Apparently to the barista it was. As I waited for my drink the man ahead of me told here she forgot the cream in his coffee and he stood there for about five minutes because she had to "get more half and half" . Ugh. He was visually upset too. Then when my drink was served, it was a coffee frappacino! I told her my order once again and she made me a mocha light frappacino and for got the added whip. Whatever, I give up and leave. Even though this location is convenient...its not worth the headache.
5	I always go to Starbucks but never write reviews for them because they are everywhere, however, this particular Starbucks location was so professional and friendly that I wanted to yelp about it.  It seems rare these days to find great customer service and my vanilla skinny latte was delicious.
4	I am not a Starbucks fan due to its high price. But this location thrive on its friendly staff, always. I take my daughter there everyday after her swimming lesson. The service was great each time we were there. And of course you can stay there in the well decorated room. Due to its west exposure, I would say sitting there in the afternoon was not that pleasant.
5	It's a Starbucks! Franchised food chain that offers exceptional coffee and service. Located on the northeast corner in the target shopping area but not the Starbucks inside the target. Every time I've stopped into this location I have received excellent customer service! They have a drive through which is very convenient and a large lounge area which is nice for doing whatever it is you're going to do at Starbucks while soaking up their free Internet. I recently got turned on to the Starbucks card/app for my iPhone so this has been a pleasurable experience. Now I get all these benefits so why not come enjoy them. This franchise really has their stuff together! Five-star reviews all around
4	Nicest starbucks in the area in my opinion.  Shop is clean, and lots of space to find a quiet place to study.  Decor is cozy.Staff was kind and helpful.  Coffee was great!  Store is open until 9pm on the weekdays.  Drive thru available too.Located in front of Target next to Game Stop and Firehouse Subs.
4	The layout and design of this Starbucks is great.  Lots of space.  Unfortunately, on our visit the team wasn't doing a very good job keeping that space clean.  The trash can is overflowing and the tables need to be wiped down.  They were friendly though and that means a lot in my book so I'm giving them 4 stars for this visit but hope they would focus on the environment a bit more and ensure food items are stocked appropriately.  That'll get them to 5.
1	Iced soy latte for $5 with chunks of spoiled dairy product stuck to bottom of glass.  Unclear if soymilk went bad or they served me spoiled leftovers from another order.
5	I visit this location daily. The staff is always very friendly however one of the managers seems to be a bit annoyed most of the time. Often the drive through line is long and it can take up to 15 minutes! It may be the location but this one is much preferred over the Starbucks up on Arizona/202.
3	I only go to this one because it's right next to where I work. I gave 3 stars because every time I order no whip cream or extra crap on my coffee, I always get it. If you ever go here early morning or after 2 you'll be waiting 15 mins or longer for a coffee. They usually  have like 4 or 5 people working and 2 are usually  not making drinks and the others are busting  their butts  to keep up with things. I just wish this location got people in and out faster, I'm paying 5$ for a coffee...make it worth it!
2	I have visited this location about 5 times due to it's convenience on the way to work. Each time, my drink isn't up to standards. Either they forget this whip, which isn't a big deal (you can add it after), but more often than not my drink just tastes like watered milk. I order a hot Chai with whip. It's not too difficult. And the last 2 times it tasted like there was no chai. The times before that it just tasted super weak. I used to work for Starbucks. For 7 years. I know what a chai should taste like. And although they are usually super friendly at this location, it takes a very very long time for them to make your drink. And twice they made the drink for the customer behind me before she got to the register, but I had to wait 15 minutes for mine. I understand how that works, they were probably regulars who frequent often and you know their drinks by heart. But in the meantime you are losing several potential regulars by making our experience sub par. They need to have a better understanding of where their bottleneck is. If you're sending out drive through drinks quicker than the front of house, you need to focus more on the front of house. Point is, I don't see myself returning. Remember, people often spread word of their bad experience rather than their good experience.
