1	I love my complex. I love my townhouse. I think the HOA Board is doing an incredible job during tough times. I LOATH my management company. Mutual Management simply does not care nor do they respond.I have sent multiple requests for data and assistance to Mutual Management and rarely get a timely or adequate response.Mutual Management uses a "wait them out approach" on most issues. The customer service is non existent. Communication is horrible.I cannot begin to outline the lack of support, care, or service that I have recieved from Jenny at Mutual Managment. Emails and messages are rarely returned. Legitimate questions go unanswered. She lacks the desire or ability to truly support the owners in our community.Steer clear of Mutual Managements community's. You will not be satisfied as an owner.
1	Here is an excerpt from my small claims suit against my HOA because I cannot get Mutual Management to do their job.I initially contacted Mutual Management on 9 Aug 2012 in regards to a single broken roofing tile over my garage.  I spoke to Greg and explained that I would like the HOA to fix the roof.  The HOA agreement explains that among other things the HOA is responsible for roof repairs (HOA CC&R PARAGRAPH 7.1.6).  Greg told me that because it was monsoon season it might be one to two weeks to get it repaired however he would handle it.  Three weeks later on 30 Aug 2012 I explained that it was not repaired and was again told that it would be taken care of.  I contacted Greg the following week on 7 Sept 2012 and twice the week after that on the 11th and 13th of September.  I was advised that he was working on the situation and instead of taking care of it he referred a roofer to me.  The roofer told me that they would take care of the situation shortly. On 30 October I contacted Greg and informed him that the repair was still not complete.  He told me again that he would work on getting it fixed.  I also spoke to the roofer Greg referred to me and was told that they would have it fixed on Thursday 1 November 2012. It remains unrepaired.Finally Greg has explained several times that I should not be concerned because the roofing tile doesn't protect my roof.
1	Terrible Service...I have to constantly fight and argue with those people. Bill, the Vice Presiden is nothing short of a liar and a bigot in my opinion.  I had many email conversations with him where he promises he would address it and later on does nothing about it. Lates is telling me I do not understand the English language due to me having an accent. This company needs to be out of business.
