5	My friend, Norma, 92, who I took care of the last 15 years of her life, spent the last two months of her life at Life Care Center of Paradise valley.Overall I can't complain about the care that Norma received here.  Truthfully, I feel they could probably have used more staff.  However, considering the population they have to work with they do a good job.  Older people who are in rehabilitation from some injuries, it's not an easy job.I would recommend this facility as more than the majority of the employees here really take a a personal concern for the patients.  The rehab staff really takes into consideration the individual needs of those that are there to get stronger.  I saw this happen time and again.  I saw the nurses and aides also show that same concern.  I really appreciated that.  The food is above average for what I would expect.  These people are trying to meet the needs of a great many residents and patients so it doesn't come as fast as you'd expect it.  (This is especially if the person is eating in the dining room.  They do there best.)  When it does come, it is pretty good.  They also will go out of there to get an alternative if the person just doesn't like the meal served.I really want to praise the staff for how they treated ME after I had to make the decision to withdraw all life continuing treatments from Norma. It became obvious that she wan't going to recover and I had to have that talk with her Dr.  What an awful decision to have to make.  That last week, especially those last three days, the staff showed such a concern for me.  I can't tell you how many times the checked just to see how I was doing.  This was the Aides, the Nurses, and the Dr.  It would be difficult to explain how many times those little moments of compassion enabled me to stay by Norma's bedside.  For this I am giving them 5 stars.
2	I can't say I've experienced better but I can't give it an A-OK. My dad had a partial knee replacement and wasn't ready to go home from the hosiptal so my mom and I chose this place. The rehab part of it was fine. The staff were freindly but often left him on the side of the bed and no way to call the nurse. The food was terrible. They would say there was soup before dinner every night but only brought it once.  It seemed a bit disorganized- new people didn't know what to do and had to ask a million questions.The billing was the worst part. :Luckily my mom kept track of everything that they were supposed to pay and every time she got an incorrect bill she would have to call. This happened twice so the third time she went up there in person to speak to them and hopefully got it all resolved.
2	This place was awful , I was there for rehab  the therpists were ok ,there were some awesome Cna's  the food service was really bad no selection and tasted like shit. I wouldnot recommend this place to anyone!
1	Their is nothing lower than one star or even negative. Where to start? FOOD- NOT GOOD, the staff specially Miriam is SUPER NICE(GO TO THE DINNING ROOM, FIRST FLOOR)CLEANLINESS-Over the surface cleaning and the common areas, usually the first floor. Cover your nose if you go to the  second floor!CARE-2 girls (TOTALLY WORTH IT) out of at least 30 i have met. HORRID ODDS not to mention that they have 15-25 patients to 1 nurse. And they split patients from one wing to another on the other wing of the building. WHAT? Really! When I ask how my dad is doing; NO ONE KNOWS! It's usually a I just got here, or a plain "I don't know". Don't they have charts? BATHS- Dogs gets better and more loving baths, I SAW it since I was in the bathroom/bath area. INJURIES: Just NEVER heals, goo on top of goo. ACTIVITIES: I gotta give it to the lady in charge of that she does A TON if the residents want to join. OVERALL:Think about how you would want you mom or dad to be taken care off. And if you are a selfish person and you don't care about your parents. KARMA IS A B#&^!(@ So good luck when you get old! I sure know why I am not a Doctor, Economist, Mechanic, Arquitect to name a few... it's cause I SUCK! Why choose to be in a field like this if you are not CUT for it? I am sure you can go somewhere else and make $10 an/hr! Looking for a different location currently! WHAT A SHAME this PLACE is OVERALL. The 4 people i have met are not enough to make this location worth while anyones time! If you want to get back at your parents, or a friend PUT them here! They might keep them alive... BUT that's about it! Most of the people here are not terminal! They are just old, and have no one to look after them around the clock. They are here to have someone help them with basic needs and maybe show a bit of love while they are here.
5	I recently placed my father there for rehab after his hip replacement. I was hesitant to place my dad anywhere as I'm used to caring for him and believe I do a better job than anyone else would at taking care of him. I was amazed at the care and compassion provided to my dad who is a complete stranger to them. The nurses were very competent and the aids were so kind to him when providing cares that embarass him. My dad doesn't ask for help easily and he didn't even need to ask at life care! They anticipated his needs and just did what needed to be done in a respectful way that didn't make him feel uncomfortable. My dad enjoyed the food there as well which is surprising for a facility of this size. The therapy was fun for him and he told me on many occasions that he was excited about going down to the gym every day. I owe my dads quick and sucessful recovery to the professional staff at life care center of paradise valley. Thank you!
5	I was visiting a friend at life care and i couldn't believe the help and support she is receiving from the staff. Everyone has been very helpful not only to her but myself as well. I definitely recommend the facility, when it comes to helping you get back on youre feet they are on it. Great job guys!
5	My Mom has been at Life Care of Paradise Valley twice in the past 6 months.  When she had another setback/fall at home after her first visit, there was no question where my Dad was going to take her to get her back to health.  My Dad was very happy with her recovery both times.  The therapy/nursing services were top notch and he was so complimentary of everyone that worked there.   They have been married for 58 years and my Dad spent almost every waking minute with her and they encouraged his participation/visits.  I was only able to visit a few times, when I did was glad to encouraged on how clean it appeared and smelled.  Not what I expected from a care home.  My Dad and I are very worried about her continued decline at home, so down the road there is no question where he will put her when she requires 24 hour care.
