4	Decent menu selections, better than average service for a restaurant outside of downtown, and a fair price.  It is hardly authentic, but we dine with our six year old often and Pedro's is a great place for kids or to go after work to watch the game.  They have changed the salsa twice and it still sucks.  I was informed by the manager that the old recipe was 'too spicy' for people in this overgrown Mayberry.  Over all it is decent with pretty good service.  4 stars are for value and service.
1	There really should be some kind of board that gives accrediation to restaurants claiming to be "Mexican." That way the consumer would know that places like Taco Bell, Pedro's and ChiChi's (if they're even still open) are not really Mexican restaurants, even though they purport to be. That way folks wouldn't be fooled into eating at a "Mexican Restaurante" just because there's an "e" at the end of "Restaurant." After my meal at Pedro's, I decided to just hit up Taco Bell the next time I'm in Madison and I want "Mexican." It's just as crappy as this place, but far easier on the pocketbook. This place is an afront to the people of Mexico and their cuisine.
3	By all common sense i should detest this place, over-salted food... check, stereotypical music... yup... includes ranch in food... oh yes. (and then there are the monstrous portion sizes) I keep coming back because they have 1/2 priced margaritas on Thursdays, a fairly decent happy hour, fresh tortillas, fresh ingredients, and decent service.  The food plays to the lowest common denominator so my friends who hate all things not-American food can find something they enjoy. If you want authentic Mexican go to S. Park Street and hit up El Pastor. (for serious) Also If you have to choose between the east side Pedro's or the west side location.. hands down pick the west. (east is a tad dumpy)
2	All I ever get here are the chicken fajitas and those are fairly hard to screw up.  Anything else I've tired here has been sub-par.  Really, the best thing about this place is the freshly-made tortillas.
1	First of all, they charged us to split an entree.  In fact, we had to do the splitting - I guess they charge to have access to an extra plate.  The mushrooms in our enchilada were canned, and then burned.  The ranchero sauce tasted like the red sauce that comes with Spaghetti-O's.   The chips and salsa was less spectacular than the stuff I buy on sale at the grocery store.  The part I depend on most to get me through crappy Mexican food - margaritas - also disappointed.  They tasted like Kool-Aid (but without adequate water) and lacked tequila.  This was all at the west side location, and I hear the east side is even worse.  No vuelvo.
1	Not even the hungriest, rabid infested pack of Chihuahuas would touch this food. All their food is canned process nonsense. It's like Mc Donalds on Mescaline. Now the freshly made tortillas are good, but that's it.
3	I'm not going to lie to you, this food is nowhere near Mexican, but the enchilada suiza is delicious in it's own right (ignore the side dishes, blech!).  The margaritas are delicious, and if you go on half-price Thursdays, very reasonable.  They have a good price on their lunch menu.   I wouldn't say I recommend it necessarily if you are looking for authentic Mexican...buuut, eh, it's tasty once in a while.
5	o.k. it is Pedros, but the baked Friday night fish is the best I had in Madison.  Great texture, spices, the rye bread, chipotle sauce and coleslaw were great too.   Of course the freshly baked tortillas were fattening and awesome.  The atmoshpere is a little off, but a great surpise for Friday fish.
1	Does anyone in Madison consider this a great Mexican food location? Both of my experiences at Pedro's have left me disheartened. They go a little something like this:1. Thursday night. Friends invite me for inexpensive margaritas. Am   approached by a girl who wants me to go out with her father standing 10 feet away, who ironically is the least creepy of the crowd looking to enjoy cheap tequila. Implementing Gym Rules, i.e. baseball cap and hoodie upon my next visit post 9pm.2. Wednesday evening. Dinner with a friend. Server who may or may not go on living if she stops texting, poor quality food and terrible lighting, which is imperative unless practicing G.R. (see above.)Being a girl from the southwest, I have had a great fajita or two in my day. If you are feeling rebellious and decide to go despite the many poor reviews, know this: Mexican food is great, and this is nowhere near that.
3	Let me just get this out of the way. I grew up in Madison and for years this was my favorite Mexican place. I thought it was the best possible place...anywhere. Then I moved to Phoenix and had real Mexican food and now....I wanted to review this place because it's not as bad as some of the other reviewers are making it sound. Their salsa and chips are fresh and some of the best around. They serve you fresh warm tortillas with your meal that go well with anything. Some of the pre-meal quesadillas are fantastic. My favorite dish here is the Bean Burrito with red sauce. The way the beans and cheese are melted together just makes it so craveable. Still, a lot of this food is simply not authentic, and more than a few are on the heavy side. You will walk away feeling full and likely be on the toilet for a little while the next day. There is no way around this.The simple truth is that there is no superb mexican food here in Madison, and Pedro's fits right in to this muddy amalgam of mediocrity. Some things it does well though, and the cheap drinks on a Thursday night usually make for a good atmosphere.
3	Not bad.  They had a great Valentine's Day special that we went here for, and the service was prompt and we got our food quickly.  Our waiter was friendly (they have been whenever I've gone) and the food was pretty tasty.  All in all, not much to separate Pedro's from the other Mexican restaurants in the area, and it certainly isn't the best out there, but decent in price, quality and service for sure (the Seafood Suiza is the best there, in my honest opinion, but all other foods are just ok).
2	I went here last night slummin'.  Uh huh, that's right, I said it.  This is not the go to place for authentic Mexican food, by now most people know this.  It's what many would call "Americanized."  I had the enchiladas suiza.  One with cheese, one with spinach.  The flavors appealed to the "fat American who likes cheese" in me.  The freezer burned spinach with crunchy leaf stems was not so pleasing however.  I wasn't overly offended by anything, because I went in here knowing it would be mediocre Americanized Mexican food complete with kitschy  decor.  Bonuses of the night included well, not much, but hey, the waitress was hot.
4	I like this place... When you go there you know what you are going to get; warm cheesy comfort food, that is definitely not mexican. But if you go there knowing what to expect, you won't be disappointed.Check their name of the day, you get a free meal! And its fun to go for half price margs on Tuesdays and Thursday, which usually coincides with karaoke or the fueling pianos.  I like what one reviewer said though, def don't dress up of you are going to drink here... You will get hit on by creepers and townies.
1	The item you pick for your dinner can quite literally make or break the experience here.  That is, your cheesy, Americanized Mexican food experience.  I tried the vegetarian tamale and it was nothing less than awful.  No cheese anywhere, no flavor, just HOT.  Ok yes, the menu indicates this a "spicy" dish, but it didn't indicate its high degree of suck.  Unfortunately on this particular visit we didn't get a hot waitress.  Instead we got a disenchanted guy who apparently didn't want a very big tip.  His heavy sighs, eye rolls, and general lack of even being around 99% of the time led me to believe he was channeling his inner emo and couldn't be bothered.  We were sat next to a group of teenage girls, which by automatic default says "we hate you and want you to die."  They talked very loudly about their sexual escapades and did that annoying screech laughing.  I get it, I was a teenager once too, but if I could go back in time I'd kick my own teenaged ass.  The food, service, and ambiance was like the time I fell off my motorcycle and got really bad road rash.  I hope I won't be doing that again any time soon.
5	Pedros is a staple in the community.  A great place where you can bring family and friends to have a really good time.  The food is all made fresh, which is great.  For the price and the selection, you really can't beat it.One other thing to mention...  Have had a group event at Pedro's - and also a couple events catered.  The catering menu is great - and they make it really easy.
4	You cannot compare Pedro's to the other big Mexican food presence, Laredo's.  Pedro's has home made tortillas, Laredo's does not.  Pedro's gives you a much bigger bowl of salsa that Laredo's.  I never have to look around for a refill.  But the salsa tastes vary different between the two restaurants.  The Mexican rice at Pedro's is very tomatoey (?)  Service at Pedro's is not as good as Laredo's.  Overall, Pedro's deserves a look.
2	This West location is now CLOSED.   Owner would like to reopen in the future.
2	Opinions are a changing.  Went to Pedros over the weekend.  Tamales were not good.  The sauce had formed a skin on the top because it sat under the heat lamps too long.  I took three bites before I found any pork.  I ate half of one and the waiter asked if I wanted to take the rest home.  When I said no, my satisfaction was not questioned.  I'll stick with Laredos.
1	If I could give no stars, I would have. Coming from Texas, this place is a disappointment. It just sucks. They have real Mexican's working for them, yet they can't even make an even tortilla. They are always puffy, misshapen, to thick etc. Most of the food comes out cold and doesn't even make sense. Disgusting!
1	The west side location was way better. After they shut down I started going to this one. The food isn't as good and the fresh made tortillas are always either hard, cold, or burnt. Half the time I'm there they screw up my order. One time there was a miscommunication between the waitress and my boyfriend which ended up costing us $7. It wouldn't have been that big of a deal if the manager at first told the waitress to tell us she wasn't there and when she did finally come out she didn't apologize, make any effort into making the situation any better, and then started repeating the same thing over and over again so we'd shut up. A couple of my friends and I have decided to never go back here. Hopefully the west side one will open up again.
4	The fajitas were awesome and the tortillas were fresh from the tortilla-machine which was kinda fascinating. Delicious corn cakes. The fish tacos however were shitty, the fish was fishy, dry and not enough of it, Maciek had a dry tortilla, which is weird since they were all fresh and everything. All in all it was pretty good and the service was great, they stayed open way past closing time for us.
4	Stopped at this place on a ride from Minnesota to Chicago, on my way back to california--the beacon of good mexican food in the US...so I was excited to see what this place had to offer! Very friendly staff and reasonable prices on  generous portions. We were started off with the customary chips and salsa, which was quite tasty, and then a fun treat--warm fluffy tortillas which we could put butter or sugar on. These were amazing...I liked this change. I was getting full by this point and the entree hadn't even been served. We also got some guac which was made in a cool manner with some great ingredients table side. Delicious. When my vegetarian tamales finally came, I was already pretty full and managed to eat half of one and a yummy corn cake. The tamale was a little spicy for my taste, but not bad. The margarita wasn't the most amazing, but also not bad. A good little experience passing thru Madison.
1	Danger Will Robinson! Avoid this place. Stale chips, Pace Picante salsa, microwaved food. I ordered a chimi and the middle was still frozen. Server was really slow and did not seem to know the menu. The dining area is extremely shabby: ripped cushions and dingy tables. I do not know why I stayed after the first five minutes.
1	DO NOT EAT HERE!  The food is microwaved and tastes like it came out of a box.  Yes, they have homemade tortillas, but the stomach ailment you suffer from after visiting here is totally not worth it.  Even the drinks are watered down and the place is full of viejitos.Instead, take a short drive to Cuco's on Buckeye Rd off of Stoughton and ask for Diana.  She makes great margaritas :)
2	This place has the potential to be an adult chuck e. cheese for happy-hour-nacho-and-beer-aficionados... however, thats not the experience I had. I sat down and immediately wondered what was in store. What followed (a bland burrito) was both surprising (not in a good way) and disappointing (for the obvious blandness). In short, the food left much to be desired. I did enjoy the kitschy ambiance but it did not make up for subpar food. Venture into this establishment at your own risk.
5	I love this place!  Was sooooo sad when I found out the Wisc Dells location closed.  So, detoured into Madison on the ride home and still got my fix of yummie fresh hot chips and salsa with a tasty strawberry marg.  Onto my fav dish, the Enchiladas seafood suiza, yum.  My fav mexican place to date.
3	Pedro's really only deserves two stars, but more on that later.  Don't come to Pedro's in search of authentic Mexican food.  But there are some things on the menu that are perfectly fine should you find yourself here for some reason, at a loss as to what to order.  I would suggest avoiding most of the menu, which is essentially Tex-Mex T.V. dinner-type fare, except with molten cheese-drowned portions that could feed a T-Rex.  I would suggest, instead, the carnitas fajitas: the pork is very tender and flavorful, and the sauteed vegetables are tasty.  Not authentic--but perfectly fine.  They do have a good Tuesday/Thursday margarita special, though the drinks are too sweet for my taste.  I met my S.O. at Pedro's: hence the extra star.  It will always have a special place in my heart, and I'll keep coming back most Tuesdays for trivia night.
1	Warning: DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PLACE! Terrible service! I've had multiple items on the menu, and they've all been below average. BTW, if you're looking to have a burrito with the usual items (meat, lettuce, tomato, rice, beans, etc) be prepared to have 1 menu option (The 3 lb burrito) that runs you 13-15 dollars, and MORE if you want grilled steak (of which they will give you 5-7 SMALL pieces). Margaritas are OK, but be prepared to wait.
1	Absolute worst Mexican food I have ever eaten, period. It's like Mexican food for people who don't like Mexican food. Much of the food had little taste to it. I would rather eat Taco Bell, and I don't like Taco Bell.
3	Pedro's was some of the better that I have tasted in Madison.  Being from AZ, Mexican food which is "amazing" is hard to find.  Their salsa had a good flavor.  One thing which was great is their tortillas, fresh made and if dipped in the con queso sauce they are even better!  The service was not amazing, drinks were empty a lot.  Overall Pedro's is eatable, if you want authentic Mexican then this is not the place for you.
2	I have to give Pedro's a "good news, bad news" review.  I tried the Camarones wrap -  big mistake.  The shrimp were barely warm and slimy.  The rest of the filling in the wrap was also unappetizing; shredded lettuce and maybe some tomatoes in a disgusting creamy sauce.  After 2 bites I had to give up, I couldn't choke down any more.I give the waiter credit though.  When I complained he offered to bring me something else or take if off the bill with no argument.  My party ordered the "table" Guacamole, a 2 avocado version mixed to your preference at the table.  That was very good. So try the table guac, but give the shrimp wrap a pass.  The waiter was also truly nice.  So like I say, good news, bad news.
2	Pedro's is a place that I remember fondly from my childhood. We used to eat there from time-to-time when I was a kid.  Sadly, the place hasn't seemed to evolve much since the 80's.  We went for an early dinner one night before seeing a show in Madison.  We were seated at about 4:30 pm, and were the only ones in the dining room.  The decor is 80's "americanized Mexico." It looked exactly as I remember it from years ago.  It did seemed to be kept up.I was really looking forward to the hot fresh tortillas they used to serve.  There is a tortilla maker in the middle of the dining room.  Unfortunately, the machine wasn't running.  I can understand that since the place was pretty empty, but the tortillas they gave us were dry and hard.  They had been sitting out for awhile.  That was a bit disappointing.I had a burrito, it was ok.  Nothing too exciting.  In the 80's and 90's it would have been great, but Mexican food in Wisconsin has gotten so much better over the years.  I still love their chips and salsa, though!  However, that probably isn't enough to bring me back again anytime soon.
1	Badger game disappointment! Watered down drinks, slow service and rude management! My husband and I have watched many badger games at Pedro's. Good drink specials and multiple TVs have made this our go to spot for years. The service is always slow and the food is just decent but it's a good spot to watch a game...Tonight was a completely different story! My Guinness tasted just like water, I suspect it was watered down. Our service was super slow. We were there for over 30 minutes before we received chips and salsa. The chips were hot but they needed salt. Their salsa tasted like ketchup. Once we ordered, again our food took forever. My cousin asked for sour cream and waited another 20 minutes for it. My food was ok. The tamale was actually pretty good. It needed spice though.The kicker was when the manager, Brett, started changing the channels shortly after halftime! We asked the waitress what was going on. We came for a badger game. Our menus had badger specials, FB also listed their badger specials. Having just received our food... Yes it took two quarters, we couldn't relocate to another establishment. Apparently, there was a UFC fight on. We asked to speak to management, this is when we met Brett.We asked about the game. He refused to turn the game back on stating that they paid $2000.00 for the UFC fight and they were going to show it. I looked around at the sea of red and asked him what his current demographic/ customer base thought of missing the second half of the game. He again referenced the cost. His solution was to have us move tables in the middle of our dinner to be in view of a smaller tv with no sound! Worst of all was when I told him we wouldn't be returning because of this he said,"Ok." He clearly doesn't care about his customers! Awful!
2	The only thing good about this place is Tuesday and Thursday is half price Margaritas... That and they have a chip, salsa, cheese and bean buffet with that.
4	The food was really really good. Fast and courteous service.  The prices and menu selection was very reasonable. I plan on returning for future visits.
3	Food is ok. Fajitas were pretty good. Enchiladas left much to be desired. Service is ok, kind of slow especially if you have 8 or more people. Table is served the standard chips and salsa. Also served fresh tortillas and butter which I have never seen anywhere else and were very good.
4	I love hosting large groups here! They are so accommodating, will do separate checks and provide excellent customer service. I've had at least 5 events with parties of 20+ people (sometimes even last minute) and they don't bat an eye. The food is pretty good and they have a very large bar selection. The tortillas are fresh and my favorite dish is the shrimp fajitas.
3	Pedros is a decent chain for Mexican Resturants, however it comes no where near the good authentic stuff you can have down south!Starting off with the chips and salsa is always so good, but so filling, by the time my food comes, its all I can do to eat more!  The tortillas are also to die for, a little butter and they are heaven!Chick Enchiladas Suiza are the only way to go! I always have a side of corn cakes as they are delicious!
2	Service at the bar was good, food not so good.  My fault for ordering mashed potatoes at a Mexican restaurant.  Entree size very small for the price.
4	great fresh tortillas and chip and ask salsa ask for the hot salsa reasonable priced kids menu even better deal on sundays love the seafood burrito with shrimp good enchildas probarly not true authentic mexician but my family has always liked it good place for large groups service is solid we come as much as any sitdown resturant in town
3	Top 3 high/low lights1) interior is kind of dumpy/old2) great service3) average quality foodHad dinner at Pedro's on a recent weeknight. I had never been before but have always noticed that the place looks a little dumpy/weathered from the outside. Sometimes restaurants that don't look like much from the outside can end up being amazing so we decided to give it a try. The inside of the restaurant is also older looking and probably in need of a refresh. However , the place is gigantic and it was nice to be seated right away. The service was quick and we were bought a basket of chips and salsa (gluten free!) and a basket of warm flour tortillas (sadly not gluten free). I had a mango margarita (Pedro's has lots of options for their house margs) which was great. They have a gluten free menu within their standard menu and as with most Mexican restaurants there are lots of g free options. I had tacos in corn tortillas with veggies and rice on the side. The food was just ok, not awful but not stellar either. The veggies and rice were luke warm which was disappointing. My boyfriend had the fajitas which he said were "just ok" as well. I wouldn't mind stopping in again if I am in the east side of town but wouldn't go out of my way to come here.
3	I last visited Pedro's in the mid 1990s, so it's been a while since I've swung-in. A large group of us arrived after a show on Friday, April 18. There were 15 of us, and it was 10:45pm.Despite us wandering-in so late, and despite the fact that the crew had mostly cleaned-up for the night (we were the only people there), the staff was *extremely* friendly, accommodating, prompt, and helpful. + It looks exactly the same as I remember it from back in the day+ Decent tap selection+ INCREDIBLE tap prices - I got a 32oz mug of Lake Louie for $6- Cadillac margarita was served warm (despite being on rocks) - not sure how that happened, but it happened twice. - Cadillac margarita delivered a nice headache the next day. That's unusual, as we normally don't experience one when we have "good" tequila. I'm uncertain what type of tequila they use in the cadillac version, but I suspect it was still closer to "rail"+ Good chips and salsa, and they were complimentary, even though we didn't order any other food+ Tons of seating options- Tables/chairs - looking a little dated and some were quite wobblyAll-in-all, this was a great option for our group, and I couldn't have been any happier than I was with the service. It was really, really outstanding. I'd return for drinks and appetizers again.
4	Pedros serves up everything you would want from an Americanized, cheesey Mexican restaraunt. They have some over the top mariachi music playing in the dining room, fake parrot cages hanging from the ceiling, free chips and salsa, solid service, gigantic burritos smothered in cheese and a ginormous variety of margaritas. While I won't venture to say this represents anything close to legitimate Mexican cuisine, it is exactly what the doctor ordered for like 95% of Madisonians.My favorite things about this place:-Fresh tortillas, pressed and warmed in the dining room-Flavored Margarita variety, because Strawberry should be standard, but blue is something to be applauded-Corn cakes - don't waste your sides on anything else, double down on these guys-Karaoke in the bar with super cheap margarita mugs-Seafood Suiza - even with olives (yuck) this is my favorite enchilada anywhere-Fried Ice Cream - this place is where it was invented as far as I'm concernedPro tip: Don't order off the menu for your kids, a buttered tortilla with crushed up chips and a little salsa is probalby the best thing they have, and its not even on the menu. Pretty awesome, don't knock it til you try it.
2	Bad service. Waiter was rude and obnoxious.  We never got refills on drinks or salsa. The menus were sticky. Fajitas came out w literally one tablespoon of cheese..we live in Wisconsin! !! The chimichangas were on point though.
2	Holy hell, what happened to this place?? This had been my go-to place for beans-and-rice Mexican in Madison for the better part of two decades, and I had converted my wife into a Pedro's fan. I'd had past or present Madison residents take issue with my insistence that Pedro's was a great casual dinner place, but I took that as part and parcel of Madison's legendary disdain for anything that's not edgy/hip/contemporary/iconoclastic/whatever. And old-school American-Mexican food is certainly none of the above, plus it represents one of the the greatest societal faux-pas of our time -- *gasp!* -- cultural appropriation! Unfortunately, it turns out any snobbery -- incidental or otherwise -- toward Pedro's may be warranted. My wife and I stopped in for the first time in 3 or 4 years and we were both sorely disappointed with our experience. The burrito is smaller than it used to be -- I suppose that's how they've been able to hold the line on prices so the size reduction is probably justified -- but my wife's fajitas were chewy, and both dishes lacked that "kick" that they used to have. Our quesadilla appetizer arrived luke-warm and was nearly rock-hard within minutes.The premises haven't changed in the nearly 20 years I've been eating there and it's starting to show its age. Service was adequate, no more no less. which would be fine if everything else up to par.  In short, Pedro's lacks that extra spark that used to make it worth a special stop when visiting or passing through town. Not to mention the Mexican cuisine options have exploded in Madison in the last 20 years, so one would think Pedro's would need to step up their game rather than rest on their laurels. Looks like we'll be checking out the newer competitors on our next visit to Madison.
3	I hadn't been to Pedro's in years, since I lived in the area. It was never one of my favorite places in Madison, but I did enjoy it occasionally. I'm generally underwhelmed by the Americanized Mexican places that dot maps of most towns.Having just returned from a trip to Seattle and wanting to sit down in an air conditioned building and have some okay food, my dad recommended Pedro's. It seemed like a fine option at the time. Not terribly adventurous, but I just had my adventure and I had to accommodate my dad's less-than-thrill-seeking palette.The salsa was actually better yesterday than I ever remember it being in the past. It was very thick and tomato-ey, with just a tiny hint of kick. I'd have preferred it to be a bit hotter, myself, but again, being with the parental unit meant keeping to something a bit more tame.I had the asada burrito, and my dad had the chili burrito. Mine was fine; long strips of pepper and onion mixed in with some cubed steak (actually, I would recommend cutting the veggies to about half their length...they're too easy to pull completely out of the tortilla when you go to get a bite). I had a side of refried beans and rice; these were obviously simple sizes for the cooks because they were clearly just microwaved. It was easy to tell because the rice was pretty dry. The chili burrito was exactly what my dad was hoping for, so there's that.All in all, if you know what you're in for it's very standard American-Mexican fare. As an aside, the previous time I was here a few years ago they had this fantastically gay waiter named Jimmy. He was outrageously friendly and chatty and actually sat down at our booth with us to chat about Plan B and the LGBT scene in Madison. It was a fun time!
4	Pedro's is my favorite Mexican resturant in Madison. I miss the one located on the West Side of town, but food is good at any Pedro's location. My favoirte thing is their pressed and warmed tortillas (they are a sweet treat if you butter them and put some sugar on them). They have good complimentary chips and salsa in the dinning area. And anything I have had on their menu is great. My go to order is the shredded chicken burrito. I have even gotten the three pount burrito and split it with my Fiancee. Favorite margarita flavor is peach!
1	Oh, Pedro's, palace of mediocrity. I've been to Pedro's a handful of times over the years, but last night was a nightmare. I will not go back.We sat in the bar area, as there was a 15 minute wait for a table in the dining area. That was fine, but the bar was a clusterfrak of odd people. But whatever, we were there for margaritas and mediocre tacos. We knew what we were getting ourselves into. There was a sign on the wall that said "Moon Man only $2.00" and I was super excited. New Glarus Moon Man is my favorite beer, and this was a bargain price! Sadly, the beer I was served was not Moon Man. I asked the bartender lady, "Is this Moon Man or Blue Moon" and she promised it was Moon Man. She smiled and said, "I tried it last night, it's kinda lemony isn't it?" Moon Man is hoppy and delicious, but not overly lemony. This mystery beer Pedro's is claiming to be Moon Man tastes weirdly of margarita syrup and I was really disappointed. Also, the behind-the-bar area is nasty and needs a good cleaning/gut job.The food was worse than I remember it ever being, and my friend's sampler platter featured a god-awful steak quesadilla. As I was eating my chicken taco, I kept thinking how it was so much worse than a shredded chicken taco I had a Taco Bell recently. The problem with that is the fact that the TB taco was $5 cheaper.At one point, the bartender went from merely okay to completely unprofessional. I understand that she was the only bartender working on a very busy Thursday, but still. She pretty much yelled at some customers for asking her to ring up their bill. When they said their waitress hadn't checked back on them for a very long time, the bartender still insisted they find their waitress and deal with it. Terrible customer service.If you want decent Mexican food, go elsewhere. If you are craving a margarita, go elsewhere. After several very underwhelming visits and one horrendous one, I'm convinced that this is not a place I want to support. With the closure of the Westside location, and the poor reviews of this East location, I'm surprised this place is still open. Avoid.
