4	at charleston and decatur this place is a swapmeet hip hop shop with great prices-like Pro Club 4x-5x for $5 and Shorts & Jeans for $10, lots of no-name brands too. Great spot for something unusual.
3	I went to Gen X clothing a few days ago in search of some new work jeans. Gen X was recomemded to me by a fellow co-worker because they offer low price good looking hip hop inspired jeans and other urban wear. One thing I noticed browsing through their selection was the lack of deniem in my size. Most sizes availble were 36 and above. They had excellent prices and most designs mirrored the major fashion brand names of the current day. The staff was helpful even considering I was unable to find a sutable pair at their store. I will try to return when they get a little more stock of 32's in.
5	$2 belts. $5 pants. $7 shirts. $10 shoes. This, and the North Las Vegas store are the reason why I had to ship numerous boxes home from vacation. Holy CRAP!!! I was around the corner doing my laundry at Magic Wash (in the same plaza) when, on my way over to the dollar store, stumbled across this place. It's primarily "urban wear" - ghetto clothing - but some of it is a little less "gun toting", and they have some cool shoes. Yes, I was able to assemble a whiteboy rapper outfit there and wear it out on the strip, but I did also go home with lots of shirts and belts and pants and shoes that I can wear every day. How this place makes a profit off of selling pants styled like $100 pants for $5 I will never know.
3	My brother brought me to this store to do some christmas shopping. I am low on cash this year since the recession started but didn't want to get cheap stuff that wont last long at all. He comes here to get his long T's that are only $5. I bought some long T's and jackets for others for xmas. There are a lot of Urban Clothing here, but no name brands on the shelves. The quality of the clothes are pretty good too considering their price. The womens section is HUGE, great for clubbing wear! They also have nice shoes and a small jewelry and accessories area by the register! I am a frequent shopper here, i do recommend to at least check it out!!
