3	Anecdote is a cute little diner that strikes the perfect balance between cute and cheesy. The dining room is full of small, red vinyl booths, and short counter with about six stools. The walls are spotted with old black and white photos of indiscernible characters, and a vintage cash register sits at the end of the bar. Service was quick at first, and quite adamantly in french. Later into the meal it trailed off - we weren't offered a coffee until after our plates had been cleared. We were in for breakfast, and both of us opted for simple two egg plates (about $7 a piece including meat). The food was nothing special, although the potatoes were certainly homemade and tasty. I might opt for their slightly more extravagant lunch menu in the future. Overall, it was a fun experience. If you're looking for a traditional diner atmosphere with acceptably tasty, reasonably priced food, give l'anecdote a try.
2	Hmmm... yes, this place is nice and cozy inside.But it has weird hours for a diner - kicked out at 10 pm?? Don't expect to settle in here with your friends for a night of milkshakes and hangouts.Service was kind of spotty. I had to get up to ask questions/get water, at least a couple of times.Worst thing of all: they fry everything in peanut oil!! BEWARE. If you have any friends who are allergic to peanuts, like one of mine, do not go here or s/he won't be able to eat! Most restaurants don't do this anymore. What's the deal?
4	I love this quirky little diner a hop skip from gorgeous Park Lafontaine. It's usually jammed on the weekends with the brunch crowd and I'm not often in that neighborhood but last week I went for lunch with a friend and was reminded how sweet that spot can be. Any place with booths generally wins me over (especially if they are red or black...) and Anecdote indeed has booths 1950's diner style and the back section also has a raised area with kitschy tables and chairs. The staff are friendly and attentive - this time round' the waitress quickly confirming there was no dairy in the soup of the day that my lactose-intolerant friend had ordered.Now I'm by no means a vegetarian but I remember going there for the veggie club and fries which was memorable. After scanning the comprehensive burger list (friends swear by their classic Anecdote burger and they have some other interesting options like 'cerf', 'bison' etc.) I settled on a tofu-dog all dressed and fries. It was exactly what I wanted and the whole meal was under $6.00! They also have a really adorable kids menu for $4.95 and under - so family-friendly as well. Things can get pricey though as sides are extra but generally the prices are reasonable for what you get. They also have many great breakfast options...
5	L'Anecdote is an adorable little diner that has so much going for it. Park yourself on one of the red seats in the old school diner booths and soak in the atmosphere. The counter in the back, the glass bottles of Coke and ketchup like in the old days, the vintage portraits up on the wall... the decor will rock you gently back to a softer and more innocent time. The menu offers classic diner food: burgers, fries, bagels, pancakes - it's all there. The only thing missing is milkshakes. I had a bagel (from local St Viateur bakery) with cream cheese, which came with a really fresh and tasty side salad. The service was friendly and efficient. I can't wait to go back!
5	Now this was a pleasant surprise. I must have walked passed this place 1000 times and never really got what it was. They changed their sign, stated what they do, and I went in. Very pleased with this discovery. I liked the food. I liked the service. I loved the retro diner look. i LIKE it!
4	A hidden gem! I had often spied l'Anecdote while biking along the Rachel bike path but never thought much more about. Then someone who lives nearby mentioned going there for breakfast most weekends, and an acquaintance mentioned having a great burger there. So when my partner and I found ourselves less than a block away, famished, it was time we tried it out. Are we ever glad we did!.When you first enter the restaurant it appears tiny. It isn't huge, but there is a back area that provides more seating. Everything is retro cool, right down to the jukebox. The staff are pleasant. Its a comfy place.The food!  We each ordered a burger, and neither of us ordered the standard beef!  I had the pesto chicken burger, and I was pleasantly surprised it wasn't a standard chicken breast, or even worse a generic chicken patty, but instead a yummy patty made of ground chicken, perfectly seasoned!  The burgers do not automatically come with sides, so we shared a poutine.  The standard size was perfect for sharing.  The gravy was delicious, so much so that I look forward to going back and trying a hot chicken sandwich or hamburger steak.
4	Tasty burgers and fries.  Loved mine with a root beer.   They were accomodating to our baby, and provided a highchair. Decor is very retro-diner and a bit tired.... Having read reviews, I thought it was going to be diner decor but in a stylish way... but it's actually just diner decor in a leftover way.  But the food is good, and the crowd seemed to be steady, so it's still something good!
4	Where has this place been since living in the plateau???? I love it!! The old school look they have going on. The food is fairly tasty. I went for brunch and was not disappointed. Really good eggs benedict.
4	So we arrived in Montreal late on a Friday night, and a relative brought us here. As soon as I spotted it, I fell in love! It looks like this is an actual diner from the 40's (they've kept the visual integrity/consistnacy of it. They have booths (!), the interior is fantastic and the staff are friendly and professional! Oh, and did I mention? I had the lamb burger - ABSOLUTELY THE BEST BURGER EVER!!!!!!!!!! Juicy, tender, succulent. MMMM!!! And the fries? Well, I'm not really a french fry person (I'm picky - need em well done, crispy exterior - none of that fakey mashed fast food inside) and they were great! Oh and they also serve you Coca-cola in those cute little (Coca-cola) bottles for an even more authentic experience. The prices are good as well. I want their burger now!! I can't want to go back!
5	Had the classic burger ... So on point! Try the poutine just because you are in Montreal and that is a staple in the town :-) My son loved it! Scraped his plate!
