5	My family and I have been going to this mechanic for over 10 years after my mom found them through a Christian business listing book (I believe). They are honest and friendly. I have had nothing but good experiences with them.
5	We've been going here for a few years and he's the only mechanic we trust.  We take all our commercial as well as my personal vehicles here.  I cringe at the thought of having to take my cars somewhere else because I just know Jeff will be honest and I'm not sure about the other companies out there.
5	I can't believe there's only one review of this business!  I'm even more surprised how old that one review is!  I discovered Rayco about 4 years ago I think.  My only complaint is I don't live closer to them.Rayco earned my trust (which is a BIG deal when it comes to mechanics right?) when I visited them after visiting two MAJOR chains around here (don't know if I can name them here).  Those two other shops kept me searching for answers because both of them quoted me high prices for a lot of work.  The sad part was both shops gave me different answers to my car's problem!  Both quotes were in the hundreds of dollars.  Neither shop gave me an adequate explanation for all the work they quoted.  It seemed that they were just quoting me an overhaul of some systems, kind of like shooting a bunch of arrows and figuring they'd fix the problem with a lot of ammunition.  Ridiculous.I don't remember now who referred me to Rayco, but I was SO relieved when their quote was under a hundred bucks, and they plainly showed me what the repair was and time proved them right.I've gone back a couple of times for other work, and I've been happy with that work too.
5	Jeff and his guys at Rayco Car Service are spectacular! A friend of mine referred me to Jeff a few years ago and I have nothing but good things to say about Rayco! Honesty in the car repair industry is hard to find, but honesty and fair pricing is right here. I love that Rayco is located on the light rail, so dropping off the car for service doesn't mean I'm stuck or need to get a ride.I highly recommend Rayco! This is my preferred place to go for service on my car.
5	I have been a loyal customer since 1997, and I don't have to go anywhere else. Jeff and his crew take care of you like you're family. No gimics, no scams, no run arounds. I have recommended him to friends and family without hesitation. You won't find a better place.
