4	Your downtown stop for kitchen wares, wine glasses, photo albums, and picture frames.  You know, those gifty gifts you give to those whom you do not know well and maybe those who are close to you. (you know your BFF's the winos who have no wine glasses?)  There is also a wide selection of home decor stuff. (and I actually mean wide selection for a small store on State Street)  Every time I have purchased something here it has been carefully packed for me and  beautifully gift wrapped. (The latter upon request.)  Also Tellus Mater has had some AMAZING Maxwell Street Days sales in the past.
5	This is the first place I come when I want fun/unique gifts that are not grossly over-priced.  Even if I don't find anything in the way of a gift, I do have a good time looking around at all the cool stuff they always have!
5	I like this place a lot, but pretty much everything they carry can be had for a lot less money, albeit often with fewer frills, somewhere else.That said, they are a GREAT source of gifts, especially for people who like to cook--my dad collects cookie cutters and they have a massive selection of those, as well as all kinds of nice cake pans and baking/serving dishes and whatnot.  I've also gotten a number of novelty silicone ice cube trays here--what can I say; I love heart-shaped (and strawberry-shaped and star-shaped and shell-shaped) ice cubes.They also carry a very nice selection of Japanese pottery--tea and sake sets, bowls of varying sizes, etc.  I'm a bit spoiled by having lived in both Tokyo and the Bay Area, but for the upper Midwest, the selection is actually pretty decent and reasonably priced.
4	Monkey potato peelers! hahaha.And other fun shenanigans to stuff your kitchen.  Perfect place to visit when you want to get something for a foodie, wine-o, your friend into home decor, and of course beautifully made cards and stationary.  They have things that you don't really need, but would like to have. Strawberry stem remover, anyone?
4	First and foremost, the one huge downside to this place is that almost everything is really reallllly overpriced.  That's the only reason I can't give 5 stars.That being said, I always like to stop in here and look around.  They've got some really neat stuff, and I find that they sometimes get some new products in before the big box stores.  I always bring a lunch to work or school with me so I'm always looking for good, durable, and leak-proof containers and this place has tons of them.  They have the absolute best lunchbox soup containers.  But mostly I wanted to review this place because there's a young girl who works here who is always super helpful and friendly.  And even if I don't buy much here I'm always willing to come back because they have really good customer service.
4	Holy crap!Have you been inside this place? Question: What's a classier more updated more posh version of Spencer Gifts? It's sort of like if Bed Bath & Beyond and that place had a baby and that baby is the most creative, witty, practical, can't find it anywhere else little tot, except he's not a tot, he's HUGE... cause this place goes on for DAYS.Walking past it on State Street you might think it small, or you might think they stock the same ole stuff that every other home/decor place on State does, but no, no no... inside is a kitchen, bath, office, laundry, storage emporium with really cool finds I haven't seen anywhere else in town, and I've seen a bit. They have quirky clocks and space saving garbage cans and wall decals and funky toothbrush holders and napkins in 50 shades of grey/red/black/blue/orange and placemats and more oven mitts than I thought possible in one location... I'll stop. But what's even cooler, they have history. The store has been in existence for 54 years, passed down from generation to generation. While they weren't always on State, they've created a happy little home. And you MUST go inside if simply to ask them what Tellus Mater means.
