5	It's nice to feel alive even when everything around you hasn't yet bloomed; it's nice that, even in such a cold spring, that you can be surrounded by blooming flowers; and it's especially nice to experience the senses: the smells of aforementioned flowers, and the eye popping colors and designs that coat. That's what you get when you come to Fair Oaks Nursery, and more.Staff are all super friendly and appreciate the business. Things are a little more expensive here than that of Menards, but the quality of care is much more extensive. They love plants, they're super knowledgable about plants, and they want your plants to live and so they give great tips on how to maintain what you've purchased.Speaking of purchasing, when it came to checking out, I realized I had grabbed 12 perennials by accidental necessity, and so I was rewarded another perennial for free via their rewards coupon I received at checkout. Also got five dollars off of my purchase for spending over $50, without even knowing or asking about these deals. Great people, great plants, great earth. Love it.
4	With last year's closure of Johannsen's, I was looking for a new source for flowering annuals for my gardens.  I am not a fan of shopping for these plants at the big box stores, since they tend to be spindly and root bound.  I am willing to pay a little extra for quality plants and after reading fellow Yelper Cody D's recent review of Fair Oaks Nursery, I decided to check that place out.Visiting for the first time, I needed help getting acclimated to the layout of the nursery.  We asked one of the staff members if he could assist and despite the fact the store was slammed with customers, he patiently walked me over to the location of the specific plants I sought.  The plants were in great condition, with stocky stems and healthy roots.  Pricing was more than the big box stores, but in line with other local nurseries like Bruce Co and Jung's. The nursery is a lot larger than it looks.  I admit I have driven by this place dozens of times and had no idea they stock a broad inventory of shrubs and trees.  Their perennial selection is limited, but I am spoiled by the extensive inventory found at the Flower Factory in Stoughton.There is no parking lot for the nursery, but there is plenty of street parking on Gateway Place.Based on my favorable first impression, I definitely will be frequenting Fair Oaks Nursery over the course of the growing season.  Thanks Cory D!
4	I have been here a few times within the last few months. I love that it's close to me, everyone who works here is nice and seems knowledgeable. They have a perennial punch card which rocks. They seems to have a decent amount of plants to choose from.
4	I needed a few straw bales for insulation (long story). They had plenty of them available, although they were slightly more expensive than some competitors. I'll take the convenience of them being located in my 'hood and happily pay the extra few bucks in exchange.Staff was friendly and helpful - they helped carry the bales to my vehicle, which was an unexpected surprise and benefit.I'm a fan!
