4	Quick, efficient, clean.They have a bunch of trucks, a large staff and tons of moving and storage supplies.  All that translates into the best U-Haul rental place I've used in my many years in Vegas.
3	Was helping my sister move. Not sure what to expect from a U-Haul. The staff was friendly and insured I knew everything I needed. It did take a long time but I would presume it's the nature of the business.
2	SLOW. Slow getting propane, and was surly. slow renting vehicle (took almost an hour). Tire was low and then needed replacing. On the upside they took a day off rental.
5	After getting screwed over by another U-Haul location just a few miles away, this location had the truck ready for us by the time we pulled in. Outstanding customer service and no hassles. Good job!
2	Slow service, staff lacking knowledge . Staff is more interested in talking amongst themselves then helping customers.
5	I recently was in Henderson, NV for a business trip and had to pick up a uhual for my client. Upon arriving to Henderson from Los Angeles, my car broke down. This meant that the Uhaul became my solo transportation during the process. I was so grateful that Uhaul was able to bump up my reservation and make accommodations for my request! Life saver. Thank you.
1	This place made the mistake of sending a customer service survey. Oh dear. Under the section for "Do you have any comments?" they found the following:"Inform renters what they can expect to pay. I booked a van ready to pay $19.99 plus some mileage. Nowhere on the site did I see a requirement for $100 deposit that had to be put on plastic, even though I had cash in hand anticipating that there might be a deposit. Now I'm struggling to make it to the next payday because I'm waiting to get the deposit back.Furthermore, your staff could stand to be nicer. The girl was not even making an effort to try to help us around the deposit situation, forcing us to make an extra trip when we were in a time crunch.I will not recommend this particular location. It hurts the brand image of U-Haul."Hell hath no fury like a Yelper scorned.
