2	This place is okay.  If I am going to consume a days worth of calories in one meal, however, this is not my first choice of venues.  Go to Carolina's instead.  Trust me.
2	Well put sarah... but if you want a super quick place for lunch they get you in and out... the food is to be expected... burrtios from a chain resturant...
3	Qdoba at Park Central Mall is the only Qdoba located in the state of Arizona. Is there a reason for this? I'm not sure, but if you want a decent burrito in a hurry then check this place out. Consistently during the busy lunch rush, there is a line out the door and beyond for Qdoba. Maybe I'm missing something or maybe its patrons are just doing the best with the closest selection of lunch places to choose from. You get the standard fillings... beef, chicken, pork and your choice of beans and cheeses. It's fairly run of the mill and I've been to better "fast food" burrito places. More than likely I'd go to the competition first, but if I'm running out of time before work and I'm craving a burrito that isn't obtained by making a run for the border, I might be tempted to go again.
4	i dont eat the burritos here. i'm that annoying person who gets the same thing every time (chicken nachos) --- but why fix something that isn't broken?! yes, the caloric level is ridiculous... i even took off a star for it. but its cheap. and good. and reminds me of college.
2	Qdoba was recommended through a co-worker who assured me they were "just as good as Chipotle". Well, being just across Thomas and 10-15 minutes closer made it infinitely more convenient. Almost walkable, if you don't mind getting flattened by the new Light Rail whizzing by. As Stephen Wright says, "Anywhere is walking distance....if you have the time."Well......about halfway through my fajita ranchera burrito, I'm already sadly disappointed. Taste, quality and price are all below my precious Holy Sepulchre of the Chipotle temple. First off, I decided to try the fajita, since it's what I get from (angels sing) Chipotle, so it would make the best comparison. I always ask for, and get, some extra peppers/onions for a perfect, albeit "Chain", burrito. So I was a little shocked by the "We'll have to charge you for that" response. For about 4 pieces of pepper and onion. No joke. Hard times, Qdoba??The rice is thinner and smaller than Chipotle's, and the burrito instantly fell apart. I guess they need to send their employess to the same rolling-and-folding school that Chipotle includes in their tuition reimbursement benefits.The final price was over $9, 2 bucks more then I pay at Chipotle for the same - no, better - food.Sorry, Qdoba, Jeffrey doesn't want burritos with good taste, he wants burritos that taste good! (and cost less)
2	This might fall under the category of "too much Information" but... In the last two weeks I've been in 4 meetings catered by Qdoba and an hour or so after each meal I've had the worst indigestion. Wow, how do I spell r-e-l-i-e-f??? I need some now. I hope no one in the cubes outside my office can hear the belching or they will think I've been swilling brewskis at lunch. The first time I thought might be an anomaly, but today was the 4th...buuuuurp...lunch and...buuuurp....there it goes again.
3	The ever evolving menu changes again, But a coupon made it a decent buy.I will admit my co workers 2 for 1 coupon is why we went in. This means ~3.25 per burrito vs the usual $6 range.What I didn't like was that my vegetarian burrito did not have vegetables in it, it was just a bean and rice burrito with guacamole. I don't know how one gets the grilled veggies in their burrito but it is not by ordering a vegetarian burrito.The drink and napkin station here has always been a bottleneck, getting a refill or more napkins is nearly impossible.I do like the fact there there is Choula sauce in addition to the red and green tobascos. And I also like that the chairs are not nearly as bad as those at chipotle.The best tip this time is get in before 12, otherwise be prepared for a long long line.
4	It has been a good year or two since I have eaten here last and I'm not sure why. Today reinforced how much I like this place. To me, Qdoba falls into the Chipotle category although I feel the portions are definitely more generous than Chipotle. I like to get the Naked Chicken Burrito which is essentially a burrito with no tortilla. So, basically the Chipotle burrito bowl. It is just under $6 and enough for two meals. I'll instantly halve it when I get home to prevent me from overeating. It is very good. Their guacamole is very good, too. They also have a pick 2 combo for $6 and gives you smaller portions of your choice of the naked burrito, mexican soup, tacos, cheese quesadilla, etc. The other thing I like about this place is the rewards program and also how nice the employees always are. Like I said, it has been a long time since I have been back and I always comment on how friendly the employees are. Good sign.
2	I have always been pretty satisfied with these wanna be Chipotle's. Been to a lot of different Qdoba's and the food and service has been  consistently solid.Until I spent half an hour at this place. I was one of only 3 customers to come in the whole time. When I walked in both female employees were sitting at one of the tables and chit chatting. They didn't look happy that I walked into their empty restaurant and interrupted their conversation. One of the girls got up and dragged herself to the counter to see what I wanted. Told her chicken ancho burrito. After she heats up the tortilla she asks me if I want chicken or pork. Not a big deal, but try and pay attention, I know you are extremely busy and all. When I pay I ask why they are so slow. She says they have been slow all day. Whatever. Get my drink and there's trash at the beverage counter, there's 3 empty napkin holders, trash on the floor, and 4 tables with trash on them. You would think if they were slow all day the place would be spotless. As I sit there eating my (actually quite tasty) burrito the girls head back to their table and keep on yapping. Fail!You barely get the 2 stars because the burrito was good.
2	I write reviews because a place deserves my attention.This time it's because I'm PISSED.I'll echo and reinforce what was said earlier, with my own experience.I go to this Qdoba maybe once a week because it's near my work and I can walk to it. I guess I have to open my mouth more so I get what I want instead of assuming that I'll get good portions of what matters, like in (angels sing) Chipotle or Baja Fresh.I order a steak burrito. I was the only one in there.She steams the tortilla."Chicken or steak?"PAY ATTENTION!!!Another time I went in, this most recently last week, I get the same thing. I always say light rice and get it fine. Different woman from the previous paragraph gives me this look like "I dare you to say something" as she totally skimps on the steak with a sprinkling of half a spoonful, like a dog testing you to see what she can get away with. What is this, war rationing?! You give less so you can take home more at the end of the day?I talked to my friend about this and he says yeah, he always hears people asking for more this or that.Cilantro rice..... where's the cilantro? You mean that speck right there?I'M GETTING A STEAK BURRITO, not a steak flavored pinto bean and rice burrito!! GIVE ME THE FULL SPOONFUL!!!!"Hard times, Qdoba?" Methinks so. I too have noticed the newly thin tortilla that ruptures every time.I think the guac put on your burrito is half the price of Chipotle, so that's a saving grace,  and this place gets 2 stars because it's delicious as long as I get my burrito my way, as in micro-managing portions as it's being made.ADDENDUM:The GUYS don't pull any BS and have their head screwed on straight.Just found out now. Decent burrito.ADDENDUM #2 June 27,2011:If there's trace amounts of pico in the container, don't scoop up THREE chunks of tomato and put it on my burrito and then look at me like "what's next?" and it's OK and normal. IT IS NOT. STOP THINKING I'M F-ING STUPID AND WILL ACCEPT IT.Refill that pico container, I'll wait.YES I'm gonna tell you how to do your damn job --------Distribute the ingredients somewhat evenly along the length of the tortilla!!HOW HARD IS THAT?Sheesh!Now get it right or I'll dock your ass another star.ADDENDUM August, 2011: The blond gal is the only gal who cares. Come in weekday afternoons after the lunch rush and she'll do an absolutely perfect burrito job. If I had it my way all the tips would go to HER. Thank you blondie!! I don't know your name.ADDENDUM SEPT 2011:  Uh oh, did I see a Spanish-speaker get extra meat while gringo me got the standard ho-hum level spoonful? Did I just witness racism?
4	The grilled chicken taco salad was delicious, customer service was great. I'd definitely go back here.
4	Food was good, albeit slowly made. Qdobas are a solid "almost Chipotle", and is a good substitute for when you can't find said Chipotle.
4	Qdoba, Chipotle, and Costa Vida, are all very similar and provide the "Subway experience" with Mexican food. What sets Qdoba apart is that they incorporated some outstanding sauces into their food which give you more options. Instead of having a chicken burrito, you can have a Ancho Chili BBQ Chicken Burrito, or a Spicy Quesso Chicken Burrito. There food is great and the menu gives you a lot more options than Chipotle does.
5	Forgot how good the food is here..Damn they need one in Yuma!!!
4	I like this location.  They have a lot of turnover, but for the most part everyone has been pretty good.  Wish the outside tables were cleaned more often.  They are too dirty 90% of the time to use.
4	This is a great fast food Mexican restaurant.  The queso is best thing to try on the menu.  Coworkers go here every week for lunch.  This place could be a 5 star location except sometimes the service is slow.   You definitely want to get there before 11:30 for lunch.
3	I like coming to this Qdoba because it is close to my house and my office.  Sometimes I will come here on my lunch break or I will come here for dinner with friends on the weekend.  It is a small shop in the Central Park shopping center. My favorite thing to get here is the Craft 2,  you can pick from a variety of things.  For example you can get tacos, tortilla soup, quesadilla or a naked taco salad.  I always get two soft tacos and two hard tacos.  The downside on this Qdoba is that they are closed on Sundays and they are not open very late on Friday and Saturdays.
1	QDOBA on Central, Park Central Mall - 9/24/13, Tues @ 11:30 am... I was waiting in line for over 10 mins, when I finally got to the girl, she told we they we out of chicken! I don't eat meat or pork, so I ONLY wanted chicken. I flat out said, "Good-Bye!" to her & walked out,  as I was walking out, I made sure that I told everyone in line that they were out of chicken. I was very upset!  NO restaurant should ever run out of something like chicken! I would think that a restaurant would be or even should be embarrassed to be running out of a 'staple' such as chicken, don't you think? and the girl was so nonchalant about it, too.
4	Yum yum yum. Welcome to chipotle/barbacoa's sexier sister. This place is great for a chicken burrito on the go. It's fresh, it's fast and it's consistent. Definitely a place that makes for a great lunch. Plenty of outdoor seating and it's not overrun with birds
5	I love the three steak tacos with cheese. I squirt a little lime over them and it really gives it that good flavor. Most places only have lemons. I love that they have limes. I eat here at least once a week.
5	I frequent this Qdoba pretty much every day during the work week. It's within walking distance of my work so it is super convenient. The staff are very friendly all the time and the food is amazing! I usually get steak tacos or the 3 cheese nachos and I am never disappointed!
4	Qdoba why hadn't I tried you sooner, wait it's because I live in Buckeye. Lol I had the three cheese nachos with the green salsa and chicken. I wouldn't like to compare it to Chipotle since all they really have in common is the fact that it's a "Mexican Grill," the flavors are completely different the chicken however does have more flavor. If I ever find myself downtown again I will definitely stop in again.
3	The service was great but the food was all right.  I've been to several Qdoba's and this one was just not up to par.
2	Closed on Sundays? Automatic low rating.   Some people have to work weekends, and it's frustrating to walk up to a place while you're hungry and have to turn around.  If the company doesn't have a national policy of being closed on Sundays,  then you should be open.
5	Excellent Customer Service!!  Yesterday walked over to get my burrito fix and the local Qdoba at Park Central, went through the line got all those yummy fixens and then realized I dropped/lost my money!!! (UGH) I looked at the gal at the register and said hold this I will trace my steps and be back to pay for it... she steps around the counter and hand me my burrito and said "Merry Christmas".  I looked at her oddly and said "What?" shocked ... again she said "Merry Christmas have a nice lunch".  Merry Christmas to you too, walked back to my office ate my yummy burrito.After the lunch rush slowed down I went back to pay for the burrito, I found her and told her I was here to pay for my burrito... her manager said, "I have been there have a Merry Christmas are you sure, yes ... have a Merry Christmas,"  I wished them a Merry Christmas a well.Now I am not saying they will do this for everyone I just thought my fellow Yelpers should know there are businesses and folks running those businesses that have a heart and understand sometimes you drop your cash or forget your credit card.  I just know they have my business.Merry Christmas to Everyone!
1	This past Saturday me and my room mate decided to check this place out due to the fact that it was lunch time and we were in the area. I have heard their commercials before and I have been wanting to check the place out. I am a huge fan of Chipotle and due to everyone's reviews that this restaurant is of a similar concept, it was my idea to go there. Once there, there were only two young girls behind the counter, no one else in the restaurant. Because I had never been there, I was looking over their menu. The girl however, seemed in a rush to get my order done so she could go back to talking to her co worker. As I was going through the line I was asking for recommendations on what she thought went best together but again, she seemed bother to help me and had a bad attitude. She kept making comments on the fact they didn't charge extra for guacamole and I figured it was their job to sell you on that. Also, the food behind the counter seemed like it was sitting there all day and did not look appetizing at all. There was trash on the floor of the restaurant and there was even chairs on top of the tables. For a restaurant that didn't seem busy at all I would expect cleanliness. I ended up paying $11.00 for a bowl that seemed smaller than the bowls at chipotle that I would normally spend $9.00 for even with the extra guacamole. The worst part of my experience is that both  my room mate and I ended up getting food poisoning even though we ordered two completely different things. I literally rushed home to throw up because their food was so heavy on me. I automatically knew that it was from there because I had not eaten anything all day before that. I definitely do not recommend this place at all. I am going to stick with Chipotle all the way. My first experience with this restaurant will be the only one. Their  staff need to change their attitude as well.
4	Came here for dinner and we were starving! I found the general experience to be similar to Chipotle but honestly the food was better. I had a burrito with chicken and guacamole that didn't come with and extra charge. Chips and salsa, great environment, I've found a new favorite!
