5	this is a Geat Store! Unique Hand Crafted items from local Artisans. The owners are very friendly and warm.Please stop in and see them. They are located in Downtown Henderson on Water st.Convenient parking behind the store.I stop in every 2 weeks, because there is always something new and unique to purchase.
5	This is a fabulous store with so many wonderfully creative homemade crafts!!  I would highly recommend everyone stop in here to look at all the beautiful and unique products.  There are a ton of one-of-a-kind gift ideas for any occasion and I will definitely be shopping here for all of my future gifting needs. They even consign items for local artists and often feature the artists' best work at the store.  What a gem...I'm so glad to have found The Purple Monkey!
5	I have seen this store being advertise in the newspaper two times now and saw an ad in a magazine so I just had to check it out.     WOW am I glad I did,  the store is full of unique hand made items that will create that "I love it and want it" feeling in you.    The owner Linda was amazing and friendly and you can tell she really loves what she does.    I will be back often to see what new goodies are offered from week to week,   What a great concept and alternative to those artisans that love to do their craft, but do not want to sit for hours at craft shows which can get very costly when you add up what you pay for the event, the food you buy while there and the hours of time sitting at the booth.    This is head and shoulders a much better option in my opinion!
2	I'm on the fence about this....the wrong side, that is.I have seen the reviews and I have driven past this store at least ten times. Today, a girlfriend and I wanted to stop in. We checked out the store's Facebook page....in the "store hours" section of the page, it said that The PM was closed until Friday.....three days from now.Finding that odd, we decided to call......................................no one answered.Seeing as how it is a short distance, maybe five miles or so from my house, we decided to stop by anyways. We pull up, and the store is open. It is small. There were two women standing by the door, and we make it past them to get into the store.(.. I forgot that I drove  down to Container park.)It was a tight squeeze. Being that we are young, (22, and 24) we had our phones out.I was checking in on Yelp, and my friend was texting or Facebook updating because she had landed a job today....Upon being "greeted", the woman let us know that we were not allowed to take pictures. Because, if we took pictures, we would tell our friends what we "liked" and have them make it for us....and then, she wouldn't make any money.Well, after informing her that we weren't, and didn't plan on taking any photos, she just kept talking. Almost an uncomfortable amount of talking. She said that they were moving in next store as well, and apologized for the mess. Saying that they went to put in shelves, but the hardware was left at someone's house....We told her that we had been wanting to stop by, because we had seen PHOTOS on THEIR Facebook page of ITEMS...These items were still in the store. It was then when I told her about the 'hours of operation' being listed wrong on the page. She went on to say that she would have to call her partner about that.Now for the store, It's pretty....pretty disorganized."Boutique"? "Local Artisans...?""Festival of Art......?" That I'm not so sure about.I can also glue sea shells to a picture frame, and I don't call myself an "artisan"... Nor would I call that my "best work being displayed".,,,,,Am I in the same store that these 5 star reviewers were...?A lot of things that I just..... flat out would not buy..Like a purse made out of candy wrappers, or jeans.I definitely don't want the lotion that is "ravishing raspberry vanilla." or "anxious almond."... I thought lotion was supposed to be relaxing... not make you, or almonds anxious. That sounds cruel! That's just me.I did think that there were some cute items, but a lot of things just felt.....dingy to me. Maybe the store needs to put in some windows? Or a skylight....? Or needs a fresh coat of paint?The necklaces that I saw, and was interested were reasonably priced. It is possible that I might stop back for them....if I went with someone who wanted to check the store out.Making our rounds, the lady pointed out another room that we would have missed. She also had a piece of chocolate from the tray on their desk, and went on about it. I don't remember if she said, "oh, naughty chocolate," or, "oh, this chocolate always gets me,"...Something  like that.When starting to walk out, she didn't say, "thanks, see you later." She instantly pointed out that we weren't buying anything. And then wanted us to try some "handmade/homemade" lotion... Thankfully, my phone rang and I stepped out. My friend tried it.....and informed me that it was greasy.While in, and for about an hour after we left, both of our throats were sore. I don't know how that possibly could have happened to us both, in the same spot, at the exact same time.... Maybe their air vents need to be cleaned...?So, here's what I think.I get that this is a local business. My friend and I....both locals.As much as we want to support one, it's tough when the second thing an employee does is snarl at you not to take pictures (which we weren't) or else they won't make any money.Websites, technology, need to be smooth. If I lived farther away, we wouldn't have even tried this place today...Because the information didn't match up. Facebook and Yelp conflicted, and then no one answered the phone when we called.Also, if you don't want people "taking your ideas", or trying to recreate them, it's a smart idea to not publicly post pictures on Facebook. If you don't want people taking pictures, you should have a sign.Sorry, we didn't buy anything.. (SorryNotSorry)Please, don't point that out.Oh, a mild air freshener wouldn't hurt either.
4	A cute litte store with friendly staff.  I didn't find anything that spoke to me but I was just browsing.  Everything was reasonably priced.  Good place to keep in mind for a handmade gift.  Next door is an antiques store reminiscent of the ones in Boulder City.
