1	I rented a house managed by these awful people. The office is run by unprofessional and rude women who treat their renters like sh*t. They lied to me when I moved in about the age of the AC unit, and sent unsavory people to do hack jobs anytime something needed to be fixed.  I would have renewed my lease but didn't want to have to deal with these crazy bitches ever again.
1	This is the worst management company I have ever used.  Before I signed up with them, I checked reviews and they were all excellent....which now makes me think they wrote their own reviews.  I went down to Phoenix from California, met with them and signed the papers.  It took them several months to rent the house, then they started asking for more papers and insisted I sign a "sale or management" agreement.  I told them I would not sign a "sales" contract as I wasn't authorizing them to sell the property but only to manage it.  They then started asking for more paperwork including a copy of my last mortgage statement, then claimed that they had no paperwork (not even the paperwork I had signed in their office).  After months of arguing about what paperwork was required for property management only, they notified me that they were dropping me (the feeling at that point was mutual).  They have held all of the money they received from the tenant.  I have not received one cent.  They are now claiming they are going to continue to hold the funds, although they supposedly cancelled the contract on me.  They are refusing to release funds for 35 to 90 days!!!!  Is this how they make money?  Just collect and refuse to send it on to the property owner.  When I contacted the tenant, he told me that he had a very difficult time with the rental, while all the time they were telling me he was delaying!  Be VERY alert.  I may have to take them to small claims court to get the rent and all deposits back.STAY AWAY at all costs....this is not Simply Property Mgmt.
1	Simply property management replied to my posting....but look at the other comments.  It isn't just me.  I just got back from Phoenix and my tenant told me that he had a really hard time renting the property as Simply property management was unresponsive to his requests to see the house for over 2 weeks.  He finally had to call his real estate person and have them show him the house.  Then he said that Simply property management was mad at him since they needed to pay him a commission.  Simply property management sent in maintenance people to do some calking and they stood on the toilet seat breaking the seat and bolts, then they charged me for the broken seat. Although I had personally gone down and cleaned the house with a cleaning service, when the tenant finally saw the house he said it was dirty with hair all over the stairs....it looked like someone had stayed there or had a long haired animal (possibly a workman?). Also, they were supposed to have a refrigerator put in, and they charged me a delivery charge, charged double for the refrigerator, but while delivering it, it fell or was dropped leaving a huge dent in the top and was VERY dirty. REMEMBER, it is now April.  They collected rent and deposits in January and I have still not received one cent!!!!  No matter what they say, collecting money from a tenant and not sending it to the owner is NOT acceptable.  They continue to hold my money hostage, saying they are going to charge an early termination fee and a year of "computer" charge even though THEY CANCELLED ME!  Thank God they did, as it moved me to action.
1	OWNERS - STAY AWAY FROM THEM!!!!!!!!Read the other reviews.  They are all true.  This company could care less about you and your tenants.  I will not even go into my long long list of problems because they have an excuse to justify everything that they do to people.  Look at how much time the owner spends responding to complaints on this site.  He does not know how to say "I am sorry, I did not service your account correctly, let me fix it".  Instead he puts 100% of his effort into laying blame at everyone else's feet and getting onto these sites to justify his reasons for treating people badly.   His office staff is horrible starting with his wife.  They have set a horrible tone in their company and it carries through to every single person that works for them.  They use their own in house maintenance department that does a horrible job as well.  I have had to have so many things reworked that they did. Greg will probably respond with a long diatribe on why I am wrong about my opinion and he is right.  Just take it for what it is, excuses.  See how he has done that to everyone else that has commented here.  He refuses to acknowledge that I am entitled to my opinion whether he likes it or not.See his comments below.  He did exactly what I said he would.  His comments are false and manipulated to place blame on me instead of just admitting that he had poor customer service.  He gets pretty vicious doesn't he in his comments?  All false of course.
4	My experience with this PM was excellent, the problem is not with the property management but with the owners. When problems come up and the tenant put in the request for it to be completed, it takes time. It is very frustrating and the reason behind all this is because the PM have to go through the property owner to get permission to get certain things done for the tenants. I know that because I am with another property management at a different location and I went through this so many times with owners. Simply request then it looks like PM is not trying to do anything for their tenants. It is always a fight getting things through to the PO when it comes to spending money so that their tenants are able to love at the property and be comfortable. I stayed with a certain PO for 3 years and during that time, they went through 4 different PMs, this was again because of the lack of interest in servicing the property for the tenant and the blame falls back on the PM company. So, some of you who just love picking sores and not creating the mess in the first place, you said it correct, stop pointing fingers and get the property in better loving conditions so that the PM companies can continue servicing it when it is under their management company. They represent your property and gets the go ahead from you, they are only the middleman. What's worse is when a PO calls your new PM, gives a good review, then turns around and try to give a bad one. How sad could that be.......... Thank you.
1	BEWARE!  My experience with Mr. Paielli for the rental of my Las Vegas home was that he was incompetent in the value of the property and placing of the ads, which several times gave the wrong address and descriptions.  Mr. Paielli also mishandled my management account with billing for unauthorized charges.  Mr. Paielli also agreed to buy my couch, which he took from my home, and refused to pay the $200 for it.  I made a complaint to BBB to resolve the problems, but, there has been NO resolution to this matter.  I will NEVER refer anyone to Mr. Paielli, or for any of his businesses.Roy S.
1	As an owner of a rental, if you like to receive your rental income IN ARREARS, then go ahead and use this company!  (Normal protocol is receiving rents in the first 15 days of the month the rent is paid).  If you like to get charged bogus fees that aren't included in your agreement, then go ahead and use this company!  If you don't mind your tenant not getting repair responses in a timely manner, for example termite issues, then go ahead and use this company!  But if you are like me and not happy with a property management company that does not perform its due diligence and does not follow its contractual obligations, you'll follow my advice and stay far away from this company and take your business elsewhere like I did.  If I could give zero stars here I would.  Paielli Realty still owes me back their bogus coordination fees and to my knowledge has yet to fulfill their obligation to address my tenant's termite issue and I have since turned my case over to my attorney.
1	I dont have time to go on and on about every detail , But please understand that they are very very rude customer service. I have good credit , I have always paid rent on time ! when we moved in everything was great , then a month or two down the road we started to notice alot of bugs around, well we just had an inspection and we have bed bugs! ya for those of you that dont know it about $700-2000 to gert rid of them not to mention all the time it takes ! So I call them in a dyer situation and all they wanted to do was argue about who had to pay for it. I wil hopefully be able to do an update for you guys after I look at the laws regarding this matter. Bottom line , horrible customer service , I just dont understand how people in the customer service industry can be so rude these days!
1	Well seeing that your response was as snarky and judgmental as your employee I spoke with over the phone. I guess I will tell the details of my experience thus far with Simply Property Management of Phoenix , AKA Paielli reality inc.       FIRST of all I would like to apologize for implying that this place had Bed Bugs when I moved in . That clearly was not the case , We must have gotten them from a hotel or maybe the babysitters , who knows ? But the fact is this could happen to anyone.       Now please let me tell you my experience with this company so far and why I was so heated when I called in to report this issue. First , the loops you have to jump through to get qualified for the rental are mind boggling ! That is good news if your a landlord . Which it is pretty obvious this is a landlord driven business and once the customer has been landed well good luck to the customer. Or if your a landlord your client , the one staying in your house......? Hello customer service , where ya at?       SECOND, how was the dishwasher treating me why it took you TWO MONTHS TO FINALLY GET ONE INSTALLED!!!! absolutly unacceptable , not to mention the day my wife sat home waiting for the appliance guy to never show up ! That is not an exageration by the way. 2 MONTHS I waited why they looked for a part to fix a samsung dishwasher , emails , phone calls , so much inexcusable wasted time.       THIRD, the nice agent that rented this property to me , I conducted business with on the side and she did not have very good things to say about this company. After renting this place to me , I called her to tell her of the dishwasher problem to find out she had quit , she said the management was to much pressure. But the place was so nice,I really wanted it. , should have listened to her! Then two months later the next agent handling my account was gone . That says a few things when your overturn is that high, am I wrong?       FOURTH Greg the owner , didnt email me personally or reach out to me with any concern. But he sure did quickly hop on YELP to try and clean up his appearance. TRUE COLORS.      LAST BUT NOT LEAST. Tone. The way I was spoken to over the phone on two occasions is the main reason. Its funny , call it what you will, But this was worse than waiting two months for a dishwasher. I do not appreciate being talked down to . Very condesending.      I rent my home in Utah , so I understand the industry can be tough which is even more reason to treat good renters , well good!       By the way not once did I say I wanted to break my lease. We love the place , Maybe I will buy it ? I know the owner wants to sell , Especially after I personally told him of my experience. If I do buy , well I will make sure Paielli doesent get a cut.       For anyone reading and wondering about the Bed Bugs , Well my 1 year old son woke up one night at about 2 am with about 40 or so bites on his little legs. We did some research and stayed up all night trying to spot one. Nothing. So we got an inspection the next day and we found a few. Apparently these are a nightmare and spread very quickly so we paid 1000$ bucks and had the place heated and sprayed. What a terrible weekend , we basically moved out and back into the house , Worst Thing Ever. I bet I dont sleep good for a month!       Dont be mistreated , go somewhere else .
