5	ESC is my home away from home :) It is a bright light that shines my way. I feel the peace radiating from Alaric.
5	I have worked with Rev. Alaric.  He changed my life and I can't recommend him enough.  I now have real tools to help myself out in any situation.  He helped me move from from feeling trapped and miserable to feeling free and hopeful.  I really can not express how grateful I am that I had the opportunity to experience Alaric's style of coaching.  I quickly saw changes in my life and it is very reasonably priced.  If you want positive changes to happen in your life Earth Spirit Center is the place to be :)
5	I have been a student of Alaric's for a little over two years. This man has helped me change my life and transform anger into peace, joy and happiness. Alaric gives his students and clients the tools they need to transcend duality and to live more freely. He is truly gifted at showing alternative and positive perspectives. You can tell how passionate he is about life and thriving. I highly recommend ESC and Alaric to any one when they NEED to feel lighter.  I always leave ESC with a smile on my face. It is my home away from home and everyone there is so supportive of each other's paths.
5	I have been going to Alaric for the past month for peace of mind and guidance. He is a full of helpful knowledge and is a wonderful spirit.  You will feel right at ease with him and he listens without judgment. Since I have been going to the Earth Spirit Center I have felt much more at peace and have gained some helpful skills to use in my everyday life. I know I still have a ways to go but is has been a great beginning.  I will definitely be taking advantage of the other helpful courses at the Earth Spirit Center. Thank you  Alaric for all of your help.
5	Alaric and his business Earth Spirit Center for Healing is such a wonderful place to visit. Alaric's teachings for inner peace are profound and effective. Anyone who needs more peace, love or joy in their lives needs to go see Alaric. Not only is he the best in town at what he does, his pricing is very affordable. You owe it to yourself to see what Alaric can do for you. I have been a life coaching client of his and I am now a student and I have attended the Sunday morning Circle of Peace. The whole community is wonderful. I can not recommend Earth Spirit Center for Healing highly enough.
