2	I've just checked out the pictures of this place which make it look halfway cool.  It's not.  Yesterday, The Man asked me what I wanted to do for the day (because two of the three houses we were supposed to view are now under offer, sadface).  I responded "get drunk."  He laughed and asked me again, and got the same answer.  This house hunting business is stressful, you know.  So, about late afternoon time we took a walk down the canal to Leith.  We wandered around a bit because The Man wanted to go somewhere new, and we ended up on Constitution St which has a few places which looked good.We started in The Constitution Bar and the minute we walked in we knew it wasn't for us.  The Man described it as "soulless" and I thought it looked like an upmarket canteen.  The dining area actually had nice dark wood tables and chairs which, if they were in the main room, would make the place look a bit more interesting than the sterile blonde wood does.  They were playing football through some dodgy (probably illegal) foreign channel which had drawn a few people in, but the minute the football was over, the majority of people left for more interesting pastures.There is nothing actually wrong with this place, the staff weren't rude and the beer wasn't off, it just wasn't an enjoyable place for a pint and I would definitely not go back.
3	Kind of a strange big pub, very clean and Tidy and nothing really that I could say was wrong with it. Food was good and beer was fine. It all just lacked a bit of depth, bit like a window display. The place is sectioned into a room through the back with a few tables, a main pub room and a dining room. We chose to eat in the pub area which was showing a footie game on a huge screen. Reasonable bill at the end of it all. I'd probably pop in again if I was in the area and wanted a safe bet. In saying that there were a couple of other places nearby that looked worth a visit.
1	Purchased a Voucher online. Went on their website and booked a table. Everything went fine got a confirmation.We arrived to the bar at 6pm from other side of Edinburgh. Which I'd like to mention was not the busiest time for this bar. We told the waiter we had table booked for 6.30pm. Took him a while to come back to us and tell us that there was no booking for us. I had the confirmation on my email which I show to a manager (arrogant, unfriendly and very unprofessional man). We were only told they were fully booked when he realised we had purchased a voucher so he wasn't going to make any money from us!! I thought the staff was rude and could have dealt with it in a better way. There was loads of space in a bar bit too. I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.
3	Giving this a three just now as on consideration I'd not rush back in the near future. The food and drinks brook no complaints as the steaks we had were both of a good size and well cooked as were the roast veg & chips, whilst the wine was well priced and the french martinis tasted as expected. The service though, as noted by other reviewers, is where the place lets itself down. On arriving we didn't even have to give our name as the waitress merely asked if we'd booked via Groupon and then seated us. Both she and the waiter were polite though and the time between ordering and having the food in front of us was by no means excessive but the fact that they have 2 or 3 different deals with discount sites on the go seemed to be causing a bit of confusion (we were offered dessert as inclusive despite it not being part of the deal we'd bought) and by the time it came to get coffee (which was in the deal) we'd seemingly become invisible and so just left cash on the table to cover the wine & side orders. The deals are obviously increasing the custom here but possibly to no great effect if folk are put off from returning.
3	There's nothing particularly wrong with The Constitution - it's just a bit mediocre.  Whoever designed the decor obviously went for "modern and stylish", but fell quite short of the mark and ended up firmly in "hotel bar" territory.  It's not offensive, just a bit dull and soulless.The food is adequate but not amazing (they do a decent burger), as is the drink selection (although they do have prosecco on tap which is more odd than bad).The staff are friendly enough, but try as they might they don't manage to lift the pub out of the doldrums.  Visit on a weekend evening and there's a haircut in a t-shirt at the end of the bar pumping out the same repetitive beat on a loop for hours from his macbook.  Unsurprisingly, this does the precise opposite of livening the place up.It's not a bad pub - just not a particularly good or interesting pub.  If it were a band it would be Coldplay, and if you asked me to review it with a gesture it would be a shrug.
4	BURGER WATCH!Had the Edinburger: Beef burger stuffed with Whisy Sauce, topped with two Haggis Fritters and served with an Irn Bru Ice Cream Float.Wasn't interested in the float so swapped for a Diet Coke, but the burger was rather impressive. Fresh homemade patty, exploding with whisky sauce, stacked very high with its haggis fritter double whammy. Very messy stuff but very enjoyable.Only cons were that the patty, although amazingly thick, juicy and tasty, was a little small for the bun, which in turn was dowsed so much in burger juice and whisky sauce that it began to break apart in my hands. A wider patty would have been more accessible to being cut in half, facilitating a less messy feed.Good burgers to be had here. Good range of beverages and really polite and sociable staff. Very accommodating and reasonable.This is also the official Edinburgh Arsenal Supporters Club match day venue so they get an extra point for that - because they always have the game on and are fantastic hosts (lost the reception for a matter of seconds but apologised by way of a few bowls of chips - very toughtful).
2	My fiance and I had planned to grab a bite to eat at Noble's next door to here and found they were way too slammed to get a table so we wandered into here. The atmosphere in the Constitution Bar is very nice. I could have seen it being a place we frequent a lot but, unfortunately, the service we received was abysmal. My fiance first had to wander around and ask them if they were still serving food (they were when we came in) so we grabbed a seat at the bar. It was a pretty quiet night, honestly and it took the bartender close to 20 minutes to even acknowledge us. When he finally did we ordered a bottle of wine, which he seemed clueless about. I thought maybe he just didn't hear us so I repeated myself a few times and finally had to point it out on the menu before he knew which one we were speaking about (he also mispronounced riesling...which, I realize is a bit nitpicky but if you work in a bar you should be able to accurately identify something as basic as that). We also mentioned that we were wanting to order food as well. The bartender came back with out bottle, charged us for it, then told us that the kitchen had just closed. If we'd have been served when we came in, we'd have been able to get some dinner. I realize this may be a fault of our own but I find it a bit dubious that it wasn't said before he gave us our drinks. That said, the wine was over chilled and not very good and we ended up leaving most of it behind to go somewhere else. I don't think I'd ever return her just because of the service alone but it gets an extra star for the nice atmosphere.
4	These guys were already pretty good in the burger field, but they have recently introduced a revised burger menu. And that thing is not to be sniffed at.Systematically working my way through, I can recommend the following;WE'LL BE JAMMIN'Chilli jam, cheddar, lime chutney & pickled ginger.Possibly the best of what I've tried. The pickled toppings add a fantastic zing to a very different burger.TEXMEXCajun coated chicken breast with sour cream, jalapenos & cheddar.Second best chicken burger I ever had, right behind Burger's chicken katsu.WILD SIDEGame mince patty with apple crisps, pulled pork, crackling & smoked bacon.One I had was a little dry, but that's game! Would go again... make sure it wasn't a fluke.Three down, twelve to go!Oh, another thing, add them to your gluten-free things. If that's your deal.Good bar to chill out with a burger and a laptop and catch a football game while you bash out a cheeky blog post. Chilled. Out.
