1	Let me start this off by disclaiming, I don't have all that much plumbing knowledge, nor do I claim to, but their prices and service seem lackluster.It all started about a year ago when I initially called EcoWater for service on my water softener. I had called them due to the "great" reviews I've heard and radio endorsements. They accommodated my schedule and got someone out the next day. The gentleman that came out claimed to be the owner which i was impressed with. He fooled around with the controls and finally came back to me with the diagnosis: I needed a new control valve. I obliged, being a new homeowner and chalking it up to new home ownership expense. The "owner" installed the new valve and it took about 4 hours. Probably something that a qualified professional should be able to do in about an hour. He miscut copper pipes several times over (thank god they didn't charge me for materials!). I had to physically help him through the process of figuring out which right angle to weld (ugh). My water softener worked for about 2 months, then it slowly stopped working and I failed to notice. When I did, I didn't have the disposable income to have it fixed right away. Flash forward to today (about 1 year after initial install date). I called a technician to come out and they next appointment they had was for a week from my initial call. I begrudgingly agreed and had them come out. They quoted me a time between 12-3, just enough of a window that I had to take the entire afternoon off of work. I even requested that it be a late afternoon so I could stay at work, but no. You're given a time and you take it or no soup for you. That should have been my second clue. (First being my first experience). The technician came out and within a few minutes diagnosed the problem as a clogged drain line after being on the phone with a technician who knew how to work on my water softener. (Wait, the technician who came out didn't know how to work on it? Yes. He was on the phone for the first 30 minutes). After the diagnosis, he relayed back to me that the drain line went into the attic. He crawled up there took  a look around and found the line. The line went all the way to the other side of the house and he got up through the other crawl space. After a few minutes, he told me he could not find the pipe on the other side. Well obviously it had to go somewhere. I was not satisfied with this answer, so I got up there myself and within 5 minutes, I found the pipe leading up through the roof. Now I don't know if this was not part of his "job description" or just pure laziness, but when the CUSTOMER has to do half of the work, I think that I should only have half the bill.So there I was on the roof of my own house flushing the line backwards while the technician stood in front of the water heater. I'm dusty from the attic and soaked from pushing the hose up against the drain line. We finally unclogged it (it was filled with crap) but didn't completely unclog it.  After about 10 minutes of this, we called it a day since the water softener could drain. After this, I questioned him, "Well what insures me that this is going to work?", to his reply "there isn't, but it looks like it will". Are you serious? You come out to fix my freaking water softener only to tell me that you think it's going to work? At this point, I sent him home, but not without getting hit with the bill first. $185. WHAT!?! The initial charge was $105 for the technician to come out . What they failed to mention was that it was $105 only for the first 30 MINUTES ($52.50 for the trip charge and $52.50 for the first 30 minutes - seriously $52.50 for the trip charge?). He was there for exactly 1 hour and 15 minutes. He rounded up to .3 of an hour (an extra 5 minutes). Seriously, he nickel and dime'd me for every cent.  So I complained and told them that the rates were high and that they didn't tell me that $105 only covered the first 30 minutes. He apologized and told em that other plumbers charged for half hours and then he drove off. Most every other "service" companies charge by the hour...But what can I do? I guess choose not to call them again, which I will not. I encourage you to shop around for not necessarily the cheapest service but someone that will actually be knowledgeable and a company where you don't have to do the work yourself.Pros: Knowing the job was done (CAUSE I DID IT MYSELF)Cons: Price, lack of knowledge, SERVICE
4	We have been a customer since 1997.  We have been pleased with the service of our water softener system and general plumbing needs over the years.They are a good company and I would recommend their service.
1	Let me start out by saying, I don't ever write reviews about a company I have work for us, however my wife and I moved to Scottsdale almost a year ago and purchased our home.  The home came with an EcoWater Softener, so almost a year later I thought I should have it serviced.  I went online and found All About Water was a company who worked on this brand.  I called, made an appointment and left them instructions on how to enter our home, as neither my wife nor I would be home at the time of the service.  They came out to do general maintenance which was going to cost $105.00 and then an additional $35.00 and change, so let's call it $150.00.  I received a call that the bypass valve on the back was cracked and needed to be replaced, so Dave went forward and changed it, prior to OK'ing it with me, and this part was $93.00 along with the clips and seals which were $24.00.  OK I'm still OK with all of this as I know they're a company and have overhead, blah, blah, blah.  But here's the kicker, they charge you $52.50 for every half hour they are working at your property which is never broken down to you on the initial phone call.  I called to have the bill explained to me, at which time I got what I would consider a high school drop out who answered the phone, sorry that wasn't nice but neither was she.  "She", since she never told me her name broke down the bill and explained it's $105.00 for the trip charge and the first 30 min, anything over that was the $52.50 explained above.  I was slightly upset and explained we were first time customers, etc. She obviously skipped customer service 101 where you always say your name and try to make the customer happy because when something good happens to someone they tell 5 people and when something bad happens they tell 25 and that's what I'm doing.  "She" should have said, "I'm sorry sir and we'll take off the $52.50 this time and moving forward please understand we have a trip charge of $105.00 which includes the first 30 minutes and then for every additional 30 minutes we will charge $52.50. I would have been super happy about that and would have continued to use All About Water, however after this kind of customer service I will use another company even if they charge more than All About Water, so I hope this helps anyone who needs to have their EcoWater Softener serviced and at least if you do decide to use All About Water you will know what their charges are!  Good Luck!
5	Our water softener bit the dust. It was included in the sale when we bought our house and it looked pretty old. I don't think it ever worked properly. After meeting with several reps we decided to go with ALL ABOUT WATER (ECO WATER SYSTEMS). The rep was very informative and we discussed buying new vs. buying a reconditioned unit. We decided to purchase the reconditioned unit, saving us about $600. We purchased the unit in June, 2011. It came with a full warranty and maintenance schedule and we have it serviced annually. The fee is $105 for the service call plus parts and labor which totals approximately $143. A few months ago I noticed hard water spots on the dishes, kitchen sink, etc. I checked the unit and it was full of water. Called  ALL ABOUT WATER (ECO WATER SYSTEMS), they said it would be $105 for the service call plus parts and labor. I wasn't happy since we just recently had the annual maintenance performed, but what are you going to do? When the tech came out he was there about 15 minutes and the repair was done. He said some of the lines were clogged and a small part was either missing or broken, I forget his exact wording. Anyway he fixed the problem, said we were all set and the water in the tank would drain out and we should notice soft water in a few hours. When he got ready to leave I asked how much I owed. He replied "no charge". He said the problem was so minor it was a courtesy call. Thank you  ALL ABOUT WATER (ECO WATER SYSTEMS) for standing behind your product and you're continued outstanding service. It is good to know that there are honest companies around that still take pride in the product they represent and aren't just trying to rake in a buck. I would definitely recommend this company to friends.
5	My reverse osmosis system quit working.  I did some research and found All About Water.  They did what they said, and didn't change me an arm and a leg.  Thanks for being one of the few companies that just gets the job done.
1	Warning, do not do business with this company!  Go to AZCC.gov and check their status.  CORPORATION NOT IN GOOD STANDING.  Do you need to know anything more?  If so read on....The owner David Crissman called me today from my home where they had to come out and Remove the water softner so I could replace the water heater (They strategically place these things where you cant access other components).  Not only was their quote 150 higher than anyone else to replace the water heater but of course they hit me with the ol' its gonna be 250 more for additional parts and labor!  I'm so tired of getting abused like this.  So when I questioned David and asked why nobody elplained this over the phone he immediately attacked me (in front of his employee) saying he had better things to do with his time than argue over 250 dollars!  He went on to say he needed to leave to go to other customers homes who "appreciate what they do" and "don't have a problem paying for the excellent service they receive"!  Sorry David for offending you by questioning your sleazy tactics!  How dare a customer do such a thing...What a joke.  I have had nothing but BAD experiences with this company for over 4yrs!  The girls on the phone are sweet but once you purchase one of these things, the company has you at their mercy.   They are total rip offs and will not tell you what the Real cost will be in advance.  I inherited an eco water system when I bought my home in north scottsdale.  I have spent OVER 1000 dollars in 4 yrs on filters and parts (2 months ago the water softner broke and water leeked all over my house.  The system alone was over 4,000.  Folks, if your tired of people reaching deeper and deeper into your pockets, don't fall for one of these overpriced water filtration units.  They are nothing but money pits and problems.  Your much better off buying bottled water or getting a water delivery service to your home, trust me.  Contact me for more information about this company and the ego maniacal  owner David Crissman!  I am filing a complaint with the Registrar of Contractors (ROC) as they are operating a corporation that is not in good standing.  Dont take my word for it just read the other reviews about these con artists.
1	Originally I got talked into getting a water softener for my old home and I did because my newborn daughter had skin issues.  I don't exactly remember, but I paid around $4K for the water softener and an R.O. system for my kitchen.Every 6 months I would replace the filters for the R.O. system and getting it from All About Water.  At that time, they were very customer service oriented and a very small business.  But, their business began to expand but the customer service went south.  The prices of the filters became outrageously expensive and I complained to them about it.  They didn't really care because they had gotten quite big and maybe us little customers didn't mean much.  I don't know.  Anyway, I had conflicts with the company and they treated me very poorly, including refunding me money.Anyway, I now see the EcoWater Systems at Costco, but because of my experience with All About Water and how negative it was, I would never get this system and would rather pay more somewhere else to get something different for our needs.They are not a company that truly cares about their customers and making them happy.  And, i can see that other people from other parts of the valley have shared similar dissatisfaction with them, so I am not alone.Oh, I forgot to add, I was having some issues with the R.O. System and asked them to help me out as I was having issues with my R.O. system.  They were totally unhelpful and said they needed to come out and charge me some big fee, which I don't remember what that was.  I can't remember exactly what the issue was or if I had them come out or not now, but it never got resolved and I was unable to use my R.O. system after that.  I'm pretty sure I expressed to them my dissatisfaction, but they didn't really care.I remember the office staff being incredibly rude.  It doesn't matter if you have great products, if your customer service is awful, this will steer customers away.
5	I would like to highly recommend and compliment there staff top to bottom from All About Water/EcoWater Systems.   We purchased a water softener system and a Marathon Hot Water Heater. The installation was superb and efficient. Their professionalism and customer service is above reproach. They not only did a great job in the sales process and installation process their follow up customer service is hard to beat.   I had a water line break and thinking it was because of the recent installation of the softener and hot water heater, I contacted them on a Saturday. Bob and Dave came out immediately and we determined it was a feed line to the drip system which had nothing to do with their installation work. I ask what it would cost, they said not to worry it needs fixed you need water and no reason to pull your hair out. They would get it fixed and I'd be happy. They sure did that and more. This is what I call going above and beyond. Service after the Sale.   Their EcoWater system performs just as promised I have not had to add salt since we purchased the system and still have half left. I mention only that my old system went thru two bags a month.  I still have all my HAIR too.  What a surprise compared to other water conditioning system.
4	Recently had a water softener installed. Very pleased with the quality of the softener as well as the work that was done in my home.
