4	Puckett's calls itself a 21st century honkytonk which is an accurate description of the place. This place started off as a farm equipment dealer until the owner discovered that he was making more money selling beer when farming died down in the area!My first impression of the place was pretty good...The beer was cold and reasonably priced, the music was loud without being overwhelming, and it wasn't stuffy inside (the ceilings are high and the fans circulate air). There is live music on the weekends, mostly country, bluegrass, honkytonk, rockabilly...you know...good down home music :o)  (There is usually a modest cover charge which goes to band.)
5	Puckett's is a great bar.  I have been once before a long time ago, a  couple of friends were in town and they wanted to go see one of their friends play at Puckett's so we went and then they proceeded to get kicked out for smuggling in Jack Daniels mini bottles.  So, of course, Puckett's is dear to my heart.  I ventured up the courage to go back without my drunk ass friends! to go see another band that I used to love in Raleigh.  John Howie, of the Two Dollar Pistols.  Yay, great time.  They were having a weekend of Cashbash, a list of bands and everyone sang their own music and  some Johnny Cash tunes as well.  Good times.  I discovered another band that I loved too, The Straight 8s.  (rockabilly, surf)  Puckett's is a hole in the wall bar, beer only.  Plenty of seating if you don't want to stand.  The stage is really low so if you like to take photos or heckle the musicians you can.  Cash only!  I had a fun time last night.  You know just the kind of night when the stars align, no one got kicked out and a bonus today, I had to be at work at 10a, I woke up and my make up and hair were still intact.  Yay!  Fun night.
4	As the T-shirt says, "I got Pucked up in Derita."  Just north of 85 heading out of town on Sugar Creek Road, you will find this little gem of a honky tonk bar.  Originally a farm equipment sales and repair shop, Puckett's is a great place to take in some country, rockabilly, honky tonk, and americana music.They only serve beer, but its cold and its cheap the way it should be.  If you are going to run the risk of bringing a flask, be discreet or make trips out to the car because Gary Puckett has a zero tolerance policy about people bringing in liquor.The decor is all old south including tons of dusty NASCAR posters and memorabelia and a confederate flag or two.  There is electronic darts and two pool tables, but most people go for the music.The Cash Bash, the South 85 Jam, Elvisfest, and the Rockabilly BBQ (rumored to now be defunct, we shall see) are all awesome events that bring everybody out with their pompadours combed high, their rat rods tuned, and the women in knockout retro gear.The no smoking in Carolina bars law has forced them to add a perfect little fenced in area just outside what used to be the bay door for bringing tractors in.Oh, and word to the wise, make sure you stop at an ATM before you get there (there is a Wachovia just before the bar on the right coming north on Sugar Creek) because CASH is king there.
4	Cash is king at this cavernous, dusty Rockabilly Theater. Or Bar. Or Club. Or whatever.Bathrooms are drafty, at least the ladies', since its basically an ad-hoc shed propped against the back wall (awesome), like an indoor outhouse. A mix of brand-new beer and race signage is mixed with some rustier relics - car hoods, old clocks (the only one accurately telling time is the one behind the bar to the left), old taps (funnily, the tap collection lining the soundbooth dwarfs their actual draft choices of Bud Light or Bud Light). I stick to the (2 dolla) tallboys or the high life. Cheers.There's a 6 foot tall rebel flag a-gracing the backstage. The lights make it glow bright red. Snacks consist of Fritos and Doritos in the tiny bags.Make the drive on the weekends and its eye candy - shelf tops, huge eyelashes, red lipstick, leopard print, bouffants and tightly cuffed jeans. I don't know much about the 'billy kids these days but I know a handsome crowd when I see one. Wide age range. People seemed friendly even though I looked a schlub by comparison in my old T and sweater.But the bluegrass nights are the bigger draw for me, on the 2nd and 3rd Wednesdays of every month. No cover, just a tip jar made out of an old pegleg standing on the stage. Good, long sets. Kinda empty, so it's echoey and peaceful. Sweet.
5	Best bar in Charlotte!
3	Went here a few years ago so I"m going by memory.  I'm pretty sure its cash only and think I remember very limited parking. On this night, I believe there was a rockabilly band and alot of the "regulars" were dressed to match. But it was cool cause the only time I've seen people dressed like that was watching "Happy Days".  Dying to go for their "Cash Bash" but so far haven't made it.
