5	Everyone here is always sweet.  The brownies are plentiful and super-chocolatey and the cookies are delicious.  I'm told they have great bread, though I've yet to try it.  There are a few tables to sit at if you want to stick around.Highly recommend this place if you're looking for a good treat.
5	This is the place to go when you want to buy doughnuts (baked goods) for treats for work and you REALLY want to let your coworkers know that you appreciate them.  Lane's is one of the 2 very best bakeries in the Madison area.  (Clausen's in Middleton would be the only other bakery that I'd consider their peer.)  Conveniently located on Park Street between West Washington Ave. and Fish Hatchery Rd., with off-street parking (a definite plus) Lane's has terrific baked goods.  (Cookies, pies, cakes, breads, pasteries... yum!) The service is as good (and as important) as the product quality.
5	Love this place.  One of my favorite bakeries anywhere, and I've been to a lot of them, at least in NY and LA.  The doughnuts are fantastic, as is the cream puffs!  A must is this bread pudding type dessert made with day old doughnuts with an apple crisp topping!  This is definitely a place I'm going to really miss once grad school is over!
5	Donuts and coffee here are amazing! Fast friendly service! Cute little local bakery :)
1	The staff is really nice, and it is a cute little shop, but OMG flies galore!  Flies crawling all over the doughnuts, flies dive bombing all around the store.  The only thing this place needs to complete it is Jeff Goldblum.
4	We stopped in to the bakery after a day at the local zoo (which is right down the street).  We (meaning my husband and our 3 year old) wanted to sit and have a sweet snack; and that's what we got! My husband had a nutless brownie... it was fine.  Nothing special, but OK.I had my first black and white cookie. Clearly a cake-cookie, it was super soft, thick and a little on the dry side (as cake-cookies are supposed to be).  I don't typically like cookies, but this one was actually decent, abliet way to HUGE!  (haha)Our daughter picked out a flower shaped sugar cookie with orange royal icing.  We were on vacation so I wasn't going to make her pick something more "sensible"... besides, if you're going to eat a cookie, get a cookie! This thing was the size of her little head!!  She ate about 1/8 of it.  My favorite part of the bakery?  The juice!! They sell some kind of all natural juice that is just out of this world good!! It looks like crap, all green and brown and thick, but it tastes AMAZING!!!  Plus, they have little tables and chairs to sit and enjoy your sweet treat, so that was nice.  The folks are super nice there, as well.It wasn't quite what I expected; when the name of the business says "gifts" in the title, I expected to be able to purchase more than post cards, but we got our sweet treats and that's all we really cared about.
5	Freaking ridiculous kringle. YUM!
