5	AWESOME experience and felt like a queen all the time .. 5 star
1	WORST BLOWOUT EVER!!! Had to come home and completely recurl my hair. Cannot believe I paid $60 for this. If you want a great blow out... Go to a proper blowdry bar. Also got my makeup done... Also had to come home and touch this up- no eyeliner was put on me which is ridiculous since I asked for a dramatic eye. Save your money!!!!!
5	This place is such a hidden gem! Right in the middle of the Linq - the girls are so sweet and beautiful! Great ladies night out getting my hair blown out and a cocktail awesome!!!
5	Was in town Memorial Day weekend visiting friends and we stopped in to The Style Lounge to check out hair products for my husband, who was in search of the perfect hair paste!  Staff was very friendly and knowledgeable about what he was looking for.  While I was in the salon I started talking with one of the stylists and mentioned that I was from New York and in constant search of a stylist that could cut my hair and long bangs a particular way and having a hard time for years finding that stylist.  After talking for a little bit I made an appointment and EUREKA I got the cut I have been explaining to stylists for years!  Monet was AWESOME, she listened to exactly what I wanted from the cut and now 3 weeks later my cut is falling into place just the way she did it that day!!  The salon itself is beautiful with a bar at the entrance, perfect place for friends to book haircuts together or pedicures and unwind with a drink :)  I am visiting again for Thanksgiving and will be making an appointment for another haircut!!  Wish we had Style Lounge & Monet in New York!
5	The syle lounge host myself and my girlfriends for my Bachelorette party. They did an awsome job on my hair and makeup! My girlfriend got her makeup done and it made her eyes pop! she looked gorgeous.  Everyone was friendly and they even gave us champagne to sip as we were getting ready.  I tried out their pedicure chairs (no pedicure though) and they were so comfortable and massaged like no other chair ive seen. Where can i get these for my house??? overall very good and would definitly recommend them.
2	Super disappointed. I paid over $80 for a style that didn't end up looking like anything I'd asked for. I was willing to pay the premium price for a special night out, but I left without the look I had requested. I would have asked for a redo, but by the time it was finally finished, I was already running late. Also, what's with all the other reviewers sipping on champagne the whole time? No drinks were offered, even though it was my understanding that it was a bar and salon. All in all, a lost gamble on my Las Vegas vacation.
4	The Style Lounge did my Bridal updo, my maid of honor's updo, my mom's blow out and my matron of honor's makeup.  It was a very nice experience.  My stylist (sorry I don't remember her name) looked at the pictures I had on Pinterest and was able to make a style that incorporated what I was looking for, while at the same time making it unique to me.  My maid of honor's updo was beautiful to.  I really loved the makeup they did for my matron of honor.  The makeup stylist did an excellent job on her eyes, especially.  My mom's hair didn't hold the curl so well, but with the Vegas heat, that is to be expected.  The salon has a full bar, and while getting our hair done we drank cosmos and mimosas.  They were approximately $13 each, which compared to other places on the strip is pretty reasonable.  I would definitely go back if I need my hair done for another special occasion.
4	Love, love, loved the experience at the Style Lounge!!!  Perfect place to get all glammed up before a show and a night out on the town.  It was a great and relaxing way to start the evening and feel like a million bucks as we left the salon.  It definitely added to our overall Vegas experience, as well!  The girls were great and very sweet, especially the makeup artist!  The bartender was great and very courteous, not to mention easy on the eyes...smart!  But sometimes he'd disappear for a while which was not great for business.  We arrived during happy hour when all drinks and some beauty services are 50% off.  Originally, I just went to get my hair done but how could I NOT get my makeup done when it was half off?!!  Oh and just when you think it couldnt get any better, I sipped champagne during my entire pampering session, which lasted about an hour and half.  They made us feel like true princesses and got us out of there on time to catch our show, Rock of Ages, which was TOTALLY AWESOME!!!  The only thing I would say was that my hair was not quite what I expected to get with the "Beautiful Mess", although I liked it, and messed it up a bit when I got home plus the makeup needed some editing to make me look more like me, before I went out.  They might want to have some more consistency between styles and stylists and set better time expectations on services so one doesnt have to rush to get you to the other.  I felt like the makeup artist couldve done a better job if she had more time.   Other than that I felt like I was walking on air when I left which set such an awesome, fun, and carefree tone to start the evening.   Thanks Style Lounge :)
5	I am basically a regular here.  Not only have I had may hair and make up done by them mnay times but they treated my girls to mani-pedi for their bday!  This place is great, the management is amazing and the staff if incredible.  Monet is a pleasure Jenesssa (Sp?) is one of my favorites.  Highly recommended.
3	Hard for me to rate this place because there were certain aspects I loved and others I was really disappointed in.  Had to go with a middle overall rating but here's a breakdown of my services I received and my thoughts:Makeup -- I LOVED my makeup I got done.  The MA really took the time to talk to me about what I like, what I wanted, what would work for me, etc. and I was thrilled with the result.  5 stars here.Hair -- I had my hair styled and the stylist listened to what I wanted and executed it flawlessly for me.  She was so speedy which wasn't a bad thing necessarily because my style still turned out great.  I had wanted a bit more volume than what it received, but I still loved my hair.  4 stars.Nails -- this is where the experience fell apart for me.  The technician was almost rude, really rushing me along and even had two people working on my nails at once at one point.  It was honestly making me anxious.  When my nails were done I could see they weren't painted down to my cuticle which was a disappointment.  Then within 3 days all of my gel nails were peeling.  Such a let down and definitely not worth it to get them done.  I went to my typical local place within a week and they fixed them for me for 1/2 the price of here.  And my gel nails typically last 3 weeks...so 3 days is just bad service in my eyes!  1 star.
1	I went to this salon yesterday to get my eyebrow cleaned up. They waxed my eyebrows to clean up the area, but they did not bothered to trim my hair. In their menu, it specifically said $23 for eyebrow clean up (hair trimming).  How can you have this on menu, but not do the job. I basically paid for a half ass job. In addition, they also got a little wax on my hair.
3	I love coming to this place after hours around 10pm when only the bar is open... The music is always loud and great but just wish they had a better variety... Also this is a bar at night but it's always so bright in there It would attract more people if the lights were dimmed of just lit up by candles or something but full bright lights kill the mood... Bartenders are great drinks are always perfect :)
