3	The delicious fresh grilled chicken you know and crave from the Sahara location now has another new location! Staff is friendly and they do online ordering and delivery. Menu of chicken and ribs, salads,  wraps,  wings, and hot and cold sides is the same as usual.  The only difference really is the bigger and cleaner space.My favorite is the three piece chicken with two sides,  but I never can make up my mind about which sides because they're all good. Unfortunately, my first visit here, they forgot one of the two sides I ordered.
4	FIRST TO REVIEW!!Came here for lunch on opening day. This place is legit and absolutely delicious, but expect to be in a food coma afterwards.The setup inside is very similar to the Chipotle next door. Tortilla maker up front and all the food prepared before your very eyes. I ordered the chicken and ribs combo. After you order you go over to the drink station where you are greeted by tons of BBQ sauces and what nots. The cucumber salsa thing is really good.The chicken was moist and tender, as were the ribs. Not fall off the bone, which is what prevented this from being a 5 star joint. I prefer fall off the bone.Bathrooms are clean and safe to use.I'd def come back.
5	I was in the mood for some grilled or rotisserie chicken and remembered that Nevada Chicken was opening today.  Friends have told me that the Sahara location is good for chicken and rib takeout, but that's too far for me, so I was excited for this location to open.  My friend and I stopped by for a late lunch.  It was after two, so it was busy, but not insane.  There was a DJ breaking down his equipment outside, so I am sure this place was nuts earlier.  The vibe is clean, fresh, and modern.  I loved the booths, open kitchen, and large TV screen menu boards.  The staff was very friendly and I was pleasantly surprised to find out that my order was 30% off today due to the soft opening. (Grand Opening this weekend).  The regular prices are a little high, but once I tried my food, I'm not sure I would have cared!  It was so good!  Definitely better than Boston Market or El Pollo Loco.I got the quarter white with cucumber salad and pasta broccoli salad.  It also came with a tortilla. The chicken was juicy and flavorful and steaming hot as was the yummy tortilla.  salads were chilled and had good flavor.  I liked that they serve the orders on real plates with real silverware.   I hate trying to ear chicken on the bone with plastic ware.  My only drawback is that they have Pepsi (yuck) and no fresh brewed iced tea.  But they have beer and Snapple in bottles.
3	This location is located right next to Chipotle in the busy Arroyo shopping plaza. I visited this establishment on opening day since a group of my co-workers were excited to give it a try. I have never visited the Sahara location and this was my first time trying it out. There was obvious 1st day hiccups. For example: cashiers stressed out and forgetting items ( they were trying their best so I can't knock em' for that) and missing items from orders at my table (most were corrected). I ordered the 1/4 Chicken w/ two sides- watermelon and sweet potatoes. The chicken was the star of the plate. It was pretty good and grilled just right. The watermelon was fresh and sweet. However, the sweet potato was so-so.  I also sampled my co-workers Mac & Cheese and it was super bland w/ watery cheese (really bad). Pros- I like that they use Organic Chicken   I like they have fresh ingredients for sides (like my watermelon) Fast and relatively healthy options ( you order/pay at counter and sit and wait for food)Cons-sides were a hit or miss....Sweet Potatoes were - MehMac & Cheese- GrossOverall, I like the concept and my chicken. Perhaps this site will improve with time and hammer our some opening hiccups.  Also, my co-workers all seemed to enjoy their meals. Thus, I give them a solid 3 stars. I would come back and order the chicken and just be picky about what sides I would order.
3	Stopped by during their Aug 1st official grand opening but sadly didn't arrive in time to grab one of the $25 gift cards they were giving away to the first 50 customers. I was excited to try their chicken because I had heard a lot about the other location and there was also a 30% off grand opening special. Rachel and I opted for the 3 piece dark, a full rack of ribs, and sides of mac & cheese. The ordering process kind of drags along because while the line goes right in front of the line where food is prepped and sides are displayed/scooped, you have to wait until you get to the registers to place your order. Why not have it like Chipotle/Cafe Rio where you can order your food and watch it made as it moves along? I mean it's all right there in front of you...but I digress...Anyways, back on track. Once you order and pay, you're given a number to place on your table and they'll deliver the food right to you similar to Smashburger and Jason's Deli. The chicken was juicy and the skin was flavorful and well seasoned. The mac & cheese was bleh and had no taste to it whatsoever! Was there even real cheese in there? Even a box of Kraft mac & cheese has more flavor WTF! The ribs were decent and had some good flavor and seasoning on it but you can tell they were just grilled and not smoked because they were hard to get off the bone and some parts were a little overcooked. Decent nonetheless, but at $21.99 per rack, wouldn't be worth it without some sort of discount.The staff were all very nice although some of the cashiers seemed confused during the ordering process and their attention was not always focused on the transaction. The whole store seemed very hectic but that's typically the nature of a new business and hopefully with some experience, everything will run much more smoothly in the future!
2	Waited more than 30min for my food, workers were in the back eating pizza, not well organized..
3	All I seem to eat daily is chicken, chicken, and more chicken.  Maybe I'm over-exaggerating, but at least 3 of my meals each day involve chicken.  That being said, I should know what a good tasting chicken taste like.  I should know what a cooked chicken taste like.  When Nevada Chicken Cafe opened, I immediately bookmarked it because of their selection and prices.  I was here about a week after they opened and was treated with great service, a clean restaurant, and again, good prices.  For about $10, I got their half roasted chicken with a side of their sweet potatoes.  First of all, their sweet potatoes are phenomenal.  I would come back just for this.  Then there was the chicken. Again, I got the half chicken which consists of a breast, wing, leg, and a thigh.  The leg and thigh was good and full of flavor. I was almost an instant huge fan of the Nevada Chicken Cafe and let me stress...ALMOST.  It was all downhill once I got to their breast and wing.  Both looked cooked on the outside, but raw on the inside.  I understand, maybe it's an adjustment period for them. But since they specialize in chicken, they should at least get the cooking right.  I ate the pieces that were edible (i.e. not red or bloody).  I didn't complain or bring my dish back.  I figure that they'll improve and I hope they do.  Their chicken dropped my rating. Overall, I am just giving them 3 stars for the service, their menu selection, the prices, and their sweet potatoes. PS:  The ribs looked good.  They at least looked cooked.
5	Great new places for ribs and chicken.. Tender and great flavor.. Clean and friendly services.. Must try, especially those days you can't decide what to eat..
2	I first tired Nevada Chicken Cafe at their location on Sahara Ave and found the chicken to be dry and the side dishes unappetizing. After reading my review, the owner Nico invited me to the opening of his second location to give his food another try. At this location, you stand in line and walk past the food before placing your order at the register. I handed the young female cashier my $25 gift card and she said today we have 30% off so you should save the card. I told her that I wanted to use the card today and she told me I was crazy. She seemed very inexperienced in handling customers. I wanted to sit inside but the sewage smell was so bad I was forced to sit outside on a very hot day. My friend and I sampled the:Breast meat- more moist than the other location but still bland and skin had a rubbery texture Pulled pork sandwich- first pulled pork sandwich I have ever seen on sub sandwich bread. Pulled pork was finely chopped and red onions were randomMac & cheese- bland, watery, the cheese tasted like it had come from a packet Baked beans- artificially sweet, tasted like it came from a canColeslaw- average coleslaw, I have had better at the grocery storeWatermelon- mediocreChocolate chip cookie- hard and ordinary Nico was busy but I wanted to ask him what inspired him to open a soul food like restaurant when it is not his culture.Overall the food here is ordinary and the majority of it does not taste homemade.
2	If you like chicken and house music, you'll love this place.  I actually liked the food, but whoever is selecting the music over there apparently spends his/her evenings at every club on the Strip and just can't get enough.  I got stressed while trying enjoy my food and had to leave.  If they change the music, I give this place 4 stars.
2	So there was a lot of buzz about the Nevada chicken cafe at the office so a few of us stopped out for lunch. The place was very clean which scores a lot of points with me, however it was not enough to earn more than 2 stars from me. I tried the 1/4 chicken with the 2 sides of  mashed potatoes and gravy and the feta and spinach pasta. First and foremost, the chicken was dry and the portion was pretty weak. (maybe i just got a wimpy chicken) others that were eating the same thing looked much better and bigger than the one I got. The chicken is similar (but not as good as) the little rotisserie chickens you can buy at Von's or Smith's. The only two things that set it apart from said grocery store chicken, is that Nevada Chicken cafe's chicken is dryer and there is a little bit of a citrus taste on the skin. The mashed potatoes were not to different from KFC's mashed potatoes. Not all that great....and finally the pasta, if there was feta cheese on that i would like to know where it was. I love feta cheese and could not notice it in the pasta at all. It was actually pretty bland which was very disappointing.Other than the food, the place was clean, the staff seemed nice and we got our food quickly.  I may give the place one more try in the future just with lower expectations.
1	I had been to the Sahara location before and was very excited to have a location closer to home.  I went there tonight and ordered half a chicken and a full rack of baby back ribs with 2 sides to go. When the girl charged me $39 I almost fainted, but  I hoped it would be worth the money. When I got home and opened the bags, my order was all messed up. Instead of a full rack of baby back ribs, they gave me 1/2 rack of dry St. louis ribs, the gave me an order of rice I did not order, and the chicken was completely dry, I mean, it was so dry we didn't even eat it. Last week I bought a chicken from Costco that was juicy and tender, unlike this overpriced dry stuff.  The only one winning is going to be my dog, who is the only one who will want to eat this chicken. I believe the girl taking my order didn't quite know how to take orders (after all it is a new location) and that's why I got charged so much. I will prob. Go tomorrow w my receipt (that is not itemized) to see if I was charged right.  Save your money and go to chipotle next door or buy a rotisserie chicken at the grocery store. The only plus is  that the location looked nice and clean.
1	Worst. Restaurant. Ever!!!!The cashier knew nothing about the menu. I asked what dressing/sauce was on the Chix Pasta. She didn't know and had to ask. I asked which ribs were leaner? She didn't know so had to go ask. I stopped asking questions after that.Ribs were salty. How can you mess up mac and cheese and mashed potatoes? They managed to do so. The place was messy, the employees looked disorganized so service was BAD. Their concept reminds me of California Chicken Cafe in LA but they come no where close. $30 down the drain on a horrible meal. It was hot inside, sun beating down so you had to sit in the back area with screaming kids. Definitely save your money...go to Costco and get a whole rotisserie chicken. So much better!
2	Went there the day they opened.  Had the three-piece chicken meal with two sides (fruit cup and beans - beans are obviously canned).  It was OK, but a bit too salty.  Music was too loud too.  The manager was handing out Free Meal coupons so I went back again today.  My free meal wasn't really free.  I had to pay for the drink and sales tax.  Strike one and two.  Ordered baby back ribs and beans.  WAY too much salt in the rub on the ribs.  Strike 3.  With this and my last lackluster visit I have decided that I won't be back.
4	I got the Hawaiian wrap w fruit salad and my fiance got the mozzarella wrap w mac and cheese. I thought my wrap was good, lots of flavor. My fiance was not a fan. His wrap was suppose to have balsamic and olive oil but instead had some sort of creamy dressing, maybe the house dressing? He said his mac and cheese tasted microwaved.
3	Had the 1/4rib, leg & thigh combo with mashed potatoes. The chicken was moist with a crispy skin which I really like. The ribs were a little dry which I covered up with barbecue sauce.  The sauce was pretty good with a tiny bit of heat. The mashed potatoes were nothing special. Daughter had a house special wrap. Nice size with all fresh ingredients. Some of the chicken still had the gristle attached which for my fighter wasn't good. She said she wouldn't go out of her way to order that again. Wife had the chicken chile bowl, not much chicken and it was more like bean soup than chile. If it had chunks of chicken instead of shredded maybe would have been better.
2	When you hear of charcoal grilled chicken, you know it gotta be good, right? Damn, it gotta be better than the gas grilled El Pollo Loco, according to the cashier. Well, answer will depend on who is doing the cooking. In this case, NCC has failed badly.I went and visited their southwest location (located on S Rainbows) a week after their grand opening hoping for some delicious chicken. I was so disappointed afterward and here is why:The chicken is soooooooooooooo dried and way under season. Basically they seasoned just the outside of the chicken, so the only place you can taste some flavor is on the chicken skin. The meat was so dried and bland, it felt like chewing glue instead of chicken. By the way, for a place that just opened, the restrooms were so nasty and smelly. Good thing I ate before I went there to wash my hands, otherwise the appetite would be ruined. Ewwwwwwwwww.As for the cashier, the answer is: El Pollo Loco chicken does taste better :-)
2	We came here the week it first opened. What a waste of money... For two of us for lunch, we spent around $30, absolutely not worth it. First of all they didn't have anything we wanted. My husband wanted the pulled pork and they ran out. What would have helped is if they put a sign or blocked out what they didn't have. Or at least mention it before we ordered. No one said anything to us. Actually yes, no one said anything to us till they felt ready to serve us. We stood at the register for a while, the girl running it looked like she was having a really hard day. Felt bad for her. :(After ordering our food, went to sit, noticed entire place was a mess. There were used dishes on a lot of tables, and the floor was dirty. We wiped down a table to eat at.They brought us our meal and it wasn't anything we ordered. I ordered a ribs combo and he ordered a chicken combo. We both got two ribs and chicken served to us. In the most unflattering manner. We tried to get it fixed, one guy told me that is how it's served, told me that was what I ordered. Absolutely not, since my husband didn't want any ribs to begin with. I went over to someone else and had it sorted out. They said they would fix the check and do a discount of some sort. We waiting around for 15 minutes for that to happen, nothing, so we just left. As I was leaving I noticed some people had garnish and whatever on their plates. I didn't have any of that. Neither did the guy sitting behind me... Chicken was dry... Ribs were dry... Too salty, like someone had a bag of salt and served protein with it. Gravy on the potatoes tasted like it came from a fast food joint.
1	The food is bland and expensive. The ribs have no flavor. The mashed potatoes were lacking taste. The only thing I liked was the Pepsi.  This place should really shut down.
3	I'm always excited to try a new place and on my way to my favorite chai(located right next door) I decided to try NCC. I had the 1/4 rib, leg and thigh combo which comes with one side and a drink. The sides are the exciting part of the experience but due to dieting I couldn't try the ones I really wanted(Mac and cheese, mashed with gravy..etc) so I decided on the cole slaw. It was very dry and bland. Tasted like there was no salt or any seasoning for that matter and barely any mayo or vinegar, couldn't tell what style it was. The chicken was just ok, nothing to run back to for. The ribs were the best part of the visit. A decent amount of meat and packed with flavor. They put a cup of BBQ sauce on the side for dipping but I like them dry. I will be back to give them another try or go to their other location that has been open longer.
1	Saw owner opening walmart chocolate chip cookies, and then repackaging them as their cookies, yuck! When they opened their first store it was great, but over the years the flavors have changed and the chicken is bone dry. Any grocery store rotisserre chicken is better. Ordered 1/2 rack ofribs  for $13.49 , they gave me 4 ratty looking ribs. Mashed potatoes are so bland. Gave this new store a chance but, not going back.
1	This place is highly disappointing . The food wasn't good at all , and way over priced !!!!!!!!The chicken And ribs I ate tasted like they had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. My wife had a wrap and they left out some of the ingredients . Both of our Mac and cheese sides were cold . My wife also found a hair in her cucumber salad . They also started to mop right in the middle of our meal the whole place smelled like fabuloso . Not exactly what I want to smell while I'm eating . And last but not least not one employee was nice or smiling at all . We will stick to chipotle !!!! (Next door and our original choice ) gave it a shot !! We will not be back !!!!! One star only because I had to!!!
1	Very overpriced, very disappointing,unfriendly staff. Food wasn't seasoned so it didn't have any flavor,sort of warm from sitting under the heat lamp. Mac n cheese was cold took it back to the counter, they exchanged it for another scoop and it was cold also.No hand wipes to clean your hands after eating ribs, which didn't have any flavor and the bottled sauce tasted like store bought as did the baked beans.Also very confusing when you walk in as there aren't any signs saying order here or pay here, so don't we know were the line begins. Waited 10 minutes for our fast food to get to our table,no trash cans to throw away paper cups,napkins,no employee was seen cleaning tables so we didn't know what to do with our dirty plates,so just left them on the table as did other customers.  We spent $ 25.00 for the most expensive fast food we have ever had, and we won't be back. We will go to our favorite place "Chipolte" which is next door as we were going to do but thought we would try the new chicken place.
2	The food is not bad BUT the manager was walking around the kitchen vaping and one of the cooks dropped a utensil on the floor then picked it up, wiped it off on his apron, and started cooking with it again.
5	I was a little skeptical when I read other's reviews, but this place is actually really good.The food was hot. The chicken and ribs were cooked perfectly and the side ( corn on a cob) was pretty fresh. I wished they had a full rib rack combo because I actually preferred the ribs to the chicken, but everything was delicious. The garlic sauce is also a must have.Don't be intimidated by other comments, check this new location out!
4	You know, the place just opened. I tried it closer to opening day and I had checked yelp then before going in, and the reviews were really mixed. When I had gone in, it seemed a bit chaotic and the people working there were obviously trying to get a handle on things. The food wasn't bad then, and it's even better now! They are really turning things around now. They must be getting into the flow of things, because my food was even more amazing, as it should be, not dry at all like some other reviews depict it to be(although things change between one cook to another I'm sure!). I'm giving it four stars instead of five, because they still need some work to get things top notch. I'm sure as time goes on they will improve and I will review it again then!
5	Ribs are delicious! Chicken is yummy! The staff is friendly and the sides are perfect.
3	Meh. I've had another location and really liked it. This one had a limited selection and my wrap I ordered was suppose to be chipotle chicken. It came out sweet. I didn't hate it but I didn't finish it ethier. My Mac n cheese was def AMAZING. I'd most likely pass this place up again though.
1	This place has the absolute WORST service in any restaurant in all of the Las Vegas valley!We had this delivered to our offices and it was pretty decent.  Ribs are super meaty, like twice the amount of meat than their local competitors.  Chicken and sides and wraps were just ok.I figured I'd go the the restaurant and see what the food is like when it's fresh.  HUGE mistake!  The line was long due to a clearly incompetent cashier who had no business operating an electronic device.  The register was way too much technology for her and had to punch in everyone's orders at least twice.  We order and go find a seat.  There were lots of open seats, but they weren't cleaned off from the previous customers.  Nearly the entire dining room had not been bussed.  We and other customers had to ask repeatedly to have someone come and bus the tables because there was no clean tables to sit on.  The cashier begrudgingly went back and asked someone to clean off the table and gave an attitude that transled to: "Why are you even bothering me? That's not even my job.".The tables finally were bussed and we got seated. 25 minutes went by and my kids are antsy at this point.  We're all hungry and want to eat already.  Other customers looked agitated too.  35 minutes go by and some guy I'm assuming is the manager is going from table to table talking to the customers that are still waiting on their orders and I can see some of them getting visibly upset.  The guy gets to us and asks if it's okay if we wait another 20 minutes. WHAT THE F? He said they ran out of ribs.  How do you run out of ribs at a rib joint?  THAT'S ALL YOU DO! Why didn't the cashier say something before I ordered?  F this, I'm not waiting an hour to eat. I go to the register to demand a refund and find a long line of customers also wanting a refund.  Remember the incompetent cashier from earlier?  I think her brain exploded from trying to figure out how to do a refund on a card transaction because she simply gave up and started refunding credit card transactions in cash to the nearest dollar instead.  I'm pretty sure she got fired for being short on her register count at the end of the night.  Well that just about nails it. I'm not ever going to this place again, and I suggest Yelpers not go there either.  Get it delivered if you're jonesing for mediocre BBQ, but don't ever set foot in the place.
2	This was my first time here and it smelled good from the outside. The cashier was nice and answered our questions  since it was our first time there. Our food came out quickly. There was a small sauce bar. I got the hot sauce: which was basic Louisiana hot sauce, nothing special.BBQ: I was really looking fwd to good BBQ sauce but this was basic stuff that can be found in A bottle. The cucumber salsa: the tastiest thing there.Ranch:came from a bottle.1/4 white The chicken:DRY DRY DRY Mashed potatoes; comparable to KFC. GROSS.Marconi and cheese: I read the other reviews and was expecting some good Mac and cheese. That was not what happened. SOO BLAND. EXTREMELY BLAND. I'm extremely disappointed but good customer service.
3	Recently we decided to try this place. With high hopes we walked in and loved the smell. The menu is easy to navigate. I walked up to order my family meal and waited while the order taker talked to the kitchen staff for about two minutes. Then she took my order and was fairly rude while doing it. I asked a few questions as it was my first time. She was very snippy and not very clear. She asked if I wanted baby back ribs or  St. Louis ribs? I said we'll let me ask my family she said 'oh we'll you'll get the St. Louis because we ain't got anything else.' I was finished ordering and was highly disappointed in my first experience at this restaurant. Our food came and the lady set it down and walked away with a huff and puff. Very strange no ok here is your food or do you need anything else or enjoy your meal. Just a huff and puff. We started eating and realized they gave us half of our tortillas and only one side. I went to correct this and get our food (thinking it was just a misunderstanding). The lady (same one from ordering)said oh we brought you all of your food. Then she checked with the kitchen people and realized she was wrong and got me my food without apologizing. Oh and the claim that their tortillas are 'homemade' they aren't. You can go next door to walmart and buy the 'uncooked' tortillas in the refrigerated section. They are the same. Finally we sat down to eat and it was delicious. The food was great! I would love to eat here fairly often. The sauce bar had two sauces and a bunch of empty spaces. The bathroom was clean. The eating area was clean. The music was horrendous. It was loud and was--what I imagine-- club music to be. There was some language that was not great for a family with small children. I will be back but only for the food and probably after I forget about the terrible service! Maybe for take out.
2	Tried this place out for the 1st time today and was Highly Disappointed!I ordered the 1/4 Rib, Leg & Thigh Combo with Mac&Cheese. Although the Chicken was cooked all the way through it Lacked Flavor. Just Salt and Pepper, and  No Mesquite or any other type of BBQ smoke I was expecting. Heck, the BBQ I cooked last night with plain ole Kingsford briquettes gave More Flavor than this place.Ribs were Tough, not anywhere close to Fall Off the Bone, lacked Flavor too.BBQ sauce, I don't know where they hid it, I saw the bottles of Hot Sauce, Not Labeled by the way, a weird watery Salsa, the Ranch Dressing, and Whatever diced up salad, but No BBQ sauce.Mac&Cheese, I think someone Forgot to Add the Cheese, it was just Mac&Some Creamy salted substance.After hearing about the Sahara location, I was excited about the New Location in my neck of the woods, but after spending almost $13, I don't think I'll be coming back any time soon. Maybe I'll try the Sahara location, who knows.2 Stars for the Cleanliness and Nice staff, but for a Restaurant, the Food Needs to be Flavorful and Needs to Taste good!
5	We had driven past this place a few times, always promising to visit it, and finally did. When you walk in the smell was amazing so we had high hopes for some good BBQ and weren't disappointed! I read the reviews about rude employees but the lady at the front was so nice and helpful with the menu. We had the pulled pork & BBQ chicken sandwiches both were delicious! The Mac n cheese could have used more "cheese" flavor but other than that we couldn't complain. Our picky 2 year old daughter loved the food as well! Hopefully people will give this place another chance!
4	I honestly don't understand all these negative reviews. I am a super picky eater and I loved the food here. The spice rub on the spare ribs and the chicken were SO good! It reminded me of the home cooked BBQ I had when I was younger. The BBQ sauce was also really good although I like mine a little more acidic. The only thing I wasn't a huge fan of was the mashed potatoes but I couldn't put my finger on what I didn't like about it other than the fact that they just didn't taste right. But the potato salad was to die for!
3	There is absolutely no reason why this restaurant should get anything less than three stars. And to be honest with you they would've gotten four stars in my opinion if there food service was better. The smell coming from this restaurant is phenomenal. The dining room is extremely clean and the atmosphere is very welcoming. They have a great menu and they have a lot of options for many different types of people. The food was fresh and organic and tasted amazing! I had a half roasted chicken with baked beans and a side salad. (I eat low carb)! It was delicious! My fitness ordered ribs which smelled amazing,however one of my friends and I received our food right away and the other (who ordered first) didn't get her food for 10 more minutes. The distributing part was people who ordered after her received there meals. But when they did finally bring out her food she was pleased. I'll go back again and I'll bring people to try it! I just suggest that management steps up on the service quality.
2	I love a good rib so I got a half stack of baby back ribs.  The ribs were big and looked good, but they didn't have that smell or tenderness a good rib should have.  It was okay after I put some BBQ sauce on it, but nothing to write home about.  I also had a side of Mac N Cheese, but as Heather S. pointed out in her review, very bland.  So I mixed in some BBQ sauce and it was much better.My friend got the pulled pork sandwich but it looked like a strange sub in a tightly wrapped paper.  It contained onions which was not disclosed to her when she ordered so she had to spend most or her time picking them out of the tight sub.Overall, this place does not impress.
1	Very disappointed!!!! I waited 10 minutes on the phone to place an order. I was then told that they were super busy and my order would be ready in 30 minutes. I had no problem waiting 30 minutes considering I still needed to drive there, but when I arrived I had to wait another 15 minutes in line just to get to the counter to pay and was told that they couldn't make half of my order because they ran out of potatoes!!!!  After somewhat of a sorry, I paid and ended up having to go another restaurant to get more food so I could have a complete meal. By the time I finally got home.....everything was cold!!!!
2	Wasn't impressed. I ordered a half rack, and mac as my side. The ribs looked good, and it was a healthy portion, but they just didn't have anything special going on. Served dry, and I don't think they spent much time in the slow cooker. The BBQ sauce was pretty standard fare, and served in an awkward glass bottle that made for difficult pouring. The mac and cheese was bland, very disappointing. And a side tortilla was an odd addition for a rib plate. It was very clean, the staff was friendly. I wanted to like the place, but the flavor just wasn't there. I kind of felt like I was at El Pollo Loco. For the plate and a Bud Light, I spent $20. For a few bucks more I could have gone up the road to the sit-down bbq chain and had a much better meal, with bold sides and corn bread. With the handful of other BBQ places in town running stiff competition with some real authentic down-home skills, these guys are going to have to step it way up in the flavor department if they want to keep up.
4	Nice friendly people great food I had a chicken and rib combo wow is it good I've been 10 times in the month they have been open
2	Horrible setup.  Probably wouldn't come back. Food okay. Doesn't live up to Sahara location. No beef option.
4	Yelp seems to take down my review for this chicken cafe looks like they just leave the bad ones up this place is great hot delicious food nice people ribs are  great i hope that yelp leaves a few of my reviews up.keep it up Nevada chicken
2	To be completely fair, this is my 3rd visit to this spot since it opened.  The first 2 times were higher than the 2-star marks for sure.  The food quality and service was great and the restaurant is very clean and inviting.Today, the latter 2 were both true.  Nice cashier and still a clean and friendly place to visit.  The unfortunate part came with the meal.  Me and my lunchmate ordered 2 wraps.  Both came out looking very nicely presented.  When we took the paper off, the wraps both completely fell apart with ingredients and sauce all over the outside and falling out of the back.  It was actually embarrassing trying to eat them.  We ended up dissecting them on the plate and knife & forked them most of the remainder of the meal.  That's an issue that can be overlooked...maybe only a start loss for expectations being missed.  What killed the other stars for me was about 3/4 way through my 'open faced' chicken wrap, I got a mouthful of lovely crunchy chicken bones.  To add to my embarrassment of the sloppy mess I tried to manhandle, I got to spit an entire mouthful of chewed food into my napkin like a 4 year old.  At that point, both of our appetites were completely destroyed.  It only takes one bad experience to ruin a restaurant for me.  Especially when the establishment sharing a common wall with this one delivers quality and service that's expected every single time.  And they apparently have a much better manual entitled, "How To Effectively Wrap Food in Tortillas".  Sorry to rain on the parade...I had high hopes, but they've been thwarted.  :(
1	Went here for lunch twice and both times I was disappointed. First of all the manager or whoever he was wearing street clothes filling salads and sides with his bare hands after handling money and his personal cell phone was a huge turn off.. Secondly both time I went I ordered a wrap. They say they're handmade tortilla which is a bullsh%&, each time the wrap fell apart when I opened it and each time the wrap had small bones still in the chicken....... REALLY? You can't even train your staff to take bones out of chicken? Poorly managed!! The California chicken cafe is what turned me into this spot, it's amazing in California. Actually real slow cooked rotisserie chicken, not 1 hour fast food style rotisserie. Might as well be a cheap el pollo loco, el pollo loco has them beat by a large margin!!!
3	I cannot comment on the service too much because I only have done take out. But, the food is pretty good. Especially the chicken, but with a name like they have their chicken better be good. I was not fond of the Mac and Cheese though. I was more like macaroni elbows in Alfredo sauce. Very disappointing. The rice was orange, but actually fairly good. Overall pretty decent. I go back but not for the Mac and cheese.
4	Good and the offer made it worth it. Might want to turn on the AC
3	Called in order and receieved timely service. Ordered a whole rack of ribs and 3 pieces were pink and undercooked. Maybe the end of the rack was hanging off the end of the grill where it was not hot enough. Mac n cheese was a little watery and underseasoned in my opinion. My bf thought it was good.
2	I'm not really sure how I feel about Nevada Chicken Cafe. The food was a little on the bland side and I didn't feel the need to finish everything on my plate.They have an extensive menu of sandwiches, rotisserie chicken, wraps, ribs and salads, but nothing stood out to me so I ended up with a Hawaiian wrap with fruit salad.The chicken was ok, but not very plentiful or flavorful. All of my dining companions had the same lackluster response to the meal. For the price, the meal didn't really live up to our expectations.
3	I feel obligated downgrade my NCC rating after three sub par experiences.  The first time we went was during their grand opening and it was fantastic.  The next three times, however, the service, cleanliness, and food had slipped way below the high bar set on my initial visit.  The staff are rude and unknowledgable, the food (mainly the rotisserie chicken, mac & cheese, and tortilla) have been cold and bland, and the place is overly smoky.  If the food were being offered at El Pollo Loco prices, I would not be so quick to criticize, but at almost $13 for a chicken breast, two sides, and a drink, I expect a bit more.  Clean/cleared tables would be a good start.
5	My second time here and we'll reading these reviews I don't believe these people. Have a little patience for a new restaurant. Our first experience was great, and so was this one. The staff is nice as can be we ordered to-go and literally 5 mins later our food was ready. That fast we were shocked! The reviews complain about timing. Don't kill a place just cause you didn't stuff your face in 5 mins. Enjoy your food. Let it savor and let the sauce just over take your taste buds. This place deserves a good review not angry women hating for having no patience. I have no patience and this place sure did not waste my time.
3	Cheap BBQ..its something that they do a great job at but their sides could use some work..i reccomend potato salad, mac n cheese, corn on the cob all the other sides are whatever
3	First the good...the food is really good with a nice selection of grilled goods and a solid lineup of side dishes. Seating is comfortable and a tip for newcomers is to take advantage of the outside seating located out the back of the restaurant. Very comfortable seating as well. Now the not so good... service is on the slower side and the different cashiers I've encountered are struggling with the computer. This of course can be remedied by better training and when that happens Nevada chicken cafe will be a solid 4 star location.
4	I don't know where to start... AMAZING FOOD! My favorite meal on the menu is the Ribs and Chic(dark meat) combo, the 3 piece dark(2 legs and a thigh) and their ribs are delish! Everything's all FRESH! Organic chicken, fresh sides. So don't expect it to be a fast food. Good and fresh food takes its time. Chill atmosphere, generous workers, overall, OUTSTANDING!!!!!
3	They were very nice very friendly the ribs were ok the chicken was okay the food was just okay
4	First time here.. Ordered the combo Chicken and Ribs, it came with a side and drink. I would describe the flavors as salt and pepper with some additional mild seasonings (there are some self serve BBQ sauce on the side). Both the chicken and ribs were cooked to a nicely crispy outer crust. Just a little dry, so not a lot of fat on either of the meats.  I'd say this is a healthy version of eating ribs. Low sodium, fats, and nothing was burnt. So long as this place can stay consistent with their cooking, I thought it was fine and I'll return. Price was around $12-$13 for the combo dish.
3	I had a problem but it was resolved to my satisfaction when the owner personally called me to get to the bottom of it. I now think it's a manager problem and/or employee problem and my problem was an isolated case and will try this establishment again to see if I get different results. We have always been satisfied with the Sahara location over the years and I trust that this new location will be on par with Sahara in the near future. New locations always have a few problems to be worked out and I'll give them the benefit of the doubt. I've been assured that they always serve the freshest of foods and the owner's word is good enough for me as he seems like a man of integrity by what I could tell over the phone.
5	LOVE LOVE THEIR RIBS AND SIDES!! The people there are always so nice! It is a bit pricey but worth it to us! We order here often! May not look like much but it's awesome!
2	This place is basically a fast food place posing as a casual upscale restaurant. The  prices are comparable to Church's, Pollo Loco etc. And the other reviews are accurate - Chicken is okay, white chicken is a little dry but that is what you can expect from white chicken. The ribs are what really slide this restaurant down the drain. The ribs are not good, fatty with no meat, and overcooked. They had an identity crisis and should have just focused on chicken. I was pretty disappointed overall. If you view this place more of a fast food joint, as opposed to a casual upscale, it will help with expectations and your experience will be more enjoyable. You can't trust ribs from a fast food joint.
5	Excellent as always. I tried the Chicken Vegetable Soup for the first time. Outstanding.
4	This place was something I have never heard of or seen before, right in the Walmart shopping center on rainbow and 215. My sister and I decided to try it out. A nice sit down eatery in between fast food and restaurant status. Area is really clean and cashier helped us out. The ribs was delicious very tender and there was a bar of sauces to choose from, barbecue, salsa, and horseradish ranch very yummy. I ordered the CHICKEN AVOCADO wrap and it was awesome! I bet the chicken they make are always fresh, slowly grilled rotisserie style. The ingredients tasted fresh as well. ROTISSERIE CHICKEN at its finest.Definitely coming back .
1	Don't even waste your time! instead, go to El Pollo Loco a mile down Rainbow.
4	Come see mike, great bbc and incredible service. The hands down best potatosald and some of the best chicken chill soup around.
4	Love that the food was just as outstanding as the Sahara location. Mike and the Sahara team were also cooking! Great meal - just wish that they had the outdoor cooking ambiance
5	We got to sit and watch football while listening to music and eating great food. We both got the combo for $10.99. It included 3 ribs, a leg, thigh, side, and drink! So good!
4	I came in for dark meat chicken and ended up ordering the chicken and rib combo (with Chicken Pasta side).  It was wonderful!I'm glad to finally find a bbq place that does a rub rather than crappy, sugary bbq sauces.  The rub mix could use something to spice it up a bit, but the meat was perfectly cooked.... not slimy, fall off the bone and not chewy... perfect 'bite into it and easily pull off the bone' ribs.  The chicken was cooked just as good.I'm normally not a fan of pasta, but this stuff was good, albeit not much chicken in it.I'll be back!
4	We usually eat here once a week.  We've enjoyed the food that much. However, I'm hoping last Friday night was a fluke and not a sign of things to come.  The corn on the cob was terribly over-cooked and inedible and the wings were half the size that they've been in the past.  We're really hoping it was just an off-night.
2	My family loves chicken and ribs so we were so excited to check this place out. But we did not know this was a "healthy" place...I guess if that's what you're into, then great. But if I'm gonna eat some ribs, I want them fat and juicy. These just didn't hit the spot. And we spent $50 for three of us to have LUNCH. Crazy. I did see other customers with some salads and wraps that looked pretty good. If we go back, I'll opt for one of those. At least then the healthy part makes sense.
5	After seeing this place countless times, I finally decided to stop in. I was skeptical, because I think it's hard to find good barbecue in Vegas. I'm glad I stopped in, I had the pulled pork sandwich with the cucumber salad as a side, and I loved both! The sandwich was large, and sauced perfectly. The salad was surprisingly tasty, it's like sweet pickled cucumber slices and onions mixed. I'll definitely be back, and I can't wait to try the ribs.
4	Have driven past this place numerous times and finally decided to try it out. We ordered the 3 piece meal with Mac and Cheese and the Rib and Chicken combo with potatoes.Different experience than we thought. We sat down and food was brought to us on plates versus a styrofoam box. Food was good. Chicken was rotisserie and had good flavor. The ribs were really good. We should have ordered a full rack! The offer food to go and in family meals. We will be coming back to order more.
4	Love the bbq chicken, mashed potatoes w/gravy, and caesars salad!!A most fabulous lunch!!!
3	I've heard a lot about this place, and after a workout, decided this was the place to try for the protein needs. It wasn't bad. Honestly, I'd like to come back here and try a few more things. My wife ordered the pork sandwich and for me personally, the bbq sauce was too sweet. It needed more kick and maybe some smokiness to offset the sugar content. I had the the bbq chicken sandwich with the coleslaw. The chicken was good, moist and tender...the slaw was not so good. I do not like dry slaw and this was drrrrrryyyyyyy. Creamy is where it's at otherwise it's just cabbage.Service was good though, you order at the counter and they bring your food to you.
