5	Great store, fair prices...good customer service.
5	Great store, tired of going to Leslie's where everything is overpriced and high pressure sales people.  These guys tell you what's up and give you the cheapest option.  They price matched my cartridges $100 less than what Leslie's was charging.  Recently my in floor cleaning valve broke, Leslie's $232, NPS-169 (price match).  It's 3 miles farther away from my house but worth this place has already saved me a few hundred bucks and they don't annoy me when I walk in the door.......
5	I was going to another store where they talked over your head and push everything on you. My wife showed me and ad for these guys. They are father from my house but well worth it. No pressure. Just help.Enjoyable!
5	I just wanted to say how Glad I was that I checked out NPS Pool Supply. Nels was extremely helpful diagnosing my problem over the phone. He took Great care in explaining what the problem was & replaced the part for me. I found him very knowledgI just wanted to say how Glad I was that I checked out NPS Pool Supply. Nels was extremely helpful diagnosing my problem over the phone. He took Great care in explaining what the problem was & replaced the part for me. I found him very knowledgable and trustworthy.I will definitely continue to do business with NPS & let others know about my experience.Sincerely,John Vojacek
5	My family and I will be moving out of the South Chandler area. This might sound funny, but one of the things I am going to miss most about the area is my local NPS store. Nels from the NPS store on Val Vista in Queen Creek has been saving me money for years. He's basically just about taught me everything I know about pools. This NPS store is an awesome awesome place! Mostly because of Nels...for me anyway. When I walk into the store and see that he's working my confidence to get my issue fixed immediately skyrockets. Bummer that we're moving, but if you're reading this and need assistance with your pool....do not go anywhere else but NPS.
5	Their prices are much better than the other pool stores. The guys working here are very helpful.
