4	I've been to this UPS store multiple times and i always leave satisfied with my experience.  I used to run a ups store in the past,  and every time i come in the place is clean,  the staff is attentive,  and all my packages that I've sent have all arrived undamaged and on time. These guys run a good professional store.  Even though there price is a little bit high, you get the extra care and attention that you are paying for. I also like the fact that since they are close to the UPS facility, they have one of the latest outgoing UPS times in the city.Cheers! -MikeB
1	I came in here to mail a package, I was going to buy the tape, box and bubble wrap here but was told that I wasn't allowed to package the product in the store because that would be like "bringing burgers to mcdonalds" clearly the anthrax wanna be looking manager doesn't have a very good handle on analogies since I was buying their product in their store to package with. That would be like if I went to a mcdonalds bought the burgers but was told employees had to chew my food for me. Go to a different ups store because they don't deserve your business at this one and while it's their store policy, it is not any other ups store policy that I have ever been in.
4	Conveniently located and always friendly, though a tad difficult to find for those not familiar with the pavilion.  Stamps, UPS, and plenty of packaging material - pretty much par for the course in this sort of spot but served with a smile that is quite uncommon.  Small and never with a line, even during lunch, this UPS store has kept me from the USPS for nearly 4 months and for that I can smile.
4	I always drive to this UPS store. The 2 guys always working (one was named josh) are so nice and helpful every time I come in the store. They are quick and I am right in and out the store with no worries. They get my packages delivered on time and provide peace of mind. Go to them !
5	Dane was a great help with a package that was not a conventional shape.  Helped us Quickly, got a confirmation email before leaving the store.  Great service.
