4	Went twice for dinner.  Two dishes blew me away...The Fish Basil, and the Pad Thai.  I've been to 20-30 Thai restaurants, and the the Pad Thai was perhaps the best I've tasted.  Other dishes were ok, but didn't stand out.  These included: Beef Noodle Soup, Massaman Curry, Red Curry, Pa Ram Chicken, and the Somosa, and Steamed Dumpling appetizers.The place was full by 7:30 Saturday night, so you should probably make a reservation.
5	I have been to many, many Thai restaurants from NYC to Philly, Allentown PA, Orlando, San Francisco, and even in the Midwest.I was in town this past Friday (June 12th) visiting my daughters (in college taking Summer classes) to celebrate the birthday of one of them. When deciding on where to go for dinner, one of her friends recommended this restaurant.What a surprise this little restaurant was!  I understand that the entrance is a bit unconventional, but for me that was part of the charm. We asked to be seated in the back patio, it is MUCH better than the inside seating (which is adequate) with a center fountain and lots of flair. On the way there you walk past a lovely garden of flowers and vegetables.Everything we ordered was wonderful - we started with Crab Rangoon and Chicken Satay which were both amazing. The Peanut Sauce was very tasty. For dinner, my Pineapple Fried Rice was the best I've ever had. I ordered that because it is a simple enough dish and I thought at least I would be able to eat it. The surprise is that it was soooo good that the rest of the dining party kept asking me for spoonfuls of it.My daughter had the Pad Thai (another safe choice) and it was also the best we've had. The other people in the party had dishes that were also very very good.The dessert blew us away: not the usual choices and very good. I had the pumpkin custard over sticky sweet black rice (YUMMY). My daughters had the coconut-banana roll and loved it. The fourth person had the sticky rice with mango and he was very happy with it.The service was very good; from the hostess to the server everyone was very friendly and helpful.Reading the first review on this page I was scratching my head. Did this person go to the same restaurant I did?? I am definitely going back the next time I am in Pittsburgh.
5	Fantastic. The outdoor garden is great. Very reasonable. BYOB.
5	The food here is great. I'm not typically a huge fan of Thai Curries but Nicky's does an excellent job. I'm a local so ever time I go there I see some of my neighbors, it's a great neighborhood place. It's small, but they have seating in the backyard in the nice weather.
5	This is my favorite Thai place in the area.  I've gotten a lot of different entrees here over the months, and I would recommend:- wild curry (fantastic)- spicy eggplant- pad thai- fish with basil- most of the saladsThe curries tend to be OK, but not stand-out fantastic.  People in my party have occasionally gotten the green curry (but, thankfully, have never had the upsetting salmon-colored dish alluded to by Dr. K).  It didn't strike me as particularly memorable in either direction.
5	"Oh my god, when I die, please put one of their dumplings in my mouth and I'll be able to die happy!" I know this is going to sound terrible, but I almost didn't want to write a review for Nicky's because it is so good that I didn't want to share it with everyone in Pittsburgh!  It's just that special!!  (Or at least my love of their dumplings is!)Quick, caring service and great food.  I'm not a huge fan of super 10+ spicy food but according to others that if you order something that you want to clear your sinuses they'll give it to you!
4	Best Thai in Pittsburgh hands down.I've been here several times with my girlfriend and I've had a different thing from the menu every time I went and have yet to be disappointed.  Their Pad See Ew is the best I've had anywhere and their various curry dishes are top notch.  Service is great and both the indoor and outdoor seating are very quaint and not overdone.  My only issue is that prices tend to be a bit higher than other places I've seen for Thai, but if you're in Pittsburgh and are looking for a good Thai place, don't pass up Nicky's.
5	Visiting from San Francisco... This place is excellent... We had pumpkin curry (which was really acorn squash), dumplings, tom yum shrimp soup, and thai iced tea,. They know how to adjust the heat so that you can handle it.  Refreshing food that will cool you in the humidity and warm you in the cold.  Pleasant ambiance.
5	This is my favorite Thai restaurant in the Burgh.  The prices are great and it is  BYOB.  I've had several of the items and all have been great.  My favorites are the Massaman Curry, Pumpkin Curry, Pad Thai, Spring Rolls, and Steamed Dumplings.  Quaint outside seating area when it is nice out.
4	Chicken Pad Thai was pretty good. Great flavor to the thai chilis.
5	Awesome everything.if you like spicy food you will love it here. Authentic and a great wait staff. Sit in the patio if you can. Byob.
4	Nickys thai on Western ave on Pittsburghs North shore is outstanding! I have seen one reviewer slam this place on a few different sites.  I have no idea where this venom comes from.  Every time i have eaten here, and every meal my wife and friends have eaten here, has been great. I would give 5/5 stars, but no one deserves that ;).  The staff is great. The food is great. No liquor license, but you can BYOB and no corkage fee.  I am military. I have friends w/Thai wives. I have eaten Thai in LA, Boston, San Fran, numerous other cities.  This place is at least as good as any other restaurant or HOME I have eaten.  The menu is great.  The wait staff is great.  One night, my wife droppedher water glass on the table. It shattered and ruined our food.  The staff came out cleaned it all up and brought us new meals gratis.  All without a single cross look or word.  Like I said at the beginning I don't know why a person would sl this place not once but several times.  I just have to try and set the record straight.  Oh and the interior is flat out gorgeous as well!
5	The BEST Thai restaurant in Pittsburgh! I love that it's BYOB and they have a beautiful patio in the summer. It CAN get a little noisy (especially if someone has children with them) and the wait staff can be a little spotty, but the food is excellent and the decor is very tasteful.
5	Went here for a girl's night first, then a date with my boyfriend and was impressed both times! The restaurant is quaint, but decorated cool, with great lighting. The staff is welcoming, and the tables are intimate. Both times, we started with the fresh spring rolls, which are awesome and I love that they are sliced kind of like sushi rolls. The dipping sauce is so yummy and has crushed peanuts on top. BYOB is always so good on the wallet, and I love seeking out BYOB restaurants. I got the pumpkin tofu curry (spiciness 5, i think) the first time and it was so amazing I ordered the exact same thing the second time. The pieces of asian pumpkin in it have such an amazing consistency and taste so great in the warm, creamy pumkiny goodness. The tofu was also a great consistency, and cooked very well. The brown rice is super dark and hearty, and just feels so healthy to eat! It rounds out the meal great. I convinced my boyfriend to get the pumpkin curry as well (he got it with chicken) and he loved it too! The spiciness was just right, a little kick, but didn't blow your socks off. I'd recommend this place to anyone for a date or get together! I love Nicky's!!!!
4	Great Pad Thai...pumpkin and black rice dessert eh ok. Nice service.
5	Third time's the charm! Took my mom who has never had Thai, and she LOVED it! Her fave was the fresh spring rolls. They are some of the best I've had, great size, yummy peanut sauce! The waiter was super sweet and friendly and recommended a dish for my mom to order... Basil something, with chicken and rice. I forget the name, but it's one of the specialties. She was ballsy though and ordered it a bit too hot even though the waiter warned her... The dish started at a 2 or 3. I of course got the pumpkin tofu curry AGAIN (I have issues) and it was a home run. Great amount of pumpkin, tofu, all mixed in the lovely coconut-y sauce. Heaven. This is my new favorite place to take people!
5	This is the BEST THAI I've had in a really long time! When we got there, we had to wait about 15 minutes even though we had a reservation. It was well worth the wait though! The dining area is really small but the restaurant is authentic and the atmosphere is relaxing. Ordered the Thai Toast for an appetizer - they weren't crunchy or soft. Perfect consistency and they came with a wonderful cucumber sauce which made the dish complete. For my entree, I ordered the Shrimp Red Curry. This was my favorite dish of the night! We got a spice level of 5 and it was perfect. YOU MUST GET THIS DISH! My boyfriend got the panang curry, which he also loved.The service was excellent. Can't wait to go back to Pittsburgh so I can go back to Nicky's Thai kitchen!!
4	This place saved my life. I was in PGH for business & the restaurants around my hotel were pretty dismal. A local recommended I check out Nicky's and now I can't stay away!I eat a ton of Thai food at home in LA and I had very low expectations for Pittsburgh. Nicky's is the real deal. Every time I go I try something different and let the waiter order for me.  The portions are big enough to have a tasty lunch and leftovers for dinner. The mango chicken curry with brown rice is divine. It's very basic but the mangoes are freshly cut & dropped right into the curry sauce which may not feel right to some people but trust me. I asked for heat level 6 which was just enough to give it a kick & I was not clearing my sinuses every two minutes. I've also loved the garprow chicken lad kao.  It was spicy, delicious and the egg on top brought another savory element to the mix. Every dish I get has chicken and here it's the real deal. It's lean & good so don't worry about weird grisly meat.The only bummer was their pad kee mow, or spicy basil leaves. For some reason every Thai place in Pittsburgh serves it with very little basil and a bland gravy... much different that anything else I've experienced.If you're on the north side, tuck yourself into Nicky's. You won't be disappointed!
5	This place is great!Location... residential but not out of the wayFood... delicious, very flavorful. Was able to let them know how spicy I wanted the food on a scale of one to ten, and it seemed correct.Seating... back patio is awesome... very nice.Service... was visited often, my glass of water was continually topped off.Drinks... people next to me brought in wine, so it appears to be BYOB. Always a plus!
4	Still my favorite Thai place in the burgh thus far. It's small and cute. Reservations are suggested, especially for dinner, but is always crowded. Their back patio is extremely nice, great atmosphere with Thai decor and gardens. Everything is always great and I have yet to find a better yellow curry, anywhere. Their tofu is always spot on too. In addition to everything being so delish and consistant, their prices are excellent. Lunch is especially cheap and comes with soup or salad. They are BYOBPros: Summer, great outdoor seating.cheapexcellent quality foodCons:Always busy and quite loud inside
4	I visited this place on the advice of the Yelpers, and it was lovely. I hadn't had time to make a reservation and they were completely gracious about it and squeezed us in. Sitting outside on the back patio is really lovely, as it really does feel like a little oasis. I had the red curry, which was excellent. Spiced perfectly and the vegetables were just cooked enough, but not mushy. The jasmine rice was also well prepared (I loathe mushy rice). I also had the spring roll, which was easily the best spring roll I ever had, with the balance of cilantro and basil perfectly complimenting the noodles and vegetables. The dipping sauce was also light, without veering into sickly sweet territory. My husband had the noodle curry which was AMAZING. I like my curry, but kept trying to steal his. Again, perfectly cooked vegetables and the rice noodles also weren't overcooked. However, Nicky's has only four levels of hotness--mild, medium, hot and thai hot. I ordered hot and my husband ordered medium, and his dish was easily as spicy as mine. Our two dinner companions ordered the chef special soft-shell crab, which I wasn't overly impressed with, but it wasn't bad, necessarily. The coating for the crab was a little greasy and a little soft. The wonton soup which everyone else ordered was very delicious. The broth was extremely flavorful and the wontons were so light and well seasoned. I could eat buckets and buckets of the stuff. They were quick to refill water glasses and attentive in their service. I wish I lived here so I could get takeout from here all the time. I would recommend for fresh, quick and extremely flavorful thai food.
5	Yum yum yum. Best Tom kha soup in the city. Other favorites are the panang curry and spicy noodle. Be sure to ask for brown rice.
4	I consider myself to be a connoisseur of pad thai, and Nicky's did not disappoint.  I especially liked that the peanuts were on the side, so I could decide how much to add.  The outside patio was great for dinner and there are umbrellas in all of the tables for those venturing in the daylight.  You can BYOB, and all of the servers were super nice without hovering too much.It's located in the recently renovated Allegheny West neighborhood, and the only reason it doesn't get 5-stars is that it's a little out-of-the-way even for North Siders.
5	What a nice little place. The outdoor seating is extremely pleasurable. BYOB is a plus, and the food is great.They do have sort of weird hours. If you are going on the weekend, make sure to check, as they close between "lunch" and "dinner".
5	Nicky's Thai Kitchen was truly a great experience. I was really surprised with everything here, and did not expect such an experience. I had heard about this place once or twice and was all about going. I ventured over with two friends (one who has been there before) It was a stormy summer Pittsburgh night, but he insisted that we sit outside, which was fine with me!  We got there around 5:45 on a Monday evening so it wasn't busy at all. We walked out through a small dim lighted dining room then out to the patio, which was beautiful little oasis. Filled with plants and Buddhas. It was actually the perfect environment to sit outside during a storm. There were about 20 different colored/patterned umbrellas covering the patio, which made it all the more charming.The service was good, and the waitress was patient with us while we decided what we wanted. She also carried food outside while it was raining (the patio was completely covered by umbrellas so she didn't get wet at all!) But nonetheless we tipped her well! My friend & I ordered the Grilled mint Beef Salad & Pumpkin Curry with pork to split. I could not pass up either of these entrees! The waitress asked us how spicy we wanted it, and we said very spicy. The Beef salad was first, and might I add it came out rather quickly. It was a refreshing combination of tender beef, lettuce, red onions, tomatoes, cucumbers, cilantro, mint, and a spicy Thai chili sauce. It was an excellent array of flavors in my opinion. Although, I can't say I've ever had a similar dish, so it was easy to impress me.Next was the Pumpkin Curry. I've had pumpkin curry one other time and it was good, but this blew me away. Soft nibblets of Asian pumpkin, basil, coconut milk, and a spicy red curry. It was a good level of spice for me, but I'm assuming they brought us the spiciest level, I would expect a little more for 'the spiciest level' though.I also ordered a Thai iced tea, sweet & refreshing. It is BYOB, which we didn't know. Next time we will bring our own bottle of wine for sure!I gave this place 5 stars ( I am easily impress though) The food was excellent, I left there completely satisfied, Service was friendly & quick, the outdoor seat was perfect! If you go there definitely request a table outside, even if it's raining. Honestly the stormy atmosphere made it more enjoyable, for me at least! And all for just under $25, you can't go wrong. All the curries were $12.50, usually good curry is around $14 so I was super impressed by this.
4	This was wonderful for a nice quiet lunch. We sat inside overlooking the outdoor space. What we had: Chicken Satay (good grilled flavor and the satay sauce was delicious!)Spicy Noodle Lunch Special (very good flavor and nice and spicy like I asked for)Pad Thai (a great version!  Peanuts were on the side to make it easy to add as much or as little as you wanted!)Food was good and service was quick.  Will definitely return!
4	What an oasis! We went into Nicky's Thai Kitchen on Friday and due to the small entrance of the restaurant I looked skeptically at the waiter who was going to bring us to outdoor seating.Lo and behold a minute later we found ourselves in Thailand. There are a lot of props around you but it adds to the experience. A con was that we were seated at a table for two with the table umbrella exactly in the middle, which was cemented to the floor tho we just shifted our seats over.Food errs on the cheap side for dinner generally speaking - $10 - $20 for entrees and under $10 for apps. Nicky's Thai Kitchen does not skimp on the portions. We ordered fresh rolls and I ordered the Beef Phad Phet. Delicious. Waiter was friendly and checked in on us periodically. I would be back to Nicky's Thai Kitchen though will be bringing back some wine.
5	This place is fantastic!  We go as often as our budget will allow - it's one of our favorite spots in the city.  The atmosphere is phenomenal.  If it's nice out, ask to sit out back - the garden is relaxing and beautiful.  The food is terrific and the service is always very good.  The crab rangoon appetizer is our favorite.
5	I always try to find a Thai place that can come close to Bangkok 56 in Harrisburg, PA , because bar-none that is the best Thai you can find in America. When I was referred to this place by some locals...I was skeptical. Once getting seated on the back patio dining area (which is great during warm months) I had a hinkling this was going to be good. Well I wasn't let down at all...in fact impressed - this is bar far the 2nd best Thai I have ever eaten! Their food is fit for a king and is extremely authentic. I will return to this place and brings friends many times over. Great menu selection and prices. Awesome Thai!!!
5	Went with a friend after work and sat outside- would definitely recommend!  It's a very nice atmosphere, the staff were very attentive and the food was very good for the price, in my opinion.
4	What a little gem of a restaurant! They have a lovely garden out back...it feels like a hidden gem on the north shore.The Thai food was good, probably not the best in the city, but certainly competitive.  We had pumpkin curry, pad see-ew (sorry for the butchering of the language), and some appetizers.  I thought it was great - but my friends have made it clear I'm not a Thai food expert.The service was good and very accommodating.Between the great outdoor seating, the great food, and the great byob-ness of this place - it will be on regular rotation with me.
5	I am just getting into Thai food and I do have to say that Nicky's Thai Kitchen is getting me hooked on.  First, I am impressed with the interior of the restaurant.  While walking in, I thought this was just some cheap restaurant that my friends dragged me to.  But the moment I walked into the dining area, I couldn't stop looking around.  This place was TINY.  Super tiny but it was nicely decorated EXCEPT for the chairs.  The chair corners kept stabbing me in the legs.I love their Tom Kha Soup.  The bowl was large, it was rich and all the vegetable in it made me feel good to eat it.I also had their Pad See Eaw with beef.  It reminds me of Beef Chow Fun but with a sweeter taste (and less oil).  I also had their Basil Duck and Seafood Noodle.  The Seafood Noodles were good but I didn't prefer it over the previous two dishes.  I wasn't impressed with their Basil Duck but did love eating all the vegetables from the dish.  Their Thai iced tea was good but isn't the best I've had.  I could be a tiny tiny bit sweeter.If it is your first time, try the Tom Kha Soup and Pad See Eaw.  As a college student, I found this place moderately priced.  Definitely wasn't cheap.  If you're eating by yourself here, you'll be out a pizza and some wings.
4	please please please do sit outside...really does feel like you're in thailand,the food was decent and you can bring your own booze,it's great for a date or even a friday night dinner with your gang...and it's reasonable too!loved it!
5	Whoever is in charge here does their job with a lot of love apparently.  The decor is beautiful, with flowers on every table.   And the food is presented beautifully as well--every dish looks like a work of art.   Once you decide that it's time to stop looking and start eating, well, then the real artistry shows.  I had the spicy green bean and peppers and it was seriously some of the best food I've ever tasted.  I'm a huge fan of Thai food, but probably not an expert, but it was my favorite Thai experience so far (including restaurants in LA and NYC).  Can't wait to go back.
2	I can't understand the great reviews. This place is adequate but there's much better Thai food to be had in Pittsburgh, such as Green Mango.  I tried the Phad Thai which was OK but the shrimp were way overcooked. I also tried the Panang curry which is one of my favorite Thai dishes. Theirs had some hotness from the spice which was fine (I asked for level 5) but in terms of flavor it was bland and runny compared to what I've had elsewhere. It is a very cute little restaurant and definitely has some charm but I found the food disappointing and I'll have to see if I'm going to give them another chance to win me over.
3	I agree with Jason G. about his review I don't understand the high reviews for this particular Thai restaurant its mediocre Thai food at best and I've had a lot of Thai food. I wanted to like this place a lot but a las its so-so. There isn't a lot of flavour  with any of their curry dishes and they ARE EXTREMELY RUNNY. Maybe its me? Maybe I need to up the spice level a bit? I don't know but I was hardly impressed with either their Yellow Curry or their Pineapple Curry. The staff is super friendly though!
5	Some of the best Thai food I've ever had, perfectly balanced flavorful savory dishes served in an attractive atmosphere by friendly staff, thai food perfection!
5	One of the best pad Thai dishes I've ever had.  My friend got a curry dish with an 8/10 spiciness level, and it was delicious!  Excellent service, tasty food! Can't wait to come back!
4	After bemoaning the fact that I had a not so great Thai lunch a few weeks back, I got some messages from fellow Yelpers that I should try Nicky's Thai Kitchen.  This place is only half a mile away from my North Shore office.It's tucked away on a beautiful block of Western Avenue.  I would have driven by this place had it not been for my GPS alerting me to the fact that it was on my right!  I lucked out and got a parking space right in front of the entrance - street parking only, no lot, so factor that in to your lunch break if you are like me and on a tight schedule.I got there about 12:45pm so it wasn't quite the lunch rush.  Good thing because there are just a few tables for dine in service.  They were doing a very brisk takeout service.I went with my old Thai standby:- Pad Thai with chicken and tofu, medium spiceIt was cooked perfectly and absolutely delicious.  I asked for the spice tray which was very comprehensive: Sambal, Thai chiles in fish sauce, dried red pepper flakes and something else I couldn't identify (sugar? that doesn't make sense but that's my guess).  The Pad Thai was very tasty without it tasting like a ton of MSG.  It even came with soup (chicken rice today) and a little crab rangoon.  The damage including tip was right at $15 (Pad Thai plus $2 extra for tofu and $2 for a Diet Coke).  A little pricy for lunch, but well worth it.
4	Finally, a visit to Nicky's!  It's been a long time in the making....but totally worth the wait!I'm a classic Pad Thai girl.  I know, I must stray at some point, to enjoy some other delicious goodness...but for my first visit, it was mandatory to try it since it's my fav Thai dish!  I ordered the Shrimp Pad Thai.  I just come to expect those little tiny shrimpies in my seafood dishes instead of the large and in charge ones, but I received about 5 large, freshly cooked shrimp. Major points, from the girl who eats every shrimp on on the plate at cocktail parties!  I'm into spice, but can't take a lot of heat (it just gets messy around the face area, trust me!) so I gambled and went with a 4 out of 10.  It was the perfect amount.  Made me a little sniffly, but no major tissue issues to worry about!  I was into the fact that there were almost equal parts sprouts, I love those crunchy little strings!  Super extra special bonus, a tiny crab rangoon that was awesome!  You definitely don't get one at Spice Island!  Although the one thing I do love about Spice Island is they use just the right amount of sauce.  I could have gone for a tad more on my dish...but that's me just being picky. The plate was massive and I ended up taking some home.  For me, that's a rarity, since I usually chow down the whole plate.  So you KNOW that's a ton of food!  Service was great and the place was tiny, but super cute and intimate.  I'll definitely go back and perhaps become more adventurous with my Thai food ordering.  I also have to try the Thai iced tea, I kept glancing over at my neighbor's.  But the Jasmine tea was just right for the day!
4	So far the best thai food i have had in Pittsburgh, the Pad Thai is really fantastic.  Either pork or chicken, cant go wrong.  Also Massaman Curry and the Penang are great as well.  I usually get take out since but have eating in the restaurant.  Nice outdoor seating in the warm months, but inside it can get loud.  The only negative aspect of the menu i can think of is that the appetizers are nothing special and can be skipped and the spicy level is not consistent between dishes.  You can request the spicy level you want but a 7 one day might seem like a 3 another day.  Food is still great though!FYI bring you own beer/wine.  There is a bar on the coner that sells six packs and also a wine bar close buy where you can grab a bottle.
4	Recently came here with a large group of friends for a birthday.  Excellent service and great food.  Corkage fee is first 2 bottles free, and the rest are 3 dollars.  Can't beat that!Here I ordered the Lhad Na with tofu and at a number 8 on their spicy scale.  Very good.  However, I feel like they didn't give me a real "8" on their scale, because I'm white.  My asian companions ordered 8's and their dishes were notably spicier.  Nonetheless, very good food!  I can't wait to come back.  Definitely the best Thai I've had in Pittsburgh.
3	The food was perfectly spiced and wonderfully flavorful. It felt so good to have AWESOME thai food again. I loved the intimacy of the restaurant and the other patrons seemed to genuinely enjoy themselves too. The only reason I am giving it three stars and not four is because the service was astonishingly terrible. There were only three other couples dining and it was really really strange how our waitress wouldn't look in our direction or come over to our table to see if we needed anything. When she finally did come over she apologized with a laugh but then continued to act the same for the duration of our dinner. My boo eventually got up and went to the kitchen and asked for a refill on my soda. Judging by the other reviews this is not the norm, but I was extremely disappointed. I will be back though, everything else was great.
5	Best. Thai. EVER.This small, neighborhood delight is unassuming at first glance. Make no mistake about it, those chefs in the kitchen you see upon first walking into Nicky's are hard at work, creating not only the best Thai food in Pittsburgh, but perhaps anywhere. The dining room is small but nice enough, but the real treat occurs when the weather is nicer and you move your dining experience to the patio. Beautiful foliage, babbling fountains, subtle twinkling lights, glass top tables with protective umbrellas...it's what I imagine dining in a secret garden would be like if Buddah was watching. And then, your food arrives.The spring rolls are light, tasty, with just a hint of crunchy peanuts. They are served with an amazing sweet dipping sauce. The samosa are incredible, lightly fried, and in addition to the traditional fillings such as potatoes, peas and carrots, they have added a very welcome layer of...pumpkin. Any samosa I've had since trying these treasures has fallen way short. Now, I'm the kind of girl who orders Pad Thai pretty much everywhere I go. I can't seem to stop myself. Nicky's Pad Thai is in a whole different league. The plate that is presented to you is vibrant, fresh, the tofu is always perfectly cooked, beautifully sauced, and the portions are definitely enough to provide lunch the following day. After trying the Pad Thai, it took me probably 5 visits to Nicky's to finally branch out and try something else on their ample, tasty menu. Other standout dishes for me? Definitely the yellow curry, the spicy noodle dish (rice noodles, cabbage and a yummy spicy basil sauce), the kao soy (yellow curry remix with rice noodles, pickled cabbage, tofu. My new go-to dish). There is another Nicky's location in Verona, and we have gotten take out from here on a few occasions. The menu is the same. The quality and consistency of the food, however, is not. It's decent Thai food, but certainly not what I've come to expect when I think of the extraordinary flavors of Nicky's.This is a special, wonderful restaurant. The service I have had here has always been nothing short of stellar. I will continue to frequent here and hope that they continue to be successful. I just hope with all the new people that discover this North Side gem, there continues to be a table on the patio for me.
5	Great Place, BYOB, Small and quaint, very good atmosphere.  If you lke Thai you should go.
2	For a man who claims to love Panang curry as much as I do, how on earth did I resist their special of softshell crab panang curry?  I can totally see why this place has gotten the high reviews, it's cozy, the service is good, and they even have an elderly Thai woman working in the kitchen (can't get much more authentic than that)!Instead of the softshell panang, I went with their "signature" mixed seafood pad thai.  As soon as I saw it.....smelled it, I immediately regretted my decision.  When you think of ideal seafood, you might think of pristine scallops and shrimp, and crabs gently plucked out of the crystal blue waters surrounding, say, Fiji.  The seafood in this Pad Thai looked like it was dragged in off the coast of New Jersey, pulled up in oily nets and left to sit in the smog filled air.  It was not good.  To be honest, the shrimp wasn't even edible, and the pungent taste kind of scared me off from the rest of the large white "seafood" chunks on my plate.  The rest of the flavors were decent, although I got absolutely NO heat from my medium spice preference.Don't get me wrong, I'd definitely come back to this place, and I'm sure it's great, just avoid the seafood pad thai.
4	There are half dozen of good thai restaurants in Pittsburgh area that I can name, but I give Nicky's the best rating. It is small but cozy and clean. The servers are very friendly and know very well about the foods (which sounds odd but some restaurant EEs dont know much about the foods they are serving). I usually go there with a group of friends to share appetizer plate, tom yam soup, main and a dessert. Anything with basil is my personal favorite. it is BYOB.
4	I had dinner here for Valentine's Day which is perhaps not the best occasion to review a restaurant, so I'll be lenient. The dining room is very "cozy," and the table I was sitting at experienced an icy cold draft from outside which forced me to wear my coat  through dinner. The servers were not very attentive, but I'll assume that was because of the holiday rush.On the plus side, the menu had many interesting choices, and the quality of the food seemed decent. I think I was expecting the best Thai food ever due to all the positive reviews, but I came away thinking it was no better than the other Thai food I've had in Pittsburgh. On the other hand, it wasn't really any worse either.To sum it up, since the North Side is a bit of a drive for me, I probably won't be back, but if I lived in the neighborhood I would certainly give it another try.
5	Now, I'm no Thai connoisseur but in the last year since first trying Thai food, I've tried it just about everywhere I can in Pittsburgh and anywhere else I've ventured. I've also been obsessed enough to take Thai cooking classes and begin cooking at home. So, where did this little obsession begin? Nicky's Thai Kitchen.My wife and I frequent Nicky's about one-a-week, on average, and it's currently one of our two favorite Thai places in Pittsburgh. We love the Smiling Banana Leaf, as well, but our proximity to Nicky's usually gives it the nod.We've sampled just about every part of the menu at this point, and I can't say that I've ever been truly disappointed. The biggest food disappointment was probably the choo chee fish, but not because of flavor. The complaint is due to the new dish that they serve it in. The tables are just too small and cramped to deal with the giant fish-shaped metal serving dish they're using now.One other potential complaint goes out to those of you with a lack of love for spicy food. My wife usually orders a spicy level of 3 or so, but we've had a few meals of hers come out in the 5-7 range. Considering how often we've eaten at Nicky's, I'd say your odds are still good, though, that you'll get what you want.The only other complaint is that when it gets crowded, you REALLY feel it in the winter. Your personal space can feel non-existent depending on the layout of the tables, and the noise levels start to get a little too loud, but hopefully your food will make up for it. The warmer months ease this issue, as the outdoor patio - while also small - provides enough alternative seating to open up the floor and make for a more relaxed dining experience. Not to mention, the outdoor space is really nice.As far as the food, I've tried an assortment of curries, noodle dishes, rice dishes, soups, and appetizers. I'm a huge fan of their fresh spring rolls. The rest of the appetizers aren't going to standout too much from the pack (all good...just pretty typical), but the fresh spring rolls are done really well, with a nice balance of flavors, and perfectly-softened rice wrappers. My favorite app there was the corn tods, but those were only on their specials menu for a while. They were excellent corn fritters that weren't too greasy and heavy. I hope they bring them back in the spring/summer.The noodle dishes are all very good. My favorite is the spicy noodle, but the pad thai is an addictive go-to, as well. In fact, I could probably eat either dish every day of the week. All of the curries that I've tried have also been excellent, as well as some of the chef specials. The Gaprow Lad Kao is a fun spicy basil & ground meat dish over rice with fried egg on top. It came as a recommendation from our server once, and it's become a regular dish of mine, although it's usually a little too much food. The other basil dishes are excellent, and their Tom Kha soup is very good. Recently, they've had crab fried rice on their specials menu, and it's incredibly good. When you think "fried rice", you tend to think of that heavy, greasy kind from your hole-in-the-wall Chinese restaurant or hibachi, but Nicky's pulled off a fried rice that's light, simple and incredibly flavorful with a nice amount of crab meat!Stopping short of reviewing every dish I've tried at Nicky's, I'll just say that it's worth checking out if you're looking for good Thai in Pittsburgh. Nicky's is a nice BYOB spot that doesn't charge a corking fee, has nice, speedy service, a great outdoor area, and wonderful food that you'll likely become slightly addicted to.
5	I've lived in Pittsburgh for 4 years and have also lived in Philadelphia and New York. I can safely say that this is one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh and easily compares to Philadelphia restaurants. Nicky's Thai Kitchen is literally a gem - I wish I had discovered it earlier. Great food, great service, great everything. Perfect place for a date. It's a small restaurant. During the summer time the patio opens up and it's pretty awesome.The wonderful manager- Jean Paul - made some great recommendations including pad thai, beef pad phet, and (pineapple/tofu curry?), along with some ginger tea for the table. Soooo good! Thanks Jean Paul! Made my night - thanks for being so courteous and attentive even though the restaurant was pack on a Saturday night, dinner time!Also, just so you know, its byob. I recommend you make reservations and not to be later than 15min...(store policy)...we went to the bar next door to while waiting.Warning: Desert and food preparations are big!
4	Cool restaurant with good food.  Bring your own wine and sit out on the terrace when its warm.
4	Excellent Thai. The crab fried rice came in heaping portions with a lot of crab, but a little bland. The Tom Kha soup was silky smooth and the best I've had. The service could have been more attentive.
3	I really want to like this place, i really do!!  I went with a group of 6- nice atmosphere, really friendly service--but my food, it was ok.  I wanted it to be great! This was my second visit, the first time I sat outside in July, which was beautiful.  Inside is cute too.  First time i had pad thai, this time i had the wide flat noodle with tofu...it just tasted like egg--everyone else said the food was good to 'meh'.  I gave 3 stars because the food wasn't great, but the service sure was.
5	Great food, great service, great everything. The best Thai food in Pittsburgh. A gem. Don't forget there is also a location in Verona that is just as good.
2	I LOVE Thai food and am generally pretty easy to please, but I was so unhappy with our meal that I was actually inspired to write a negative review.Disclaimer: I have never been to Thailand so maybe my Thai palate is more American and not authentic... maybe this is authentic Thai and is just not to my taste!  But IMO this Thai was very different from any other Thai restaurant I've ever been to.We got the Mixed Curry and Pineapple Curry-- curry is always my go-to dish and, I think, a good dish to judge a restaurant on based on the complexity of the spices/flavor. Both of these curries were thin and very watery, not the thick curry I expected.  They were both 'spicy'-- ie, a lot of hot pepper-- but all you could taste was generic 'spice', no complex delicious flavor-- a classic bad curry IMO.  AND the vegetables were FROZEN MIXED VEGETABLES, not fresh-- ie cubed carrots.  Are you kidding me, for $11.50?!?  The prices were higher than other Thai restaurants too.  It's too bad, b/c Nicky's is pretty close to my home.  I have yet to find a Thai restaurant in Pittsburgh that comes even close to rivaling Thai Cuisine on Liberty Ave in Bloomfield-- cheaper, by far more delicious, great service.  Make the trek there!
1	I usually don't complain and am easy going but what happened to me at this place was absolutely unacceptable! I had a reservation for 3 at 7:15. We weren't seated until about. 7:30 and placed out order around 7:45.  At 8:40 we asked our waitress where our food was and she said she'd check. Came back a couple minutes later saying it would be just a few more minutes. Come 9 we still had no food.  In the meantime I watched 2 other couples be seated AND get their food while we had nothing.  The manager was a spineless guy who was so uncomfortable with confrontation I almost felt bad for him.  Anyhow at 9 we got up and left. They offered us our meal for free but considering it still wasn't ready we just left.  I almost feel bad writing a negative review because the food may have actually been good, however, we never got any but the horrid service forced my hand. We called up Pusadee's and they were sympathetic and were more than willing to take us even at 9:20 (considering we had to drive there from where we were at).
3	i have been spoiled by really good thai food in nyc.  this place is ok.  i like that there are levels of spiciness but i find the system wholly inconsistent.  our main courses and spiciness levels were as follows: chicken phad thai (7), duck basil (8), and beef panang curry (8).  the phad thai was ok and not spicy.  the crispy duck had some good flavor but it was supposed to be in a spicy basil sauce and there was hardly any sauce and also was not that spicy.  the panang curry had good flavor, lots of sauce and the spiciness level was like a 10 - not even close in spiciness to the other dishes though it was supposed to be the same level as the duck and slightly higher than the phad thai.  i can accept some variation in the levels but not radical variation.we also had the surprise combo which is a combo of tasty appetizers that comes with a variety of sauces.  this is good for a group.service was very attentive, which was appreciated, and the courtyard is really cute except for the legions of slugs on the wall.  one slug was under the table and fell on the person next to me which was pretty gross.
5	Amazing Thai food, generous portions, amazing staff and the outdoor dining is delightful.  Can't wait to return on our next trip through Pittsburgh.  Lovely neighbor for a stroll after dinner on the block behind the restaurant.
5	I've been eating at Nicky's Thai Kitchen for several years, and every time I go back they seem to have improved and they seem a whole lot busier.  It's getting to be a very popular place, and for good reason.  They serve excellent food at reasonable prices.  Also, I absolutely love the patio garden in the back.  The decor and plants are beautiful.  I asked the staff who waters the plants, and they said they do the work and that it takes an hour to water everything.  Regardless, I love the Spring Rolls, plus just about any dish on the menu is good.  I ordered a "7" on the 1 - 10 spice scale and my dish was definitely spicy enough.  The wait staff is attentive and helpful, and our food came quickly.  I had the Chile Mango Scallops, and they were delicious.  I highly recommend Nicky's.
5	They should add a tagline to Nicky's Thai Kitchen as Thai food heaven. If you are from out of town (like me), don't be fooled by the entrance of this restaurant. Once you go it, just ask for a table outside and you would be surprised to see the decor and the Thai cultural design of their outdoor seating. My wife and I visited the National Aviary which is less than a mile from this restaurant. We spent almost 5 hours at the aviary and wanted to eat lunch at around 3PM. So, I looked up nearby Thai restaurants on Yelp and Nicky's shows up first on the list. Quick look at the reviews and menu on my phone and we were on our way to check this place out for ourselves. Luckily found metered parking right in front of the restaurant. We entered not being very sure how much longer the restaurant will be open for lunch. There were hardly any people dining inside the restaurant. My wife asked to be seated outside even though it was around 90+ degrees heat. When we walked out through the wooden structures and plants and golden buddha statues and entered the outdoor seating area, it was 75% occupied and the Sun didn't even seem to bother any of us. The menu is extensive with all the traditional Thai dishes. We ordered a veg fried rice and a eggplant stir fry with tofu. Both the dishes came with a choice of soup or salad. Everything tasted real good and the staff service was very nice. We clicked a ton of pictures of the place as it was very beautifully done with waterfalls and statues and wooden wheels etc. When the bill finally arrived it was less than $20  for a heavy meal with excellent service and ambience.
5	Best Thai restaurant in Pittsburgh. Hands down my favorite restaurant to go to. I have been there at least 20 times and never disappointed.
5	THE. BEST. THAI. FOOD. EVER. nothing else matters. they also have an awesome patio outside that is absolutely delightful in the summertime. P.S.- Try the pineapple curry, thank me later!
3	Not bad, but really not worthy of rave reviews either. They have a nice outdoor seating area and the place does have a certain charm to it, but the food is a bit heavy-handed and clumsy to be considered anything beyond above average. Sorry Pittsburgh, but it's just not all that ...
5	Hands down the best Thai food we've had in Pittsburgh. Come during the summer, and sit outside in their back patio, which is like a little slice of Thailand tucked away into a quiet pocket of Pittsburgh. The service is very nice, and the food is wonderful. Our favorites so far have been the mango tilapia (tilapia is usually just meh, but this is legitimately good!) and the pad see eu. The sticky mango rice is divine for dessert.I'm not sure how this place makes money during winter, because it doesn't seat a lot of people. So, I bet the line for this place can get long. But, come anyway! It's truly a great little gem.Note - the thai ice tea is a bit on the watery side for us. But in no way did it deter us.
5	On a recent trip back to the burgh in June,  we had already had Thai at our usual hangout and decided to go out for Thai a second time.  Being that NTK had made the top 25 restaurants in the burgh, i had to try it. So we made a rez and headed over.Let's start by saying it is in an interesting neighborhood.  They are rehabbing lots of houses so there is some other activity on the street.  But it is a teenie tiny little house converted to a restaurant.When you enter, you will look at those front steps and think "it's not too late to turn around" - but ignore the cracked steps and keep going.Then you enter the house and walk down a long hallway when you think "i should have turned around at the steps" but keep walking.When they seat you, you immediately realize that you are in a tiny little dining room and it is rather cozy.And then - the menu comes.  Wow. Just wow.  Yeah, they have pad thai. and they have curry. and they have rad na noodles. and then they have lots of other choices - vegetarian, thai-hesitant (for those who don't like thai or are fearful of thai), and just some really really cool dishes.So here goes the rundown of what was ordered.The appetizer dog choice was the fresh spring rolls. So how do you differentiate yourself from the competition?  Slice them into manageable chunks so that they can be shared easily and dipped into that Yummy  dipping sauce.I start with me as I can't rave enough about what I had.  Phar Luck Chicken.  it was a plate of steamed veggies (gr beans, snow peas, broccoli) covered with rice noodles, chicken breasts that were lightly spiced, then a peanut sauce on top.  I ordered a level 5 not knowing how it would be as one restaurant's 5 is another one's 3or 7.  Veggies were nicely steamed and crisp.  The chicken was mildly spiced atop a bed of noodles. And finished with a medium spiced peanut sauce. Just enough to taste but not over soaked.  And the surprise?  Two shrimps and some lump crabmeat.Ok chef - one comment here. I loved the seafood but I know not everyone can eat that so including something that can trigger an allergic reaction without disclosing it can lead to disaster. And no customer would ever assume to ask about shrimp in a chicken dish.  Maybe add it to the description or have waitstaff mention it when it is ordered?DH had green curry with chicken.  Lots of veggies, nicely spiced but nothing out of the ordinary.  It was good but maybe not as strong of a curry taste as he was used to.  But it held its own with the other Thai restaurants.DSS had crab pineapple fried rice.  Ok. Seriously. How could you not love that combo. It took self-restraint on my part to not just grab that plate from him. Now THAT was an unusual combo I have never seen elsewhere and according to DSS, it was great (first sign of a good dish?  No offers to share :)Our server was excellent.  Never was a water glass empty.  plates were removed promptly. We were never rushed as we lingered in conversation.  So this is now added to my "places to visit when back in the burgh" list.7/16. Update.I decided while back in the burgh again on business to revisit NTK.  I ordered takeout to nibble back at the hotel.  A few comments. 1.  The Phar Luck was as good as I remembered.  Yum again2.  I passed on an appetizer so I could Try their sticky rice with custard.  Imagine my surprise when I opened it and discovered black sticky rice....oh my....wow.  Topped with a square of creamy smooth custard topped with coconut.  Again the little details that make NTK just stand out from the pack.3.  I was surprised to be charged a surcharge for a takeout order.  Seriously? Each item was marked up for the privilege of saving them the salary they pay their waitstaff when I took the food out. No, it is not a big deal (a little over 10% or so). Again, disclosure would have been nice. Or no surcharge at all.4.  Speaking of takeout, chef, how about using some of that surcharge to pay for decent plastic ware? I don't do chopsticks and found that it was impossible to spear the steamed veggies with those dollar store forks. Since I was in a hotel without a kitchen, that was the only fork I had and when it snapped in the broccoli....well....let's just say it wasn't pretty.  So maybe think about some decent flatware, so I don't need to pack my own next time I get takeout?
3	For me the food is just average. I much prefer the Thai Gourmet in Bloomfield.
2	I don't really get why so many people love this place. I've tried a couple of times to give it a fair chance to impress me, but every time it simply failed.When I was seated inside the restaurant, it was so loud I couldn't hear our private conversation at all. We had to yell at each other to be able to talk. On the other hand, I actually liked when I was seated in the outdoor garden. The ambiance is quite nice, and the decor is cute. However in this restaurant, the space is so tight I could hear everyone else's conversation as if I was sitting with all of them. It was not a very nice setting for a date.The food was just okay. Pad Thai was probably the only dish I liked enough to have it again next time, if I ever go back. Another curry noodle dish was way too salty, I packed the whole thing and had to eat it with white rice. On top of all this, the service was slow every time I went to this restaurant. Mediocre food, noisy environment, pricey dishes, and slow service - why would I every go back there? There are so many other thai places in Pittsburgh that are better than this one.
3	In sum, lovely and cozy place tucked back into the North side. If it is nice outside you MUST sit at the outside patio. The food has been inconsistent between the two visits I had here. Sadly, that is not very encouraging. They do offer affordable lunch specials and I believe the scenery alone is worth a trip.I work in the South Side, driving over to Nicky's on my lunch break is easy peasy. What I really come here for is the unique outside seating. Sitting in an office all day long with very dirty windows makes one long for the sun and wind. I love all the pretty greenery on the patio at Nicky's, the large umbrellas to block the fierce afternoon sun, and enjoying the mini vacation while sipping on the most excellent iced Thai green tea.The service here is S-L-O-W. I am salary, I can bite this bullet from time to time. Yet, I wanted to put it out there if you are pressed for time, one might consider stopping elsewhere. In their defense, we always bring at least a party of 5. Perhaps, the slowness is due to the party size?The iced Thai green tea, if you are not familiar, if quite delicious. It is a yummy concoction of brewed green tea, spices, and milk. If I had to venture my best educated guess I would say I could taste a bit of star anise. Maybe ever-so-slightly a bit too much of it? Methinks the aftertaste is quite unmistakable. The milk is a nice touch, I think it might be condensed milk as the sweetness of the tea is something a little more than mere sugar alone could bring about. I typically do not take milk in my tea, but this drink has me reconsidering. Quite a refreshing beverage to drink on a hot, sunny summer day as it was today.I *technically* kept my word. I promised when I wrote my last Thai review, for The Smiling Banana Leaf, that I would something other than Shrimp Pad Thai- my go-to entree at any given Thai restaurant. Well, I did not order it, but I did order two appetizers I have already had before! Come on, it was lunch I did not want to overeat and go back to the office =)I choose the crab rangoon. Rumor has it, this is an island dish. Naw, I am not buying it. This totally sounds like a made in the U.S.A type of dish. Do not get me wrong I am a complete sucker for it and will order it when I see it on a menu. This rangoon was a bit disappointing. The filling was perfect, sweet cream cheese, scallions, and crab. But the wrapper needed another moment or two in the fryer. It was only partially crispy. I was bummed.For my other appetizer I ordered the soup. Another go-to Thai soup I love is Tom Kha soup. Now here is where it get very depressing. I never considered that one could scold coconut broth. However, after eating this soup today I am convinced this phenomena can happen. The shrimp was presence lacked in my opinion (two of them). The plus side, they were large shrimp. The fresh spices were sparse, for a medium heat level this was not medium. A lack of spicing took me back. I have ordered the Shrimp Pad Thai at a medium level before and I felt like a horse diving my head into a water trough the way I was throwing down glasses of water. I either caught this place on a bad lunch- else their standards have slipped since I came here last summer. The jury is out on this one...
4	The only reason I'm not giving them 5 stars is because this is the only true thai restaurant I've been to in Pittsburgh, but I feel like it's a pretty good start and will give me high expectations for anywhere else I eat.  The spice levels seemed appropriate, and the food was delicious.  We got some appetizers that were so yummy, I almost didn't want my meal to come, but of course I was glad it did.  The portions are a good size and the price is reasonable as well.  I'd definitely recommend it to anybody willing to take a trip to the North Side of the 'burgh.
5	I have resisted writing a review of Nicky's for a long time since I've tended to view this place as my own for the last 5-6 years. I've only ever recommended it to my closest friends in an attempt to keep the crowds down and to preserve this as a special, hidden gem for only MY use. I've taken friends there to introduce them to the pleasures of a truly great dining experience and EVERY ONE of them has been blown away. Alas, when the Pittsburgh Magazine list of top 25 restaurants included Nicky's, I knew it was over. Now I have to share this place with the great unwashed who haven't grown up with it like I have over the last several years. It pains me. Simply stated, this is WAY better that top 25. It might be top 2 or 3 in Pittsburgh. It's THAT good. But you won't like it so don't bother to go. (Will that keep you away and restore my own private relationship with Nicky's to what it used to be???)First off, the appearance from Western avenue is not very inviting. You walk into a somewhat decrepit looking building down a hallway to the hostess station. You can see into the kitchen and all the activity and smells that emanate from there are assurance that you've come to the right place and that this is gonna be GOOD! You don't know the half of it. Seating options are inside or out. Outside is a magical garden filled with plants I didn't know could exist on the Northside. How they keep the appearance of an urban jungle is beyond me - but the atmosphere is instantly relaxing and soothing. A host of Thai-related accents, umbrellas over the tables, brick walls - all take you so far away from the Northside you can't even imagine you aren't in Southeast Asia. With a no corkage fee (except on weekends) policy it's one of the best place for BYOB in the city. So bring some wine or champagne and feast your eyes on the menu. Oh my. If you can read through that without needing to wipe the drool from your mouth you need to have somebody check your pulse I've eaten here probably 35 times or more and have sampled so many things - not one of which I didn't rave about or wouldn't order again. The flavors are unlike anything you'll see anywhere else. Thai food is one of my all time favorite cuisines and Nicky's tops the list! And don't associate Thai food with HOT - it isn't unless you want it to be. I always do - on a scale of 1-10 I always order "Thai Hot" which is above 10. But the flavors? The curries, noodles, spring rolls, pork/chicken/fish dishes, the soft-shell crabs - all filled with amazing sauces and flavors that you want to savor every bite. My mouth is watering even now as I think about it. Amazing. Plus, if you're a vegetarian, you have a huge selection of entrees that will knock your socks off.Service is always excellent and attentive. Specials are so tempting and the price is right. I couldn't recommend it more highly. I could eat there several times a week. Wonder if they have a meal plan????
5	Went for lunch-- oh my.  Talk about a hidden gem!  It's a tiny little place tucked away into the North side-- looks like it was in a house at one point or another.  I'm super disappointed that I didn't get to see/sit on the patio- it was raining on the afternoon that we went.Regardless, we walked in 5 minutes before they closed in between lunch and dinner (we had no idea, eek!)  But we were seated and served with no complaints.We ordered the Fresh Spring Rolls (or Summer Rolls) as an appetizer-- yum!  the sauce was a bit different than what I'm used to; less peanut, more soy and a little more liquidy but still excellent.  The veggies inside were fresh and crispy.For my meal, I had the Pad See Ew with chicken... whaaaat!  So simple.  There was nothing extraordinary about this dish except that it was well made with quality ingredients.  YUM.What made me give this place 5 stars is the price that we paid for lunch; my plate was HUGE, delicious, and $7.  Blew.  My.  Mind.I'll be returning on my next trip to Pittsburgh!
5	Best Thai in Pgh. The soups are heavenly good. Only negative is the cramped seating and chair-on-floor squeak noises.  The owner is Thai but worked in restaurants in L.A. and Las Vegas(I was told anyway)before settling here in PGH. to open the 2 locations.  I have been to both locations and even though the Verona building is not as elegantly designed and furnished, the food seemed better, somehow but at both places, you will find the BEST Thai grub in this god-forsaken city ... The crab rangoons are mind-blowing.  Pad Thai is perfect.  Other dishes on special are always good .  Hard to go wrong here.  Just wish they had more space. During warm months, try to get seated out in back in the very lush garden patio.  You'd think you were tele-ported to a jungle in South East Asia, somewhere and not the grubby crappy North side . Amongst Top-5 PGH. restaurants, imo . Gods help you if you walk in with a group and haven't made a reservation(especially at night ...) you'll be turned away or waiting forever .
4	My favorite Thai dish is none other than Chicken Pad Thai. Every restaurant has their own spin on it - some good some not so good. I was pleasantly surprised to find that Nicky's Pad Thai was wonderful. I like how they incorporate the level of spicyness into the dish instead of giving an insane amount of hot sauce on the side, which just ends in a world of hurt.Also, the price is amazing - $8.51 for a lunch portion and they give you a decent amount of food. I definitely had leftovers.If you don't like loud noises, I suggest you sit outside. You're jammed into a small room with a tall ceiling so the noise carries to the point where you don't know if you're even talking anymore. Other than that, I give Nicky's a thumbs up!
5	The crab fried rice was amazing!! It's a must do!
4	Panang curry was very good. I love that it had a ton of red pepper, green pepper and broccoli. Curry had a good flavor and perfect spice at a level 5. The choice of soup or salad with lunch is great. With a water, my meal was right around $8.50.
5	Easily the best thai food in pittsburgh.  Hell, it might be the best FOOD in the area.  I was lucky enough to live less than a block from nicky's on the north side for 3 years.  I would suggest a specific dish, but it's all good.  You can literally close your eyes and point to anything on the menu and be satisfied. Eating at nicky's will make you feel like burt reynolds or sumthin'
3	Good Thai food. Decent prices. My only criticisms are the space itself and the staff.There's a patio out back that is serene with great ambience. Unfortunately, the night I went was chilly and rainy so we chose to sit in the dining room. We were seated next to the patio door, which 6 out of 7 servers were not courteous enough to close as they entered/exited. The dining room itself is one giant rectangle of a room, decorated as you would expect with Thai art. It's brightly lit and extremely loud when the room is full, as it was that night. All in all, the indoor dining room does not make for an intimate dining experience.Lastly, the service was good, but the staff were slightly over zealous filling water glasses; there's a fine line between being attentive and annoying, and that night they edged towards the latter.Would go again, but would choose the patio.
5	This is another place I can't believe I haven't reviewed yet!!  This is kind of "our" Thai place.  What really stands out about it is the decor--they have lots of authentic things hanging on the walls and around the restaurant, and an AMAZING patio.  It's really great.Everything I've ever had here is fantastic, but I usually order the pumpkin curry because it's just soooo good.  Their soups are the best too, they come out in "hot pots" that are lit from below so they stay warm.Also, BYOB with no corkage fee--awesome.  This place is one of the best in the 'burgh!
3	Be prepared to wait a while, as this place is far from "speedy."  In a half-full restaurant, we waited about 15 minutes just to get our order taken, and food came out at a snail's pace as well.  The guy in charge of water refills was totally on his game, however, and though we were hungry, thirst was not a problem.The food here is really good.  The menu offers a decent and well-rounded selection of the standards (curries, rice noodles, soups) plus some more interesting house specialties which add the restaurant's own flare on top of traditional choices.  They also provide some welcome rarities, like the Wild Curry (a curry dish with no coconut milk for those who want a change of pace or something less sweet) and some dessert options (like pumpkin custard).Recommendations:-If you live nearby, make this a take-out place.  Call in the order and avoid the rush.-If you don't live nearby but are in the area, stop in if and only if you have a lot of time and are craving Thai (there are plenty of other good nearby options as well, like Carmi Family Restaurant practically across the street).-If you aren't in the area and want Thai food, there are lots of other good options in Pittsburgh, so you might consider passing this one up.
2	Just got back from dinner-we were really looking forward to eating at Nicky's due to the great reviews. We were disappointed. The wait staff were very friendly. The food however was just fair. Started off witht the vegetable dumplings-the dipping sauce was great but the dumplings were doughy and the center quite mushy. Then had the Tom Yom soup and ordered an 8 spicy but was more like a 15 and almost not edible. We order spicy between 8 and 9 everywhere we go so it's not like we want mild-we likd spicy. They merely sprinlked red hot pepper flakes onto  and into the soup. The soup looked good but was hard to eat. The tomatoes were not cooked and the pieces too large to fit in the mouth. Did not finish it.The green curry tofu was very light and weak with little curry and little flavor. The broth was thin. Also ordered this one an 8 spicy but it was more like a 3. The fried basil rice was good but the rice was overcooked and mushy. The coconut ice cream was the best part of the meal. I don't think we will retrun.
3	Why can I not fall in love with Thai food, my boyfriend loves it everyone on Yelp seems to really enjoy it?  I am waiting for my magical Thai food experience.   Which hasn't happened so far. I have dined at Nicky's Thai Kitchen on two separate occasions. In my opinion the food just seems rushed. It  comes out of the kitchen scary fast.  As if the food was  sitting in the back under a heat lamp with vats of premixed chilly sauces just waiting to be plated .I like the decor of the restaurant and the same Asian chap waited on me twice. I like familiar faces.  I think the restaurant being an old house on Western Ave adds to the charm and gives a very quaint feel. The out door patio area was  nice enough but  awkward to get to. I'll always go out of my way to support local Northside businesses, even if I don't have stellar dining experiences, just on principle alone. I had ordered steamed dumplings which were delicious but served luke warm.  For my entree I got the cat fish chili spicy number 7, the waiter was kind enough to ask me . "If I was sure I wanted the number 7 spicy?"  The catch fish didn't taste seasoned, the chili sauce that came served on top of the fish was hot from all the chilies and good but the sauce itself temperature wise was warm. I am still searching for a great Thai place but for me Nicky's isn't it.
4	I ate here this past Wednesday evening with my girlfriend and two other dining companions.  Our dining companions got there before us and had a 5 minute wait before being seated outside on the patio.  Whenever we arrived we had a hard time finding them since no one really stepped up to ask us anything but we eventually did. The patio here is actually a really cool place.  It has a jungle-esque feel with plants all over the place with a fountain in the corner as well as a large amount of umbrellas to block the sun and space heaters for the winter.It took about 20 minutes after we were seated to order and my girlfriend and I decided to start off our meal with the crispy tofu.  It came served on a plate with what was supposed to be a sweet and sour sauce although I believed it to be a sweet chile sauce.  In any case I really enjoyed it.  The tofu itself was fried up nicely and the outside tasted great.  However it seemed to made with semi firm tofu whenever I would have much preferred extra firm.  Whenever we finished up our appetizers we were once again subjected to another long wait before our meals came.  For my entree I ordered the duck curry (Thai spicy) which was a regular menu item.  Confusingly there was also a grilled duck curry special that was $6 more that I did not see but ended up getting.  It came out in the normal coconut and red curry broth with tomatoes, peppers and a side of jasmine rice. The duck was actually perfectly cooked and not greasy at all which made me happy to have gotten the special.  The curry also had a good flavor and was slightly spicy but not Thai spicy in my book.  We had originally been thinking about ordering dessert as well but after the long waits we decided to cut our losses and head home without it.The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here in the future.  The food by itself was easily 5 stars, now if their service can only match the food.
5	Great vegetarian options. Lovely outdoor space. BYOB. Weekend reservations a MUST!
1	I must preface this review by saying that this is the only time I visited Nicky's Thai Kitchen (or Pittsburgh for that matter), so it could just be a fluke - maybe the chef had a bad day - but this is the second worst Thai food I've had anywhere in the world...  The worst was in Aruba. I'm a fan of Thai food as you can tell - craving it even when on vacation in Aruba - so I have a certain expectation when I saw the 4-star ratings for this restaurant.  But wasn't I disappointed!  We ordered Drunken Noodles and Panang Curry, both with beef, and spicy.  Typical Thai dish right? Wrong.  What we got are two tasteless dishes.  The Drunken Noodles dish is not just bland and way too mild, but both the veggie and meat tasted stale.  The Panang Curry was equally unimpressive. The color of the broth may be right, but there is only a hint of curry taste in it.  The meat was chewy to the point that I gave up on most of it.  As hungry as we were after a long day of driving, you would think that we would find anything tasty.  But unfortunately for us, we threw away at least half of it and had to look for a second dinner.I don't know, maybe the chef just isn't very good at the common dishes.  Not sure if I'll have a chance to give it another try, though.
4	Smiling Banana Leaf has some competition for best thai in this town ...Admittedly, the first time I ordered from here I wasn't impressed (that seems to happen to me a lot?). I ordered the green curry with tofu, spice level 3. Yeah, I was being wimpy as I wasn't sure of how they handled their spices. It just tasted so very bland. I was a little disappointed as I had heard so many people call them the best thai in town.Round 2: since I work in north side three days a week my immediate options are rather limited. Fast food or a handful of other places, most of which I do not want to visit. I decided Nicky's deserves another try. I ordered the same lunch entree, but this time spice level 6. Whenever I'm giving a restaurant another try I also reorder the same thing (unless I found it to be really disgusting) to see if maybe they were just having an off day or I really don't like it. This time it tasted absolutely phenomenal! I still should kick the spice level up to a 7 or 8, but I was pretty happy with what they did.I've only ever done take-out so I can't speak to the waiters/waitresses, but the front of house people have been fantastic both times. Very nice and welcoming. Sitting and waiting for my food, I've noticed that they treat each person who walks in very well. Gotta love service with a smile. :D
5	Doesn't get any better!  Nicky know Thai!
4	Despite mixed Yelp reviews, I decided to try out Nicky Thai - I mean they are calling It the best Thai in Pittsburgh. I will say that you Yelpers gave me some good ideas. First of all, I called around Noon to get a 6:15 pm reservation and I am glad that I did. I appreciated the employee who answered and was upfront with me. She said that the weekends are busy and asked if I would be done by 7:45 pm. I told her that we had plans and would be out by no later than 7:30 pm.I also saw that it was BYOB but they charge on the weekends. When I asked, she said that the first bottle is free but there is a charge on the second bottle. We brought two bottles and when the bill came there was no charge! There were some complaints about the service being bad, slow or inconsistent but I found it to be completely acceptable. We arrived, checked in, were seated immediately and were given water. The waitress came over to ask us for our drink order and we told her we were ready to order. We started with the Vegetable 4 U appetizer ($8) which comes with two fresh spring (summer) rolls cut into quarters - they are fresh, minty and delicious; three fried egg rolls (but they are really spring rolls) ; and samosas. The appetizer came out hot, quick and was not disappointing. For dinner my husband ordered the lamb curry special $17, at a spice level of 7. The lamb came on the bone and was cooked perfectly - medium rare. He said that he could have dealt with a spice level of 6. I ordered the lad nahh which is a wide noodle in a brown sauce. I ordered an 8 which I ended up adding more spice too. I wasn't 100% pleased with the dish but it's my own fault since I know that it's not as flavorful as the spicy noodles. All in all I would definitely recommend this place!
5	Is Nicky's or Smiling Banana the best thai restaurant in Pittsburgh?I would go with SB, but honestly this place is a little bigger, has a better patio, and is a little less busy. Really though both are solid and if you were going to drive for Thai I would say that when I lived downtown I would not have driven to Highland Park and now that I live in Morningside I am not driving to Nicky's. Both are great in a city low on Thai food. Bring on the spicy noodles.
4	Walk in to a small hall with a staircase.  Meet the staff at the door by the kitchen.Get seated in a small crowded dining room.With reservations, the hostess said we have someone coming in in 2 hours so we need you to be done with your meal.That is OK with us as long as the kitchen doesn't take to long, we reply.  BYOB.  Maybe it was because we had a few bottles of wine, they thought we might linger.We were eager to order...love Thai food.  We were not disappointed.The veggie dumping was delicious.  Soft with some nice spiciness, yet mild.I order the Gaprow Lad Kao with pork.  Stir fried with bell pepper, garlic, basil leaves, spicy brown sauce, topped with fried egg, served over rice.Nice and spicy, but not to much, some sweetness too. Well we finished with no room for desert and easily made or deadline!
4	Very good!Yellow curry was good.Long line.Garlic fish is very good.
4	I finally went back to NIcky's after almost a year! Time flies when you're having fun. Or taking time to eat my way through Pittsburgh. Irregardless... I believe the last time I was here I sorta wanted to be impressed more. This time, I was!I went all in and swayed from my usual Pad Thai and get crazy with another menu choice. Okay, I admit it wasn't super crazy. It was still a noodle dish, but hey, you gotta start somewhere, right? I ordered the Phad See Eaw, which is rice noodles with stir fried broccoli and sweet soy sauce. I 'm always into the shrimp, so I had to add some into the dish. And you know what? It was awesome! Maybe better than the Pad Thai. Wait, it was better than the Pad Thai! Huge portion, enough to enjoy the next day. Now I'm excited to go back and try other dishes. Since there's a new location downtown it will give me that much more of an excuse to head down there to "try" the new joint out. Hot Tip: BYOB and they do take reservations. We went on a Friday night and it was packed for such a tiny place, so remember to plan ahead!
4	This place has very good food with excellent service, Also the ability to bring your own bottle was a refreshing change from getting gauged on liquor at home. Noodles were particularly good and there are also lots of vegetarian options. Pineapple seafood fried rice was off the hook. If you have a large group make reservations as the place is not too big,
5	One of my favorite Thai places, ever! I went to Nicky's on Western Ave a few months ago for my birthday. The place is pretty small but very cute, a calm and pretty ambience for dinner. The waiter we had was very nice and knowledgeable. The food was great! The curries, rice, and noodles we ordered were all very good. The Thai Iced Tea hit the spot. Overall, no real complaints and I will be back soon!
5	Wow, a Thai restaurant that actually honors your spice-level request.  This is the first thing I noticed when I went to Nicky's.  Okay, that might be a lie.  What I really noticed was a unique Thai restaurant in a converted Pittsburgh house that happens to have a very extensive menu which took me well over 10 minutes to analyze before making a selection.  That in itself was quite impressive.  The fun continued when the food came out: very hot, very spicy (as requested), and incredibly tasty.  There are so many options to appease even the pickiest of Thai connoisseurs.  You will not be disappointed.To be blunt, this is perhaps the best Thai restaurant in Pittsburgh, or at least in the top 2.   It's really tough to say, I guess when you consider the awesomeness that is Smiling Banana Leaf.  You really should do yourself a favor and check this place out.
4	Nicky's Thai Kitchen saved the day.We arrived here on a snowy Saturday afternoon in bad moods. I was not happy about leaving this amazing city and flying home to a city I've grown to loathe, and our attempts to eat in the Strip District had been thwarted by crowds, traffic and a restaurant who refused to serve us. We walked into Nicky's and it was warm, it smelled great and the staff actually smiled at us. Honestly, they could have served us dog food at that point and I would have been satisfied. The fact that they actually served good food was a bonus. The lunch special, somewhere in the vicinity of $6.99, was a bowl of chicken and rice soup and an entree. I got Chicken Pad Thai, and it was delightful. It's not the best Pad Thai I've ever had, but it wasn't too sweet and it filled me up. With drinks, the two of us got out for less than $20.Nicky's was the last meal I'd have in Pittsburgh, and after loads of sandwiches stacked with french fries, possibly the best. It'll always have a special place in that cold dark place that resides deep in my bosom.
4	Went on a Friday night with another couple for dinner.  The place was PACKED, and I was very glad that my friend had made us a reservation.  We were seated about 15 minutes after our reservation time, but that wasn't a big deal.The food was quite good and reasonably priced.  We have a sampler appetizer platter, and everyone had different curries for dinner.  I had the Massaman curry (red curry with potatoes), which was good, but could have used a bit more variety of ingredients.  It was basically just the curry, chicken and potatoes.  My friend had the panang curry, which gave me a bit of food envy.  I think I'll order that the next time I go to Nicky's.  The spice level requests are a bit of novelty too.  We had different curries ranging from a 5-8.  There was a noticeable difference in the spice levels, but even an 8 wasn't spicy to the point where you couldn't taste the other flavors in the curry.  I might go for a 6 or 7 next time.It's BYOB - I'm a huge fan.  We knocked down a couple bottles of wine and some beer during dinner.  The only real negative of the evening was that they asked us to give up our table for a large group coming in who had a reservation before we were done drinking... I suppose I can forgive them for that.
4	Thai food is rapidly becoming my favorite cuisine.  I may be late to the party but I'm still having fun. I ordered the Tom Yum mixed sea food soup, and green tilapia mango.  The mango tilapia was really  good, lightly breaded and served in a green curry sauce with green peppers mini corn, mushrooms and broccoli and fresh mango.The broth of the Tom yum soup was absurdly salty. I tried to strain as much of it from every spoonful as I could.
3	The food is consistently beyond expectation but I consistently find 4 inch black hairs in my food. The first time was excusable but its getting ridiculous.
4	Great restaurant for Vegan cuisine. Vegan duck is a great choice. One of the servers always seems pretty grouchy, but the food is a winner.
4	Very good food and ambiance. Small place but nothing short of excellent food. The banana split was just terrific.
5	This is from a visit a while back.  Food was perfect, portions were great, service was friendly. The outdoor patio was worth the wait. So cute! I think about driving 5 hours just to eat there again. I'm not saying I would, but I think about it a lot.
4	I had heard that this was the "best Thai food in Pittsburgh" so I wanted to try it out and decide for myself. I came last week and tried the Tom Kha soup and the Kao Soi. Both were good but not quite as flavorful as I am used to. Eating the Kao Soi was a bit of a challenge as it was served in a giant chalice-like bowl (I'm sure there is a name for it that I just don't know). It was too high to eat directly out of the bowl, but since it was a bit soupy, I couldn't exactly move it onto my plate. Aside from this minor point, everything else was good, but it wasn't quite good enough to become my favorite. I do want to come back when the weather is better though so I can check out the patio!
5	Amazing Thai food!  Food, service and atmosphere were all excellent!
5	My family has been eating at Nicky's Thai Kitchen long before the rest of Pittsburgh discovered it and you needed a reservation to get in here on the weekends. They recently opened another downtown location but the Western Avenue Nicky's will always hold a special place in my heart, especially in warm weather when the Zen Garden around back is open for dining with it's beautiful foliage, Buddhas, and trickling water fountains. You forget you're on the Northside!Nicky's seafood dishes have won my heart over the years so much that I pretty much order whatever seafood dish is on their specials list. In the summer it's often Seafood Phad Cha and I'm always delighted to see that because its my favorite one ever - the sauce is amazing! Their sauces are always so flavorful with lots of fresh veggies & delicious fresh seafood like shrimp, mussels, clams, calamari, tilapia and often some crazy corkscrew looking piece of seafood that I can't identify but thoroughly enjoy! Recently the special was Chili Mango Seafood which had a slightly sweeter sauce with the addition of the fresh mango. You can order your preference of heat from 1-10, and I always go 6 - I enjoy a good kick!Since 2 of our family members are vegetarian, we've probably ordered every vegetarian appetizer they offer over the years and they are all delightful. There is often a sampler vegetarian option on the specials menu. You also can't go wrong with the veggie spring rolls or samosas.Nicky's on Western Ave. is also BYOB & typically there's no corkage fee.  Love, love, love Nicky's!
2	NY'er trying to find thai in Pittsburgh came across Nicky's Thai.  Curry sauces had too much brocolli and red peppers.... Curry sauce very thin and too much coconut milk.   Had the chef duck special and was very salty .  On a brighter note pad thai and thai ice tea was good.  conclusion this is not authentic thai!
5	This is my favorite Thai place in Pittsburgh. The mango salad has a wonderful spicy taste. Every meal I have had has been wonderful. Side note, at this place the hottest ranges from 4-10 not 1-10 so just be cautious. A 5 is usually as hot as I can go!
5	Amazing
3	Came here with a friend for some after-night-out food.Heard good things about this place, and it just about met my expectations... didn't exceed them. My go to disk is the Pad See Ew, and the presentation was wonderful, but the taste was average. Also, they used the wrong kind of broccoli! You need to use the Chinese/Asian broccoli for Pad See Ew, or the whole composure of the dish is messed up!Regardless, the food did the trick and I was full and happy afterwards. Good food, but nothing extraordinary.
4	Excellent, authentic Thai food. I highly recommend.
4	The patio was delightful!  An urban oasis tucked away in the back with room for several tables, featuring a fountain, greenery and many statues (angels and Buddhas alike).  Perfect for summer evenings, with enough umbrellas to protect from the rain.As for the food - also delightful!  I had a green mango curry, which contained plentiful amounts of mango, vegetables and tofu.  The spice level was a bit higher than I was expecting for a "2" but it wasn't too firey.  A great Thai experience in a peaceful setting.
5	Hands down my favorite thai restaurant in Pittsburgh!There is nothing on their menu I don't like.  Their pad thai with shrimp is EXCELLENT, and they make my favorite curry--mango curry and I always get tofu in it.  The spring rolls are delicious.Be warned, the spice levels here are high.  If you want just a little kick, don't order higher than a 2.There are some complaints about the service here, but I have never had any problems.
4	Have been to many Thai restaurants throughout the USA and in Thailand.  This place definitely ranks in the top 10%.  Has the standard items, plus some unusual items like pumpkin curry.  Small interior dining room, but elegantly done.  Lively atmosphere.  No liquor license and BYOB, but be prepared to pay a corkage fee (wine and beer).  Management should look into getting a liquor license.  Papaya salad is a must try here as it is very authentic.  Though we didn't sit in backyard patio, definitely would want to sit there next time.
3	This is a bittersweet review:The food is excellent, and I highly recommend the spicy noodles and the steamed dumplings. The service was good and the place was quaint and clean. However, be very careful here because I paid with a credit card that I had not publicly used in a very long time, and the very next day fraudulent charges were on the same card. Luckily the credit card company caught it and alerted me ASAP. I have to assume an employee at Nicky's was the culprit considering I have not pulled this card out of my wallet in 6 months. I could be wrong, but be wary.
3	I wasn't really impressed with Nicky's Thai Kitchen which is really disappointing because I had such high hopes for it. The dining space is small and kind of cramped, the service was a little slow, and my meal was mediocre. I did enjoy the fried tofu (I'm obsessed with fried tofu) and crab rangoons as appetizers. They were both well done items. The thai iced tea was also a hit.I got the Thai Style Fried Rice for me meal and thought it was kind of bland, but maybe that was my fault for picking a fried rice. If I ever make it back, I'll probably try one of their noodles. I know a lot of people have had a better experience than I did, so maybe it's just a matter of finding the dishes I like for me to fall in love with Nicky's.
3	Solid in the taste category, but maybe I was expecting too much by basing my expectations on high reviews and awards. The Tom Kah soup was excellent. Some of the best I've had. The pork larb was new for me and quite tasty. The Phad Thai was flavorful, but too juicy. The crab fried rice was bland but plentiful. One of the people at our table ordered a red snapper dish that was quite spicy but pretty good. The fish was crispy on the outside, yet tender inside.The dining room is small and very loud. My companions and I had to raise our voices above normal talking level just to hear each other. And a $5 per bottle corkage fee for a restaurant of this nature is, in my opinion, ridiculous. We paid more to drink our three 12 oz. bottles of beer than we did to buy them.Overall, it wasn't a bad experience and we'll likely go back to try other menu options. We'll just make it when we don't have much to say, and don't want a beer with dinner.
3	Beautiful patio and outdoor garden ambience.  Food was just OK, not phenomenal.  Summer rolls were bland, including the dipping sauce.  I ordered the scallop special, and asked for an 8 spice level.  Why I got was about a 4, in a watery broth.  Veggies in it were nice and fresh, scallops were well cooked, but the dish as a whole was just... Ok.  Veggie dumplings were also bland.  Tofu and cabbage was good.  Glass noodle salad was good.  Again, nothing knocked my socks off, as happened at Red Orchid.  I'll give it another try (the patio is awesome)...
4	Really enjoy the food, there are several menu choices even if you avoid fish oil and meat, service has been good, and on-street parking has been easy. However, the noise level in this narrow, bare-walled room often makes it tough to relax or hear your companion. I would say the noise level is between "loud" and "very loud", but then I've only been there during peak times. Very good experience otherwise.
4	Probably my favorite restaurant on the North Side.  I only eat there maybe once a month, but they're consistent; I've never had a bad experience there.  It's really small, so if you're claustrophobic, this is not the spot for you.  Whenever it's not freezing in Pittsburgh, though, you can eat in the garden, which is lovely - my friend had her engagement party there and it was awesome :)  The staff is always professional, and even when they're super busy they'll answer the phone - I've never waited longer than 20 minutes for take-out.  I love the crab-fried rice :)
1	My boyfriend and I are Thai food lovers! We both had an extreme craving for curry, and a friend of ours recommended Nicky's. Downtown Pittsburgh is about an hour an a half drive for us, but because our friend told us how good it was, we figured it would be well worth the drive and gas money....boy were we wrong!We arrived at about 5 minutes to 3PM on a Friday. We didn't realize that during the week, they have limited hours. They close at 3, and re-open at 5 for the dinner crowd.When we were approached at the host stand, the first person we spoke to told us to "hold on" while she checked to see if they were "still open."A second person came up to us and expressed that it was fine for us to come in and be seated for lunch. We both were very understanding that we had arrived very close to closing time, and said we would have no problem waiting until the kitchen re-opened at 5 and we would come back. The worker assured us that it was no problem.Upon being shown to our table, I sat down to look at the menu, and my boyfriend went to use the restroom. As I was looking over the menu and waiting for him to return, a third, very rude, worker came up to me with a pitcher of water and said "how many of you are there?" I let her know there would be 2 of us for lunch. She very disgustedly responded with "you need to order right now, the kitchen is closing!" I told her that my boyfriend was in the restroom, and neither of us knew what we were going to order, but as soon as he returned, we would decide and let her know.Once he joined me, we were almost instantly approached by a different worker, and once again we were practically forced to make a decision about what to order.Our food was dropped off at our table, as well as the check at the same time.While we were eating our meals, nearly every employee in the restaurant came out into the dining room with their own meals to eat. This wouldn't have bothered me, however, our empty water glasses were ignored while they ate their own lunches.I couldn't enjoy my meal whatsoever, and actually ended up leaving over half of it there because I wasn't offered a to go container. After our check was paid, 3 completely new workers came up to our table at the same time clearing everything on our table, including the vase of flowers.They were doing everything possible to get us out of there!This was a complete disappointment, and such horrific display of business practice. I will not be returning, and most certainly will not be recommending this restaurant to anyone!
4	I love this place. My favorite thai resto in town.
1	We are fairly regular customers on Sunday nights. We bring 2 bottles of wine, even our own red wine glasses, and we each have 3 courses. There use to be no corkage. We went in last night and they told us $5 per bottle which is a big increase from nothing. We asked if they could just charge us for the one bottle since we were unaware of the change and were told no. We asked nicely again and were told 2 bottles would be $10.  We just left. A simple courtesy could have been in order since we have frequented this restaurant since they opened. I have recommended this place to many wine drinkers but no more.
4	My husband and I just moved to town and Nicky's Thai Kitchen is the first restaurant we tried. We made a reservation easily enough and sat outside in the garden. The atmosphere was really great, the service was friendly, and the food was delicious. The spring roll appetizers and the coconut ice cream we had for dessert were the highlights for me, though everything was very good. And even better, it's BYOB!
4	Okay, I've wrestled a cramped hallway, the backs of chairs, and avoided having my head hit by servers rushing around with trays... was it worth the journey?ATMOSPHEREThis place is much bigger than it looks with an inside and outside dining area--but it's still cramped! Every inch is stuffed with a human body scuttling about or dining. It may feel hectic, but also give you an energy surge if you like crowds.FOODOur basil stir-fry, curry, and stewed fish (arg! I forgot the actual name of the dish) smelled as good as they tasted (and tasted as good as they looked) The veggies snapped in my mouth with that crisp texture and the meats were not drowned out by the seasoning. Yet there were still a lot of spices--but easily calmed down via the fluffy white rice. SERVICEThe servers here sure can dance the avoid-running-over-diners dance. Somehow our server still managed to arrive at all the right moments. Despite the crowds, we were also seated in a timely manner but beware, if waits are longer there's not much room inside to wait your turn. Step outside.
4	BYOB for $5. The atmosphere here is very relaxing and comfortable, especially outside. Make sure to make a reservation because it fills up and stays busy throughout the night.We ordered the steamed dumplings, thai toast, spring rolls, pad thai, and chicken and vegetable green curry. Everything was very fresh and you could tell that it was all made from scratch. I liked the fact that they ask you how spicy you would like your curry on a scale from one to ten. I was very impressed with Nicky's Thai Kitchen
3	A perfectly decent Thai meal, but was expecting a lot more based on the reputation and reviews.  Spring rolls were good, albeit a bit too packed with basil.  Flavor balance was way off.   The dishes tended to be a bit too sweet with little subtlety in the flavors, even when ordered with a medium to hot level of spiciness.    Pumpkin Curry was a disappointment - hard chicken, bland squash.    Outdoor seating is great, indoors is pretty packed, but overall a fun place to go.
5	Best Thai in Pittsburgh!The Pork Gar Prow is so good that it actually physically hurts me to not get it every time I am there. And they have the best Crab Rangoon I've ever had, they should package them like chicken nuggets so I can buy a pack of 20 to go.Yes it has a cramped hallway, yes it gets crowded, yes it is totally worth it!
4	Great place. Attentive wait staff. Very good tasty food. Nice atmosphere. Had papaya salad and curry with chicken. Delicious. Excellent value.
5	Food was amazing. Wait staff was very nice and helpful. Outside seating had a very nice ambiance
4	I've eaten at Nicky's a number of times now and I order something different every time.  The food is absolutely delicious and has some of the best overall flavor of any Thai restaurant around.  However, a lot of times when I want Thai, I want something spicy, and Nicky's seems wholly incapable of making spicy food.  I consider their "Thai hot" to be comparable to a three or maybe a generous four out of ten at other restaurants, and that really leaves me disappointed every time I eat here.
5	Every time I have been here- I have been in heaven.  This is my favorite Thai spot with Toi Thai in Los Angeles as my second.  I have enjoyed several trips to Nicky's when I am in visiting my family (Living in LA now) What I get: Green Curry (chicken, or veg), Pad Thai (chicken or veg), cheese wontons, Papaya salad.  I have tried the Red Curry too, but green is my fave.  All of these dishes are pure GLORY.   I've even had the Pad Thai without the soy sauce because a friend of mine is Gluten intolerant and...ummm it's still the BEST. I am getting hungry writing this and too bad it's on the other side of the country! I told my dad about this place and he goes every time he's in Pittsburgh now! And taunts me with text messages about how good it is! LOL  It's small inside, but I don't even care. It's divine. If you have to wait for a table there is a bar right on the corner. You can go enjoy a beverage and they will call you when your table is open :)
5	Great food and they give a lot of it! This place has lines during lunches and dinners so expect a bit of waiting. Food is worth it! Tom yum soup, crab Rangoon, pineapple curry were my faves
4	Went with my family this summer. We love Thai, but damn the spice levels make the food uneatable. order HALF your usual spice level. The pad thai was good, and make sure you sit on the patio. Get the Pad Thai. Yes, Paid Thai. Do it. That & Thai Tea. Yum!
5	You'll get absolutely no complaints from me about the food at Nicky's Thai Kitchen.  I had the Spicy Basil Fried Rice with shrimp and it was easily the best I've had in the city.  Next time I come I'd like to try something a little more adventurous, but it's hard for me to pass up fried rice.  This dish had big Thai basil leaves, plump shrimp, and a delicious flavor without being too greasy.  I asked for a spice level of 7 and easily could have gone with a 8 or 9.  We had a group of seven and the service was good, with no issues having separate checks.  BYOB so don't forget your B! Can't wait to go back, hopefully in nice weather so I can see the patio.
5	I really enjoy this place for its quaint style and the interesting dishes. The spice level is...shall I say, true to the number...and delicious. It is BYOB. The corking fee is $5.00. The service is great. You will always have someone checking on you. Great little nook in the North Side. Will return again soon.
2	The food's pretty bland. First time I went there, I asked for my curry to be "Thai hot" (meaning make it like you're making it for someone Thai, not watered down for American palettes). There was no heat.Next time I went, I told the waitress that last time I ordered, I said "Thai hot" and got bland. She seemed surprised and well, maybe the last waiter just didn't hear me? Ok, so, just in case the last waiter didn't hear me and they actually do know how to do something other than bland, I told her an 8 out of 10 on the spice scale. Yeah, no. I poured in some chili powder and ate it. I usually order medium spice at my local Thai place in Maryland. Nicky's hottest setting is like eating ramen noodles by comparison.If this is the best Thai food in Pittsburgh, I'm really glad I don't live in this city anymore, because clearly Pittsburgh doesn't know Thai.
5	As you first enter you are welcomed to what appears to be someone's former house. It had a quirky feel to it which adds to the awesome food. Food was excellent. Service was great. We were seated immediately and had our drink orders taken promptly. This is a proper thai restaurant so if you are looking for a commercial vibe this isn't your place. They do their spicy food by numerical value. 1 the least spicy 10 the spiciest. I went with a 5 and was pleased with it but could have easily have gone hotter. The best part besides the food is the reasonably priced food. My wife and I didn't pay over 20 dollars for our meal.
5	So happy to have Nicky's close to home.  Quite a gem of the northside and pittsburgh!  Try the panang chicken.  Amazing!
5	Amazing, and amazingly affordable. The food is delicious, the atmosphere is perfect, and the service is spectacular. We got our entrees in under 10 minutes, but it tasted like it too an hour to cook. Just eat here now!
5	The Tom Kha soup was amazing and my curry noodles were very delicious. I'm looking forward to my leftovers and to going back to try more from the menu!
4	The hubby and I have been wanting to try Nicky's Thai Kitchen for years now. I recently had an amazing experience at Nicky's in Downtown and had been really wanting my husband to try Nicky's. Since we were leaving for NYC the next day, I decided Nicky's would be delicious yet affordable for New Year's Eve dinner.Though I thought it may be silly (since I didn't imagine Nicky's being a popular NYE spot), I did make reservations. However, the restaurant was full the entire time we were there! It was a lot smaller than I had expected, and my hubby and I were packed at a small table between two other couples.We started our meal with a glass of Riesling - gotta love BYOB! - and some appetizers, the Crab Rangoons and Thai Samosas. The Thai Samosas were delicious. I loved that instead of being filled with regular potatoes that the lightly fried pastry was stuffed with sweet potatoes. Crab Rangoons are a favorite of mine, and these were literally the best I've ever had. I could drink that crab meat and cream cheese mixture. So yummy!I ordered my typical Pad Thai for my entree. It was tasty, but not quite as delicious as the Pad Thai that I had gotten a couple weeks prior at the downtown location. I was a little disappointed... once you've experienced a 10/10 on the Pad Thai scale, having an 8/10 is a little bit of a letdown. Though we were stuffed, I just had to try one of their desserts. My husband and I split the Black Stick Rice with the Pumpkin Custard. I immediately felt cheered up... it was incredible. I am often disappointed by desserts in Asian cuisine due to their lack of sweetness, but this dessert was the perfect balance of sweet and savory. Overall, I had a very nice experience and enjoyed my NYE dinner. I look forward to coming back again!
5	Wow, totally amazing. I'm a believer. Service was great and genuine. Drinks creative, soups the best we've had in Pittsburgh. The vegan duck was superb!.veggie spring rolls perfect, fried rice very tasty. If I had to say anything negative I would  say a bit much oil was used in the fried rice.We left very content. They accommodated us by putting 2 tables together for our comfort..
4	I have been meaning to visit this restaurant for a while and have never made it there. Well after my wife went to their new downtown location and raved about how good it was well we made time. We went on New Years Eve for a little new year Thai food.Everything was very good. I had the Grilled Duck Curry which came in a brass looking bowl with candle underneath to keep everything warm and a bed of rice to accompany it. We also had some sweet potato samosa and some crab rangoon both were delicious. Nicky's has great food and when it's not freezing outside you can sit on the back patio which is hear is pretty nice. Do yourself a favor and give it a go.
4	Awesome authentic Thai food. I had the spring rolls as an appetizer and the Pad Thai with chicken as my entree. Both very delicious. I like that you can tell them how spicy you want it based on a scale of 1-10. Just be careful, my friend who loves spicy food got her meal at a 6 and it was very spicy. I got my pad thai at a 4 and it was perfect. What i also LOVE is that its BYOB. $5 corking fee but totally worth it. BYOB restaurants with great food can be rare. My only dislike is how small the north side location is. There is absolutely zero space to wait, just a crammed hallway so my recommendation is to make a reservation. I did hear the downtown location is much bigger. The service was great, we stayed an hour after our food to drink some wine and no one rushed us out. I am definitely going back and telling all of my friends!
3	I went to Nicky's Thai Kitchen last night for the first time. My friend was in town visiting from Cleveland and we both wanted to try somewhere new. Upon entering the restaurant, it was full of people in the hallway. Our reservations were at 8:00pm and we didn't get seated until 8:30pm. It seemed like a common problem on a busy night, but we weren't in a hurry and didn't mind waiting for our table. We started with the fresh spring rolls which were all fresh vegetables wrapped in rice paper with a peanut soy dipping sauce. They were delicious. I felt like it took the place of a traditional salad before dinner. We also got the fried tofu which came with a sweet and sour sauce. That was also amazing. I would order either of these appetizers again when I go back.For our main courses, I got the Pad Thai with shrimp (I figured I'd try their signature dish since it was my first time there) and my friend got the Yellow Chicken (Chicken curry) with potato dumplings. I did have a bite of that and it was a little too spicy for me, but other than that really good. For dessert we got a black sticky rice with pumpkin (we had two bites and couldn't eat anymore of it - definitely not a favorite) and the fried banana dessert which was amazing. Overall - I give it three stars. Thai isn't my favorite cuisine but this restaurant had great food. It's a very small room and you're sitting very close to the people next to you. I probably wouldn't recommend it for a first date situation because it is a little loud. Being BYOB makes it nice - we brought a red wine (a $5 corkage fee) and Rumchata (a $10 corkage fee). We were confused about the difference in price and the only thing the waitress could tell us was "$10 fee for liquids". Eager to sip our Rumchata over ice after dinner, we just went with it, but not sure why the difference.
5	Love Nicky's, easy to walk to if you are in the historical district or that area a quick drive from downtown. Definitely a must if you like a nice atmosphere, good food, at a reasonable price. I ordered the spicy noodles with beef (it was spicy) at about a 2. So watch the spices when needed It cost me and my gf about 26 bucks for a nice meal and a nice place just a small walk from home. Everyone has to go!
4	I called in an order of Rama tofu to go. Initially, there was some confusion about if it was sold on the lunch menu or not, but after that was cleared up, my food was ready in 15 minutes as promised. I ordered medium spicyness, but it was mild at best. There was a good ratio of sauce to veggies & rice. The Rama tofu and the salad it came with were both very tasty. If I'm in the area & have a chance to eat here again, I will ask for it to be a little spicier.
4	I've been to Nicky's a few times now and each time I'm drawn back by the solid consistency of service, menu staples, and atmosphere. The tables are adorned with fresh flowers from the nearby flower shop. In the warmer months the outdoor seating is the best way to eat a Nicky's. As far as their scale of spice, an essential element of anyone who likes to indulge in the more sadistic culinary elements, Nicky's does stick to a 1-10 scale. However, ask your server for "Thai spicy" and the scale gets delightfully more brutal to the palate.  My only gripe about Nicky's would e the pad Thai. I'm a fan of soft cooked veggies when they're steeped in a curry. However, when I see a pad Thai that looks like a wet noodle bowl I am instantly turned off. With ingredients as fresh as they pull out for garnishes, I would have expected something crisp or even raw in the pad thai.
3	Fresh spring roll appetizer was good.  For my entree, I got the fish basil.  I ordered a '6' on the spicy level, not having been there before.  (I didn't want to get blasted away).  What I got was what I'd consider to be a '0' heat-wise.  The primary seasoning flavor that came through was salt. The "crispy tilapia" was not crispy.  The eggplant was mushy, though perhaps that's hard to avoid.  Overall, it wasn't bad.  But I'd definitely not make any effort to return.
3	Truthfully, the food is excellent. Service is hit or miss. We've had excellent servers and some so so. They accept but do not honor reservations. We were not seated 20 minutes after our reservation and walk-ins were being seated before us (I know they were walk-ins because I asked them if they had reservations and they said no). The hostess then tried to tell me the couple did have reservations and that's why they were seated first... I'm normally pretty patient, but the lobby/stairwell we stood in for 25+ min smelled like fecal matter.
1	While the food was okay Thai food, the management there is awful!  I called in a to-go order and was surrounded by the 4 eaters I was ordering for.  They all heard my clear order, which I repeated at the end of our phone conversation, but when I arrived and checked my order it was a mess.1 entree was missing, 1 entree had the wrong protein & 1 appetizer was missing.  Unfortunately, they swiped our credit card right before we thought to look through the order to make sure it was all there (tip from fellow yelper on this same restaurant) so they charged us for the wrong entree and the missing app.  When I politely asked that she remake the entree with the wrong protein she told me I was wrong, that's what I ordered and I had to pay for it, but they would make me a new one with a new price.  Worst customer service I've ever encountered and I will never go back there.Also, glad it was a to-go order because the place is really cramped and loud.
4	Really really really really good. Maybe a little more expensive than other thai equivalents, but the veggies in my pad see ew (sp?) were fresh and the sauce was amazing! My only qualm is that my buddy ordered drunken noodle, which they didn't have, so they suggested their stand in: spicy noodle. It was just noodles and basil. Oh well. The pad thai was also amazing.
5	Lunch was excellent. Maybe my new Thai favourite now.  The green curry was excellent! They don't hold back on their spice. If you ask for a 10/10 spice, you are forewarned.
5	Love Nicky's! The outside has got to be the most beautiful outdoor dining area in pittsburgh- felt very similar to when I was in Thailand a few years ago. The dishes don't dissapoint- the pumpkin curry is especially delectable. Portions are huge and prices are reasonable. Truly a Thai oasis in the north side!
4	I had my first Nicky's experience last night and thoroughly enjoyed it! This place is really cool and I will definitely be checking out their downtown location.The restaurant itself is very small inside. I thought it was interesting that the host/hostess desk was situated in a spot with a full view into part of the kitchen. In a way, I guess this transparency should be appreciated--they have nothing to hide.It was raining when my friend and I arrived, and we were quite confused when they asked if we preferred an inside or outside table. Once it was explained that the outside was covered, we decided to go with that option. No regrets! The garden area is really cute and unique. Lots of kitschy statues and a wide variety of plants made the area charming without being tacky. There was something oddly enjoyable about eating outside (under a roof) during a rain storm.We started by splitting the crispy fried tofu which was served with a thick sweet and sour sauce. The portion was very generous (eight triangular pieces) and honestly I could have eaten the entire plate myself. They were delicious and I definitely recommend them!Whenever I'm eating at a Thai restaurant for the first time, I like to order Pad Thai.. I guess it's sort of like a gauge for the quality of the restaurant. The portion was generous, but it was so good that I almost finished the entire thing (I was looking forward to having leftovers for lunch today, but just I couldn't stop!). They have a ten-point scale for spiciness, and at our waiter's recommendation I went with a four. It was fairly spicy--I could probably do a five next time, but it was spicy enough for my liking (and I DO like spicy foods quite a bit). The place is BYOB and the prices are reasonable. I'm not in the North Side too often but this place alone makes it worth the trip!
4	My first time here and Nickys was great, lived up to the hype I have heard from friends. The food was delicious, crab rangoon was very rich, spring rolls had a fresh taste to them, and my scallop entree was generous, fresh, and had just enough spice in it (ordered it 7). The patio is beautiful, with a new roof, the only thing holding this back from 5 stars was the service, waiter was not that great, but maybe he was having a bad day, guess I'll know for sure since I am already planning a repeat visitgreat food, great enivronment, def check it out
5	My wife and I love to enjoy a meal here any chance we get.  The atmosphere is great, especially if you eat outside in the courtyard.  In the winter months the inside can be a tad noisy, but that is due to the close quarters.  The fresh spring rolls are one of the best things on the menu.  I usually chose my go-to option of Pad Thai, which is always great, and my wife rocks the Coconut Curry, Veg option.  The BYOB option is great if you care to enjoy dinner with Beer or wine, which we have done, the corking fee is very reasonable.  I believe it is $5.00 for the table and not per bottle. I recommend bringing your own alcohol.  Great place and Can't wait to go back!
4	I like this place but it was: too expensive, food was mediocre for price.  Still doesn't trump my favorite Thai place in town (which I'll be reviewing next!) which is still tastier than the others and hella cheap.
5	First time at the north side location. Sat outside, I recommend, was very nice. Great that it is byob. I got one of the specials, red snapper green bean red curry. Snapper was fried and some pieces were a little over cooked but I enjoyed it. I ordered it as #4 on the hotness scale and it was mild. My wife got her usual chicken pad Thai and as she says it is the best. She ordered it #6 and it was a little spicy but not overly so. Will be back again.
5	Nicky's is my favorite spot in this neighborhood. Always great food, always great service. I would highly recommend the red curry, or fish with green beans. The Thai toast (appetizer) is also noteworthy.
4	Went with a large group to Nicky's on Sunday. As always the food was great. We sat outside in the garden and really enjoyed the ambiance. They renovated the garden since the last time I was there about a year ago and freed up a lot of space. It was a little dark in our corner, but you should try and sit in the garden.While everyone enjoyed the food, the spice levels seemed pretty arbitrary. Some 6's were spicy and others not at all. We also ordered an order of spring rolls that never arrived. The Tom Yum soup was excellent. Highly recommended if you're headed to Nicky's.
5	Best Thai restaurant atmosphere I've ever seen. Fountains and Buddhist statues decorate the patio. The steamed dumplings were tasty, but came the same time as the entrees. Our group of 5 shared 2 pad Thai, pork red curry, pork green curry, and a tofu basil. All we're spiced well according to the 1 to 10 heat scale. Fresh ingredients in all. I have tried numerous versions of green curries and Nicky's is one the top 2. Red curry all right. Pad Thai delivered a sweet taste not typically found but worked well. No grease in this pad Thai, a refreshing take. A delicate flavorful sauce with the Thai basil that made the whole dish. Very affordable food and attentive serviceEasily 5 stars. Drop by.
5	My husband and I are visiting from Hawaii and his brother took us here. I got the spicy green beans with chicken and my husband got the sweet and sour with chicken. It was amazing and one of the best thai places I've ever eaten at and this coming from someone that lives in Hawaii and we have a lot of Asian cuisine places like this. Even my husband liked his food and he doesn't really eat thai. The next time we come out here to visit, I'm definitely coming back.
2	I've heard positive things about Nicky's Thai Kitchen downtown, and when I was checking the website for their weekend hours was super excited to discover their northside location with an outside patio! Whaaaat a disappointment. If you don't read this further, Pusadee's Garden on Butler has everything Nicky's has +10000, go there instead!I was relieved when I got a reservation for 2 outside on their patio on a Saturday night calling as late as 5 to make it, and that was the most rewarding part of our experience! When we arrive (the area is really quaint around it), we stood infront of the hostess table/ entry to the kitchen for at least 8 minutes while so many servers bustled infront of us. We hate to be the rude people who butt in, but it really did make us feel uncomfortable standing there without being acknowledged! A simple "hey!" would have totally eliminated the awkward situation. Eventually someone said "YA?!" to us and I explained our reservation, they crossed a name which might have been mine, and we were told to wait 10 minutes until they were ready. The wait wasn't long, but once we were seated on the patio (nothing compared to Pusadee's..very loud, a little tacky, just overdone) it was another 10 minutes before someone came over and just flat asked "Ready?". We ordered our app (6 spring rolls the size of a string cheese) and it took another 15 minutes and talking to 2 separate people to get our bottle open (BYOB 5$ on weekends). The food came via some other server, 15 minutes passed, and a different one came and tried to take our plates when we were still eating. The food itself was decent at best, the pad thai was wet like other people have described and the sweet and sour chicken was food court caliber. Between the poor/ lack of service, the mediocre food, and the overwhelming patio, we won't be going back. We will appreciate Pusadee's a lot more our next time around.
2	Thai food for white people.We ordered a 10/10 spice level and my three year old daughter ate it without difficulty (as did my in-laws who can barely handle the spice level of salt). So, we asked for some fresh Thai peppers and they brought sauces instead (red flag). When we again requested peppers they wanted to charge us an extra $1 for the spice in the food they failed to deliver in the first place.Had the flavor profiles been more interesting I may have been much more forgiving, but it tasted like average, over-sauced Pittsburgh Thai.The coup de grace was actually that we were charged an unearned 18% gratuity because we were a large group.As a note, the corking fee for beer is $0.50/bottle, not $5 as some had previously mentioned.
5	The Pad Thai was excellent. If you are new to Thai food, give this signature dish a try.
4	Nicky's Thai kitchen is the best Thai restaurant I've ever been so far. I was there last Saturday afternoon for lunch, the food, service and restaurant itself is absolutely worth to give a try. Trust me if you want Thai food this is a right place for you. I like their decoration it is in side an old apartment building. Their main dining room is on first floor and the outdoor seating area is in the garden, which is perfect when the weather is nice out. But it was a raining day when I was there. I had Thai yellow curry chicken for my entree, spicy and delicious. They have other location in Peen ave I hear so much about this place and they really did a good job.
4	By far one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh - it is my go-to when I want Thai food.  I've gotten take out and dine in the restaurant and I've gotten consistent quality with the food every time.  I love their Pad Thai and the Spicy Peanut is another favorite of mine.  I order everything from there "Thai" hot and it is usually just the right heat for my palate.  I also like the crab fried rice,  Phad See Eaw, and the Sriracha Seafood Noodle Soup.  You really cannot go wrong with any dish that you order there.  Highly recommend.
4	Nicky's Thai lived up to my friend's recommendations.  Delicious, fresh food, delightful presentation, prompt unobtrusive servers.  It's amazing how charming the outdoor patio is!  The banana coconut dessert is quite unique and beautifully presented.
4	Last summer I was on such a Thai kick that I attempted to go to every Thai place in pittsburgh. Upon arriving to nicky's, I was already under the assumption that I was going to love it- considering it's well known for being one of the best Thai places in the burgh. Nicky's overall decor is beautiful. It's very intimate, which is a positive because it's very cozy and cute, but also a negative considering that means it's harder to book a table on busy nights. They do take reservations though- which I highly recommend making if you plan on making the trip. During my Thai kick last summer, I ordered chicken pad Thai at every restaurant that I visited. The chicken pad Thai at Nicky's is awesome, but not my favorite that I've had. What I love about Nicky's is they put a crab Rangoon on every plate- and their crab Rangoon is awesome. Recently I visited Nicky's again. I ordered the tofu with eggplant for lunch. Their lunch included a soup or salad (I ordered the salad) and was very reasonably priced. The tofu with eggplant was delicious, but not my favorite. I would have enjoyed it a little more if the sauce was a tad sweeter. The salad that came with the lunch special was delicious.. Lettuce, Tomatoes, cucumbers, peanuts and their pineapple dressing.. Delicious. A friend of mine told me about their masaman curry and considering I adore peanuts- I had to try. Masaman curry is a red curry, typically made with chicken, potatoes, scallions and a spicy peanut curry sauce... Let me tell you... This stuff is incredible. The sauce is spicy but smooth and creamy and it's not too peanut butter tasting. I literally only ordered pad Thai in the past, but I found my new obsession now. Nicky's is awesome- the food is incredible, the environment is beautiful and the service is great. I highly recommend.
5	My favorite Thai restaurant. I've had at least half the menu but always end up going back to the red curry. It's a better value for lunch and the soup that comes with the entree is really nice (not included with dinner). Whenever I'm in Pittsburgh Nicky's is must.
5	Our absolute favorite Thai restaurant, if not our favorite spot for dinner in town.  No matter what we order, the food is incredible.  You cannot go wrong.  We really enjoy dining outdoors in the summer, and the cozy indoor dining area in the winter.  Truly a gem!
5	I've been on a quest to try all the thai places in the city for awhile. There are still a few left, but I feel confident calling this one the best. Authentic thai food with high heat levels (love). Usually I'm more adventurous with my meal options but here I almost always get the pad thai. Simple things done right can't be beat. All that said I have only ever done takeout, and hope to amend that soon.
4	Fantastic little restaurant tucked away in a cosy North Side neighborhood.  I had the dumplings and Massaman curry.  The curry was very balanced, exhibiting a richness and hint of peanuts but not overpowering.  Perhaps its years of eating spicy Indian cuisine but the only major complaint I had is the lack of heat in the food, which has been highlighted by previous Yelpers.  If I'm ever in Pittsburgh again I'll definitely make the trip to stop here.
5	Nicky's offers delicious food and a great atmosphere. The outdoor patio in the back is a very romantic spot, with lots of plants and you'll definitely feel like you're on vacation-- anywhere except the Burgh. Very Cool vibe. I'd highly recommend it for a date night or birthday celebration.
5	Such a beautiful outdoor dining area. You wouldn't believe you're in the city while there. Charming flowers and fountains (beware the one may squirt water on you).  The food is wonderful. I only wish they had a vegetarian soup like other thai places.  Simply wonderful dining experience.
5	If you are looking for an upscale, authentic Thai restaurant than look no further. You will be in for a sure treat. This place is amazing. My husband and I went to Nicky's for the first time last weekend and absolutely loved it. You will definitely not leave disappointed.
2	Overrated. Pad thai was mushy and gross, felt like I was gumming my food.  Spicy thai fish was okay but not spectacular and definitely not worth the money.  What I liked most was that the food came out really fast, but I guess that didn't take any time to prepare it.
4	5  Stars for the food, our waiter was one star at best. But the food was so good, who cares if a few things were late?  Great selection and so flavorful. The Thai experts in our group rated it very highly as well, and they go to Bangkok, so I'll believe them.
5	Loved it! Crab Rangoon's are crispy and the filling is perfect. Pad Thai is delicious. Spicy levels are very accurate. Best fried rice I've ever had. Best Asian cuisine I've ever had, this will be my Asian go to choice. Soup was perfect and clean (not sure what it was...cilantro with rice and some protein?). I only had take out but the people were nice. Highly recommend it!
5	At long last I had a chance to eat at Nicky's - I am REALLY late on this one, aren't I? - which has always been praised by friends as a great place to eat tasty Thai food. And I have to agree!Admittedly walking in to this place is a little funny since it was built in a classic old Pittsburgh home - so, compact in the front but long overall. You have to walk down a long hallway towards what just looks like their kitchen to get to their seating area, which is on the other side of the wall in that long hallway. From there we were seated in their lovely looking if not a little small dining area, had our orders taken quickly, and also got our food fairly quickly. It was definitely a pleasant dining experience.Firstly, can I just say that I'd come back here just for a glass of their jasmine green iced tea? It was infused with something - Milk? Cream? Seriously message me if you know what it was! - and the result was a really unique and absolutely delicious beverage. Don't worry, though, the food's good too. I enjoyed a fantastic order of Pad Thai that can be summed up in one word - yum! Everything was cooked, spiced and mixed perfectly, and after some of my past experiences with Thai food it was a relief to enjoy a meal that was tasty even though I ordered a mild meal. Thankfully Nicky's is not one of the places that confuses spiciness with flavor! Oh, and just to make everything even better, my meal (and my friend's salad) both came with a single crab rangoon on the side. Seriously, more places need to do this! I adore crab rangoon but ordering a whole appetizer can be a bit much sometimes. This was the perfect compromise and it added yet another layer of flavor to my meal.I am now 100% dying to return here, explore the rest of their menu, and eat in their gorgeous outdoor seating area out back. Is it too early to start a to do list for summer of 2015? Well, even if it is, eating at Nicky's is on the list now - and hopefully I can come back before then!
5	Just an update to note that Nicky's now DOES charge a corkage fee.
3	Nicky's has been a mixed bag for me. While I think their tom kha, papaya salad, crab rangoons, and fried tofu are excellent, I've also had some terrible dishes such as the seafood hotpot (wayyy overcooked and rubbery), the beef noodle soup (not very flavorful), the fried tofu in peanut sauce (too sweet), and even the garlic green beans (salty to the point of being inedible).The back patio is beautiful and BYOB can either be a plus or minus. Service is always friendly. I don't think I would eat here often if it weren't so close to my house, but when they do a good dish, it is very tasty.
5	Amazing amazing food!I was visiting Pittsburg from New York with friends and this meal was perfect for dinner.The pork dumplings and tom yum soup were stellar.Also wish we had known before, it's BYOB!
5	excellent and I will keep it short and sweet:1. Cozy, small and quaint dining room, 2. tremendous ginger chicken  with pleny of meat and spice, 3. attentive service with timely refills of my ice water and 4. reasonable and fair pricingI highly recommend this place as many others do.  Check it out!
2	Went To Nicky's Thai Kitchen in the North Side on a Thursday night, made 6:15 reservations for 2.  Was greeted and seated promptly.The good:  We got chicken satay as an appetizer and both enjoyed it.  As his main entree he got pad thai with chicken at a "spicy level" of 4 and I got chicken noodle soup-- it was a cold night, so that sounded really good to me.We both enjoyed our food, but neither one of us was particularly impressed.   Our server was attentive and prompt, our water glasses stayed filled, dirty dishes were cleared quickly. I think the space is interesting--it's obvious it used to be a home-- but I have to admit, it wasn't very comfortable.  Seating was cramped and the room got very noisy, so it was difficult to have a conversation.There is only one bathroom (which needed some cleaning attention) and I was only in there briefly before someone was knocking on the door to get in.  For me, that's a problem.  I like to take my time in the restroom, possibly fix makeup/hair, check teeth, that sort of thing, and being rushed to get out by the next person really chars my cupcakes.It's BYOB and they charged a $5.00 corkage fee.  I've been to other BYOB places in the Pittsburgh area and this is the first place I've been to that charges a fee higher than $3.00.  I know it's only $2.00 more than other places I'm used to, but I brought Casillero del Diablo Pinot Grigio which has a screw top, so paying $5 for a corkage fee really seemed unreasonable to me.  Maybe I'm just being picky.We had tickets to see a performance of A Streetcar Named Desire at the New Hazlett Theater nearby, so I chose this place because it was convenient and other Yelpers seemed to have good things to say about it.My assessment:  I will probably never go here again, if there's another event I wish to attend at the New Hazlett anytime soon I'll try to find some other place.  I like to be able to talk to whomever I'm with and I need a restaurant to offer me something exceptional for me to return.  There was nothing exceptional about Nicky's.  My advice to you:  If you're looking for a dining experience that's just "meh," go ahead.
5	Their food is amazing! I'm upset that their prices have tremendously shot up in the past year. You used to be able to eat here with a table of 4 for under $30. My boyfriend and I just ate there this past Friday evening and our meal was $60! I do recommend trying this place. But you must always call and make a reservation for dinner! this place is very small and can not hold that may people! The steamed dumping's are the best appetizer and they have very fresh and yummy won ton soup. The crab rice is also very delicious.
4	I could probably order takeout from here for lunch everyday! Their lunch portions are huge and if you ask for spicy-then spicy is what you get. I'm a fan of their samosas, spicy green beans with chicken and eggplant with tofu. It appears they are always packed during lunch and dinner. Reservations are a must for dinner. Oh and they are also byob, which is great. Although it is winter time and the outdoor patio is not open, I absolutely cannot wait until that warm spring day when they do open the patio again. I could sit out there for hours, enjoying delicious Thai food.
5	Crab rangoons and pad thai are our favorites.  We always have attentive service and love the BYOB!
5	The food is amazing and the outside dining is well set and. Very nice for a cute date or relaxing mealtime with friends and family!
3	I usually enjoy the Thai fried rice with seafood. But today not so much. The calamari was over cooked and no shrimp!
5	Nicky's is my favorite Thai place in takeout distance. I love the chicken pineapple curry, but also the spicy basil stir fry and panang. The downtown location will make Som Tum, which makes me so so happy, but the people on the Northside look at me in confusion most of the time. Their fresh/summer rolls are definitely among the best in the 'Burgh, which plenty of fresh cilantro, mint, and basil. When someone asks me what are the best Asian restaurants in Pittsburgh, Nicky's is in the top 5.
