1	This is the letter I wrote centurylink:I am very UNHAPPY with Centurylink. Centurylink has disappointed me OVER AND OVER again.1. I called centurylink to set up internet. I was TALKED INTO getting a bundle (internet and phone) for $70.2. My order was cancelled. NO ONE CALLED ME TO TELL ME IT WAS CANCELLED. I waited and waited for the internet. I found out the internet was cancelled AFTER I called centurylink myself.3. I was told I could get a slower internet. AGAIN MY ORDER WAS CANCELLED.4. And then they told me all they could give me was a phone line for over $50!! when originally I was expecting to pay $70 for INTERNET AND PHONE!!5. I told them I DID NOT WANT A phone line for over $50. I spoke to a man on the phone for a long time and I finally found a plan that was closer to $15 that I could afford.6. JUNE 11, 2012: I don't have internet and I receive a bill for $56.29. I find this utterly ridiculous.I DO NOT WANT A $50 phone plan. I want the phone plan that was discussed with the appropriate discounts for $15!!!!!!!I find Centurylink's service totally unacceptable. I will tell everyone I know how I was treated. I expect CenturyLink to resolve this problem without WASTING ANY MORE OF MY TIME OR MONEY. Apparently, customer service is not a strong point. And your employees are not educated and have no idea what is going on. I even spoke to one of your "supervisors" and she had no idea what she was talking about. I expect a prompt reply to my email.
4	UPDATE 6/12/13- Charlie is no longer with Century Link unfortunately. I most recently dealt with Tom, the manager, at the Paradise Valley mall kiosk near Macy's. He was helpful. I will update again after I deal with Tom more. He is at the same number- 602-765-2334. The people at this kiosk are still way better than dealing with the 800 number people.After years of frustration with Qwest/Century Link, I learned there is only one way to deal with Century Link (CL)....call Charlie at PV Mall. For anything with CL, he is the go-to guy. After getting my chain yanked by the clowns on the 800 line about 6 months ago when I was shopping for service at my new house, I found Charlie's name in a glowing Yelp review. He was easy to deal with and gave me the straight scoop on the best deals. After that, I learned, DO NOT CALL ANY CL 800 #. CALL CHARLIE AT 602-765-2334. I subsequently thought I had a problem after service was set up and I called the 800 number and they totally screwed up my account. I called Charlie and he said, "Why didn't you call me?" I did not want to bother him, but that was a big mistake. It turned out I only had my wireless router hooked up wrong but the 800 guys starting making a bunch of unneeded service changes before I figured out the real problem. Charlie had to unwind everything they did. I just finished setting up a commercial account for a business application where 3MB/s DSL download speed was OK. If you need faster speed for business, then I think you have to pay more and get Cox. They were way cheaper than Cox and additional savings were available for 1, 2 & 3 year contracts.  I have a faster CL internet line at home (10MB/s I think) and there are many speed options and pricing plans for residential. Charlie made it an easy process, called me back a couple times with questions and updates and then confirmed everything we had just set up. Great customer service- and that phrase is rarely applied to Century Link.By the way, set your account up to bill to your credit card and get the flight miles or points!This is not a recommendation for Century Link, as they are a big ol' gorilla that can be a pain until you get everything set up right. I hate dealing with them but they are usually a necessary evil. However, once you decide you want to go with CL, do not pass Go, do not collect $200, but do CALL CHARLIE. Century Link gets a 2 but Charlie gets a 5 so let's go with a 4 rating.
1	Wish i could give NO stars.  We had a problem getting set up the first time.  They charged us fees that were never disclosed at set up.  Internet was always sketchy and pretty slow at times, but not awful.  Then we moved.  We've been waiting for nearly a month for a tech to come out an fix some sort of box so that we can have internet at our house, and for the SECOND time no one has shown up on the scheduled day.  This is the worst.
1	The worst network ever. Horrible connection, sometimes slow to death, I travel every week and keep disconnected when working remotely on my home server. People, its 2013!  This is what happens when you have no options to choose from. CL and Fox are like two bowls of shit, the only difference is the smell. I had Mediacom in Minnesota, th ebest ever!!
1	I have a 20mbps centurylink connection, however at night, the download speed is a pity 0.5mbps, youtube videos stops frequently.  I logged a case with customer support, its been 2 weeks, no updates from them at all. Their call center is not operational on weekends, really???  Am I supposed to take a day off from my work just to talk to a centurylink customer support rep???
1	I wish that I could give a negative star. Honestly, I never wanted century link in the first place. However, my apartments are contracted with them and try as I might no other service would agree to bend the rules and sign me up. I hate century link because 1.) No, you can not make a payment 24/7. You have to schedule it for a later time. 2.) If you are one day late, you are shut off immediately. However, once you make a payment you have to wait 4-24 hours to  get it back. 3.) Which this far has meant 24 hours although they have no problem pulling the money from my account immediately. 4.) They do not offer 24 hour support, their offices close at 6pm. 5.) It took me 2+ weeks to get it all hooked up because I was told 3 different things by 3 different people about what kind of modem I needed, which turned out to be only theirs. But lucky me, I can rent instead of buy! So over a years period, I will have paid for a modem that I can't keep. The alternative being to buy their modem, which why would I want to? So I can have a modem that only works for century link? Hahaha, no thank you. 6.) they refused to adjust my bill for the 2 weeks I paid for no internet due to customer service incompetence. They even hung up on me. 7.) Internet as low as $19.95? Bull, "oh I'm sorry, your area code does not qualify". Then why is there a billboard two blocks from me advertising it? If you're thinking about switching to century link, don't!
1	Centurylink has proven itself to be the worst telco service on earth. I have used phone services in rural India which seem glorious by comparison! My business line for which I pay a premium price developed a buzz which got louder. I called repair. I was told someone would be out between 10:30a and 2:30p. I rearranged my day, canceled a lunch meeting and sat. 2:30 rolled around. I tried to call for status. After punching buttons I was told they could not transfer my call and to try back later. I went to the website. It said they needed to talk to me about my repair and were trying to contact me. Nothing. They had two numbers where they could reach me. Nada. I spent the next two hours calling and being re-ourted 13 times before finally getting someone who could look into a business account. Even he was disconnected and then put on hold. I have spent literally the entire day trying to get a repair ticket ENTERED with this company and I'm still not there yet. CenturyFink is good at apologizing and that's good because they have a lot for which they should apologize but a dial tone would be better. This is just the latest company to take over an old, falling apart system to try to suck a little more money out of it before abandoning it to the next group of vulture capitalists. If you can bail, do so. Leave. Transfer your service because this is not going to get any better. Tin cans and string would be an improvement over this bunch of clowns.
1	These guys came to my house everyday for 3 months to service my neighbors yard.. Why they have to come thru my yard? That's beyond me.  They woke up my newborn by ringing the doorbell every day at 7am.  During the week.  What if I was at work? Then when they finally get working they tear up my yard and have wires hanging over from my neighbors yard.  The grass is destroyed, they barely covered their hole they dug.  They just have no clue what they're doing and have terrible customer service.  I would never get century link myself nor would I ever recommend it to anyone.
1	I have never had a worse experience with any company in my entire life.  I cannot wait until my contract is up
1	This company has become a joke! We have been without phone or Internet since 5/17. Called numerous times to see what the issue was and the first time I called, they said it a wet cable and that it would fixed on or before 5/24. Well, 5/25 rolls around and guess what? No service!  So I get back on the phone for the fifth time and get the run around again. I ask to speak with a supervisor, where a gentlemen named Nick came on and apologized up and down about the experience we were having and said he would get someone out there today between 12-4:30pm. So we patiently waited for someone to show up, but can you guess what happen? You got it! Know one showed. (Suckers!) I then made another call that same day around 5pm, and was told by Angelo they were aware of the problem and that they were working out in the field on it and we would have service again by 8pm. Well, you know how this story goes, STILL NO SERVICE! This company is full of excuses and promises without any resolution. There might not be many providers out there, but this is one of the worst I have ever dealt with.
1	I was a Centurylink customer for 18 months.  While I was able to get internet for a pretty good price for a while, the internet connection itself was just terrible. I called no less than 10 times and requested to have assistance in making our signal better. Basically they told me that if I sat more than 10 FEET away from my router, I should expect to lose my internet periodically....REALLY...10 FEET?!?!? I actually dealt with this because no one would come out and I was still getting internet for less than $30/month.Finally they raised my price and refused to give me a decent promotion, which actually makes me pretty happy because I could never decide to pull the trigger and break up with them with such a cheap price...it's like the Great Value brand of the internet. After all this time I can't decide which was more frustrating - the horrendous internet service provided, or some of the most terrible customer service I've ever received.Don't get me wrong - sometimes the agent is polite and sounds confident...but do NOT expect promises made verbally to be delivered in practice...I think that's almost worse than just being rude.
1	''we can put you on one line for your business! OH WAIT, supervisor tells me u were put on 2 lines, which never got installed and we tried to surprise you w a fee for servicing it, which u didnt agree to, which you are now contracted in. SORRY GOTTA GO!'' - sales team
1	DON'T GET CENTURYLINK! GO WITH COX, period!!!!!!The trick about their internet is VDSL2 vs ADSL2. They only have VDSL2 ONLY! Terrible! They try to sell me their modem which is 3 times more in price, and you can't get modem from Fry's Electronics to be compatible with CenturyLink. For example, I bought TP-8817 which is a ADSL2 and is twice as fast than VDSL2 and is even compatible with CenturyLink. I was not aware that I only had VDSL2. They keep telling me to buy their modem which I would never buy it from them, because they make a huge profit. Three times I had to talk to 800# technician to speed up the internet for the price I paid for. I had technician to come out to my house and told me that I need a new modem. He said he would give me a new modem. Later, he said I couldn't but I could buy it at Fry's for much cheaper. I did so and guess what. I couldn't use the Fry's modem that has ADSL2. Now the 800# technician told me that I have to buy their modem. This is a lame!I'm going to fight out of this contract and go with Cox. I will NEVER EVER go with CenturyLink. Spread the words around and don't want people to go through like me.Stay with Cox for good! Trust me. I regretted that I use CenturyLink. Another 8 months left of hell and lousy service and provider. Sincerly,J
1	OK where do I start..I switched to CenturyLink because their prices were better. Well, now I know why, their equipment is horrible. When I spoke with the rep. that was setting up my services he asked me how many devices do we have I told them 3 smartphones, 3 computers, 2 Xbox's, copy, scan, fax machine, and not including DIRECTV that also uses the modem to look at OnDemand. Who knew? They did but decided to leave that info. out. So the rep. stated a 15mb modem will be sufficient for all of our devices. HA WRONG!! Everything ran slow a lot of Glitches. So we called back after a week to let them know what happened. We were told that they should have never gave you a 15 modem. it should of gave you 20 modem. So they said they will send us the new modem along with a return slip and we send the old one back. Well, when we sent the modem back and they charge us $99 on our next bill for a modem we never bought in the first place. We rented the first one. So when I called back to get it taken off I had to go thru 2 cust. rep. and a supervisor. To get them to take it off our bill. So after getting that fixed. We received the second bill and the bill was high for what they quoted. So I called in and found out that the $99 was not taken off. They removed it and the bill was lowered. So I received the third bill. Now keep in mind I ordered DIRECTV. So the third bill had the DIRECTV billing which should have been on there with the first or second. So guess what I had to call AGAIN!! This time I asked for a supervisor. I told him what I went thru to get to this point. I asked him to explain why my bill was high again? He stated that DIRECTV finally sent their bill and they added to the Centurylink bill. I said well our bill for them should be $87 why is my bill 302.00? They said DIRECTV billed you for two months. I asked why. They said I would have to call DRECTV and find out why their bill came late. And they couldn't explain why... So I called DIRECTV and got automated services and t told me to call Centurylink to discuss the bill...WTH!!! I had it with this SORRY A-- Company. OFF TO COX I GO...PLEASE DO NOT GET CENTURYLINK YOU WILL BE SORRY....
5	This review is solely for the technician service I received today for my new Internet service.My technician was Douglas.  In addition to the courtesy email that was sent to me to let me know that my tech was on their way he also called my cell to make sure it was a good time to stop by (no waiting around wondering when they'll show up for install!). He was very friendly and a pleasure to talk to as we both have a background in the IT field. He took the time to explain everything to me about my new service and even gave me some extra ethernet cables in case I ever wanted to hard wire in instead of using wifi. So far my Internet is running as fast as can be (I'll update this review once I get past my first bill/months service). Another plus was Brad (who setup my account and install appointment) was able to offer me a $25 Visa Gift card.  I know it's not a big deal but so far the customer service has been A+ which prompted me to write this review.
1	Trying to get help with a bill that has already been paid is a nightmare with this company.  The trouble started when we  cancelled our direct tv. When we call direct tv  we have no balance  all equipment has been return , final bill paid ,but centurylink wants us to pay for direct tv thru them for the month we cancelled. I have made 3 phone calls and still can't get this straighten out. Terrible customer service!!!!!
1	I give it a zero stars, the worst internet service I have ever had and customer service beyond bad.  I will never use the service again, never!
