1	I went for a shellac manicure last week. I was surprised that the salon was so messy and dirty looking. It stunk of chemicals. There was no where to wait until my appointment. The color section was disappointing. I discovered that most of their product was not CND Shellac, but an off brand. I found the manicure rough and at times painful. Within 48 hours,  I had three major chips. I had a shellac manicure at a different salon and it lasted two weeks without a chip. Save your money and go elsewhere!
1	I had purchased a Living Social deal for this place (manicure and pedicure) and made an appointment for my girlfriend and I to get them done together. Made my appointment for 7 pm on Thursday. I had received a call around 6 pm that we could come in early however we were having dinner and unable to get there any sooner than our appointment. Prior to our arrival I called to let them know we were on our way and Thressa informed me to park in the front and come through the side door since she was the only there. I thought it was a bit odd with both of us coming but figured there would be someone else there. We walked in and were greeted by Thressa who showed us the colors. Waiting to see when the next nail technician would come in she starts working on my girlfriends nails.My girlfriend and I decided we would opt for the French manicure and pay the difference however I saw the horrible job she did on my girlfriend (the lines were crooked, none of them were even or looked the same) I changed my mind and asked for solid color. She did not soak our hands, cut off my hang nails and when she filed they were atrocious! I finally took the nail file out of her hand to do some finishing touches. I also had to ask her to cut a few areas around my nails because of the way she filed she completely dried around the surrounding areas.She proceeded to color my nails with the Red Wood (dark deep red) color - she got it all over my hands, surrounding areas of my nails. I had asked her if she was going to remove it and she insisted that I let her do her work. I kept quiet and she proceeded to put my nails under the light - well at this point the polish is on my skin. I made mention to it and she took out some oil, rubbed it on my hands and said to let it set - once it has set it will "magical" come off.They had to pedicure chairs; which I thought my girlfriend and I would use....well guess again - I was wrong!!!She had me turn around and set up my leg on her thigh to remove my polish. I asked her "is it not customary for a pedicure to soak our feet" and she stated that we cannot get our toes wet because then the Shellac nail polish won't stick....I found this to be very odd and called her on it. Everywhere else I can gone has given me a full manicure and pedicure (soaked hands/feet, massaged, cleaned/cut/etc). She said she knows other places do that but this is "how she was taught" and if she did it the other way the polish would come off. She yet again got polish all over my skin not to mention the color I picked from their display was not the color that was painted on my toes. After a color change, she then put lotion my feet and cleaned the bottom of my feet with spray bottle water & towel. We came in at 7 pm and it was now 9:40 pm, my girlfriend said she would reschedule for pedicure as it was taking too long and late in the evening.I could not believe the service and lack of knowledge they had in regards to this procedure and how we did not get full service or have 2 nail technicians available when 2 customers were scheduled to come in.If you have a Living Social deal and have not yet used - call and ask back for your money!! By far the worse manicure/pedicure experience I have had. Not to mention that I do not believe Thressa has her license. Nice lady but definitely not qualified.
1	I purchased the Living Social deal for the mani/pedi shellac service at this place and am COMPLETELY disappointed! I opted to pay 5 bucks more to get the french tip mani and got something my 7 year old son can do - BUT better.  I think the lady that did our nails was p.o-ed at her partner for running the special without her and decided to 'steal' any clients that she could not take during the day.  I went with my BFF (who bought the deal too) and when we went to our appointment, there was only one technician for two clients?!  Tried to give her the benefit of the doubt on shaping my nails, fixing the crooked lines for the french tip, and THANK GOODNESS it was getting too late to get the pedi - she did a HORRIFIC job on my BFF (I am surprised she didn't kick her in the face).  Have you ever had a mani/ pedi that did not include properly cleaning your hands, nails, soaking your feet in a spa, etc??  Do they have inspectors that come check out a place to make sure you have the right rating to do nails?  Like a food inspector? If there is one - this place would fail miserably.   I guess I should check the better business bureau...  Anyhow, WOMEN BEWARE!!! The savings to go to this place is NOT worth it!!!
