5	I found 1 World Medicine after spending nearly a year looking for an Integrative Medicine Practitioner in Las Vegas. I have studied Yoga and nutrition for a while and am very active, exercising 5 days a week and practicing Yoga 5 days a week for 6+ years. I mention the above because my practice and study changed how I view the doctor/patient relationship. Before I had ever heard of Integrative Medicine, I decided that I wanted to work with doctors as partners in my health care. Dr. Wen and the whole staff show how medicine can and should be practiced. They made a difference in my life.
5	Being a nurse, I am a little picky when choosing medical doctors or facilities.  I chose 1 World Medicine because they were in network for me and I was glad I did.  The doctors are all knowledgeable and the staff are pleasant and efficient.  I have also used the accupuncture in their office.  They can do xrays, lab draws and urgent care all in one location.  Dr. Joffe really cares about his patients.  I highly recommend them
5	I went to 1 world medicine on a trip to vegas when I needed some labs done, I met with Dr. Joffe who was one of the nicest GP's Ive ever met, he was very knowledgable and thorough.  The whole staff was awesome, and did a great job.  I only wish that they had a clinic where I live in Canada, If Im ever in need of medical attention in Vegas these guys would be my first stop for sure!
2	Cool nurses and what not. Small. Clean. Wish they had a tv in the waiting room. Couldn't give the place a full 5 stars cause Kimberly(the receptionist, if you wanna call her that) is a complete BITCH! She has no personality at all. It could just be how she speaks everyday, but I don't like it. She definitely needs an attitude adjustment. The physician Ruth Ramirez was cool tho. Oh and there was this other Hispanic bitch that was the receptionist on Kim's day off. Uhhhh yeah she can go fall in a hole. It's fucking crazy how the doctors/nurses are hella nice and then you have these minimum wage bitches acting a fool. If I ever see them outside of work...
1	Long wait times (first time I was here I got here at 9:15 am and wasn't seen until 11:45 am... Wasn't able to leave until 12:30 pm)Dr won't review your test results over the phone - so you have to pay an additional copay just to get the results of your labs.This is my second time here and I've now waited 30 minutes, and was just told there are two patients ahead of me.Will be finding a new doctor and new medical office.
1	It was not too bad of a wait time as my appointment was at 2:00 and I had arrived at 1:50 to get paperwork done. It was 2:20 by the time they could verify my insurance and get me in a room. I mean, that's half an hour right there but you kind of expect that at any doctor's office.My nurse was super sweet, I wish I had grabbed her name. She was awesome with conversation and actually listened. I had told her that I had been in Utah before where they basically throw prescription pills your way when you mention anything wrong. She said she had noticed that and it's a common issue. She said that in Vegas they're pretty strict with medicine, I even had to sign a paper saying I wouldn't try to abuse any pills they prescribe... I didn't want to be on pills and told the nurse that. I wanted to come here because I heard that they were more holistic.The doctor came in after waiting another 20 mins and did the same thing as doctor in Salt Lake. I was prescribed the same type of pill I was given in Utah... WHY? ? She did do a quick checkup and noticed something that hadn't been noticed before, so I do appreciate that. I was supposed to get a referral for a cat scan but have yet to hear of that so my problem really was treated the same as it was in Utah... Give em pills and they'll be better. -_-I was there for a total of 2 hours, only to actually be seen by the doctor for probably 15 minutes total. OH, and I forgot to mention that she just ANSWERED HER CELL PHONE in the middle of us having a conversation about depression and anxiety. This place is no different than any other doctor that I try to avoid.
1	I just want to say that my parents like the doctors, Dr Kumar (I think) and Dr. Ramirez (No longer there).  But my experience was so horrendous that, in my opinion, any good aspects to this facility are completely drowned out.  Scroll all the way down if you want the bottom line.I'm a healthy person.  I'm one of those people who don't see the need to go to the doctors unless my body develops some symptom I cannot deal with, or I break a bone.  It wasn't my idea to go to the doctors.I went to my appointment, on time, and I believe I waited for a half hour.  Only understandable because they are also an urgent care.  But the real reason it took so long was because the receptionist had trouble verifying my insurance.  Finally she said that I didn't have insurance (which wasn't true).  This was around the time when Obama made health insurance companies use more of the premiums towards the actual wellness of the insured.  So, I think as I was talking to the receptionist, my health plan was being changed under my nose.  Okay, not entirely the receptionist's fault, but she did call the wrong number on the card, so I say not entirely.  So in order to not waste my trip, I pay for the office visit completely out of pocket.  $75.00 to see the doctor, I was told.  She also said that if my coverage could be verified that I would be reimbursed, so I agreed and paid.  I see Dr. Ramirez.  She's nice and does a physical on me.  She tells me I'm healthy, just a little bit overweight.  Okay, tell me something i don't know.  Afterwards, I realized the stupid mistake I had done.  I couldn't get anything else done because I "didn't have insurance" and would have to pay all of it myself.  My only real reason for going was to get a prescription for orthotics (good job to the medical industry on that useless runaround rule).  I didn't even get it because again, I "didn't have insurance" and getting customs were expensive.  So I gave up asking and left, feeling no different and no more knowledgeable about my health.  A month later I get a letter in the mail charging me for $164 for my office visit.  I thought that crap was over with.  Nope!  HOW can you tell me its $75, see me, and then later essentially say oh btw it's really $164.  April Fools!  One hundred and sixty-four dollars for my sub-par experience.  yayI was going to fight it until things happened that I'm not going into.  In short, my two cents is there's nothing more that I hate than dishonest, greedy, and inefficient business practices.  In the end, it left a bad taste in my mouth.
1	Ughhhhhhhhh they take forever here! All I need is to get my TB test read but have been waiting here for 1 hr and 15 min and counting and can't come back later because of work. Grr I wouldn't recommend it here. Then the admitting nurse had the nerve to laugh and tell everyone "oh, so full in here. I've never seen it so full. Bad choice for you guys to come in today huh haha." Really?
