1	I would have given this store 4 or 5 stars BUT...Me and a friend are at the register having our items rung up and there is an employee, whom I later find out is the MANAGER using foul language. It's not like he is using it because he hurt himself and said, "Da*& it!" but he was telling off an employee saying he was "dragging A**". He used other not so kind words, but when he said "a**" I yelled out "Language" but it seemed to have no effect. Now I'm a big boy, I can be ok with that if necessary, BUT not when there are small children in the store. And especially he doesn't need to be so degrading to an employee. He seems to be a very unkind person, and there are other Dollar Tree stores in the area like up off Stephanie and Sunset, or the 99 cents  store on Tropicana at Nellis. This is an older white guy with a super foul mouth. He shouldn't use it towards employees, in the area of children or ladies, and he certainly shouldn't be using these words when he represents Dollar Tree. What a disgrace.
5	How awesome is it to have a Dollar Tree just seconds from where I live now?! I shopped the one off Stephanie and Warm Springs a lot and now I have this one.I came in here right when they opened and loved it. I came back a couple of weeks later and loved it even more. Still has the cleanliness of a new store, and you could never tell it used to be an Ace Hardware.There are still a few gems that I find in my Stephanie and Warm Springs store that haven't made their way to this location yet, but I accredit that to it being fairly new. They'll get those same gems soon enough. The employees are always super friendly and great to talk to while checking out. You know they're a good location when I came in here last to buy my mom a temporary case for her iPad and walked out with $20 worth of stuff! Check it out if you're in the area. Pretty nice and love being able to make it a one stop shopping experience with Trader Joe's right next door! :)
5	The cleanest dollar tree you will ever see. The manager a older gentleman was the most helpful, kindest individual I have come across in a long time. Helped a old lady out to her car with 15 bags he took all of them in one trip and held the door for the lady. What a true gentleman ! I'd shop here anytime 5 stars to this store!
4	This is a pretty good Dollar Tree location. They have balloons, like most other locations, for special occasions. The aisles were clean and well-stocked. I can tell that I liked it because I was only there for about 10-15 and I walked out with $10 worth of items. Just too easier to spend money there. Good selection of home, beauty and holiday merchandise as well.
