1	Hello Friends, Well, if you "know" me and check out my profile you will see out of over 130 reviews only 9 are ONE STAR (Eek! Methinks not). Well now its 10. For good reasons. I do not base my reviews off previous reviews of a company. I give a lot of places at least 2 or 3 chances to redeem themselves.I love food and try to find the silver lining in all experiences (good & bad)Well well well..... This place WILL NOT get a second chance.   jankie establishment the flyer/promotion (that they left on my door) spelled the place "CHeeRY HOUSE". Really?? and I notice on Yelp and the building its CHERRY HOUSE II... Not "ChEEry House".  Lazy owners that don't care enough to get the name of the place right..smh Well, they do offer %10 off on delivery and %15 off pick up over a certain amount. (sorry, i didn't commit to memory since i WONT be back)I know how some are about "strip mall" and this is located inside one.. ekk ekk ekkNow to the "food"... Not bad in prices, buttttttt..... you get what you pay for.  My GF had Lemon Chicken (breaded tiny piece of "chicken" With a lot of breading to trick you into thinking you got a lot of food) with Crab rangoon (Wasn't bad 3.5/5), & "brown rice"i ordered Shrimp/Chicken & Brocclli & "Brown rice" as in white rice with brown sauce on it (and I can tell due to the large lump of white rice in the middle), an Egg Roll that didn't make it to the bag as i guess they forgot even tho it comes in the combo) .I had, and please believe me.. i counted.. 5 shrimp in my whole order. And it wasn't the big shrimp, it was the 20-30 count. The "spring roll" was as long as Your middle finger and as wide as 2 fingers. I have a finger for them alright... ah ah ahhhh.. not that finger but my thumb. Pointing at me as to say... I won't be back!
4	I have to say; if you don't like the food here, you really do not know Chinese food; and having LIVED in China for several months, i feel i can say that on good authority.The place is not much to look at, and the service isn't exactly great; but its not bad service either. They focus on making GOOD food. The food is fairly traditional Chinese--nothing too exotic, but unlike many other restaurants in Charlotte the food is cooked in traditional Chinese Style-- not the overly Americanized stuff many other places serve.The portions are great for the price you pay, and the entrees are always good--i particularly the Hot and Spicy Beef, as well as the Honey Chicken,the Crab Rangoon's (which actually have bits of crab, and REALLY GOOD cream cheese)  and especially  the Kung Pao chicken--cooked almost exactly like it is in China--The food is also ALWAYS piping hot too.The Chinese are big on veggies, and all their dishes will have plenty in addition to large amounts of meat. Not sure what the other reviewer was talking about shrimp wise; i have always gotten plenty.This being said, i have NOT tried them for delivery, only take out. And DO NOT get their Fried Rice (hence only 4 stars); it is not good--but the white rice is great.All in all  its a good Chinese Restaurant serving, solid tasty food.Don't let one person's bad experience ruin the opportunity for some GOOD food. You've got to be pretty superfical  as well to judge a place by its location and "spelling"? It helps to not that the owners AND Cooks here are ACTUALLY CHINESE.
1	Food was great! However, I gave my debit card number over the phone and then the delivery guy (dressed in a auto body shop uniform) ask to make an imprint of my card number. Stupid me let him do it as he made a big deal about people stealing card info from customers. I kept the receipt and about two weeks later $300 was taking out of my account from an ATM located 21 miles away from where I live. My bank informed me that there were six attempts to withdraw money at one time and then the person figured out my PIN number. Be cautious when giving this place of business any bank information!!!!!
2	For a man that Yelps and relies on other Yelper's thoughts, it slipped my mind to check reviews, and just jumped right in.  Had I read my buddy Mike S.'s (Yelp! should implement a way to link people within reviews!  I digress...) review before, I'm certain I would not have ordered from here.  That's what happens when its gets past dinnertime and you forgot to eat because you're working feverishly to meet deadlines.A bit overpriced, but plenty of food provided.  That said, it's just food, nothing special:Tangerine Chicken - I guess it's dissimilar from orange chicken bc it's miniature.  No, I'm not talking about tangerines, I'm talking about the chicken.  It was literal scraps of chicken that was breaded (somehow), fried and glazed.  Too much sauce, not enough chicken.  I guess tangerines also have a subtler taste than oranges, perhaps?Hot and (Not) Sour Soup:  I've had hot and sour soup at a number of places, and this was one of a handful of places that don't use enough corn starch to get the desired viscosity.  May be a preference thing... one thing that is not a preference is that it should be a bit sour using vinegar.  Didn't really taste that part of it.  Enjoyed the fresh vegetables in it, but that was offset some by how much oil floated to the top.Fried Rice - Just white rice and soysauce cooked for a bit on a pan.Jumbo Shrimp with Garlic Sauce:  The dish is the saving grace that kept the rating above one star.  I thought it tasted quite good.  Again, the vegetables were money--they looked and tasted fresh.  Shrimp were the average shrimp size, not the small ones--I guess, hence JUMBO.  Good texture as the shrimp didn't have that taste like it's been frozen forever.I won't be ordering from here again.  Prices need to drop to match quality or quality needs to improve to match price.  In any event, no more random ordering without checking Yelp!dmo out.
4	Good stuff! Ordered delivery and they arrived within 30 minutes. Loved the General Tso chicken! So good!
4	Like so many I had a menu on my door and finally decided to order. Though it took almost the full hour to deliver it was well worth it. I ordered the lunch orders of curry chicken and broccoli with garlic sauce. Both were delicious. Yes the egg rolls were obviously reheated and were not great but the main dish was hot, well seasoned, and a huge portion for $6. There was a ton of chicken and a good amount of veg in the curry. I also ordered the wonton egg drop soup, my favorite because I don't have to choose between wonton soup or egg drop soup. It had good flavor, the wontons were HUGE. Good consistency, egg drop tends to be gelatinous and this was not. There were no veg in the soup but not all places make it with veg. The Chinese donuts were also good, a little soggy but they were sitting in the box while I ate so that's sort of my fault. Reading the reviews I was nervous but after trying it for myself and not encountering any of the horror stories I would defiantly order from again.
3	Got delivery.  House fried rice (shrimp, chicken and pork) along with egg drop soup and an egg roll. The delivery was on time. The egg roll was on the small side and rather average. The house fried rice was pretty good, though. It wasn't greasy like you see in so many places. I got a small size that was easily enough for two meals. I would have liked a few more shrimp,  but it was fair enough for the price. The egg drop soup was probably the best I've ever had for Chinese delivery. I was very pleasantly surprised overall. Will definitely be ordering again....ordered again, and was a bit underwhelmed.  Need to stick with the fried rice. Their egg drop seems to be hit or miss. Will still order again, but not expect as much. This is bordering drunk food territory
1	Like Mike S. here I do my best to look for the silver lining in all things.  I just couldn't find it here.  We ordered delivery.  One chicken & rice soup and two General Tso's chicken (one with spring roll, one with regular roll - both with fried rice).  The fried rice was literally just that - fried rice - no egg bits anywhere to be found.  I've had this combo at a number of Chinese restaurants around the country and every time it has egg bits.  Oh well, moving on... the order, like I said was for one spring and one regular egg roll - guess what came?  Two regular egg rolls.  But that's still not why I give this place 1 star.  The egg rolls were on the small side and I could not finish mine - tasted bad - again I usually can tolerate a lot of variation in how my food is done - I NEVER throw away food - that egg roll I spit out.  But that's still not why I give this place 1 star.Moving on to the chicken part of General Tso's Chicken - small bits of chicken deeply fried in a ton of breading.  Flavor was in the middle.  The menu marked this as a spicy dish.  I couldn't find any bit of spice anywhere in the flavoring.  Almost had a barbeque type flavoring to it - nothing like any GTC I've had in the past at a number of Chinese takeout/delivery places.  Not a good dish at all - again I NEVER throw away food... I threw this away - not even for leftovers!  My wife did the same after about 6 bites.  But that's not why I give this place 1 star.Now - remember I ordered a chicken & rice soup?  Well, what we got could not be described as a soup.  Think more like chicken & rice casserole.  There was water in there - but it was soaked up by all the rice - which looked very pasta-like... and not like "rice".  I'll try to upload a photo so you can get an idea.  Anyway, my wife loves soup - this was not soup.  To add to this, they threw in fried wontons - which every Chinese restaurant does for their soups.  You use them to soak up the water/oil in the soup to "thicken" it.  Was this a joke?  I called them up and according to the person that answered the phone "that is how we make it".  I asked why give the fried wontons then?  Silence.  She said next time I order just say you want it more "soup like".  Let me get this straight - when I ordered "soup" I need to specify I want it more "soup like"!?  For my dissatisfaction I was offered 10% off the next time I order.  Yeah, there will be no next time.The soup that isn't soup debacle - this is what truly gives this place one star.  You've been warned. :)
1	I usually try not to judge a restaurant from only a single time ordering, but I have to say... the previous reviews were right, this place has got to be worst Chinese I've ever ordered. Terrible Terrible Terrible. Some of the food tasted like it was frozen, most of it was inedible. After this meal, I will not be giving this restaurant a second chance.
3	Your average take out Chinese restaurant. They were kind of slow but they had a lot of takeout and deliveries and people calling. I got my usual - Chicken with Broccoli and there was just WAY too much Broccoli for me!
4	My go to for Chinese food.  They deliver and I can order through GrubHub which is very convenient. Also my favorite egg drop soup in Charlotte. The LoMein is okay. The fried rice is good. I love the curry chicken and hot and spicy beef. Food is generally delivered in a timely fashion and is still hot.
