4	I've driven by Roly's dozens of times. It's a small little mom-and-pop joint located across the street from UNLV. One thing that caught my eye about this place is a sign that touts that they have the best Cuban sandwiches. When someone makes that sort of claim, I don't just take their word for it. I take this matter into my own hands.Walking in, I saw their array of baked goods right away. Some being traditional items like cheesecakes, croissants, as well as their own selection of treats of Hispanic influence. Everything looked absolutely delicious, but I had to pass since I was there looking for a meaty lunch. Those sweet treats were put there to distract me when I had a sign to challenge.The Cuban sandwich comes to about $8 + tax. It comes with the traditional works: ham, sliced pork, some pickles, swiss cheese, and mustard served between their own baked bread. In terms of flavor, the sandwich could have had more, especially with their sliced pork. It wasn't a bad sandwich, but it left me feeling indifferent. I kinda like my Cuban sandwich a bit more greasy and toasty. Sorry Roly's, but this was not the best Cuban sandwich. It was a bit to plain for my tastes. I have to admit that the thing was gigantic though.*3/5 stars based on the sandwich aloneI decided to bump the overall rating to 4 stars due to how delicious everything else looked. They even had chorizo pizza and empanadas, which I definitely have to come back to try. Their cakes are very extensive and have so many other baked goods that's sure to satisfy the sweet tooth. I'll keep that in mind the next time that I drop by.
3	Great little shop on the corner of Trop and Maryland. I cant say a whole lot about the pastries but the Looked incrediable! A bit pricey but I'm sure well worth it.I tried the Cuban Sandwich- very simple ham, mustard, pickle, swiss/mozzarella cheese. what stuck out was the BREAD- OMG, it was so soft. I cant tell you how it's made but it was the first time I've ever tasted bread with that sort of texture. Try it, it's good- but I warn you the sandwich is quiet large. If you're looking for something to wash it down with try a good ol Malta Goya! very unusual taste- but you might like it!
1	Never coming back, unprofessional.Ordered a cake day prior came for pick up it wasn't ready and they had to substitute ingredients then what they said they would put. Had me waiting for an hour. Could be just baked a cake at home probably. No sense of compromise for my disatisfaction. Got the cake for work and ended being late for work. Disappointed much senor.
5	I love Roly's Bakery, it's the best Cuban bakery in town! pizza is fabulous! guava and coconut pastelitos are delicious! and excellent customer service! 5 stars to this place! and if you just feel to take food to go this is the place!
4	I ran into this bakery by pure chance while buying some parts for my car late one afternoon a few weeks ago... and it was the amazing smell of freshly baked goods that lured me in! A mixture between a colombian and cuban bakery, this place has some yummy breads, pastries and cakes from different regions south of the border at very reasonable prices. I purchased a toasted coconut cake, fruit pastelitos (turnovers) as well as some ground beef ones and they were all awesome. Oh yeah, and if you are in the mood for a cuban-style coffee, get ready to indulge! Their coffee is awesome. Although I did not get a chance to try their bread, it all looked very tasty.The lady behind the counter was friendly and courteous. The owner also came out to honor a Yelp deal I received (apparently it is expired but still shows up upon checking in) and did it all with a smile!  I will most certainly visit this bakery again soon!
4	I was dragging during a midday slump and waiting for a friend to get out on his lunch break. Driving around the university, I spotted this bakery. I am always in search of a sweet pick me up. Looking around, Roly's offer the usual goods and a full scale menu. If we did not have plans to go to a restaurant close by, I would have told him to meet me there. After the experience, I probably should have. Not wanting to completely gorge myself, I ordered a eclair. It is massive. For $2.75, this large pastry is nothing to complain about. The thin shell had a good bite and did not go soggy due to the cream custard filling. The chocolate dip was generous, but not too sweet. As I was paying, I saw large trays of tres leches for $10. I wished they had mini cups or single sized portions for sale. At least I know where I can get a party size tray for the next picnic UYE.When you check in with Yelp this week, they offer a choice between a coconut or guava danish.
4	Yummo!Very good authentic Cuban sandwiches and pastries.  Fantastic breakfast and really liked that the omelet was not greasy.  It was so tasty, filling, and budget friendly as well.  It's hard to find Ironbeer and Materva unless you're at a Cuban place and it was so exciting to get some. Om nom nom.Since we were driving back to LA we picked up some great pastries for the ride home.  They do compare themselves to Portos (they even have a sign out front that says it), however they are not Portos.  Don't expect the crazy lines (yay).  The selection of pastries is not as large but they are just as good!
4	Delicious sandwiches and pastries, surly staff. No greeting, no thank you. The girl behind the counter seemed very irritated that we were asking questions such as "does the sandwich come with mayo?" and "can we get it with no pickles?" (STILL got it with pickles). I know that working with the public is unpleasant a lot (if not most) of the times but when a customer is smiling and asking a question nicely, the least you could do is fake some niceness and not act as if we're inconveniencing you. We'll be back because the food is really good, and now we know not to expect too much politeness service-wise, but it'd be nice to be able to put in an order and not be made feel like a jerk.
5	I LOVE this place!I found it on yelp when I was looking for breakfast places near the airport.The bakery is in a little shopping center and unless you are actually looking for it you may miss it.We went for breakfast and had the vegetable omelet. It was like $5 and it includes coffee or soda, toast and even a delicious pastry.It was a super deal, delicious, very clean and the staff was super friendly.Very nice family owned place with very inexpensive home cooked food. You HAVE to go if you need a break from the strip or if you have a little time before your flight.
1	What a disappointment!!!  I was excited to visit Roly's Bakery I am Cuban and recently relocated here from Miami.  Being in Vegas for a few months now I have been missing the pastelitos, Cuban bread, and sandwich.  I expected something a bit more authentic.  It's a shame the people of Las Vegas will equate Roly's Bakery with Cuban pastries since they probably don't know anything better.  First of all the Cuban bread wasn't authentic it was like the chewy bread Wal-Mart sells.  For those of you who've never had wonderful authentic Cuban bread, it has huge air pockets, is very very light in texture, with a crust that flakes almost like paper.  The pastelitos were as far away from authentic as the bread. Again, they missed the flakiness and  the taste was mediocre.  The only thing they nailed was the cod croquettes.
2	I came to know of this bakery while searching for bakeries here in Las Vegas that were similar to Portos in Los Angeles. With that in mind, please note that I am writing this review with regards to only two items.I sampled their guava/cheese strudel, qnd their cheese strudel, which the lady working the counter told me was their "cheese roll" equivalent.It was $1.25 for each. Much pricier per piece compared to Portos' 85 cents or so for each one.I found both strudels to be overly doughy and I am missing that light, airy, and much more flakier bread of Portos. Filling wise, I thought both could have used more given the much more dense dough and larger piece. Tastewise, I would say it's alright but nothing to brag to the portos lover about.I would come back, because I know cuban bakeries have good stuff and I would like to try out more items.
4	I tried some of Roly's items at a birthday party and I wanted to return. I was mainly in search of the fish croquettes which were like a creamy fish stick. These are so good and I am glad I went. I tried some pineapple coconut cake which was outstanding. Some many more items to try I can't wait to go back, the Cuban sandwich on the menu was calling my name.
4	I'm happy that my brother, a Las Vegas resident, knows all the decent bakeries in town. Since Roly's Cuban bakery is near McCarran, we often stop here before heading to my mom's when I fly into town. So if you get on Tropicana leaving the airport, turn right.  In front of UNLV is an old Strip Mall with Roly's facing campus. It's not much to look at from the outside. And it's not particularly descript on the inside until you look at the display cases full of pastries and the most beautiful cakes.The two women working inside didn't speak much English, but I speak enough Spanish that with the menu having pictures and prices, it's no problem. Just point and pay - money speaks in all languages. My brother order a Hamburger.  The burger took about 10 minutes, and it smelled and tasted different in a good way.  There are several different types of burgers, but the regular $6.99 burger is a quarter pound patty, with a Cuban style bun.  Chorizo is blended into the meat patty, and cooked chorizo is part of the  toppings, along with mayo, and red bell peppers, I would give the burger 4 stars. It would be great with an IPA (which Roly's doesn't sell)Pastries were kind of sparse at 5 PM but some good ones were still around. I opted to get a slice of mango cake, with sweet mango topping a white cake and mango puree topping with cream between the layers.. I also got a slice of tiramisu, my favorite thing of all we ordered.  It had a strong cocoa smell from the cocoa powder topping, with whipped cream and white cake layers.  I also enjoyed the guava cheese strudel, but it was a bit heavy and too sweet.  I liked the coconut pastry with the dried sweet coconut paste inside the pastry.  The rolito pastry, rolled yellow cake with pastry, was decent but not as good as the other stuff.Too bad we didn't taste the cakes. The ones we saw were beautiful, and if they tasted anything like they looked they would be perfect.  We don't plan to order any cakes soon, but this would definitely be a spot to order one.  There are table and chairs for those ordering their sandwiches and relaxing.
4	I started my love affair with Cuban pastries in Los Angeles, when I walked into a not-so-small bakery called Porto's. One taste of their cheese rolls and I was hooked. (btw, the closest thing I've come to Porto's cheese rolls in Las Vegas is Chef Flemming's cheese danishes. His store is in Henderson, you can check my profile for a review) It's hard to compete with a giant like Porto's, especially to a self-professed Porto's fanatic, one that has eaten there no less than fifty times and half their menu. So, I was more than excited to try Roly's, a small unassuming bakery located in the Von's shopping center, that boasts that they are "like" Porto's. And for the most part, they live up to the boast. I've been there a handful of times over the years and I've thoroughly enjoyed my purchases. The cod croquettes are moist and flavorful, that have a nice crunchy exterior (think of gourmet fish sticks). Their potato balls are huge, filled with a spicy ground meat. It's both tasty and filling. The star of the store is their pastries. I thought their mango and guava cakes were light and delicious. They appealed to my palate as they weren't overly sweet and the taste of the fruit outshined the cake. Also, there was no cream on the mango, just the mango filling and cake. Winner! I liked their guava streudel too. But c'mon, this was nothing like Porto's celebrated guava cheese roll, not even close. It had a tasty guava filling on typical strudel dough. There's a lot of Cuban pastries and dishes on their menu. There are some I have never tried, such as their tocinillo de cielo, a pastry made with egg yolks, sugar and water and tastes much like flan (according to Wikipedia). On their food menu, they have Cuban sandwiches, and omelettes. To round out the meal, they offer a different styles of coffee, the most interesting being the Cuban coffee, made from cuban espresso, a dark roast.
5	Delicious Cuban pastries, yummy breakfast omelets and affordable prices.  Ain't nothing like this in Texas. Great off the strip cafe,  you all go check it out!
5	This place is amazing. I have gone there every single time I wanted / needed a cake. They're cakes are delicious and so moist. The spaghetti.. There is so much of it and its just so great. The sandwiches are massive. About the same size of the bag. Which is a good size and its thick. Also the pizza is soft, its smooth, its fantastic. Best pizza in vegas.
4	This place is great!  Especially if you like good Cuban coffee and a pastry to go with it.  But they also had a good breakfast offering.  I had the veggie omelet and the choritzo omelet.  Both were great with fresh ingredients.  But most impressive was the coffee.  They make a classic Cuban coffee with sugar, and they also make a great cafe con leche.Interestingly, if you search for coffee houses in Las Vegas, almost all of them are some distance away from the strip.  I guess that is because the coffee houses serve people living here, not the tourists.  So this was a great find, although it will take a car to get there.  Highly recommended.By the way, they also run a wedding cake business from the same bakery, but you can get many of the cakes by the slice - nice!
1	Didnt explain menu and what a 'pastry' meant to them vs expectations, plastic silverware and styrofoam plates. Just ok
4	Cuban sandwiches and coffee. Yummy! The pasteries are great, too, if  you like the flakey kind. My biggest complaint is that they take a very, very long time to get a to-go order ready. It took over half an hour to get a freaking sandwich made. If you aren't in a hurry and love a good Cuban bakery, this is a good one. I would go there again.
3	I last visited Roly's a few months back, but I wanted to write a review and forgot...sorry.  Anyway, I am Dominican and I was born and raised in Miami. Many of my friends growing up are Cuban.  To this day, when I go home to Miami my dad goes to Riviera Bakery on 17th ave to get me an assortment of pastelitos. So, I consider myself an honorary Cuban pastry connoisseur.  With that said, I will say that Roly's is pretty good, for Vegas. I've had the pastelittos (pastries) - cheese, guava, guava with cheese and meat. All good, but not as flaky and yummy as I am used to. I've had the croquettes, and they are okay as well. I had a mango milkshake and a mamay milkshake and they were both good.  Can't go wrong with a cafe con leche.  So here's the deal.  If you're expecting authentic "from back home" stuff, then you're going to be disappointed.  But, if you just need a little fast of home to get you through the day, week or months, then you'll be okay.  They do a good job and trying to make everything truly as Cuban as possible and you have to give credit where it's due.  And if there are Cubans in there on a regular basis drinking coffee and eating sandwiches, then it's gotta have some authenticity to it. Give it at try!!
4	I first visited Roly's Bakery two weeks ago with my husband. We stopped in for a pastry and coffee to follow up lunch at Cuba Cafe. Confession: We had a full meal with appetizers, sides, entrees, dessert, AND coffee at Cuba Cafe but, upon realizing Roly's was just down the street and on the way home, we decided to turn our cheat meal into a cheat life. I'm not ashamed. Though I was unable to eat again until the next day, I'm both glad we visited and sad we didn't know about this place sooner. My husband and I are recent transplants from LA where Cuban bakeries are abundant (Porto's and Cafe Tropical being two popular go-to's). I mention this because most of my experience with Roly's is best explained through comparisons from what I already know.We ordered a guava cheese pastry, otherwise known as a pastel de guayaba con queso, and two espressos. The coffee: It's very easy to percolate a pot of Cuban coffee at home but it's so refreshing to have it done for you on a much cooler industrial percolator.  Based on the cups used, Gavina is the grounds of choice here. Within minutes, two steaming cups were brought to our table and we were directed to the counter for our sweeteners. My Cuban husband was disappointed to not have his coffee made with the characteristic sugar slurry but, at the same time, having the option of using non-sugar sweetener was nice (sidenote: on our second visit today, we were asked if we wanted sugar already mixed in, which my husband enthusiastically accepted).The pastry: We were served a pastry that was still warm and crusty. It was absolutely delicious. Here's where the comparison comes in: while the price point is higher at just a bit over $1 per pastry, it was more than generously filled with guava paste and cream cheese. The ratio was just about perfect, which I cannot often say about the pastries at Porto's. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rolys-bakery-las-vegas?select=ZfpGGDu42EwzKPPkAnDyNA#ZfpGGDu42EwzKPPkAnDyNAA quick scan of the cases and menu showed two things: cuban crackers and bread that we'd been missing all this time as well as breakfast served all day. The latter was what brought us back today. There are four combos available: #1: 2 eggs, toast (Cuban bread), and coffee for about $5http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rolys-bakery-las-vegas?select=X0sEYYhXQ6bCbjH_f1SMRg#X0sEYYhXQ6bCbjH_f1SMRg#2: 2 eggs, toast (Cuban bread), pastry, and coffee for about $6#3: 2 eggs, toast (Cuban bread), ham croquette, pastry, and coffee for about $7http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rolys-bakery-las-vegas#24c6bmIEBCafd6T-POQqHAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rolys-bakery-las-vegas?select=ciUJhawXmWuJhpW8pjXxrw#ciUJhawXmWuJhpW8pjXxrw#4: 2 eggs, toast (Cuban bread), marinated steak, pastry, and coffee for about $8 To each combo, you can add ham, sausage, and other items for $1/each .In addition, there are four omelette selections: western, spanish, veggie, and one other that escapes me. All come with a pastry and coffee. I ordered the #1 with fried eggs and added bacon. Now, at $1 extra for the bacon, I expected one or two small slices. What I got was THREE crispy thick slices. The eggs were fried perfectly to my liking. The toast? Well, what's there to complain about when you're given freshly buttered toasted Cuban bread?My husband ordered the #3 with scrambled eggs and a guava pastry. First, it's clear the eggs used are real and not bagged. Second, my husband was thrilled to find that they're seasoned lightly with Sazon, a popular Latin seasoning blend that we use in his eggs at home. Now, the most important part. My husband loves croquettes but has learned not to expect much from any place that sells them. Today, that changed. He bit into his croquette expecting the usual mediocrity and, instead, his eyes lit up and he looked toward the kitchen said, "Oh my god, MOM? ARE YOU IN THERE?". I took a bite and can attest to the fact that these are the best croquettes I've had from an eatery. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rolys-bakery-las-vegas?select=XPrpcXPwngzgMdZljGUU0g#XPrpcXPwngzgMdZljGUU0gAll in all, breakfast came to about $13 before tip. We plan to come back for the Cuban pizza and, honestly, for more of everything else.
5	Love their Cuban pastries, Cuban coffee, the staff, Their cake etc. have used them for parties for their Lechon asado and arroz moro.. Nice to have in Las Vegas since there is nothing like it here and we are from Miami! Thank you Roly's for bringing South Florida to Las Vegas!
3	We tried the medianoche, guava pastry, cortadito and empanadas ... they were good, good, good and very good, respectively. Their selection of pastry was limited. I still think Roly's is worth trying because of the good service, cleanliness , and decent taste of food. We will be going back to try some more from their menu. My reason for 3 stars - frankly, the best Cuban pastry&sandwich I've tried was in So Cal, Glendale at Porto's bakery and that has been my standard to beat. They have some of the best Cuban  pastry&sandwich (at least from the places I've tried).   Until I find something better than Roly's in Las Vegas, I guess this place will do.
3	Ladies were nice....service was pretty good....but it took 20+ min for a Turkey croissant and a ham croissant....we were expecting cold sandwiches but they came out hot.....they were still tasty but they should advertise they are hot....anyways was a good place for pastries and a quick bite to eat.....
4	Had the Spanish Omelet and coffee here. The omelet was very good, I liked the flavor of the chorizo and the thin egg wrapper. The coffee was also great, bold and fresh. It also came with a guava pastry which was good, but not as flaky and airy as I had hoped. Nonetheless, paid less than eight bucks and could have saved more if I knew that UNLV students and faculty got a 20% discount.
4	Cuban bread!  And it's good. Cuban crackers (home made---no more shipping from Miami)!  Ahhhhh....Pastelito de guayaba (guava) is good. Pastelito de carne (meat) is okay. Cuban Soul food.  I'm happy.  AND the cafecito is excellent. Have an espresso here (made with sugar, and please have it this way -- no Splenda, no fake shit!) for $1.50 and see what Cuban cafe is all about.  Cubans, we have coffee, sugar, rum and cigars. Use them all to excess and you'll be fricken happy.
1	Tried this place cause I was craving Portos and God knows that's a five hour drive. It was terrible and the service was worse. I can't stand Hispanic place because they treat light sling people like pests. I'm Cuban and this place sucks and they're service sucks.
3	Had the Cuban sandwich. On a scale of 1-10,,about 7. Flan was a little disappointing..not above 5. I would not make this a destination, but if I needed a place to eat in the area I would return.
4	Nice local bakery. Everytime I go everyone is friendly and it's never been crazy crowded or anything. I like all of their pastries and cakes that have fruit in them like the guava pastry, mango cake, and coconut and pineapple cake. But the main reason why I come here is for their Tres Leches! My second runner up would be the Tres Leches at Drago Sister's Bakery but their style is a bit more of a American version, sweeter, more dense, not as light. But here, the cake is really moist, flavorful without being too sweet and their whipped topping is so silky and just delicious! They also sell them in a variety of sizes. Definitely my go-to cake to bring to parties or take home after a crappy day at UNLV lol! :)
4	Super delicious CUBAN Bakery!  Great For parties...  Just put in our Christmas Eve order of ham croquetas, pasteles de guayaba y queso crema, tres leches cake, 3-loads of fresh baked CUBAN bread. They are precise with time for puck ups and delivery!!!!
