2	Ok, so I know I shouldn't expect much from hotel restaurants.  I'll try to make it quick and painless.The good:  the grilled flat bread with the citrus garlic hummus like paste that they give you instead of bread.  Considering it's a resort hotel cafe, the price wasn't ridiculous.  The bad:  Slow service.  I was there when it was DEAD, and the service was nonetheless slow, especially on the coffee refills.  I ordered the ahi nicoise salad.  After checking to confirm that it wasn't tuna from a can, I got this dry, marinated tuna steak (about 3/8" thickness) on top of what was an egg, tomato and kalamata topped caesar salad.  The tuna was about the salties thing I ever tasted.  It was like eating a tuna steak version of salted anchovies.  Brutal.  Lesson:  Don't eat the nicoise salad.  Go for something that they really can't screw up, like a grilled chicken sandwich and fries.
3	Nellie's is in the Westin Kierland Hotel.  Like the previous Yelper said, its not bad for a hotel restaurant.  We had the flatbread and eggplant/hummus spread-- it was tasty and complimentary.  We also ordered foods that were pretty hard to screw up:onion ringsfrench friesfresh fruitchicken, fig, gorgonzola cheese flatbread pizzaThe service was slow.  It felt like forever to get our bill.  But the food was decent and it was simple.  I couldn't help feeling like I was dining in a circus tent though.
3	I'm somewhat surprised by the low stars Nellie's has received so far.  The service we experienced was both quick and attentive.  The drinks were always refilled and the food came out quickly.  I am only giving them 3 stars for the price.  I ordered the ahi tuna lunch special which sounded tempting.  Unfortunately for $15 there were only 2 pieces of fish about the size of an orange slice.  The greens and dressing that accompanied the tuna were tasty but clearly covered up the taste of the tuna itself.  Not bad at all, but not worth $15.  The free bread is tremendous.  Brushed with olive oil and rosemary, grilled and served with a delicious spread.  Also, the view can't be beat.  If you can, eat outside when it's not too hot.  You won't be sorry.
3	We stayed at the Westin during our stay in Scottsdale and were short on time, so we decided to eat here for lunch. They gave us complimentary grilled flatbread with a garlicky, lemony hummus like spread which was phenomenally good. I would have been happy if that was all I had for lunch.  After I ate almost the entire basket of flatbread, I moved on to the special of the day which was their new york strip steak on ciabatta bread.  The steak was a little over done and tough for me, but it was still tasty because it was covered with cheese and topped with sauteed onions, mushrooms, and bell peppers. It was served open face style over a slice of heavily buttered ciabatta bread.  The fries were piping hot and lightly sprinkled with kosher salt. They were thickly cut and delicious!! My hubby had the ahi tuna nicoise salad.  Do not order this! It was bland and not appetizing in the least!  Other than the yummy flatbread, this place was just ok for me.
4	We ate our first breakfast at Nellie's after a long flight from the east coast and a too short night's sleep.  The wait staff provided much needed coffee but also a recommendation to take a peek at the breakfast buffet that was underway.  While we thought it was a bit overpriced, she explained that the purchase of a breakfast and entree and a beverage (coffee or juice) would add up to the same price.  We indulged ourselves in the buffet - turned it into breakfast and lunch!!!  Wish we had remembered to use our AAA card to receive a discount - but it was still worth every bite... I mean buck!
2	Had the sunday brunch,First off was, we had a reservation at 11, when we got there they acted like they did not even know we wanted the brunch. The staff was going really fast and looked like it was the first time they where haveing a brunch.as for The food, the salads where all ready and looked great, the other food well they; where still setting up when we got there and still where 30 min into the brunch. They did not keep up with the customers demands and kept putting out small portions nor any serving utensils. The crab was great and cooked perfectly and same with the shrimp, when they had it out. The salads were good to but everything else was down hill from there, the staek they served was hard to cut or to eay but all had fat and allot of grissle, the grooper was cooked to long makeing it dry and hard , the omelet station could not keep up nor the deserts, pancakes, and waffles . The omelet i ordered was undercook and still runny. I asked the manager on call about getting some more deserts out and he looked at me and gave a wise ass remark and walked away. The best part of the meal was the crab, fruit, and view!!!!
2	I love this resort.  I did not love this restaurant, though.  It was ok and I had a decent meal of a salad with vanilla glazed salmon - which was fine, but somehow uninspired.  I really did feel that I was eating in a hotel, as opposed to eating in a restaurant that could stand on its own.  Also, the drinks from the bar were just kinda "off" - first time I've ever ordered a whiskey straight up and had it served in a martini glass with some sort of foamy fizz collecting at the top.  I don't want to say "don't eat here" because it wasn't  bad. If you don't have high expectations, this place is fine. It was just ok.  There are better eating options within this sprawling resort we've since learned.Side note 1;   If you're staying at the resort, most of this menu is available as room service.  Be ready for the 22% "gratuity" and the $3.00 service charge and the 9.25% tax rate for this room service - but you know, sometimes it's worth it.Side note 2;  Consider walking off resort, through the main entrance  to the 3-block high-end, but sub-designer shopping area across the street.  It is filled with wine bars, multiple margarita specialists, sushi,  steak and disposable income themed  establishments that cater to wealthy, Jaguar / Audi SUV / Mercedes, BMW 5 series and above/ crowd that continues on with conspicuous consumption.  If that last sentence describes you or your aspirations, you will have a good experience across the street.
1	This was a very disappointing dining experience. Despite friendly staff, none of the three entrees we ate were properly cooked, especially the way overdone pork chop.Service is friendly, but there are better restaurants within this hotel not to mention within walking distance of the hotel.  My suggestion, skip it...
4	Nellie's is on the lower level of the Westin Kierland Hotel.  We were pleased with our dinner experience.  The service was outstanding.  I've also eaten breakfast here on two occasions.  Again, I was satisfied each time.  If there is a drawback, it's the price.  Cocktails, for example, ran $10-12 each.  Something to consider if you drink a lot.  I had the NY steak.  It was terrific.  My wife had the pasta, she was also pleased.  The kids had the cheeseburger which looked great, must have also tasted fine as they finished it off.  It's a clean modern setting that looks out over the golf course.
4	My wife and I, along with a friend, decided to try this restaurant for our New Year's Eve dinner at 7:00.When we arrived at the hotel, we noticed that this is where Stanford U. was holding their pep rally. Place was buzzing with Red and White and shirts with large printed letter 'S'  or 'STANFORD' .Walking down to the restaurant we were greeted and told it would be a minute. The staff and waiters were very cordial. The place was packed full of people and the noise level was tolerable.We started off with the Waldorf Salad which was AMAZING. The dressing was just the right amount.The acidity in the dressing was just enough to wake up those little taste buds. After about 20 minutes, the waiter apologized about the service being slow and would comp my wife's wine.We hadn't realize that the time was flying by, 40 minutes had passed and the waiter came over with the dessert menu and said that our whole meal was being comp because they hadn't gotten our main course out to us. He said to go ahead and order dessert and coffee. When our entrees appeared, my wife had the Roasted Half Chicken which was cooked just right and I had the Herb-Marinated Pork Chop which was cooked medium well. The Apple-Thyme Chutney was sparsely place under the chop, Wishing there was more. The Sweet Potato Mash was wonderful. Our friend had the Filet Mignon which was cooked medium well. He had no problems polishing his plate off.We finished our meals with our Starbucks coffee and apple cobbler which was huge. Even though our meal was comp'd, the food was excellent and we will come back to try it for breakfast or lunch.I just found out by reading another review that if you want bread, you have to ask for it.
1	Not sure how a restaurant who looks so fancy, but the food so poorly done can even be in a resort like the Westin! We were a large dinner party and every body's food was wayyyy over done! I specifically asked for medium rare knowing most restaurants always over cook steak...and then it came out well done along with all the others. The potatoes that accompanied it were not good either. Some of the apps were good...like the tuna tartar and the beef pastry. And the desserts were good.The only plus was the staff was super nice...but I didn't come here to pay for a friendly face.
3	Beautiful view, outdated decor, decent foodI ate lunch here one day during my conference.  We sat outside and enjoyed the beautiful view.  The food was decent - we both tried the chicken mole special.  The decor is definitely outdated...this restaurant might be more of a destination if they did some updates.
3	Tomato basil soup was a little chalky but the pork chops were great! Two fellow diners absolutely did not like their salmon..said it tasted "old."
3	We ate at this restaurant three times during our stay.  I loved the mixed greens with apple vinaigrette and chicken.  Absolutely delicious.  The problem:  my son's hamburger came out smelling like char--it was absolutely not freshly cooked and way over done.  We sent it back and the new one was fine--not great, just fine.  The waiters were accommodating and otherwise, all was good.
4	After researching the Westin and amenities they offered, I found they served a Sunday brunch. I was excited because I love brunch buffets and this one sounded similar to the one I enjoyed at Shugrue's in Lake Havasu City recently for Mother's Day. Since it was my Mom's birthday, I decided we should give this a try. I'm glad we did because it was a good experience. We arrived at 11:30am with no reservation and they were quick to seat us and take our drink order. Then we got up and indulged in the many offers. There was an omelet station, a waffle/pancake area, tons of fresh fruit and a salad bar. Then there was a meat/cheese station with other small appetizer bites (tuna tartar and goat cheese/mushrooms on crostini bread). Then there was a meal station - this included herbed steak with caramelized onions, snapper with cous cous, a vegetable melody, a pork dish, and then a chicken dish. The steak was the best. It was so good I had two servings of it. If they served this every Sunday, I'd be there every Sunday. Finally, there was a dessert station. Nothing was named, but for the most part you could figure out what they were (brownies, tarts, chocolate covered strawberries, etc). I really enjoyed all the fresh fruit, the variety of meats, and how the service was. Our waiter was really nice - quick to get more water and quick to take our empty plates. For $28.50 per person, I will definitely be back.
3	The service is very good and all the staff are friendly. Don't order the grilled shrimp app - way way too salty and you get 3 shrimps for $14My husband ordered the turkey pot pie it was ok. It's the Latin American version so they use corn bread instead of puff pastry. I ordered the pork chop for main and it was salty too.
3	I am disappointed in the food for the amount it costs. I know this is a Westin - but the two times I came here I left unfulfilled .The salad was not anything special as was the individual pizza. This place got 3 stars just because the food wasn't bad- just not worth the price. The staff seems nice and this place was never crowded. I would highly recommend walking taking a shuttle to a restaurant close to the resort.
4	We arrived a few minutes late for their regular breakfast menu/buffet which ends at 11 am but they do have an all day limited breakfast menu.  I had southwest eggs benedict which was pretty good while my wife had fresh fruit and yogurt which was a generous size.  I'm actually relieved we missed the breakfast buffet because it's $24 per person and we would have eaten way more than necessary!  Service was very good and attentive.  It was pricey for breakfast but most in resort/hotel restaurants are like that . . . you pay for the convenience of not having to go off property.
