5	My parents have been using Desert Castle Pest Control for years and when I moved out here I called them right away. They do a great job and I recommend them to everyone. No one does it better.
5	I recently purchased a house. Unbeknownst to me, it had a beehive in the wall. Wanting to use a local business (I always try to go local and support my neighbors instead of a corporation! ), I hit the internet and found that Desert Castle was in my area. Though it is not BBB Accredited, it had an A+ rating and no complaints. I always try to go local and support my neighbors instead of a corporation! Bill showed up at my house the same day I called. And if he isn't the nicest guy you have ever met...I bet that he's in the top 10! Very professional, and to the point. He assessed the situation, told me what my options were, and t took care of my problem at a reasonable cost. Now...I don't expect to need an exterminator every month, but if I have issues again, I will certainly be calling Desert Castle.
5	My girlfriend was stung by a scorpion while we were visiting her parents in Scottsdale, AZ and was hospitalized as we learned she has a severe allergy to scorpions.  She was scared to sleep at the house for fear of another encounter (rightfully so...).  As a result, I went looking for a pest control professional that would come (a) immediately and (b) would not require a long-term commitment.  We just wanted a few treatments to ensure the house was safe.I called several well-known, "branded" service providers and they demanded long-term commitments and service agreements just to come deal with our emergency. Gary at Desert Castle Pest Control understood our concerns and the importance of treating the house and came the same day!  He was kind, professional, went out of his way searching the bedroom and showing us how to use black lights to find them, etc.  I could not have wished for a better service professional and would recommend Desert Castle to anyone.  My girlfriend's parents liked the service and Gary so much (and the competitive rates), they decided to keep him coming every month to keep the house safe.
