4	Where'd all the reviews go??Anyway, this place is pretty cool! Loved wandering around before and after the show, and it looks like they have some awesome events coming up. I gotta say it was frustrating sitting way up in the highest balcony to watch one person at a lectern, as we couldn't really see him at all. But the sound was great, and we'll just have to buy tickets sooner next time.
5	Opening Night for the Lion King was amazing. Thank you Overture for bringing the show in town.
5	Madison, Wisconsin is lucky to have Overture Center because it is gorgeous! It feels like concert hall more than a regular theatre. I went to see RENT and I was at the left seating area next to the main floor. The view was stunning and it was a tad cheaper in comparison. Other than a small part of the show in the upper left corner of the stage that was slightly hidden, there were no other obstructions and I could see the actors clearly. RENT could not have found a better place in Madison!
4	I like the Overture Center; it's not like the Performing Arts Center of the Fox Valley upstate--it's a different beast entirely.It's got an amazing set up; glass windows as you walk along to see all the people outside, wooden floors, and it's just a very clear view all around. When you first walk in, you can see the circular projecting stage from a floor above from a circular hole in the floor. It's a really neat stage from what I could see.Every so often, it brings it big name events like Wicked, The Lion King, etc. I was here last night for No Reservations: An Evening with Anthony Bourdain.The theatre we were in was amazing; the acoustics were all right but the seating is really the downfall. It's a typical theatre seating arrangement, but the overhead seats cast some really awful shadows (if you're like me and trying to take a picture, which I apparently could do for this event, but not guaranteed for others). It also has a really questionable method of getting people out, only having two aisles on each end as opposed to a middle. It's a little bothersome if you're sitting in the middle and have to keep standing up for people to come through, but my guess is they wanted more seating. Not to mention, the higher up you go--the more difficult it is to actually see.The refreshments (drinks) are a little pricy as well. $5.50 for a mixed drink which is found elsewhere at other upscale restaurants in Madison, but the bartenders made me a pretty decent amaretto sour so I'm at peace with the prices.I'm disappointed this place is so far in debt, and I hope Madison gets to keep it--it's a really lovely theatre and I'd definitely like to come back and see another show.
4	Its pricey but great place.
5	The Overture Center for the Arts is a gorgeous performing arts center of which cities and people around the world should be jealous. Housing the gorgeous and state-of-the-art Overture Hall (2,251 seats), the Capitol Theater (1,089-seat renovated vaudeville venue), The Playhouse (347-seat black-box), and the Rotunda Stage (capacity 350), Overture is capable of presenting any genre of performance art. In addition to its 4 gorgeous theaters, Overture is also home to 4 visual art galleries, and has local artists' work hanging on walls all over the building. Furthermore, Overture plays host to wedding ceremonies and receptions, conferences, business meetings, reunions, community programs ... Literally, if you can dream it, Overture can probably present or host it.With a presenting season that spans Broadway to bluegrass, dance to children's puppetry, and everything in between, there are performances for every person.Add to all of this that OCA is, in and of itself, a gorgeous building worth walking around/through, you simply can't go wrong as a patron or visitor to this magnificent facility.
5	I LOVE this venue and cannot WAIT to see another show here.We came here for a show in the Capitol Theater.  The theater blew our minds as we didn't really know what to expect.  We were convinced that it was a new theater made to look old.  I had to ask an usher about the history and was told that it was restored to it's original state (1920s).  Stunning.  Really.  Being from Milwaukee I am in love with the Pabst Theater.  It has amazing acoustics and is a piece of history.  It too has been restored, and has a similar feel.  But the difference is that in the Pabst you feel a bigger sense of intimacy and grittiness and in the Capitol Theater you get this sense of grandeur and elegance.The acoustics were fantastic... and I honestly don't think there's a bad seat in the house.  We planted ourselves in the balcony - and yet I felt so close to the performer.Like I said.  I. Will. Be. Back. Bravo!
5	Culture vultures unite.Overture is THE Madison hub where international, national, and local artists can present, perform, and engage audiences.  Many of the visual art experiences are FREE.  What a wonderful, inexpensive, culturally rich and exciting way to spend your evening.  Many big time shows from Chicago make their way to the Overture Center.  You cannot miss this!  Even if you don't "like" art...just come to gawk at the architecture.  It's simply gorg.  GET OVER HERE!
4	Overture has a lot of pleasant performances every year. The building is designed very well and my experience has always been good. The only real issue I have is the central entrance where people jams can be frustrating. It can be a little nerve wracking when you are walking around with a 7 year old who doesn't seem to realize that you can't see him. Hopefully that helps! Go see a show!
5	The overture center is a gorgeous, gorgeous piece of architecture. Seriously, the atrium is beautiful whether it is dark or light outside, and the actual theatre is beautifully designed as well. I really don't think there is a "bad" seat in the house (ie. no hidden corners, no seats that are too far from the stage) Although, if you can afford an orchestra seat or a center circle seat, by all means GO FOR IT. It's worth it! Or you can do it like we did and find cheaper last minute tickets on craigslist. :PI went to the last West Side Story showing, and it was a great. The quality of the cast was not quite on par with the casts that I have seen in San Francisco or New York, but I can overlook that. Everyone's gotta start somewhere, right?Anyway, I am pretty stoked about the various musicals coming into town over the next few months!! (: I hope they don't disappoint!
4	Excellent facilities and staff.  No coffee!  :(Can't bring your own in....   so buy an overture center go-cup and sneak it in next time!
5	Just like everyone else says, this place is gorgeous. I can never get over how pretty it is. They always have great shows and the workers are always amazingly nice. I always love going here!
5	I was pretty impressed with this facility.  The staff was very nice and there really weren't any bad seats.  The location is good and the acoustics were pretty impressive.  I took my wife and son to see Wicked.  It is a nice venue, I just wish it was closer to home.
5	Look out for rush tickets! If you're a student, sign up for the email specials. Otherwise, you might get the lottery rush too! Such a fun and exhilarating experience. Sadly, if you didn't get tickets like me, head over to the box office right away for specials :)Love the selection of musicals. Even balcony seats are great, you get a good overview of what's happening. It is a little scary for people afraid of heights....Music concerts are also wonderful here. Andrew bird, yoyo-ma, the symphony, Rockafella. All different kinds of music thrive in the overture, great acoustics! And, you can get your own reusable cups for wine, beer or other drinks! Very civilised, clean and environmentally friendly!!!The venue is also available for special events like weddings, can't wait for my friend's wedding in a month!
5	I was so very privileged to play with the Mormon Tabernacle Choir in this amazing hall! It was one of the best I've performed in! Thank you for hosting us and making us feel so welcomed. I hope to play here again!
4	Very impressive venue to say the least!  Went here to see the ever politically correct and quite raunchy pothead Bill Maher.  Madison is lucky to have such a modern and gorgeous arts center/theatre-I liked that you could get refreshments on each floor!  The only reason I didn't give this place five stars is because I didn't like the way we had two free rows ahead of us with not a single person in the seat...for no reason.  Why not move us up, just to be nice? Or maybe because we paid $57 per ticket to be in the nosebleeds?
5	Wow, what a stunning  room.  The sound is exceptional, it is incredibly clean (thanks adult sippy cup) and the staff is incredibly friendly.  I have seen stand up comedy (Louis Black), plays (Jersey Boys & Wicked), the Madison Symphony, and a few concerts and I have always been wowed. If you have not been, go, it is truly a treasure of our fair city.  BTW: the Capitol Theatre is also fantastic for shows too, great sound, great energy.
4	Great venue. Great location. Great shows. Great prices. Great facilities. Great seats.Parking? No comment, but enjoy everything once inside the Overture Center.
4	Great venue in the heart of Mad-Town. Saw a show in the Capitol Theater-Not a bad seat in the house. Decently priced drinks in the most adorable reusable cups. Must have a cup with a cover to take drinking in. Acoustically solid. Lots of food options in walking distance. Definitely worth the drive in from Milwaukee for a show!
5	I love the Overture Center! Being a braodway and ballet fan I really appreciate the wide selection of shows available year round. Some of the ballet are even choreographed and performed by our very own Madison Ballet Company ~~ There are multiple concert halls in the Overture Center, though I have only been to the Overture Hall. The seating arrangement and sound system are well-designed, as expected. Regardless of where you are seated, you get a clear view of the performance below (or above) you. They clearly mark out the few seats with limited view, so you know what you are getting into before getting those tickets. On most occasions rush tickets are offered. Do keep a lookout for those as you can great seats at superbly awesome prices. The best way to be kept in the loop is to sign up for e-mail notifications, especially if you are a student since they offer great student deals from time to time. But note that most rush or special promotion tickets are in-person only, and you have to pay in cash. For student specials, a student ID is required, and each ID gets you two discounted tickets, so you get to bring a friend along. If you arrive at the show early, grab a quick bite or take a quick walk at the surrounding shops along State St, or visit the shop at the Overture Center for some nice souvenirs, then sit back and enjoy the experience!
4	I haven't had any bad experiences there.  I've been to the Overture Hall and the smaller venue.  Both are fantastic.
5	I've had a chance to see a variety of musical and dramatic performances here and every time I'm pleasantly reminded how much Madison cherishes the arts.The space is beautiful and warm, as are the employees that work here. Recently I was privileged to view my first opera in the hall and this was the perfect welcoming location for my new favorite art form.Make an evening out of your time here, or an entire afternoon. The location is perfect--right in the heart of downtown.
4	This venue is gorgeous.  The building itself is a work of art, now add amazing performances to that and you've got a great experience.  I have seen a couple of acts here and I've never been disappointed.  They host extremely talented actors, singers, and dancers.  I saw Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat last night and I couldn't ever imagine pulling off what those performers did.  The stage design was flawless.  It is a definite must-see!The only thing that I would change would be the fact that in order to take beverages into the theatre, even the ones they supply, you have to buy one of their cups.  They aren't super expensive, but I wasn't really a fan of having to buy one.  And although the performance was amazing last night, the glaring lights that they pointed directly into the audience could have been nixed.  The lights otherwise were breathtaking, but I could do without being temporarily blinded.Regardless of the things that could be changed, you still need to visit.  They've got a great line-up... Jerry Seinfeld is coming! Woo! Go see everything you can there, you won't be unhappy. "These pretzels are making me thirsty!'That has nothing to do with the Overture Center, but now I'm thinking about Seinfeld and had to say that. But really, go, go, go!
4	My dad helped build this place. Seriously, a lot of the structural steel and many of the handrails here have my family's handiwork all over them. Take your kid to work day used to be interesting..I'd talk about how awesome everything looks and how great the architecture is, but I feel like it'd be gloating by proxy.As an adult, I've been here a handful of times to catch different shows. It's definitely a different setting from that which I'm used to seeing shows. Normally, I'm packed into a tight crowd at someplace like Milwaukee's Miramar, Club Anything, or Turner Hall or Chicago's Bottom Lounge or the Vic. The Overture is a little bit high-brow for me.Still, over the years there have been a few musicals just too good to pass up when I've been in Madison already or I've been taken along as a guest.The folks at the box office are always really helpful and professional, ushers are knowledgeable. There are not, to my knowledge at least, any seats in the house that provide a bad vantage point although some are certainly better than others.
4	I've been to a fair share of performances at the Overture and it's of course a beauty of a  venue. Just pass by it on State Street and you'll know this is one impressive building.  The Overture gives merit to the adage 'beauty attracts beauty' since this gorgeous place is always lit up with shows that are just as stellar. I was here for Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat (thanks to yelp!) and for the Broadway play Chicago last year, and both of these stood out as lovely performances in a setting that perfectly suited their brilliance. I'm typically not a big show-goer, but I find myself at more and more shows simply because they're held at the Overture. Doesn't take much to drag me there. Forever impressed!
5	I always love seeing performances at the Overture Center.  This past Saturday we went to the Sing-a-long-a Sound of Music and a few months ago we saw an AMAZING production of Once.  I am also looking forward to Book of Mormon which we have tickets for this spring.Overture always brings it great talent and is always a wonderful experience.TIP: Get the plastic glasses and bring them with you each time so you can bring your wine into the show!
