2	This place can use a bit of quality control.1.  The gas - Hey, it is a chevron station, so it has decent gas, no issue there.2.  The car wash - I go here really for the car wash. It is no great deal at 19.00 for the Ultimate or 22.00 for the Ultimate with Rain X.  So, you would expect a high quality service.3.  Outside, good job,  Inside floor, good job.4.  What do you notice the most - THE WINDOWS...  First 10 minutes look great.  Second 2000 minutes - all you can see are the wipe marks from using dirty towels, or not putting elbow grease into the windows.5.  For a small car, I tip a lot , 5.00 because I thought that these guys would work hard.  Well, the quality is in the details and here, I am not happy.  For this level of cleanliness,  you should find another place.  I have gone here quite a few times and this last one was the worst...Check it out, and if you have a better place, go there instead...  GK
3	I have been coming here for many years now. Most of the time, it's a job well done. Today I was happy with the Supreme car wash but the time was crazy. It took 56 minutes for my car to be done. I actually looked at my receipt because it was taking so long. I'm not sure which is more important to you, quality or speed. For me, I have high expectations and think for $30, I should get both.
2	For those Vegas locals who rarely if ever venture out of the Las Vegas Valley, chances are you think Terrible's is great. But if you've ever been to Phoenix, Dallas, Kansas City, or Atlanta and been inside a QuikTrip location...well you know that any Terrible's location lives up to it's name. And this location...certainly carries the corporate name well. Getting in to the pumps and especially back out onto Pecos can be tight. Inside every time I've walked in the doors I found the place to be dirty. And cluttered. Can they find more stuff to line the counters with? Top it off with service that ranges from oh it's you again to OMG, I really wish I could be working anywhere else and you get a classic Terrible experience. Oh and the bathrooms? Maybe if you're having a kaopectate moment and desperation forces the issue. Bring lots and lots of hand sanitizer. Don't say you haven't been warned. Your best bet here: Pay at the pump, then scram. (Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #13)
4	Lexie (my car) was in  need of a car wash... and I gave her a Terrible one! I've always wondered about the name/brand... and It always put a smile on my face thinking of all the possibilities of saying I got "Terrible Gas," etc. :) Great, fast friendly service! I opt for the Basic which adequately cleans my car
4	Was a decent visit. Kina expensive paid 39$ for my dodge truck that I can pay 25$ on horizon and horizon car wash for same works!
3	Good place for a car wash, cheapest wash is $14 then $19 and a couple more packages. Quick, excellent service! A little too pricey but it's worth it!
2	PIT STOP CAR WASH ON STEPHANIE RD (in henderson) IS OPEN AT 7am TO ALL OF US EARLY BIRDIES WHO CARE!!7 am and NOT open!Seriously when they are open there is this black man here who washes my mini to perfection with such care and detail. He's lovely and amazing!7 am AND NOT OPEN IS LAZY LAZY LAZY!Who owns this joint? Wake up and do better business there are early birds who love love love clean cars in the early am. Opening at 8 am is simply lame!
1	Horrible experience! Paid for the most expensive wash and the car was still dirty on the inside, not wiped down, terrible vacuum job, windows smudges, the list goes on...waste of money, will not be going back there.
3	Depends on the day.Sometimes a good wash, sometimes not. They often don't wipe down the inside of the car (which you pay for). Also had things stolen more than once.
5	My choice to wash my car. You can sit inside the a/c and watch them do all the work out the window. :)
1	DON'T DO THE CAR WASH HERE! I went there to try out because it's nearest one from where I live. It wasn't even cheap. Apparently they opened pockets and took my money and starbucks card. I can't trust this place any more. I wonder what else is missing now! Don't ever go here.
4	I have the monthly membership ($30/month for a $15 wash everyday). I like coming here because they're quick. This specific location has indoor seating and waiting area - great for the summer months. I'm always happy with my washes. They vacuum, wash, towel dry, and clean the inside of my car. Sometimes they add a free car fragrance or tire shine too! Everyone here is always super nice and professional. No complaints :)
5	I am so happy with the improvement I have seen in this car wash. They are attentive to their customers and are really doing a better job on the cars. Prices are decent especially when it comes to the job that is being done.
