1	Dr. Baig has poor bedside manner and has no clue how to be a well rounded doctor. He may be a good surgeon (however I would not let him operate on me so I will never find out) but I have been to doctors that care about their patients, that don't interrupt their patients, and that have some empathy for their patients and that are reasonably punctual). Unfortunately, Dr. Baig during my office visits has exhibited none of these critical characteristics. I know there are much better choices out there unfortunately from Dr Baig's demeanor it is obvious that he doesn't know that.  His staff is nice, no issues. Also, he was over 40 minutes late to all of my appointments.
5	I am so happy with not being in pain anymore! I have arthritis so bad and was in pain when I first saw Dr Baig in August of 2012.  One thing I really liked about Dr Baig was that he wasn't in a hurry to jump into surgery without trying non invasive treatments first.   I tried physical therapy and 3 months of pain management which included lumbar injections to stop pain and reduce inflammation, unfortunately these didn't work for me.  I had surgery in 2013.  Everything went well & was up and walking the next day.  Evening of day 2 following surgery I had a hematoma (brain bleed type stroke) while in the hospital. The 3 day I thank God that Dr. Baig came by on his day off to see how I was doing as he was the only one that noticed something was wrong.  None Of the hospital staff noticed even though it was complaining of horrible headaches bad double vision.  The next thing I know I am in intensive care for the next week.  A hematoma can happen to anyone at anytime. You would think being in a hospital would be the best place to be if you were going to have one!  Dr. Baig saved my life and I will alway be grateful.  It doesn't hurt that the lumbar surgery was a success and I've gone from pain meds every 3 hrs to no pain meds and no leg or back pain!  Dr. Baig is honest and doesn't sugar coat the truth.  I like that, plus it is a great surgeon. Thank you Dr. Baig!
1	PLEASE KNOW THAT I GAVE ONE STAR TO BE ABLE TO POST THIS REVIEW Dr. Baig gets NO STARS.. After waiting a month for an appointment, my husband and I waited in the lobby for 90 minutes, got in the exam room and the Dr. asks for the reports.. REALLY.. U mean the reports that I faxed when I made the appointment..so we had to RESCHEDULE.. I was pissed because I left work early and got nothing, I left the office and he told my husband "you should tell your wife to calm down, this is not a quick process" EXCUSE ME.. WHAT?!!! Came back and he sent us for a mylogram.. Ok, never did that one before. Did the mylogram, came back .. He said our only option was surgery.. Mind you, my husband had anterior cervical fusion on 4 levels in 2007, so we were NOT jumping into another surgery just like that. I asked what other options there were besides the highly invasive laminectomy that most people recover horribly from.. He went round and round as if we were going to say "ok schedule it" when he realized I was serious he suggested pain management. Did that, lasted about a month. Decided to get a third opinion (Dr. Baig was the second).. Since that appointment Dr.Baigs office has been requesting the surgery notes by fax from St. Joes. When I called to inquire if the reports had been received the medical records girl told ME to call and check in it.. I called St. Joes and picked up the records within 48 hours.. And that equals ZERO stars... Called Mayo clinic, the hospital that invented minimally invasive spinal surgery. Got an appointment within one week of sending reports. Did an MRI with contrast on site, went to the consult on the SAME DAY! The Dr. asked.. Who is this Dr. Baig? He asked what we were told.. Surgery and so on, the Mayo Dr. Shook his head in disbelief.. Conclusion - My husband has some scar tissue from the previous surgery, some nerve damage that can be helped with therapy.. And no bulging discs.. The Dr. Couldn't see ANY REASON to go into his spine again... My recommendation, fill out an on line appointment request at Mayo Clinic..
