5	We were so impressed with Dr Syms. We were so worried about our newborn. He was born with Aural Atresia. Dr Syms finally put our minds at ease. He spent a good amount of time with us and we didn't feel rushed. He was very informative and sensitive to our needs. He even wrote us a personal letter afterwards and told us if we had any questions or concerns to contact him directly. I wish all doctors offices were like this. We would definitely recommend. Not only are good doctors a bit hard to come by, the real challenge lies in dealing with their office staff and personal assistants, who unfortunately, in my experience any way, are often times unprofessional, insensitive or just plain unresponsive. Not the case here. The whole experience was a good one. We would highly recommend.
2	While I do feel that Dr. Syms is a very nice man and a good doctor, he lacks the ability to provide adequate after care for patients. After two full nights of agonizing pain (with several phone calls to his on call doctor) I tried to get an appt the next day to see what was wrong with my ear. I called a total of 5 times in one day and I was constantly promised call backs, I never got one. I ended up in the hospital with a massive infection in my ear that had traveled into my lymph nodes. If my calls had been returned I would not have suffered the way I did. I will NOT be returning. You are only as good as your staff.
1	I am a hearing care professional in New Jersey, and I received a panic message from a hearing impaired friend in Tempe who suffered from sudden sensorineural hearing loss (SSNHL), requiring treatment within hours if there is any hope of recovery. The standard of care per otological association guidelines (for which I received professional training in 2010) calls for an intratympanic steroidal injection administered as soon as possible, with about a 60% chance of recovery. [Edited 11-12-2014 to reflect training.]So, I called a local colleague -- A Doctor of Audiology -- in the area, and she referred him to Dr Syms. A family member of this gentleman, who is an RN, called the office about 9:15 am on Wednesday November 5th, 2014; and the receptionist not only refused to put her through to Dr Syms, she also refused to schedule an emergency appointment for today, instead offering an appointment for next Wednesday, 12 November, seven days out. This unprofessional behaviour by Dr Syms and his staff is Not Acceptable.Dan SchwartzEditor, The Hearing BlogDan@Snip.Net
1	If you value your health , please go to another Dr. Or perhaps Dr. Syms should seek care. In the past I have seen 43 bad reviews.
