5	This restaurant has great authentic dishes. Be sure to bring your appetite. The Tortas are packed tall with meat, veggies and cheese. The enchiladas are to die for. Even as I am writing this quick blog, my mouth is watering and my stomach is growling. Seriously....You should make a trip to this unique Mexican restaurant. The food is great and the order & pick-up-at-the-counter style means that you don't have to leave a tip. You can also ask for a frequent Torta card to get credit and earn a free Torta after a few visits. They have offer happy hour and flat screen televisions to watch the "big" game. It's close to Jobbing.com arena and University of Phoenix stadium. It's worth the trip and I bet you will be back. I will probably see you there!
3	I accidentally found Torta Rica when I ventured away from the hospital where my best friend was in labor and hitting hour 22. Forget the upcoming birth of my nephew... I was hungry. I didn't have to drive very far to see the nice building that housed Torta Rica. I had remembered Ayesha's review and decided to pull over, and give them a try. I am so glad that I did! When I entered the restaurant, it was very nicely decorated and it was clean. I guess I was expecting a hole in the wall setting, so I was pleasantly  surprised at what I saw. I ordered La Torta Rica which comes stuffed with Carne Asada, bacon, grilled onions and chiles. It also comes with Mexican cheese (think fresh mozzarella), lettuce, tomato, jalapeno, and avocado! As you can probably imagine, the torta was HUGE. The bread it came on was soft and stood up well to all the juices that were mingling around inside.The torta was delicioso!  The carne was well seasoned and you could taste that it had been grilled. I topped the torta with guacamole salsa. It was spicy but not too hot. I was a very happy girl after eating the GIANT torta. I didn't know the torta was going to be so huge so I made it a meal for 1.99 extra. That meant it came with rice, beans and tortilla chips. My advice, skip it. The rice and beans were not good. They were nothing amazing, don't even bother. The star is the torta and I promise you won't be hungry after you eat one.It is a little pricy but it honestly is a big sandwich that you're eating with quality ingredients inside. I hope to return to Torta Rica sometime soon to sample more of their specialties!
3	Hate/love relationship here...Love - I love the vampiros, especially bean and cheese.  Also, bean and cheese burrito is quite good.  The tortilla is dense and if held separately I would imagine it has some weight to it.  I like that they have numerous hot sauces to choose from, and the salsa bar has several options.  However, their builder is an idiot because nobody of average height can reach under the (misplaced) viewing glass and actually reach the back salsas.  You have to put your head under there or go around the side.  Stupid.Hate - it takes a long time to get your food even when they're not busy.  There's also a blond kid that works there who is a smug little (can't use the c-word here, sorry).  Seems to work at close which is when I would like to stop by, but I can't stand this guy.  Man he's such a C.
1	Place is closed, now a pizza joint
