4	This bare- bone market is a tiny slice of Eastern Europe in Phoenix.  Does your grocery list beg for an assortment of smoked fishes and/or canned pate (from turkey to pork)?  This is also where you can go when only Hungarian paprika will do.Also have fun selection of chocolate and candy.
5	i use to go to this place few years ago and then i forgot about it after moving to another city.i just saw it on YELP and i remember their amazing selection.I think it is time for some russian caviar.
2	I am a big time fan of the Russian honey cake and this place was a disappointment.  The cake had too much shortening added to it and the cake was really dry.  I will not buy honey cake from them again if they will cut out fresh quality ingredients to lower costs.
3	I recently went exploring this place and discovered some of the best potato salad (deli) that I've had in a very long time! Who knew Russian potato salad would rival our American classic?? Yasha rang up my order (yes, Yasha...the owner...from Russia...get it?) Very nice older dude. I got a little bit of a lot of things. Loved the lager. Loved the chocolate. The deli meats were good but if you're unsure about any, just ask for a sample. The cookies, also in deli case, were super slammin! Not a traditional cookie. These were rolled and filled w/ dried fruit or chocolate.  Yummmy!
3	Yasha is my hero.... Thank you Yasha, for importing all the foods i call "grandma foods." You can find more different kinds of Kasha here than imaginable. They have a huge assortment of dried and canned imported food. Yasha has a bakery area that has traditional Russian, Ukrainian and Polish breads. They carry wine, cooking oils, and even a section of middle eastern imports. My favorite sections of the store include the deli counter at the center of the store where you can find specialty baked goods, meats and sausages, salads, and other unique items. On my last trip there, I bought some Halvah, some beet and potato salad, and a piece of Russian candied fruit stollen that i rarely see in any market. My other favorite section is the freezer and refrigerated section. They keep frozen blini, blintzes of all kinds, imported cheeses, butter, cakes and dinner items. The star of the show is Yasha. He's quite a character. Don't be fooled.... there is PLENTY of parking in back.
4	Yasha's is a fun place to explore.  I was able to find some of the classic East European and Russian foods that I enjoyed throughout my life.  The smoke fish is quite a find including salmon, white fish and even sturgeon.  They do have salmon caviar, but only on occasion can you find Persian caviar from the Caspian Sea.They also have a bakery and meats worth noting.  The store also stocks some middle eastern cousine and holiday foods.Try some of the home made salads for a treat.
4	I came in to get a selection of smoked fish to serve as appetizers for a holiday gathering.  I was absolutely overwhelmed by everything this little store stocks.  Blini, cheeses, sausages.  Beets.  How could they avoid beets?  Chocolates.  And something i haven't had in years. Kasha.Rhymes with Yasha, who has a huge personality and runs this little empire.
4	I love love love this store!!! I go there whenever I feel kind of homesick (I grew up in Latvia) or when I want to get some Russian marinaded but not too salty pickles, just like my grandma used to make!Great selection of all kind of Russian and European beers! I always have something special to bring when I go to an American party ;)lots of Russian candy, sausages, pelmeni etc.the only reason I give 4 stars, because it's hit and miss, sometimes they don't have some things, or black bread is not very fresh...but what can one expect, it's highly specialized grocery store, it's not like tons of Russians live here and go there every day.Overall I highly recommend it to anybody, if you are not brave enough to try Russian food, at least you can try Russian beer or some Moldovian or Georgian wine ;)But semi-salted pickles are the best! mmmmmm I'm drooling just thinking about them :-p~
5	I went there few weeks ago, it wasn't bad at all. I like this little store, people are very friendly and helpful. They have all kinds of Russian food. I like their plemeni they're awesome. Love Russian beer too!!!If you haven't been in the Russian store,  you have to check it. :) Definitely going back there.
5	I've been looking for a good and authentic Russian grocery store in Phoenix, for awhile now and Yasha from Russia is the best. I found spicy carrot salad from the deli and it was very close to how my family makes it. They have an awesome selection of fresh kielbasa as well as many other ethnic foods, both fresh and frrozen. The store is very clean and I was pleasantly surprised by how much they have in stock. i will definitely go back to Yasha from Russia.
4	What a fun and interesting place! Feels like a little visit to Russia!  They have a great deli and a wide variety of wonderful and unusual bakery items, including some fine Belgian chocolate.
1	Yes Yasha does import great Russian food, however the horrible attitude you get from the owner makes you think twice about going to the store. If this was NY or LA he would be long out of business but due to the limited options in Phoenix he thinks he can get away with treating his long time customers like crap. Being Russian I have long come to understand the curt and non-friend behavior of other Russian's but Yasha is all together rude. He belittles and embarrasses his customers, and has his son participate in this behavior as well. If you want great Russian food with out all the b.s head down to the store on 12th street.
5	I love this place and always stop here when I'm in the area. The smoked fish, sausages, and fresh made breads here are really awesome! Try the small smoked sausages on the deli counter, they are really good. I also love the smoked sturgeon and the excellent selection of salami they have here. The Russian salami is very good, if you like salami you need to try it. If you like pickles try the pickled tomatoes they have here. They also have a nice selection of caviar.
3	This is place has various Russian and European products.  It is okay.  I still miss the Russian/Eastern European markets in Chicago that I would frequent prior to relocating to Arizona.
4	This place has such a nice selection of salami that I would go back just for that!  My husband enjoys the great prices on the variety of Eastern European beers they have.   Be sure to check out the various dumplings they have in the frozen section, we really enjoy these and they taste very fresh.
4	This is a nice little place.  Good variety of eastern european meats. My wife was searching for some items she would eat as a kid and Yashas actually carried the items.  They were open on memorial day which was nice.  we will be going back for sure. My wife was looking for Mici which isnt exactly carried at Safeway.  and they had it in the freezer along with a wide variety of meats.  the bakery items looked awesome. i will have to update my review when we  go back.
5	I came here during the end of July while visiting my brother. The cashier was super friendly.  He even let me practice my Russian on him. My family and I bought four different cheeses and with some sausage. The old Kiev one was delicious. I'll be back for Thanksgiving weekend!
2	Not nearly as good as Russian groceries in other cities.  Some bakery items are stale depending on turnover. Vegetables are hit or miss,  But some items worth the trip. Husband and wife owners could be friendlier. Speaking in Russian helps.
5	After reading an article in the paper about finding Russian food in Phoenix during the Olympics, I had to visit the place. It turned out to be an excellent decision. 2 of my friends and I made the drive after a round of Disc Golf. We were hoping for a place that might offer sandwiches like many deli, but this is basically a grocery store with a wonderful meat and bakery counter.      We grabbed some 9 and 12 percent Russian beer for $2.49 each. WOW!  Some Gaiser's Fine Mother Goose, Pork, Chicken Liver, Veal spread that is out of this world good. A variety of baked cookies that I didn't share. Landsjager that was good, but had bigger pieces of fat in it that I prefer. It was tasty. I had a hard time walking out without purchasing more items, but decided to come back again in the future and wanted a reason to make the drive north.     If you get the chance to go, you'll be very happy when you leave.     They could make a killing with a good sandwich maker there!
5	The best European market in town huge place they have everything from salami to drinks to plates . Great prices and affordable . I will be back to buy fish soon.
4	If you are from the FSU or FSU Jewish, this is the store for you and your staples.  Good selection of food from home for those yearning a taste
5	This is basically a large specialty market. It mainly carries Russian items but I also saw a lot of Moldavian, Armenian, Ukrainian, Polish, Romanian, Bulgarian, and Georgian items. This market has a hell of a lot to offer from boxes of chocolate to specialty beer to dried meats, a variety of cheeses, teas, coffees, honey, jam, cookies, liquors, you name it, I even saw toothpaste and medicine. I was glad to have found this place. I intend on trying the wide beer selection of dark malts as well as some of the ice cream and chocolates. In addition to carrying most everything, they have some traditional pieces in the back for your own home. Lovely store! I was even greeted in Russian right when I entered! Which reminds me of the wonderful service. I always had someone asking if I needed help looking for something or if I was doing okay. :)
4	I love this store! It's very small but they carry an eclectic selection and it's a bit of a time travel to walk in and find Russian wares from candy to beer to fish to canned goods. The employees are very nice.
5	* I decided to give 4 3/4 stars instead of 5, simply because I'm Polish, and would have liked a little more of a selection of Polish food items. Then again, I'm from Chicago, and spoiled as far as delis are concerned. However, onto the review!  We usually come here with our little boy, and before Mr Yasha died , he would ALWAYS give him a lollipop or a chocolate or something sweet. He was a very kind man, and no doubt, sorely missed.  Now, his son usually rings us up, and he's a cool guy as well. I must stress, that their assortment of meats, smoked fish, and deli items such as salads, is amazing, and always fresh! I have never encountered anything of sub par quality, freshness taste wise here. Sure, there might be a few "strange" items according to the typical American[who will never understand the eastern european obsession with herring], but to a Slav like me, it is heaven. Their herring salad[aka "Sledz pod pierzynka"-herring under a blanket], is JUST like my Grandma's.OMG so good. Their breads are the bomb too, as well as their delicately brine flavored, crisp, crunchy, garlicky, dilly new pickles fresh from the bucket. Now, my mouth is watering-I foresee a trip to Yasha's very soon!
4	This is a rather sizable store as ethnic specialty stores go; don't be deceived by how it looks from the storefront. There is a good selection of sausages and other cured meats, cheeses, refrigerated food items, beverages, dessert items, candies, and other grocery items too varied to mention here - look at the pictures I posted for a sampling of what the store has to offer. While most items here are Russian, there is also a lot of foods and beverages from other European countries such as Poland and the Baltic states. You can also come here for lunch from Monday to Friday  to try borscht, dumplings (pelmeni and vareneki), blintzes, and different kinds of sandwiches. I find the prices to be quite good, too, for the quality of the food and other merchandise they offer.
