4	There are many times that I can be accused of not getting all the hubbub.  This is one of those times.  The Bojangles Coliseum (formerly Cricket Arena, formerly Independence Arena, formerly the original Charlotte Coliseum and almost the Victory Junction something-or-other), on the way to the east side of Charlotte, is a classic.  An important designation when there are not too many of them left in the QC.When the Charlotte Checkers bolted for the shiny new uptown arena, the place was left without a major tenant, which is a bit of a shame, really, because the Checkers rarely draw more than a few thousand, and the building can hold upwards of ten thousand - plenty for hockey in Charlotte, as well as arena football, the rodeo, concerts or any number of offbeat events.Naturally you could also say that the Bobcats would not be as popular if they were not uptown - but reported attendance for the team is more than fifteen thousand.  I went to some of those games (okay, one) and there was nowhere near fifteen thousand people in that building.  Even counting season tickets would probably not get you close.  For this, we went four hundred million in debt?I get that people like the latest and greatest car, or to have a larger house than their neighbor, or a flat screen that you can see from space - but come on!  This building is perfectly serviceable, even fifty-five years after it was built.  The second Charlotte Coliseum was built, occupied and is now ground to dust.  The same can be said about CityFair and the original Convention Center.  Maybe we should learn to make use of these old ladies instead of just discarding - and eventually destroying - them.
2	I hadn't been in Cricket Arena - I mean Bojangles Coliseum  - since the old ECHL Checkers played their home games there.  I went to a graduation ceremony there tonight and remembered how much I disliked this building.  First, the traffic backs up dangerously from Independence onto 277 coming in from uptown.  Second, you have no option but to pay for parking, and sometimes will have to walk the equivalent of 4 or 5 uptown blocks from the car to the building.  I never pay to park uptown and never walk more than 3 blocks.  The light rail and number of routes in mean traffic is a lot less uptown too.It only gets worse inside the building.  The building can hold around 10,000 people, but it is cramped.  The concourses are narrow.  The restrooms are small and have odd cement overhangs above the urinals.  That's not good for someone who is 6'4".   There also isn't any warm water - just facets marked "c" for cold. The seats are wooden - yes wooden.  They are very small and very uncomfortable.  Metal folding chairs are better than these.  My back is always stiff when I leave.    There is more room between airline seats.  One of the only reasons I'm giving this venue two stars is that seats have a nice slope to them  This makes for a great view of hockey even if you're only a few rows up, but the seats are so uncomfortable, that two stars is all I can give.Little did we know that when the Checkers moved uptown it was part of a larger effort to attract an AHL team - and it worked.  The Checkers (a completely different team than the two teams that previously played in this building) now draw close to 13000 people several times a year, which is 3000 more than Bojangles can hold for hockey.  I'm so happy they moved uptown - it is so much more accessible and comfortable.  I was thinking about coming to a Carolina Speed indoor football game but I won't after being back in this building. I'd rather sit on my sofa and watch paint dry.
3	Old, worn down and unorganized, but good size venue.We got lucky here. We got seats though tickmaster and clicked best available which ended up giving us handicap accessible, cushioned seating in "The Circle". The majority of the seating was old, wooden fold down chairs that did not look comfortable at all. The "box" seating also had cushioned chairs, but that section was quite a bit more expensive and rather limited. The entire facility could use a face lift. Parking was also a bit of a mess and confusing. I'm glad we came in the winter. i imagine this venue gets pretty hot during the summer.The neighborhood the arena was in felt a little shady as well. Definitely stay in uptown if you can, which is only 10 minutes away and a straight shot from the venue. We used Priceline.com and got the Omni for $80 a night. Great hotel and location for that price.The only reason I'm giving it 3 stars instead of 2 is due to the venue size. It's smaller than many arenas, which gives you good views of the show and better acoustics. We will definitely try to hold out for shows in the newer, Time Warner arena in the future though.
5	i really dug this place.  one of the old time spots that still rocks.  reminded me of tha hampton coliseum.  they don't make em like this no more.  great acoustics for being built in '55, and very intimate.  made Tool sound even better.  if you can, grab a show at this spot.
2	Bojangles Coliseum has this retro feel that I normally love, but the venue falls short of my expectations.  I came here once to watch an ice show, which I was super pumped about.  Our seats were somewhere near the middle, which gave us a decent enough view of the ice.  However, this place is super cramped.  We barely had enough room on the row to get to our seats without tripping.  The worst part of it all was the hard, uncomfortable chairs.  They are the old wooden, narrow chairs with hard metal armrests.  I am a full-figured person, and it was quite uncomfortable to sit in these seats.  After I left, the sides of my hips ached badly from sitting there.  My friend who attended was average-sized, and even she complained that the seats were not comfortable and too tight, with her hips barely fitting in the seat.  The lady who sat next to me was quite disgruntled and ended up elbowing me a few times.  I like that they offer Bojangles food in the Coliseum, but it costs like three times as much as it does at the restaurant.  I'm not sure I would buy it for that price.If they manage to ever fix the seating situation, it might be a good place to catch a show.  After all, they do seem to have a decent amount of parking and a convenient location.  However, they need to work on making it more comfortable in there before I will think about going back again.
3	I can only hope that one day they will upgrade the sound system in this place especially if they're going to continue having concerts here.  I have attended several events here and the sound for concerts is almost unbearable.......loud and muffled and it's been that way for years.  The other events have pretty decent sound, no complaints, but it's something about those concerts that will prevent me from spending another $1 on that venue.
