4	The Tanning Room captures the basic needs of tanning: - Good beds: with the bulbs all in working operation, and three different levels including stand-ups- Clean beds:I don't wanna lay in your leftover butt sweat- Affordable: although I was a little disappointed missing the beginning-of-the-year special they ran- Decent hours: open till 8:45 most nights- Friendly: there are usually one of two girls working the counter - one always remembers me, the other I don't see as often so I don't hold it against her. Only downfalls - carpet is gross. In any entryway, especially in the winter where people trek their snowy/salty/mush shoes in and then straight back to the rooms ... it's an OCD thing. And, occasional-crowdiness around the holidays and Spring Break, but never more than a 5-7 minute wait. Now ... if someone could give me the benefits of a tanning bed without the risk of skin cancer, I'd resume my pre-adulthood frequency to enjoy a fake bake glow year round. Grr.
2	I have been to the Tanning room 3 times now and have had an extremely pleasant experience. The two younger ladies who are usually there are very helpful and somewhat friendly. Although there is an older gentleman who is not friendly in fact rude. The rates are above average but not by much maybe .50 to 1.00 more per session than the competition. Overall I will probably use the remainder of my sessions and move on.
1	I bought a package of several tans a year ago. This place is close to my work so I like to use it. I've been here for a spray tan too. The other day I called to see how many tans I had left and the gentleman on the phone said I lost my last tan because it had been a year. I told him I'm a regular customer and if he could please grant an exception and let me have it.. He pretended that the computer would simply not allow it. I thought that was bad customer service. He made a mistake because I will not come back for regular tans, spray tans, and I was even considering there nail services.
5	I only started tanning when I started dancing (this summer to be exact). I went there because it used to be a bar I always went to as a kid. I've tried a few other places this year but I've made tanning room my only place since then.What I like? You have options. I told the girl I've never tanned before and she explained to me the different levels of beds, and how to be safe, not only for my health, but my skin type. I use the level 3 bed at 15 minutes, but I'm Mediterranean, and don't burn easy. They've always been kind, thoughtful, and were sure to tell me how to work up to the level 3 bed. I've been going there for months, and none of the other places I've been (though I'm sure they exist) offer different levels, and times. Always an enjoyable experience
3	I bought a package of 5 tans. However I missed the fact that you have to use them in 30 days. I was told that they expired. I've been a customer here for over year, my original review was 11 months ago. However, the older gentleman that works there didn't seem to care, and I'm pretty sure I had 2-3 tans left. I told him I'd be going elsewhere for tanning. It's just bad customer service.
