5	With as many as four dogs in the last few years, we have definitely made use of the services of Matthews Animal Clinic.  They've always been very helpful - of course, they get paid for it, so you can't blame them - but they've always gone above and beyond to do the job, too.Most places will give you decent service, but the staff at the clinic always recognizes our pets by name after just visit or two, and when we recently had to put our oldest dog to sleep, several of the long-time employees, who had worked with him for years, recognized him and seemed to be genuinely sad.  They even made up a doggie-blizzard for him, with kibbles and ice cream.  It was pretty cool (no pun intended).I would suggest making an appointment rather than walking in if you can, because it will get you to the front of the line, where if you just walk in you get at the back of the line, but that's not always possible.
5	All you really need to know about Matthews Animal Clinic is the following: When my newly-rescued dog ate a DVD, thereby breaking it into a hundred super-pointy shards, only some of which were left on the floor, they gave me an immediate appointment and charged me much less than you would think for special tummy medicine and all-day observation.  He survived and is doing great (and hasn't chewed a thing since)!  Since then I have had no problem getting immediate appointments whenever I need to. It's kind of amazing. It's so easy to do business with them! Two paws up!
5	If you love your pet as much as I love mine you will take your pet to Matthews Animal Clinic. Everyone at this place is so nice and friendly. No one will believe me when I say this because most animals don't like going to the vet, but my dog actually LIKES going there. We have seen several of the vets and they have all been extremely knowledgeable and great with Hudson...and me! They are so good at explaining everything and answering questions. I have never once felt rushed or like I didn't understand something when I left.
5	I am grateful to Matthews Animal Clinic.  I have a rescue puppy that my neighbor was unable to keep.  I needed a fecal exam done to treat her for parasites.  The clinic in my area refused to even test her stool without performing an exam, which was $42.00.  I knew she had round worms and if that was all, I could RX it over the counter.  The fecal would have told if she had other parasites, and then an exam and Dr.'s RX would have been necessary.    Matthews Animal Clinic gladly tested her stool for me, and all she had were roundworms.  This saved me over $40.00 on a rescue pup.  With the economy the way it is, a lot of people can no longer rescue.  Things like this help so much with the finances and potentially help save more dogs and cats.  Thanks, Matthews Animal Clinic, for using common sense and not getting all hung up on "protocol."
5	Again, I must give this clinic an excellent rating!  They are especially good at working with people who do rescue.  This is the second time in 3 months that they went above and beyond to assist with a rescued dog.  In these bad economic times, every dollar saved can help save a dog or cat.   My neighbor rescued a dog 2 weeks ago and they gave him an exam and vaccinations.  He was having  a problem and they saw him again today-gave him an extensive exam, and did NOT charge a penny for this visit!  I've been dealing with dogs,cats and vets for 40 years, and I NEVER see that happen!  At  BEST, you would pay for a "limited" exam anywhere else!  Matthews Animal Clinic -keep up the good work!!
5	We have been going here since 2007. Whether we have an appointment or an un scheduled visit we always recieve great care for our dog and are never made to feel like any concern we have is too small. We have also used the boarding facilities on occasion and have had no problems. The doctors are caring and kind and to me that is all that matters for the dog I love so much.
4	I love this animal clinic! My fiance and I brought home our cat in April 2012. We took her there for the first time a few weeks after we got her. The vet assistants were very friendly, and so was the doctor. We came back this March to get her Rabies shot, and I did get a little upset I couldn't go back with her. I would understand if she was going in for surgery or something more serious, but the lady was not very nice and we (as pet parents) had our hearts broken when our cat just looked at me and meowed! Again, we came back this April for her yearly check up. Same staff, they were nice and the doctor was completely relaxed and he could relate very well. We will definitely be going back.
1	MEAN people.. Our dog is a customer, called at 11:00AM on a Saturday, with our dog howling so loud that you could hear him a block away.  We knew it was his time to put him down.  However, Matthews refused because they were closing at noon.  Can you believe that?  They said to take him to an emergency clinic and we told them we could not afford that.  We had already checked prices weeks before, because we knew it was getting close. We had already been sedating him and giving him pain meds. So,I called again at 11:30 to beg them to take him.  While I was on the phone they mistook me for another customer and said that it was okay, Dr. Pritchett would wait to see their dog, which they were putting down.  Now, that was biased! It was okay for them, but not for us.  Obviously, Dr. Pritchard was already waiting.. I think this was absolutely MEAN, not do take him in.  Where is the passion when you need it??
5	Let me start by saying that this is the best vet I've ever had. Everyone is so nice, helpful and considerate. I have two pitbulls. They both had surgeries within the last 3 months and they are both doing excellent. One of them has behavioral issues (fear of aggression) and taking him to the vet is one of my worse nightmares.  I was so nervous when I got there; I had to hold the tears. My loving dog just turns into something else when he is examined. Terrifying, scary, nerve racking are some of the ways I can describe previous experiences at different vets. Dr. Ann definitely calmed me down and assured me he was going to be ok.  She was patient with both of us and when I left I no longer felt anxious. I knew he was in good hands. Surgery was a total success and he got out of there calmed and relaxed. I can honestly say, they truly care about you and your pets here. To add to this great experience, my vet bill was less than I expected. What?! You know that never happens. They are amazing! I can't say enough good things about them. I don't live around there but I'm definitely driving to Matthews to see Dr. Ann Meadows. The doggies love her. I'm so grateful to her and all the staff. Thanks!
2	X
