5	Great food. Great down-home atmosphere and friendly staff. Breakfast is wonderful and the coffee is good. Waffle house is crowded yet Corner Cafe is better all the way around.
4	The Corner Cafe is the quintessential "meat & three" type restaurant. Situated in industrial Arrowood and a 1/2 mile from I-77 and I-485, The Corner is the perfect breakfast and lunch place for folks who work in the area and travelers passing through. The food is consistent and good. Their menu has daily specials and vegetables plates as well as Greek specialties. Faye greets you at the door and treats you like she really cares. Be sure to check out the collection of vinyl LP covers lining the wall!
4	Had a Breakfasts meeting last week & enjoyed a wonderful breakfast.  I imagine my cholesterol jumped, however it was delicious food.  Steak Omelet, I'm thinking imitation steak but no, also with 3 types of cheeses what could go wrong.  You would think that with that may types of cheeses it would be heavy but no just the right blend & amount cheese & steak.  Home Fries come with it and all I can say is I hope your hungry.  The portion is quite large.  I'm guessing about 1/3 of my plate was home fires.  Overall service was good and food good, price is average for a dinner type atmosphere.  Definitely will add them to my list of restaurants to revisit.
5	Amazing food! I ordered a grilled cheese on rye with eggs that were perfectly cooked. The staff is quick, friendly and will ensure you have a hearty and delicious meal. I would definitely come back if I lived in the area!
4	For a quick and cheap bite this place is amazing!When my friend pulled in here I was a little caught off guard, not really knowing what to expect. But once we walked inside; it  was pretty cool there, I really liked how there were records lining the walls and random "home" touches lined against that some classic yellow flower wallpaper.  It's seat yourself, but in no time the waitress brings the menus and gets your drinks. The menu is simple but the prices are amazing!!! You can tell this place is a favorite of the locals. There were several customers that came in after us, that our waitress already knew their name and drink order before they even sat down. Now, that's great customer service with a down home southern feel!I went with the breakfast special, two eggs, your choice of meat (ham, bacon, turkey sausage, sausage) and side (grits or home fries) with your choice of a biscuit or toast.  And did I mention that all of that is less than $4!!!The portion sizes here are excellent, I was more than pleased when it came out, I chose my eggs scrambled, with home fries, toast and bacon. There were plenty of home fries which tasted great, huge chucks of potatoes with just the right amount of seasoning. My eggs were scrambled hard, just as I requested and the bacon was crispy. Delish! I enjoyed everything on my plate, but definitely left some behind. I really enjoyed my meal, strongly recommend you stopping by for a bite! I know I will definitely be back!
