5	This is a new location for Zia's on South Mill and Southern in Tempe AZ. The store is about 10,000 Square feet. There is a vast amount of music all used and new mixed. I found a few treasures that I was looking for and some surprises as well. I spent about 80 dollars and came out with a large amount of stuff. The sales staff there is very nice and always willing to help. Very upbeat atmosphere. The cashier that checked me out was really cool, and treated me like I was an old friend. It's closer to home and I will be returning on a regular basis.
1	Boooo!!!  Shop around on CD trade-ins.  I was just offered only $31 on over 300 CD's. Same lot, Bookman's just gave me $80 in credit for 40 CD's.  F.Y.E. also offer a better offer, $0.75-$1.00 per CD vs. Zia offer of $0.10 a CD.
5	Zia has been and always will be my go-to place for movies, weird knickknacks and music. The new location is a complete upgrade as it's located where the old Pets Inc. was at back in the day. It's spacious, clean and easy to lose track of time in. I'm glad to see the shopping center is looking more lively due to the addition of this local gem. The staff was really cool and friendly, as they always are - and there were less creepers in the store due to the better location. Thumbs up!
5	Wow, came in to check the new location out and it didn't disappoint! The hubby is always looking for hard to find records and books and he almost always finds em here! This location was very organized, staff seemed on top of putting everything back to where it belonged and they were very helpful and knowledgable as well! we liked how the sections were nice separated and not bunched together like it was at the other location in Tempe. Love the knick knacks they sold at the ends of the book shelves and love how they have a kid section for kid books. Will definitely be coming back!
5	Immaculate service. I had a somewhat oddball cd request that, while they had in stock, was not in it's proper place. The guy helping me searched high and low, was really friendly and outgoing, and even enlisted the help of other employees. He made it feel like I was the only employee in the store, and like finding this cd was his life goal, it was wonderful. After, sadly, not being able to locate it he made some calls and arranged to have his friend stop by the Chandler location and bring their copy of the cd over to this store. Dang. Color me impressed.
5	Wow. Zia Record Exchange really has their heart in Customer Service.I was looking for a Blu-Ray of the final season of Dexter for Dude's Christmas gift.The location in Chandler was completely out, and an employee there told me to hit up the Mill store. I called before heading out to Tempe, and turns out they did indeed have a copy. The gal was nice enough to offer to put it on hold for me as it was the last one. As a couple, we don't go over-the-top with junk (oh yeah, I went there) no one truly needs . . . Think gift limits, experiences over buying crap, etc. etc.So that smile on his face was priceless. Thanks for making it a great Christmas at our house, Zia!
5	I haven't actually been in this Zia-- but I called to see if they had a used copy of the Star Wars saga. They didn't, but Patrick went above and beyond the call of duty to help me get my hands on those movies. The customer service over the phone is enough to make me want to take my ENTIRE tax return over to this location.
4	Went in for record store day. Lots of people, lots of merchandise to look at. Big store! Would highly recommend for anyone interested in records/music in general. Fair prices too, some cheaper than walmart! Lost a star for smell of the place.
5	Great deals on all CDs DVDs.  Look here first before shopping anywhere else. Collectables.
4	As a used record store, this place is one of my favorites.Unlike the Camelback Zia, this location actually prices records to move, not sit for months. Sure, they have a few headscratchers but for the most part they price nice clean common stuff $3 to $5 bucks. The best part about this location is they have $1 and $2 bins full of records that they refresh frequently. There are two important things a successful record store should do: 1. Add fresh stock consistently, and 2. Price records to sell, not sit. This spot does an excellent job. They even have 25 cent records which can be fun to look through from time to time. Kudos Tempe Zia, your used record philosophy and super friendly staff will keep me returning.
5	This is the closest location to my house, otherwise I might frequent the Thunderbird location more. Something about the seedy characters, and jumbled organization that adds to the record store experience. I don't know. The Mill location is a very clean, well organized store, with very friendly customer service. If they don't have something in stock, they will call around to other locations to locate it for you. As usual, they have bins and bins of books on sale. 5 books for $2?? Yes please!  DVDs priced similarly too. Now you may be thinking, aw big deal, a bunch of generic movies and books that have been sitting there for a year that no one wants. Well, you are good to be skeptical kemo sabe. I actually had to come to Zia's on a daily basis recently and I found that they refresh their selection quite often, and you can actually find many recognizable movies and books. Also, they have a pretty good selection of Criterion Collection movies (however, not on sale but you can use the 20% coupon you get by signing up on their website). Also, a great place to come for those last minute, "aw what the hell do I buy for so and so's birthday??!" You can find books, movies, and music for one, but also pop culture items, and those oh so important toupee headphones. You can also get custom screened t-shirts printed here that I don't believe I have seen at any other Zia's.
4	There's something soothing to me about stepping into a place like Zia. You step through the doors and instantly you are taken away to a place where people have dumped off music that isn't their taste anymore which is just fine because that is exactly where your music tastes are now. It's like an older brother or sister is passing along their old tastes to you except Zia is the middle man. I could look through used music for hours on end but luckily this location is so well organized you don't need to. The staff is fantastic. I love to be greeted right away and they never disappoint at this location. I do wish their merchandise got changed over more frequently though. I feel like every time I go there the middle tables have all the same stuff on them. Overall Zia is a great place to pick up a CD that will fit the mood you are in right now. "And if you ever get lonely, just go to the record store and visit your friends."
4	If you're looking for a CD or  DVD that's hard to find and you want it now...Zia is your spot in PHX area. I've met a lot of cool employees and sometimes we exchange films/music to watch/listen to, it's really nerdy but in an awesome way. They've always got semi-decent to really good music playing and a huge selection of cult films, foreign films and used DVD's at a very reasonable price. Overall it is a great little spot, used to be even smaller and I'll admit that I liked it that way a little more. However, it's still a lot better than most places. WARNING: Don't pay attention to the "one" guy or girl hat works there (Because there's always one) and pretends to know what  they're talking about. I'm not sure how you got hired, but stop telling people that The Warrior or lawless are the best films you've ever seen. I mean really,..how many cliche's can you fit into 2 predictable films??  ....ok,..Now  that's out of my system.
5	Love this place!!!! Friendly staff and always willing to help.... cheap stuff and well taken care of,  looks like new.... I highly recommend this place :)
