5	We were very impressed with this new place. The food was very, very good and the prices were just as good. Gotta go back. I want to try everything on the menu that I can. I had their meatloaf and I have to say that there isn't many places that I have enjoyed their meatloaf but this one was as good as I have had. The wife had their fried chicken tenders and I got to sample them as well. WOW! I cannot say enough about the flavors of the seasoning and the only drawback is the fact that they do not yet offer fried chicken on the menu. They will they assured me as I am going to hold them to it and they better bread that chicken the same way they do the tenders because they were out of this world. I saw a gentleman sitting net to us in a booth that had a cheeseburger that looked very appealing and overheard just how pleased he was with it and how the flavor was so good. I might have to attack one or two of those my next visit which I hope is very soon.
4	A good ol', down-home cafe, although I've only been for breakfast.  Great service, good food.  I especially like the pancakes.  Great prices, too.  Save yourself the trouble of waiting in line at IHOP when you can enjoy a local spot.  I do find the name odd for this place.  It made me wonder if it was Asian food or some chic kinda name that I'm too outta touch to understand, but don't let that scare you off.  Would I go back?... Already have.
4	Had a chance to try this place out the other day for lunch. What a find!! I liked it! It's tucked away in a tiny strip mall in Stallings. They had all kinds of home cooked meals on the menu. I got the Phat Daddy burger (recommended by the server). Double patty w/ cheese, lettuce & tomato & a side of onion rings. Fresh and filling. One particular thing I liked about the assembly of the burger; the lettuce & tomato were fresh & cold while the patties were steaming hot (nothing worse than limp lettuce). The onion rings were pretty good but I've had better. The batter was a little thick. My wife got the BLT which she really enjoyed. They offer plenty of sides to choose from too. This place is also very affordable. Two for lunch, under $15 bucks. Not too shabby. Yes, I'll be back.
5	Finally, a great place to eat, that's inexpensive, has great home cooking and something for everyone.  I knew these folks when they worked at Cafe 6100 in the Southpark area, and now they own their own place.  The Phat Daddy burger is huge, flavorful and puts Five Guys to shame.  The pork chops are a specialty, along with the best mac 'n cheese in town.  The cobbler is to die for, and as we've found by visiting on different days, changes daily.  Bottom line is that it's not crowded (at least not yet) and the food is fresh and yummy.  The staff is friendly too!!.  It's hidden away in a small strip center, so it's easy to miss, so slow down when you are near Stallings and Old Monroe Road, or you'll miss it, and some great food too.  Two thumbs, way up!  Kids eat free on Mondays and Wednesdays with adult purchase of $5.00 up.  Tell them Rob sent ya!!
4	Good service, food , variety & prices. Do not miss this place
5	We eat lunch here frequently!! The food is always great!!  The prices are hard to beat too!  From the home cooked specials to the burgers and hotdogs!! I would take the time to eat here for sure!!  It is now one of our staple restaurants!!
5	I get out to this part of the city from time to time, due to work.  I am always looking for good eats as I negotiate my day.  I had heard of this family style restaurant from a friend.  I love it.  Real cooking by real people.  Apparently the owners worked at another establishment Charlotte restaurant for over 10 years before taking the plunge and opening Phat Daddy's Cafe a little over six months ago.  This is just the sort of value I look for in a lunch restaurant.   I shall report back when I attempt the Dinner fare...Support your local small business!!
5	Can you excellent customer service . I am new to the area and was dying for something other than fast food burger. So I looked on yelp and found this diamond in the rough . The cashier was super nice and respectful to every customer, I didn't know what to order so I got the buffalo wing dinner with Mac and cheese and green beans cornbread. The cornbread wasn't my favorite but the Mac tasted great and the wings were perfect . I also order a cheeseburger meal which taste great, the portion were well worth the money, will go back again soon . Great prices
5	Very reasonably priced. Warm and friendly service. Topped the evening pork chop meal with delicious apple cobbler and ice cream.
3	We were looking for a new place for breakfast and stopped in here. We had been once before for lunch and enjoyed it. The breakfast menu was good. I ordered the western omelette with grits and a biscuit. The omelette was good but the fresh, fluffy warm biscuit was amazing and that's coming from someone who doesn't like biscuits. The staff is very friendly and welcoming. The decor is a little run down and dark. Overall, an ok experience.
3	Very friendly , laid back atmosphere.  The building shows wear and tear but overall very clean. Food is simply described on the menu and they have plenty of sides to choose from!!! I ordered my NY steak sandwich medium rare, but unfortunately it was very well done. Service was nice and you can tell the teamwork makes it all happen. All in all , I would come back for the service , but the food needs a little work.
4	We found this place based on its good Yelp reviews, and were not disappointed. It's clean and pleasant inside and out, and features down-home cooking at great prices. The service has been exemplary each time (we've been there 3 times now, and had the same super-nice and attentive waiter every time.) It's also very kid-friendly, which is good for families, and kids eat free on Mondays and Wednesday lunch and dinner.The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is that the food is a *touch* on the greasy side, so I always seem to find myself feeling it later. Obviously that doesn't bother me too much, though, given that I've been there 3 times in about 3 weeks... but I would just give fair warning that this isn't health food.
2	Let's see,.... Mediocre food and horrible service.I have been a patron at this restaurant since it opened as it is 1 block from my job. I've eaten mostly off of their lunch menu which has included, grilled chicken pitas, various salads including egg salad and burgers. Their food is flavorless but I've consistently ordered from there in a pinch since it's so close to work. However, due to the complete rudeness of the staff I will no longer be dining from Phat Daddys. Upon this last encounter, I was treated like the biggest inconvenience when I arrived to pick up my order (this has been a common complaint among my coworkers but I've never directly experienced it). I was ready with card in hand to pay as I am aware that noon is an  exceptionally busy time for any restaurant. Not only did I get an eye roll from the waitress but a snotty reply to the most basic of responses. This was the last straw. If the food was better then I might tolerate it but, honestly, there aren't any redeeming qualities for me except for the location.    It also didn't help that the Pita I ordered was stale and the Chef Salad had an off taste to it.      I guess The Friendly Moose down the street will receive our business from now on.
4	First off, walking in from outside, Phat Daddy's doesn't look like much, but when you come inside, the ambiance is pretty nice. Your greeted by a friendly older hostess and your told you can sit anywhere.The look is pretty cool, it's a diner, within a restaurant. There was tables and booths, we got a booth and our server "Sincer" was attentive. Food was good, and I liked that you can mix and match and there is a lot of options. Great pricing too. One thing is that it's a little too greasy for my taste.
