5	Personally, I don't really care too much about vegetarian food. Seafood, on the other hand, is a different story - not only is it up there among my absolute favourites, I'm also very high maintenance when it comes to getting it right. And I love Seadogs.My friend told me about it, so I convinced him he wanted to take me there for lunch. It was a great idea he had. The ethos is fairly simple.. the dishes on the menu are either competely veggie (such as the broccoli,cauliflower and mustard crumble), or are seafood-based (like the smoked coley kedgeree). They're made with ingredients that are a) seasonal and b) local, and so you can't really go wrong in my book. Foodies who are into their fancy cuisine will be suitable impressed, and people who just want a good, well-made fish and chips will also be happy.My one piece of advice... if you know you've got a sweet tooth but not a huge appetite, don't fill up on your main course like I did. I had to sit and watch my friend eat his deep-fried chocolate cake served with home-made ice cream across the table. Looking very smug, and only giving me a tiny piece. Next time, I'm having my sweet before my savoury.
5	I always fancied living in the days of lime disease and scurvy, so have a natural affinity to life on the ocean wave and seafood in particular. Seadogs is a modest, fuss-free heaven for those that love trawling the depths of the ocan for their grub, and it's fantastic.Seadogs errs more towards the side of fancy fish and chips than oysters and langoustines, and does this exceptionally well. There's some fancier options as well, but I can really have no complaints about my battered cod and chips. Fish and chips is a dish usually served sweating in brown paper by a filthy old guy with a fag in his mouth, so it's great when one comes across it done expertly with love and attention.Excellent lunchtime deals complete the package. Well worth a visit.
4	I'm a fan of the simple, unpretentious feel going on at The Dogs, so I guess it follows that I would be partial to a bit of Seadogs, which has the same owner. Some of the furnishings are Dogs similar, like the pictures of different pooches and the dog statue ornament item at the front door that startled my mother because she thought it was real, but anyway. Seadogs has that nice clean, straight to the point look, and those adjectives apply to the speedy service and the seafood dishes, served straight up with a twist.This is a pretty snazzy little place to eat considering how reasonable the prices are. With food coming in at four pounds something on the lunch menu, you'd expect portions to be mini, but I actually found them to be fairly generous. I ate like a greedy king (queen doesn't work as well), chomping on warm bread and butter while sipping very reasonably priced prosecco, followed by some coronation mussels and an amazing portion of fish and chips. I did share some of this, I might add. The range of fish and chips options here are really awesome, with trout, hake, coley and whitebait all candidates to be wrapped in beer batter or oatmeal. The focus really is entirely seafood with a hint of vegetarian, so don't come here expecting other meat options, but do come here if you like really good food of the fishy variety, served in a relaxed atmosphere.
4	I never used to be a fan of seafood, so it's bizarre that I've developed such a penchant for it in my young adulthood. Can't get enough of the salty, sea fresh flavours nowadays!So my new found passion for all our little fishy friends has led me to develop quite a good talent of sniffing out (or tasting as the case may be) the best seafood restaurants. Seadogs in Edinburgh is definitely up there on my list.It is yet another resaurant on Rose Street which has only recently appeared, but gone down a storm with locals and tourists alike. Serving up only vegetarian and seafood options, it has a specialised but interesting menu which includes Scottish favourite cullen skink, and trout to name but a few. It also has the rather exciting whitebait on the menu, which I have only previously tried in Greek restaurants but can report Seadogs do it deliciously!I can't quite get some of my loved ones to appreciate seafood - think they're a bit scared. But for both the fanatic and the beginner, I would highly recommend Seadogs. I'd be happy to have them aboard my good ship and most definitely wouldn't make them walk the plank. I've still not tried cullen skink, and judging on how tasty this refreshing restaurant is it might be a good plaice (haw haw) to start!
4	I was really surprised one fine afternoon to find that my beloved Groggs was now a seafood restaurant called 'seadogs' and looked surprisingly chic! What happened Groggs?!Nostalgia aside, I was intrigued by this place because it looked to nice. The creamy exterior and subtle signs made me want to find out more. the menu looked good, so in I went!You won't be disappointed with Seadogs. It's as good a fish restaurant as you'll get! Ok, there is an absolutely brilliant fish restaurant further down Rose Street, but Seadogs beats it on price for sure.What I really liked to see is that they have incorporated the fishing quota pandemics into their service. I grew up in a fishing town, so am well aware how important it is not to over-fish etc etc, so it was good to see their caring side.Overall, a lovely place to come to, it's hip-hop-and-happening (as my dad would say)
5	I'm growing to love this place more and more, as on my most recent visit I decided to finally eat the mushy peas. For years the similarity in appearance they have to the contents of your hankie during a bad cold have put me off, but I've just found out what I'd been missing on all these years.E-Bot's plaice supper was perfectly good, but my smoked hake maybe stole it's thunder a bit by being both tremendous and a slightly unusual taste for fish and chips. I thinks she liked it a swell as she kept sneaking bits fro my plate as soon as my greedy face was turned.It was different staff this time, including quite a cool old punky guy, and a somewhat miserable cow who walked away from us halfway through processing our bill. One out of two isn't bad I suppose.
5	Just have to write a wee update for Seadogs, as I was here a couple of nights ago and it was even better than my first visit! The last time I was here I opted for the hake fish supper but this time I decided to go for the plaice and to me, it tasted better. Don't get me wrong, the hake was delicious, but to plaice just pipped it to the post. It was literally melt in mouth with the tastiest, crisp batter I've had. The chips were also to die for and much crispier than on my last visit. I had to fight G-Bot over my mushy peas because he opted for the gorgeous delicious fish pie that came ohne mushy peas. I wasn't too keen on the tartar sauce the first time round, it was a bit too aromatic for my liking but the other night I lapped it right up, it was either made better or perhaps it's just grown on me.To finish, I opted for the rice pudding with orange in it and it had a gorgeous cinnamon taste through it, yummy!I love the fact that you get a jug of table water, I don't understand why more places don't do this. I think the UK is the only country where you don't get table water with your meal.The girl who served us was really friendly and chatty and even complimented my alien balloon animal who I had propped up on a chair beside me. I'm sad, I know.So yeah... there's no doubt in my mind that Seadogs has to be rewarded the full five stars. AMAZING!
3	Seadogs - lovely decor, food is pretty good. Took quite some time for our order to be taken, despite being informed that we would have to leave our table promptly... to be honest, service was pretty underwhelming and rather abrupt for my tastes. I don't want you to be hugging my ankles as I leave but at least fake it that you want me to be there to spend my money? I had the cajun spiced mahi mahi with chickpea salad... I was expecting something a little more fresh. The fish was a little dry but I had put it down to the dry spice mix rubbed into it. The salad was a bit gloopier with mayonaise that I wasn't expecting. My date had the mussels with bacon - a hefty portion that went down well. We also opted for some champ on the side - underspiced but pretty good otherwise. Overall, it was alright - in all honesty, I was sick the next day, so I don't think the mahi mahi was all that good in the end, so I don't think I will be back again for a second visit. It is very pretty to look at, but under the surface, there wasn't enough there to grab me.
4	Had the Fish and Chip for lunch.  Tartare sauce was great as it's subtle and complemented the mild hake.  And I like the smoky flavor of the hake.   Price is right for lunch.
5	Excellent! I've been here a number of times since starting school in September, and each time has been exceptional. Seasonal menu, with always the freshest fish and unique, interesting creations. The mussels are to die for! A must-have here. Friendly staff. Great food. Great (cheap) prices, especially for the quality and type of food! Oh, and it tends to get crowded on weekends (rightly so), so be sure to make a reservation!
4	If you need a break from the usual routine of pub lunches on a Saturday I'd recommend you try this place.  Price-wise its pretty reasonable though be advised, if you're expecting a typical 14 inch long pile of batter-covered white fluff and chips you'll be disappointed. Food is simple but flavoursome, and isn't going to bloat you out for the rest of the day due to well managed portion sizes.The wine is reasonably priced and staff have always seemed cheery and attentive.  Looks like this place is here to stay, a great addition to Rose Street.
4	"What's in your seafood stew?" "I have no idea. Anything and everything you could want." And this was by the owner of The Dogs / Amore Dogs / Seadogs restaurants. Yet it was said with such quirky, honest punchiness that it only intrigued me further as to actually ordering the seafood stew.The Dogs restaurants all have the same vibe, and menu style. More affordable cuts of meats and ingredients are used so that the prices are kept down on the menu. The food has a slap-dash feel to it, but I meant that in a good way. Like 'these three ingredients go really well together, in a salad - pow there's your dinner!' Rather than being pretentious and picky and calling things joux. It's honest grub. More upmarket than the fish and chip bar but less pompy than the michelin star restaurants...Anyway. I came here with some friends who were visiting town, one of whom doesn't actually like fish. Luck would have it there was skirt steak on the menu. I noticed they actually have a sign in the window saying "now with more meat!" so I think even if any of your party don't like fish there'll be something to satisfy them. The steak, by the way, was really quite delicious and the chips lovely and crisp. I kind of wish I'd ordered it.But my fish stew was just what I wanted. I can't do shellfish so it came without, but there were big chunks of white fish (I think white bait?) and little sardines and all sorts of fish swimming (haha) in a rich tomato stew sauce with some veg. A really hearty portion, that filled me up good and proper. Nothing fishy about that.The dessert was really quite lovely too. Again, with the 'homely' non-pretentious feel I found it ironic that we had to ask what "burnt cream" was to be told it was like "creme brulee". So used are we to pomp! Anyway, the orange burnt cream with proper slices of orange on top was mmm. It wasn't even me that ordered it but give me a spare spoon and you don't want me within 100 yards of you and your dessert.So as far as meals out go, this was quite delectable. It isn't fine dining, but nor is it poor quality. It's like good, home-made fare at reasonable prices but very well done. I prefer the ambience in here to Amore Dogs (still have yet to dine in The Dogs). There's lower lighting, lower ceilings and it feels a bit more intimate. Oh, and the journey to the bathrooms is almost like stepping into the wardrobe in Narnia. Felt like a journey to centre of the earth but was a talking point of our meal for quite some time!As I said, it was the owner of The Dogs who was serving us I think (I recognised him from an interview). Quite the character, he wasn't patronising or overly friendly, but he was highly efficient running a tight ship and getting very much involved with our table, our order and our meal. Kudos.If I'm in town and need me some fish I wouldn't hesitate to go back to Seadogs.
3	I had heard a lot about Seadogs (positive things that is) so it seemed like the perfect spot to take the fam when fish and chips were demanded. We were sort of waved to the direction of a table by a member of staff (I couldn't figure out what his role was) and then when we wanted to order (about 10 minutes later) we were told to wait for the waiter (not him apparently).The waiter was super friendly but I think a bit overwhelmed as he seemed to be the only one serving all the tables. We gave our order and waited. And waited. And waited. About 30-40 minutes later our food arrived by which time we were starving and so it all disappeared with a matter of minutes. I had the oatmeal batter haddock but I must say the beer batter was a lot tastier. Don't get me wrong I actually liked sea dogs and the food. The waiter was very friendly and tried his best, and hopefully next time we won't have to wait as long!
4	Another one of my favourite spots in Edinburgh.I love how the dishes are reasonably priced, the menu being traditional but with a modern twist, friendly service, and the crazy dog theme!So far tried The Dogs and Seadogs... Amore Dogs next i guess!Next will be going for their fish n' chips... I like how they got a good selection of fish plus different coating you can have on them.
4	If you love seafood and don't want to spend a fortune on it, this is the place to go. It is one of the Dog restaurants in Edinburgh. I would also recommend you try the others, each has a different cuisine, but all of them have great food at good prices.
4	Really enjoyed it here, haddock and chips with mushy peas with a glass of white on the side. Bliss
4	I really enjoyed my trip to Seadogs, the seafood outlet from The Dogs kennel. They served me two lovely dishes, both featuring excellent smoky fish.Overall, we said: "I was every bit as impressed by Seadogs as I had been with Amore Dogs. They serve really well-executed dishes, in smart settings, with relaxed, helpful, cheery service. As I'd said with Amore Dogs, this is just the kind of place that I'd bring friends and family visiting from out of town, as it's a sure-fire crowd pleaser. I look forward to visiting again, soon."
5	I am giving this spot 5 stars, not because the food was that spectacular (though really good), but because this place has a VERY hard to accomplish balance of cool, down-to-earth, and good, yet inexpensive, seafood. We had the barley paella, a goats cheese/beet/hot smoked salmon salad, a small portion of fish and chips, and cranberry cheesecake. The highlights for me, definitely, were the salad and the cheesecake. I devoured the salad, which was tangy, fresh, and homestyle in a really good way. The cheesecake, however was DIVINE. Like, something to dream about. And I am not a huge cheesecake fan. It was smooth and creamy like marscapone cheese, with a most delicious and buttery graham crust. The cranberry compote on top was really fresh tasting and not overly sweet.This dessert is a REAL winner. I'd definitely recommend this spot to anyone visiting Edinburgh. Plus, our waiter looked like a swarthy fisherman, which always helps.
3	After two AHHHHMAZING dinner experiences at The Dogs, I figured I would have to try Seadogs.  I decided to go for lunch.  I wasn't sure if it was actually open and the ladies that were looking at the menu were questioning whether it was open as well because there was no one in there.  I just caught a glimpse of someone at the very back, so decided to walk in.  Everyone was being seated at the back, so it looked like the restaurant was completely empty...  I did like the interior though, same mismatched chairs and tables, minimalist decor, and of course the pictures of dogs.  Even at the back of the restaurant their are windows, they only go out to an alley, but it is nice anyway.I asked a couple of questions, in particular about the fish in oats option for the fish and chips and the waiter was helpful.  I decided to give it a go.  That being said, the lunch menu is a bit on the underwhelming side.  The food did come rather quickly... instantly loved the chips.  I like my crispy on the outside, soft on the inside and these were just that.  I've never been a fan of mushy peas and theirs is not going to convince me otherwise.  Now... the fish.  I had the haddock in oats.  The haddock was fine, but the oats, well the coating was soggy and bland.  After seeing the beer battered fish and chips go by my table, I had wished that I had ordered the beer battered version.I decided to give dessert a go... glad I did!  I ordered the Orange Chocolate Bread and Butter Pudding.  I actually don't like orange and chocolate, but I had different version of Bread and Butter Pudding at The Dogs and enjoyed it so much that I figured, this would probably be on that level.  Out it came in a little dish.  A square of bread pudding with a creamy chocolate sauce covering it.  The orange flavour was strong in some parts, but I did not mind it because the Bread and Butter Pudding was heavenly.I am not sure that I would go back to Seadogs for lunch, I might try it for dinner, but out of the three, The Dogs is still my favourite.
