4	This Holland and Barratt is always busy, every single time I've been in I've had to wait in a reasonable queue behind other health freaks. Holland and Barratt is a monthly stop for me top stock up on Manuka Honey as they have the best selection I've ever scene, plus, they often have special offers on too and I once bagged myself a half price honey pot.In addition to savings on honey they pretty much always have special offers on something and the sale items are usually displayed on the shelves as soon as you walk in the shop. They usually have half price or better on various popular vitamins to ensure customers get a bargain health fix.
4	I really like the idea of Holland and Barrett, and onc every few months I visit with the best intentions. I'll spend a good while browsing, then I'll leave with a bag of pumpkinseeds, vitamins, dried mango, and most of my dole cheque spent.The main problem with this is quite simple. Donner kebabs taste better, and so I'll usually pick up a couple on the way home.
4	It's the last day of January, and so far my New Year's Resolutions have not been going to plan, despite my best intentions. So, after tearing a tendon and over-doing the whisky (not at the same time), I limped in here and feebly asked them to make me better.The girl behind the counter was really friendly and helpful, and did seem to know what she was talking about. I asked for something for joints and tendons, and was explained the difference between cartilidge and tendons and all the other things I can't remember, and was recommended one very specific product (everything else was for damaged muscle). Had I not spoken to the shop assistant, I probably would have bought the wrong thing.I'm also a bit of a self-improver, and am forever thinking of new ways to, well, improve. So H&B is a bit of a treat for me. They have more natural ways of improving your hair, nails, digestion, skin, energy, smile, and probably your personality, as well as a range of healthy snacks, food, grains, nuts, and beauty products.They are a bigger chain, and there prices aren't super cheap. But this store is convenient, and the staff are really friendly. I'd highly recommend.
