1	Our order took ages to arrive - the delivery guy couldn't find us and went back to the shop (twice) before they got around to calling us. The food was pretty disgusting when we finally got it, and it's none too cheap, either. We haven't been back. I had to add one star to post this review but I wouldn't give it any at all.
2	I did not have a good experience at the Ricebox. I came here after a Hibs game with a friend and got a meal to take away. The price was about standard, but the quality of the food was lacking. The shop was full with supporters looking for a post-match bite to eat, so I would like to give it another chance on a non-match day when the workers have more time on the hands.I ordered the sweet and sour pork with rice and found that the flavours were really bland and the meal was generally very greasyOn the positive you do get a cool fortune cookie with every meal! Furthermore, the decor of the restaurant is very good and looks modern.
2	Last night I was feeling lazy so my boyfriend and I decided to order from Rice Box - we'd heard good things from a friend and who can resist a cheeky Chinese carryout?  Now I wish I'd just cooked instead as the food was really disappointing.  Boyfriend thought his chicken satay and noodles were fine, but I barely touched my 'deep-fried shredded beef with chilli' and fried rice.  Shredded beef is one of those standard Chinese takeaway dishes, you'd have thought it'd be hard to do wrong but it turns out it is. The beef itself was chewy, and rather than being nice and crispy the batter was soggy - the chilli sauce itself is marketed as 'spicy' but isn't remotely. The fried rice wasn't great either - not awful, I ate most of it, but the rice itself was slightly undercooked. As a side note too, whilst I appreciate that they offer online ordering through their website, I didn't find it to be hugely user-friendly and signing up to a website such as Just Eat would probably be a better idea. Safe to say we won't be ordering from here again!
1	The worst take away I've had in years...I ordered chicken noodle soup that literally had no chicken in it, (seriously, not one tiny bit) no spring onion or any other garnish. It was literally a bowl of weak stock and noodles. I also ordered ribs that had no meat on them and what meat there was was dry and hard. When I called to complain (it has to be really bad for me to do this) the attitude was defensive and unapologetic. Just avoid; If a place tries hard and its just not good enough then fair enough but the corners cut by these guys and their general disregard for customer satisfaction makes it feel like you've been robbed.
