5	I probably skipped half the way back up Advocate's Close after a beautifully booze-infused evening at the newest bar to open in Old Town. The venue isn't something that can be ignored in itself. I'd heard of Advocate's Close, but last night realised I had never walked up nor down it, as a short cut from the Royal Mile to the bottom of Cockburn Street. And walking up the steps, with no other open doors around, I did begin to wonder...Until I turned a corner, heard the mixed music and steady buzz and chatter of chatty, merry folks, and saw the massive window that let's you see exactly what you're stepping into before you open the front door.Industrial, bare decor keeping as many elements of the Old Town building as works with that shiny new bar feeling. Chains hang from the ceiling, exposed brick, dark lighting, and a bar on the back wall that is stocked to the rafters (quite literally). Contrasted with warm wood (unvarnished, and, well, warm) cosy booths (1 four seater, 2 two seaters) and a very sexy smoothed down bar top. It might look dereleicte-chic, but a lot of attention has gone into the details. Even the ladies bathrooms were beautifully put together (it's never nice to go from a beautiful bar to dingy powder rooms now, is it?)Downstairs booths and standing bar area, upstairs mezzenine with seats and tables, and an outdoor terrace area that will become covered and heated. They'll be serving breakfast from 7am every morning, and from what I tried the food is very similar to the Bon Vivant (and that is a very good thing). Haggis and black pudding bon bons for a start. I am impressed, to say the least, at the ambition. And here I am waxing lyrical about the interior without mention of the drinks. Oh the drinks! A small selection was on offer, but this took me back to the drinks served at the now-closed Raconteur. Short servings in beautiful old-fashioned sherry glasses, filled with dense, sweet, heady mixings. The Rob Roy was an especial favourite. These aren't cocktails you chug through a straw, all sugary and sweet. In fact, I doubt there was any mixer in mine. True mixology. And it's come to the Old Town!I love the Old Town, and I love the bars it has so far. The Hanging Bat and Brew Dog for beer, there's some great fun cocktail bars; but none like The Devil's Advocate. This is something special and unique for this end of town.I'll re-visit and try some more food (breakfast perhaps?) then go again and try more cocktails. And whisky, oh yes whisky. For that's a feature of this bar. Review to be continued....
5	Cool new bar down Advocates Close!! I love the look and feel of the place. It looks like it has lots of potential so I'll look forward to going back again on a weekend night, or day. An exciting new bar to go to in the Old Town. From the sounds of it they're going to be opening up mega early for breakfast so I'll have to try it sometime.
5	Now, I love The Bon Vivant with it's fab food and wine list and I'm way too much of a regular at The Bon Vivants Companion too so I was waiting with bated breath to see how The Devil's Advocate would turn out!Well it is fab - love the bare walls, the excellent use of space, the cosy, under the mezzaine booths and the lovely ladies toilets. Full, amazing range of wine's and spirits as you'd expect and staff here also provide the same attention to detail touches on service that you come to expect as a regular to TBV. I was here for the wines and spirits tasting - boozy as you'd expect, but it was great to grab a booth and chill out with plenty of water being provided to help balance the tastings we'd already indulged in, and were to still indulge in. Food menu is smaller than TBV so the Devil's Advocate will clearly focus more on drinks, but on some nights out, that won't be a bad thing!So, I'll definitely be back - I just need to decide what I fancy drinking next!
4	Impressed! Although it's tucked round a corner hidden from sight, if you're "in the know" this place is a hidden gem. Decorated tastefully in keeping with the age of the building. All wood and mismatched chairs and tables, the place has a very cool vibe about it. We had a very warm welcome upon entering the bar. It wasn't busy but there was a few people dotted around. Clearly these people have heard of the new bar on the grapevine as I can't see how it'll ever get any passing trade tucked away as it is although there is a hotel next door. We were greeted by the bar staff and shown to a table upstairs. They only started serving food from Sunday so only had a small menu on offer. No mind! The steak and pork burger for me and the steak sandwich for my partner. What I liked about it was their "no problem" attitude when I changed my dish, swapping blue cheese for cheddar and removing the black pudding. I felt the food options were slightly over complicated and fussy however I can see what they're trying to do which is take simple dishes of burger, macaroni, haggis etc up a level.Although neither of us were drinking I checked out the small cocktail menu and wine list. Looked interesting and quite reasonable. They made 2 lovely bramble and apple virgin cocktails for us so we could get a small flavour of what the bar staff could do. Yum!! The waiter serving us was extremely friendly and likable. I'd like to come back at a time when I'm not driving and when their food menu is a little more extensive. If they can match the same quality of service at a busier time they'll definitely get 5 stars!! And you guys know how tights I am with my stars. Haha :)
5	edinburgh is a wonderful city which is absolutely chock full of excellent bars and restaurants, but part of me (a small part) always felt that something was missing.  i didn't know what or why i even thought that, but on a cold wintry thursday evening i came across the 'something missing' in Devil's Advocate.being asked to suggest a good place to go for some dinner and drinks, i immediately suggested this new bar in old town.  i'd had its praises sung to be by those that had been and i thought it was time i tried it out.  now i won't lie, finding this place isn't exactly easy.  i actually had a fall out with my taxi driver about the location of Advocate's Close.  thankfully i convinced him to drop me off nearby enough that i was soon skipping down the steps to find the bar.  there was a lot of steps....and i thought maybe i'd got the address wrong, but then just as i was giving up hope a beacon of light (and well mixed cocktails) appeared to my left and i entered through the glass doors.i was immediately in love with this place.  The Devil's Advocate is all glass, brick, and cool industrial chic.  the building has massive glass windows looking out onto the close which must bring in loads of sunlight during the day.  in between all this glass is exposed brick and clean wooden tables with a mezzaine for with tables for the restaurant.on arrival i had a g&t at the bar before we headed upstairs for dinner.  the menu is short and sweet, which i hopes means that they focus on what they're good at.  not a load of veggie options if you are one of those, but a good choice of other options overall.  i went with the salmon tartare for my starter and the pearl barley and beetroot risotto for my main.  my dining partner had the haggis crouquettes (or bon bons i can't remember) for starter and a steak sandwich for the main.  we split a bottle of sauvignon blanc as well.  the wine was with us shortly and was quite nice!  a wee bit pricey, but nothing i wouldn't expect of an edinburgh restaurant.  starters arrived not too long after and my salmon tartare was just lovely!  so so fresh and the slices of crostini with it were so crisp.  i would have enjoyed a bit more of the sauce on the plate, but hardly need to complain as the salmon itself was so tasty.  i was assured that the haggis was also quite good, but passed on the option to try it as i'm not a fan of the offal.  after a top up of the wine, mains arrived and i was well pleased with my risotto.  the pearl barely was super tasty and the beetroot was of the golden variety instead of the red that annoyingly stains everything.  the steak sandwich appeared to be quite satisfactory and i can assure you that the chips were also good having been given one to taste.in leiu of dessert we went for some cocktails off their list.  if i'd been clever i would have written the names of these down as by that point we'd finished off the wine.... however, my whisky cocktail was certainly top quality and sort of had a tea like flavour.  like a long island iced tea except with whisky, so much classier.  my dining companion had a gin based cocktail that was seriously strong but also seriously good.in addition to the good food and excellent cocktails, the staff at the Devil's Advocate are just lovely!  quite to serve you and helpful with questions about the menus, checking on you during your meal but not being overly obtrusive so you can also enjoy your meal.  they also seem happy to let people sit as we were there for almost 4 hours, and never once got asked for our table back.seriously, i think i'm a little in love with this place.  it's just the sort of place the edinburgh was missing and just the sort of place i know i'll want to go back to over and over again!  already planning my next visit....
4	My second visit to this little gem confirmed my first impression of this place - it is ab fab!After only having drinks the first time, this time we also had dinner which was lovely; hearty haggis bon bons, a luxurious truffle mac n' cheese, followed by a warming cullen skink pie and goat cheese, leek and pumpkin tart. Washed down with an excellent Chilean Pinot Noir. Perfect for a chilled Friday night meal!The staff were outstanding; friendly and attentive. As an avid fan of The Bon Vivant, their new venture DA is an absolute must to visit in Edinburgh.
4	Just after Devil's Advocate opened, The Man and I found ourselves on a night out on the Mile and wanted to go somewhere that wasn't like everywhere else on the Mile.  I remembered the DA and was thankful for my smartphone map which helped me find it.This place looks *incredibly* cool from the outside.  Big sheets of glass open onto a small and random close.  It's a great juxtaposition of images.  Inside we found a busy bar which was going through a bit of teething in that not all of the beers were on, the spirits weren't fully stocked, and their card machine wasn't working.  But, the clever staff worked around the setbacks with a smile and an apology, though admittedly also with a version of the cocktail that I ordered that absolutely knocked my head in.I'll reserve the final star when I can come back and experience a more established version of the bar.  For now, I'm thrilled to have a good proper bar just off the Mile and I hope the tourists can't find it.
5	Hidden away down Advocate's Close, just opposite St Giles' Cathedral on the Royal Mile, is the latest addition to Edinburgh's bustling food and drink scene: The Devil's Advocate. It is by the team from the Bon Vivant of Thistle Street and Stockbridge. Who serve fab food and delectable cocktails in both establishments. The Devils Advocate is in a very atmospheric location and the feeling of intrigue of walking down a misty close is fantastically complemented byt the warm and intriguing view through the glass windows.The building used to be an old pump house and they have retained a lot of the old features keeping it quite industrial and putting in a mezzanine floor - great for people watching! It manages to be spacious but snug at the same time. The cocktails were great and of the same quality as those served at the Bon V you will be glad to know. If you haven't gone you should put it on your list!
5	Ohhh the ambience seeps through the old brick and timber!  I do love the feel of this place.  Is it the lighting?  I gathered here with a few others to celevrate the 3rd birthday of Yelp edinburgh.  The company was lovely and the drinks were a flowing (lovely prosecco btw).I'm defo coming back to try the pulled pork on the menu and maybe evrything else!! it all sounds delish!
4	I had the pleasure of attending this pub for the first time for Yelp's 3rd Birthday cake and wine event. A lovely crisp white was handed to me upon entry by a very nicely moustachioed man and then some amazing cake was gobbled up. The upstairs wouldmake a great events space, and the downstairs booths would make a nice intimate meal location. The food menu looks tip top as well. I really like the feel of the Devil's Advocate, it's got some decent beers on tap which I shall be back to sample again and the environment felt pretty relaxed and enjoyable. Will definitely be back to try out the food and everything else!
5	They hosted an amazing yelp party, and the place is gorgeous. I will have to say because of the amazing yelp people, the yelp cake, and endless prosecco my review is a bit out of the ordinary. But the bartenders were cute and quick, the ambience was candlelight,  perfect for a romantic night out. And it was romantic!
3	In hindsight I should have connected the name of this bar with the address on my event invite with the name plate on the close it resides in. They all contain the easy to remember work 'Advocate' after all. Despite this geography-by-numbers approach to getting around town it still took me a while to find the place, so please do allow extra time if you're me.Once inside it's really nice. Big doors, high tables, steep steps, distant ceilings: they've achieved a TARDIS-like effect with much going on inside a relatively small premises. Three stars gives them room for improvement, though in truth I suspect my general level of energy was a limiting factor to the good time I had here. It was still good though and clearly a place worth knowing about with its central location in no way compromised by the adjacent madding crowds. Please go.
5	YELP 3RD BIRTHDAY PARTY!! woooooo!!Ive been to The Devil's Advocate before, and its fast becoming a firm favourite for a number of reasons. Firstly location; for me being a two minute walk to the the train station is a big positve for this train spotter. Secondly the staff and service is second to none! polite and attentive. Thirdly great ambience, including lighting, atmosphere and fun! Lastly food and drink is very good. So...I was chuffed to hear Yelp was having their 3rd birthday there! We were all given a little party bag of goodies, our glasses were filled with a drink of our choice and my goodness cake..lots of cake ! and what can i say about the cake?!?! Delicious! Light and fruity!Thank you for a fabulous evening full of yelp goodness ! Happy Birthday ! xx
5	I can only rate this place for its venue and drinks, as I have not yet tried the food, but was so impressed with the look of this place I will definitely go back for food soon!! I like this space a lot better then Bon Vivant (same owners), merely because it is a bit bigger and has a very rustic, new hip interior. It is also a neat location off the Royal Mile. The service was excellent and the drink selection is extensive. I was a bit overwhelmed by the amount of whiskey they had, but would recommend this to anyone who is after a nice whiskey. This will certainly be my after dinner whiskey destination. The whole decor of the place is so nice and it felt very warm and cozy despite being quite a bit bigger then it feels. They have some nice, cozy booths you can tuck into or table seating upstairs. A great place to grab a drink and hopefully I can make it to dinner here soon!!
4	I had heard of The Devils Advocate but I had never been before, so I was delighted to be on the guest list for Yelps 3rd birthday celebrations which were held there.You can get to the venue on Advocates close from the Royal Mile at the top of the back of Waverley station at the bottom.  It isn't the best signposted so it feels like it is a best kept secret of those in the know.  The inside is over two levels and we had the upstairs mezzanine for the birthday celebrations.  The bar is located on the main floor.  I really like the feel of this place.  The designers have stripped it back to the exposed bricks and added a touch of industrial feel with caged display sections behind the bar.  All the chunky and rustic wooden tables and lighting give it a really warm feeling full of character.The Yelp birthday cake was beautiful, I had the gluten free cake which was the veggie option and it was delicious!  Very more-ish indeed.The staff were top notch.  I would certainly come back here the next time I am out in the Edinburgh old town.
4	Colour me impressed! I'd heard nothing but good things about the Devil's Advocate but hadn't had the chance to try it out yet (I was gutted to miss Yelp Edinburgh's 3rd Birthday Bash here!), but then my mum was through and I met her for a drink before she got the train home. And where better located for a pre-Waverley-pick-me-up than DA?You'd never know it was here if you started wandering up Advocate's Close from Cockburn Street, but then you turn the corner and voila! The space inside is lovely, I can only assume that it's been used as storage space for years, as a lot of the lower buildings of the closes have, and it still retains a bare feeling inside, with exposed walls complimented by warm woods and metals.Alas as it was Burn's Night they were not serving food (other than the special Burn's menu for those who'd already booked), so no light bites for us, just drinks. The cocktail menu caught our eyes straight away - there are none of your traditional drinks on it (though I assume they'd make you a margarita if you asked for one), but everything sounds delicious and is helpfully sorted into sections like 'Sippers' with subsections of 'Short', 'Long' and 'Up'. We both plumped for the Whiskey Swizzle, which was delicious. I cannot remember what was in it (other than a rye whiskey), but it was fragrant, refreshing and had a good amount of kick to it.We did only stay for one drink, but I'll definitely be back and my mum is already talking of bringing my dad here next time they're through. If this is where the Devil's legal representative drinks, then this law grad has gone to the dark side.
1	Denied entry on a Saturday night because the place was 'too busy'. Unfortunately, the bouncer forgot the bar has floor to ceiling glass windows at the front which told us the bar was particularly quiet for a Saturday night, especially following two groups of four leaving before us. Suspect there is a certain crowd the place is after...just not sure what that is.
4	Only had time to stop in for a drink.  Very modern looking, really liked the use of limited space.  The did not try to fill it full of tables to limit your ability to move around, it is tight though.  Bare is very industrial looking with large cages holding a large selection of whiskey's with just enough light to show off the wonderful shades of each whiskey.The wine list and drink menu is diverse covering the customer who knows something to the customer who wants to try something out.  Staff was attentive and kept a very tidy bar and serving areas,  coffee at the ready upstairs for before and after meals.  1st floor both seating looks perfect for privacy and intimate dinning with just the right amount of surrounding atmosphere to keep it a enjoyable night out with just a friend.Off the Royal Mile down a close next to the real Mary's Close will make this a perfect stop before a tour of the old buried city streets of Edinburgh Scotland.
4	No food this time. I was waiting at the bar and I saw the 'cocktail master' preparing some delicate cocktails. I asked him to provide me with a signature spicy Bloody Mary. He was happy to oblige. I found that he was using a 'celery bitter' and this has now become a real hit with me. I could easily identify the bitter and found it very pleasing. Service overall has been efficient and welcoming. I may return for a meal at some point.
4	Just popped in for a drink & got a wee table upstairs on the mezzanine level. Service was prompt. Nice vibe but does get very noisy when full due to the low ceiling. Great selection of cocktails. I had the "pick a pear" one & it was lovely. Looking forward to working my way through the rest of the menu :-)
4	Gotta say that I loved visiting this bar - what a great suggestion by Jenny L and exactly what I fancied after a hard day of toil on the internet! Basically looking like it was carved into the Edinburgh rock, the DA looks very much like a speakeasy in terms of a secret location and from here it was nicely off the beaten path on the Royal mile to avoid shedloads of tourists looking for a quick pint.We had a quick snack of haggis bonbons - really nice and definitely fulfilling my Haggis needs on this trip, plus a board with serrano ham and manchego cheese, plus fresh bread was the perfect combination for a late afternoon snack. My pals had cocktails from the extensive list which all sounded pretty exciting but I stuck to the beers as usual. I was very impressed with the Jokers IPA (super hoppy but drinkable at 5%) plus the locally brewed Alba, coming from an ancient Viking recipe - top notch and a very unique brew! The DA is on my hit list to recommend to anyone who goes to Edinburgh now - very impressed!
4	This place is good. We got the haggis Bon Bons to start and they were good. I got the burger and it was decent- not the best burger I've had but it was definitely unique. I couldn't taste the pork belly but having black pudding on a burger was definitely interesting.  The fries that came with the meal weren't very good. The potato was maybe a tad under cooked.  The bf had the fish of the day (which was essentially fish and chips).  He thought it was good- I had a bite and wasn't too impressed but to each his own. It was served atop a bed of smashed peas- again interesting, but not the most complimentary combination in my opinion. We had the chocolate tart for dessert and it was good- served with a scoop of strawberry ice cream. The chocolate is a bit strong, but it was fine for us.What I love about this place is the ambience- Its romantic, small and borderline hipster. Reminds me a lot of Chicago.
5	We had gotten a recco for this place from a bartender in London and happened to stumble upon it one day.Thought we'd pop in for a dram and ended up staying a few hours.  The whisky list is impressive as expected but the service was fantastic.  We chatted with one of the bartenders who I would guess is also the manager and he was incredibly enthusiastic about whisky.  Very generous with advise and tasting.We ended up ordering the scallops and serrano and were very pleased with the quality of the scallop dish.  It was delicious.  Can't really mess up serrano but the bread they served with it was fresh and the olive oil very good.Can't wait to go back.
5	Great little pub with a modern menu. We had the haggis Bon bons, fantastic. Burger was great, pigeon breast was well prepared, and the hake was great. Kids loved it all. Fun!
4	I'll be keeping four stars for now but had a pretty off putting experience here recently.A few weeks ago, The Man and I popped in for a last drink before home (about 10:30 or 11). We went up to the bar to order, but were quickly whisked to a table instead. This was fine, except that no one told the wait staff that there was a new table waiting to be served and we sat there for about 10 minutes until we were able to flag someone down.Drinks order placed, drinks received, all in order.  Until our drinks were finished.  We sat with empty glasses for long enough that "let's have one more" turned into "let's just go" When we were finally able to get the bill, we quickly handed over our money, the bill whisked away, and no change given. I get that tipping for table service is becoming more of a done thing, especially when getting special drinks like cocktails.  But certainly not for beers, and not when I tried to order at the bar anyway.  With the waitress well and truly disappeared, we had to go to the bar where we were faced with confusion about where the waitress had gone and hadn't we paid "AGES ago" anyway?  Yes we had, we've been waiting for change. It all left us with a bad taste in our mouths. I would go back, but for goodness sake just relax and let people order at the bar and we'll be alright.
5	A hidden gem in Edinburgh. Amazing wine and whiskey menu. Beautiful food and excellent service!
4	Like whiskey? Like tucked away bars? Like feeling like a local and a trendy part of the city as the same time.Let me whisper something into your eat... The Devil's Advocate. A very cool bar with a very cool feel. Cut right into the rock of a wall, beautiful bottles line the back bar, pages and pages of whiskeys in the back, whatever you could want. It can be a little crowded there, and there aren't many tables. You can sit for food, which we did not do, but I heat it's nice. We got cocktails and sat with friendly people happily drinking. It really is a beautiful location, feels old-world done new style and I could sit in here all day long drinking. We only had time for run before running, but I will be back. No question at all.
5	So well done--gorgeous spot isolated on a close, yet steps from St. Giles. The food was outstanding and the drinks list extensive. I echo comments on slow table service and there is a bit of hipster attitude in the place. But for a mid-afternoon snack it really hit the spot, with very cool ambience.
4	An unexpected turn led us towards The Devils Advocate. I'm glad it did.A great location and venue. The food was fantastic. Especially the Haggis bonbons that everyone has mentioned.The staff were all very good. Quite attentive and helpful. Especially the super cute redhead waitress from Winnipeg of all places.Go here, you won't be disappointed.
5	If you like an aromatic cocktail, you cannot go wrong with the BV Sazerac - old school delicious.Food was very good and we'll be back!
5	A tiny haunt tucked into a nondescript alleyway that serves a mean old fashioned? Hell, they had me at the entire shelf of Japanese whisky, the rest was just icing on the cake.After a colourful (read: boozy) start to our evening, myself and visiting Edmonton CM turned to the ol' Yelp mobile to continue our shenanigans with a few cocktails. Even with a map in front of us, it took three walk bys before we spotted the wee little alley that leads to this wee little cocktail bar. The stairs down (or up, depending on your vantage point) are perhaps the city's best sobriety test. I'm sure the door gents just watch and only allow those who can make it down without looking like they'll pitch to their certain death at any moment. Because of this, I very vocally pointed out the difficulty level of high heels on uneven steps as we teetered down in the rain.With a quick shake of the umbrella, we stepped into a beautiful gem of a bar. I can't speak for the food, or the seating in general. To be honest - we saw the bar, and happily stayed put for a few rounds, but for that, I can happily speak to the quality of the libations.It's a long standing tradition that I judge a bar by the oomph of their old fashioned. The Devils Advocate did not disappoint - they served up a beautifully balanced drink, made with care but without the 15 minute show you can get at other "we do good cocktail" joints. It was well made, without the pomp and much appreciated by our little party. But where this spot truly won my heart, was with a brief glance up to an entire shelf dedicated to Japanese spirits. A nice Yamazaki or Nikka is my newest whisky obsession and hailing from Vancouver, where you're lucky to see one or two bottles on the go, the sheer promise of a 5+ range? This lady is a happy camper.Service was lovely, quick and no bs. The folks milling about the bar are a fun mix of eclectic professionals and the vibe is one that makes you want to pull up a chair and put back a few. I didn't get a chance to ask about their wifi, but seeing as though they open at 9am, I daresay with a good signal, this will fast become a regular "office" soon enough.Either way, come cocktail hour, I will definitely be back. Afterall, I only tried two whiskies while I was there - more research is definitely needed. Worth getting lost for, and as always, mind the stairs.
4	Came here for after dinner drinks (read: scotch).  The whiskey list here is impressive; some 8-10 pages of whiskeys from all over the world.  The atmosphere is very unique, dark and old feeling (in a good way).
4	Great place!Met a couple of friends for a few drinks after work & was pleasantly surprised at how relaxed this place was. Service was great & they were very accommodating even making me a drink that was not on the menu. I would definitely recommend this place.
5	Dropped in for a drink and was not disappointed. The bar staff's knowledge and skill was great to see. Great Whiskey , great atmosphere.
5	I have been to many well-known bars around the world, and The Devil's Advocate is one of the best I have ever visited. Located in Advocate's Close, nothing about this bar program is less than superb. The cocktails, the alcohol selection, the staff, the environment, the ice; all amazing. It combines the best elements of many different bars in the SF Bay Area and eliminates the worst. Caveats: I visited on a Wednesday night, and had Kyle as my bartender. Your Mileage May Vary.
4	I love The Devil's Advocate - it's tucked in the Advocate's  close in Old Town, and unless you accidentally stumble upon it or know about it, it may remain a hidden gem..I was there recently for a pre-dinner drink with my husband. The place is not very big - it has a few seats downstairs and a mezzanine area reserved for diners. But it has a cosy atmosphere, great for candle lit chats. If you want whisky, this is a great place for it as they have over 200 whiskies to choose from. However, we ordered a glass of pinot noir and a gin & tonic (table service). The drinks arrived and I requested a new glass as it looked dirty. They were very apologetic about it and actually deducted the wine from the bill, which was unnecessary but I accepted that.I would love to try out the food as well so maybe next time it will dinner and drinks!
4	"We should check out that new place down Advocate's Close!" we said. Little did we know that it was a new regular haunt in the making. Great food and a massive list of whisky (and whiskey) coupled with no-BS serving! Shame about the beer selection, though.Aside from the odd G&T and White Russian, I'm no big fan of cocktails. When I'm at home, I tend to prefer a straight up single malt if I'm not having beer or wine. When I'm out, I find spirits are almost always way too expensive. So! When I'm out, it tends to be wine with the food or beer at the bar. And the beer selection is a bit on the sad side when compared to the massive list of whisky and the general quality of everything else at Devil's Advocate.So, that's the "bad" stuff out of the way (not so bad, really, just a matter of choice.) Let's move on to the good stuff!I fairly regularly get visitors from out of the country, and when I do, I have a small selection of places I tend to recommend for food. Devil's Advocate has now joined First Coast (great and diverse food, decent prices), World's End (reasonable, proto-scottish pub-grub), Grain Store and Blackfriar's (Both high end, for when my parents visit and insist on paying).I almost always order at least the black haggis bonbons to start with as they are a great and easily shareable haggis/ black pudding treat for people who are curious about haggis but not quite comfortable getting the full haggis, neeps and tatties experience. I really should start considering other options for myself, as the other starters look delicious!Their burgers, though not the BEST I've ever had, are fabulous! Chunky and full of flavour and come with similarly chunky chips. You might need a fork, not necessarily for eating the burger (though it is one of those "take the top off to eat it" jobs) but for protecting your chips from the thieving fingers of your cohorts. You have been warned.They change up their menu every now and then, and usually have a Fish of the Day, which is always worth considering. Their vegetarian options are limited but just as worthy of consideration as all the other meals. Last time I went, both my partners in crime opted for the butternut squash risotto after considering that and the oxtail, and it was great! For the record, I've tried their oxtail, and it's QUITE good.It's been a while since I've had their desserts, I'll make a note to try them next time I go.The service isn't full of unnecessary pleasantries, nor are they overly polite, but they're (usually) friendly and always effective and have always treated me and mine well. They know what they're doing and they do it well. That isn't to say they're terse or in any way unhelpful, just that I never felt like they were imposing a manufactured "friendly" atmosphere on us, as can happen in a lot of places.All in all, a great place to go for food and cocktails, just not one I would stay in afterward to drink. And that's fine. They can't be everything to everyone.
5	Loved this place! Went back twice. Enjoyed one of the best salads I have ever had, incredibly fresh and inventive. Excellent atmosphere, beautiful venue, outdoor seating.
4	Cool bar, didnt manage to get a table to eat so would advise to book ahead for a table. Great vibe.
5	This place is the spot if you enjoy crafted cocktails paired with delectable plates. Reminds me of an old time prohibition style bar.  Friendly service, great recommendations from the staff.  The traditional old fashioned was one of the best.  If we ever come back to Edinburgh, we will surely stop by here again.  Cheers!
2	Such a shame, the venue itself is gorgeous and the menu looked promising but the service was gratuitously rude. We turned up for lunch on New Year's Eve and politely asked, as we sat down, if we could have some water - only to have the waitress/manager (dark hair, red dress/top, permanent scowl)  snap at us: 'That comes automatically.'.  Well it didn't come automatically, even though there was another waiter standing 4 feet away who heard us but then walked off (the place was pretty empty and we were the only ones in our section at that point). My lunch companion needed to take her medication so I got up and grabbed one of the water jugs he had been standing right next to; when he eventually returned and saw that we had done this, we got another waft of attitude from him.  The food: ordered the corn fritters and monkfish scampi; the fritters tasted bhaji-esque, and not in a good way  - sort of oily and muddy and mushy - and the fish was pretty forgettable ( all they'd done with the accompanying cauliflower and parsnips was boil and salt them and plonk them in a bowl without bothering to properly drain it all). It's even more disappointing given the fantastic, unfailingly friendly and helpful service and hospitality we experienced everywhere else off the Royal Mile that week.
