4	Potato Valley Cafe is a lunch spot near downtown, specializing in, not surprisingly, baked potatoes. This place gets mad props for being one of the few black-owned business in the area (the only I know of in my limited knowledge), giving a discount to federal employees, and shelling out some tasty taters filled with copious and interesting combinations of ingredients. I think the veggie combo has around 3 or 4 trillion ingredients in it, including mango (an odd choice, but it works). It sorta works out to be a potato's take on a taco salad, w/ the potato acting as the taco shell. When you've scooped out the fixings in the middle, you can pick up the salted potato skin and enjoy its crispy goodness as a hand-held treat.Normally I'd give a place like this 3 stars, but I feel compelled to give it 4, if only for picking a simple, yet workable idea and just running with it. The food is good, and that's it -- not great, just good.  But good enough to come back, and better than most of the greasy spoons polluting the area. So this is a 4-star lunch spot, in its class.
4	Just ate here again about the 10th time. The man taking your order is always somewhat gruff, the lunch crowd is packed, the portion is huge, the concept is unique, the dining room is industrial minimal. Forget the sandwiches, stick with the potatoes, check your diet at the door. A few words about the potato: Huge, Crunchy skin worth getting messy for,  toppings numerous. Average cost of lunch here including beverage about $10.
5	Have been going here for a couple of years.  Really love their Vegetarian Combo potato which includes garlic butter, cheddar cheese, a ton of veggies--Artichoke Mix (artichokes, mild green chiles, low fat cottage cheese) and South of the Valley mix (beans, corn, lime, mango, peppers) with lettuce, tomato, cucumber, a mango slice, and yummie fried danish onions on top.  I order it without the seasoning salt (which may have MSG) -- just order it with NO SPICE.  The Vegetarian Salad Plate has about everything from the Veggie Combo Potato minus the cheese -- and it's a big meal too.  They have a spinach-feta-garlic butter potato and a veggie sandwich as well as several meat options.  Be aware of their limited hours, currently 10-4 M-F only.  I know who the other reviewer is talking about but haven't seen him working there lately--and  I've found everyone else there uber-friendly and they get to know you if you're a regular.  Parking is at meters or walk down to 6th and park for free.
5	Love it! The staff is friendly! The place is clean.  The food is really good.  It's a great place for lunch, especially if you're already downtown.  I hate going at noon because it's too crowded.  They have some kind of smoked gouda soup? It's really good. Parking sucks- I usually walk from work.
5	As much as I love this place, I think it went out of business. I have tried to go 3 times in the past month and they have been closed every time. I am not for sure, but I think they have closed their doors for good :-( Why do we always lose the best places in Las Vegas?
5	*** UPDATE: HAVEN'T BEEN BY RECENTLY BUT SOUNDS LIKE THEY HAVE CLOSED - BUMMER! ***This is a great little lunch spot ... especially when you're in the mood for something a little different.Sure, they offer sandwiches and salads - but you come here for the potatoes.  You can choose from a variety of fillings/toppings (including plenty of vegetarian options).It's nothing fancy (minimal decor and no table service) but you get your food fast.  In a perfect world they would be open on weekends, and prices would be a bit cheaper - but I really can't complain, this place is great.
