5	Comfortable and charming, always open, great view! This IS the new happening spot in Coronado.
5	Great access, 24 hours, service is excellent!!!
5	I always feel right at home at Parking in front of Aaron's. I actually prefer it to parking in front of my own home, even though it is a several block walk. Whenever I need a parking spot in The Coronado, this is my 'go to' place.
5	Parking in front of Aaron's is so wonderful. The valet is always helpful and the new reservation system divine. Giving customers a beer and a photo shoot was a genius touch. Why park anywhere else?
5	With so many great recommendations, we have decided to spend our honeymoon parking in front of Aaron's. Will try to make it PG, but I can't make any promises.
2	The parking itself was lovely but the proprietor was honestly kind of a dick about it. Something about not being there to see him?
5	It's so busy,  it's hard to get in. So I suggest making reservations a week in advance! Best experience in that part of town. Even though the proprietor was an a hole in so many ways I appreciated the ambiance,  the view is to die for and I like a holes any way so 5 stars all the way. So go get your parking on!
5	The hype is well deserved, you guys. Nicest curb in town, I say. Wifey and I parked there last week. I had the street side. She had the curb side (as usual lol). She loved it! Hey, don't mess with a good thing, I guess. You like what you like, amirighr?Anywho, Aaron's was just a darn HOOT. I give it TWO kitten's whiskers up.
4	I park at Aaron's as often as possible. I only didn't give it 5 stars due to lack of space. They really should look into expanding.  Having that bouncer Lincoln does keep everyone in line so even though it's crowded no one gets out of control. I've met some really great people here. Will definitely keep coming back.
5	Parking in front of Aaron's is only something that I've dreamed of.  With all of the hoopla, I just haven't been able to find a spot.  Thought I'd found a vacancy last week but two baby strollers, three dogs and I giant inflatable shark beat me to it.
4	During a morning stroll, I too observed an abundant scenery of safe, high quality parking. There was no valet service available, which was fine since I was simply walking my dog. It wasn't needed. More reliable valet hours would improve this review from 4 stars to 5, however.
5	Aaron's continues to be a popular place for people to park. I hope he keeps his business open as it is always so busy. Looks like some sort of bike gang might be trying to take over this fine establishment though. Not sure if I am happy about this or if I should be afraid.
