4	Honestly didn't have the highest hopes for a hotel in Wickenburg, but was pleasantly surprised. Each room has it's own outdoor entrance with parking in a central private lot. The rooms were clean and spacious. They had a fridge in each room which is always a bonus in my eyes. I'd stay here again if I needed a room in Wickenburg for sure.
5	Great room at a great price. Very spacious room for the 3 of us; extremely comfy beds. Good continental breakfast. An excellent deal overall. Right at the beginning of the shopping district.
4	I'm not sure if this is a 4-star hotel, exactly, but it exceeded my expectations.My room was clean, the linens were lovely, the location is right downtown (Wickenburg is a very small town), and the breakfast was perfectly fine (fruit, yogurt, toast/bagels, and make-it-yourself waffles; plus coffee of course!) I think it was about $175 for two nights (for a 2-Queen room), so very reasonable. The building is basic, but the choice of paint color and tile decorations up the style a bit. The front desk staff was cheerful and helpful. I did not use the pool, but it was clean.If you are staying in Wickenburg and lack a Rancho de los Caballeros budget, this is your place.
4	Free wifi with no password and clean spacious room.TV has a good variety of channels.Most best western are pretty good and good deal.Breakfast is provided from 6:30-9:30.Yogurt, toast, cereal, milk, fruits and waffle (you make it yourself).But their waffle iron is constantly on the fritz.There is a pool and Jacuzzi that's available for use anytime.
4	Just had a great stay at this hotel. Very friendly folks and really tidy, clean and reasonably priced. It's not the Ritz but can't beat it for a clean room and nice property with pool and hot tub for the money. Definitely will stay again!
5	We got stuck in a storm so needed somewhere to sleep for the night. Here are the perks:Comfortable beds, thick bedding, nice pillows, lots of hot water, friendly staff. The only thing that wasn't great:Continental breakfast was a little sparse.
3	Listen there isn't anywhere else. This place reminds me of car trips in the 1970s. Clean enough, big rooms and a pool, plus very inexpensive. If your looking for a W hotel your out of luck:)
1	After we checked in we discovered the toilet was clogged and the shower wouldn't drain. Also the wi-fi was very spotty. When I called the front desk, they brought me a plunger. When my bf went to use the restroom in the office the next morning, the manager Melanie or Melody could care less. She never apologized or seemed to care. Her main concern was that the credit card was declined for a second night, we never authorized her to charge another night. When I asked for her boss she said the owner couldn't be bothered. The manager had possibly the most deplorable customer service skills I'd ever seen.
5	Yes! As good as it gets after you've spent your day out in the desert. I don't know if my feelings of this place were skewed but who cares! It was nice to "come home" to a really clean and nicely decorated best western. I definitely didn't see that coming! Also, the kitchen was clean and well stocked. Thank goodness for that!
5	This was one of the most interesting hotels I have ever been to. It gives off the Wild West theme very well. Great hotel in my opinion with really great owners. I walked across America raising money for cancer and the general manger gave me a free room. It was a very comfy bed. Basically what you would expect at a best western. The only problems were that some rooms had week wifi and there are not many tv options. But honestly, compared to the other hotels in town it really is the best option around. If you want to go 16 miles down the road though to Aguila, AZ you will come across a motel called "the burro Jim motel". It's 40 dollars a night and that place is pretty awesome and in the middle of nowhere. Super nice owners and managers!
4	Clean rooms, comfy beds, and great service = essential for a comfortable night's stay.The hotel is also located right in the heart of downtown Wickenburg, so all the cute little shops, restaurants, and historic museum are no more than a 5 minute walk away. There's a hot breakfast in the morning from 6am to 9am, which isn't extravagant, but includes all the essentials you would expect: bacon, eggs, pancakes, yogurt, oatmeal, fresh fruit, assorted cereals, tea, and coffee.There's also wifi and a printer in the front lobby that is open all night.Lastly, remember to use your AAA discount if you have it!
3	The service was friendly but the room and pool were not very clean. There was a used condom in the trash can in the bathroom, and I found a blood spot on one of my pillows that I don't think was mine. The pool was pleasant, but not very clean. The hot tub was closed/broken, and it looked like a science experiment with all kinds of algae and green gross all slimed across the top. Since it had rained earlier this month, there were gobs of insects around too, but that is Arizona for you. The breakfast was mediocre, but I appreciated the bacon and caffeine. This place is 4 mins away from The Meadows, it's good for if you're visiting for family week. Two roundabouts and you are there. It had (spotty) wifi. Pretty basic, but the price is right, especially if you ask for the Meadows discount. ;-)
4	Stayed here Last night October 11, 2014 We decided to drive through Wickenburg for nostalgic reasons from our youth. We were going to drive all the way home but decided to just stay the night.We drove up and asked for a room. The man at the counter... Bruce was sweet as apple pie! We got a room with a AAA discount for $80. The place was BIG! lots and lots of rooms! it was very old west. YES the place is OLD... BUT whoever owns the place LOVES it! our room was cozy and old but I loves the heavy cotton velvet drapes which were VERY CLEAN and the pink velvety chair then the over puffed beds were just ...... lets just say it was a very nice nights sleep!They have flat screen tv..... my husband was watching football until midnight!they do have wifi and the pool area looked nice.They do have breakfast in the lobby. It is a little sparse but there is plenty to eat and the quality isn't bad for being on the road.the place may be old but it is nicely taken care of! Pat, the very nice lady who checked me out was very warm and pleasant too. Thank you!Will be staying there again as I will be traveling to Scottsdale on the weekends! Im actually looking forward to it!
4	Stayed again 10/17/2014Excellent check in by Bruce and our queen room was clean! I love this place! Parking was a little rough later in the evening  and several work trucks made navigating the parking area difficult.  I would suggest to the management to have the larger vehicles park on the street. Checking out was quick and easy!
4	night.  The hotel is an average hotel of this caliber but the beds are really nice.  There is a microwave and refrigerator, good closet space, a nightstand, desk and a small table and chair.   Most rooms are on the ground floor and ours had French doors leading out to a grassy area.  Very nice if weather permitting.  It was full that night but it was very quiet.  Conveniently located you can walk to several restaurants.   Breakfast was the usual fare.  My one complaint was they ran out of decaf coffee and none ever appeared.  The check in staff was very helpful telling us about restaurant and the Bluegrass Festival which was in town that weekend.  They have menus in the lobby to peruse.
5	After our van broke down in the wee hours, my roommate and I found ourselves in Wickenburg for the night. A gentleman at the service station recommended the Best Western Rancho Grande for the night, and we're so glad he did.We were exhausted and bedraggled after a day driving, but Connie was just lovely, both on the phone and in person. The room we were given was across the street from the lobby, but she escorted us to it and let us in. She was kind, easy to talk to and gracious.The room was really pretty, too. It had real furniture instead of the usual hotel fare. The bed was softer than some four-star hotels I've stayed in. It was clean, and not just 'clean for a hotel room'. It was spotless. When it took longer than originally planned for my roommate to get the van looked at, they graciously extended us another hour, rather than turning me out on the street to wait in the cold.We have definite plans to come back to this really cute Western town and explore in the warmer season, and this will absolutely be our base of operations.
